I was an invited guest before the grand opening to this hotel owned by MGM/Mirage/Bellagio.  My wife absolutely loves this hotel and I would say it is definitely setting a new standard.  Located in City Center in the heart of the Vegas Strip pulling up to the flag ship hotel (among 5 others) is breath taking.  Everything is on the Grand Scale here in terms of size, design, and height.  . . When you walk into the Aria you discover huge open spaces where the ceiling doesn't seem to exist.  I was upgraded to the Sky Suites which has a concierge floor and separate private entrance.  All of the hotels have since copied the rooms from the Aria in design and layout not to mention decor.  If you appreciate architecture this Aria Hotel takes the cake.  Completely modern, it reminds me of staying in a luxury sky rise condo.  Looking out from the bedroom window you will notice it slants outward and you are actually suspended over looking the valet which is very cool.. . They have some of the most famous chefs and their flagship restaurants here as well as the Crystal Mall which rivals Michigan Ave in Chicago, 5th Ave in NY, or Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills.  The tree house Mastro's was phenomenal in design and food.  The Louis Vuitton store is the largest LV boutique store in North America.. . Casino-wise I played a lot here and it lacks the table action of Caesars/Mirage but plenty of slots and a beautiful layout.  It should be noted this is the only hotel in City Center with a Casino.  The Buffet needs to be AVOIDED but the Cafe is fairly good.  Monorail takes you to the Bellagio or the Monte Carlo.  During my stay the pool was not completed.  Solid 5 star Hotel/Resort geared toward the business class person and upper middle class to ultra rich.  Even with this glowing review it is not on par with the Wynn/Encore/Bellagio.
*-*
I love the Aria. . I love the art, the architecture, everything.. . We normally stay at the Aria every time we go to vegas. I loved how Christopher Walken was in 10 artistic photographs infront of "The Deuce." Unfortunately some drunk person broke 2 out of the 10 and they had to remove them :( Booo hooo... . . The rooms are nice. The pool is fun. The buffet is alright. They used to have amazing oysters and I haven't seen them since last year :( . . We were invited to the Aria NYE party and I must say "WOW!" Every year shocks me more and more. The event was amazing. The art, the entertainment, the food selection, the drinks......=orgasmic. You did a great job guys. I can't wait to come back. . . Only had thing was gambling at the slots.....I lost my money:( lol.
This is one of the best looking hotels in Vegas!  Love the decor and love the architecture!  It's a must see attraction.  It really makes some of the other hotels look dated.  If I come with anyone who haven't been to Vegas in awhile I always bring them here.
Simply put, Aria is new and clean.. . You have clean rooms.. . You have high quality bedding.. . You have a great entertainment system with on screen guide just like at home.. . You have modern finishes in and around the hotel and casino.. . You have an exorbitant shopping mall that sells things you cannot afford.. . You have champagne brunch with the nicest waitresses in the world. (tip them a bit extra). . You have ample parking and lighted center dividers that make you want to crash into them.. . If you gamble ~$100 a hand for 4 hours they will give you a free room!. . You have floor to ceiling windows.  Why would you stay anywhere else?
I have to start off by saying first that I won this hotel off priceline, bidding only $90. So the fact that this hotel was a deal made the whole experience much much better.. . The hotel itself is supposed to be 5 star, which not that its not great, but I don't know if it compares to the Wynn etc.. Anyway, the hotel is very classy and nice, the hotel rooms are very nice, the bed very comfortable. My only pet peeve was that they don't have a coffeemaker in the room, which i know sounds stupid, but that's the way I like to wake up in the morning. A lot of hotels I realize are doing that lately but anyway.. . There are 2 attached "centers" if you will , the city center and cosmopolitan, and in these 2 there is everything. Food, shopping, nightclubs or just a perfect excuse to walk around just to people watch, which is always a must in Vegas. . . I am suprised that people have a had bad service at this hotel and felt that the rooms were dirty. I did not have this experience at all.. . the moral of the story here is: bid on priceline.. . Oh and another note, the layout of the hotel is really bizzarre. The placement of the lobby in relation to the front of the hotel and the parking and then the guest elevators to take you up to your room makes no sense. I adjust to new places quickly and always know my way around, but at this hotel I could never get it right.. . And who are these people that brings their kids to vegas, really? you cant think of anywhere more appropriate to go, than bring your kids to casinos filled with smoke, pictures of naked women and drunken people all over the place?????
We had a great time here. The atmosphere is more adult then party but the dealers strike a conversation with you and make you feel at ease.  Our room had a few quirks that were promptly fixed by the staff.  The concierge customer service is the best I have ever experienced.  It was a little pricey just looking at the price tag, but once you get into your room you'll see it is worth every penny.  Thanks Aria.
All I have to say is the room has Control 4!! Any hotel that goes that far with technology is ok in my book!!  And they supported Magnolia Audio Video (a Best Buy Conpany) which I love as well!! Oh...  And I met Jamie McMurray (42 Daytona 500 Winner) there last February while NASCAR was in town!!
Wow! The lobby was gorgeous! The room was huge! The bathroom beautiful! Such a nice place!
Luxury is the best word to describe this hotel and that's an understatement. . . I had VIP service here and from start to finish it was well worth it. I felt like Donald Trump!. . They sent a limo to pick me up and drop me off to the airport. While I was waiting to check in I hung out in the VIP lounge which was full of free food and drinks including wine and is open 24 hours! . . My suite was beautiful. Great view of the strip and all the luxuries of home, in fact the suite was better then my home. There is a built in sauna in the shower! The toilet was one of those smart toilets with headed seat and wash buttons. There was a dining room, living room and bar and TV's in each room. Simply amazing suite.. . The buffet was very nice but pretty standard food. . . Casino was typical.. . There's a theater where they show the Elvis Cirque Du Soleil show which is very fun to watch. . . The staff was very helpful and professional. . . The overall design of the hotel is very classy and modern. . . I have to say this is my new favorite hotel in Vegas and I will definitely stay here again.
Here is my experience:. . Service staff - not the friendliest, but I can't be picky....they deal with lots of a%%holes on a daily basis.. . Location - In the heart of the strip.. . Rooms - Large, clean and comfortable - my wife fell in love with the bed.  We slept like babies.. . Technology - wow...maybe a tad too much.  I would've preferred a Mac in the room instead of the light+temp+curtain control.. . Bathroom - Very nice.  Heated toilet seat with the Bellagio fountains built in...and a dryer to say ahhhhh to.. . Restaurants - Pricey and questionable....I suggest taking a walk across the street and eat at 'Earl of Sandwich' for fraction of the cost and get much better quality food.. . Casino - I'm not a gambler, but it seemed adequate for depositing your hard-earned dough.. . I give it a 5 star, because of it's location, cleanliness and convenience...and the great nights sleep we got.
This place is great! The room was the best I've ever stayed in. The dinner we had at Union was the best steak and lobster ever!! The staff was very friendly, drink service at the slots was great!! We had a sky suite and they sure know how to make you feel good (heated toilet seats, Free mini bar!!)  The slots paid off pretty good also.
If you value service, this is the place to stay.  Its a little pricey, but one of the nicer places in Vegas. Regardless of your limit as a player, comps are descent and they treat you with respect. You can even get Fiji water for free.  But I never been to a place where the room service even sent me my shoes after I checked out and flew back home.  Now that's service.
I was in Vegas for several days last week and I'll admit, I'm not a Vegas person---sorry!  However, I did like the fact that Aria was a little more low key than many of the other hotels, so you weren't hounded with obnoxious flashing lights or just bad lighting overall when you're inside.  . . We were in a corner suite so we had great views overlooking the strip and to the north.  The room was gorgeous, albeit a bit on the small side in the living room.  The master bedroom was nice and the bathroom was beautiful as well, everything was clean and we had appeared to have maid service a couple of times a day.  . . I made it to the gym, nice facilities and only walked through the spa area on the way to the gym, it looked SO peaceful and relaxing, next time I'll be sure to find time for some spa treatments.. . I did lay in the sun by the pool after working out (it was a bit too cold for a dip in the pool---january) and one morning I did lounge in a hot-tub for a bit, but the buffet looks over the hot-tubs---a bit weird if you ask me.. . We had great service, a nice room and a great stay.  I'd recommend it to anyone.
I can't get enough of this hotel. I wanted to get a crane and a plane to transport their bed to my house. Seriously, the most comfortable bed in the world, no joke! The staff members are so friendly and helpful, I always had a great experience no matter what my activity was. I highly recommend this hotel and I wouldn't bother staying anywhere else, the Aria is my home away from home. Also, don't forget to try Jean Philippe's Patisserie, they have the best coffee, pastries, panini's and nutella crepes!
Note:  My opinion is a little tainted and biased as my partner was one of the sustainability consultants for the City Center project including being part of the team responsible for the hotel's LEED Gold rating...... . Truly an amazing experience!  The lobby was grand....  The art installations were gorgeous.  The scale was beyond anything I had imagined.... The room was gorgeous with a gorgeous view of Luxor and it's space piercing beam of light.  I couldn't stop staring up... sideways.... down... across....  Truly a modern marvel of ingenuity, construction, and service. . . Honestly, couldn't have been better (for my 1st time to Vegas). . Thank you and I'll be back!
One word describes it-----COOOOOOOOL!
Nice hotel, nice views! We were on the 51st floor or something near that. I liked how they have that little screen next to your bed which turns the lights on and off, open and closes the curtains, turns the tv on and off...etc. There is also a channel that shows you flight information! Loved that! The staff was friendly and because we had comped rooms, my husband had invited guest check-in (meaning no wait) and free dinner buffet! The bell service was fast to bring our luggage up and valet service was quick getting our car. I would probably stay here again but my favorite hotel is still TheHotel at Mandalay Bay. The tower is smoke free and away from the casino.
Aria is a great compromise between modern design, sexually charged energy and the color brown.  I can't believe how much brown is in this Hotel. It should all be replaced with a monochrome palate, but that's just my opinion. What do I know, I am only the most amazing traveler ever right?  I have to LOL at ARIA for a few things and I hope you will join in on the fun. . . #1 - Room rates. OMG MGM Resorts is so sad that this hotel is priced so low. If you ever pay more than $129 weekday, $199 weekend you are overpaying.  There are tons of promos, (follow ARIALV on Twitter),  $50 suite upgrades and more, just look for them.  What this means is that cool people can stay here without going into debt, it also means trashy ppl, losers, and "30K Millionaires" can stay here on their Discover cards.  There's also the Ed Hardy crowd, they love this place, especially the Pool. OMG IS HEIDI MONTAG HERE???!!!  . . I have all these images of skanky ho-bags throwing up all over Aria's pretty bathrooms.  I want to cry. . . #2 - WhErE to EaT??? IM DRUNK.... IM HUNGRY BRO!  I get it, it's a high-end resort and it has nice restaurants, when the economy picks back up, it will be cool. But for now, just know that there is no where decent to eat at ARIA.  The restaurants start at " $$$" you know...like how they rate them with the dollar sign...all at leadt  "$$$."   The buffet is pretty nasty, I wonder if there is a Yelp for just the buffet.  There should be, maybe I'll head over there next and talk about how the buffet is composed of Indian Food, enchiladas and chicken fingers. HORF!. . #3 - Aria has so many awesome features in design and innovation but it's all wasted on the crowd here. I think I sound snobby here, but I love the design of Aria and people don't seem to appreciate it one bit.  They even replaced the signage with these god-ugly neon blue signs becasue so many, I am assuming fat people, could not find the buffet. Mooooo...  The bathrooms are slick, the slot masheens such in cigarette smoke and expel pretty-smelling air and the art is pretty masculine and fantastic. . . I've stayed here like 8 times and I always ask to upgrade to a corner suite, usually it's only like $50 more a night and you get to live like Kim Kardashian for a night.   DEAL!. . I hope if you are reading this you will give Aria a shot, it's really beautiful, sexy, glam and a great deal.  Let me know if you agree with the overuse of Brown.  It should be black right!!!
Super bowl weekend, free invite only bowl party, sky suites lounge.  . I love it.. . But really, the only thing that I have to gripe about with this casino is how bad they rape my wallet at the tables.  I don't think I've ever been remotely close to being up here.  Then again, it's Vegas, what did you expect?. . Rooms are a little on the smaller end (including sky suites) but nice.  Everything is styled very clean and contemporary; the rooms are controlled via either remote or buttons on the walls...no dials or knobs anywhere.  "Goodnight" button next to the bed is a nice touch, it turns off everything in the room and closes the blackout and sheer.  There is an input panel near the TV, so that you can connect USB devices, chargers and analog VCR's to the TV if that's your thing,. . This review is about the hotel itself.  I personally don't care about Haze and I haven't been to the pool...yet.
Hotel amenities are awesome. The casino smells great. The pool was just ok. The best part was that when I stayed here last summer I left a whole garment bag full of clothes that I had just bought in the closet and I had no idea until I got home. I was so sure no had turned it in but housekeeping did. The hotel shipped it to me.... FREE! can't beat that.. P. S. Nothing was missing. :)
Wow!!!! Place is beautiful!!! We had a small suite and it was just amazing, great view of the strip!  Even the door key to room is cool...opens with a swipe instead of a slide! Ultra modern interior, we had a small kitchen and 2 bathrooms, it's a perfect place to gave a small gathering.
I stayed in one of the penthouse suites here back in April of 2010 for a friend's bachelorette party.. . I loved how the penthouse lounge offered free gourmet snacks and unlimited wine, beer, and most any type of liquor. Always a plus in my books.. . Our check in was very fast, and the concierge, staff, and host took great care of us.. . The hotel is gorgeous and I love the restaurants they had to offer.. . The only problem I had was at one of the bars- one of the bartenders was BEYOND rude and condescending. I did something I've NEVER done before and that was to speak with his manager.. . The manager apologized for his rudeness and offered a free round of drinks formy friend and me- which I politely declined because that's NOT the reason why I complained.. . Other than that minor bad experience, I had a lot of fun here.. . Haze is a great club- a bit pricey- even for vegas- (Cmon 18 dollars for a jager shot?) and the pool is an equally fun place to hang out. Both the club and pool play great music.. . I'll definitely want to stay here next time I go to Vegas.
This is one of the top 3 most beautiful hotels in Vegas. I also love Wynn and Encore. There is a huge, well-presented, well-stocked Jean Pierre's here. The casino is just super classy and happening. Hope to stay at this hotel some time!
I get comped penthouse sky suites here, so I'm obviously biased, and that is what I will be reviewing.. . The views are amazing, and the sky lounge provides as many complimentary refreshments (bottles of juice, soda, and water) as your greedy little fingers can handle.
Exit elevator on floor 7. Walk down the hall, slide card key into card slot. Open door..... .  "Hello Mr. Kremer. Welcome to your room." . . "Hi Al. Would you please open the curtains and turn on the lights?". . "I've already taken care of that, Mr. Kremer." . . "Thank you Al. The room looks beautiful today.". . "Thank you Mr. Kremer. Your shoes are particularly shiny today. Can I get you anything?". . . 2001: A Space Odyssey, much?  Lights gently rise to on; curtain smoothly slides open revealing a stunning view of city center and the strip. Beautiful amenities, sparkling bathroom, fluffy towels, comfortable and clean beds, clean carpeting, rows upon rows of down filled pillows on each bed, a crystal clear LCD flat screen. The room had lots of drawer and closet space. Bathroom was nicely tiled and very clean with extra towels and lots of little resort shampoos and conditioners, soap etc. In room wireless for free, a multitude of outlets and electronic connections. Certainly the nicest room in which I've stayed while in Las Vegas.. . Beware the mini bar and any prepackaged goodies - your room is automatically charged as soon as you remove the item from its place through use of weight sensing racks. Very tempting but extremely pricey peanuts and drinks. . . When I first entered the lobby, I was stunned; the casino was nowhere to be seen. This is a place for those that like to dine, shop and relax. Absolutely, there's a casino, it's just hidden behind a wall of artwork unlike every other casino in town. Soaring glass ceiling, plants, marble floors. Beautiful. Of course, once you check in, that's when you have to go through the casino to get to you room. Only guests with key cards are allowed to the elevator banks. Nice. . . This early weekend in March was unusually warm and the pool had just opened. One of my best friends from college and I headed down to the pool. Terrible soundtrack but gorgeous setting, palm trees, hundreds of chaise lounges, beautiful pool, plenty of sunshine. The pool is not hidden behind the casino like many other places on the strip. Somehow, the sun is blissfully everywhere. The best part? Why, of course,  the 32oz margaritas served at poolside with any tequila you fancy - Patron Silver in my case. Two of these bad boys each and we are plastered. Head over to the hot tubs for a little relaxation. It's time for a nap before hitting Carne Vino for dinner. . . How's the casino? Nice, very nice. Perfectly new, packed, exciting. My buddy won $400 at craps so profitable as well. Not being a big gambler, I spent just enough time at a blackjack table to have a couple free drinks. Nicely lit and not smoky at all. . . Room service for breakfast on the way out on Sunday morning was excellent. Eggs benedict, thick ham, perfect hollandaise sauce, nicely toasted English muffins and perfectly poached eggs. Fresh brewed and deliciously rich pot of coffee. Fresh squeezed orange juice. Expensive as room service always is but in this case, absolutely worth every penny. Quick service, friendly delivery, sparkling flatware.. . This place is definitely worth a return trip. I've stayed in three different casinos and walked through almost all of them at some point. This is clearly the winner. Extremely centrally located on the strip. Excellent deals and clean, clean, clean.
The BEST BED I've ever laid on! I can't stand their sink faucets as it splatters water everywhere but the BED alone will keep me coming back and 5 stars alone. I think it's a little above average compared to other similar hotels. Bring your own shampoo and conditioner as their freebies are pretty lame.
No offense to anyone else, but how can you NOT give a 5 star rating to the Aria?. . This place is the epitome of style, service and substance.  . . You don't choose the Aria if you want a family environment.  You don't choose Aria if you want a secluded getaway.  You don't choose Aria if you're on a budget.. . You choose Aria because you want a fancy, modern, hip and exciting onslaught for all of your senses.  And Aria delivers.. . The City Center is frigging impressive people.  It's like being in downtown Tokyo/New York City in the middle of the LV Strip.  The buildings are SO modern and SO beautiful, you feel like you're somewhere special.  And it's NEW...which means clean and comfortable and awesome materials and textures.. . The casino is bustling with activity, and is very well laid out.  Finally a casino that doesn't try to make you lost and confused so you'll end up spending more money at the tables or slots because it's easier than hunting for an exit.  Oh and the piped-in vanilla scent...Let me tell you...after a night out in Vegas, with the smoke and sweat and booze all lingering in your nostrils...when you walk in that front door and inhale vanilla...there are no words to describe what a wonderful moment that is.. . The rooms...new, modern, beautiful, advanced, superb.  The touch screen control panel is brilliant (and fun to play with).  The electronics dock that allows to plug in your iPod, iPad, laptop, etc....brilliant.  The wi-fi throughout the building, finally!  Beautiful materials and textures everywhere.  Ample people space, closet space, bathroom space, etc.  The single most comfortable bed I have ever slept in, in my life.  I ALMOST didn't want to leave the bed to go to gamble/eat/party.. . Even the service was impressive.  Every cleaning lady I passed was friendly and...get this...spoke English!  The rooms were always left spotless.. . The concierge was ON POINT too.  I called ahead of my stay to set up some romantic gestures for the weekend.  Special orders, special times needed, etc.  The phone support was a pleasure to deal with, and extremely helpful.  And they nailed everything they promised me.. . Aria has got it's sh!t together.  Incredible building.  Incredible ambiance.  Incredible rooms.  Incredible service.  And depending on the deal you find, potentially very reasonable prices.  If you know what to expect, you will not be disappointed.
Alright, where do I start!?. . Aria is the BOMB! By far the nicest hotel on the strip....Wynn, Encore sorry but you don't got shit on Aria at city center.,,,,. . From the moment you open the doors to the Aria hotel you get smacked upside the head with the most beautiful vanilla fragrance, the design of this place is F****N beautiful, the layout of the entire resort and casino is perfect. . . The rooms are class!!!  Everything in the room is controlled from a tablet, meaning you want to open your blinds from bed, NO PROBLEM! the bathroom was the size of my apartment, having a bench in the shower is excellent especially if you plan on having some company  :)  and the beds.....WOW!!!!! the most comfortable bed i have ever slept on in my life. . . The service at Aria was fantastic, from room service to check out everything was just perfect and all the employees at this resort seem so happy . . . The buffet was perfect. my weekend was perfect. my drinks were perfect. the service was perfect, the girls were perfect. Aria you are F*****N PERFECT!!!!!!!!!!. . . Peace & Love
Prior to staying at this hotel, I saw it on The Bachelor. Eleven women stayed at The Aria while competing for Brad Womack's love. Based on what I saw, it looked very impressive. So when booking for our Vegas trip, I just had to check it out for myself!. . Our flight arrives a little after 8. We take an airport shuttle to our hotel and are skeptical that our room is ready. Bunny and I decide to check in anyway. Right off the bat, we notice that the staff is extremely friendly, greeting us with a smile and asking if we need assistance.. . The concierge informs us that there might not be any available rooms and it could take up to 2 hours to clean one. After doing some research, she does however find a smoking room. At first I am not too sure about it, but she mentions that an ozone machine that could be put inside the room if it gets too smoky. Rather than wait around, we decide to take it. She spends a lot of time going through the different facilities and restaurants within the Aria. We are given a map. During our stay, the fitness center, pool, internet access and two drinks are complimentary.. . While heading to the room, we notice that the elevators are split between different floors. Bunny and I look for the elevator designated to our floors. However we are unable to find the room number. I think to myself, "Wait a minute, am I missing something?" I start to wonder if maybe the numbers are transposed. After searching for quite some time, a housekeeper notices and asks if we need help, Then she tells us we are in the wrong tower! . . Eventually we find the room and are notdisappointed with our king deluxe sky suite. It is amazing with a great view of the city. There is a tub and shower and a separate room for the toilet. Perhaps a fan may help in the area. Curtains can be closed with a switch. When turning on or off the lights, there are different categories, such as reading, lamp and goodnight. Almost everything can be done with a remote control on the T.V. In the closet, there are two bathrobes and slippers.. . There is plenty of security at the hotel. When heading up the elevators to get to your room, you had to show your room key. In order to use the fitness center or pool, the room key had to be presented as well. A bottle of water and a towel is presented to you as soon as you show your guest key at the front desk . There is a good variety of workout equipment and machines. The pools are clean and there are a lot of lifeguards on duty. . . The rooms are not only cleaned in the mornings. It would be to up mutiple times a day! Sometimes after leaving for a few short hours, I would notice fresh towels, new sheets and a fixed bed. We were very pleased with the service and liked that we were being taken care of.. . During our three days, we were treated like celebrities. We would be greeting with, "Good Morning," have our doors open for us, and be provided with great customer service. After staying here, it makes me eager to come back. I cannot imagine staying at another hotel Vegas after this great experience!
I'm doing this review solely based on the room I was given.. . OMG a GORGEOUS HOTEL with a FABULOUS VIEW of the Las Vegas strip! Its even more beautiful at night with all the lights lit up.. . I am absolutely a huge fan of this establishment, My friends and I booked rooms a week in advance and everything went smoothly at check-in.. . The entire building ( to my knowledge ) was very clean, sleek and modern.. . Our room was very spacious, clean and very high tech, huge bathroom with a bathtub and a stand-in shower, enormous flat screen TV with free wifi.. . I am by far absolutely pleased with The Aria! A really romantic getaway if traveling with your significant other.
I'm writing this review as a walk in. I didn't stay here nor did I gamble and I did not even eat here. So why write a review? Just based on ambience and decor and looks this place took me to another land. I've never been to asia but this what I imagine an asian resort and casino would be like. The beauty and layout was awesome. The casino was very modern and the shops were very expensive.Louis Vuitton, shoes that costs 900.00. they took one look at me and thought "lookie loo" I was wearing my Kohls 70% markdown polo shirt..But the place is beautiful and I would love to stay here. When I do I will write another boring review
Book it. You won't be left disappointed. The vanilla amber-wood aroma filled lobby and the waterfall set the stage for a great stay. Good service at all times of day. . . Good shopping and fun people watching. This whole end of the strip just rox. . . Cafe Vettro, Jean Philippe Patisserie, Union Steakhouse and American Fish, Julian Serrano Tapas....all super for different reasons. Yeah , there was the $8 latte and a $40 bottle of basic table wine- but that's just Vegas. . . From here, The Marquee is high heel friendly! AKA walking distance for the most part depending on how long you danced before you call it a night. . . If the sun is out- Liquid can be a lot of fun. This pool party is not as wild as "Rehab" which is actually a relief. You know what I mean. . . Watch out for expensive Black Jack tables. . . Take your iTunes, there is a jack in the room. But don't even thing about touching the mini fridge- every item is on a sensor for automatic charge to the room. . . For whatever little time you spend in your room in Vegas, ARIA can at least make it great . The beds here are like clouds. If you manage to sleep that is.
I stayed here for a conference recently, and a I really enjoyed it. The rooms are fantastic. The curtains are remote operated, the tub and shower are huge, and the bed is fantastic. The service was very impressive, I had a problem getting my tv to turn on and after I called they had it fixed while I was at a meeting so that I could watch tv that night. . . The casino is very nice, and the restaurants, though a little pricey, are quite good. It's a very modern and stylish hotel, with a very high-end shopping center next door.
Stayed for one night last summer and i have to say that the room was very cool. Of course the place hadn't been open for very long. I loved it and I highly recommend it!
To me this place is perfection, when you walk in the door it has its own unique smell and great new school rich feeling. The perfect dimness with gold and metallic highlights. A great selection of restauarants and really to me the best part is the sportsbook.. So, every sportsbook in Vegas has big screens but, this one you have to look deeper and understand these sceens arent projection are are true HD displays. 20 Ft Screens?? I dunno but big and comfortable seating. I can spend my perfect Sunday easily watching baseball here all day.
The staff here exhibit a very real hospitality, taking extra moments to express appreciation that we chose this hotel,  attention to  detail -- from the bartender who introduces new tastes with expertise and enthusiasm for his art, to the guy from engineering who expertly sorted our in-room technology when one device didn't function as expected (turns out we had it wrong).  Even the Housekeeping staff were cheerful.  Architecture in this newer district of Vegas is outstanding, Aria and Cosmopolitan especially.   In-room technology is on the cutting edge, room service is exceptional.    Altogether, they make Aria a standout!
ARIA was an outstanding hotel/casino. The hotel rooms are modern and totally wired (you can even set an alarm from the room control panel to have the lights slowly come up and the window wall curtains open)...how awesome is that??!! . . The service was outstanding and the slots were friendly (to me! My buddy wasn't as lucky). Drinks flow easily and you can always find a slip machine to collect those winnings. . . I cannot wait to return to ARIA!
It's a beautiful place.  Get their Crystal Suite, you won't be disappoint.  Beautiful room and view.
Hotel Aria is one of the best hotels in Vegas! Of course, it is one of the new hotels.. . - The two bedroom suite was very spacious for my party  for 7 ppl to walk around and chill.. - The bathroom was spacious and so beautiful... not to mention the bathtub.. ooowee.. - The beds had fitted sheets (one of my pet peeves) and were very comfortable. I slept like a baby.. - Service was awesome! . - Club haze was just around the corner!. . I had a great experience here!
I love this place. It smells nice. It is upscale and classy. Everything is brand new. I won money at paigow. I won money at video poker. Dealers were friendly. I will definately return. . . I do wish this place was easier to get to. . . I need to check out the club Haze.
Walking into my room, on the 27th floor, and being greeted by a cyber-message welcoming me, and opening the full length drapes, sheers and window coverings, while simultaneously turning on every accent and mood light in the suite was a true delight.. . The room was meticulously appointed, and the bath was pure spa-like luxury.. . One of the more fun and interesting places to stay while visiting Vegas.  I also recommend the hotel restaurants - Julian Serrano was very good, unique and interesting food, with an interesting Romanian waiter - truly made the night more fun.. . The Buffet was excellent, for $20 per person in an all you can eat spread that included everything from a to z, it was an exceptional value.. . Cafe Vettro was fun as well, but breakfast can get quite pricy there.  . . With prices as reduced as they are in Vegas -- you can stay in a suite at the ARIA for $140 per night, which probably would have run closer to $400 to $500 per night, just a few years ago.. . If you're going to go to Las Vegas -- be sure to stay at ARIA.  And believe it or not, the hotel garage is FREE, the valet work for tips only -- and they truly do hustle!
Love, love, love Aria. Awesome hotel and casino. You actually can see sunlight from within the casino and it has high ceilings. It makes even the "luxury" properties - yes, I'm talking about Wynn, seem outdated and tacky. We never stay anywhere else.
O Aria, O Aria, where art thou Aria?  . . How romantic and fun do the commercials for Aria make it out to be?  As a joke, my Bun kept on saying we wouldn't live up to looking like the models on the commercial the whole plane trip there.  I laughed.  Who cares if we don't! (Well, she has a cute thing going at least.)     . . First thing you'll notice is the amazingly artistic architecture everywhere you turn.  It's photo op paradise in the whole resort.  I guess nowadays, all casinos are "casinos and resorts" to capture a wider audience, particularly for those who don't drink and gamble.  This place is beautiful.  The second thing I noticed was this special scent that was all over the inside of Aria.  I'm not sure exactly what, but vanilla and a hint of cinnamon come to mind.  The smell is very unique, and adds to the aura.. . Our flight arrived earlier than normal, and so Bun and I attempted to check in.  Normally check in time is at 1, but not only did we get our rooms.  We got a free upgrade of the City Center View and a larger room.  To think we almost didn't take it because it was a smoking allowed room.  The lady working the counter was extremely nice and very helpful in getting us ready to go.  She even offered an ozone machine that would suck everything out of the room if need be, but she was certain it was fine.  . . The layout of Aria is really elaborate.  A normal person can get lost their first time around.  For Bun and I, it took two to three trips around the place find where we were supposed to be.  The eyes in the sky probably saw these two knuckleheads rolling their luggage around the casino like headless chickens looking for their room.  After walking to the wrong side, and asking the security guy who checks key cards where our room was; we finally got the correct side of rooms labeled under a sign called "Aria Sky Suites".  I felt like a politician having the doors opened for me and greeted with "how are you doing sir?" by what seemed like everyone that worked there.  . . Upon arrival to the front door, a glowy button catches my eye.  Holy Sh$t!  It's a door bell.  I've never seen that before.  I put the key card over the sensor and entered the room.  Yup, over the sensor, you don't have to feed it into something.  As I slowly opened the door, Bun and I entered to classical music softly playing in the background as the curtains automatically slid open to reveal a view.  Inside is furnished with some really cool stuff besides the remote for the curtains which I privileged myself with playing with for five exciting minutes.  A touch screen clock next to the bedside operates everything in the room from the temperature, television, and also those darn fun curtains.  . . Need some room service?  They even have a phone installed right next to the toilet.  A feature I thought would be comical, but apparently not to people I've told.  Inside the bathroom was a very spacious shower and tub combo on the other side.  The cleaning service came three or four times a day.  While some may find an inconvenience, but I thought it was great considering they kept stockpiling my bedside chocolate mints.   . . After taking advantage of the fitness center, located behind the spa, Bun and I hopped over to the pool area.  The pools outside are also something not to miss.  Laying down the towers of Vdara can be seen and one feeling being teleported to a whole different land.  We spent what felt like minutes which were actually hours there.  With free towel service, I recommend bringing your own suntan lotion or whatever other equipment you need for swimming.  The bottle of suntan lotion I bought at the little stand at the entrance came out to a whopping $20.  . . All in all, Bun and I had an amazing time.  Even to this day, she still mentions to me that she wants to go back for R & R.   I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking to stay in Las Vegas for anything.  I noticed there were quite a few business conferences going on during our stay.  Maybe on your next business conference in the Vegas area, expense it at Aria and enjoy the luxuries they offer.
What can I say that has not already been said by the lovers of the Aria.. The overall hotel experience was excellent. It is a beautiful building inside and out. . The service was exceptional from everyone. There are a couple of reviews that noted poor service. I don't see how that was possible based upon my experience. Every single person I encountered was smiling, friendly, and helpful to whatever I needed. I think that your own attitude has a lot to do with how you get treated. . Reviews noting the 'smoke smell issues'. I am extremely sensitive to cigarette smoke. Although I was staying in a non-smoking room, it was absolutely not an issue in the Aria common areas or the casino.. The service at three of the restaurants we tried, was really great. For me, the food was ok, but I wasn't looking for a dining experience on this trip.. The room was second only to the Four Seasons Las Vegas, and there were some things about this room that actually beat out the Four Seasons.. Like the fully electronically controlled . . . well EVERYTHING. Lights, curtains, tv, music. . . all from a single remote. It was the bomb. The room was a good size, and since we were on the 35th floor, the view was spectacular to say the least.. And, one of my pet peeves has been solved by the Aria. . . The hotel room doors do not slam shut! That in itself makes me jump for joy.. Other things to note, they let me check in to the room early, they let me check out late, all with no hassle what so ever. And, the hotel was totally booked for a fighting event. So, I know they could have easily said NO.. The beds are super comfortable, and the a/c unit is quiet. . . For those thinking of "hotel pool crashing". . . don't bother. There are sooo many checkpoints where you must show your room key. I LOVE THAT.  I paid for my hotel amenities, you can just stay at your Travelodge.. . Overall, this was a great first experience at the Aria, and I do intend to return when I need to go to Vegas.
My wife and I love the Aria and City Center. We've spent two weekends there and didn't even leave the City Center. They have everything you'd need or want. We've been to LV over 40 times so we've stayed in most of the hotels. Our favorite was the Bellagio, now it's Aria. We can't really add anything else that hasn't been said by the other good reviews. We'd highly recommend the Aria.
The rooms are fabulous, gorgeous hotel, loved the pool area, and location in the new Center City is great!  The concierge hooked us up with awesome last minute tickets for Viva Elvis.
The boyfriend and I both loved our stay at Aria, we did have a few small complaints but nothing worth noting. Well - if your curious it was just that our phone didn't work unless we had it on speaker and the first night we were left without a comforter but no biggie, we didn't spend too much time in our room anyways :) . The first thing I noticed as we walked in was the smell of vanilla in the lobby which I loved because I dislike when I first walk into a resort/casino and the only thing I can smell is cigarettes. . Check in went very smoothly - regular check in is at 3pm and we got to the hotel at 9am because we had a early flight and we were checked right in. . The room was perfect. There were two spacious closets, loved the shower/bath, his & her sinks, the bed was really comfortable, nice plasma mounted to the wall with plenty of channels if you do end up spending time in the room, floor to ceiling windows with shades that open with the remote and a nice bar/snack area but be warned *don't move anything unless you want to pay for it. Luckily I read quite a few reviews that mentioned that already so I knew better and I told my boyfriend "You touch, you buy." ;) . I loved how modern it was but I will admit there were a few times I had problems with the "master remote" where I just tried to close the shades and I ended up somehow turning off all the lights and the tv. It made for some good laughs though! . We spent some time down in the casino and lost some money but had a great time doing it. I like to people watch and the casino was perfect for that. . We didn't eat at any of the restaurants but I did order some Drunken Noodles from Lemongrass for to go as we were leaving - of course that's another review. . . We said every time we go to Vegas we want to stayat a different place but we'll see if that happens =)
I'm a big believer of customer loyalty if a place treats its guests right and I've only gotten the best treatment here at Aria. There have always been little things off at other hotels in Vegas but Aria seems to get it all right. After achieving pearl status on the player's club card, aria has been sending me comp'd room offers every time I finish a stay so I have almost never had to pay for a room. I tend to go for a suite upgrade because those rooms are very comfortable if you plan on an extended stay. The normal rooms are more than sufficient.. . One of the best places about this hotel is the omakase restaurant located in the lobby area. The Italian restaurant is also highly recommended. They have an amazing wine selection and the chef has great tastes in picking out the menu every time I go. Some omakase places are hit and miss but this one is a hit all the way.
Aria is a truly beautiful hotel.  I am a huge fan of sleek, modern design with the use of natural materials (wood, metal, stone, glass) - to me, it's comfortable and inviting, just like Aria.  The service was amazing from the front desk to the janitorial staff.  Everyone was very friendly and accommodating.. . We had a deluxe city view room that was nice and spacious with a wonderfully large bathroom.  The all-in-one remote control was neat but also slow and cumbersome.  I wonder how long it will be before that technology will require an update?  We loved all of the ports for our phone chargers and how you can play your iPod through the TV speakers.  Thoughtful touches such as those, as well as the light dimmers, ample closet and drawer space, and the comfy bed, made our stay very enjoyable.. . The air filtration system throughout the hotel is spectacular!  Go stand in any other casino and you can tell the difference.  Is the scent vanilla, cinnamon or lavender?  Who cares, it's fresh air at all times!. . We spent quite a bit of time in the pool area, which is top notch.  There are 3 big pools with loads of chairs and umbrellas and lots of nice landscaping.  There are also several attentive waitresses walking around and a bar for your drinking pleasure.  Other than the constant barrage of pop music that you can't seem to escape in Vegas, it was tons of fun in the sun.. . Now - if I could make a suggestion:  free drinking water other than just on the casino floor.  If this luxury resort would really like to stand out and go above and beyond to make its guests very happy and comfortable, how about a few drinking fountains interspersed throughout the premises like its many decorative fountains?  I'm sure that would not bring in as much money as the current $4.50 per bottle of Dasini, but I imagine this LEED Gold certified building could make good use of some kind of water filtration system as cool as the air filtration.  Yes, I know there is tap water in my room, but it tasted kinda funky to me.  Thank goodness CVS Pharmacy is right next door!. . Can't wait to go back for more of Bar Moderno's Bramble Berries and Jean-Philippe's gelato!  Thanks for a wonderful time, Aria.
FAVORITE hotel in Las Vegas. I have gone 5 times now and stayed in various hotels to include Planet Hollywood and the Bellagio and hands down ARIA is my favorite.Upon arrival into our room, as soon as we opened the door, all the lights turned on, the music started playing and the blinds opened up to a gorgeous view of the Las Vegas strip. Whenever we needed more towels, the staff was always accommodating. We had ordered in food as well and did not have to wait long at all for it to arrive. I hope the hotel continues with its customer service and never changes! One of the best stays in Las Vegas so far!
This hotel kicks ass. It's so new, modern, luxurious and affordable. Terrific service at check in, we all won money gambling, great restaurants, lounges/club all in the hotel. Also right next to the Belagio and New Cosmo hotel. It took me and my 2 girlfriends like 15 minutes to figure out how to work the lights/automated curtains/video and audio, but hey... Girls and technology just DON'T mix!. I loved this hotel, I am SO coming back here again next time I'm in town.
I've stayed at Aria twice, and had a terrific experience both times.  The rooms are wonderful, very tastefully decorated and filled with all these cool state of the art techie touches (like controlling all the lights and shades from a remote while lying in bed with a hangover).  The hotel and casino decor is really interested, muted browns and subtle colors where you least expect it.  We also liked the restaurant options.. . Vegas provides innumerable hotel options. What makes Aria stand out is that it's really a much more high-end hotel than the pricing would suggest.  It opened during the recession, and it's had to keep it's prices at a reasonable level to draw clientele, but the quality of the rooms, the restaurants, and the general decor make it closer to one of the high-end modern hotels in Vegas than the dated also-rans. . . I've stayed in pretty most of the high-end hotels in Vegas (Mandalay, Paris, Wynn, Mirage, Hard Rock), and I think the Aria compares pretty favorably to all of them.
Nicest place in Vegas period!!!  If you plan on spending some money, spend it here.  Absolute stunning property.. Most places now try to avoid giving you a drink while gambling these days, not Aria.  Very prompt service even when playing 1 cent slots. . Best bathrooms in Vegas!!!
Absolutely AMAZING! I didn't stay here but I gambled here a few times and words can't describe how awesome this place is. The architecture is absolutely insane. This is the type of building that you look at and say to yourself "Wow, I can't believe what humans are capable of constructing". . . This casino reminded me of the casino from Ocean's 13. It has the most advanced gaming equipment I have ever seen. The roulette table light up all the winning spot once the ball drops into a number. I joked with one of the dealers and told her she probably loves this new feature because it makes her job 100 times easier, she laughed and said "you betcha!".. . This place is a must visit next time you are in Vegas even if you aren't staying there.
Aria and Mlife player club members were nice enough to comp me a corner suit for 3 nights all for free. Great  service, friendly staff, Wow, sweet room..      No complaints.    Even if it wasnt free
I am a local and decided to get away for the night as I had been wanting to check out the City Center. My visit was on a weekday, used my travel agent discount with Iatan card $99 plus tax. Great deal.. . Beautiful resort with with 5 star service.. . I forgot to pack shampoo, I called housekeeping and in five minutes they were up to my room with a bag loaded with toiletries to last me 6 months, wow more than accommodating!. . Great restaurants! MMMMM SKYBOX Sport's grill! (See my review). . Checked out Crystal's the art complex with high end stores.. . The little monorail over to Monte Carlo and Bellagio was fun and free for now at least, soon enough I am sure they will be charging for the two minute trip back and forth. . . Love the chocolate/candy store mmm sinful delights! Little chocolate masterpieces too pretty to eat!. . It's dark, romantic, classy, great service with a smile, beautiful room.. . I will be back!. . This is a more adult catered property, love that! I don't recall even seeing one child in the entire hotel or casino.. . I attached some photo's from my stay :)
We got a Sky Suite, and it was worth every penny. Top notch service, top notch rooms with control 4!!! Concierge was cool enough to call local clubs and get us in for free. Saved us some $50 cover charges!!
The Aria is my new favorite place to stay in Vegas. Architecturally stunning when viewed from the street and when you enter the lobby. The first thing to greet you is the Japanese vanilla they disperse to ward off the smoke coming from the casino. . . I noticed the casino was hoppin on our way to the elevator. The happy hoots from the craps table, bells & buzzers from the many slot machines. The lobby bar was busy with plenty of plush seating. But what was missing? Oh yeah, the nasty smell of cigarettes! It seems the casino's incense thingy works. . . The rooms are absolutely beautiful. Modern, chic in the favorite chocolate tone most places seem to love. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've slept in and the pillows were a down mix, heavy on the down. The bathroom was a bit small but I loved the shower w/the bathtub. Very similar to a Japanese "ofuro", a small room with a separate area for the shower with a large soaking tub. All lighting and curtains are either touchpad or t.v. controlled. It's fun to program the curtains to open, lights and t.v. to turn on as a wake up call. It's also fun to turn off the lights in the bathroom when someone else is using it. Or just lay in the bed and power everything off & on just because you can. . . We had breakfast at Cafe Vettro, which is located off of the lobby. I highly recommend the house-smoked salmon & bagel. The salmon was perfectly smoked, thinly sliced and beautifully arranged. And amazingly delicious w/a buttery texture. I will advise ordering extra cream cheese as they only put a small dollop on the plate. The coffee at the Roasted Bean is a must, forgo the stuff you make yourself in the room. Throw on a pair of sweats, t-shirt and flip flops and make your way downstairs. Bring it back to the room and enjoy while you get ready to start your day. . . Aria is beautifully stunning from the lobby to the rooms. The staff friendly and efficient assuring this will be the place to stay on future visits.
Vip Gold Member here! treat me well! wahooo!!!! :)
My husband and I got married in LV about 3 months ago and held our "reception" at ARIA. I have to say - they were absolutely exquisite! From the beautiful casino floor, helpful staff, great policies and breathtaking suites, I was beyond floored with my visit to this new Vegas establishment. Let me paint a picture for you..... . We wanted to get married in a fun place for our quests to take a mini-vacay. The problem with doing this in Vegas (esp on the Strip) is that things get incredibly expensive. A simple dinner meal for a catered party will easily reach $150 per head. Being in the wedding industry for the last 5 years - I decided to do some researching for alternative location spots. . . After researching for weeks, I decided to start looking in to elegant suites in hotels. Upon doing so I uncovered that it is not permitted to bring in your own food or drink to your hotel. A lot of places have extremely hard policies on this. Hotels make a ton of cash on catering. A bowl of chips and salsa would run you $5 at the store - go through hotel catering - easy $75. Ridiculous. We called at least 15 hotels to inquire about their policies. . . As a last resort we researched ARIA. Here I was thinking that we wouldn't be able to swing a luxury suite at this brand new hotel and BAM - they had a suite that was PERFECT for our needs. We had about 65 people at our wedding and wanted to throw a cocktail party afterwards. We confirmed with guest services that we were permitted to bring our own food/drink 3 different times. Each time, no hassle. We told them we were having a party - no hassle. This suite was RIDICULOUS. Floor to ceiling panoramic views, remote controlled curtains, temperature, sound system, a giant boardroom with 12 chairs and a large table (perfect for buffet style snacking) and 3 separate bar areas for set up. . . We worked out a great deal with a local restaurant and they were able to deliver directly to our suite and set up with no problems at all. The night went off without a hitch. Even the bell hop unloaded our entire SUV filled with decorations, liquor, beer, etc and brought it all up to the room for us. I will absolutely come back to ARIA. . . Do yourself a favor, throw down the $700, and stay in the "Executive Hospitality Suite" for at least one evening. The views and the suite itself will take your breath away.
My favorite hotel ever. Beautiful property.
I've visited and stayed at some of the best hotels on the strip, and as far as I'm concerned, Aria is right up there (not to mention it was less expensive than all of the other top rated hotels for the same weekend). I mean, they have their own branded scent for shit's sake. There's no cigarette or dirty hooker stench to be found, which makes the world of difference. . The location is prime - right in the City Center, with amazing shops and restaurants close by, regarless of what you crave. The staff is extremely accommodating, room technology is top notch, and the beds are RETARDED. We nearly didn't do anything all weekend because the bed was so perfect.. . And I absolutely cannot believe people ding Aria for losing in the casino.. Really?
If you've never been to Aria, it's a pretty nice hotel.  Pretty damn nice indeed.  Compared to where I stayed at on my last Vegas trip in college (the now defunct Sahara) and well, it's SO MUCH NICER.. . Part of City Center, the hotel's decor fits with the concept of the entire complex - a modern, high end sort theme.  One of the newer hotels on the strip, the amenities and creature comforts are plentiful.  Each room is fitted with a centralized touch pad by the bed which controls nearly everything in the room - the lights, A/C, TV, and the shades.  The views from the rooms that face the strip are gorgeous, and I was actually really impressed by their closets and bathroom.  Weird I know.  BTW, the in-room wi-fi should be included as part of the resort fee.. . The hotel itself includes several bars (one with pretty good happy hour prices!), a club, a dessert/bakery/chocolate/ice cream eatery, to-go food and coffee counters, their buffet, several restaurants, and some retail shops as well (the Crystals mall is right outside the lobby too).  The casino feels cleaner than most by comparison, and I really liked that the air didn't feel thick of cigarette smoke.  Some people might not like the vanilla-ish air freshener smell, but you get used to it quick and it beats the alternative.  I can't describe how nice it is to go back to your room after gambling without carrying the smell of smoke on your clothes.  All of the workers that I interacted with were friendly and nice...especially a couple of the girls working the concierge desk.  So very helpful!  Outside of a doorman who seemed to be having a bad morning, the service certainly made the stay that much better.  . . However, being a pricier hotel does have a slight drawback...if you're a gambler at least.  The table minimums for a lot of the games seemed to average higher than what you can find at other hotels on the strip (most were a $25 minimum).  If you aren't a gambler though, it's not going to affect you much.  Still, after the first time I stayed at Aria (with my own room to boot!), I ended up coming back during my most recent trip a few months ago.  I can't compare the rooms to that of the Cosmopolitan or Wynn/Encore, but Aria is pretty amazing!
Once again the City Center does not disappoint.  We stayed a Aria and really enjoyed it.   Outstanding Hotel/Casino Resort !!!  The service was excellent plus the rooms and suits are beautiful.  We go to Las Vegas a few times a year and onour next visit, we will be staying at Aria
Love love love this hotel! First off...it smells so good! Seriously! Even with all the smoke, food etc. Aria has this very distinct pleasant smell throughout the casino and it is a minor detail that I never paid attention until I stayed there! . . It's in a great location! Plenty of restaurants. Plenty of sexy bars & lounges. Nice decor and art throughout the building. The room was amazing, love the all in one remote, decor and color scheme. The bed was VERY comfy! The service was great, Valet was fast and friendly.  I honestly don't have one complaint. While walking the strip and going through other hotels, I did not see one that I'd pick over Aria. This will definitely be the hotel I stay in for future trips!
Just back from 10 nights in Vegas (3 at Caesar's spa tower, 3 at cosmo, 2 at PH, 2 at Aria)...38th trip to Vegas....stayed in almost every hotel on strip.. . Loved Aria...very big open and chic.  The rooms are very nice and beds are amazing....but the room is a little small.  After staying at Cosmo it is hard to compare (Cosmo is awesome with the terrace and size).. . We had a great time at Aria though...lots of great slots and good table limits.  The Deuce lounge has an awesome after dinner "carrot cake" martini.  We also sat in the lobby lounge and had some very strong ginger martinis.  Loved the tapas restaurant.. . Of the 10 nights in Vegas I only ran across a few "not so friendly" employees (So many great employees everywhere) and those not so friendly ones were here at Aria (front desk, pit boss, a dealer).  But with that said Lesley the casino host was awesome, Urliss (spelling issue) the Pai Gow dealer was so great, and Nicole the waitress in the Deuce were all so great.. . We would definately stay here again, but if it was between here and Cosmo for same price..Cosmo hands down because of the terrace.
Soooooo modernistic! . . My parents stayed here whenever we were in Vegas. The room is very modern & pretty! . . This would definitely be one of the hotels I would stay in next time I'm in Vegas. :D
u fancy HUH
oh this just in, just hit the wire we missed it by one day..... . Hotel officials say water tests in several guest rooms between June 21 and July 4 detected elevated levels of the bacteria Legionella.. . Read more: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/n/a/2011/07/14/financial/f110333D39.DTL#ixzz1SF28sCCh
Absolutely LOVED my stay here! Especially, if you get a deal, which aren't hard to find online or with your M life players card, you definitely get more bang for your buck! The rooms are bigger, the pool areas are nicely kept, the location is very near to lots of big attractions on the strip, and the remote control in the room just adds to the fun! My only qualm would be that everything inside the Aria is upscale, especially food. It was rather difficult to find cheaper food, such as in Monte Carlo, which has their food court. Yes, you can easily walk to Monte Carlo, but it's Vegas, even though they're next door, it still takes you like 20 mins to get to the next casino! Either way, our yearly trips to Vegas are only going to be spent at the Aria!
VANILLA!!!!!!!! . . Everything modern and up to date.  The only drawback is the insulation in the walls.  You can hear people taking a shower @ 3AM!!!  Other than that, pretty damn nice
Resort is beautiful. Do whatever u can to upgrade to the sky suites.  Pricey but very worthwhile if u are looking for vlassy sophisticated and new.
We just stayed here on our most recent trip and I can't wait to come back to this hotel.  Some reviews said the employees lacked customer service and how it takes a long time to check in, but we didn't experience any of that.  We checked into the hotel within 5 minutes or so and we had no issues with our room, we had a view of the Cosmopolitan pool.  Each time I walk into the hotel, it smells so delicious.  The best part of my stay was the bed and pillows, it was so comfy, I slept wonderfully for 2 nights straight and usually,  I don't sleep too well in hotels.  If I can get a great deal like I did this time then I am definitely staying here again.  . . The pool area was nice too, a lot of lounge chairs so we were able to find seats no problem.. . Yes, the work to the strip is a little far but it's not unmanageable.
a fairly new addition to the strip with an abundance of asian restaurants ...the decor is modern n trendy...perfect for a younger crowd as well as the sex & the city slot machines
I had seen this hotel on a reality show and it looked amazing. Well, it was.Tthe usual gambling set up which I know Las Vegas is all about was nothing out of the ordinary, however,  I am not a gambler and chose to go there to see a few shows and celebrate my wedding anniversary with my husband.  This hotel is state of the art with futuristically beautiful decor. It made the other hotels, that are not that old, ie; NY NY, MGM, Luxor, Excalibur etc. etc. look outdated at best.  The deluxe double room had a most comfortable bed with giant feather pillows and a large picture window with curtains that opened with the remote control.  The remote control could be used to do any and all the lighting in the room, tv, drapes, alarm.  I felt like I was in a James Bond movie. Many excellent restaurants in the hotel, pricey but great food.  You did not need to leave the hotel for any reason, unless of course you wanted to see entertainment elsewhere. They have great pricing right now, considering what you get.  It would have been nice if they had in room coffee, but they do want to get you downstairs to the pay coffee of course. Also, didn't hear any noise whatsoever once in the room.
I love Aria. Have stayed here several times and will stay here again next month. . . The rooms are clean, crisp and modern. The casino area is nice but maybe a bit ... warehouse-like? I don't particularly mind it but some may. . . They have THE BEST BEDS ever. Seriously, the best beds in Las Vegas.. . And to those complaining about Legionnaire's -- it was confined to one room the entire time; they sent that e-mail out as a courtesy. If you wanted a discount on upcoming trip because of it that's just ridiculous. If you're that bothered/uncomfortable by it there are PLENTY of other properties to choose from.. . I was going to take a star away for the lack of variety/things to do, but I think that I've stayed there so often that it just feels like there isn't much there when in fact they have plenty of restaurants, a pretty good buffet, and a huge pool area.. . Checking in does not take more than 15-20 minutes even on a busy weekend - I was just there Memorial weekend so these people saying they waited AN HOUR might need new clocks. Service is great and friendly and overall it's a very pleasant environment - highly recommended.
This place is awesome.  Most refreshing aroma throughout the gaming area.  Kind of "spa like".  Nice to not feel engulfed by smoke for a change.. . Haven't tried the restaurants yet but the buffet looks fairly interesting.
Every year I fall in LOVE with this superb hotel.  #1 in my book you don't even need to leave City Center to enjoy your stay, Aria gives you that and more,  From the moment you set one foot in the door you know you've arrived, the scent of 5 star hotel takes you into a trance.  The service is beyound 5star and all the restaurants are delicious.....Stay here and you'll fall in love as well.
All I can say is "Wow"! I just returned from a 6 day stay in Vegas with my boyfriend and I have to relay my experience. First of all, we received a call from the hotel 2 days before we were to leave for vacation informing us of a mistake where our confirmation email was sent to another guest. Because of corporate policy, they were obligated to let us know even though none of our credit card or very personal info was leaked. Because of this, we were upgraded to a corner panoramic suite. Why thank you! . . Upon arrival we were greeted by Nancy, the manager who was kind enough to hook us up with 2 buffet comps along with vip passes to the clubs in the hotel (even though we are not club goers in the least I thought it was nice). Our room was amazing!! We were on the 25th floor of a suite that was entirely encased in windows. It really was panoramic. I won't go into complete detail about the room because you can view the suite yourself on youtube. What I will go into detail about is the free stuff (hey I'm a jewess, we love our free stuff). In the bathroom I was surprised to find a disposable razor (I had forgotten mine and my honey was getting annoyed with me using his so this was awesome), shaving cream, a dental kit consisting of the most adorable mini tube of colgate I've ever seen (you better believe I took an extra from the maid's cart), bath salts (whaaaaat?) and the typical shampoo and conditioner. The coolest feature of the room is the electronic setup. I felt like a bond girl every time I pressed a button and the curtains opened to display the most killer view of the strip and then pressed another to flip on a great jazz station to fill the room with mood music. The last thing I will say about the room is the bed. Oh the bed!! If there was a way to get it on the plane, I think I would've bought it. It was like sleeping on a cloud. I thought we had the most comfortable bed at home until I stayed at the Aria. I kept asking if we could remodel our condo to be a replica of the room. . . Now about the restaurants. Unfortunately we were only able to experience the buffet and Julian Serrano so I'll talk about those. The first night we ventured a little late so we were a little limited on choices but thank god Julian Serrano was still open. Very creative menu, which I was hoping to experience in Vegas.  We started with the Pan Manchego, which was basically a fancy schmancy bruschetta only with delicious aged cheese. So good! Small but worth it. Then we tried the the spanish meatballs in the most delicious tomato sauce. Lastly he got the egg ravioli. I"m not really an egg yolk person but my boyfriend was in heaven. The next night we decided to use our buffet vouchers. I am for sure a buffet person so I will hold this experience near and dear to my heart. Now I won't go as far as to compare this to Wicked Spoon or Bellagio or Wynn because I didn't go to those (I did to Buffet of Buffets though, but thats a whole other review). We went around 4 so there was no line at all.The quality was great! Normally even at the nicest buffets I'm a bit wary of the meat items. Not here. The tandoori oven with the naan made right in front of me was one of my favorite parts. They had the typical carving stations, asian stations, italian ect. Pretty standard but much higher quality. The desserts are what I really have to talk about though. Chef Jean Philippe designed the desserts and they are killer!! I am still dreaming of the creme brulee which was the perfect texture with a glassy layer of crystallized sugar. I'm very picky about my creme brulee. They also had bananas foster. Like REAL bananas foster, not just bananas sitting in caramel. I had 2 helpings of that on top of gelato. Overall great dining experiences. . . Lastly the pool. We were given free passes to the Liquid pool lounge so we decided to check it out. We basically walked in, listened to the music (fist pumping douche music), saw that we were the fattest people there and left after we were informed of a $50 food and drink minimum. All our passes got us was in the door. Oh well, we really weren't interested in hanging there anyway.  Their main pools are very nice. Not alot of children running around which was a major plus. Nothing amazing like the Mandalay but pretty. . . Overall, I for sure recommend having your information leaked and staying at the Aria. You will not get your identity stolen and will be well taken care of.
The Aria is a great place to stay. The rooms are ultra modern, comfortable, and very clean. The bed was nice - we slept very well.. . Its City Center location is really convenient. I know that everyone has their own favorite area of the strip and this resort is in one of our favorite sections. Additionally, there are trams that will take you in either direction, which is very welcome.. . The casino at the Aria is pretty good. Much better than a lot of others. It does not smell heavily of smoke, which I really appreciate.. . In terms of food, I have only been to the SkyBox for lunch and that was okay, nothing special, but it was a relatively cheap meal. We've been meaning to try their other eateries and the patisserie, but we always end up eating elsewhere.
It's just so pretty!!. Unfortunately, I didn't stay here..... but I did get to chill at the pool which was wayyy better than TI, where I actually stayed. Aesthetically speaking.....simply gorgeous. It's like eye candy....thats all i can say.. . Looking forward to booking a room here next time!
The modern look and feel of the City Center/Aria is marvelous. I love it all. The suits are really great too...the views are fabulous!. . Highly recommend staying here or at least visiting it when you're in Vegas!
Stayed here on my first visit to Vegas. Would do it again in a heartbeat.. . First, they were courteous and professional to me. I half expected them to toss me out for disrespecting such a classy establishment with my no-good punk look. That's a plus. . . Actually, before that-HOLY CRAP- VANILLA! There's an overwhelming scent of vanilla to this place. I don't know why. I don't know if I can smell it again in normal environments.. . But as everyone has mentioned-ultra modern(a bit daunting at first) rooms and an amazing bed. I hadn't slept so well in forever. All the food in the casino is fantastic, albeit expensive. The whole place is really pricey-but if you're staying anywhere on the strip and you expect otherwise, you're delusional.
The Aria is so beautiful.  The color scheme of dark colored woods are just my style.  The smell of vanilla orange wafting throughout the hotel and casino makes it unbelieveable ... you can't even smell smoke - even in the casino!!!. . The rooms are super clean and very comfortable.  The technology in the room is superb: light switches for everything imaginable in the room from the lights (duh) to the TV to the drapes to the alarm clock to the door lock.  The bathroom was great - a stand-up shower and separate whirlpool bathtub were all enclosed in one area away from the toilet and the rest of the bathroom.  The room decor had abstract art.  I love abstract art. . . My fiance and I love this place!!!
I don't understand why this resort doesn't get five stars from everybody ? I have had a great experience. My jaw remained dropped from the time  I saw Aria building from the distance till I checked out. Employees are efficient, friendly and polite. I liked casino layout. Tables are suited for different pockets. Buffet is the best value for your money. We tried Union restaurant. Food was great !! . I would strongly recommend 10 minute back massage at casino tables. It was very relaxing.
By far one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. From the moment you get there your treated like a king. I suggest the Valet but they do offer a self Parking option.. . Once your inside your nose if over run with the soothing sent of Vanilla. I suggest grabbing a drink at the View Bar right next to the check in desk to get you trip off right. Once you get to your room you'll understand why this Hotel so so great, everything is literally at a fingers touch. . . The casino has a electric vibe and the drink service comes around frequently. Seeing that it's such a hot spot the tables can get crowed, it's not a bad thing... everyone wants to be there. . . I highly suggest Liquid during the day, the crowd is great and the atmosphere is alive. You don't have to purchase a chair or table but I highly suggest you do if your planning on drinking (they give you a minimum to spend, roughly about $100-105). If you don't want to go this route then they have a bag check.. . Dinner is amazing in any of the number of restaurants they offer. As for the nightlife... you can't go wrong. Whether your in the mood for a club (Haze) or just a lounge you have a wide range to choose from and you wont go wrong with you choice.. . I'm already looking forward to my next trip.
If I was ever homeless in Vegas, I would definitely choose this hotel to park myself and my "need $$ for 'insert something witty'" sign. This place is frekn amazing. The color scheme and the decor are both ultra modern and classy. The entire hotel smells like fresh vanilla and is just perfect..none of that gross cigarette and cursed slot machine stench at this place. . . The rooms themselves are incredible with a bunch of high tech remotes to control all aspects of the room. Definitely one of those 'ahh i don't want to leave the hotel room' hotels. Beware though, the mini-fridge is fullyyyyyyy stocked with tempting liquor and candy to take advantage of the 4am wasted hotel guest. My will power definitely failed me on holding me back from the evil fridge. . . For all you gym rats, aria has an incredible gym thats right next to their equally awesome pool with all the fancy shmancy gym equipment that puts 24 hr fitness to shame. They also have an incredible poker room that's full pretty much 24/7 but the wait is no longer that say 10 mins or so for a non-tournament table. . . Another thing that makes Aria incredible is that its connected to the city center and a quick walk from the cosmopolitan, if marquee happens to be one of the spots you plan to hit up. There's also a free tram that takes you up to bellagio which makes up for the not so hot location of aria on the strip. . . Also, I dare you not to try the Jean Phillipe gelato downstairs. It'll change your life.
(Jul 8 - Jul 13 2011) I stayed here with my wife only because of a great package deal with Southwest Airlines Vacations. I wanted something special so I went for a 5-diamond hotel at a good price.  For $950 we received airfare, 5 nights at Aria in a King Deluxe "Suite", one free buffet everyday (for each of us) at any MGM Grand Hotel (excluded Bellagio) plus a few other goodies. . . Upon arrival I requested a free upgrade to a City View room and was happily upgraded (a $300-$700 value depending on dates and availability).  There was a $650 security deposit held on my debit card. If this is a problem, don't use a debit card. NOTE: they never charged my account, however; the transaction showed pending and was removed once I checked out. The staff at the Aria tried to remove this hold prior to my checking out (due to the fact that I lost my wallet and had no way to any money) but my bank wouldn't release it. The staff went above and beyond to try to assist me. BTW, my wallet was returned (minus the cash). . . The room is no longer called a suite and that is good. It isn't really a suite. It's a comfortably sized (not big) room with a killer bed. Seriously, the bed, linens and pillows were to die for - a great luxury after a long night on the town. . . Room service is twice a day. There is safe for you to use in your room. I won't go into the technology because everyone writes about it. I'll just say that the room is pimped out. :). . The shower is very nice (but slippery) and crazy HOT!  We soaked our feet in the separate tub (using Epsom salt purchased from the nearby CVS). The first time I just turned on the hot water and filled the tub. Holy hot water! Seriously dangerously hot!  Make sure not to make the same mistake. The bathroom was spacious and clean. . . The minibar was ridiculously priced ($11. for a bottle of water). I locked ours and never touched it. Good thing CVS is right around the corner. . . The casino was nice. Not too smoky for me. The vanilla did a good job of masking the smell and the ventilation system was doing its job. Speaking of the casino, there were some problems with payouts. The computers weren't recognizing the payout tix. This happened twice. The staff worked hard to fix the problem and went around asking if everything was working properly for a couple of days. . . We ate the buffet @ Aria a few times (due to a busy schedule). It was good. Desserts were great! It wasn't as good as Cravings at the Mirage or Bayside Buffet @ Mandalay Bay. To be fair, we only went to the lunch buffet. . . We had no problems with customer service. We weren't treated like royalty (but we aren't royalty). I received better customer service here than at most places I've stayed. . . The hotel is beautiful. The walk to the strip takes a couple of minutes. Then again, getting anywhere in Vegas (just trying to find a place to cross the street) takes longer than usual. CVS is right there and Walgreens is nearby. The bus route is near but you have to buy tickets at Paris.. . All-in-all, we had a great stay. I gave it five stars because I couldn't give it 4 and a half. It wasn't perfect, but it was awesome.
Re Aria penthouse sky suites: comfortable, modern, great in-room technology (all interfaces for playing your own music and video). I posted some pictures of the common room, bar, dining room. Great views of the strip.
Ok..... so we got a little bit spoiled this time. My boyfriend is ballroom dancer and one of his student has connections to all the hotels in Vegas so that everytime we went to Vegas, the trips were paid for. However, we would just get regular rooms. BUT, recently his student's best friend was promoted to the president of ARIA so for our recent trip, we stayed in the penthouse sky suite. IT WAS SOOOOO BREATHTAKING!!! I wish I could live there. The view was spectacular, the room was nicely decorated, the hotel itself provided so many things to do. What else can you ask for?. . Upon entering the hotel, it took my breath away. The decoration was amazing and I love the smell of fresh vanilla. Due to that, the casino doesn't smell like smoke at all! It was such a relief.. . When we entered our suite, I just had to let out a gasp. It's so gorgeous. I especially love the modern and classy, yet simple, decoration of the room. It is definitely my style. The hotel itself is very high-tech. There were remotes to control the whole room. Our bathroom consists of a shower and a bathtub with LOTS of space. You will definitely feel like a king in this hotel. Our fridge and minibar was filled with goodies and someone would come by once a day to restock. Room service was also amazing. We would leave the room and when we came back, EVERYTHING was neatly folded and placed in the right spots. I remember throwing my makeup all over the place in the bathroom because I was in such a rush. When we came back, all my makeup was neatly placed. My hair straightener was neatly wrapped with the cord. My makeup pouch was zipped back up. My papers and accessories on the nighstand were also neatly placed. AMAZING.. . Once you come to this hotel, you really feel like there isn't a need to leave. EVERYTHING is here. There's spa, swimming pools, hair salons, massaging rooms, nail salon, the list goes on. There is lots of everything.. . We only had one mishap during the trip. When my boyfriend gave his car to the valet guy the previous night, his gas tank was half filled. The next day when we got it, it was on EMPTY!!! We were pretty pissed. But I guess we can let half a gas tank go in return for a free trip to Vegas with alcohol, food, limo service, room, and show tickets all free of charge. I heard the suite itself is $600/night.. . If you have lots of money to spend and enjoy the luxury, I suggest you stay here. This has now became one of my favorite hotel and I think I will request to stay here everytime I go. I seriously can go on and on about this place.
Walking into this hotel (specifically the room) was like walking into the year 2020, no kidding!. . We stayed here on a Thursday night and got the basic room for $120, what they don't tell you is at check out, you get nicked for a $22 resort fee + tax... But considering the rooms are usually $180-$200, the $120 price was decent.. . You walk into the room, the curtains open and the TV comes on with your name on it, the Time and indoor / outdoor temps. The entire room can be controlled by one "tablet" looking remote that includes lights, curtains, TV, radio, all volumes... Pretty much anything with an on/off switch or is plugged in can be controlled by this universal remote, AMAZING. . . My favorite part, we set our "wake up call" to be the curtains opening, the lights coming on and the TV coming on... SO COOL! The bathroom was pretty standard, but stone everything.... . PROS: Room control, modern look, location on the strip, 3 free pools and the bed was really nice and soft!. . CONS: Wait time at check in (15 minutes), high resort fee, prices for things in the hotel were steep ($6 for a coffee), overall hotel cost was high (~ $140 after taxes and fees).. . I would probably come back here, but not for the standard rate... But it was sure fun to do it once! If the price was a little more competitive to other hotels on the strip ($80-$120) I think they would make a killing!
I stayed here with my gf and a group of friends about two weeks ago, I instantly fell in love with this hotel. I have never stayed in a place as nice and hi tech as the Aria. It's right smack in the middle of the city center. I will do my best to not stay anywhere else!
Automatic EVERYTHING!. . This room is super high tech, and you control everything - the curtains, lights, air, etc. - from your remote. Everything worked perfectly, and they even had an outlet/jack for all of your gadgets. I was able to play my iPod through the TV...sweet!. . The bathroom is probably what won me over though. They have a shower suite (this was just a standard room) with a rain shower and a tub inside the same place. So what did I do? Crank up the hot water and make my own steam room...nothing better to sweat out the Vegas. Also, the shower had a bench and I always give one star for this feature. I love me a shower bench. . . The bed was super soft and comfy...had tons of pillows and sheets over everything, so you know you are laying clean and not on someone's yucky comforter. . . I liked this room better than any I've stayed in in Vegas. Better than Bellagio (by far), better than The Hotel, Mandalay, MGM, Venitian, etc. . . Please comp me again so I can come back!
This hotel is great! wide selection of machines, table games, restaurants and service is great too.
I've stayed here for a majority of my visits to Vegas, and I have to say it's my favorite so far! Besides the luxurious nature of the suites, what gives it an edge is the lovely vanilla smell of the casino floor! Most hotels have a stale, second-hand smoke flavor to the air, sometimes so strong I get a headache. Aria on the other hand, smells clean and new every time, and I have no problem hanging around the casino or eating at the restaurants.. . I also love the diversity of the pool environment. You can go to the party day club, Liquid, or just chill and get your tan on by the pools or in the cabanas. I've never had an issue with poor customer service either. The staff is friendly, service is fast and quality is great!
Got a great deal on Jetsetter.com for a 3 night stay at the Aria!. . As soon as we stepped foot into the hotel, I already knew I was going to like it here.. . The rooms are nice and everything is automatic. I LOVE the fact that you can press one button (the goodnight button) and everything in your room shuts off.. . Aria has some amazing restaurants to choose from.. . The pool area is nice but they lack on service when ordering a drink. Took forever and not enough servers to handle all those people.. . This hotel is expensive and it's expensive to gamble but the whole atmosphere is great, beautiful hotel!
My family and I stayed at the Aria last night. The rooms was amazing.. The king size bed was to die for. And yes the 3 pools are lovely. We had a wonderful time and would stay again when in Vegas. Thank you Aria
What a wonderful experience! From valet to our last day checking out.. . I reserved the corner suite 3 months in advance for Friday and Saturday nights. As the date got closer, we decided to come in a day earlier and reserved a deluxe king with city view since the corner suite was all sold out. As we arrived, we chose to park our car through the valet service and they were helpful. As we entered the hotel, we were greeted by a staff member that was really friendly. Made us feel welcomed. Check in was a breeze. We went up to our room and it was clean and modern. The bed was sooo comfortable and so were the pillows! I thought this was all we needed and was going to settle for the deluxe room and cancel the corner suite. . . We had room service for breakfast and it did not disappoint. My boyfriend got the steak breakfast and it was yum! I got the breakfast burritos and it was huge! Time to call down to see if the corner suite was ready and it was! We then switched rooms and the corner suite was even better than the deluxe. The bathrooms was plenty big. I'm glad I didn't cancel the corner suite. There were two bathrooms. One with a bidet. There was a nice separate tub you can relax in while watching tv in the bathroom. There were two sinks and there was mouthwash, bath salts and a razor. House keeping came twice a day. They cleaned up everything and even organized our things in the bathroom. . . Of course, there was the pad, where you control the lights, curtains,tv, etc. My boyfriend loved that for sure. Nothing in our room was malfunctioning. Everything worked like a charm. . . Later Friday night, we ordered room service again. The seared scallops. Oh my god! They are so delicious! Came in a timely manner even though it was past midnight. . . Sunday morning came and i was sad. I didn't want to leave but i had to. Check out was fast. . . I would come back to the Aria again! It was such a wonderful experience!
My wife and I stayed here for our 10 year over labor day weekend.  It was awesome.  VERY clean, upscale and beautiful.  We had a blast.  It is a little pricey but well worth it.
I use to stay at the Monte Carlo every time i went to Vegas.  On New Years Eve 2010, i went to stay at the Aria. This hotel has a very modern / upscale design.  Very clean and elegant.  Makes the older hotels, Monte Carlo and Treasure Island look old and outdated.  . . The buffet at the Aria has a great selection of food and beverages.  The pool and jacuzzi are exquisite and huge.  Definitely coming back next year!
LOVE!!! My bff booked us a room for my 30th bday and we both had a wonderful experience.  The pool was so relaxing, food was good. Decor was so pretty. I would def. go back but it's just so expensive and I don't get why we have to pay an extra facility fee, shouldn't it be included in the price of the hotel?
I booked this hotel through bookit.com as a mystery 5 star hotel which you have no idea which hotel you are getting until you press confirm. I was super stoked to see that I was staying here because it's one of the new hotels on the strip. Upon arrival, we were greeted promptly at our car as we pooled up for valet. It's Vegas you gotta do Valet for FREE!. . Then we entered we Aria doors...Ahhh, that amazing smell of vanilla freshness and not old smelly and smokey. We arrived at 1pm and our room was ready! Alright, no waiting till 3pm and we asked for a late check out. There normal check out is 11am but we were able to check out at 2pm...HIGH FIVE!. . The hotel is super nice. The rooms were nice which sensors your coming because once we walked in the lights turned on and window shades opened. Wow! Oh, door sign for " do not disturb" NOT more like setting that feature on your tv and TADA!! . . We had so much fun at the casino playing blackjack and the dealers are friendly. Of course, all dealers are different but we found one that was really cool and gave some winning pointers. We had so much here that we got chocolate wasted at there Deuces Lounge Bar after winning a couple hands at blackjack.. . This hotel has so much to offer from shopping, clubbing, bar hopping, pool and more. We also went home with their hotel feather downed pillows!! We bought them  their  element gift shop for $20 each.. . I would definitely stay here again!
After my recent stay her for my Birthday Weekend... I can honestly say I've been made a huge fan! The hotel itself is trendy, hip and stylish. The decor is very Asian inspired crossed with a little whimsy Alice in Wonderland style! . . - While there is a Casino on the main floor  and smoking is allowed waltzing through it was tolerable even for someone who strongly hates cigarette smoke like I do! Check in was a Breeze! Steven at the Front Desk was very courteous and sweet and placed our room a the top floor!! . . - Love the Fountain wall outside. Talk about Scenic? Good 'kodak' moments to be had there.. . - Rooms were large, and very tech-savvy. All i know is the "Goodnight" button that shuts of everything is wonderful. The blackout shades will be the death of me! The rooms are so dark you'll have a hard time telling if it time to wake up!  . . - The bed... let me tell you I've stayed at VARIOUS hotels before and the ARIA bed with the double pillow top is simply irresistible! Best bed I've ever slept in... like sinking in clouds. . . - The bathrooms were wonderfully spacious with "His" & "Her" sinks, but in my case "His" and "His". also a large bathtub with an extended shower. . . - The hotel is conveniently located close to everything. KRAVE (among others) was simply right down the street! love that..  . - My only gripe with the place is the 12:30pm late check out! What??? That's like regular checkout for other hotels. That's weird! Other than that I will definitely be staying again when I visit Sin City!
I stayed here for 3 nights for a work conference. Put bluntly, this is the nicest hotel I've stayed at in my entire life. The entire hotel appears to be upgraded to 2011 technology.  The rooms are amazing with your environment fully controlled by a computerized system. Everything from the lights to the curtains to checkout  (receipt will be emailed to you)) can be done with a remote control through your massive flat screen TV. Even if you need to check out in the lobby, there are employees walking around with iPads who will take you out of line and expedite the process. . . The bathroom has by far the nicest shower I've ever experienced in a hotel. Only in a luxury apartment in Tokyo have I used something in the same league. It's HUGE with a separate tub and shower-head and beautifully designed. My only complaint is that the water pressure could have been better. I know Vegas has water issues so I don't blame them for toning it down.. . The hotel has many restaurant options spanning all types of cuisines and budgets. The seminar I attended provided most of the meals, but I did dine casually at the sports bar one night and enjoyed it. The casino is also very well ventilated and the smoking never really bothered me (I am someone extremely sensitive to smoke). . . This is not a cheap hotel by Vegas standards, but I've had an amazing experience and would certainly return in the future.
I fully agree with the other reviews on this page, but let me sum it up and add my 2 cents.  First of all, ARIA is a lot of fun to stay in, as the casino is huge and the rooms are too.  The bathroom is big, luxurious, and reminds me of the bathroom I had living in a mansion in Shanghai, China a few years ago.  The room is very technologically advanced and everything can be controlled from your TV.   Also the room service is very complete and provides you everything you need, whether it is enough bath towels, tissues, bed sheets, pillows, body lotion, shampoo, you name it!. . The pool is very big, and Haze nightclub and Gold Lounge are great at night.  I wasn't a huge fan of Haze, but Gold Lounge has a fantastic open bar from 10-12 on certain nights for just $20.  You can't beat that in Vegas!  Speaking of which, the mini bar prices are reasonable and very complete in its inventory. The location of the hotel was very convenient as well.  Finally, I was impressed by the amount of security at the resort and felt safe.. . The only two things I didn't like about ARIA is that there involved a lot of walking from the garages to the rooms to checkout, etc.. However the hotel does a good job of making checkout very convenient (by text, email, or in person).  Also, this may be just from my experience, but the casino here is very unlucky.  I have lost all the money I bet and sometimes even felt the roulette tables were rigged.  I mean, what are the odds of 3 0's in a row then 9 reds in a row?  Apparently likely enough to happen when I bet half of my life savings on black.
Again, I was not a guest here, but simply an admirer.  The view of the hotel from the footpath is breathtaking.  The hotel is set back from the Strip a bit so there is a visual sense of depth and grandeur.  The facade waterfalls that alternated speeds were really quite beautiful.  The lobby is very modern and the casino's air didn't seem as smokey as others. . . I was nearing my home base at Excalibur and decided to stop here because I felt lucky.  I approached the cashier and asked to exchange cash for tokens.  Ah, wrong!  The cashier kindly says, 'the machines take cash now, sir.'  Ah, how embarrassing!  It's been ten years since I've been to Vegas and a lot has changed, including no tokens.  LMAO!!. . Trying not to be unnerved by my experience,  I head to the video poker and play a few.  Then I move to the 1 cent machines and start having amazing luck.  After just $5, I'm winning close to $80.  Very nervous that I'm going to lose it all, I slam on the cash out button and head back to the cashier with my voucher and receive my cash.  Not a gambler, I hurriedly stuff my winnings into my wallet and head back to Excalibur for a quick dip in their pool to take advantage of my resort fees.. . #Yelp 365:  048/365
What a beautiful hotel! I really almost wasn't prepared for what I saw when I got there. The casino floor, restaurants, and ground level are all amazing. The room was simple, yet elegant and had a lot of nice touches. We had a great view of the Vdara and Cosmopolitan hotels. The pool really deserves a review of its own. It was like a whole different place from the hotel, a lush, tropical land with at least 3 separate pools. All on all the Aria is a great stay!
Tall Skyscraper Buildings.. Everywhere... Am I in New York?? No, I'm at Aria and City Center in Las Vegas!! Aria was recently opened within the last year near the heart of Vegas right next to the Cosmopolitan and somewhat across the street from Planet Hollywood. The Taxi/Limo drop off/pick up area is amazing, which leaves me to wonder how fabulous the interior of the hotel must be... I definitely was not let down. The interior consists of a contemporary look with dim lighting in certain areas of the lobby. There are plenty of chairs and even a nice lounge in the lobby so guests can sit and wait for family and friends to get ready or to meet up a business partner. Make sure to drop by Aria when you're in Vegas for some eye-opening sites.
Parking garage is a little confusing to get into. But once in great layout. Friendly employees. Slot machines pay out really well for being on the strip. Lots of nice shops and prices aren't bad.
Been to Vegas six times now, the last three times I have stayed at The Aria and there's a mighty fine reason why, it's good. Very good. . . Room - I've stayed in the standard deluxe room twice and the 2 bedroom penthouse.The rooms were always clean and tidy, contain alot of mod cons (an ipad style control for the curtains, lights and tv). The rooms are plenty big enough and the decor is nice and neutral. . . Lobby - mixed bag here really, depends when your staying. The queues can be long and slow moving at both check in and the concierge desk which was the case over spring break and summer, of they can be just a few people deep. They have plenty of desks though and the staff are always pleasant enough.. . Casino - all the usual table games are accounted for here as well as a huge number of bandits, there's a partially secluded poker room and a number of bars and eateries along the outer walls. Again, the casino is tidy and not tacky like alot of other casino floors on the strip. It's also well lit and not as much as a labrynth like the Bellagio or the Venetian.. . Pool - the pool area is great, three seperate pools and  numerous jacuzzi's mean there's plenty of room to have a dip, even at peak times. Food and drink can be expensive but it's a great spacious place to chill in the Sun until it closes at 6pm.. . I recommend this hotel to everyone I know if they go to Vegas, I'm yet to encounter any problems and the hotel is situated in a great location, it's basically shifted the centre of the strip to where it stands. I saw the Elvis Cirque show here too, I'd rate it 3/5 and would recommend seeing 'O' or 'Mystere' instead. The clientele here usually sway towards the upper class and you don't get many drunken muppets, well, until I'm back next February  :D
We got a great internet price which helped us decide on Aria for our latest trip. I'm glad we did! The rooms are really nice and the bed is beyond comfortable. Great restaurants, room service, and awesome pools. But the thing that puts Aria above other hotels in Vegas for me is the service. Every single employee was warm and friendly on top of being competent. I loved our stay this past weekend. Can't wait to visit again.
love the rooms, the food and the casino. drink service in the casino is awesome!
Aria is great, the Casino is great and the food sold in the restaurants is good. I love the scent at Aria and would go back again. Loved it.
Ahhhhhhhhhh the only thing I didn't get to do in this hotel was sleep in the room :(  Don't worry though...I'LL BE BACK!!!!!. . This hotel is the bomb.  I was originally supposed to stay here but due to some unforeseen circumstances things changed.  . . I must also say that even though, I'm not a big gambler, since it was my birthday I had to play a little something. I decided to spend my bucks and chance my luck at the Aria casino and what do you know...$20 bucks in and $87 bucks later I was a winner :)  YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . They also had wonderful paintings around the hotel which really caught my eye!
Beeeaaaauuutttiiful hotel!!!. . I stayed here this summer when i was in town on business and was super impressed. I LOVED the room. The decor was chic and contemporary and it had some really cool features. You will find a remote control next to your bed. With that remote you can: dim the lights, close the day curtains, and turn on romantic jazz music..... ?!? So cool! Also, the room come complete with a mini bar and a really huge bathtub.. . Definitely recomend!!
If you like finer things in life and technology excites you, Aria is your home away from home in Las Vegas.. . Rooms: Fantastic. When you first walk in, the curtains automatically draw to show you the exquisite view of the strip, the lights slowly get brighter, and jazz comes on subtley to welcome you into an exquisite and chic room. The bathroom is a treat- his & hers sinks, marble floors, and a massive bathtub. Oh, and if you forgot to turn off the lights and put out your "privacy please" sign on the door while you're in bed? No worries- there is a remote control pad on your nightstand to take care of all of that.. . Restaurants: There is not a bad restaurant here.. Breakfast buffet is fantastic. I'd suggest getting their bloody mary at this hotel. I've never had one better in my life. For a mid-morning snack, grab some delicate pastries at the patisserie. For dinner, go to Julian Serrano's tapas restaurant and the Union steakhouse. You will NOT regret it one bit.. . Just outside the hotel, there are magnificent shops and art studios. Try Eva Longoria's restaurat, or Wolfgang Puck's pizzeria that is just steps away from Aria. Monte Carlo is attached to Aria in walking distance and a tram takes you from Aria to Bellagio.
Love Aria. Rooms are fantastic. Location is the best and fabulous comp policies. M life is great. Todd English pub ( as you walk out of aria and into Crystals) is fabulous place for quick bite.. Staff is great and smoke is very minimal. Used to stay only at Bellagio..like Aria more.
Nice, nice, nice! Clean and high technology in rooms! Nice pool!
Favorite hotel in Vegas. Reserve the 2 Bedroom Aria Sky Suite. It is amazing.
This is my favorite Las Vegas Hotel. You pretty much have everything you need there in the hotel, meaning restaurants, bars, great tables, great pool, lounges, etc. . . The rooms are beautiful, and I love the decor.. . It's a small hotel, so easy to get around.. . Love LIQUID on a Friday or Saturday. It can get pricey, but it's worth it. They have much classier people then, say, Rehab or the other day parties.. . The Thai restaurant, Lemongrass, was very yummy, reasonable, and many vegetarian options.. . Saw Viva Elvis, loved it. BUT loved LOVE at Mirage a little better. Depends if you like Elvis or Beatles music more, but I recommend both.. . Gold Bar is trying to be a little too clubby. If you want a good lounge, go down stairs to Deuces Lounge. . . Don't forget to check out The Cosmopolitan next door!
Oh Sky Villa, how much I miss you! . . Cleanest, freshest, sexiest hotel in all of Las Vegas. . . Even the air is perfumed with this erotic and intoxicating aroma!. After a long day of tanning, pooling and clubbing, nothing beats bringing the after-after party back to the villa and partying in the huge steam shower and splashing in the enormous tub! . . A+ for Aria!
I can not fathom why this hotel has an average of three and a half stars. These people have no clue what they are talking about. Aria is fantastic in every possible way. Trust me, I've stayed in many hotels in Vegas from the low-end (Golden Gate) to high-end (Encore) and Aria is perfect.. . The beds are huge and comfortable, and I had no problem figuring out the console to control the lighting and curtains. I really appreciated being able to fix them at a whim. Frosted glass bathroom is a tad weird, but I never share bathrooms with guys (and I wasn't with guys both times I've stayed here) so that wasn't a big deal for me. . . Where Aria really shines is in its restaurants and bars: Deuce Lounge, Jean-George, Julian Serano & City Bar all had fantastic bartenders with loads of food and beverage experience. If you want to know what's up with this town, you ask a bartender -- they have seen it all. I also really loved the sandwiches at Jean Phillipe Patisserie and the 24 hour cafe ain't too bad (here's a hint: keep your order very, very simple). . . Yes, there is a resort fee, yes the smell of vanilla is overwhelming, and yes, it is not done in the same over the top gaudy 80s casino style that people want to cling to. But hey -- times are changing. Things can't stay the same forever. Let go of that old stuff and get with the new.
great place, love the location - about mid strip - at the heart of city center.  great casino and poker room, nice entertainment.  i prefer some of the other clubs and bars, but Aria has some nice lounges, very upscale ultra feel.  . . room are crazy awesome, unless you don't like modern design.  i love the shower / bath combo rooms.  you could take a showebath,  or a bathower.  adult pool can be lame most of the time, so don't waste your money, sometimes it can be great though - so it's like fishing - might be biting, might not be.  . . at full price, this might be closer to 4 stars, but there are always specials to be found.  at the price, i wouldn't hesitate a full 5.  just don't expect the level of service as you might have somewhere that's costs 5 times as much.  you have to weigh value into your ranking.  Aria has great value.
We are currently staying at Aria for 8 nights. Great service as always! Very nice suite with strip view and limo transportation courtesy of my husband's host. I have always favored Mandalay Bay but not anymore, they can definitely improve on their service.  There is such a big difference now that we have been staying here so often.  The most comfortable beds, pillows and bath robes you will ever come across.  Love the in-room technology, I am able to control the curtains, lighting and temperature in the bedroom, living room and bathroom with the little screen next to the bed.  You can set the alarm waking up to music selection or tv, curtains opening, lighting and temperature adjustment.  It's perfect. Stay here and you won't be disappointed! It is still new so the casino area is not as smokey as other casinos and they have great ventilation.  There are a lot of tables andslot games to choose from and my husband and I are currently infatuated with Aria's high limit Spin Lounge.  They encourage everyone to go inside, even if it's just for a visit.  Great hotel and we will be staying here again in January for another 7 nights.
I've stayed at numerous properties on the LV strip, but I'd have to say that this is byfar my favorite for a leisurely weekend in Sin City.. . Comparing this hotel to other properties and Cosmo, here are my observations:. . ARIA: Disappointed by the pool/lounge furniture.  Plastic.  Water quality was pretty disguesting.  I had just stayed at Caesar's Palace a few days prior and hands-down, Caesar's has a nicer pool area (ambience, and comfortability in their outdoor furniture).  At ARIA, loved the single touch panels that controled the lights, blinds, TV, etc.  The amenities were modern and new.  I was pleased that although it's within the City Center complex, it was relatively quiet and you're out of the hustle and bustle that you'd find at Cosmo.  Obviously, it's not convenient to other "attractions" on the strip, but if you plan on staying at the property for some R&R this would be it!
5-star quality from a 5-star hotel. We came here for my birthday and we got a Sky Suite, which came with a limo to pick us up and drop us off to the airport, super comfy bath slippers, our own personal entrance/exit in and out of the hotel, personal doorman, and more. Our room was super high-tech, where everything such as lights, music, TV, and temperature was controlled by a screen pad. We had fun playing with this although it was a little hard to figure out at first. All in all, a wonderful stay. Def the best hotel on the strip.
I loooooove this place, I am little late on writing this review, i was there with my wife last year this place is amazing Kirk kerikorian is smart, he build new type of resort that no other casinos have in vegas. I will highly recommend to stay and enjoy what Aria and city center has to offer.
Got an awesome deal through vegas.com to stay on a Sunday.  This is such an awesome hotel, I don't know where to begin.  It is clean, does not smell like ass, and the beds are very comfy.  We had a great view, and were able to take advantage of room service because of our resort credit.The food was awesome, and arrived when they said it would.  Will stay here again when the wallet recovers from a week of Vegas debauchery!
I am a HUGE fan of Aria.. . I love the architecture, design, feel and energy of this place.  If you like modern then this is place to be.  If you like hip, relevant decor and people then this is the place to be.  Great layout for a casino, great specials on rooms when they have them and truly in the center of the strip.  You can go to Crystals to shop or walk over to Bellagio for the water fountain show.  This place has it all!
I was prepared to like, not love, this hotel, and it really exceeded my expectations.  I thought the rooms were as nice as those at Encore, which is a very, very high standard.  The bathroom layout in particular, with the shower and tub separate but next to each other, was awesome.  The bed was very soft and comfortable, the electronic controls were cool, and the staff was very friendly to us.  I love the smell of the place and that it is so new.  The resort fee is no fun, but the fitness center you get to use for free is very nice, with free bottled water and scented wet towels to cool you down.  . . The location is better than that of the Encore, and the price we paid was also considerably less than what the Wynn was going for this weekend.  All in all, a very nice place to stay that is worth the extra money over the many four star hotels that surround it.
We had a terrific experience at this hotel.  All the staff were exceptionally warm and friendly.  The rooms were fantastic (loved the remote controlled curtains, what can I say I am easily entertained).  The casino staff in particular were friendly and fun (plus I won!).  Food was great, particularly American Fish and Lemongrass.  The one strange item was the hotel lobby.  Don't self park and schlep your bags.
The hotel room has a lot of wonderful and cool electronics. I love the automatic curtains and touch pad that allows me to control everything. In addition I had two refrigerators in my room. I don't know if everyone's room is like that, but that was really useful. I would recommend this hotel.
My girlfriend and I stayed at the Aria over the Thanksgiving holiday.  After getting a recommendation from a friend who stayed at the Aria this past summer and doing a great deal of research on the Internet, we chose the Aria. What an amazing experience! I have a passion for staying in nice hotels and have very high expectations. The Aria exceeded my expectations. Love love love the hotel and room decor. Classy. Refined. Tasteful. Warm. Contemporary/Up-to-date/Hi-Tech design and decorating that I really appreciate. (IOW, not tacky, gaudy or Disney-like) Check out the room photos on their website. Everything was squeaky clean. The staff well trained, friendly and professional. Although we didn't gamble in the Aria casino we did spend a lot of time in the bars and restaurants in or near the casino. The Aria casino was, by far, the best ventilated casino that we toured, and, the best looking. The fact that the Aria is right next to my new favorite shopping area, Crystals, make this hotel even more appealing. If you like to shop in high-end boutiques, this is the mall for you. It's like walking down Rodeo Drive or Worth Avenue. My gf and I toured at least a half-dozen other well known hotels/casino's, and for our needs, none of them compared to the Aria. I can't say enough good things about the Aria. What an amazing hotel.
Very beautiful, excellent decor. I liked their casino a lot and spent a lotof time in there. I loved the smell as well. Generally speaking I hate most of the faux fancy decor in most Vegas hotels, but this is probably the exception. Well designed for sure. . . Jean-Phillipe's is excellent and I basically ate there every day.
Great hotel with a very nice and friendly staff.  From what I can remember...it was bachelor party weekend and maybe I was seeing mirages everywhere but it was cool.  Never had a dull moment and everything was on point.
I always stay at Aria when I am in Vegas... Clean, well-decorated, modern rooms with really comfortable beds. Nice and rarely crowded gym. Great spa (recently had the best massage of my life with Pablo). Clean and good service throughout. My favorite part though is that it is busy enough to seem 'alive' but WITHOUT the insane touristy crowd as at Bellagio.
I stayed at the aria with my bestie a couple of months ago and we are coming back to stay here this month. I absolutely LOVE everything about this casino. I love the great service we get. The restaurants here are delicious. The rooms are amazing! Everything is so modern and the view from our room is spectacular! With a touch of a button, I can control everything. The beds are super comfy and fluffy. The room service is yummy. The desserts downstairs from the famous pastry chef is orgasmic! I have only good things to say about this place. ^_~
One stay at the Aria and Im a believer..great service,food and a quality gym have me . headed back in the future. Upon checking in we were told that our room was upgraded to a sky suite with view. Fantastic room overlooking west Las Vegas. Food credit for 100.00 bought us 4/2people buffets..dinner was exceptional with shrimp,crab legs, prime rib and lovely desserts. Everywhere we went in the hotel found us being greeted by friendly employees.2 nites here and I was ready for a week..see you next time Aria.
This review is for the Aria Sky Suites one bedroom Penthouse.. . After one night in a corner suite which was awesome...was upgraded to Aria one bedroom penthouse in the Sky Suites.. . The Hotel within the Hotel works at Aria for sure. I have seen and stayed in many impressive suites but I must say the one bedroom penthouse was the most gorgeous 2000 sq feet I've set my bare feet on in Vegas. . . If your lucky enough to spend time in the Sky Suites your Vegas experience will dramatically change for the better just because of the sq footage and the modernistic gorgeous layout.The bathroom is pretty amazing as well... I'd rather not give too many details away anyway since the stay was impressive. Check the internet for more details.. . Oh I hadn't stayed in a MGM property since 2002 but  followed my Mlife offers. I registered for an Aria offer right off Mlife.com  They will be seeing me again soon. Most likely not in the penthouse though
Very modern hotel of which not even one thing i did not like. i was stupid to have chosen Mandalay Bay over Aria for my Vegas trip last week! Mandalay Bay was just A-OK at best, but Aria (from the previous trip about 2 years ago) was great! Also, the room rate is usually not steep and pretty affordable :)  for sure going back to Aria next time!!
You will love it here~~
I rate 5 of 5 stars for the 5 DiamondAria Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. What can I say? Life is good; life is GREAT at Aria! As a long time Vegas visitor, I have stayed at most of the hotels on the strip. Simply said, my new home in Vegas is Aria. The rooms are modern and elegant, food services impressive and the whole site a  wonder to see. If you can't find me around here, easy, look for me at Aria!
We have stayed at Aria on two separate occasions.  On our last visit we had a great room with a view of the strip.  We found the staff very helpful and look forward to our next trip to Vegas!
My husband and I stayed in one of the skysuites and our entire trip was amazing. We spent the majority of our time at the hotel; spa, pool, restaurants, gaming, etc. The entire resort is clean and well kept. Room was quiet, view was gorgeous. The atmosphere is fantastic for our 30-something age range. . . And, best mojito I've ever had.. . We will absolutely return to the Aria as our favorite place in Vegas.
The service is impeccable at Aria, from your first experience with the check-in staff to the housekeeping and dining staff. I ended up needing to change rooms and extend my stay, and they bent over backwards trying to make it as painless as possible given that I needed to do it past the normal checkout time.. . It's lovely inside and out, and the rooms are very high tech and cool - perhaps a bit TOO high tech, since I couldn't figure out the lighting and TV system even dead sober. Whomever designed the user interface on the room system needs to go back and re-think a few things. All of the controls are "hidden" in the alarm clock, which is actually a touch-screen room manager, which they don't tell you when you check in. Once you figure it out, though, it's kinda cool to set your wakeup experience to be softly elevating lights, an automatic opening of the blackout drapes, and soothing music or TV.. . I don't know what the beef is about the towels, but maybe they changed softener recently. I didn't notice them one way or the other. Loved the little amenities like robes that were generously sized. I could see this being a romantic spot. The best thing of all? The queen sized mattresses! I switched rooms from king to two queens, and I seriously didn't want to get out of bed the next day. It was like heaven...I checked the label and they were custom made Sealy Posturpedic ultraplush something or other. Now I don't think I'll be happy until I own one.. . I'd stay here again if money wasn't an issue - the price was pretty high for a Vegas hotel, and doubled during CES conference.
Pros: beautiful hotel. high tech rooms. friendly staff. great poker games. very clean. good location. . Cons: the complimentary soap and shampoo could have smelled better. the blackjack dealers take your money. . #winning
Came here few months back in November for Bday parties, pretty much have nothing to complain about, nice, clean, modern, perfect location. Of course you have to throw down some guap, but if u wanna live the life you got to pay the price....but it wasn't that pricey. Some friends were livin the life a lil better over at the PH Towers and it was nice there too, TV projector, hot tub, kitchen.  But until I'm livin the life for reals, you can catch me most of the time at Monte Carlo or Excaliber
Let me be clear, I hate Vegas.  I hate the zombie people, the filth, the smoke, and packs stupid girls living out their version of Jersey Shore drama.. . The moment I walked through the doors of the Aria, any fears that I had of being back in Sin City were assuaged.  A blast of sweet vanilla scented air enveloped me as I walked in--the first clue that this is not going to be your typical Vegas experience.  The lobby is sleek and it felt like I was walking into the lobby of a W Hotel.  No ridiculous lines to check in or batches of bridal shower bimbos.  The experience is upscale from the start.  From a smooth and easy check in, I went to the concierge, who immediately booked a table for me at Sage (fantastic!), then off I went to the 54th floor.  YES, the 54th floor baby! Free upgrade at check in--THAT was nice.. . The moment I opened the door to the room, the lights came on and the curtains drew back automatically.  The lighting, heat, and entertainment area all controlled by a device that sort of looks like an iPad.  THe room design was nice and with floor to ceiling glass I was able to look down onto the strip from a bird's eye view.  IMPRESSIVE.  The room was nicely appointed and the bedding is the stuff of dreams.  The bathroom had a cool set up and was perfect.. . The Aria is so different from the rest because the feel throughout is upscale and sophisticated.  Unlike some of the allegedly upscale dinosaurs on the strip, the Aria has a hip and almost European feel to it--perhaps largely due to the amazing patisserie and gelato bar on the casino floor.  Yes, there is a casino obviously, this is Vegas right, but you NEVER get overwhelmed by it.  For the life of me, I don't even remember hearing a single "ding-ding-ding!"  Clearly, the designers of the Aria were astute enough to make the gaming experience discreet.. . The Aria is unlike any other, and having stayed at the Wynn, the Encore, MGM, Aladdin, and others, it will be the only place I say, should I find myself back in Vegas.
Amazing place and great customer service !!!
Aria = modern extravagance.. . We had a corner suite above the 50th floor, and it was STUN-NINGGG.  The bedroom offered floor to wall windows, and it felt like you were waking up in a high rise worthy of the classiest New York City housewife.. . The modern and contemporary decor was amazing, and the oval tub was incredible.  Separate shower and toilet, and once again did I mention the views?!?!?. . We loved how much it didn't feel like you were in Vegas, and the casino and restaurants weren't over crowded either.  "the Buffet" was good too, excellent desserts, all you can eat crab legs, and the beef sliders were bomb!. . Honestly, we felt like we were the KarTRASHians basking in non-Vegas, but Vegas glamour.. . You can also get good deals if you book at the right time!  Seriously, if you can, get a corner suite.  You won't regret it!!!!!
Stayed at the Aria while in Vegas.  Very nice rooms... Love the fact that everything (lights, A/C, window shades, etc) is controlled digitally.  Also was really impressed by the ultra modern bathroom.  The fact that the bathtub is inside the shower was a really cool feature.  Definitely recommend!
beautiful =). . but .. the suites are not suites. We booked the Sky Suites where you go up through a different entrance and you feel like a super hero because you pass all this security and big doors .. but the rooms are regular size!! boooo. . but i still give you 5 stars baby =)
LOVE IT HERE. thats all :)
I was lucky enough to have another stay at the SkySuites at Aria, and after many weekends in various hotels in Vegas, I can surely say Aria is hands and feet above the other hotels in customer service and luxury.
Very classy hotel that isnt overly decorated.. . What can I say, this is a very nice hotel, and nicely decorated.  I love Bellagio but it's too bling blingy whereas this place is very modern and nice.  Service is nice, food is great, very relaxing and comfortable.  The location is really good too.  The tram is very convenient to get to other nearby hotels.. . If you look around, you will be able to find great deals especially if you check in Sunday or Monday instead of Friday or Saturdays.  The food at restaurants are really good, only a bit pricy.  If you like the value deal, try weekday breakfast or lunch at the buffet.  they are basically the same price as sandwiches they sell at the cafes here.. . the fitness center is really pretty and nice too.. . the only surprise I found was when you move anything in the refrigerator, it automatically charges you.  Supposedly they let you borrow a refrigerator if you ask, I never have though.  There is a guy who brings a cart around everyday and checks mini-bar to see if you need refilling.  Make sure you place back the drinks in there before this guy comes in if you dont want to be charged.
If I came here, and struck it big or something, I would design my entire house like this place. To me, this represents the future, and if the Aria is really the future, than I'm OK with it. It's a future where you're never actually outside but constantly are under the impression that you are because all the rooms are so large and spacious and airy. The scent pumped through the air ducts makes it feel like you're walking through a field of daisies doused in that ex girlfriend's perfume who you just can't forget because your pillow still reeks of her. The restaurants are delicious, classy, and the price proves this. When I go back to Vegas I'll consider just going and staying in this place the whole time. The worst part is leaving, and realizing your real life just isn't as pleasant as it was while staying at Aria.
Best Hotel in Las Vegas I ever been too hands down!! loved the interior design of it all and exterior waterfall entrance they have, very classy beautiful hotel rooms, everything seems so japanese though, All is electronic of course even the curtains. It's a different feel from all the other popular hotels in Vegas. You'll find a bit of a seasoned crowd with not too many young folks like me walking around. Apparently there is plenty to do here with nightclubs and shops. I just wish the Haze Club was open while I was here.
I have stayed here on 2 different occasions and I must say both experiences were beyond anywhere else I have stayed on The Strip.  From the high-tech room, the cleanliness everywhere you look, to the staff and the food choices available, it's hard to think of any place on the Strip that beats Aria.  I brought family with me who had never been to City Center yet on this last trip and they were very impressed with the casino and amenities.  My husband says he thinks the Poker Room here is awesome as well.  Upon walking into this casino the very first time, I sort of didn't like it because it didn't look like any of the other casinos.  But as I kept coming back, I started to feel the energy and really enjoy myself here. The architecture and artwork around the entire property is amazing to look at, very different from any other Vegas casino.  The staff are excellent. Had the pleasure of having drinks at 3 of the bars and although they were pricey, they were delicious.... hey, you're in Vegas!  I especially love the beds/ mattresses and pillows they have in the rooms.  I was thisclose to buying pillows on this trip but I'll probably do that next time.  The vanilla scent when you first walk into the lobby can be somewhat annoying but I enjoy it and you can also purchase the vanilla scent sticks there to take home.  I will continue to book a room here in the future whenever I will be in town.. . I did have some trouble here and there with the wifi on my iphone, but hey, no biggie.  That doesn't take away from the sheer beauty of this place :D
In poker, when you have the best possible hand, it's called "the nuts."  For me, Aria is the nuts, the chips, the soup, the everything.  I thank you, Aria, for ruining every hotel I will ever stay at.  . . I had three nights at the Aria for a boys trip during the NCAA tournament.  The rooms were fantastic.  We had high-floor Strip-view rooms and the view was overwhelming.  The room itself was fantastic as well, you can control everything from HVAC, curtains, TV, and lighting from an iPad-looking thing on the end table.  All appointments (beds, towels, etc.) were very high quality and very comfortable.  The iron in the room was so nice, I'm ordering one for my own use.. . The casino makes you forget all of the smoky, smelly, dingy casinos you've ever been in (and even places like Caesars & MGM are getting like that nowadays).  The air is fragrant and pleasing and everything is incredibly clean.  The stakes at the table games aren't low, but come on, it's the Aria.  The sports book is small but nicely appointed, and the Sky Box club is a great place to watch the tournament while chowing down on great food and craft beer (surprisingly affordable, all things considered).. . The restaurant options really couldn't be better.  We ate at Jean Georges and loved every bite of tender, marbled steak (they also made a great Old Fashioned).  The buffet is the best I've ever been to with so many high quality food options and decent champagne for brunch (with unlimited refills as well).
Love this hotel. Such class. Such great service everywhere you go. Visit the Spa for $30. You will get access to the fitness room and the hot tub, sauna, steam room. The unisex outdoor hot tub is grand esp when u get to see the sunset too =) . . The rooms are so clean and modern. The bed....ahhhhh...soo comfortable. Even the circulation system is great. . . . The Buffet.. a must visit. Food is top quality. Service impeccable. No smelling cigarette smoke while you eat dinner. . . This will be my home away form home the next time I'm in Vegas.
This was the ABSOLUTE best hotel I have ever stayed at in Las Vegas, and I have stayed at several over the last 17 years. The first thing that struck me was how comfortable the bed and pillows were. It is the most comfortable bed I have slept in away from home. . . Staying at this hotel was a treat, with the one-touch control room features, although it did take a little while to figure out, it was cool to control the entire room from your bed if you wanted. It even smelled great, probably something in the room filter, but I enjoyed it. . . I felt very comfortable. The staff was extremely friendly, a good sign that they are being treated well. We were greeted often, which made me feel welcome in the hotel. . . I loved the sizable HD television, the available channel selection, the clean, sleek, classy look of the room, and the convenient console to plug in electronic devices. . . I liked the way the bathtub and the shower are positioned together in the same room, but separate.. . I loved their Cirque Elvis show. Lots of fun! Amazing, soft love seats, and the performance was true to the Cirque du Soleil style. It captured the essence of Elvis and Las Vegas. . . I also enjoyed their relaxing spas down at the pool area. There are a few, and they are nicely positioned to give you the feeling of privacy, away from the larger pool area. Staff was also very friendly and helpful in this area as well. . . Awesome location on the strip! Plus they have a tram service that runs to Bellagio, Vdara, and Monte Carlo.  . . The only criticisms I have are:. 1. That the one-touch controller was a little intimidating and not always responsive, however, most things controlled by the one-touch pad also have an alternate button elsewhere in the room that can be controlled.  . . 2. That you are forced to walk through the casino gaming floor to get to your room elevator (although for business reasons, I get why)...it just takes a long time to get from the parking garage to your room elevator, as with many casinos. . . 3. I loved the jean philippe patisserie in the Bellagio, but when I tried it here, the service did not match with the rest of the hotel, the red velvet cupcake I ordered, the server smashed and then pretended it didn't happen, shoving it in the box-so I was a little disappointed. . . If you decide to go, I hope your experience with the hotel was as good as mine. I will definitely be returning.. . Tips: Probably not the ideal hotel for children, but doable if you have no other option.
The modern look and feel of the City Center/Aria is marvelous. I love it all. The suits are really great too...the views are fabulous!. . The smell of the bakery is wonderful... . Highly recommend staying here or at least visiting it when you're in Vegas!
Came here on a business trip, its a tough life. This hotel is FANTASTIC. NO smoke smell on the casino floor, the room was incredibly nice, the service was nothing short of phenomenal.We did not spend much time on the casino floor here as we wanted to head out and see more of the strip. . . We had dinner up on the promenade in one of the conference rooms with our party from work. The food was great. I cannot say I have had better prime rib on the strip. We will definitely be back to stay here again in the near future.
Love this place...seems more "classy" than other Vegas hotels, not trashy people inside.  I feel comfortable, great rooms, poker rates for players, great food, hot tubs are nice too!  Highly recommend!
Had some difficulties to play with the remote control to shut down the curtains.. . MANY THANKS  TO THE LOST AND FOUND STAFF!  I never thought there was any chance to find my lost lap top in a casino. Also thank you, the unknown kind soul who found my lap top&dropped it at the lost &found. GOD BLESS ALL OF YOU!
Gotta love the Aria. It's sophisticated, and the decor is just SO fetch. Unfortunately there is security at the elevators and it is tight.
This place will wow you.  Well probably because our friends are the type that like to gamble a bit and they get certain benefits.  Those benefits are actually really really nice.  The kind that allow you to open and close curtains with remote controls nice.  The kind that have two rooms and a living room nice.  THANKS FRIENDS!!!. . Well anyhow everyone is always very nice and quick to be at your becon call.  I know they work off tips but it just feels a bit more genuine so it feels good.  Like when you spend $100 more on sheets.. . We found out that Michael Jordan is a cheap bastard and Ashton Kutcher tipped a waitress $1.00 for 5 drinks.  Inquiring minds wanna know...
LOVED this hotel. Kind staff, smells great, good room with fun features like remote-controlled curtains and music on the TV, and an INCREDIBLE bed. I am picky about my beds, and damn, I wish I slept more while I was in Vegas. I ate room service and at the 24-hour cafe (both at 4 a.m., coincidentally), and both were delicious. . . Haze was also a lot of fun. I'd recommend getting VIP entry one way or another so you don't have to wait in the ridiculous line. J. Cole was playing the night I went, so maybe that's why it was so long. I was one of the lucky ones, though.... . The only downside (and I don't really consider this a downside), is it's a bit longer walk since it sits a little off the strip. But no bigdeal. . . I'd stay here again, no doubt.
This place was awesome! The architecture and design was worth the walk from the strip! So beautiful and clean! The staff was very helpful and pleasant. Im glad we went to check it out!
What to say.. one of the best hotels in Vegas, and I have stayed at the ALL! Super slick, yet tasteful, all the modern luxuries you would expect in a world class hotel. I love the touchpad room controls and having stayed her 5+ times I have yet to have had a bad view. Only negative is that you have to deal with the strip when arriving and parking, so you might consider coming in going in the less traveled times. So much to do here, that once here you won't need to leave to explore the rest of Vegas.
Best Vegas hotel that I have stayed in. The customer service was great. I got the room at a great rate and I got a $49 upgrade to a 1000sq ft room, checked in early, and checked out late. My room was serviced twice a day and all of the staff was super nice. I asked for a bottle opener and room service brought it up in less than 10 minutes. I will be staying at this hotel next time I come back to Las vegas.
I was pleasantly surprised walking into Aria for the first time.  The front desk area has a buttery, vanilla-like scent.  I'm not completely sure where the smell comes from, but it's nice!  The rooms are very modern and stylish.  It's nice to be able to control everything (the AC, lights, curtains) with the touch of a button from the remote.  The staff there is very helpful and accomodating.  The only problem that I've noticed is when calling the front desk or room service, it takes a while for them to pick up.  Not a huge enough problem for me to bump them down for 4 stars because otherwise, my stay here was perfect!
Awesome! Gorgeous, understated design & architecture.  Not at all what you'd expect in Vegas.  I have no idea what their air filter system is but you can barely smell cigarettes.  None of that nasty stale odor here.  Instead, your senses are pleasantly surprised by the soft vanilla jasmine scent.  The gift shop sells scent sticks so we stocked up.
Recently stayed here. Beautiful clean hotel. Love Jean Phillie patisserie.. Need fan in bathrooms. Not the BEST buffet. Everything else: Aces.
This place is BEAUTIFUL! Newer Vegas for sure! It's a must to check this place out!
This hotel is by far the most elegant and luxurious hotel in Las Vegas. The buffet and hotel staff were friendly and everything I paid for and more. The only problem I ran into was with the Day/Night club called Liquid but didn't mark them down because I felt that the overall hotel stay and accommodations were AMAZING. The security and staff were typical night club staff, rude and only worried about how much you were going to spend. We went in just checking it out and the security personnel told us we could sit in any of the lounge chairs and didn't mention any stipulations. We ordered drinks from the bar and sat down in lounge chairs and not 15 minutes later were told we had to have a tab with a minimum of $50 per chair if we wanted to sit there. We told them we were just going to finish our drinks and were more then half full and leave and not 2 minutes after that security came and told us move to the bar when almost nobody was there and there were plenty of open lounge chairs. My next visit I am definitely staying at this hotel, the rooms are amazing, the view is breath taking and the bathroom is perfect with the tub and shower together.
When we got to the Aria, I was impressed and was constantly impressed until we checked out. The service was fantastic, the rooms were clean and the design was upscale. It is a perfect distance from the strip, with easy access to a free tram to Bellagio although I don't believe it saved you any steps if you wanted to straight to the Strip.. . Our arrival was met by the bellman, who was happy to tell us what where we needed to go, what we needed and how to set up for check out and shuttle home. The front desk was helpful and organized. Housekeeping did a fantastic job. The front desk was helpful and any phone calls to the front desk were greeted with a "hello Ms. W. how can we assist you?" Greeting with our names and knowing immediately what room was calling, was a nice touch.. . The concierge did a great job helping us set up a guided tour of Hoover Dam. They recommend a wonderful tour company. Thumbs up. . . Our room was fantastic. 24th floor, with a decent view of the strip. I loved the set up of the bathroom and particularly the shower bath area. Nicely tiled with a large soaker tub which was all one contained area. Everything was push button, even the curtains. When it was time for bed, one push of the "goodnight" button and it was lights out and curtains drawn. I also have to mention how impressed I was at the soundproofing. We didn't hear a peep from the hallway or adjoining rooms.. . My only gripe was the lack of electrical outlets. I would have liked a plug in near the bed to charge my phone and have it near me for easy access when I set my alarm. However, that is extremely minor. . . Room charges were easy and effortless.the 24 hour room service was a godsend. When all the food places were closed for the night, it's 2 am and you are craving the munches after and evening of drunken wandering, it was perfect to be able to order a pizza. And for room service, the prices were more reasonable than I expected. It was still expensive, but nothing to give me coronary.. . The in room bar is run on sensors, so if you lift it off, you bought it. Although the price of snacks was expensive, this Canadian thought the price of a bottle of beer wasn't too bad at $6 because in context to Canadian liquor purchases in any old bar, you are looking at approximately that ballpark. . . The buffet was reasonably priced, and had a decent variety of food. If you hit the right time, you pay $16.95 for breakfast and manage to grab the lunch dishes for that price. . . I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again and would most definitely recommend this hotel to others. Love this place.
I had stayed at the Aria in March just for the weekend. I love every min in the hotel. When we arrived bag check offered to take our bags directly to the room. We checked in without a wait. When we entered the room, everything turned on including the certains. The views from our room were amazing. There is a free tram which takes you to the Bellagio and steps away from the strip. Haze is also inside the Aria and we got free access to the club and did not have to wait in line!! We also went to the bars located inside. thumbs up for the bartenders. Can't wait to go back since they sent us a promo price i can't refuse.. . Next time you go to vegas, stay at the aria! really nice!
The Sky Suites are very nice, if you actually get a suite. If you are staying at the Sky Suites, there is a little lounge with free beverages such as juices, coffees and teas, and sparkling waters. There are also fruits, cookies, etc. to eat at certain hours.
Checked in on a Sunday afternoon after the crazy Cinco de Mayo and Mayweather fight.  We didn't have a problem booking a room at the last minute.  So my 5 stars was basically for my boy, Sean,  at the front desk who graciously hooked us up to their Penthouse Sky Villa Suite on the 33rd floor with a panoramic view of Vegas.  Not sure why, but he felt like we deserved it and YES, we did!  . . The room: Our 1400+ sq ft suite  had  1-bedroom, 1 1/2 bath, dining room, work station, living room, and floor to ceiling windows.  Lights, temperature, curtains were all automated and operated on their touch screen control.  (That touchscreen was a bit slow to react).  One push of the "Good-night" button and everything was shut down for you including the curtains.  . . The bathroom had a huge tub, a separate shower that also doubled as a steam room, a heated toilet seat that also doubled as a bidet, and a huge double door wood closet that just screamed luxury.  Robes and slippers for you to use. . . Room service was awesome.  He set my breakfast up just as I wanted, with a view of the city.  . . One con: Static!  Literally when I was messing with the bed sheets, you can actually see the static sparks.  If you wear those slippers around, beware, cuz you're gonna get shocked!  . . Bottom line: $275 a night that got us into the Penthouse Suite...ummm, no complaints there!
I guess being a Casino Guest at another hotel you get spoiled with exceptional service by your host and how your treated accordingly.  With that said referred to a new host from a friend of mine as myself and 7 friends headed to Las Vegas for a 4 night stay and 3 days of top shelf golf, food, fun etc.  I will as I get time detail each restaurant and golf course individually.  This is simply the Aria and its set up.  My New Host Nicole Houng was arrainged and she set up King Sized rooms 3 non smoking and 1 smoking for the gamblers in the group. The other 4 guys set up their rooms on their own.   All Rooms confirmed via email and very specific regarding type of room set up. If you recall my last trip outside the Mandalay Bay or Bellagio the Cosmopolitan was a complete phuck up.  This I hoped would go smoother.. . We all arrived fairly late in the evening approximately 10-11PM Local time.  on Wednesday evening. Upon check in we were told only the 1 Smoking bed king was available and all others would be queen beds only for night one. Reading the reviews from other clients it appears this is the # 1 complaint. Either they don't have enough kings or they simply do not honor reservations.  Being from a casino reservation you would expect the king beds to be saved but alas it was not to be.  I had a short an animated conversation with front desk manager Ron Miller and told him this would not happen at the Mandalay Bay.  His Response and I quote " If you would like for us to take you over to the Mandalay Bay we will be happy to".   I literally was about to jump over the counter and smack the guy I was so pissed off with the complete and utter disrespect he seemed to sense it and backed off. Bottom line NO KING BEDS a bad start.. . Check in and the queens and rooms are  pretty dam special. Every modern accoutrement and electronic set up including an I pad to control, lights, temperature, wake up calls, windows etc.  Beds for my taste entirely TOO SOFT. Heavenly mattress and linens but I need firm bed.  Bathroom handsomely appointed with tub and separate shower and toilet.   Twin sinks but the power outlets sat in the middle directly behind all their soap shampoo set up and it was difficult to plug things in without knocking everything over.  All and all rooms pretty impressive king or not.  Unlike many hotels, elevators plentiful with good security checking room keys.  . . Step back now as upon check in I sent a quick email off to Nicole (Casino Host) and relayed the evenings spectacle at the front desk.  She was IRATE that we would be treated that way. Mind you I'm on a 100% comp room while the other boys are new casino rate guests.   Nicole went up and beyond at this point first by comping the rooms for the other 3 guests on a casino rate for the 1st night.  She had valets move all the luggage and clothes and toiletries the next day to anyone who wanted king rooms.  Sent us all 8 a Complimentary buffet pass for the next morning and the 4 from the casino received a bottle of champagne, chocolate covered strawberries and pastries Thursday night.  Let me tell you something, I've been around customer service all my life and this lady gets it.  Thank you Nicole our stay was nothing short of outstanding and anyone I'm sending to Vegas will be heading your way. . . I'll review the restaurants separately.  Bottom line is Casino was spacious and never Smokey. Never made it to the pool but looked nice.  Transportation and bell person service was easy and quick.  Spacious promenade level with multiple dining options casual and formal.   All and All a pretty impressive hotel that understands customer service.  . . One small caveat that needs to be mentioned. Playing Craps the last night I walked over to the table with a bag in my hand had a golf shirt in it "Gift".  Stan the boxman stated don't forget your bag when you leave ok.  Played craps did very well and at one point a die hit off the dealers chest back into play and the stickman called no roll.  WAIT it was a winner 10 about 1K payoff to me and my 5 friends Playing.  Before we could even start the uproar Stan said PAY THEM.   That's star #1.  Then after we all did fairly well, we went to the cage and I of course left my bag under the table.  10 minutes later Stan runs me down and finds me to hand me the bag.    Again up and above and beyond the call of duty. Super service and then some.. Great Experience and will definitely stay here again.
pools are relaxing and the staff is good. It's Vegas what do you expect :)
This is a very modern hotel, the service was great in all areas except housekeeping which was a little hap-hazard but this still did not spoil our stay and we will definitely return
With a five star class mall filled with amazing unique restaraunts to rare stores, this property is amazing and beautiful inside and out. It has a very unique, homely feel to it inside the casino and offers different hotels suites for people looking to mix it up. Worth the stop and the location is a big plus too being right on the strip in the mist of all the Las Vegas action.. . dp
Great, modern hotel with all the Vegas food and fun you need!  Went with my hubby for a birthday celebration.  Room was perfect - we loved the "remote control everything" feature.  Staff very friendly and responsive anywhere you see them.  We saw the Cirque Elvis show in the hotel and dined at Julian Serrano also - a must.  Coffee every morning (and yummy pastries/chocolates) at Jean Philippe is also a must.  Pools were excellent and pool staff could not have been nicer and more helpful.  To me, this refreshing hotel is the perfect size, not overwhelming yet it has it all and is also convenient walking to just about anything you want to so in Vegas!
The aria is a gorgeous hotel with all of the amenities you could ask for and more.  The staff couldn't be more helpful...a must stay if in Vegas!
When I come to a hotel I expect it to be equal to or greater than what I have at home. Let me tell you, Aria delivered on that front!. . I arrived during EDC weekend when the reservation system went down and everything had to be done manually. I ended up waiting in line almost 2 hours before I got to my hotel room. When I went to checkout again, the TV checkout system failed to work, requiring me to wait in line for 30 minutes to checkout. I heard that long check-in check-out times are common place in Las Vegas, I don't know. . . I was very pleased with the corner suite I got at Aria. I felt like a king every time I walked into it and I never wanted to leave. The room was so big and so much larger than I had expected. I loved how Control4 was integrated throughout the entire room. I was impressed with both how well they had it working and with how well their custom integration worked with their hotel services. Every light switch was labeled and you could control the curtains with the touch of a button. When you left the room all you had to do was press a button that said "Service" to indicate that the room was ready to be clean. Very cool. I liked how all the TVs were wall mounted. Everything was just very clean looking, modern, and up to date. Even the toliet seat was heated. Now that is attention to detail! . . Whenever they would clean my room they did it perfectly. They cleaned things that I would expect to normally be skipped. They paid extra attention to every detail. They even put chocolates on the night stand near my bed every time. One day they put out the slippers for me to wear. Every time I came back and the room was cleaned, it looked like the very first day that I came to the hotel. They even folded my clothes that I had lying on the bed. They put my toothbrush and my other bathroom nessecities on these square paper towels to keep them off the counter. I was amazed. I had to take a double-take every time I came back to my room to make sure that it was actually mine. . . I ordered room service 3 nights. Each night it took about an hour from the time I ordered it to the time I received it in my room. Room service was pretty accurate for the most part when they gave time estimates. I had the Seared Halibut twice which I liked a lot and I recommend. I also tried the pizza which was decent enough.. . Aria has a really nice spa. It felt very heavenly. I could stay there for hours. They have a salt room which was interesting. I don't know if I could tell if it was working or not. The infinity pool was cool. I liked how it overlooked the Liquid Lounge and you could hear the music and watch the people mingle below as you sit and relax high above. They have 4 hot tubs all of different temperatures. I especially liked the Eucalyptus sauna. It was better than the sauna at Caesars. Also I liked how there were less naked dudes walking around at the Aria spa as compared to Caesars. But Caesars did have an Artic room and a mineral water bath. I had a massage at the spa. You could tell it was higher quality that what you would get from a chain massage establishment. I could definitely tell the oils that they used were higher quality.. . One afternoon, I stayed at the pool. It was very enjoyable. I'd recommend everybody check out the pool. I didn't do any gambling at Aria so I can't comment on that. Aria is a little bit of a walk from the rest of the strip. I would say it takes about 10 minutes from your hotel room to the bridge on the strip if you walk normal pace. Probably get that down to 7 minutes if you walk more briskly.. . All in all, I would come to Las Vegas again just to stay at Aria. I enjoyed my time. Thank you Aria.
I absolutely loved the Aria on my first and only visit. My 40th birthday celebration, we arrived and were able to check in early. Cons on check in: It is very slow, the signage to the rooms is poor and the vanilla scent is overwhelming.. . The Jean Phillipe Patisserie in the lobby was dangerously good. Amazing chocolate croissant, truffles, gelato and sandwiches.. . The room (corner suite) was sweet! Floor to ceiling windows, separate bedroom and living room, remote that controls blinds, alarm, lights, Jacuzzi tub overlooking the strip, and they were replacing our comforter as we checked in. That is rare! In room amenity was chocolate covered strawberries and chocolate dipped macaroons.  . . I loved the room (2 bathrooms!) but had to leave to go to the spa (poor me). What a treat! The massage was great (Mitch rocked), the facilities are huge. There is a salt room with pulsing music, a hot rock bed area, lots of chilled water and juice, snacks, and every toiletry from toothbrushes and toothpaste to hair spray and brushes. The jacuzzi overlooking the Liquid Lounge was well appointed but I have to question the placement. Thumping bass and bikini clad ladies dancing on a platform are hardly spa material.. . Everyone we came in contact with was hospitable and friendly (except the Patisserie ladies. They seemed pissed). Would return again and again.
Aria. Middle of everything on The Strip. Beautiful.. . I booked Aria for my boyfriend's birthday weekend for 3 nights. It was just a basic deluxe room, and damn pretty for the bare minimum. We got a view of our neighbor, the Monte Carlo, and the pool. The interior of Aria is modern and classy, no cheesy gimmicks.. . Right next to Crystals, you can also go shopping for your designer brands.
sweet hotel.  room was very modern. the smell of this place is swanky.  id go back.
Stayed here on Fri-Sat for a girls' bday weekend in LV. Aria was amazing. We got bumped up to a higher room with a strip view (double score!) AND got two free buffet passes for Aria's buffet.. . Everything is automatic. Things are controlled with an electronic I-pad/phone type gadget so I had trouble with it, but anyone with a smartphone would have appreciated its versatility.. . Bathroom was great. It was huge, double-sinked and came with a shower and jacuzzi. . . Service was SO amazing throughout the hotel. We've had crappy service at other hotels before but every single person (from the valet to the business office staff to the front desk staff) were courteous, patient, and professional.. . Would definitely, definitely stay here again.
We got a great deal for the 4th of July holiday. 5-night stay + airfare and car-rental only $580 per person from Expedia. Also came with two free tickets to Ka at MGM Grand, which is really a must-see show. Aria is a great place to stay in Vegas. It is located in City Center, which is within walking distance of all the top hotels on the strip. You have to walk a bit to places like The Venetian, but simply take the car and enjoy the air conditioning and tour of the strip. The rooms are really clean and comfortable with huge windows to get a unbelievable view of the strip. You can ask for a higher room when checking in (note: a good tip helps). The casino, pool, gym and restaurants are also amazing as expected for a 5-star hotel.
Worth every $ The staff was helpful & the hotel was clean/beautiful. They got me good seats to see O & when I got sick they sent medical staff to my room to see if I needed anything. They even called a couple days later to see if I needed an extended checkout time because I had been sick. I will NEVER stay @ another hotel in Vegas - Aria is the best by far. LoVe It!
Exceeded my expectations!. First of all, thorough the entire strip, this is the nicest hotel! All the rooms are automated, the service is superb! Restaurants are to die for!. . Gambling does get a little expensive, with high buy ins, but there is Monte Carlo across the road with $5 minimum bets, or Bellagio with $10 minimum. Plus there is a shuttle which will take you to bellagio with ease!
Beautiful, modern, new, and LEED Gold Certified. Literally public artworks throughout the hotel complex. You control everything from your curtains to your alarm through a touchscreen device. I have stayed in several suites in Vegas, and this was by far the best. Furthermore, the only time I have been in a better hotel room was when I was upgraded to a penthouse at the Belagio!
From the moment we entered the fabulous doors, entered the perfectly air conditioned, and might I add wonderfully smelling lobby I knew this was the new spot. . . We were checked in right away. Given a complimentary upgrade (due to our 1yr wedding anni) and room would be ready by noon. We checked out the property and found an extensive casino (hell to the yes- lots o slots), Jean Phillipe Patisserie where you can oogle at his world famous creations and even purchase some of them! . . Noon came and our room was ready. 37th floor and witha  strip view!!! Hello??? Amaze! It was clean. It was modern. It was superb. The bed was like a magic carpet I couldnt wait to ride into my dreamland. Wait there is more...the room is completly automated and ran by one touch of a button by a bedside monitor!!! My husband was in love with the "Goodnight" button. Shades close. Lights off. And to dreamland we were off!!! . . Oh, and about 30 min into us getting into our room... room service rings our door- the hotel sent up complimentary chocolate dipped strawberries congratulating us on our wedding anniversary!!! The cherry on top of the already awesome sundae. . . The pools. There were 4. 3 pools for everyone and one Liquid pool. Liquid is a pool you would typically see being used on The Real World. Not our thing. Service at the pool was perfect and our drinks came with a quickness. I recommend the berry basil mojito! . . All in all. The perfect vegas hotel. In my opinion it really cannot get any better. . . Oh wait it does- there is a tram that takes you to the crystals mall, monte carlo, and the bellagio...cha ching bonus points!
Very nice modern hotel. Centrally located on the strip but not as busy as other nearby hotels. Perfect for people who likes to be close by everything but be able to escape the crowds if needed. Nice restaurants in the resort as well.... Don't miss Jean Philippe patisserie ....to die for!
First of all, amazing. . . Last time we were in Vegas (childless and with slightly more disposable income), we stayed at the MGM Grand (also good). But Aria is the newest kid on the block and has done an amazing job of putting itself out there. Cause when you're the new kid, that's what you gotta do. . . It's a super-modern hotel/resort/spa with every possible amenity. We were even given a reference to a fabulous hotel babysitting service which, although incredibly expensive, was also awesome and is reviewed separately on my profile. . . When I say Aria had it all, I mean it. Really modern furnishings, remote-controlled curtains, a mini-fridge stocked to the gills (look, don't touch), boxes of little exotic chocolates next to your bed, fabulous terrycloth robes and slippers, awesome toiletries, a ridic bathroom facility with a massive stand-up shower which shares the same space as a massive whirlpool tub, a stacked gym facility (like a real gym), like 50 outdoor pools, a decadent spa and no shortage of places to eat, drink, gamble and shop. . . To top it all off, we paid $80 (!!!) for the room for a night. I guess it's a massive hotel and so they are able to offer really affordable rates much of the time. So great. Definitely will stay here again. . . The only thing to be warned about is that they have a bit of a "fine print" resort fee, applicable on each booking, in the amount of $25 per room, per night. It's said to cover towels, etc. when you're at the pool....I dunno....seems like a way to make an extra $25 to me. Or just include it in the rate. . . But otherwise, totally awesome. Best of Vegas so far. AND the Aria Buffet should not be missed. I've never seen anything like it in my 30 years of buffet-ing. Just wear your buffet pants, if you know what I'm sayin',
I recently stayed here for the first time (I normally stay at the venitain) from check it with Tameka the whole process took less than 5 min and was very effective will all the nessasery hotel information the concierge Ben and Darcy were also extremely helpful with planing are dinning and outside activities, upon entering the room me and my girlfriend noticed how clean it was and the convince of the remote controlling all room functions the room services and food was 5star plus and the staff from check out to check in was up to par with any 5 star hotel ive stayed at! . . Liquid-Pool my girlfriend and I went to Liquid Thursday morning after recieving 2VIP passes from the concierge (Ben & Darcy) we let the VIP host Mike know we were Guest of the Hotel and he took care of us by getting us a great location and checking up to mark sure we were happy with are server & assistant , a true professional . . Last day at the Aria we checked out and James (Asain with the IPad) was able to check us out with out making us wait in-line a feature I have never had at other 5-star hotels I have stayed at (Thanks). We then proceeded to the busnuiess center (2nd Floor next to Elvis show) the staff was extremely helpfull and knowledgable we got are boarding passes and they even called the bell hops to get are luggage curbside by the time we were there . . Thanks For A Great Stay Look Forward to coming back soon
my girlfriends just invited me to vegas   for a bachlorette party.   they had suites at aria hotel.   IT WS SO AMAZING.  FROM THE ELECTRIC CURTAINS  TO THE BEAUTIFUL DECOR   NOTHING SHORT OF AMAZING.   THE NICEST SUITE WE'VE EVER SEEN!   we were treated like queens from the second we got picked up at the airport  to check in till the time we left.   WORTH EVERY PENNY!   we will be back!    we 're not gamblers but the casino was very nice.too!. debi
I just completed my 4th stay at Aria and it's still the only place I'd stay in the LV.. . Room:  When you're tired of the over the top tacky-ass-ness that is Las Vegas it's nice to come home to a hotel room that would hold its own in New York City.  The decor is simple and clean with muted colors that radiate calm.  The (occasionally buggy) bedside room control board is great for push-button light and curtain control when you feel like being a lazy bastard.  The bed here is heaven.. . Casino:  Even the casino at Aria is an oasis in the neon desert.  The clean lines and earthy color palette can be found here as well.  The casino floor is ringed by several restaurants and bars -- all with a unique and modern aesthetic.. . Parking:  Valet service is prompt and the most pleasant I've experienced in Vegas (and free as usual).  This most recent trip I did try out the self-parking once and I'd say that the few bucks you save not tipping the valet is not worth the extra walk.  If you're valet-averse its really not that bad, but I wouldn't recommend it if you're just checking in as its completely on the other side of the hotel from the front desk and you'd have to drag all your crap through the entire length of the casino.. . Food:  The Buffet is probably my favorite buffet ever.  As a vegetarian usually I get mostly shafted, but here I'm able to make several trips and come back with a differently themed plate consisting of a few different dishes.  The dessert station here is devilish.  I've also eaten at one of the restaurants in the casino which was delicious though it was a couple years ago now so I don't recall which one.. . Overall the quality of the hotel has held up very well over the course of my four visits and Aria continues to be my Vegas go-to.. . Tip #1: Sign up for their e-mail list -- they have some great specials all the time with great rates and sometimes including resort credits to be used in the restaurants.. . Tip #2: Be prepared for the $25 resort fee (plus tax).
Nobody falls in love in Vegas. Nobody. It's Sin City. People fall in lust. However, I can gladly say, I broke that mold. I fell in love in Vegas. It was not even close to being lust. I fell in deep, passionate, blissful love... with Aria.. . As I entered the resort, the familiar smell of vanilla AKA baby prostitute brought back memories of my Vegas 2010 trip. Although the smell is still far from ever winning me over, the amazing memories I built at Aria from my last trip will always be engraved within my nostalgic brain. However, this time around I knew my Vegas 2012 trip would triumph all. My friends and I booked the 2 bedroom penthouse for the weekend so we already knew our Vegas trip would be going down in history.. . Although I missed the accommodated limo ride to and from the airport (my flight was later than my party), I was still able to enjoy the luxurious amenities Aria offered throughout the weekend. For starters, the Aria Suites & Villas stayers had a separate area for check-in and elevators aside from the rest of the hotel. This lavish secluded area had a lounge that provided a seating area as well as complimentary food and beverages consisting of chocolate covered strawberries, a variety of cheeses, perfectly crafted scones, decadent chocolate chip cookies, red and white wines, bottles of Fiji water, Sprite, Coke, Orange juice and so forth. The lounge was always stocked despite our 14 people party depleting the stash a majority of the time. The staff was always alert and catered to whatever it is we wanted, including our request for 12 towels in the room. . . As for our two bedroom penthouse. HOLY MOLY. It was the most gorgeous of all gorgeous sights. Two bedrooms; each stocked with a walk in closet, king sized beds, 100% Egyptian cotton sheets, mattresses feeling like your back is resting on heaven, 52" LCD HD TVs... one in every, single, room, including the bathrooms, which by the way there's three of them. Each bedroom has it's own bathroom with a bath whirlpool tub, granite sink countertops and vanities, private shower AKA "private water closet," and a toilet that has an electronic bidet that cleans every crease and crevice of your frontal and back private parts. A wet bar, dining room, living room, bedside touchscreen technology to open curtains, turn on television, do all that handy stuff without having to get up from your comfy ass bed, space on space on space, holy crap my heart is beating rapidly because the very thought of explaining our penthouse makes me fall in love all over again.. . Aside from all the hotel amenities, I absolutely loved how Aria was conveniently located close to everywhere we wanted to go. Also the entire resort was just so pleasing to the eyes. In my last review I might've stated that "Perhaps on my next visit to Vegas I just might reconsider staying at Aria again," I would like to take that statement back and say with confidence that I will always want to stay in Aria's penthouses every time I visit Vegas.
Gotta be one of the nicest and fanciest rooms I've stayed in in a very long time.  The bed was so comfortable I ended up hitting the snooze button multiple times just so I could rest longer... not sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing
Exquisite and Beautiful hotel! We have been to Vegas many times, but our most recent stay at this hotel was phenomenal! The staff was very professional and eager to assist. The rooms are very spacious and modern- the room touch control was such fun! We will definitely stay here again!
Aria Resort and Casino July 29 to August 3, 2012.. . My wife and I booked a package of flight and hotel for our 20th anniversary.  The hotel choice we made was the Aria.  It is my intent to provide a review of our experience including all aspects of the hotel.  I had chosen the hotel after viewing a handicapped suite last year.  While we did not need a handicapped room this trip it should be noted that this hotel has the best handicapped room I have ever seen.  It has a lift that will transport a handicapped person from the bed to the bath, shower, toilet and sink area.  Now back to our experience.  In preparation for our trip I spent a number of hours on the phone and the internet trying to find affordable show tickets.  After many failed attempts I thought I would phone the hotel concierge and see if they could assist.  Rayvnn the concierge was exceptionally helpful.  She assisted me with booking LOVE and "O" tickets and the seats we better and cheaper that I could find online.  I was so happy that I sent a letter of compliment to her supervisor, Nancy.  Nancy also was very helpful and offered to assist in anyway.  I had read online that often when you check in late you end up with the worst rooms.  Being our anniversary I was hoping for everything to be right.  Nancy assisted by put a note on our file with the front desk.  We arrived after 10PM and the check in line was very long.  We were surprised at how fast it moved.  To our pleasure and surprise we were upgraded to a corner suite.  The room was 920 sq ft. and was fantastic.  The view was west toward the Rio.  I can only imagine how fantastic the corner strip view room would be.  The room had a very comfortable king bed.  The only complaint here is we could have used a few more pillows.  The ensuite was great and the Toto toilet should not be underestimated.  I was a little skeptical about a butt washing toilet.  I now want one in my home....it is worth staying at the hotel alone.  Every night we were treated to a turn down service with very nice boxes of chocolates and cards with nice statements.  The room is fully automated and is very easy to figure out.  Some rooms have connection ports for HDMI, RCA etc.  Our room was not equipped, when I phoned the front desk the offered to have one put in.  Again spectacular service.  We ended up at many different hotels and the common observation was that they were a zoo.  The Aria is very classy and is not over crowded.  It is designed with people flow and security of the guests.  The pool area is fantastic also.  For kids the Mandalay bay has a better pool.  The Aria pool has three large pools and hot pools.  The casino is spacious and has a good selection of machines with all the new ones and many old favorites.  The drinks are a good size compared to other hotels and the staff if efficient and friendly.  Check out was smooth.  Our comps were to provide us with some free meals.  The mlife card showed a dollar amount that did not match the food.  The front desk lady immediately solved the problem.  Again...GREAT service!!. Ravynn and Nancy at the concierge started the experience in a professional and fantastic manner and the rest of the staff at the hotel followed up in the same manner.  Every staff member we passed in the hallways took the time to say hello.. I have already recommended this as my favorite hotel in Vegas to many friends.  I would be hard pressed to ever stay anywhere else in Vegas.  If you want a beautiful new hotel with fantastic service look no further.....Tell them Derek sent you.....
Aria Hotel & Casino in City Center on the strip is one of the top high end places in a city with a numerous options as far as high end accommodations.  I would highly recommend staying at the Sky Suites if it is in your budget range.  We had two rooms, the 2 bedroom penthouse in Sky Suites, and a standard room in Aria.  The penthouse suite was undoubtedly one of the nicest, most luxurious rooms I've ever stayed in.  Full bar, living room, dining area, etc.  It's all first class the whole way.  The concierge for Sky Suites are also extremely valuable.  They fielded our calls 24/7, set my reservations, called maintenance, etc.  It's a huge upgrade over the normal cattle calls that take place when checking into a standard Vegas hotel.  Overall I would highly recommend the Aria and Sky Suites in particular.
Great hotel.very modern. For those who fear the distance to the strip there is a route through Crystals that leads right to it. It's a great location on the strip. Very friendly staff. Like many have said the beds are very comfortable. Not as crowded as more touristy hotels which was great. May not be a great hotel for first time goers.
I have stayed at dozens of Las Vegas hotels since 1981 and Aria is the best I have ever been to. The hotel rooms are first class and equipped with extensive amenities. The casino is well designed and avoids the confusion created by other properties. The Aria Convention Center facilities are best in class and located within stunning architectural design. This is the home of AutoCon 2012, an auto industry conference.
My husband and I chose to stay at Aria based on a recommendation from a man we met the last time we were in Vegas who was staying there. We booked 2 nights for our 5th year anniversary. Months in advance I had booked our room and requested a view upgrade via email, just to see if it was a possibility.. . So we pulled up to the Aria and from the outside, visually, it looks like a museum, extremely modern, and quite large and expansive. We used the valet and bellboys, they were quick and friendly, and we arrived during an extremely busy check in time, there were cars and lines of people everywhere, but none of the staff seemed to reflect the chaos going on around them. I went inside to get in the huge check in line that wrapped twice around, trying not to get irritated because i did not want to wait in that line...it moved very quickly and when we got to the front, once again the staff was incredibly friendly. Laura checked us in and asked what occasion we were there for and upgraded us to the sky suites. My heart sank into my stomach, I had seen the sky suites online and it was just a dream to even think of staying there. I cried i was so excited. We are on a serious budget, we have a new baby and would never spend that kind of money so it was an amazing blessing for us to get to stay there.. . Walking through the casino, you would never know it allows smoking, the air is perfumed with a beautiful, soft floral scent, every where you go, so refreshing. The sky suites have a private access entry, lounge and elevators. The room was out of this world, breathtaking. Huge windows, amazing view, super clean, comfortable bed, awesome tv's, lighting, everything is touch screen. The maids offer you chocolates and turn down service, you get a newspaper daily, i just cannot say enough about the room! Amazing jetted tub, large shower with sitting area, bidet toilet.. . The restaurants were so pretty, of course it is a luxury resort so it was a little pricey, the buffet was delicious! The pool was very clean, had servers waiting to serve you, plenty of towels and chairs. Everything in my opinion was top notch. The design of the hotel is so beautiful, tons of attention to detail everywhere you look. It is immaculate. Aria's staff was always friendly and went above and beyond to help us plan evenings out, get us into clubs on the VIP list, arrange transportation...etc. We were treated so wonderfully. We have stayed at many luxury hotels in vegas, the ritz, secrets in cancun, etc. & we both feel that this was the best overall experience we have ever had. I truly recommend Aria and we are actually planning our next visit for December!. . Thank You again Laura and Aria for making this the best vacation we have ever had!!!!!
My girl friends and I got the Crystals Suite and it was AMAZING. A million dollar view from the 16th floor, modernized interiors, and best of all, the bidet. :). . Located in the middle of The Strip, close to the Cosmopolitan and the Ballagio. Highly recommend!
Had a three day conference here and everything was great. The food. The clean air. Free WiFi. Completely modern and business appropriate.
Loved this hotel. Had a great stay and was way cheaper then I thought it would be. Rooms are modern and amazing. I'll be back soon.
Home away from home.   The smell of vanilla always makes me think of this place.
Just came back from a long weekend at the Aria. A few friends warned me that it was so far away from everything. Well, this really worked in our favor. It kept a lot of people from wandering in. . . This was the perfect hotel for us- newish, modern, hip people but not to the extent of the Cosmopolitan, good location.. . The pool area was really nice. Plenty of seats- even on a crowded holiday weekend.  Quick drink service. One pool was a little louder...the other two a little more quiet. . . The rooms were great with nice size bathrooms. Loved the strip view that we had. I'd recommend this view.. . The location of the hotel is perfect since it's basically in the middle of the strip. You can tram to the Bellagio or Monte Carlo if you want. We easily walked to the Venetian on one end and Mandalay Bay on the other. . . I'd definitely recommend this if you want a little Vegas scene, but not a lot. If you want the hip scene, the Cosmo is for you.
Went here last year with my family, and I thought it was amazing. Good service wise with the food and staff. The food is so original especially the gelato ice cream. The pool is clean *not like circus circus* Only downfall is that its expensive compared to wynn.
Great service from start to finish. From the rooms , to business center, to food, and gaming.  First class
perfect "10" every time
I sneak away to Vegas every couple months..and I've Stayed at several Hotels The cosmopolitan, Vdara Bellagio and a few others...This is the Place to be I never have to leave the Hotel! The service is simply THE BEST! The View from Sky Suites are Breath taking! I cant Imagine staying any where else!  SIMPLY amazing Hotel.
CAN I JUST SAY, OH SHIT! This hotel is totally my new favorite! From the beautiful lobby, to the tasty bakery, to the modern & beautiful rooms, the Aria Hotel & Casino has it all! My family & I had the chance to stay at this luxurious beauty for 3 nights & my goodness, those rooms were spectacular! We had a GORGEOUS view of the strip & the room itself was extremely clean and maintained! I mean what other hotel room plays music & has your name written across a flat screen plasma TV when you walk into the room?! The Aria truly provides one with the overall Vegas experience! I would recommend this hotel to ANYONE! Also, the VIVA ELVIS show is a masterpiece within itself. Spectacular choreography with great professional performers. I will surely be coming back soon.
Very Classy.  WoW every fixture, fabric, hardware,flooring, decor was absolutely stunning.  The bathroom was all Marble with a bath and shower room.  The pillows and lines were so soft. The view is beautifiul.  The location is prime in City Center of Las Vegas.  The downfall was the retail, and food choices were slim.  Gambling wasn't so great, Bar area was not all that.  Pool area was awesome.
We had a great stay at the Aria. I know they call it "off-strip" but it's really so close it doesn't matter. I signed up for the Aria email list and was able to get a great rate about a week before our stay. $25 resort fees are lame but seems to be the standard thing to do in Vegas. I would rather just get an honest room fee up front. . Check-in was a bit of a mess since it was Friday early evening. They had 100 little lines and of course the people in front of me took forever. I finally had my husband go get in another line and he beat me to the front. Unfortunately, we weren't able to get a room on the same floor as our group, which meant we had separate elevators. We had to go all the way down to get on a different elevator to go back up to their floor. . The room was beautiful and modern. Maybe even a little too high-tech. You can control the curtains from the TV. The bath area is in the shower stall, which is kind of weird but I have no desire to take a bath there so it doesn't matter. The toilet area has its own door, which is nice if you were sharing the room. The pool was nice and we didn't have any trouble finding a lounge chair in the middle of day - thank goodness! . I would definitely stay here again.
Amazing room gReat rate friendly staff !! .  Poolside is FAB  ,i see NO KIDS. !!!! .   Am happy !! now let the luck be with me today :-).  . Ps had food at the buffet and it was verry nice for the price !!!
Aria is amazing! . . I stayed for one night over Labor Day Weekend. Upon entry, you may notice the lobby smells like vanilla. You know what it doesn't smell like? Cigarette smoke. Yes, it was still there, but it wasn't hitting you in the face. . . After a quick elevator ride, I made my way to my room on the 20th floor. Wow, what a view! . . Everything in the room is ran off of a central remote: the curtains, the lights, the TV. . . The bathroom was amazing. Toilet in a separate room, and the bathtub was inside of the walk in shower (which also had a bench). There was a makeup mirror attached to the wall, and the double sink was great. . . I didn't have much time to explore the rest of the hotel (restaurants, shows, or even the pool!) or the attached mall, but I look forward to checking out Aria again.
Stayed here for a bachelor party last weekend... really, really nice place.   Very friendly staff in both the hotel areas and casino.  The design of this place is awesome - perfectly modern, kind of masculine, and very open.  . . I also appreciate the fact that the newer casinos aren't quite so gigantic. It can become impossible to find your group in some of the bigger places if you wander off for a drink or find yourself alone at a hot table.
My husband booked a corner suite for our anniversary at the Aria and it didn't disappoint.  From the moment we entered the lobby I was in love.  The whole place smells amazing and the casino is off the the side and at first I didn't even notice it.  Our room was wonderful, comfortable bed, good view and quiet.
We stayed at the Aria for a portion of our honeymoon and we loved it!!  The rooms are so modern, they have floor to ceiling windows, and the decor is great!  The rooms are spacious, and you really feel like you are staying in luxury.  I didn't want to leave!!  This was by far our favorite place we've stayed on the strip, and I plan to return in the future!
Five stars because I was able to walk right into their pool without a roomkey in the middle of the afternoon in July! Thanks idiots!
When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised with a free upgrade to suite! Our first impression when we walked in was "WOW!" It was so beautiful inside and the room had all these modern upgrades. The room was a great size and we had an awesome view of the strip. I loved that you could control the curtains/lights/tv etc with the fancy little tablet which doubles as a remote control and alarm clock. The bed was seriously the most amazing bed I had ever slept on, so comfortable! The Aria is a beautiful place and they have some amazing restaurants onsite. They have really helpful and friendly staff on hand at all times too! We did not want to leave. I'll for sure be back!
Beautiful ultra-modern hotel with amazing restaurants, bars, and gaming. You don't really have to leave this hotel foranything. If you do, Aria is located center strip next to everything fun. Room automation is the best around.
I Love you ARIA. I truly do.  I already knew you were pretty and shiny, two of my favorite things. But you also have a whole lot of wonderful going on  as well. . . I must say that driving up to you , ARIA , is a feast for the eyes, gorgeous modern buildings with visuals extras such a beautiful fountain, great statue and clean cirular drive add to your visuals.  From the start ,we were greated and treated well. Everywhere we went the staff greeted us and acted liked they enjoyed their work . The valets were courteous and listen to our needs . ( not all my encounters with valets are that nice ) Bell hops, clerks and other various workers greeted us , smiled and acted friendly. Thank you Aria , not all Hotels do that anymore. . . The lobby and entry into Aria is modern yet there is a warmth created by the use of earthy decorations  such as leafy screens and tree structures that were soft in their design. Mettalic structures and decorations abound yet they are soft in circular in their look.  Also I swear they pump in the smell of vanilla in the Casino , smart  move ARIA  , makes me feel welcomed, hungry and relaxed all at the same time. . .  I was surprised when I finally arrived at my room (it's a bit of a trek , one of the furthest from the elevators, not a big deal to me but to some it would be offputting).  The technologically advanced  room  is a fun  , the automatic opening of curtains, mood music, and a personalized welcome written out on the TV screen are neat touches. We had a view of lights from a windowed wall of our room , beautiful buildings and it felt amazing to look out and see the strip. . . The rooms at the Aria are clean, modern, and pleasant, the maid service went beyond clean  she even organized my Diet Coke cans!! ...Loved the button that highlights outside the door whether you want privacy or the room cleaned. They have all of the amenities you'd expect from such a fancy/high end hotel.  The bed is super comfortable and the blackout curtains are pretty amazing.  Great robes and toiletries too! The bathroom is like a mini spa..You have a  marbled shower room that has a sunken tub. Aria, I love you ! I could have stayed in there forever.. . You need to know  that the Aria is huge - if you go here, be prepared to do a lot of walking.  Be prepared to do a lot of spending $$  for munching also;.  Everything at this hotel is pricey including the coffee shops, restaurants, bars, in-room snacks, etc... I highly recomend the Jean Phillippe Pastry shop downstairs , they make it tough to not have a decadent goodie.
Best turn down service - the Housekeeping staff is fabulous from the mints to ice in the bucket when you come back.  The rooms are nice first time I had seen the tub on the other side of the shower stall.  The hotel  in general with the fresh scented air to the upscale vibe that doesn't leave you wanting a shower after entering would make this a fist choice on the next trip to Vegas.
AMAZING!!! We just spent the weekend at Aria & could not believe how wonderful it is. Both of us agree that this is the best treatment by staff we have ever, ever experienced. Everyone was polite, helpful & went out of their way to make sure things were as perfect as possible. The room was gorgeous-modern, clean, comfy. The fact that the room is electronically controlled (e.g., the curtains, temp control etc) by an iPad type screen is awesome! Turndown service was wonderful. The casino is nice too. Not as smokey as some. Sports & book area are great! Much more comfortable than most sports book areas. Seriously...cannot say enough good about this place!!!! LOVE ARIA!!!
You haven't stayed at Aria... Until you have stayed in the Sky Suites. All I can say is wow wow wow. Our 1 bedroom suite was amazing and the views were insane! This suite had your main master bathroom that had a shower with a steam room feature and a soaking tub. His and hers sinks... The bathroom alone was probably the size of a regular room. Oh and u have to love a heated toilet seat.... C'mon. As some of the other reviews mentioned they have automatic curtains controlled via remote along with the lighting and anything else u could imagine.  They also had a good night and morning feature so at certain times various things could turn on or off depending on how you set them. The furnishings in the apartment (any hotel room over 1000 sq ft with various living spaces is an apt... Lol) were well done and very modern. Kudos to ur interior designer! The separate lobby entrance for the Sky Suites made you feel special along with the separate shorter line cards that they gave you for the delicious Cafe. The unlimited wine, sodas and water and snacks were delicious in the lounge area of the Sky Suites. I can just go on and on about this place truly an unforgettable experience! There is no place else to stay to me in Vegas, but Aria Sky Suites!! I will be back!
We stayed here last week and it was excellent!  From checking in to check out, everything was smooth.. . Our suite was clean and well decorated.  The bed is comfortable and everything you need is in the room.  The robes provided were the best I've ever worn in any hotel.  Gonna see if I can get one! :-). . The decor of the casino floor was modern.  The elevators were super fast (even though we were on the top floor).  Service was great!  So many great restaurants inside Aria that I didn't get to try it all(yet!).. . Room service is great!  The food was well made and fresh.  Portions are huge!  If you stay here and order breakfast, you have to try the blueberry pancakes.   They are amazing!!!. . For those that come to Vegas for work or have to have Wi-Fi, they have free Wi-fi!!. . I love staying here and will be back!
Wow. I love this place. Stayed here for my wife's 40th Birthday back in November. When we checked in, a room on the 3rd floor was assigned to us. Maria at the front desk was very helpful and graciously found us the same room (corner suite) but on the 35th floor. . . The staff everywhere im the hotel was very friendly. I love the modern decor and features throughout the entire hotel. I especially liked the fact that it was not to crowded either on the casino floor. The Cosmopolitan next door was packed and full of action, but it was not as clean as the Aria's casino floor. . . For us, the Aria is the type of place to stay at that is so comfortable that we did not feel the need to go and loiter anywhere else. We will be back again!
The Aria is NOT CAMPY like many of the other hotels in Las Vegas.  It doesn't need to create an illusion of being somewhere else other than Nevada (think The Venetian).   Tourists will be impressed by The Venetian for different reasons.  Folks who have never been to Venice will feel that they're in Venice and be dazzled.   Others who have been to the real Venice will be impressed by the high quality recreation.  Think Walt Disney World.   The Aria is much more sophisticaed and subtle....check out the cacti garden in front of the Jean George Steakhouse and large blocks of raw granite interspersed throughout the property.  This is a . GREEN hotel....that in itself is a great statement.
Luxury. PURE Luxury.. . Everything about the Aria Hotel was thought out, from the food selection to the signature vanilla scent in the lobby, there is nothing mundane about Aria. . . Be prepared to be swept off of your feet by the service, the location, and the amenities. When you enter your room it is ALL systems are a go. The automated curtains draw back to let in the amazing view, the lights turn on, and you can even program it to que up your favorite music. . . The bed was to die for, so comfortable. The bathroom has both a HUGE tub and a HUGE shower, and they are both behind the same door which is a new concept I've never seen before but was a really nice feature. If you are sharing the room with a friend, have no fear, there are two large wardrobe closets, plenty of drawers, and of course the standard desk/nightstand. . . The room is the epitome of high tech. Not only do the key cards to get in the door operate via touch, everything in the room can be controlled by one central remote; but be careful, this lead to me turning off the house lights instead of the TV while my friend was in the shower haha. . . I also visited the pool during my stay. The water was the perfect temperature and super refreshing in contrast to the desert heat. Plenty of chairs to lay out, and they are not at a shortage of sun rays for your tan. . . As far as clubbing and going out, it is just a short walk or cab ride to the best clubs in town, and the taxi line was NEVER longer than 5 people, which was great, and we were there over Halloween Weekend. . . Overall, my time spent at Aria was amazing, and by best Las Vegas hotel experience to date. Great location, Great Service, Beautiful hotel.
Stunning, impressive, classy are just a few words to describe the Aria.  I was comped 2 free nights and decided to take them up on it.  From check in to check out my experience there was 5 stars!  The room was beautifully decorated.  Loved walking in the room and lights go on, curtains automatically open up and music comes on!  Nice touch!  I was amazed at all the exquisite restaurants on this property.  So many meals, so little time!  lol  Every single staff member I spoke to was friendly, nice, smiling, and helpful!  Aria has a very happy, highly trained staff there!   I highly recommend the Aria for a true luxury Vegas experience!
It's like a big box electronics store had sex with high hotel, and gave birth to a baby and named it Aria.  My gf and I went here for our anniversary weekend and could not have been happier.. . Note: I don't gamble.  Nor does my gf.  We go to Vegas for the food, amenities and to take much needed reality breaks from home.  Aria was a welcome respite!!  The hotel lobby was clean and the place seemed packed.  Not sure how they deal with the usual smoke we're bombarded with at other hotels in Vegas - but Aria had dealt with it very well.. . Valet was quick and courteous.  The folks at the front desk were personable and chipper, even after dealing with gawd knows how many people.  The room was clean and the tech was mind blowing.. . For damned sure we would go back.
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!. . Rooms: Regular guestrooms are very spacious and modern. The doors to the restroom actually lock. Beds are comfortable. You need a guest key to get passed security. Separate elevators so you get up and down the rooms quickly.. . Restaurants: Great variety of casual dining and upscale dining.. . Front Desk: Always cheerful when I'm checking in even in the middle of the night. They always strike up conversations while helping you rather than just greeting you, getting your information, and sending you off.. . Casino: LOVE the dealers. They're so funny and always involved in the game. I was thrown off by the strong vanilla scent in the air but after having stayed here a few times, that scent has grown on me. Smells like I'm home every time I walk in there and take a wift of that wooden vanilla.. . Shopping: Expensive. Surprising? No. Very nice to walk around and window shop. It's brightly lit and well decorated. Very open walkways. . . Absolutely beautiful casino and wonderful staff. Highly recommend staying and playing here.
This place is amazing! Great service, friendly staff, and gorgeous architecture. . Thanks to all the staff at Aria, we plan to celebrate many more anniversaries here.
This is my second time staying at Aria to celebrate my birthday with my girlfriends, overall experience is great. . . Pros-. . Front desk:always cheerful and polite.. Room: Corner room Strip-view on the 22nd floor.love their memory foam mattress and pillow, you can purchase them at the hotel. . Surprise:I had a plate of complimentary birthday dessert with a card shows " happy birthday! " delivered to my room, sweet.. Securities: security man and hotel staffs are well-trained , makes me feel pampered.. . Cons-. small rooms : compared to palazzo/venetian, rooms in aria are tiny.. . nice hotel with hight quality of service.
I'm super picky on my hotels, but boy did Aria deliver.  From the valets to the front desk folks to the maids, everyone was beyond friendly, helpful and chipper.  I really felt welcomed and at home by everyone we encountered.. . The hotel itself is one of my favorites - sleek and modern design with fabulous art throughout to gawk at.  They were re-doing the carpet in the casino when we checked in and it was impressive to see how quickly and unobtrusively they worked - they really get how to take care of their clientele in every situation.. . Our room was perfect - not the largest room of our Vegas trip, but definitely the best appointed.  The bathrooms are great (and lock if that's important to you) with a glassed in shower with rainfall shower head that is also right next to a giant bath tub.. . The room's lights, temperature, television and window curtain / sheers are all operated by computer - handy for wake ups and the chronically lazy who hate getting out of bed to shut off that far lamp at night.. . My only complaint about our Aria stay was that I felt like my belongings (toiletries in the bathroom, laptop / power cables / work stuff on the desk) were man handled way more than I'm used to.  . . I get wanting to tidy up and replenish soap and water glasses, but I've never had a cleaning crew actually 'put away' things for me (as in -- put some of my toiletries into drawers and try to stuff the rest in a make up bag I left on the counter ---- they even piled papers and unplugged my computer to put on the chair so they could move hotel brochures back into their original place on the desk.  REALLY inconvenient as I was returning for a work conference call that I had set everything up for).. . The only reason I mention this is that when moving all of my toiletries (multiple days in a row) a bottle of my perfume was broken after apparently falling out of my make up bag that I had zipped before leaving (weird) AND my glasses were bumped and had fallen into the trash.  The hotel responded amazingly well and took care of me to the max around the smashed perfume, but....  it still kept happening (even after I left a note politely asking the cleaning crew to take it easy).. . I will absolutely be back, but will be sure to spend more time putting away my stuff before heading out each day.  Aria is a fabulous place to be!!
Okay so was 2 out of 5 and now...they brought chocolates. This equals girlfriend happy so upgrade to 5 out of 5. Thanks Aria best hotel ever! No longer planning a stay at the Cosmopolitan :). . Note, if you miss the chocolates all you need to do is call housekeeping and they literally send you over 20 chocolates...
It's hard not to like this place since its so new and clean. From the moment you enter the lobby, sweet smelling oxygen greets you. The check-in/-out process is much more painful than it was on my first visit two years ago, but clearly they are busier than when they first opened. There is a nice selection of places to eat and shop, with a very high-end mall attached. The pool area is incredible. Even the conference rooms are very nice. Rooms are spacious with large shower and bath plus a separate toilet enclosure. The high-tech features of the lighting on the TV is a nice touch. I will always try to stay here when in Vegas.
Loved this hotel. Absolutely Loooooved it!. The rooms are nice and modern. Tv, lights and curtains are managed via remote control thru the tv which is really cool. The staff is friendly and kind. Regarding the restaurants:. 1) Spanish food: Julian Serrano: two thumbs up. Delicious. Waiters get. Little bit In your face though.. 2) Italian: Sirio: another two thumbs. Yummie Italian food and desserts. . 3) cafe Vettro: nice and practical. Lots of options to choose in the menu. Open 24 hours.. 4) dessert and pastries: Jean Philippe: some of the staff is rude but the pastries and the coffee mmm mmmm good.. 5) the buffet: did not like it at all. Staff is really nice. But the options I thought where few and not that good.. . TIPS. DAILY SERVICE FEE:  Yes the hotel charges a 25 dlls daily service fee which includes, wifi, daily newspaper, gym and phone calls. Which by the way Vegas is doing is, pretty reasonable. Just make sure you make you get the 25 dlls worth. . FREE TRAM: there is a free tram that takes you to crystals shopping center and Monte Carlo. This tram is really useful when coming back from Bellagio or Caesars Palace.. . I recommend this hotel, best price if bought in a package.
Mlife has brought me here repeatedly and I always enjoy my stay!. . Aria is a modern and gorgeous hotel with the friendliest staff!  Known for being the greenest hotel on The Strip, Aria is truly a great place the stay at --- my preferred place to stay at!  The rooms are clean, the beds are inviting, and it's very modern and chic.  Everything is controlled by a bedside tablet and it's convenient.  I love how the tub and shower are connected so you can splash around [be it single or with a partner] and not have to worry about making a mess.  ;)  Jean Phillippe Patisserie is right downstairs and they have some truly delicious sweet treats.  The Buffet at Aria is also pretty spectacular and they have a 24-hr cafe to cure your drunken cravings.  And being a short-walk to Monte Carlo's monorail is definitely a plus.  It's connected to Crystals after all!  . . Hey, a girl loves to shop.. . Anyways, while The Cosmopolitan has definitely stolen some of the lime light, I prefer the friendlier Aria staff and people compared to the snobby Cosmo staff.  The guests here are generally not as snooty too.  Only downside is there's not much to offer entertainment-wise.  Oh well.  That's why you visit Vegas, right?  Walk The Strip and be seen!
Me and my boyfriend are Vegas junkies and I keep an eye out for good deals.  We hit the jack pot and found a room for $87 a night with $100 food and beverage credit.. . The valet was a little confusing.  We had to sit in our car for a few minutes wondering if we were in the right place before someone came over.  But from the moment we stepped out of our car the service was exceptional.  . . We arrived on a Thursday night and were in the check in line for less than a minute.  We always try the sandwich trick in Vegas but were a little hesitant because this property is still so new. It worked like a charm.  We had booked the cheapest room and our check in attendant worked hard and managed to get us  a room with a phenominal view on the 53rd floor.  He even had a complimentary mini fridge set up when I inquired about storing medication in the mini bar.   . . Our room was georgeous.  The view was breathtaking.  My boyfriend really enjoyed the high tech remote thing.  I didn't do so great with it but that's just me and my clumsy fingers.  The closet was really big and I liked that we had  a his and hers side.  I'm OCD when it comes to keeping my hotel room neat and I liked that we didn't have to have our suitcases out in the open.  It's also nice to be able to settle in a bit.  It made for a much more enjoyable vacation. The bed was one of the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in.  Every night I fell right to sleep. Literally.  Waking up at 6am everyday to change into my pajamas and get ready for bed became a daily ritual.  I'll be purchasing the pillows.  They were the perfect combination of squishy and firm.  I wish I could afford the sheets.. . On our second day we decided to go the buffet.  Had a little incident with our waitress who accidently dumped a diet coke on my lap.  When my boyfrind politely let someone know and inquired about having my pants cleaned they gave us the choice of cleaning my pants or comping our meal.  It was a little awkward having to deal with security over diet coke but it made for a good story.  It also was a great excuse to go buy new pants.. . Overall the service was oustanding.  The hotel was beautiful and smelled so delicious.  The location was perfect. Everytime we go to Vegas we like to try a new hotel in search of the best.  I don't think we will be continuing that tradition.  Aria is  our favorite.  We had the pleasure of staying at Aria's sister property Vdara last time and it was just as nice, but due to Aria's slightly better location I prefer it to Vdara.
Stayed over Labor Day Weekend but I am just getting around to writing the review. The hotel itself is nice, clean, modern and casino floor doesn't smell like smoke! Rooms are nice! They are definitely where all future hotels will be heading. Had a total of 4 rooms 5 nights staying through Labor Day Weekend and we were able to get the room types we asked for which was great(1 king 3 2beds) but the best part of it was 99/night each room! saved about 50%. Would definitely stay here again!
I had such a great experience at Aria! We spent a lot of our vacation using the hotel's amenities. We stayed in a city view king bed room. The room was ultra futuristic! The lights were all synced and when you didn't want to get up from bed you can use the touch screen tablet to turn on/off lights, watch tv, and open the drapes. The downside of the tablet is its really slow and takes forever to dim a light or change a channel. . . The very first thing I did even before unpacking was turn on the bath tub. It was calling my name! The bath tub and shower are separated but next to each other which was interesting. The vanity had one of those magnifying mirrors which is awesome when doing make up. . . The bed is like a cloud. I wish I spent more time in it! There was lots of pillows and even a body pillow. . . The only things that I didn't like about our stay was the fridge was full of mini bar drinks. Meaning no room for left overs or your own beverages. The mini bar is weighed so don't pick anything up because you will be charged! They can bring in a fridge for personal use but at an extra charge. . . Check in and out were pretty easy. Just before 11am it does get a little long but you can check out through email which allows you to get out of the line. . . Concierge and front desk staff are very nice and helpful. We left a tablet in one of the rooms after checking out and although it took an hour they made sure it was brought back to us in one piece.. . Overall we very much liked the hotel amenities as well. The casino was clean and didn't have that dense smoke smell in it. The tram, strip, self parking, and valet are all walking distance since room elevators are centralized. Plus it is part of the MGM players club so on top of getting points for whatever I bought there I could use the same card at lots of other hotels like The Mirage and Bellagio. . . I will definitely be staying at Aria again! I wish my vacation was longer!!
Absolutely wonderful experience. My wife and I have been to Vegas two times prior and the City Center had been under construction both times so we decided this time to stay at a brand new hotel.. We went this time for my 30th and my best friends 30th. Neither her nor her husband had every stayed in Vegas before.. The staff at the Aria was second to none for helpfulness and friendliness not only in Vegas but most of the hotels we've stayed at in the US.. The place is incredible, everything is top shelf. The check in was painless, compared to The Mirage (they could really care less if you get checked in or not) or the Flamingo (you can't even compare the two). No problems getting rooms close together (if you want you get pre book adjoining rooms for a fee $$$$$$). Express elevators get you to your rooms in no time. The Buffet is amazing. Hell even the slots payed well. . In short if you want a great Vegas experience stay at The Aria!!!!
This place rocks. Yes it is busy as hell on the casino floor but your room is an oasis of great design and technology. The bed is amazing. The room, lights, curtains, AC and more is fully controlled by a tablet and also through the tv. The cleaning staff here is the best and they are very detailed so much so I tipped them every day.. . Other than the bed, which you can buy by the way, I absolutely love the bathroom and shower in this hotel. . I've walked through quite a few other places here in Vegas but I don't think I will ever stay anywhere else in Vegas.  . . p.s. This place and the Monte Carlo are tied for the best smelling lobby in all of Vegas.
I loooove the rooms here. I love how high tech the rooms are and the warm chocolate brown contemporary decor. I wish the rooms were a little bigger though.
Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. It's soooo gorgeous. Did not stay here this time.  Came in off the street to check the place out.  It has a quite large casino area with very high ceilings  Someday when I come back here I'll definitely stay here.  It just so beautiful and I'm sure the rooms are just urber fab fab.
Best hotel on the strip. Always have a great time here. Casino is awesome especially poker.
I was there earlier in the week and everything that has been described by other Yelp users is true.  I arrived in the evening and had a long distance to walk from where the bus from the airport dropped us off underneath the facility on the south side.  While it was a long distance you get to walk past all of the casino games.  . . TIP:  Take a cab from the airport to the Aria.  They will drop you off right in front of the lobby.. . The lobby was well staffed and moved quickly through the line.  We walked back to the elevators which are separated into four banks.  My room was on the 6th floor, overlooking the city and when I got to the room my mind proceeded to get blown.  I swiped the keycard and opened the door the room lights slowly brightened, the black-out curtain automatically retracted, followed by the sheer.   Then the TV turned on.  It was just that little "extra" that proves the designers of the Aria knew how to deliver the goods.. . TIP:  If you arrive at night, get familiar with the layout and light switches.  There is a master switch by the door that will turn everything on to full brightness - or turn everything off immediately.. . The room was very clean, and everything can be controlled either via an interface on the TV, or from a remote located on one of the beside tables.  The king size bed had great pillows, as well as a superior mattress and bedding.. . The room does have a mini-bar that is well stocked with everything from candy bars, chips, and soft drinks, to your favorite beers and distilled liquors.   Of course the Aria is hoping you'll take advantage of these goods and pay the higher prices, whichmight be necessary if your in the mood.. . TIP:  The Aria requires a credit card at check in for incidentals.  This amounts to an extra $130/night authorized as pending.  Of course everything is reversed once you check out and the final bill is reconciled.  If you decide to use your bank/debit card keep in mind your financial institution will block this amount from the balance in your account and the credit may take a few days to appear before they release your funds again.. . While I was only there for business, and I'm not a gambler I thought the prices in the two restaurants were comparable with other Las Vegas fine dining.  And just as the other Yelpers mentioned, it's proximity to the airport, integration with the tram system, and connection to the City Center which has upscale dining and retail shopping makes this a definite destination.. . Even though I was there for a short time I will be back again with my spouse and enjoy all the other portions of the complex, like the pool/spa, buffet, and perhaps the casino.  Thanks again for a great stay Aria.  It made my business trip memorable.
I highly recommend the Aria as a destination for visitors. My company held our Real Estate convention at the Aria, and we stayed in a gorgeous suite with lots of room and  a great bathroom. The service there was fantastic, very professional and helpful. Great Nite club, lots of eateries and a Casino I finally broke my bad luck streak with. This was the first time I've ever gone to Las Vegas, and didn't leave the hotel the whole stay with the exception of rides from and to the airport.
Probably my favorite hotel in Vegas.  Great food, great service, fantastic casino, good shows, brand new tech savvy rooms and views to die for.
This place is great! Its so easy to really loose your money here. There is no shortage of tables, and it seems to be a very efficiently ran place, although the employees there I encountered at the tables were rude. I won't penalize them for that this time around because I had the same thing happen at my favorite hotel recently. Both the table and slot layouts are perfect. Easy to navigate place, and beautiful inside and out. The rooms are nice and modern, although a bit small and pricey for what you get considering they demand near top dollar. The restrooms in the casino are darn nice too, although difficult to find, this I found to be the only real planning issue on their part. Otherwise, great!
Aria Buffet WOW We had the lunch buffet.. What ever your heart desires Super Sea Food split crab legs Shrimp and snapper WOW. I got thirds on them.. Dessert again fantastic.. We will go for the third time when we are back in town.
No complaints what so ever! Great service from the time I arrived. The valet service was quick and pleasant. The person at check in was very friendly. The bellman who brought the luggage to our room was very polite. Even brought a bag of ice to the room for us. Something I had never had done for me before. The cleaning services were awesome. They organized everything gave us lots of extra towels. The turn down service was awesome. They even left little chocolates for us....who does that anymore. I am going back in a month and I can't wait!!
Yet again another high classed hotel!When I came here I was given a room that nobody slept in!The rooms are pretty nice,very high tech with a remote control box that controls everything.My only complaint is the bathroom sliding door.My bros were in the bathroom,locked the door,they couldn't get out.. Luckily,there is a telephone in the water closet.Also,I felt like the rooms are a bit kind of small.The water closet(Toilet room)has smoked glass doors instead of solid wood doors.I personally recommend this hotel to all.. Words that describe the rooms:Clean,High-Tech,High-Classed,Nice...........
We've never stayed at Aria before and must say it was a great experience.  The staff was extremely friendly.  The hotel was very clean, warm and inviting. The room was great.  Everything seemed new and very clean.  . . We will definitely stay here again.
Stayed over Thanksgiving 2012 for 4 days / 3 nights. Such a wonderful experience. Vegas was relatively empty right up until Thanksgiving Day, which was kind of nice. (The cab drivers however will tell you otherwise.). . Every employee at the Aria seemed as if they were going out of their way to be courteous. And the Concierge was great when I wanted a floral display to surprise my girlfriend, suggesting a rose petal arrangement. And I was in awe when it didn't cost me an arm & a leg. The Aria is a bit pricier when it comes to their restaurants & casual eateries, but that's to be expected. For those on a budget, I would still suggest staying at the Aria & getting food elsewhere. Next door the Monte Carlo has a food court & more modestly priced casual dining. The Buffet was closed when I went, but I've eaten there before & I hope the renovations mean it's only getting better, because it was pretty good when I went in 2010.. . We stayed in a king room on the 22nd floor. Not the greatest view as we faced west away from the strip (and towards the Vdara & I-15). But the truth is when you're in Vegas how much time are you sitting in your room anyway. The room is very modern, with plugs to just about every type of electronic device you may have. There's also a bedside tablet that controls lighting, the TV, the blinds in the room, alarms, etc.. . Housekeeping was amazingly accommodating, always asking us exactly what we wanted switched out, leaving extra pillows without us asking (I assure you was going to ask), and even organizing our toiletries.. . What the Aria does is create an atmosphere of an entire staff being on the same page trying to create a unique & memorable experience while in Vegas. At least more so than any other hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. It is a little pricier than some of the other hotels on the strip, but it's absolutely worth it. If you can get a deal on the rooms, I highly recommend the Aria.. . Stayed November 2012, traveled as a couple
We stayed at the tower suite and it was an absolutely remarkable experience. The bathroom was huge and nicely done, the bed was comfortable, and the entire suite was spacious and well laid out. We enjoyed a great view, both day and night, and there was nothing about our stay that we did not like.. . I am a frequent traveler and I appreciated the variety of things we were provided with - from toothbrushes to shaving razors to bath soaps. Very nice!. . We did not really order any food as we were eating out and we never had to call the front desk for anything as there was nothing else we needed. The check-in and check-out process was very fast and easy. Absolutely enjoyable!
Stayed here this past weekend. Superb hotel.  Nice as could not smell smoke in the room, hallways, elevators or restaurants.  Room was large, spotlessly clean and well appointed.  Remote battery was dead....housekeeping was there in 5 min to fix it.   Front desk was friendly and check in line moved quickly.  Bed was super comfy, good water pressure.  Easy parking.  I normally stay at TheHotel but this was a nice change and we would stay here again.
Great hotel, wonderful staff, very clean and new. Ilove this hotel and will away come back here.
I've noticed a lot of negative reviews of this property, but I'm not sure exactly where they really are coming from. I've stayed at this property since going to Las Vegas has become sort of a "hobby" for my girlfriend and I. Anyways, some quick tips and then to a comprehensive review.. . QUICK TIPS! QUICK TIPS! QUICK TIPS!. . 1. Parking is plentiful. After Harmon Way, there is an inlet for Crystals, Mandarin Oriental, and for Aria! . . 2. Instead of parking on the second floor of the parking structure, try parking on the THIRD FLOOR! That gives you direct access to the walkway to the casino and saves you an elevator trip.. . 3. The 20 dollar tip trick has held true for me here. If you don't know what it is, it's a check-in trick that allows you to get a "complementary" upgrade from whoever checks you in.. . 4. If you're going to Vegas for a specific reason--Bachelorette party, first time in Vegas, wedding anniversary, relationship anniversary, etc.--mention this when booking in the comment section and mention it again when you're checking in. It pays to be excited! They might be able to comp you some shows or send you up a dessert platter on the house.. . 5. If you're looking for a quick bite, Jean Phillipe is just downstairs to the right of the elevators. No fancy chocolate fountain, but a smaller wait and less tourists taking photos.. . 6. There is a tram that has three stops: 1. Monte Carlo/Parking lot of the Aria, which is really the entrance to the casino on the third floor of the parking structure; 2. Crystals for shopping, also has the best direct entrance to the check-in area, 3. Bellagio/Vdara, both are accessible from that location. . 7. Turn down service! Request this and you get some awesome chocolates and nice comfy slippers. Pretty standard at most hotels, but at Aria it feels like a treat. Really romantic for couples. :). . . Now the real deal, the big review.. . I love the Aria. I won't ever cheat on the Aria as long as they can still serve up the fantastic room deals that they usually have. We just got back yesterday from our trip and we were able to book at $95 a night with $100 Food and Beverage credit. Look for the deals and avoid the upsell. You can easily tip the person checking you in a $20 to secure a higher floor with view or even if you go all out a panoramic corner suite. This is what me and my girlfriend was able to get to! We had an awesome person check us in early in the afternoon who hooked us up majorly.. . Anyways, this hotel is my favorite place to stay because of the service, the decor, the rooms, and the gaming area. In terms of service, it's a big deal for me to see people actually greet you in the morning with a genuine smile. I know that it's difficult to work in the service industry, but I've never had a really bad complaint about the service. Sure, sometimes the shampoo is a little low or a robe never makes it back from the laundry. However, whenever we complained about any housekeeping detail, the staff has been incredibly apologetic and willing to bend over backwards to make it right for us.. . Next, I want to say that the rooms are lavish and the bed is fantastic. To be honest, the bed feels like sleeping on a cloud with all that padding. Sometimes though I find the bed to be too soft (First World Problems, I know!) and I end up aching a bit. But, the rooms have been designed with some comfort in mind. I love the shower/tub design that most resort rooms are fitted with. I'm not so much a fan of how the corner suites are set up, but that's another issue because they are still incredibly comfortable.. . For me, another thing that makes the Aria stand out is how awesome the decor is. It feels very modern, clean, and very comfortable. The subtle and unmistakeable vanilla smell radiates throughout the casino floor. It made me want to get an ice cream! The other thing that I've noticed is that the smell of smoke is really well contained in the Aria. This also brings me to the next point about the gaming area, I've never had any problems with the dealers or finding a cocktail waitress. In fact, most of the time I've had them come within five or so minutes of me sitting down or have had them come by multiple times. Even during the down times in mid day or late morning, there was nothing that caused me to believe that we wouldn't get good service. Furthermore, the tables and chairs are all comfortable and the slot chairs are well padded!. . I've had nothing but very positive experiences with the Aria, and I can't wait to get back there again sometime in the future!
love it
This is one of the better hotels I've stayed at in Las Vegas. Take this review with a grain of salt, because I've stayed at alot of craptacular hotels especially in my younger days. I'm talking Rodeway Inn, Hooters, Riviera, Circus Circus. I thought I was bout dat life when I was in my twenties.Thought I was doing it big. ha.. . Aria is a modern hotel with really awesome conveniences that one would expect at this price point. I believe they were charging $450 the night we stayed. When the wifey and I walked in we were greeted with a spacious room, modern decor, a mandigo sized bed and views of the strip that were gnar. Everything in the place was  controlled by a tablet  that allowed you to open and close the blackout curtains, dim the lights. Very convenient. Very pimp. Very Fresh Prince of Bel Air.. . The lobby and checkin is like Lindsey Lohan. A hot mess. However, once you get through that painful line it is all good in the hood.. . I really can't see myself staying at a hooters or circus circus again. I can't.
My favorite place to stay...Clean, Affordable (when you get a good deal), smells great & front desk/staff was awesome. Ill be back.
Arriving at the Aria on a Friday afternoon had me scared when we saw that the check-in line was 50-deep. But after taking a deep breath and a look around (pretty!), I stood my place in line and my sweet boyfriend went on a cocktail run. 20 minutes and one drink later, we were checked in to our room and handed a VIP envelopefull of drink vouchers and club passes (yay!). Went up to the room, and was very impressed! This is a bachelor pad that is suitable for a woman. Loved the decor and the modern features. Had a wondeful 24 hours and decided that this is the go-to hotel for future Vegas trips.  Some highlights:.  . -Pools... they are not over the top but just right. There are 3 pools and the Liquid Lounge (pool party 21+ pool).. get there early to snag a lounge chair. MUST try the Berry Basil Mojito, I am in love with this drink.. -Javiers... this is supposedly the same design as the Cabo Javiers (minus the view!) Amazing cadillac margaritas.. -Location... $20 cab ride from the airport, centrally located on the strip, bridge to the Cosmopolitan hotel where the fun night spots are.. -Cleanliness of the hotel... I know it is a new hotel and in ten years things will be different, but it looked clean, smelt clean and for the first time I didnt come home with everything in my bag smelling like "Vegas"
The staff has been really great. I had a few unusual requests.. . I love that Aria is kinda arty for the strip. I ama huge fan of Frank Gehry, so I appreciate the architecture of Crystals in the likeness of the LA philharmonic. There are some tranquil spaces & sculptures on Gallery Row. . . Maestros has a very interesting wood cage "treehouse". . It is modern chic but also playful and whimsical.. I like
Every so often I get these special promotional rates from my M-Life players card to stay here for some unspeakable prices per night for a room! Well of course i take advatage of these and let me say that even the stardard rooms here at ARIA are amazing and for the prices i usually can land them at it's almost too good to be true. The only thing i could say that i don't like about almost all the casino and hotels on the strip is that $25 resort fee. Makes no sense because if somebody really doesn't have a need for the half [--] wifi and newspaper then why charge them? Anyways all the other wondefrful things about this hotel make-up for this crazy fee. Most of the time i check in i'm always automatically upgraded to a room on a high floor WITH a view! Love it here! Never really use the room service for food because i get comps to the buffet and other food credit's around the casino! Gotta love the M-Life membership! The rooms are wonderful with the most comfortable beds i've ever slept in and the housekeeping is awesome too! Always get a late check out if it's available! Between Cosmo and here i would choose Aria Sky Suites because the service is just better overall. 5-stars across the board! Go ARIA!
I loved this place...My friend and I had an amazing view!!!! It is pricey but that's what you pay for, to feel special LOL.. Had a great time and LOVED the pool!
If this isn't 4 plus stars to you, how can you be lying to yourself?? First off, upon checking in the hotel is pretty cool. But getting to my room, the automated curtains, access to ur room from your little handheld touch screen was great. Most of all the bed is like sleeping on a cloud.. . Now I stayed here for the weekday rates ($80 +$25 resort fee) which I think is a great deal. Weekend rate was over $200 for I passed on that but if you have a choice, Aria has been my favorite Vegas hotel. Not to mention the free tram to the Bellagio, so I can walk just a little bit less and gain just a little bit more weight :)
Upscale, relaxing, and smells of Vanilla!. . I spent 3 nights at this fantastic hotel. Great customer service at all levels. From the check-line line to the Valet line, everything was first class. I know everyone is currently raving about The Cosmopolitan but I would recommend The Aria!!
This I one of the best and most beautiful hotels and casinos here in Vegas. The architecture and the style is amazing. The Bellagio better look out! The Aria's fountains do rival the water shows at the Bellagio! Absolutely stunning and a well thought out layout make the Aria a true gem!
On a recent birthday celebration trip to Las Vegas, we were blessed to have stayed at the Aria. I'm not much for glass and chrome and from the outside that's what the Aria looks like. But inside- completely different- I was completely surprised. From check-in to day of departure, we were treated very well by everyone- from first class bars and restaurants to the great pool that provides both shade and sun- we had an excellent time! I loved walking through the grounds early in the morning to look at all of the artwork that is displayed in either shop windows or about the grounds. A map is available from the front desk that will provide a self guided tour of the art that is located all over the grounds.. One of the best features of Aria is that you don't have to walk for two hours to get anywhere- it's right on the strip if you want to stroll or there is a monorail that will take you from Bellagio to the Aria to the Monte Carlo and back again- for free. Even inside the hotel things are easy to get to. . The rooms were very nice- new, modern. and clean. Pretty high tech- so I let my "mad Russian" handle all the electronics. There was a "clock" in the room that controlled all of the lighting and the motorized blackout curtains. Our view looked west toward Red Rock and we had great sunset views. We never saw the cleaning staff but when we arrived back at our room, all was made perfect again. The Shower/Tub combination was cool- set inside a glass enclosure, the shower and tub were alongside one another. One morning, we filled the tub after a workout and watched an episode of Larry David on the ipad- just because we could.... The restaurants located in Aria were unbelievable- we ate at Todd English Pub, Julian Serrano, Cafe Vettro, and American Fish- (see reviews posted). All were great and the service provided was excellent. If you want to have a great meal, start right in your Hotel/ Casino if you're staying at the Aria.. On our trip to the pool, we were met by a friendly young girl who after seeing the fair skin of my lovely date, and my olive skin, found us a spot at the pool that provided a little shade for her and a lot of sun for me- right next to each other! A note about the bar service at the pool, don't be shocked when you get the bill for the first round of two drinks, and it's $51-- to be fair though, the drinks were in big cups (that you get to keep) and the drinks were delicious-- she had a skinny cosmo and I had a mojito.. All told, I was very pleased with this resort and casino- and I look forward to coming back again- In a town that has everything, the Aria really shines!!
the casino is nice. great ambiance and decor. wish the tables paid better
Let me start of by saying BEST HOTEL STAY EVER!!! I stayed at the Aria for my Bachelorette party from May 16-19, 2013. I found this hotel online, and the pictures and reviews made it my first hotel choice. I choose to stay in a Penthouse city view, with 3 of my party attenders. . . If you reserve a penthouse they have limo pick you up from the airport and drop you off at the for no additional charge. Our limo driver was very friendly! One of my friend's flights were delayed by a few moments, but he called to verify he could wait and was very pleasant. If you stay in the penthouse or sky suites section of the hotel, you get to enter into a VIP entrance. The check in was very speedy and the concierge was very friendly! The hotel also helped get access to the night club Haze. Since we were delayed arriving, they let the promoter know to assist us with entering the club past the cutoff time. . . When I got to the room I could not believe the beautiful view of the city! I could see where Las Vegas ended and the mountains and dessert began. There were sheer curtains and dark curtains in the room, and their are buttons to open and close them and to turn the lights on and off. We had one and half bathrooms which was very convenient for the four people in my room. The full bathroom toilet heated up and was sooo amazing. The shower could be a sauna, and you could sit if you like. The view from the bathroom was amazing as well!. . The hotel has an amazing lay out. I wasn't to fond of club Haze but the GOLD LOUNGE was AMAZING and a nice atmosphere if you like little smaller crowds, easy access to the bar, and GREAT DJ. I clubbed at the Gold lounge every night. I didn't gamble, but the casino didn't smell too bad of smoke, and the layout was nice. . . . The hotel is like another reviewer said "SMACK DAB in the center" of the strip. There is also a CVS less than 5 mins away from the front entrance of the hotel. The pool area and gym was simply amazing! . . Also, my friends accidentally moved a food item off a censor in my room, but we did not eat it. I called the concierge, and the made sure i was not charged for the item. Everyone in the hotel was just so helpful and friendly! My friends thought the hotel rate was a little costly, but after our weekend stay they agreed it was WELL WORTH IT! We went to other hotels and looked around, but nothing compared to the Aria. I would def. recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Vegas looking for a relaxing and good time!
Just one of the great hotels that I visit/stay.. . Great selection of restaurants with awesome casino.. . The staffs are friendly and knowledgable.. Great service.. . Depending on the rooms you booked, the view is awesome.. I like staying here.
Definitely one of the best places to stay while in Vegas. The room was pretty big even though it was just a standard room and I loved how the whole wall was window. We had a great view of the strip. Everything is so new and nice in the room and the whole hotel. We even had luxurious robes for all of us. Not quite the center of the strip but still definitely in a good location.
First time here ..... Really enjoyed my experience.  There were a few bumps similar to other reviewers but I am not as picky I guess.  The hotel is modern, hip, and not gimmicky like most hotels on the strip.  Room was sleek, hotel staff courteous and the casino not too smokey!  Love the Promenade ... There is a Starbucks there and it smelled lovely.   Never made it to the pool but I felt like I was at the heart of the strip .... So much going on!  I plan to try out the other hotels in City Center in the future ... But would recommend Aria and would stay here again!
Very beautiful place, very expensive, but used credit card points for a free stay. We weren't too enthusiastic about gambling, but the dining and bars were enough to keep us entertained there for quite some time. We were held captive by the Aria just the same as if we were gamblers-- very nice!!!
Aria is one of the new additions to the Las Vegas strip just across the street from the new Cosmopolitan.  I booked the room through a JetBlue Getaways package that include a flight from Long Beach.  Grand total after discounts came out to $349 for the flight and two nights, plus a $25 per night resort fee.. . The hotel is pretty big in comparison to some of the other hotels.  The line for check in was daunting but we got through in about 15-20 minutes.  The rooms themselves are nice and modern.  The lights and curtains are all automated and can be controlled by a control panel next to the bed that also controls the temperature, TV, music and door panel (in case you forgot the "Do Not Disturb").  There is also a AV panel to hook up your IPod.  The downside is this panel is the only place to plug in anything since all the plugs in the room are inaccessible.  . . We spent a day in the pool, which is pretty standard and nothing special.  There is one bar and five pools.  It wasn't too crowded for a June weekend which is also a plus.  Their pool club is "Liquid" which I had heard is overrated.. . The casino is on the higher in.  The lowest minimums I saw were $50 for blackjack and $15 for craps.. . We tried their two lounges Duece and Bar Moderno which were pretty cool.  Duece is more of a club atmosphere and Moderno is more laid back.  The tapa restaurant, "Julian Serrano" was very good.. . Definitely a good place to say especially if you can get a package deal.
The Aria has beautiful rooms and if you're a M life member the price is as low as $79.00 per night.. Amazing bakery, great cafe, stayed for two days midweek!. Very low  weekday place. Check it out
This is my #1 "Go-To" hotel and casino in Vegas. I've been here quite a few times since it's opened and I have alwasy left happy. The rooms are very nice, clean and the bed is suuuuper comfy! The great thing about this place is that it is luxury that won't break the bank. It's cheaper than most hotels but just as luxurious. They have the cleanest and most comfortable poker room in Vegas. The staff is always very helpful and nice. My husband plays poker here and is always talking about how the supervisor Elayne in the poker room is always extremely helpful  with everything so we love going to her, although all of the poker room staff is wonderful and knowledgeable. We have never had any problems here besides one time someone ordering things at the pool from our room# but the staff helped us out and got it squared away in a timely manner. . We love this hotel and casino and will be coming here everytime we go to Vegas. :)
Twice my husband and I have stayed in the corner suites and have absolutely loved it.  There is something very nice about having 2 bathrooms a huge tub in front of a bank of windows and a heated toilet seat.  The bathroom has separate shower, bath and toilet done in marble and it's just so luxurious and nice.  . . Since I have only stayed in the corner suite at this hotel I can only comment on that type of room but I will say if you can spring for it I would highly recommend it.
What can you say it is a brand new hotel on the strip...great rooms, new clean casino, smells good inside, restaurants are good, nice bakery and gelato shop centrally located. Plus, I won on both the slots and tables here....but limits are pretty high.. . If you are an MLife member this is great place to use your comps and the Superbowl party is ridiculous good if you can get the invite.
A very very contemporary modern establishment. Fine wine taste with the experience that leaves you wanting to stay longer. The scent pumped thru the AC ducts can be purchased in the Elements gift shop in the form of scented sticks. State of the art electronics in the room provides convenience at your fingertips from closing the curtains to dimming lights on a remote device that can also be set to open window shades as part of your alarm/wake up. This hotel is part of the City Center complex that is centrally located in a great location on the strip. 6-Star experience in our book,
Out of all the vegas hotels that I've stayed at (from the low to high end) Aria is one of, if not the best hotel on the strip!. Venetian is nice if you're rooming with a ton of people but I think Aria and Vdara are super swanky for a couple or just one or two friends. . . My favorite part....as I'm sure everyone's most favorite part are the electric opening curtains!! Seems like such a small detail but makes a hugeeee impact on my experience! As soon as you walk into the room, you are greated with turned on lights and an automated opening curtain! If you have a nice view of the strip its even more amazing!. . I would say as a casino, its pretty small comparative to the others but it's so close to cosmo, and a short walk over the bridge to the planet hollywood. If you love to shop it's literally right downstairs to the Crystal mall. . All in all, Aria is pretty much my go to hotel in Vegas, as long as I can find a decent price. . . When you do vegas you gotta do it up! Spare not expense when it comes to your room! :)
Beautiful hotel, friendly staff, clean rooms, and great restaurants. I'd definitely stay here again, if I ever went back.
Love this place, made me feel pampered for the weekend I was there. Got room with two queens in it; very modern inside. Everything could be controlled from the remote controlled TV; felt like a freaking king my entire stay. Checked in and checked out about 10 minutes every time. It's a little pricey, but hey it's Vegas - live a little!
Can't give it anything lower then 5 stars. we went casino hopping while we were in Vegas and I fell in love with this casino. talk about over the top! This must be one of the newer casinos because everything was super super clean and pretty modern looking! My husband wasn't as impressed as I was, but I fell in love and hope to at least spend one night here next time we visit! The restaurants seemed cool, casino was off the hook and in a pretty amazing location on the strip - you could easily access both sides of the strip!. . Go check it out and put $15 on black. just saying.
This was a beautiful hotel.  I got to stay here during a conference in LV and I was blown away.  The hotel was super clean, the staff was really friendly, and there was so much to do on the property.  The only thing negative I would say is that the hotel was too big.. . Hotel Rooms:. This was one of the nicest hotel rooms I've ever stayed at.  Everything looked new and clean. I got a king bed and it was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in! There was automatic window curtains (blackout and sheer) which was pretty cool.  The best part about the room was the bathroom! There were dual sinks, a shower, and a tub! All in all...gorgeous room.. . Conference Rooms:. The conference rooms were big and very nice.  It was well equip with speaker and IT systems.  The meeting rooms spanned over 3 floors.  Due to the sheer size of the hotel, it did take a while to get to the conference rooms from my hotel room (approx. 20 minutes).. . Casino:. The casino was very nice. The staff was friendly and was very helpful. They have all the standard casino games including casino war! They also have a very nice poker room.  2am on a Tuesday night and the poker room was still all packed!. . Gym:. The gym was free to hotel guest as part of the hotel fees.  They have all kinds of machines there. My favorite machine was a rope pulling machine....you don't see those at 24 hours in Hawaii. It was definitely a bonus that Aria offered bottled water, towels, and clean earphones! There's a nice sitting area right outside the gym with a high tech fire place.  Great place to just hang out.. . Pool:. The pools were beautiful. Definitely a must check out! There were 2 or 3 pools on the property with life guards on duty.  We went kind of late so there weren't too many people. Within the pool area, there was Liquid.  It's a day club that runs like a nightclub. There is a cover but we were able to get free passes for staying in the hotel. Liquid was gorgeous! The staff was really nice and the patrons were very good looking. We will definitely be back the next time we go to Vegas.. . This is a beautiful resort and it's linked to 2 other casinos and a shopping plaza.  It may be a little expensive but I'd be back in a heart beat.
I was finally able to book a room at the Aria, and it was amazing! Seriously puts all the other hotels to shame..... . Check In: The check in line was long but they kept it moving very quickly. The woman was really nice and pointed out what we needed to know.. . Room: Ah-mah-sing. I can't rave enough about the bed. Seriously. Try it. Lay down and I dare you to try to get up and do your activities. It's that addicting. And the pillows are to die for! I believe Aria has an order form if you want to buy the mattress/pillows. I still dream of the bed. . . Aria is very high tech, they have a dash board that controls everything from the TV to the blinds. While that's nice, I'm used to turning on a switch, thank you very much. It comes to borderline creepy when they have your name lightened up across the dashboard but I digress. . . The bathrooms are killer: We had a shower/tub combo and another area for the toilet. Not sure why there was a phone in there, but hey, sometimes you gotta order something when you're on the can. Water pressure is just the right amount, my friend tried the tub which was great as well. Tons of towels to use, shampoo, conditioner, etc. Loved the bathrobes!!. . Housekeeping: Usually I don't review housekeeping unless they do something so outrageously stupid, which they didn't. They came at the right time, did their thing and left. I did notice that when I left my items haphazardly on the floor, they were lined up and neatly stacked when I got back. Don't know if I liked that or creeped out. . . Casino Floor: You lose $$ on any casino on the strip. The floor is spacious enough so you don't feel you're suffocating. Waitresses are sparse and you have to tackle them to get a drink. Games are pretty much the same.. . Decor: When you first walk into Aria, you're taken away by the design. I feel in love with the butterflies in the check in/out area.  . . Dining: We didn't use much of the dining except for the cafe which was delicious! All kinds of pastries, coffees that you can imagine. . . All in all, loved the Aria. Yes, it's expensive and you might get a sticker shock, but it is so worth it!!
Had the most amazing experience at the Aria.  My husband and I decided to book our first visit to Vegas for our 10th anniversary and we were not disappointed! . . Walking in to the beautiful lobby, we got through check-in fairly quickly.  When the person checking in heard it was our anniversary, he upgraded our reservation to a suite!  We were given a corner suite on the 37th floor, overlooking the strip- the view was gorgeous!  The room was huge- with separate living space, bedroom, and bathroom.  Everything was remote controlled- the curtains automatically were opened to reveal the sights from every angle- could even look at the strip from in the tub!  . . Our first night, chocolate covered strawberries were sent up- delicious.  Going out to see the sights from the Aria was extremely easy between the tram and the central location. The restaurants on sight that we went to were fantastic, and we loved seeing Zarkana, an easy walk from our room as well.  Didn't spend much time at the pool (hubby isn't a swimmer), but from what I saw they appeared nice.  . . Look forward to my next opportunity to visit this resort!
I stayed at Aria for a few days and I absolutely loved the place. Very classy, elegant, modern, artsy, and located in the middle of the strip! Large rooms with remote-control access to everything - TV, lights, curtains, room service - and an amazing view! I also thought their fountain and waterfall out front were really cool.
ARIA is one of my favorite hotels in Vegas! . . First off, thank you to my bf for telling me to look into Aria... and then the great deal that they were having.. . -LOVE the fact that you can check-in whenever you arrive. I came in super early so checked in around 7-8am and got a room around 11:30pm. Normal check in is 3pm but they are willing to accommodate you as quickly as they can! You get the room keys when you check in and they will text you when the room is ready (so that you don't have to go back to the front desk).. . -Customer service is SUPERB! The entire staff from front desk, bell desk, to concierge, was amazing. Customer oriented at its finest :) LOVE that there aren't super long lines for checking in or checking out. LOVE that bell desk brings your luggage up to the hotel, down from the hotel, and to the taxi line. LOVE that you can print your boarding pass at the concierge. . . -The rooms were immaculate and modern! Loved the bathroom, the robes, the automatic windows, the view, soft pillows, comfortable bed. EVERYTHING basically! :) . . ARIA is one of those hotels that you can actually call your home away from home (Especially when you get a chance to sleep in Vegas!). . -Absolutely LOVED the pool. It's huge so you really won't have a problem finding a spot. It's so peaceful and relaxing! The hot tub was nice too!. . -There's also a lot of food variety at Aria. We ordered from the Cafe, dined at the Buffet, and had delectable delights from Jean Philippe Patisserie (FAV @ Aria!). . -Would definitely visit again and stay here! :D
This was my first time to Las Vegas, and the Aria Resort and Casino was absolutely awesome!!  I loved my stay at this resort.  The staff was very friendly and helpful, great places to eat, andalso lots of activities via the pool and theatre.  The Buffet was a bit of a disappointment; however, the other food venues were great.  It is also located right on the Vegas strip, which was very convenient!
Beautiful modern contemporary hotel. Stayed here for edc, my girlfriend's bday and my bday. No disappointments. I recommend this hotel.
Over the top fantastic! We had a corner suite, which I highly recommend you upgrade to for a nominal amount as the views and bathtub are fantastic. Employees could not have been any more accommodating and overall we couldn't have enjoyed our stay anymore.
I absolutely adore ARIA! The property itself is beautiful and modern, and I love how it smells inside. I stayed here with my mom when she visited and we had such a nice stay. We originally booked a standard Queen room, but I requested an upgrade and we were upgrade to a very nice room in the Sky Suites. Even though we weren't exactly paying to be in that room, we were treated very well. They have free beverages available and food at certain times of the day as well. We were also given complementary spa passes for the duration of our stay and I also went on a tour of the property. I absolutely love the beds and pillows in the rooms and have evenbought pillows from them so I could have them at home...I really wish that I could afford the mattress now, but maybe later :-p I find that ARIA has great room rates for the quality of the rooms. I'm still not sure why people complain about the resort fee as it is properly disclosed when you make your reservation (no matter who you make the reservation through) and most of the properties on the strip have them. It seems that people who have had issues here have had them resolved reasonably, or they were one-off situations and they did not address it with any staff members. I will definitely be back to ARIA.
The Aria Hotel is the Centerpiece in the cluster-fuck that is known as City Center. . . It is architecturally stunning and has a beautiful spacious layout. Like all casinos, it is difficult to navigate. . . Aria has amazing restaurant, wonderful bars, an amazing pool. It also has establishments run by The Light Group for those trying to get their Party Rock on (Gold Boutique Lounge, Haze Nightclub, and Liquid Pool Lounge - seasonally).. . The rooms are poshand nice. All electronic hookups are connected to a remote control. How amazing is that? . . If you have the money, Aria is a solid hotel and it's by all the big and hopping megaresorts. A sure bet!
This is the best hotel experience I've ever had in Vegas.  My fiance and I travel to Vegas about twice a year, but had not yet stayed at the Aria.  Upon checking in, we received a complimentary upgrade to a penthouse sky suite from a standard room!  On a weekend!  For three nights!  The room was unbelievable.  There were two bathrooms, a kitchen, living room, and dining room.  We had friends also visiting Vegas and, honestly, the four of us had more fun celebrating in our room than on the strip.  The master bath was enormous and featured a large sinking tub in the middle of it, a heated toilet seat with a built in bidet/dryer, and a huge glass shower with a steam-room feature.  The Aria hotel is beautiful and chic, conveniently located, with many delicious dining options (we ate at Julian Serrano, Javier's, and and Blossom- all fantastic), but it was the top-notch service we received that made our anniversary unforgettable.
Billll meeeeee. I'm billable.. . OK, pricey.. Luxurious.. Long lines at check in.. Nice express check out via email.. . I will definitely go again.
Love, love this hotel! The best on the strip!!! I make sure I visit the Aria Hotel once a month, and I have never been disappointed! If you haven't stayed at the Aria, I highly recommend it , you won't be disappointed :)
Visited Vegas recently and stayed at MGM (sadly). We visited Aria and it was AWESOME. They will get my business on the next Vegas trip.
Stayed here for four nights (Thursday through Monday) and the hotel won me over. The room was first class with everything I could ever need. HUGE shower (room for wife, girlfriend, & FB) and tub was nice/ separate from shower; but all enclosed to one another. Fully stocked bar with pull down service every evening. Additionally at night, they fill your ice bucket too and leave chocolate bedside. Flat screen on the wall with an iPad to control the entire room (Even the shears and black out drapes) were controlled by a button on the wall or the iPad. Very pleased with accommodations of hotel. Things around hotel are pricey, just like all the hotels for a beverage cost of $11.50, but lots of nice candy; if u know what I mean. Thumbs up in my book, I'll be saving my bucks to come back 2014!  Pool was nice; but I gotta due some work on those abs brother!!!
very clean and modern rooms. excellent service. The Bellman came to pickup our luggage and belongings within five minutes of when the phone call was made. Really enjoyed the room and how clean it was.
this is the second time i've stayed at the aria and it really is one of the nicer hotels on the strip. we stayed in a beautiful two bedroom penthouse sky suite with a great view of the strip. i love that everything in the room is automated and they have some of the most comfortable beds i've ever slept on. one of my favorite features of the room is the steam shower; so relaxing after a long night! . . . if you can, i definitely recommend upgrading to a sky suite; you get to avoid the super long check in lines and get access to free snacks in the lounge. this came in handy whenever we were heading out (or back) and wanted a quick bite or coffee. i'm already missing their chocolate macaroons!
I might have found my go to hotel in Vegas!. . This was the first time staying at the Aria. I usually stay at the Bellagio or the Venetian, but this time I gave Aria a chance, and boy was I glad that I did. The hotel is amazing in every single way. When I first arrived to the front doors, there was only a few taxi cabs dropping passengers off. It's not like other hotels where there is a long queue that forces your taxi to wait for an additional 5 minutes.. . If there was one thing I did not like about this hotel it's the check-in line. I checked in around 11pm on a Sunday night. It took me about a half hour before I made it to the front desk. I can only imagine how bad it is during the day time when a lot of people are trying to check in at the same time. After talking to the gentleman at the front desk, he upgraded me to a City View room. I had only booked a regular room which would have faced the mountains instead of the strip. I got a room with a spectacular view on the 51st floor. (Note: the $20 tip does work here) . . Room: clean, modern, bathroom was very clean (no traces of mold/mildew), everything in the room is powered by a tablet on the nightstand. The curtains, lights, tv, temperature is all controlled through the tablet. Takes a little bit of time to get used to, but not too difficult. . . Food: There are so many options here to choose from. Each morning I would go to the Jean Philippe pastry shop right by the guest elevators on the casino floor. You can choose from crepes, pastries, coffee, muffins, croissants, sandwiches, panini, and so many other things. There is a Starbucks on the promenade level, but the line is really long in the morning. I suggest you either eat at Jean Philippe or go to Crystals and go to their Starbucks. For fine dining, you have a ton of options. I ate at Sirio and Julian Serrano. Both were really good. Take advantage of their happy hour and pre fixe menus. . . Pool: The pool area has three main pools with lots of fold down chairs. I usually went to the pool around 11am and was able to find a spot easily each day. For the younger crowed into edm, Liquid Dayclub is open I believe at 11am each day. There are promoters scattered around the hotel handing out passes to people for free/reduced admission into Liquid, so keep an eye out for them if you are interested. . . Fitness Center: So the gym is included in the mandatory resort fee that you have to pay. They have the basics that most people would need: treadmills, bicycles, ellipticals, weight machines, free weights, cable machines, area for stretching and abs. They give out free bottles of water too.. . Tram: There is a free tram that connects to the Monte Carlo and Bellagio. You can actually access the trams in two different locations at the Aria. There is a Monte Carlo/Aria station where you don't actually have to leave the hotel. To reach the Monte Carlo, you just walk a bit through a tunnel and you are right there. Not far at all. . You can also catch the tram at Crystals on the 3rd floor of that mall. Personally I think the distance to get back to your guest room is the same for both stops. . . Conclusion: I felt very safe at this hotel. The staff is very nice. I actually left my designer jacket at Jean Philippe one night and didn't remember it until the next morning. I was pretty certain the jacket was long gone. After talking to security on the phone. They were able to find it in their lost and found. What were the odds. Check out was a breeze. I did it through the television instead of waiting on that ridiculously long line in the lobby.
Great room and absolutely the very best hotel gym in Vegas.  The hotel layout is really well planned.  Food is a bit pricey but its worth the extra money to stay here.
The Aria is without a doubt any Vegas goer's dream destination.  This high end hotel is about as top of the line as one could hope for.  Its modern, sophisticated decor will surely amaze.  Its non-smoky air is a welcome transition from other hotels that can dry out your eyes in a matter of seconds.  The Aria is just about the same price as the Venetian and Bellagio, but is definitely more technologically advanced.  Although the minimum betting requirements for table games may be slightly higher than the casinos at the lower end of the strip, the payouts will surely be higher as well!  . . Upon checking in, I was greeted with a huge line.  After waiting for about fifteen minutes, I was finally able to check in.  I asked if there were any complimentary upgrades available- perhaps a room with a nicer view, and she quickly shot me down.  She confirmed my reservations, and asked me if it was correct.  I told her no; that I had requested two adjoining rooms, and that I had food and beverage credit for each room.  She said she would see what she could do.  She was able to get me the adjoining rooms.  However, she said that for the food and beverage credit, I only had $50 per room.  I told her that when I booked the rooms, it said it came with $100 each.  She then got authorization to give me $100 each which was very quick and no hassle at all.  I wonder if I could have pressed my luck with $200 credits per room!  . . After getting the room keys, we proceeded upstairs to the rooms.  The rooms were located the sixth floor, and, apparently the key card does not need to be inserted into the door to open it.  One simply just needs to wave it, and the door opens this way.  How cool is that.  The lights, blinds, and thermostat can be controlled and accessed through the mini ipad-like device by the bed.  This device also allows you to turn on the television, flip through channels, and set alarms.  The bathroom has two sinks, as well as both, a shower and a tub.  The room was very clean, and there was absolutely nothing wrong with it.  . . Overall, Aria is a great hotel and casino.  I will definitely be back.
We recently got married in Vegas and was staying at another property which I will not even mention. But I wanted to surprise my soon to be wife with a with 1 bedroom penthouse here at the Aria, great views of the city,  a very big bathroom, comped breakfast buffet. . . What a great property from the moment you walk in it's stunning. As I was checking in I walked past James Cameron from Avatar he was checking out, I guess you never know who you will see there.
Dear my beloved Aria,. . Oh how I love you, you are my home away from home.. Your fluffy pillows and soft body towels.. My wonderful weekend getaway from (hectic) LA.. . Your staffs are always helpful, nice and friendly, . Check-in is always a breeze.. More then a hand full of times you upgrade my babe & I. . I would like to say, Thank you VERY MUCH.. . I will always remember, you make my weekends extra special.. Upgrades, compted meals, shows and stay, sometimes free play money. . (HEHEHE). . Did I mention, your room services is perfect-o.. Within mins of a call, extra towels are bought to us with a smile.. . With no hesitation, you are always highly recommended to family and friends.. Hopefully I will be visiting you soon in the near future.. . XOXO,. . Laura . . P.S.. I hope you miss me as much as I miss you.
Best hotel I've been to in Vegas.  The service is always amazing.  Nichole at the concierge desk is great.  She will go out of her way to help you.  The pool area is beautiful and the rooms, well they are the best I've seen on the strip.  Really spacious and a modern decor.  The casino has so many slot machine options and a great amount of table games.  There are several restaurants and bars.  Haze night club is here too.  You really never have to leave and you won't want to.
I seriously had the best time at this hotel. Everything about it screams elegance and the staff are SO kind and helpful. I highly recommend coughing up a little extra $$$ and staying here b/c it's truly worth it.
Very nice hotel. Casino is laid out nicely, rooms are very nice with lots of amenities,lots of shops, eateries and the pools are great!
OMG!LOVE this hotel! I cried when it was time to go :(. Had a blast for my 30th with friends and family and I will always recommend The Aria. I styed in the Corner Suit which had my name on the television! I mean, this is high tech, celebrity status stuff! The room sat facing all the bright and beautiful Billboards, and when you walk in the room, all the curtain automatically open....I mean I was just so amazed that I had to return home to my DC apartment.
Beautiful hotel and Casino. Very nice rooms. There is an excellent selection of restaurants too. Jean George Steak house is a place you have to try. Very good steaks. I hate to say it, but the buffet is also very good.
Modern looking high-end hotel & casino.. . The interior decor is very refined.. . Even standard room has a wide view of city.. . The room is equipped with some fancy technological conveniences such as alarm clock that will nicely open up the curtain and let sunshine flood into the room.. . I feel safe since one is required to show room key to get to the elevator.. . During my stay here, I liked everything but my luck at roulette.. . This hotel will elevate your Vegas experience to a luxurious level.
so this place is GREAT. . . the decor is so modernized and beautifully crafted. i love the architecture as well! so i usually go with my friends and this was the first time i've ever seen an actual room in the aria hotel! it was really clean, and very interesting since my friend's parents are VIP members. . . because they're VIP we were allowed in the lounge area where there was snacks and drinks. there were sodas, coffee, fiji water, and juice. there were also little desserts, cookies, little toast, and different types of cheeses. we ended up stuffing ourselves nonstop.. . okay, so upstairs! the room was amazing. it was special because of it was a suite. there was a dining table and a little bar area. there was also a sitting area with a huge tv. yay for cable! the bedroom was stocked with different types of chocolates in a neat little tiny box, and the restroom...my god the restroom was like heaven. it was the first time i've ever used such an advanced toilet. . . i know it might sound weird but the toilet was so warm. at first it shot water at my butt which i screamed and panicked about but later on it's actually very relaxing. . . the tub however, i could have probably drowned in considering how i'm only 5 feet. and it was really hard to climb out. . . all in all, love this place. the view from the room was AMAZING!
Beautiful sky suite upgrade!  So we were lucky! Excellent clean and new hotel.. (Build in 2009 I guess) Very friendly and helpfull people! Good food! I would stay here again if I visit Las Vegas!
Okay, so I was pretty much in love with this place from the moment we stepped out of the cab. The exterior is clean and modern... and then we walked into the lobby. The lobby is beautiful; nicely decorated and continues the modern design. The sculpture of the Colorado River by Maya Lin over the check-in desk is so beautiful. . . And then we got to our room. Spoilers! When we opened our door for the first time, the lights came on, the curtains opened up and then music started playing. It made quite an entrance. Practically everything in the room is controlled by the tablet on the bedside table. I played with it quite a bit. While we didn't pony up for a "room with a view", we had a nice view out onto the strip and out west towards the Rio. My only (tiny) criticism is that the bathroom does not have enough towel bars. Seriously, that's it. . . The casino and amenities are top-notch. The staff was very nice, helpful and efficient. And for a busy hotel/casino on the Strip, I never felt crowded here. It was an oasis in the sea of tourists.
I'm a huge fan of the Aria. I stayed here with my dad a few weeks ago. The rooms are super nice and modern. The room is controlled by a little tablet and the view from either side of the hotel is great. The hotel is ideally located on the strip so you can access all the other hotels easily. I particularly enjoyed sitting and listening to live music each night at one of the bar areas near the elevators. . . The check in was not as bad as some people complain about on other reviews. Took about 20 minutes to check in even though the line was huge. Staff was nice . . There are several pools that are pretty nice to catch some rays. . . I liked everything but if I were to go again I'd skip the buffet (it was just okay)
I. Love. the Aria. sooooo much. I've stayed there 3 times now and I am ready to move in. . . The lobby is BEAUTIFUL, smells like vanilla, and several times when I've walked in, Oasis started playing. Anyone who knows me knows I have an unhealthy obsession with Oasis, so that alone was magical serendipity and sold me on the place pretty quickly. . . Okay so, the rooms. Let's start with the beds. The wonderful, cloud-like heavenly beds. You can buy all the bedding if you have a few thousand dollars to spare, which I don't, but someday. The lights, curtains, music, etc are all controllable from an iPad-like device next to your bed which is great because like I said, the beds are heaven and you won't want to ever leave it. But if you do have to leave the bed to shower or something, you're rewarded with a beautiful bathroom with a monster huge soaking tub. Ahhh so nice.. . I wish I could give an opinion on the restaurants there, but I only ate at one and it was really late at night and I was pretty drunk so I don't remember much but I'm pretty sure it was great.. . The pools, and there are 3 or 4 of them, are really nice. There's an adults-only pool club party...thing but it looked full of skinny tan attractive girls, all of which I am not so I stayed away because attractive people intimidate me. So I was happy to lounge by the pool with the rest of the average-looking people.. . I'm sure I'm forgetting something but to sum it up, the Aria is beautiful and magical and you should stay there.
Einfach nur ein geniales Hotel! Sehr schick! Wir waren inzwischen schon 2x im Aria. Das Aria hat drei mittelgroe Pool die sehr schick sind, ferner einen "Partypool".
Aria is amazing. I had such a completely good experience. I don't know what I would ask for differently. The comfort and security is amazing. And it's just FUN. The social atmosphere across restaurants, bars, and gaming is amazing. You have to at least stop by to check it out, as it's visually stunning.
Came here for three days, and was so sad to leave at the end. Fresh design ideas, smooth layout, amazing pool area, easy access to strip, abnormal room conditions and great food! And also I do like the fact there're not as many people as in Bellagio, which gives a feeling of a private resort with lots of tables and machines to play! I want to give a special thank you to cocktail waitresses for being available every time I needed a drink! I had a great vacation, which will happen at the same spot very soon again!
Here is my favorite hotel in Vegas * *:....:*'(**)'*:.. ..:* *very modern n buffet is amazing n all restaurants are very nice
Love love love!. . The suite is fantastic!
As always, a fine establishment to stay and play at. Is it overkill to have all the lights, electronics, and curtains controlled by a touch pad? Hell no if I'm paying $160 a night. After 3 previous stays this was our first time using the pools. If you want to secure a seat, make sure you get there early because it fills up fast. Only flaw was that the pools were very shallow. The Aria, Wynn, Mandalay Bay, and Rio are our go to places to stay when in Vegas but unfortunately we can't always stay at The Aria due to budget constraints. The only knock on this place is their crappy buffet. We had a $100 food voucher and decided to go there for dinner. Had we actually had to pay for that buffet, I would have been a one ticked off Asian. The establishment resembled a IKEA with the decor and there were barely any options if you compared this place like The M Resort, Ceasars Palace, Cosmopolitan, and Bellagio. Fail there but this resort still gets 5 stars.
Was there when Larry King was doing a taping with the cast of Last Vegas.
I wasn't lucky enough to stay at the Aria on my recent trip to vegas, but I spent the entire week attending a conference in their convention center. It's a beautiful facility and the staff was top notch. Theymade sure there was always water available to the attendees, coffee, tea and treats during the breaks and all the lunches were provided by the aria. The food served was really delicious, much better than I expected to find at a large conference! I hope to attend another conference at the Aria, next time I'll have to stay there as well!
I've been in Aria during my many trips to Las Vegas. Last month I finally decided to stay at Aria. . . Even though slightly set back, Aria is still a great central location on the strip. I should mention I love to walk, so a ten minute walk to another hotel on the strip is no biggie. Lazy folks may find this a little too set back, perhaps.. . Very modern, clean, updated, and a "calmer" hotel compared to many on the strip. This was the perfect stay for my business trip. Aria still has all the great things to encompass Vegas: great pools, nice non-smokey casino, top-notch restaurants (my faves are Julian Serrano tapas & the buffet for brunch- both are a MUST!!), and clean comfortable rooms.. . The rooms are high-tec and nice all around. They aren't a spectacular Vegas room (nothing entirely out of the ordinary or above and beyond) but just generically nice. I do feel that Aria is more attractive to the Las Vegas business visitors than the large party crowds. . . My only complaint is the walls seemed thin, and I was woken up all night long by rowdy drunks in the hall (ok ok it's not ALL business travelers), and Marquee in Cosmo was bumpin late into the night across from my room.. . All in all, negatives were more than minor, and I got an extremely good rate for such a high class hotel on Expedia.. . I would definitely stay here again.. . heart you Aria!
This was my first stay at Aria this past weekend and it was amazing. The hotel is convenientyl located between the Vdara hotel and the Crystals shopping center. There are bridges that connect to several other hotels which makes things convenient and safe. Everything at Aria was clean and modern. The service was wonderful. I'm also a Mlife gold member which they did a really good job making me feel like a VIP: complimentary early, late check out and priority seating for buffet and restaurants. . . I stayed in the deluxe king room which came with a connecting bathtub and shower. the toilet is also separated by an enclosed glass room. There were always plenty of towels and everyone was very nice. I also loved that this hotel didn't have an overwhelming smell of cigarettes and bleach. Maybe because it's still new, but I hope it stays that way. . . My boyfriend said the gym at Aria was the nicest gym inside a hotel he's ever been to. The machines were all clean and new with brown leather. There was a complete variety of resistance and weight lifting machines, plenty of treadmills, elipticals and free weights.. . This hotel has a femine touch but I saw a lot more groups of men than groups of women. It was classy, young and hip. I will definitely be back.
This review is just for the spa as I did not stay at this hotel but Vdara.. . The spa is very well laid out with all the amenities you could possibly want. There is dry and wet heat rooms, 3 hot tubs and 1 cold tub and an outdoor infinity pool just for the spa patrons. The facility was immaculate, very well kept. The spa attendant was very friendly and gave us great customer service. There are drinks throughout the facility in case you become thirsty after sweating your life out in one of the heat rooms. I especially like the stone floor room; I was so relaxed that I passed out that my friend had to wake me up because I was snoring. If you want to chill for an afternoon before going out or relax before you head on your flight back home this would be the go to place to relax and feel refreshed.
I absolutely loved the Aria for several different reasons.. . It's quite the new commodity and it's very clean, trendy, and feels fresh. I thoroughly enjoyed my weekend stay here with my boyfriend celebrating our 3.5 year anniversary. . . A friend gave me a discount code/promotion so we saved about 200-300 dollars. With the promotion, I received a free upgrade to the city panorama room which was gorgeous. We also had $50 credit to spend each night we were there (so a total of $100).. . They also have a really great Tapas place called Julian Serranos which is located to the left of the check-in/concierge stand. SO GOOD. YOU HAVE TO EAT HERE WHEN YOU BOOK A STAY AT THE ARIA.. . I absolutely had a blast and the rooms were gorgeous. We also got upgraded to the 52nd floor (out of 54) so our view was beyond spectacular. They have free wifi, the pools were so nice and relaxing, and my boyfriend said he probably had the best haircut of his entire life (he better have cause that sh*t was $75)!. . I HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend this place to couples wanting to get away! :)
Had a great time here. We stayed in a corner suite that had a great view of the mountains during the day. Room service was excellent, quick check in and out. I would definitely stay here again.
My husband and I recently returned from our wedding weekend at the Aria, which included two nights in a one bedroom Sky Suite.. . We frequently visit Vegas and this was our first time staying at Aria. . . The Sky Suites have set the bar high. I can't imagine staying anywhere else on future trips.. . Since it was our wedding weekend, our coordinator, Marissa took care of most of the details. She arrange a limo to meet us at the airport and take us directly to the courthouse for our license. This was a breeze. I really like at the Sky Suites have a dedicated entrance to the hotel and everything was so easy.. . Our room was modern and gorgeous. It had a ton of tech features that kept my husband happy. in particular, he liked the lighting and the toilet. He wants to install one of the Japanese- washing toilets in our house. I'm not so sure... I loved the bed. It was one of the best two-nights of sleep that I have ever had in my life. It was like sleeping on a cloud. I also loved the bathtub and took a bath each day. The shower had awesome water pressure. . . We had an amazing view out towards Red Rock. They had no clue when they gave us this view, but we had our first kiss atop the Voodoo Lounge at the Rio, so it was very cool for us to have this view on our wedding weekend!. . I really enjoyed the VIP lounge. We stopped by for coffee every morning and didn't even miss our usual Starbucks Latte. The chocolate covered strawberries in the evening were divine. The staff was very helpful and personable. It was nice to always have bottled water available. . . We had a few hiccups with the concierge when trying to make reservations via the phone. At one point, we wanted to eat at Javiers and they made reservations for us. We showed up to find that the restaurant was closed. It was just odd. No big deal though.. . We got a couples massage in the spa. Although compared to other massages that I've experiences, it was steep in price, the experience was still good. The facilities are very nice. We really enjoyed the coed areas, especially the outdoor spa. . . I wish it had been warmer when we attempted to use the pool. It was too cold to really enjoy it, but I loved the lay-out and hope to be able to use it on a future visit. It has a good vibe.. . Our wedding experience at the Aria was wonderful. In particular, Marissa was a huge help. She was attentive and quick to answer our questions. We got married on a Saturday evening in the Fireside lounge. The location was beautiful. We added a pianist, which made the quick ceremony extra special. The minister was fantastic. His wedding sermon felt personal and had just really nice sentiments. We had two photographers that were top-notch. They took us all over the Aria and got some very cool/ not so traditional photographs. . . We were all around pleased with our wedding and I would not hesitate recommending the Aria to other couples. They made our Vegas elopement a special experience.
I'm a little bias because I got to stay in one of the awesome suites in Aria which meant awesome service/treatment and no lines.  The suite had two bedrooms each with its own humongous bathroom (and his and her sinks), living room, bar, powder room, and breakfast table.  Did I mention that the view is spectacular? . . The cleaning lady did a great job with our rooms.  I must say we were pretty messy and careless but after she paid our room a visit, it was spotless.  They provided extra amenities such as shampoo, lotion, slippers, soap without us even having to ask.  She even went out of her way to gather all the jewelry in one area and placed them on a kleenex so it wouldn't get scratched.  What amazed me was that she rolled up my iPhone charger cord as well.  Subtle things like that make a huge difference.  . . Do you ever dread going to the restroom in the middle of a cold night? Have no fear! The heated toilet seat/bidet is here! On top of that, there is also a steamed shower so it's all nice and toasty when you walk in.  Heaven.   . . No need for long lines when you check in/out.  Those who reserve suites have their own counter.  . . Jean Philippe is also here (the other is in the Bellagio), which has awesome sandwiches, pastries, chocolates, desserts.  Heaven. . . Also, since Aria is one of the newer hotels, it doesn't smell like smoke as much as the others.  In fact, it smells like vanilla.  Heaven.. . Since I was there for a couple's vow renewal, I got to check out the wedding chapel, the bride's room, Gold Lounge, and Haze.  I must say it was pretty damn amazing.  Haze was OK though.  I was expecting something more spectacular since I was in Vegas but was disappointed.  I was there for about 15 minutes and decided to leave since I got bored (it reminded me of the dance floor at Red Door in Houston).  Nonetheless, I still give this hotel 5 stars because it was just that damn amazing.  Heaven :D
We really enjoyed our stay at the Aria everyone was so courteous and friendly. Oh and the strawberry mojitos are amazing! :)
One of my favorite places to stay on the strip, but everything from the rates to the food are on the highend.
I'm not sure what other people's reviews are about. We had a corner suite with a mountain view. the building is beautiful, very modern with warm orange and brown tones throughout. From check in to check out, our service was beyond expectations. Our room had a living room, soaking tub with jets, stand up shower, the main bathroom had a separate toilet area that had a heated toilet seat and bidet. Everything is controlled through a touch screen, including the curtains. Room service was fast, and they set you up like you're at a restaurant, and you can call to have your table picked up when you're done. Food was delicious!  Also the buffet had alot of different foods and they were all great.We called for more towels and they were up within 15 mins.  Concierge made reservations for us, printed out our itinerary  and got us tix for a show. They were beyond great! Especially Stephanie. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, everything about this place was top notch. The staff was beyond helpful. I will definitely come back again.
This review is long over due. We love it here! Nice spacious, clean, new rooms. Great service! Good gaming! Poker room has great action! Nice restaurants! centrally located! Only problem, long check in/out lines. But I guess it's because they have so many happy guests returning over and over! Always an enjoyable stay!
The best place on earth or the closet to that.
Wonderful hotel! I made my reservation through Vegas.com  to stay from 11-24 to 11-27-13 because they were offering $100 gift cards to Crystals at City Center, but when I checked in the Hotel said that I wasn't on the list. I called Vegas.com and the rep said he would fax over my confirmation (this was at 3pm) at around 9pm I went down to the front desk to see if my name had been added. They still hadn't recieved the confirmation! ( I HATEyou Vegas.com!!) Even though Aria had not recieved the confirmation from vegas.com they still gave me the $100 gift card. So gracious and nice!!! Thank you Aria for being super duper sweet! The room was beautiful, clean, and without any broken fixtures or stains! Yay! This hotel is a keeper! Oh yeah it was very beautifully decorated for the Thanksgiving/Christmas season.
One of my favorite hotels on the strip. The rooms are high tech and gorgeous,  the staff was pleasant and the location is FANTASTIC! Only had a short walk to most of the hotspots on the strip.
I recently went to Las Vegas for the 6th time, and had the pleasure of staying at the Aria. In all my Vegas trips, this was the first time that I never left my hotel. I was at the Aria from the moment I got out of the taxi on Thursday, until I got back in the taxi for the airport on Sunday.  Why?? It never even occurred for me to leave, because I was having such a good time (albeit with the benefit of 8 great friends ... the hotel can't take all the credit!).. . Great restaurants in here. The tapas joint (Serrano), steakhouse (Jean Georges), sushi bar (Bar Masa) ... all fantastic. Even the huevos rancheros which I got from room service was excellent!! The room was impeccably clean, and high tech. From a control panel next to the bed you can adjust lighting, temperature, curtains. The pool is beautiful.  The casino itself is top notch: classy, clean, and, in my opinion, well laid out.  Service was great at all levels.  Oh! and the night club (Haze) was a total blast ... both nights. Cool party and music.
Class Act.... Never disappoints.
I spent my entire weekend in this casino. I didn't need to go anywhere. Everything I needed was here, and everything was beautiful, delicious and stylish. . . My favorite part of the room is the "Good Night" button, in which the curtains shut, the TV and lights turn off. No need to explain why that invention is useful. I have to say that these beds are the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in alongside Bellagio. . . Jean Philippe's chocolates are sold here too! It's not as crowded as Bellagio because I don't think the word is out yet that it's here too. Works for me though because I didn't have to wait in long lines behind browsers. His desserts always amaze me because they are rich, but light at the same time. Perfection.. . I love the clothing shop here too. It's affordable and trendy at the same time. I went a little overboard on the shopping this time, but it's not often I like a clothing store that much. It really is my style. All of it.. . This is the place for me when I come to Vegas unless my friend can get us rooms in Bellagio. I am officially spoiled for good. If Aria or Bellagio isn't possible, then no Vegas for me.
I love this hotel. Like love it. I received a 20% off all rooms plus free buffet email and just booked it. So happy we did. We checked in around 11:30a. The line was pretty long but it moved fast. There was someone to great us before we went to the counter. Check-in was fast. We walked through the casino to our elevators. I love a hotel that divides elevators based on floors. It makes everything faster. . . Our room was trendy,beautiful and spacious. Although we faced the Cosmopolitan, I wasn't mad about the view. I am a tech nerd so I loved that everything can be control electronically from the curtains, to the TV and lights. One issue, we couldn't control the temperature from the control panel but that's minor. The bed was comfortable and my favorite part about the room is the fact the bathroom toilet has a door. Oh do not touch the snack bar, I mean you can but at those prices we just went to Walgreens and got water and snacks for cheaper.. . This hotel connects to Monte Carlo and has a tram to Vdara, Monte Carlo and Belligio so travel was easy. We did not eat at any of the restaurants (besides buffet) nor shop since a 5 star hotel means 5 star prices everywhere but it was nice viewer the Harry Winston jewels.  . . Walking to several places on the trip was convenient from this hotel. I'm not saying every destination is convenient but a few important ones are. . . Lastly, since we has a 6am flight back, check out was kinda fast also despite there being one person. . . I would love to come back to the Aria because the room and service sold it for me. Walking was easy (we walked to the Luxor from Aria). I did not gamble here.
Me and my husband stayed at the Aria resort on my birthday for the first time. We loved it. It is absolutely beautiful and clean. It is expensive but you get what you pay for.
This place is awesome. We went to see a Cirque de Soleil show and I was so impressed by the entire casino. I can't wait to stay there and get the complete experience .
Love, love this place!! I wanna live here!! This is our place when we go to Vegas. I'm with someone who is a VIP so I get to enjoy the amenities like the Sky Suites and the VIP lounge. The rooms-they have the most comfortable beds ever and the high-tech gadgets. Most of the time I just stay in the room and never get bored. The housekeeping staff are the best and meticulous at what they do. We always come back to a fresh and clean room and chocolates on our pillows. The casino- it always smells nice and fresh and always clean. Service is always friendly. The only rude personnel I came across here are somebody at Jean Phillipe (the bakery) and that Ronald guy from the VIP lounge. Anyhoo, everybody here is so nice-from front desk to bellhops, to limo drivers to housekeeping. I esp love the people at the VIP lounge-Hi Alfred, Esmeralda, Virginia and of course, Armando. They're the best!! Not Ronald though, he was rude. . . Other than a couple of rude personnel, I love this place. This is my favorite place in Vegas.
