Catfish, fried chicken, candied yams, cornbread, beans & rice, cheese grits, waffle, sweet tea & lemonade. Every last item the put their foot in it!!!!! For those who don't understand that term, they didn't cut any corners on the food and everything was home cooked.
LO LO's has the best DAMN CHICKEN in AZ! The people are always really nice. This is a place that as a local I tell people to go for fried chicken.  A+++++
Food was great! Definitely on my must visit list when I'm back in Phoenix.
I lived in LA for 4 years and ate at Roscoe's a lot. Lo-lo's is better by FAR.. . Why? One word: gravy. . . The chicken is tender, juicy, and fried to perfection here. Not overly greasy. The waffles? Just perfect waffles with lots of flavor. The grits? Buttery. The Eggs? Tastes like crack when its scrambled with onions. The drinks/kool-aid? Ridiculous size. The gravy?. . RIDICULOUS. Getting the gravy on the side is the best decision you'll ever make. Unlike Roscoe's, which pairs regular brown gravy, Lo-lo's pairs some sort of spiced and onioned concoction that reminds me of the drippings gravy you make on Turkey Day. I literally dipped my entire meal (waffles, grits, eggs) in this gravy and still couldn't get enough.. . My only grip is that the Lo-lo's in Scottsdale takes amex, but this one doesn't. =(.. . But seriously, Lo-lo's....could eat it every day. IN fact, we we're here for one week, and at Lo-lo's twice.. . Oh yeah, the Red Velvet cake is RIDICULOUS.
This place was exceptional!  We went in Saturday morning - brunchish time, we had just a couple minute wait, the place was packed, but as soon we entered the front door, down to the waitress to the servers, everything was EXCEPTIONAL!  I ordered the KK's, more than enough food, the Red Kool-Aid was very delightful!  Chicken, grits, scrambled eggs!  All delicious!  Definitely going back at least once a month especially during those times of the month - ladies this will crave your appetite!  Love it!
Lolo's reminds me of the good old southern cooking I could find growing up in Columbia Mo. A lot of my friends mothers would cook great soul food and this reminds me of when I was a kid. . Today was my second visit to this place. It was as good or better than the first time a few months ago. This time I have the "Betty Boop", a single waffle, with a huge chicken breast, with a side of bacon and a side of fried Okra. I was full half way through but kept eating because it was all sooo good!!! If your on a diet this can't be the best place to go, but if your skipping a day on your diet, or just don't care, then get over to this place for great food. It is located in the ghetto, but the place is very clean and the staff is friendly. Everyone is happy because of the great food and people!!
I can't really add anything that hasn't been said...Just go there! The wait can be obnoxious but thats a good sign if you ask me.. . I always get the same thing...1 thigh, 1 breast (for later), greens, grits andsometimes the mac n cheese. Oh and sweet tea!! . . Just go...NOW
Lo-Lo's you are so ghetto fabulous I don't even know what to do with myself. Actually, I do: order the Tre-Tre, mac and cheese, and a side of cornbread. And just bask in the culinary amazing-ness that is fried chicken and waffles. That's right, I just said bask in reference to breakfast foods. . . Lo-Lo's is no ordinary breakfast fare; it can be enjoyed any time of the day. I prefer it after a few stiff drinks, when my cravings become insatiable. But let's get down to business:. . Get the "red" kool-aid to drink. It's a little sweet, and I usually water mine down a bit. It's much better than the lemonade which is really tart. . . I like the Tre-Tre for my main entree because it comes with two legs that are good to da bone and very easy to manage. . . For sides, because I am like a ravenous animal at Lo-Lo's, I get the mac and cheese and cornbread. The mac and cheese is out of control delicious. It has baked cheese on top, and it is super creamy underneath the hard shell. I feel like a barnyard pimp when I eat the cornbread because of the large portion. It is very moist as well (I usually put a little syrup from the waffles on it.). . . You don't have to be hood rich to eat at Lo-Lo's either. Everything is more than reasonably priced. All in all, I love dis place!!
****NEWS FLASH****. . Lolo's now has the BLUE kool-aide! ::dies::. . Hubs and I found ourselves on the south side of Phoenix last night, I looked at him and said we are right by Lolo's, no other discussion was needed. . . The waffles were even more amazing then the last time, if that is even possible. The chicken was fantastic, looove me the Betty Boop!
I'm with Kirstin E. - the Betty Boop is the way to go!  My office is *almost* within walking distance and I'd eat here every day if I didn't require a nap after doing so.  This place is a Phoenix institution....I looooves it!
Suki suki now!. . This is some damn good food.  Best fried chicken in my life.  Tha Mac and cheese was ok...not special but good.  The service was awesome!  The servers were literally hugging us as we left.  . . About $15 a person...not cheap but worth it.
kind of a hole in the wall place, but the best chicken & waffles I've had!
Best chicken and waffles in the universe hands down. This spot is always packed. every time im in the valley of the sun i have to stop in. You never know who will be there. The shirts that the the staff wear are priceless....So hood. love this place and the kool aid in the mason jars are the shiz- nit!
Amazing soul food! I've been craving Sweet Tea since my internship in North Carolina last summer, and Lolo's definitely hit the spot. I ordered two chicken breasts and the waffles (the toy-toy), but everything our group got looked scrumptious. The macaroni and cheese is especially delicious!. . What are you waiting? Head to Lolos for southern style soul food :)
Dear Lo-Lo's why do you have to be so damn good!?  I really wish that when I had you last weekend you had been dry and tasteless so that I wouldn't have to come back and eat Fried Chicken and Waffles again... but now you have made me an addict to your delicious mouth-watering juicy breasts & thighs... Woah where is this going?! LOL Thank goodness you do takeout for now my husband will have to do his husbandly duty and pick me up a piece or two on his way home from work.... . . Truly wonderful... I never had waffles with fried chicken before and I'm not sure why I was so surprised at how great this pairing would be but I was... Great service, everyone was friendly and upbeat and seemed to actually enjoy working there which is definitely a PLUS! ;-) I love you Lo-lo's!
I've been eating here for a while now,and this has to be the best chicken I ever had beside the waffles.they batter is thin,sweet and crsipy with no skin.there sweet tea and lemonade makes a perfect arnold palmer.thet kool-aid will send you into a sugar comma.so good.roscoes ain't got sh*t on this place,everything is classic soul food with a twist thanks to his mommas breakfast and brunch house,"miss whites golden rule:it is a must eat spot,top on my az list,if you don't know know .now ya know,quality at its finest,stay classy yelpers
Great service and amazing food. Maximum calories per dollar.  Just AWESOME!
I'll admit, I was a little skeptical when I heard "chicken and waffles". It's just a curious combination, especially having grown up in the Northwest. This idea is all new to me.. . Then my food arrived. I was no longer a skeptic. I could swear I had a full half of a chicken in my three pieces, and they were smothered in some delicious form of gravy, which I could have just as easily poured straight down my gullet. The chicken was cooked to perfection, as were the waffles. Even having everything mixed together on one plate which could barely contain all of that food didn't deter me one bit.. . I do not have a single complaint about this place. Everything was amazing.
I heard about this place from overhearing a conversation at a table behind me at another restaurant.  The folks were raving about it.  I had never heard of chicken and waffles before and the thought intrigued me.  I went by myself to check it out before I told friends or brought anyone with me....pretty skeptical.   I was blown away!  The food was AMAZING, the service was phenomenal and all the staff was extremely warm and friendly.  I honestly felt like I was a guest at a friends home for dinner.  I have "invited myself" back several times since and has been phenomenal each time.
A little hard to find and the exterior may throw you off but you would be making a HUGE mistake to not enter one of the best soul food gems in AZ. The staff is more amazing than the food and that is not an insult to the food but as a restaurant mangers view just as important. Friendly- funny- upbeat. Go early or you may have to wait outside. The word is out and its a 4 star place I will go back to.
I wish we had more people with us so that there was a reason to order everything on the menu.  My coworker called me up and said let's go to lunch.  She asked me what I was in the mood for and said I hadn't been able to stop thinking about chicken and waffles for the last week.  She said she'd been craving chicken and waffles all morning.  This is why we're friends and not just coworkers.  So we met halfway at Lo-Lo's.. F-N-A-Cotton!  The nicest people ever are working here. I just wanted to skip the rest of work and just hang out all day and chat with the employees, make room for red velvet cake, and drink sweet tea.  Next time..... You must get the stupid fries.  You can share these ooooooorrrrr eat them as a meal if you don't feel like waffles.  Fries, peppers, chicken, cheese, and gravy.  There may be more things included, but it really doesn't matter because they were bomb and that's all you need to know.. Mac and Cheese = BOMB. Chicken and Waffles.... Really?  You need me to review this?  Amazing!! If you've never had chicken and waffles before, you have no idea what you're missing.  It's like heaven on my tongue.  Sweet sweet juicy fried chicken and waffle heaven.. I can't wait until I save room to try the red velvet cake!!!
This place is sooo good!!  You can order anything on the menu and it will be outstanding.  The only thing that was terrible was that the food was so fresh and so hot that you cant immediately dig in and eat (I burnt my mouth on the chicken, lol).  It smelt soo good that I couldn't wait for it to cool down.  But I would rather have my food extremely fresh and hot!
Yes five stars. Get the chicken and waffles. Just do it. You won't regret it. I had the #8- one breast and one waffle. I also tried the fried okra and it was awesome! It is crowded but worth the wait.  Go!
Lo-Lo's Rocks!. . Everything that I've tried on the menu is great. . . The fried chicken is always moist and tender, and the waffles are always warm and yummy.. . I also love getting a big mason jar of cold and sweet kool aid.. . Unique menu, great food, and cold kool aid, gives Lo-Lo's five stars.
I have a strange habit of always searching for chicken and waffles in any city that I visit. . So there I was in Phoenix for the weekend and I came across reviews for Lo-Lo's. The reviews looked right, so off we went.... . I can see why some people say it's located in a sketchy area, but everyone knows that's where you find the best food!. It was about 1pm on a Saturday and the place was packed, but we got seated right away. . . I had the number 3, Lo-Lo's - 3 piece, 2 waffles, and a side of corn bread. My girlfriend had Puff's Chicken Tender Basket and we shared some mac & cheese.. . The food was excellent, especially the corn bread! . The service was great, we had about 4-5 different people walk by and ask us how we were doing.. . Also, I loved the mason jars.. . See you next time I'm in Phoenix!
This place is awesome and the food is great!  went for breakfast to have the Chicken and Waffles which I never had in my life.  Will be back soon as it was great!
Hungover? Check. . Hungy? Check. . Downtown? Check. . Means one thing I need something filling and greasy and the best plan was Lo-Lo's for me and my friends. Waking up on a Sunday morning and needing food we quickly decided that chicken and waffles was the only correct choice.. . I ordered a arnold palmer with sweet tea and my friends got grape and red koolaid. All the drinks were great and served in some pretty large mason jars. The Arnold palmer with it's mix of sweet flavors and bitter bite of lemon was a great way to wake up and get some fluids of the non-alcoholic kind.. . For food I got the Baby Ray's which is chicken covered in gravy and onions and some waffles. It was great the chicken was super moist inside and the flavors of the chicken, gravy and waffles make a savory bite that was as pleasing to the stomach as it was the tongue.  The gravy was just enough to cover the chicken but not so much it was too much. The waffles have a spice in them that i think is nutmeg but makes very flavorful on it's own without syrup. . . The meal was exactly what i needed to get me up and back to normal...sadly it was so good I ate so much I needed a glorious food coma to recover. I can't wait till I can come back and try the other goodies like Mac and Cheese or cornbread. Even the fried fish sounds good.
So I shouldn't eat refined carbohydrates...but if I'm goin to Lo-Lo's I'm gonna tear it up! I took my niece Ivy on Monday...actually she paid so who took who, right? Anyway...we arrived right at 9am when they opened and sat right down. The waiters were cool and cute...made sure the table was freshly wiped down and brought the high chair for baby John Ford with a smile. I ordered the #2 Baby Ray...3 smothered chicken thighs with gravy and onions, 2 waffles, and a side of grits, and even though I suffer from "Sugar Diabetis" as my family still calls it...yeah, I admit my white trash culture...I ordered a jar of Red Kool-Aid Drank. Man...it's worth the risk of diabetic coma...the sweetest Kool-Aid Drank ever...tastes like summer! The food was amazing as always...the waffles have a hint of cinnamon ...smothered in butter didn't even need the warm syrup! The chicken was delicious, and the grits were creamy and soooo comforting! My niece said Lo-Lo's was the best chicken and waffles she ever had...and she's had 'em in Oakland!!! . We were both very disappointed there was no red velvet cake...but had sock-it-to-me instead that was like pound cake on crack! Like a cinnamon roll banged a pound cake! . I spent the rest of the day napping and farting...heaven!
OMG- I cannot believe it's taken me this long to experience Lo-Lo's! Having lived in Phoenix for quite some time now, I find it very sad that I've just discovered the awesomeness that is Lo-Lo's, but now that I have I am happy to say I can go back whenever I want. . . I found the service to be very prompt and friendly. You could tell the people liked working here, and who wouldn't with access to some of the best waffles and chicken I've ever tasted. Now, I've been to Rosco's Chicken and Waffles in LA and I've got to confess, the chicken tastes similar at both. It is fried to perfection with just the right amount of seasonings. Where the two places differ, in my humble opinion, is the waffles. Lo-Lo's wins hands down in my opinion. The waffles are to DIE for! I don't know what it was, maybe the butteriness, maybe the syrup, or just the waffle batter, but man oh man was it good! We took home a piece for the red velvet cake and didn't get to it until 3 days later and it was pretty good... it probably would have been WAY better fresh that day, but we were TOO full to partake. . . Anyways, I can't wait to go back, but I've just got to lose the LBS I gained from the first meal- then I can return!
to be honest i go to lo-lo's maybe once a month.  now that's out of the way.... . well, if you do find the location because i've passed by a few times it's ghetto.  i guess with the ghetto location there is more tlc in preparing the meals.  lol.  okay, once you are inside the seating is a tight fit.  we have been sat by the soda machine and the bathrooms.  i guess if you have a larger party they will sit you on the farside of the restaurant which has about 6 inches of more room.. . it may sound like i'm complaining but i love the whole atmosphere!!!  if you do eat here while it's packed with customers this place gets very loud.  . . onto the food.  since i have eaten here on average once a month i have not had one bad meal.  the chicken is very moist and not too greasy.  the waffles are awesome.  the chicken strips are great.  my pops loves the catfish.. . the service is a hit and miss.  i want to believe the servers are doing their best.  but it seems when the customer traffic is light the service is great.  and when the customer traffic is heavy the wait and quality of service becomes compromised.. . if you have not tried it go and try it at least once.. . damn, now i'm hungry!
Cozy place, great amounts of food for little money, they serve koolaide!!!!  Its all great I loved it both times so far, once in 2003 when I went to review it for the school newspaper, and again 8 years later when I drove by it and the nostalgia made me try it again with the fiance
What is not to like about this place? I can get amazing fried chicken,a huge, flavorful waffle with warm syrup and butter, and Kool-Aid in a Mason jar! How good can Kool-Aid be, you ask? Just come here and find out. It's the best you'll ever have. Not to mention the fact that their southern-style cooking is some of the best you'll find out here in Arizona too. I've eaten at Roscoe's House of Chicken in Waffles in LA, which was the place that got the whole chicken and waffle trend started, and I can tell you that LoLo's outdoes them on every level. The people that work here are awesome and make great recommendations to first-timers. I've been here three times since first trying it back in April and I plan to go back any chance I get.
lo-los's food is amazing. way better than roscoes chicken n waffles.. . compared to roscoes:. the waffles taste the same, the chicken taste better, getting drinks in mason. jars was pretty cool, the corn bread and mac n cheese was way better than roscoes. but what gives lo-lo's the better restaraunt is the service. the service is very friendly. our orders were right when we received our food. the servers kept coming back to check on things and refill drinks.. . i also dont know of too many restaraunts that have a kool-aid. logo in the beverage section
We saw a review on CheckPlease on TV and today we were near downtown Phoenix and wanted to try this place.. . Our expectations were exceeded!. . The food was delicious and the service excellent!. . We had the waffles and chicken. Still trying to figure out where the waffles and chicken combination comes from. But mmmmmm good!. . Delicious food and excellent service!
Good food, cool place to go. Reminds me of home.
Ok, for me if there's one thing that comes close to Buffet, it's a fried chicken place!  Thus, I wasn't about to miss the opportunity to get together with Robyn N. & Arlin B. today & have lunch today at this busy little place.  It was my first visit, & here's how it struck me:. . *  Funky, unique, fun atmosphere & vibe about the place.  It's a screwy building to start with, then your water or beverage shows up in a quart canning jar, & so on!  FUN IS GOOD!!. . *  Our service was prompt & attentive, & the staff members made it clear that they were glad we came here to eat!  These really nice people helped make the experience special.  FRIENDLY IS GOOD!!. . *  Somewhat unusual (for me anyway), very tasty food overall.  DIFFERENT IS GOOD!!. . *  Then, OMG, the chicken!!  TERRIFIC FRIED CHICKEN IS GOOD!!     :-))
Extra yummy with a side, oh wait...two sides of awesome!  The food was great, the service was GREAT (even with 15 of us at the table) and well...the food was GREAT.  If you are going in a group, decide to share sides, they are large and you can get more variety by not being selfish :-)
I get take out from here all the time.  It is really unhealthy food but it is authentic, delicious soul food.  Consistently good from week to week.  The place is small and it takes a bit to get your food but it is worth it.
This was sooo good.  It was one the recommendations from our hotel.  It was a little out of the way for us and there was a bit of a wait, but it was worth it.. . They have a great menu for everyone with any appetite.   I would warn you, this is not a place for those on a diet.  It is great down home, soul food cooking at it's finest.  Order a few things to get a sample, but you obviously have to get chicken and waffles.... they are good, really good.  The chicken was crispy and moist.  The waffle was the size of my plate.  It was light and fluffy.  A little maple syrup... some hot sauce... Heaven I tell you!  I was so happy.. . The mac and cheese was good... not great.  The corn bread was dense, but not overly so. The sweet tea was a bit too sweet and needs to be cut.  My wife ordered the salad.  It was delicious.  They were generous with the chunks of fried chicken and other toppings, with a nice portion of mixed greens.. . This was one of the best meals I have had in Phoenix.
I thought the idea of chicken and waffels was kind of werid, that's mainly why I wanted to go. But this place was awesome! There waffels are really good, they have a great flavor. The chicken is really good as well, I also had their cheese grits. I really recommend everything I had and think you should stop by if you get the chance.
A-mazing. The restaurant is small and cramped, but the food is spectacular, service is extremely friendly and efficient. My husband had  Chicken & waffles, and I had Bre Bre's chicken salad, both were phenomenal. We also took red velvet cake to go, so so so so good.
I cannot live without Lo-Lo's.  It is INSANE.  Juicy, juicy chicken, crispy waffles....mind blowing.  I alternate between the Betty Boop and the Tre Tre.  I actually prefer their dark meat as I find it tastier.  Either way though, you can't go wrong.  Skip the Scottsdale location and go to the OG place on Yuma.  Oh..and get the sweet tea! Tooth rot in a jar, but so good!
Original Lo Lo's....This really has to be the easiest review I have ever done. The service is great and very personable. Everyone asked us if we needed a refill or needed help (not just our waitress).. GREAT SERVICE!!! They really make you feel at home and have stayed grounded even though EVERYONE wants them to become a major chain. 5 stars. And did I mention how Great the food is. I really need to start trying other things but the chicken and waffles are to GOOD to turn down. If you have not had Lo Lo's, get there soon. Definitely at the top of my Yelp list..
Yummmmm! Everything was tasty, the koolaid took me back! Wish we had saved room for red velvet cake!
Awesome soul food. Best fried chicken in town!!! Not very healthy, but definitely worth a 1-3 visits annually.
I wish Yelp had a "6th" Star to award restaurants sometimes! I would give one to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles.... based on my dinner this past Friday night.. . First off, we ended up here almost by accident. I made the drive with my wife and daughter on Friday evening from Scottsdale to downtown Phoenix to visit Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe.... only to learn they are now closing at 7PM every night! :(   They used to be open till 3am on Friday and Saturday nights.. . But... they did inform us that Lo-Lo's was open and it was not too far away... so off we went. . . They place was busy... and they sat us towards the back. But the service was crazy good!!! . . You really need to spend a few good minutes acquainting yourself with the menu. I was laughing my ass off at the menu items! "Stupid Fries", "Phat Azz Samich", "Crazy Ghetto Mess", "A Jar Of Drank"! Just to name a few.. . The best "line" of the night... my wife asks our waiter, "How are the 'stupid fried'?" His reply.... They're Stupid...............(long pause)..... GOOD!" . . I stuck with the tried and true chicken and waffles. We shared at the table the candied yams, and the fried okra. Everything was amazing! It was myfirst time having chicken and waffles together. And it won't be my last. I ate so much I was sick for several hours afterwards, but you can't help yourself! . . Dinner on average seems to run about $13 a person.. . So when you a re in the "hood", give Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles... you will be glad that you did!
I grew up in the South eating copious amounts of delicious soul food and as an adult I have traveled a great deal in search of places that can still do it right, and I am here to tell you: THIS IS IT, folks!. . The food is indescribably delicious and well executed and the staff could NOT be more pleasant and attentive, but one of the most important reasons to high tail it over to Lo-Lo's is because this place is a rapidly vanishing breed and a foodie experience you won't ever forget.. . Abandon your diet, forget counting your cholesterol and treat yourself to a meal that will make you weep with pleasure.  Life is too short for Subway sandwiches when a temple of deliciousness like Lo-Lo's graces this weary world.. . And this I vow: I will never visit the city of Phoenix again without stopping to eat at Lo-Lo's.  And I can't wait to experience Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe!
Chicken, waffles, Mac and cheese and greens were amazing. As if someone's granny cooked it from the deep south. Better than Gladys Knights chicken and waffles as well!
This is one of those great little restaurants that has found a niche and mastered it.  The chicken & waffles here are simple incredible.  The fried chicken is certainly among the best I've ever had.  The sides are delicious (I recommend the red beans).  Even the "dranks" are terrific.  Great lemonade and sweet tea.  The service is friendly and the atmosphere very authentic.. . This place does not pretend: it achieves soul food greatness.
This place is awesome. I never expect combination of fried chicken and waffles were so yummy. I fell in love with this place going for the first time. The chicken were fried fresh. The flavor was awesome. The waffles were delicious. If I get a chance I would like to go there again.
This place was INCREDIBLE!! We got to LO-LO's at about 11am. We ordered and within 2 min we where eating. The portion sizes are very very big. You could share a plate. I had the BABY RAY, 3 piecec of fried chicken with onions and gravy and waffles. GREAT GREAT GREAT. I cannot say enough about this place. The only down side was LOCATION, we ate at the downtown location. If you are scared or think you are too good you can go to Scottsdale, BUT A MUST GO EAT!!!!!
My husband and I LOVE LOVE this location for some reason we feel at home at this place. The staff are very friendly and the food is amazing I love the GRITS. It's usually very busy when we come but it's worth the wait.  TRY the Kool-Aid  they have a Scottsdale location but I really don't care for that location
I'm from LA, home to Roscoe's chicken and Waffles, and I heard from my friends that Phoenix Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles out beats Roscoe's. Without a doubt they were right.....This establishment over exceeds Roscoe's food. I ordered the Ivan's Chorizo and Eggs and my friend ordered their famous Lo-Lo's #3. I was amazed over their chorizo quality and the way it was cooked; the tortilla was warm and fluffy. The FRIED CHICKEN was tender and juicy; I definitely could not have asked for better food then what Lo-Lo's had to offer. I would encourage everyone who visits Phoenix to make Lo-Lo's a priority when eating out.
Best waffles ever. Seriously. Now pair those perfectly cooked, cinnamon-y waffles with the best fried chicken, best shrimp and grits, and best banana pudding. Ever. Those are pretty much the only things I've tried... Oh and bacon but honestly, bacon is always amazing. Pretty much any where you go I recommend eating bacon. Moving on.... . Before going to Lo-Lo's there are a few things you should know.... 1. This is not a place to go when on a diet or attempting to make healthy choices. You CAN eat healthy here (egg whites and turkey bacon anyone?) BUT it's no fun!!! Why eat egg whites when you can eat grits oozing with butter, crispy always fresh fried chicken, and waffles drenched in sticky syrup? Splurge here, it'll be worth it.. 2. The neighborhood this location is in is a tiny bit sketchy. Do NOT let this stop you from visiting. The place itself is not the least bit sketchy and the staff are all amazing. . 3. It's pretty small (they are currently building a larger space.) There could be a wait when you go (especially with a large group.) But the service is fast and the food comes out quickly. So fear not!. . Now... If you made it to the end of this review, you either still have doubts about the amazingness of this place (or you would already be on your way there) OR you are just preparing yourself for your carb party. Either way, hurry. Deliciousness is waiting.
Man this is my spot! If I was ballin and worked out everyday, I would eat here everyday.. . I first fell in love with Chicken and Waffles during my frequent visits to the LA area. I always had to visit Roscoe's without fail. For some reason I had no idea this place existed for the longest. . . I seem to remember Lo-Lo's having a pretty good sized menu but it never matters. If it only had one thing on the menu that would be good enough for me! . . I still have yet to go to the one in Scottsdale even though I'm walking distance from it, but the downtown Phx location just seems so authentic. One of these days when I have an extra $20 in my wallet I'll bike over to their Scottsdale spot and see if it matches up. . . Either way, if enough reviews haven't persuaded you yet to be adventurous and try this awesome mix of food, you should stop using Yelp because you're doing it wrong.  . . Protip: Get it smothered. Your getting enough food to give yourself a heart attack already, why not add some gravy and onions. You'll thank me later!
Absolutely. Something for everyone, and a unique place for Phoenix . I won't debate how it compares to chicken & waffles places in the South or in L.A., all I can say is that every meal I've had here has been terrific. Fried chicken is the perfect balance of crispy and juicy.  The cinnamon-y (is that a word?) waffles are tender and melt in your mouth. A nice splash of maple syrup and there's no need for the ice-cream-sized scoop[ of butter sitting on top.  Cornbread and sweet potatoes are also good. I'm not a fan of greens, okra or mac & cheese, but my family and friends vouch for their excellence. Service is always friendly. So, so good.
I absolutely love this place. A great place to take your family. Everything on the menu is Delis!! I would recommend the sweet tea or the coo laid
I've only been here once but I really want to go back. Sadly it's a bit of a hike for me. . . I got the Betty Boop and the Stupid Fries. Both were excellent. Be warned that the Stupid Fries look horrible, but they taste amazing so order them and dig in. The drinks are served in mason jars and the whole place feels and looks like you're in someone's home having a great meal. . . Hopefully I can go back soon because it was absolutely worth the drive.. . Update: Went back and they've remodeled. Food was still amazing and now the restaurant is also pretty great looking. Can't wait to go back again.
I been here a few times and it's one of my favorite places to dine when I'm craving chicken and waffles. It is a small place, but today I found out they are expanding which is great news.  . . I usually order the Betty Boop, which is a large chicken breast and a waffle on the side . It is delicious and filling.  Today I decided to try something different and ordered  the chicken sandwich. It 'sso big I couldn't finish it, but it was also very good.  It comes close to my favorite dish the Betty Boop.  I would also like to mention the staff is always friendly.
SOOOO GOOD!. . If you're in Phoenix and you want fried chicken, go here.  The chicken is perfectly fried, tasty, and juicy.  It's exactly how I like my fried chicken.  And the waffles are delicious.  . . I was sad when I had to stop eating my waffles to eat more chicken and then I was sad to stop eating my chicken to take a bite of my waffles.  That's how good the food is!  Yes yes, I could have eaten both simultaneously, but I wanted to taste the flavor of each because they can stand alone and knock your socks off.. . If I were a guest on the show "Best thing I ever ate - fried chicken" this would be the place I recommend.
AMAZING!. . That about sums it all up.. AWESOME service from every staff member.  Authentic sweet tea (my sister from tennessee gave the approval!).  Love the mason jars for the drinks. and the food...........wow.  I never knew Fried chicken and waffles could be so amazing.. I'm in love.  : ). . This was my second time there and i will most definitely be back!
Awesome, awesome food!
Chickennnnn! I love soul food! I was staying at a hotel in North Phoenix, but drove 20 minutes downtown to try this place!. . I got the "Baby Ray" which was 3 pieces of chicken smothered with gravy and onions, and 2 waffles. Mmmmm, I'm drooling just thinking about it. I really loved the gravy, it tasted great with the chicken. The food came out fast despite how crowded it was! The service was friendly.
I just went there for the second time at this location - having been to the Scottsdale location twice as well.  I like the funky charm of the extremely small old house that appears to have several small (I'm sure not permitted!  :-) additions from over the years!...Oh my god I love this place!  This is what the fried chicken in my dreams tastes like.  I always get the 3 pieces with 2 waffles and it puts me into food bliss state.  The last time I went there was a decent wait outside with the other two dozen people attempting to have lunch - this time was better because it was late lunch - my favorite time anyway!  Awesome, fast friendly service, delicious Kool-Aid, fried chicken with waffles for a late lunch - dream come true experience.
I am seriously addicted to this fabulous pair. Who would have thought chicken and waffles would go soooo well together. Food was amazing!!!!
Having recently moved to Phoenix, this is my favorite place to eat out here so far. The area looks a little sketchy, but maybe only because I've always gone after it's already dark out. I've been here three or four times and they have never disappointed! Someone has been outside the door greeting every time I have visited. Even when we had to wait to be seated, we were given menus to look over while we waited. They are always busy and with good reason!. . My family came to visit, and I wanted to take them to Lo-Lo's for dinner. We all tried a little of each other's foods to sample different plates. I always get Chyna's Honey Hots. Six big wings served with ranch. There has always been a lot of leftover honey hot sauce even after I've finished eating, so they definitely aren't lacking on the sauce. They have a great flavor to them, and they're always very hot temperature wise and have a zing flavor wise.. . We ordered the South Side Chili Cheese Fries which was a MUCH bigger serving than I had anticipated. There were 6 of us eating the fries with our meals and we still had leftover food AND fries. The portions are very generous. . . We all loved the waffles and various styles of chicken. One person at my table ordered the SoulFood Platter of Chicken Fried Chicken which is chicken covered with white sausage gravy. This was also great. It came with a piece of cornbread and 2 sides. One of those sides were string beans and red potatoes. This was probably my favorite side that I've tried so far. They are much spicier than I would have imagined. So much flavor, I loved this side! The grits were also good for the side order. The regular fried chicken was also very tasty. . . The prices are a tad on the high side, but well worth it for the portions and taste you get out of it. The restaurant is also VERY clean. VERY, VERY clean. I don't think I can even stress that enough. Not even a spec of dust on the picture hanging by our table. And the staff has always been amazing. Our bill for 6 people was between $80-90, which wasn't too bad considering the amount of food we had leftover and shared the massive plate of chili cheese fries along with our individual entrees. I will definitely be returning!
Went to Phoenix with my baby over the weekend. He asks, "Baby wat u wanna eat?" I thought about it and said, "fried chicken, boo." Baby goes to get the food. When he comes back I'm looking at him like he's the LAST chicken wing on the table..."WHERE DA FOOD AT???" He hands me my container, which I almost drop cuz I ain't expectin that much food! I open and much to my delight...3 juicy (NOT greasy) pieces of chicken, greens, mac n cheese, and some good-ass corn bread. Baby wasn't lyin when he said this place was GOOD. He's from the South, so I knew to trust his judgment. =)  Can't wait to go back to Phoenix so I can have some mo' of that good good...food. LoL. ;-)
The new location is much bigger and GORGEOUS!  It's located on Central Avenue in a beautifully renovated building that Larry and Rasheedah White saved to preserve some South Phoenix history. The new restaurant is right around the corner from the tiny original location that will soon be torn down to complete the new parking lot.  Don't worry the food is as delicious as ever. The setting is now "Palais du Poulet" but the grub is hood fo'ever.
Was in Phoenix for the day and found this place on yelp. I left here wishing I lived in Phoenix. It is fried chicken done perfectly with perfect waffles and perfect butter. There's really nothing else to add. Just go.
I had been eating at the Scottsdale location all my time in the valley, so decided to give the original a try. Lo-Lo's just recently moved into the building next-door, and the original shack has been bulldozed. While waiting for the rest of my group, I loved being able to watch the food being made through the window! Staff was super friendly and we were seated by Larry "Lo-Lo" White himself. I also really liked the atmosphere inside with the mason jar lamps and all. Looking forward to coming again when live jazz is being performed!. . Now on to the actual food part. I ordered the #10 Tre-Tre's with a blue Kool-Aid. One awesome thing I noticed in comparing it to my experience in Scottsdale is that the chicken legs have waaay more meat on them. It's almost as if the meat on a breast at the Scottsdale location equates a leg at the Phoenix one. Definitely a good thing! The waffle was just as amazing as I've always experienced. I will be definitely returning to this spot.. . Oh, and if you didn't read my review of the Scottsdale location, take my advice and ORDER THE BANANA PUDDING! You won't regret it.
The first time I've regretted my bariatric surgery. Seriously the food was amazing, the staff polite, and the new restaurant was gorgeous. I only wish I could have enjoyed more food there.
They had Kool Aid! i was so happy to see it :). . The chicken and waffles were really good... my girlfriend and I went straight there from the airport, before going to our hotel, and it was completely worth it... . . yeah, waiting outside in 100 degree heat isn't ideal, but for 10 minutes you can deal with it... especially when they had someone outside giving out water. . If you're ever in Phoenix like us, or live out there, definitely stop in!!!
My husband and I have been going to this place for years. They recently opened up the new building and it is beautiful! I'm not a fan of Kool-aid but it's a must have here, the blue "flavor" is EVERYTHANG!! I usually get the soul food platter, comes with chicken, 2 sides (mine are mac & cheese and greans) and a big azz stupid sized piece of cornbread. If you have high blood pressure or clogged arteries I wouldn't recommend this place to you. You'll definitely be eating good in the hood here but if you come at night carry a blade in your purse. ;-)
Approaching the hostess stand as I looked around the newly designed space I was quick to find that much like my surroundings the service too at Lo Lo's was far superior to Roscoe's and led by one smiling face at the podium to another at my table towards the back it would not be long before a menu was in hand, water was filled, and a few daily specials were noted - the whole process taking less thanfive minutes and my order placed within ten, much to my waiter's delight as he noted "man, you ordered all the best stuff - I hope you brought your appetite.". . Sitting and watching the games as the restaurant's hustle and bustle continued my neighbors struck up a conversation with me stating that they had been coming to Lo-Lo's "every few weeks since the day it opened" and admitting it was my first time they suggested it definitely wouldn't be my last and within moments of the arrival of my meal I knew they were right as every single item that landed on my table looked excellent; the first being a single $3.50 "Aunt Hattie's Salmon Croquette" featuring a crispy external batter surrounding flaky salmon and studded with green onions.  Apparently a traditional southern recipe but one I'd not previously encountered I was told that these were best with a splash of Lo-Lo's "famous" hot sauce and although I generally prefer to avoid condiments I must say my neighbors were right as the acidity of the sauce really helped to bring out some of the more briny notes from the salmon while breading remained crunchy with minimal grease.. . Moving next to my main plate, the $14 Soulfood Platter with Chicken Fried Chicken, a golden waffle, macaroni and cheese, plus a round of cornbread it would be hard to find a gripe with this dish save for, maybe, those who like their mac n' cheese a little over-baked and with a bit of crunch.  Featuing a double dipped and friend boneless, skinless breast alongside a bowl of intense and peppery sausage gravy the chicken here was definitely the star of the show with each bite juicy and full of crunch but largely devoid of any oil whatsoever.  Nicely spiced and with the gravy further gilding the lily I next turned my attention to the waffle, also crisp but intensely buttery with a good amount of 'give' at the center and while pure maple syrup would have been ideal in the end the Mrs. Butterworth's was fine - the sweetness tempered by the chicken, gravy, and macaroni.  Last but not least, the cornbread crowned with a mound of butter was textbook - a little dry, not too sweet, and good both on its own or as a transition between the plate's other components.. . Making short work of the Soulfood plate my primary server, Joseph, stopped by to say "nice job" and asking if I had room for dessert I think he was surprised when I said yes - and even more surprised when I ordered two; one for here, one to go, and both eliciting a slow whistle from the gentleman to my left who said to his wife "that boy can eat" - and much like the savories what I ate next would be outstanding.. . Beginning first with the lesser known of Lo-Lo's signature desserts, a house made banana puddin' served in a hefty mason jar and topped with an airy dollop of whipped cream - at $5 this is probably the steal of the menu as the container must have contained twenty spoonful of the rich parfait.  At times rife with the fructose of banana and at times mellowed by whipped cream or saturated Nilla wafers with plenty of textural nuance added by crumbles and chunks of unsoaked cookie this was precisely my kind of dessert; high end ingredients or not, I love pudding.. . Realizing I couldn't (or a least shouldn't) leave Lo-Lo's without trying their oft raved "Sandy Sand's Red Velvet Cake" and knowing I could (but shouldn't) have eaten it while I was still seated at 10 Yuma Street I asked for a piece to be boxed up and although it wasn't pretty, the results were just as good as many have suggested - the cake moist, dense, and loaded with cocoa while the cream cheese icing is slick but not too sweet and nicely tempered by the pecans.  Generally one to fancy cupcakes over sliced cakes mostly because I prefer there to be more cooked surface area and thus more 'sponge' I was particularly interested to see the open baking window as I left the restaurant where the team was assembling the cakes from large springform pans thus allowing the layers to each have more exposure and thus explaining the excellent texture.  For my money I'd go with the puddin', but this is one damned fine Red Velvet, and in the context of the experience that is Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles either make a great finale to a great meal in an unexpected but excellent setting.
I have fantasized about the idea of chicken and waffles for quite some time now, and Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles was all that I hoped for and more!  The chicken and waffles, cornbread, sweet potatoes, mac 'n cheese, grits and kool-aid were amazing! The restaurant itself is really cute too.  Very creative decor.  Such a fun, delicious dinner experience!
Wowzers! This place was amazing. I shared the chicken and waffels and I had to add some side dishes: mac-n-cheese, collard greens, and gravy. It was quite the soul food experience; everything was mmmmm mmmm tasty. I also treated myself to some of the kool-aide (ohh -yea) took me right back to my childhood. The service was great!  It was tough to find parking but once inside it was an inviting and fun atmosphere.
bomb.com. . Brings me back to my days living in LA from eating at Rosco's. You cant go wrong with chicken and waffles!
This is by far, the best chicken and waffles I've ever tasted. I've tried them all...in Oakland, Long Beach, and Los Angeles. And none of the restaurants can compare to Lo-Lo's!! The waffles are amazing, it's fluffy and soft while the chicken is crisp and juicy. I love how they have Kool-Aid too. The other restaurants I've tried in California don't have Kool-Aid!!! And the Kool-Aid at Lo-Lo's is fantastic...it has a perfect balance of flavor and sweetness. It's like they put crack in it or something! My girlfriend had the "Stupid Fries" which had cheese, peppers, onions, and chicken smothered all over french fries. It's crazy good too and I definitely recommend to order that as an appetizer to share. Can't wait to return to this place again when I come back to Phoenix :0)
Lo-Lo's makes the best damned fried chicken ANYWHERE, not just West of the Mississipi!! That's saying a lot, but it's true. Their waffles are incredible, too. I love the family feel of the place too and seriously, kool-aid in a mason jar?? AWESOME!
this place ROCKS. Fabulous service, food, dessert.... parking kinda sucks but Id walk a mile for this comfort food! The open windows in the front are such a huge selling point. You can actually see the clean kitchen you're eating from, and watch the home made desserts being crafted. Keep up the amazing work guys!!!!
Oh, Lo-Lo's how I love thee...  . . I catered Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles for a surprise Halloween lunch for my staff this week and it was a huge hit.  I just told them I was catering lunch in, I didn't tell who was bringing the food.  After the food was set up and ready to go I emailed the staff and told them the food was ready and that it was Lo-Lo's.  You should have seen the steady stream of employees that started 'prairie dogging' over their cubicle walls and letting each other know what the big, surprise lunch announcement was!  It was hilarious how fast they scooted their normally slow asses to the conference room to be the first in line for Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles!!. . Lo-Lo himself (Larry) came out and he made piping hot, fresh waffles to order as the employees all dined on the best fried chicken in all of Arizona, and some of the most delicious mac and cheese and read beans and rice I've ever tasted.    Ohmidog, their food is so damn good.... . I was the office hero for the day and I couldn't have done with without Lo-Lo's.  Thank you, Larry!  . . You want to be the most popular person in your office?  Cater Lo-Lo's for your staff for lunch.  You will NOT be disappointed in the results.  ;)
I was craving chicken and waffles aso I decided to try the phoenix location of LoLo's. This location seems bigger and nicer decor. I like the floors. I went around 10:30 am on a weekday. I ordered chicken breast, waffle and cheesy grits. It came out really fast and it was delicious
All the hype about this place... DEFINITELY WORTH IT!. . I came to Phoenix to visit my bestfriend and she had been talking about this place ever since she moved there. . . I walked in the restaurant and was instantly greeted by the friendly hostess. We were sat within 3 minutes (which was pretty good because I've been told that it gets BUSY especially on the weekends). . Our waitress took good care of us. I got the 3 piece chicken with waffles as well as grits and  scrambled eggs with onions and cheese. The fried chicken tasted soo good! You know how sometimes when you deep fry a chicken, sometimes the white meat inside get's excessively oily and greasy--the chicken here was perfectly crispy on the outside and wonderfully moist in the inside. The eggs were AMAZING. . . They serve their drinks in large glass jars--I got the lemonade... yum!. . I tried a bit of my friend's catfish sandwich, YUM! Next time I visit, I'm going to have to get that!. . Definitely go to Lolo's! There's also one in Scottsdale too if you're in that area ;)
mmm mmm mmm....i will be back...
Yum, yum, yum!!!. . I've heard about this place for years and recently had the chance to give it a try. Wow, some of the best fried chicken I've ever had combined perfectly with crispy waffles and topped off with syrup and LoLo's own hot sauce. . . Service was very friendly and the facility was really nice, very welcoming and comfortable. Yes, you have to drive a little further South on Central Avenue than some people find comfortable, but its well worth it.. . If you're looking for great comfort food, give LoLo's a shot!
Lo-Lo`s:You had me at chicken and waffles!! A first for me trying this and damn I`m gonna be back for more!! Hardest part here was deciding what to order but I went with what I came for- Lo-Lo`s ( 3 pc fried chicken and waffles). Juicy and crisp,Heaven to my tummy!!  Also tried the red Kool aid drank! Yum!!. . Like I said I plan to be back to try more delicousness  here, especially the red velvet cake!
Damn Fine breakfast establishment. After suffering a horrible wait and no food episode at Matt's big breakfast. I drove by Lo Lo's and decided to give em a try. I am so happy I did. I got the coffee and the breakfast sandwich and I'm happy to say I was sat at a table promptly, my coffee was fresh and great, and my sandwich was heaven on earth. It was similar pricing to Matt's and everything was good start to finish. I will return to Lo Lo's for breakfast in the future.
Excellent customer service, delicious food. I've been here more than any other restaurant in Phoenix since moving here a year and a half ago. They've recently expanded their building... now the interior looks nice, too. Parking used to be an issue, but now they have a lot with plenty of space. . . When I asked about the new interior my group and I actually received a mini tour of the place. They showed us the kitchen (we didn't go inside, of course) and other areas. That's going way over what's expected, if you ask me. . . I see a lot of good reviews on their dessert, however I always leave stuffed with a ton of leftovers on even the smallest meals and haven't had a chance to try any. . . PS: Get the "stupid fries".
When I heard about this place I thought - chicken and waffles served together . . I could not imagine this combination together but once I tried it I was HOOKED . . All I can see if Oh my gosh it is the best fried chicken and the waffles are light and fluffy and HUGE . . . I love this place - the only down side is it is a bit of a drive for me (but well worth the trip !!!)
Took my mom out to Lo-Lo's for dinner on the 29th.  This was my 3rd time at Lo-Lo's and the 1st since the expansion.  The place looks great!  It was a busy Saturday night and the restaurant was packed, but they still found us a table very quickly.  I ordered the Famous Soul Food Platter w/ 3 pieces of chicken, a cornbread muffin, mac & cheese, a waffle and some of that good ol' lemonade.  My mom got the Toy-Toy (I think that's 2 wings and a waffle) and some grape Kool-Aid.. . We expected to wait a while for our food, but it was on the table in no time.  Our chicken was hot, crispy and juicy, even better w/ that hot sauce.  The mac was good, cheesy and not cooked to death (which I really appreciated).  That corn muffin was tasty and the waffles... they were just BOMB.  I rolled up a piece of chicken in it and that really set it off.. . Even with all those people in there, the staff didn't even seem stressed.  They checked on us and made sure we were taken care of.  Everybody was all smiles the whole time and our server gave us a "God bless" on the receipt.  Nice touch!. . I'll be back.  You better believe I WILL be back.
Well we finally made it to Lo-Lo's for lunch after hearing so much about it!! All I can say is what took us so long?!? This place was amazing!. . We came about 3pm on a Sunday and had a 10-15 min wait. I loved looking around the restaurant and really liked the red brick inside and out. Also I liked the decor of lights made out of mason jars and TVs around. Waiting was not a problem. Once we were sat we were greeted with a friendly waiter, I think his name was Joseph. . . I ordered the catfish and waffle and my wife had the #2 Baby Ray, basically 3 piece chicken meal with 2 waffles with gravy and onions. We also had a side of the Mac n cheese too. All in all I thought the food was outstanding!  Probably best friend chicken I've ever had. I loved it even more with a bite of chicken and waffle at the same time! Simply amazing. The catfish was also equally amazing. Very flakey and fried just right. The waffles were made perfect too and I can't forget about the gravy. Very thick and yummy. Oh and the Mac! I heard that they have mushrooms in the Mac. I'm not a fan if mushrooms but gave it a try and I'm glad I did. Was also great. We ended our meal with a taste of the red velvet cake.  But we had to get it to go because we were both so stuffed! But when I did try it, it's didn't disappoint!  Very hearty and I liked the walnuts in it. . . All in all I have no idea what took us so long to try Lo-Lo's!!  Now that I know where it's at ill definitely be coming back!
This is the first location I went to and while the place was small and kinda shabby, it smelt great and we were welcomed with smiling faces. We ordered the chicken and waffles and I got a lemonade that was served to me in a large jar. The lemonade was a little too sweet for me but I've been told that's how they serve in the south. The food was delicious and fresh. I've eatin at the Scottsdale location two times since this first visit to the downtown location, Scottsdale is just closer to me. On our way out of the restaurant we passed Shaquille O'neal, who was there eating lunch with some friends. Very pleasant experience :)
Was in town recently and saw this place as I was driving.  Um, chicken & waffles are like my cryptonite so before I knew it I was sitting at the counter looking at an amazing red velvet cake under glass and a crazy menu with so many choices I thought I had died and gone to heaven!  Love the drinks served in mason jars.  Nice touch Lo-Lo's!   So I ordered chicken and waffles of course (duh!) and a side of collard greens.  The southern fried chicken was perfect!  Add to that an awesome waffle soaked in butter and maple syrup.  Is there anything better?  Well, yes there is because the collard greens had to be the best I have ever tasted.  If you are in the area you will be missing out big time if you don't stop and check this place out!
I love this place.  The chicken and waffles are good.  But many people miss out because they do not order the shrimp and grits dish.  The shrimp and grits was the best I ever had.
Hnngh.. huuuuuuhhhhhhh.. . Fried chicken, waffle, greens, catfish. Can never move again. I am OK with that. Ordered one piece of catfish, two came out, "because they were a little small". Best food of this particular expedition to Phoenix, and there are still a couple days left in my trip. This will be hard to beat, though.. . Chef May? About your place down in Tucson? Yeah this is what you're trying to achieve. Please come take notes.. . This is a silly thing to be happy about, perhaps, but I am always slightly irritated when I get a 6oz plastic tumbler stuffed with ice and a few drops of water. I drink water, a lot of it, and I don't normally get other drinks. Good service, an extra cup, a pitcher at the table, these are all things that can mitigate this. Lo-Lo's sidesteps it completely by providing 1L mason jars of water (I believe I saw kool-aid too) by default. I didn't even need a refill.. . I was so massively over-full that I couldn't try the red velvet cake but I'm almost considering driving back down there and getting a piece to go, the way other yelpers go on about it.
This is a must try if you are ever in phx! There are two locations which one is in downtown phoenix and the other in Scottsdale. After a night of partying and some great home cooked meals or just the craving for something sweet yet salty this place will hit the spot. I love that they make their own kool-aid and also have a variety of flavors. The Mac N Cheese is to die for along with their cornbread. I have had everything from the breakfast sandwhich, catfish, chicken wings, chicken strips, breast, and waffles with none of them falling short from excellent.
I don't like fried chicken. Definitely not enough to order it at a restaurant. Ever. It isn't that I haven't had a lot of it, but there's nothing that I've really enjoyed about most of what I've had.. . That said, Lo-Lo's is, hands down, the best fried chicken I've ever eaten: COMPLETELY crispy skin, flavorful coating and succulent meat. You gotta try it.. . At Lo-Lo's, I like mine with waffles, syrup and hot sauce... with a side of buttered grits or mac and cheese... And don't forget a big ol' sweet tea in a giant Mason jar.. . The service was spectacular, too -- what more could you ask for? . . Just GO! Now.
This review should be read aloud in the voice of my dad, which means a combination of Foghorn Leghorn and Tommy Lee Jones.. . Q: do you like fried chicken? . . If you answered "yes" proceed to Lo-Lo's. . . If you answered "no",  then what in the hell is wrong with you? . . Seriously, go get a chicken leg from anywhere else that sells chicken legs. . . Go on. I'll wait.. . Now, look at the chicken leg that you just brought over here to me and compare it to.... . THIS BIG-ASS MONSTROUS LEG FROM A REAL CHICKEN THAT THEY ARE GONNA SERVE YOU AT LO-LO's!. . Not only is this leg three times bigger than that lilole scrawny bantam leg you got, but it's ten times as juicy and tastes like the good Lord done blessed whatever chicken it came from with the most delicious chicken genes he could find! . . Chicken so good you'll wanna take the bones home with you and suck on 'em later just to reminisce about how good that chicken was.
I went there once and really can't wait to go back again. Great food and great service. Very fun just to be there and delicious. I forgot what their special name was for it, but I had the one with a waffle and two chicken legs. I was very satisfied, paid the fair price and left feeling like I could win the day. It's not dirt cheap (the way I like it), but definitely fair. It's the kind of food that energizes rather than exhausts you after eating it. They do a great job!
So my new obsession lately has been soul food and I knew I had to check this place out. I have never had chicken and waffles (something about sweet and sour mixing altogether just threw me off) but my girlfriends told me I'd be a simple minded b**** not to try it out. Okay, fine, bring it out.. . ... along with the soul food platter, which consists of one HUGE piece of catfish, one piece of chicken (your choice on which part you want) smothered with gravy and onions, two sides (get the mac & cheese/beans over rice) AND CORNBREAD! . . After several of my arteries clogged and I couldn't breathe, we paid our bill and swore this would be our new Sunday spot. It will be yours too!
Slap yo momma good ! . Best fried chicken I've ever had and I'm not a big fried chicken fan but it was awesome !!!! Waffles & chicken ? Yep they ARE a good combo in fact ! Chili cheese fries are some of the best I've had. . The chili didn't have all the chunky veggies in it yet it had so much yummie flavor ! . I hate veggies so that worked out of me ;) . I would definitely go back ! Yum yum
chicken!. waffles!. kool aid!. . why aren't you eating at lolo's yet?
I love this restaurant. Can't beat classic chicken and waffles. I must say though that I am a food lover of sorts. I am addicted to the endless combinations in all varieties of food. I can name hundreds of combos! But when it comes to it and (you know what I mean fellow food connoisseurs) and you are in need of some straight up southern cookin'. I'm tellin' you right now. Lo-Lo's Man! Lo-lo's...! that's all i have to say about that.
Seriously why are you here looking at the reviews and not there eating? Go.. now .. do not turn around and dont look for other places.. just go.
I was not disappointed at all! I had the Tre-Tre (2 drumsticks and a waffle) with a side of cheesy grits and cornbread. Everything was delicious! I will be coming back here from now on.
If you haven't had the food, then your missing out, put it on the to do list immediately
The first time my boyfriend and I ever went to Lo-Lo's was in April of last year. And back then, it was just a house with a modestly sized dining area. It was a bit of a hole in a wall, but the food and service was far from disappointing. :) We went again not too long ago, and they upgraded to a larger building. Of course, the food was still amazing. The koolaid and lemonade is a bit too sweet, even for my taste (which is saying something, because I LOVE sweets), but still good. Oh, but the food. OGAD,THE FOOD.. . So good.. SO GOOD.. If you haven't tried Lo-Lo's yet THEN YOU DON'T EVEN UNDERSTAND HOW GOOD THEY ARE.
If all I could eat every time I went to Lo-Lo's was grits and collard greens, they'd STILL get 5 stars. Thank you from the bottom of this Southern boy's heart.
Lolo's is the result of vision, and putting your heart and soul into painting that vision on the canvas of reality. From the moment my wife and I walked in, we were immersed in the soul food vibe. From the kind hostess, to the music playing softly enough to hear, but still enjoy a conversation, to the walls covered in murals of family portraits, all the way to the food... Oh my, the food. Southern fried chicken and waffles, grits, collard greens, and sweet tea in a mason jar. As I ate, all I could think was, "Thank you, Jesus." The ONLY thing that was a little disappointing was the catfish, a little too thin and a little too dry. But the rest of the experience made it a single drop of rain on a sunny day. If you're ever in Phoenix and you love soul food, do not wait as long as I did to experience Lolo's.
Next time I'm in Phoenix this is my first stop! I ordered the Lo Los with a side of green beans and corn bread. WOW, I love that southern cooking! The sweet tea was amazing and at how many places can you order Kool-Aid on tap!
I love chicken and waffles. That is the best idea anybody ever had. I think Lo-Lo's is the best. Even better than that famous place in California. This was my first time at the Phoenix location. I have been to the Scottsdale location a few time. I don't know which one I like better. They are both great. The Phoenix one does have a very nice outdoor seating are. They have a big green outdoor couch that is very comfy. Great to hang out on while you wait for your table.. I was there for the 4th meeting of the UYE Breakfast Club. Always a good time with great people. I know they have other things on the menu but how do you get by the chicken and waffles. One day I might have to go twice in one day so I can try something else. I ordered the 2 drumsticks and a waffle. #10. It was awesome of course. Don't forget the jar of Kool Aid. Yum. So good. Great service too. Everyone is always really nice. This is the place where I first tried grits. I have heard people complain about grits in general but these were great. Add a little honey and they are almost perfect. Maybe some cinnamon would put them over the top. This one of those places where the food is so good you can't stop eating even though you are full.. The place was very clean and the pictures on the wall are great. This is one of my favorite places and I will be back to this location or the Scottsdale one over and over again.
Please everyone, if you are in Phoenix, AZ you must eat the fried chicken here. Holy smokes is the skin crispy and flavorful! Doesn't feel heavy at all...I should have ordered some to go :/
Delicious food, GREAT service (there were 12 of us and the one waitress was charismatic and on top of everything!), and awesome atmosphere. Definitely a hit and one of Phoenix's best spots!! Thanks Lo-Lo!. . PS- If you're going as a big group, bring cash!
Love love love this place. Whenever I fly in from the northeastern part of the country, this is my first stop. If you eat like a bird and can never jump off the "good calorie" band wagon, don't bother to write a review about how "unhealthy or fattening" the food is. We don't have soul food places like this up north and thank god they don't. The chicken is awesome as are all the sides I have had, especially the collards. I have only eaten at the Phoenix one and probably always will. The staff is friendly and pretty prompt. I don't drink koolaid or sweet tea, but that is my choice, not a judgement call. I have yet to save room for dessert but with the fried chicken so delicious, I would rather just eat that and the collards til I bust. Looking forward to my next visit.
Love the atmosphere, the art pieces on the walls, music is entertaining. I love coming back and it reminds me a little of Roscoe's in Los Angeles. Their chicken is nicely flavored, love their wings, I can eat 10 of those and still ask for more. Their portions are perfect for the price and service is great...no complaints. I've been there four times and never had a bad experience with them.
The neighborhood?  Shady.  The building?  Super old.  The food? Unhealthy.  But you know what, its worth every penny.  Outstanding comfort food spot.  I've gotten the Lo-Lo's with a jar of blue drank everytime.  Its a caloric nightmare, but its absolutely awesome.  Sweet waffles and syrup mixed with great fried chicken truly is where its at.  This place draws people from all walks of life.  If you want to try a downtown institution for breakfast and (like me) aren't counting calories, you can't go wrong here
I love this place! They have the best fried chicken which taste like it was seasoned from the inside out. Also all of the wait staff are really really friendly and you never have to ask for a refill. I would recommend that you ask for pecan's in your waffles. A server suggested it to me once and now I have to get my waffles like that every time. And don't worry about which location you go to. They have the same level of service and same quality of food at both locations.
Today was our first time to Lo Lo's and it won't be the last time! We went to the Scottsdale location and the customer service was excellent. We were greeted by a friendly hostess and had a table within 20 minutes. Our server was just as friendly. . . The menu offers many choices so everyone should find options to their liking. Remember this is not diet food so if you expect that and then provide a poor review...shame on you. This is good old fashioned comfort food and did not disappoint. The fried chicken was some of the best we have ever had and the sides were plentiful and very tasty. The gravy with onions was pretty amazing too. My wife really enjoyed the homemade lemonade and I indulged in the grape Kool Aid which was like being a kid again. . . We ended up bringing home plenty of leftovers and had to bring home a slice of the Red Velvet cake. The cake was very moist and not too sweet which was a pleasant surprise and nice finish to our evening.
so good, food is great!!
This was the second place I requested to go on our trip to Arizona. My boyfriend isn't as into Soul Food as I am, but he ended up loving it as much as I did! We arrived around 11:45 on Saturday morning and there was a short wait to be seated.. . Once seated everything happened very fast. Everybody who works here is very friendly and we were constantly checked on. We both ordered a "jar of drank," Sweet Tea. It was really good. I could taste lots of honey in it. Yum! They also offer to go cups so I was able to take it with me when we left.. . My boyfriend ordered Nay Nay's breakfast, two waffles, two eggs, and a bowl of grits. His waffles were delicious, loaded with cinnamon. Loved those. I usually don't like grits, but they were good here. There was so much butter on them, I don't know how somebody couldn't like them!. . I went with the Lolo's Famous Soul Food Platter, and I chose three pieces of fried chicken, mac & cheese, and smothered potatoes. This platter is also served with a piece of cornbread. I knew it would be way too much food, but I wanted to try it all. Everything was perfect! The chicken was super juicy, the skin was crispy and salty and exactly what I was hoping it would be. The mac & cheese was flavorful and very cheesy. The smothered potatoes were great, chunks of potatoes swimming in a very peppery gravy with some peppers and onions. And the cornbread was great too, very sweet.. . The restaurant is bright and airy and they played awesome music the entire time we were here. The bathroom was very clean. The outdoor patio area was really cute. If I lived in Phoenix I would be here all the time! We were both really glad we stopped by here for lunch, we left full and happy. I am sure we will come here again whenever we visit Arizona.
"Best chicken! Great staff! Good ole southern fried! Juicy, crispy, just plain YUM!!"
I went to see friend Carlos Rivas' art that was recently installed.  . . This is not my usual fare, but for that meal once in awhile that is just about enjoying comfort food without a thought of nutritional value, I'd definitely come back.. . I enjoyed the chicken breast, it was fried to perfection and not too greasy.  The waffle was the perfect complement.  I tasted my friend's tea, which was diluted in half and it was still way too sweet.  I am just not used to that much sugar.. . Everything else was just as I expected, and it satisfied the half of my DNA that prides itself on its Southern roots.  . . If you're overly concerned about health and don't have it in you to once in awhile just go eat something for the taste, please don't go here.   Your whining will distract me from enjoying my meal. . . If you "get" that once in awhile a meal like this is perfectly fine, come on over to my table.  We'll share a few sides and enjoy some Southern comfort together!
This place never disappoints! . The chicken is hot and delicious and the waffles are on point. I really liked how the drinks are served in BIG mason jars and their Arnold Palmer is great. . The servers are really nice and helpful and the place is always busy but not overly crowded.
Chicken and waffles was a mainstay of living in Carolina. People used to laugh about the combo, but now it is quite hip, and found in upscale LA, SF, LV, even NY versions. They are good but they are mostly overpriced knock-offs. LoLos is a knock-off on Mrs Whites', but I suspect she(mom) approves. This is real deal, and worth every penny
Every Lo Lo's is great food and atmosphere. This is a very nice one.
So I came to Phoenix 3 years ago for a business trip and had the chance to experience Lo-Lo's. I was so glad that my job was sending me back to Phoenix this month so I could once again experience this place! Imagine my surprise when I arrived in a taxi cab and the place was totally renovated! I mean it's larger, more modern looking and even has a patio. I was worried that the food might not be the same, but it was even better than I remembered. The menu is so extensive and everything looked and sounded good. I decided on 3 pieces of chicken, grits, scrambled eggs with cheese and onions and of course 2 waffles...oh and I had to add a salmon croquette. My coworkers got some of the same things along with fried catfish, mac and cheese and potato salad. We all enjoyed our food tremendously, but you know what else we loved?? The DRANKS! We started out with the Lemonade/Ice Tea mix, then moved on to the Blue Kool Aid and Lemonade mix. My coworker then got a Red, Grape Koolaid and Lemonade mix! Gosh how I love this place. Our server Carlos was awesome, so personable and stayed on top of everything we needed. The one last thing that made this place so awesome and made the dining experience one of the best was the music. Whatever Pandora station they have on rotation or whoever made their playlist is ON POINT! I was grooving the whole time I was eating, two my most favorite things in life, good food and good music.  Oh and how could I forget! I was too full, but best believe I took a piece of lemon cake home! Yessssssssssss Honey!!! Ate a little piece of it today, days later I might add and this is after I traveled back to the East Coast with it in my carry on (it's been in the fridge in between travelling time) and it definitely meets my expectations. Oh how I'll miss you Lo-Lo's I wish there was one in DC, until I see you again Phoenix!. . Whether it had still been in that little shack of a restaurant or not, I will always come back to Lo-Lo's , but I'm so proud and happy for you in your new digs!!!
First time at the remodeled location, wow such a nice place almost drove by it. Actual parking lot instead of parking in the street. . Chicken and Waffles are awesome and the Kool Aid in the retro flashback. If you have room for dessert their mile high cake is so good.
Solid food.  Love coming to this place
Lo Lo's is best at anytime of day!! It was so good I took my entire family there for my post-graduation dinner!! When ever one of my out of town friends come in town I always take them here! Food, service and building are all amazing!!!
Had the stupid fries and they were stupid good. Lemonade was also on point.
WHERE DO I BEGIN. for starters lets just say this place is B.O.M.B. the red kool aid ROCKS!!!. the chicken is oh so amazing but the best is the waffles and the honey bbq wings/ chinas chicken . I fell in love all over again. sadly to say but the best relationships i have had are with my food but oh so totally worth it!!!
Had the lolo special and it was very delicious!  Fast service too.   Oh the red koolaid was on hit too!
Two locations that makes this doubly good.  Word of advice though, Sundays and Fridays are busy, so be prepared for a little wait.  Wife and I go after work around 4-430 when feasible, before the rush, and we are able to get in, seated, and out.  The chicken is superb, the waffles are golden brown, the catfish is stuperbly bursting with flavors, if you never thought of chicken and waffles, try LoLo's they will change your mind.
I love this place, the food is the bomb and the kool-aid off da hook...
When we arrived there was a wait, but it was well worth it. The portions were huge and the flavors delicious. The waffles were my favorite part... I would definitely return next time I am in Phoenix!
Ever since the remodel, there is hardly a wait except Sundays. Delicious juicy chicken, cheesy mac, and tea so sweet it'll give you diabetes! Yumm
Soooo excited that the fearless leader of the breakfast decided on this place for a UYE. Ive been hearing about it for a while, and it lives up to all the hype.. . Its smaller, and very homey. The smells when you 1st walk in here are wonderful. It was super busy when we came here, and I wouldnt surprised if thats how it is always. We waited on their nice little patio for our entire group to arrive in order to be seated.. . Finally our stragglers arrived and we were able to check out the menu. Very simple, home style food. Lots of different options to chose from. I decided on the classic chicken and waffles, my husband decided on just the waffle and a side of mac and cheese. His waffle was huge (thats what she said), and he really enjoyed his mac and cheese. I was very happy w/ my juicy chicken and waffle. It really was so so good. And the Koolaid! Awesome. It wouldve been better if it was served in Ball jars instead of Kerr jars, but Im biased. :). . Go here. Brave the wait and be deliciously rewarded.
Ahhhh....Lo-Lo's....the best of the best when it comes to Phoenix's (early) late night delights. The soul food here is to die for--definitely THE BEST in the valley. If you've never been to Lo-Lo's you're missing out. Period.. . Overall, the wait is worth the fried gold at the end of the rainbow.
It doesn't get any better than this. Sunday morning wait time for a party of 8 was only about 25 minutes. The scent of those heavenly waffles and crispy fried chicken was wafting through the parking lot and waiting area, driving us nuts! We tried just about everything again this morning sharing deliciously crispy fried chicken that was moist and tender; flavorful waffles with lots of butter and maple syrup; coarse ground grits that are just this side of perfection; sweet candied yams with enough brown sugar to melt your bitter away; green beans with just a touch of spice and some red potatoes; and that velvety banana pudding. Oh my land! Service from Chris and his crew was some of the best we've ever had. Keep it up Lolo's and we'll keep coming back again and again and again.
AMAZING!  First time I've had shrimp and grits and I now love it!  Had a nice kick to it with some nice large shrimp.  Also you have to try the fried green tomatoes.  The homemade lemonade is delicious too.  Definitely check this place out.
This location is great!  We sat out on the patio since the wait for inside was almost an hour.  YIKES.  It was a good choice though... a little hot but the misters kept us cool.  . . Love the drinks.  The Koolaid is great!!!  This time... I opted for an unsweetened tea with a splash of lemonade... delicious.. . The service here is divine.  Seriously.  Everything you could want out of a waitstaff... attentive, friendly & always smiling.  It seems like a great place to work and that really shows.. . I had the Betty Boop... consisting of a waffle & a chicken breast.  I'll just eat half, I told myself... and skip the syrup.  NOPE.  I drenched my waffle & chicken with syrup, inhaled the waffle & practically licked my plate clean.  No regrets.  Everyone gets a cheat day, right?. . I'll be back, Lo-Lo's.  :)
A funky old house, I believe, converted to restaurant.  The waffles are amazing (and we eat real waffles at home all the time), the chicken was just as you would expect...wonderful.  A real treat!
This place is amazing! My dad brother and I went  there for dinner last night and  we had . to wait 45 minutes but it was totally worth it! my brother said  we should only order 2 number 3s (thats what we all wanted) and it will be less money. so we ordered 2 #3 a cornbread for each of us it is amazing cornbread and a dollar for a piece and a side of cheese grits  we have 2 full waffles an 4 pieces of chicken leftover! and they have koolaid you never really find koolaid in restaurants amazing food and really friendly service and employees were always smiling !
I have eaten here a few times, and this review is long overdue.  First, I would like to begin by saying that the outside decor and parking lot full of cars at this place are a definite indicator of the pleasant experience that you will have, once you dine here.  I believe this is a family run establishment, and most certainly feels that way, with the hospitality and generally courteous nature of the staff.  What more can I say???  The food is excellent, Great service and great prices. I was in Phoenix this week and we (the guys and myself) ate there Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday.  Great experience each time.  If you like Soul/Southern Food, this place should be on your list.
I could get drunk on the grape koolaid any day! And don't get me started on the cheese grits, or the reason for our trip...the chicken & waffles! I love this place. What a great atmosphere.
I was really apprehensive to try LoLo's again after the big overhaul... afraid that it would lose the quality and charm that made it something special... Boy was I wrong!!!. . The food is amazing.  Fried chicken perfectly seasoned, juicy and crispy! Mac & chee, waffles, green beans all cooked to southern perfection! . . A giant mason jar of blue kool-aid is the ultimate accompaniment  in my opinion, but they now have a wide range of alcoholic bevvies to wet your whistle if you prefer.. . Chef Nicky stopped by our table twice to personally ask us about how we enjoyed our food - nice touch!  (And this is just one example of the spectacular service that we experienced the entire time we were at LoLo's!). . This place is rockin! I can't wait to show it off to out of town guests and local friends alike!
Never a bad experience.  Always leave full and satisfied.  Today's visit we were greeted by the extremely nice and personable chef. The mac and cheese was beyond delicious and chicken and waffles never disappoint!! Looking forward to my next visit.
Having lived in LA most of my life I had a difficult time finding the comfort foods Phoenix had to offer. LoLo's has taken the concept (I think) Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles created to a new level. A must have.
I've been to Lo-Lo's (and catered another office luncheon) several times since my first review for them and it's always the same thing when I do patronize them; amazing, flavorful food cooked with love and served by gracious, friendly servers.  . . The last time I went to their Phoenix location they had a special on an appetizer of fried green tomatoes and my husband and I tried them and were so impressed with them, delicious!  I definitely suggest you order them if they are offering them when you go!
As a LA native I have had the famous Roscoes chicken & waffles, this is BETTER.  I never thought I would ever say that.  Every time I come here we come in a big group, they are really accommodating and quick with the food.  The servers are really friendly and they have kool-aid on tap, if you're a fan.  The chicken is delicious, perfectly seasoned, perfectly fried, and perfectly juicy! The waffle was not soggy and compliments the chicken well.  The mac and cheese is so good.  Be ready to be so full you can't breathe though! Big portions and super heavy.  Its a must try if you are ever in Phoenix!
I LOVE this place. Such a great atmosphere and delicious food. I always look forward to going back. . . The chicken and waffles are fantastic, but try some of their other offerings.. The real cheese mac n cheese is amazing, as is the red velvet cake.
If it's Friday, it's time for LoLo's
Love lolos. their waffle are sop delicious. it seems like they have a hint of cinnamon. their brown gravy is to die for. i could literally drink a cup of gravy by itslef. the sweet tea is amazing! service an atmosphere is aways friendly and the establishment is extremely clean. every other menu item is just as delicious.
They have delicious chicken and waffles. They have regular wings not those steroid plumped wings I get at the bar. The drinks come in mason jars. The service was excellent and I will certainly go back. They get very busy but it's well worth it.
The new spot is pretty nice. Definitely enjoyed the patio with the beautiful weather. . . Long story short: I've dined in plenty of times now and the food is consistently awesome and the service is always spot on.  . . Only request: I miss the greens from their old spot when they used to be spicier with red pepper flakes. Either way greens r still tasty and I get the spice from the hot sauce.
As a former Atlanta resident and a forever lover of the South and all its delicious food, racist people and humid weather it has to offer- it was my absolute pleasure to bring my friend to his first ever Chicken & Waffle meal.. . Although the Scottsdale location is closer to my house, I insisted on my 25min drive to downtown Phoenix to eat at this Lolos because I refused to eat C&W at a place surrounded by floppy hats, leftover nightclub makeup and eating disorders. I wanted Southern-ghetto-fabulous and damnit,  I got it. And even though we showed up at 1 for brunch, we were still faced with a line literally out the door and almost around the block... yet we still put our name down and waited. The place is quite big so even with a large wait list our wait was still only 20mins- not too terrible. As we waited outside and got closer to the entrance, we kept admiring the people that came out with their to-go box, holding their stomachs and making jokes about being so full that they'll roll down the hill. "Thats what I want to be like!" I cried, super giddy with excitement. . . We got seated soon enough and we already knew what we wanted (obviously we spent our time outside planning out our meal). Between the two of us we ordered: Chicken and waffles (duh), Fried & smothered pork chops with mac and cheese, green beans and corn bread, fried green tomato appetizer and a giant mason jar of purple kool aid.. . As our feast arrived, I could feel my heart beating faster and my arteries clogging up. This was going to be a challenge worth fighting for. We started with the C&W and each put a half-waffle and half-chicken on our plate. My friend starts eating the chicken and I immediately go in a panic. "What are you doing! No! That's not how you eat it!". After giving him a long and passionatesermon, I bring a random server to our table to reinforce my lecture about the correct way of eating C+W. The server agrees:. . ************You grab your waffle. Add a layer of honey/syrup on top of every square of your waffle. You place your chicken ON TOP (either cut-up or whole). You cover the chicken with hot sauce. You grab your knife and fork (OR fold the waffle like a taco) and YOU EAT A BITE OF EVERYTHING AT ONCE************ . . As he took his first bite I swear I saw unicorns and rainbows come out of his eyes. He finally got it. The sweet, salty, spicy, crunchy, soft, fried goodness that is a well-executed C+W. Its sweaty redneck sex on a plate. Its fucking good.. . After that, you could've given us a flaccid french fry and we would have still called it a successful meal. The cornbread was amazing, the mac and cheese was tasty and the pork chop was the size of an overweight chihuahua. The only thing not worth ordering was the damn fried green tomatoes: only 4 slices for $7, completely covered in salt, with a side of salt and some extra salt to go with it. Half-way through the meal we found ourselves surrounded by 3 servers and the chef, all gathered to answer the "what are gizzards made of?" question- all because they were afraid that we would be grossed out by the definition. We were all cracking jokes and enjoying their company.. . As we were down to 1 fried green tomato and half a porkchop left, we started breathing heavily. "I don't think I can eat any more" said one person. "WE MUST FINISH THIS" said, well, me. Using every bone in my body to be able to eat the last couple bites, we took the nasty green tomatoes in a box and called the whole thing a victory. As soon as we sat in my car and turned the car on I grabbed my stomach and said "I'm sorry, I need to do this"- *takes off belt. "OOOHHHH GOD. MUCHH BETTER". I regret nothing.
Place was super busy, yet we were seated quickly. Customer service, price, and quality of food/drinks are awesome :)
By far the best place for some chicken and waffles with a nice tall mason jar full of red Kool-Aid!. . While some may say the location isn't the best [okay, it can seem pretty sketchy after dusk], the food is amazing!  I usually get the Betty Boop [a waffle and a breast] and some mac & cheese if I'm feeling extra hungry.  The waffle is always crisp and delicious and the fried chicken is delicious.  Gotta love that savory-sweet combo of a syrup-y bite of waffle with a juicy bite of chicken.  *shivers*. . The service is always friendly and this place is usually packed. Lo-Lo's definitely lives up to all their hype [don't go to the Scottsdale location though.  Totes not the same.]~!
A must-stop over when you're in the Phoenix area. Best southern food i've ever had! Far better than Roscoe's hands down. Their fried chicken is nicely seasoned. Not too much batter so when you bite into it, you're getting the right amount of crunch without the doughy taste. And it's juicy too! Even the breast. Their house made hot sauce is perfect on everything. I also ordered the biscuits and gravy. Biscuits were soft and fluffy and the gravy was legit too! And the service we got was really good. Def coming back when i get another chance.
