I can't say much about the casino but my room was AMAZING.. . Stayed in a City View Room of their HRH Tower and it was gorgeous!. . Look at pictures.. . Loved how bright it was, loved the tv's, loved their big plush bed and huge tub, but most importantly, loved the digital music system they have!. . Our room was always clean except for when I took a bath and the tub wasn't cleaned afterwards. Slight mishap I'm sure, as you couldn't really tell the tub had been used. . . Customer Service was excellent. Check in way easy. Good options for munchies and gambling, and great music playing at all times (always a plus).
LOOSE. SLOTS. This was the only place in Vegas where I won any money. Let's say that I spent $20 and walked out with $1500. In about an hour. Play those Wheel of Fortune slot machines, that's all I've gotta say. Start on the pennies, work up to the quarters, then try your luck on some dollar and five-dollar machines.. . Also, the Hard Rock has an all-you-can-eat tapas place that is simply amazing. So.. good casino, good food... It's all good and I think I'd probably stay here next time for those two reasons. Sure it's not on the strip, but who walks around in Vegas anyway? A cab ride is a cab ride.
Decided to take a Staycation with The Better Half and saw that the rates for the new HRH Tower at the Hard Rock was $90 per night.....sold!  We booked it online and headed down to get away for a couple of days.  Here are some highlights of our stay:. . - The tower is new and has a ton of room in the suites.  There's a separate bedroom & living room, very spacious.  (see pics). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=IBebLmeBXfFVUzg5ybHSEA. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=NgMh_-U4F58muEyYbyVJjg. . - The beds are very comfortable.  The pillow top mattress is soooo soft we melted into the bed.  We didn't want to wake up in the morning....LOL. . - There is a $15 per day resort fee.  For that you get access to the spa among other amenities.. . - The bathroom is huge!  Large, deep tubs.......large shower with rainfall shower head.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=QRXtpTSeupCvCrnahXg07w. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oakaMw79ChXM8NllHjgLNg?select=RhCKWzs4vQXFtBUv1vE0bg. . - The mini-bar is motion activated.....which means if you take something from it, if it's gone for more than 2 minutes it will automatically be charged to your room.....be careful not to remove anything unless you really want it!. . - The toiletries were awesome.  Soaps & shampoo were good quality.. . - The lobby of the new HRH Tower has a ton of new memorabilia in it....worth checking it out.. . Some QUICK TIPS:. - Parking for the HRH Tower is on the south side of the building.  Park at the parking garage or valet which is off of Harmon.  If you go to the other parking area, it's far from the new tower.. . - You get $10 in FREE Slot Play when you check into the hotel.....use it, it's FREE money.  The Better Half redeemed it but didn't win anything.. . Overall, we had a great time at the Hard Rock.  A nice little staycation in our favorite city!. . Return Factor - 100%
I really enjoyed my stay at HRH! I felt like a rock star and I was very mesmerized by all the memorabilia and photographs around the hotel. I am a big fan of music ... so it was awesome to see some cool photographs of Dan Auerbach which was my reason for visiting Vegas ... to see the Black Keys in concert. . . For a Sunday night we only paid $60 for the room in the Paradise Tower. However they do charge a resort fee of $17 for the gym (which I did not use) and the pool (which is amazing but closed for the season). Lame fee. . . The room was perfect...simple with some artwork of Hendrix and the Cure! Perfect...I love them both! The best thing about the room, was definitely the BEDS!!! It was seriously the most comfortable bed I ever slept in...I loved loved loved them! You sort of sink right into the mattress for a perfect sleep! However, not so bouncy for bedjumps, whichdidn't stop me from jumping: . http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=3SF2DQ7yC75NLrPR2-9dmQ. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=PSGITC6w468vKEKxvw9wUQ. . It's a bit off the strip...but right across from Haufbrauhaus! I would definitely stay here again just because I dig the BEDS!
Hands down my favorite place to stay in Vegas! I've stayed here with just my hubby, with a big group of friends, and with all girlfriends and no matter what I have a great time.. . The rooms are super clean (I've never had a problem), the pillows and beds are SOOOO comfy and soft and they just expanded so the casino is even bigger and has more variety now too.. . One thing I will say is that don't open the wrong shampoo bottle! I wasn't feeling too well the next morning one time and went to shower and opened a slightly larger shampoo bottle. They charged me $50 for it! Yuck! But I guess its my fault since I didn't see the paper on it marked "You will be charged $50 if you use this shampoo".. . I could be a little biased seeing as though I know 2 VIP hosts there and they ALWAYS hook me up when I stay here. No long lines at Rehab, table hopping at the clubs and no cover, free steak dinners at Rare 120, I could go on and on. . . They have been having some great room deals too lately. Whenever I visit Vegas I always try to stay here - highly recommend!
Except the fact it is off the strip, their rooms are BADASS, especially in the new tower. My group once had a room here overlooking Rehab, and it was awesome. We would pregame and go down to Rehab, and then bring girls up to party up in our room to drink (save money not spending on drinks) and go back down to Rehab.  . . Another time, we had a suite with surround sound speakers with it's own DJ playlist and ipod dock. The suite also had a shower room the size of a big walk-in closet! Shower Party! . . Also I think along with Encore/Wynn, they had the most comfortable beds out of allthe beds in Vegas. It was literally like sleeping on a cloud.
Love this place. I always have great happy memories here (and I am slightly biased because I usually win here). Though I will disclose, I haven't ever stayed in the hotel. ~ Blackjack dealer Harry Stauffer is such a good time. I highly recommend you sit on his table for solid entertainment. Thanks Harry.
We stayed in the HRH tower and the suite was unbelievably nice.  Two flat screens, one in the bedroom and one in the living room that are seperated by two sliding doors.  If you have an iphone or ipod there's a dock in the wall with a touchscreen so you can play your music or the hotel's music through a speaker under the flat screen in the living room.  Huge bathroom and plenty of closet space.  I know people don't usually spend too much time in their hotel rooms in Vegas but this room makes you want to just stay and relax until it's time to go out.  Also really comfortable beds when you're in recovery mode all day.
HRH is not as large as some of the other hotels on the strip... but this is something you will greatly appreciate when you have to walk through the casino floor in heels after clubbing! I didn't get a chance to dine at any of the restaurants in this hotel but I did pick up a bottle of water and a bag of chips from the mini mart by my room elevator [: Although it set me back $5 it was well worth it since I had the drunchies (drunk + munchies).. Our room was gorgeous even though we had a view of part of the roof.. Our room had a full-sized bathroom with a huge shower/tub, plenty of mirrors and lighting, carpet/tile throughout, 2 extra comfy beds (for those rare occasions that you do sleep in vegas), and a nice big flat screen TV for all your MTV needs! The main reason my friends and I stayed at this hotel were so that we could get into Rehab Sundays at the HRH Pool.. As a guest your admission is included as part of your stay at their hotel and all you gotta do is wakeup early to line up before they hit capacity! I would definitely stay at this hotel again and love the availability of resources they have for their guests.. They have many restaurants, bars, clubs, quick-service food spots (like starbucks!), and shops.. If you're looking for a nice place to stay right off the strip then choose The Hard Rock!
It's not hard for me to like Vegas hotels and this one is Excellent!!!! Their rooms and amenities are EXCELLENT! The hotel is beautiful! The beds and bathrooms and flat screens are excellent! . . Sure, I got in on an excellent deal via their special on twitter ($40 per night), and I wouldn't choose them if I had to pay retail....but the fact that they had this awesome deal is thumbs up.. . Vegas is awesome for people that like alcohol, slots, gambling, and sexy time! Gotta thank my gf for the last one ;)
i love this place because of the poolside concerts. i have seen wolfmother and slightly stoopid. poolside trumps any other type of concert venue!. . it doesn't hurt that during the day, the pool is filled with beautiful young ladies.. . someone grabbed my sandals by mistake while i was in the pool, i informed the security, and they replaced my sandals with some from the store..no charge! they have my loyalty forever!
I heart the Hard Rock. Have a great time everytime I stay there. Get a players card if you gamble. They really take care of everyone. All the dealers, service and staff are awesome. It's like a constant party. Pink Taco and the diner place have really good food.
My FIRST time in Vegas about 2 months ago (yes...I know..) , and Hardrock just made it all the better. Would I come back to Vegas? No. . . But dayaaamn I had THE BEST TIME playing Blackjack with the Dealers. I never gambled -- but my gf told me to just for fun and holy shit was I on a roll. Within a hour, all the players gathered up at the table to see what all the fun was about. The dealers were gorgeous and funny. The one I liked had kids but it didn't matter. I asked one of them out, and she said yes. I realized i am fucking awesome in vegas. . . and I'll leave my experience at that
Luvs!. . What started out as a simple luncheon with my friend turned us planning a vegas trip with in 24 hrs.  So sure enough i requested the next two days off and off to vegas we went at like 7pm.. . We arrived at Hard rock Hotel and had the HRH Suite booked for one night and a regular room the next day.  My friend was able to talk to the lovely employee and we got it for two nights for the same price. Yay!. . Walking in i was like wow.  We had an awesome view of the strip. The Suite was killer.  The bed was comfy and the tub was a good size.  Ive had bigger but hey it did the job.  The one thing that was like ugh was the room with the toilet.  You walk in and its dim as all hell.  Can't see anything.  Think i went pee pee on the floor a few times i dunno i wouldnt doubt it could not see the toilet..  Other then that had an awesome time at the HRH Suite and cant wait to be back.
We stayed here for a week and loved it! This place is more for a party crowd and not an old fogey or family crowd. You will hear noise and in a way the music from the pool area became an informal alarm clock. Music usually starts around 10 and gets cranked up around 11. Our room has a view to the pool area where we can people watch from the 6th floor. . . We loved the room. It was stylish and the beds were comfy too. Staff was always cool to us and never had a problem. We enjoyed their slots too and I won bucks from the quarter slots. I prefer to play the cheap ones as I don't feel guilty losing money I can't afford to lose.. . Prices vary depending on day and time of year. We would have stayed longer but the EDC party jacked up the hotels all over Vegas and Henderson. Our room we paid 99-199 a night went to $499 Saturday night due to EDC. Nonetheless we would recommend this place to stay.. . A couple of pointers in this area... one is if you need home comforts, booze or otherwise, head over to the CVS which is practically across the street to sort that out for you. Do note that the booze doesn't go on sale there like other CVS locations yet is way cheaper than the hotel rate for booze.. . Lastly it's always good to sign up for their Rockstar (slot) card as they offer specials and discounts exclusive to members.
OMG. These beds were so comfy! I loved the decorating in the rooms, it was simple but still sleek. However, I kind of noticed little things in the bathroom... like the hole around my shower head, the crack in the tub and the feel of the towels. A little rough there! Lol I liked that the infamous Rehab pool was there and that it wrapped around the bar, a back stroke all the way around  was fun 8) . . But as a DJ, I must give my two cents... . The booth was waaaay to high for us to see who was mixing! I bet if it were lowered there would be better crowd interaction. Just saying.
I'll reiterate--this is where one goes to feel like a rock star. The rooms are awesome, the decor and memorabilia off the hook and the music always good!
Just having spent my first weekend in Vegas I was so happy that we were able to be at the is awesome hotel. Far and away the best part of this hotel it the pool!! With tons of different pools connected, cabanas that are private and semiprivate, and swim up bars and poker tables....it's pretty much a party goers heaven. Drinks are pretty expensive, but you get your money's worth with the $29 mixed drinks served in a super sized plastic cup. We didn't get a chance to visit the Rehab pool since we left really early on Sunday, but it sounded like a blast!! . . The hotel is a bit off the strip, but only about a $10 cab ride away and if you were not wearing heals it would be easy to walk it. The rooms were really nice and spacious. The only downside was with the staff and we didn't care much about it since we were all there to just have a good time. They were very short and stern with there answers to our questions and didn't seem to care much that we spent money to come and stay....we were just another room to them.. . Really neat decorations that made me feel like I wanted to Rock out! Thanks for hosting Ellis Mania because it was overall a great success!!. I'm sure if I get to make it back to Vegas, the HR will be one of our first choice to stay.
Stayed here for the first time, as we wanted to stay at a hotel which we had never been too before (I most often stay at the MGM). Also, I didn't read any other reviews, as I just want to write my own and not bepersuaded one way or the other. All I ever heard in the past about the "Hard Rock" was it was mainly for a younger crowd, not that I am old, but I am not in my 20's, honestly that's what I was accepting to see throughout the casino and hotel: some groups of college guys, walking slightly tilted to one side with a beer in their hand, hoping to make it to their room. The parking attendances were all so very friendly, and accommodating! We walked in and the first thing I noticed was how clean the place was. Spotless and it smells clean as well, not some oversized smoked out dingy and out dated casino that you immediately wanted to take a can of Lysol to. Checking in, the front desk gal was also equality as friendly and helpful! And off we went to our rooms. Now, this was the "test" for me...... opening the door to our room, the first thing that popped into my head, was how fresh the room smelled, I couldn't detect smoke at all,  I am not even sure if this was a smoking room or non-smoking room, do they even have non-smoking rooms in LV? In addiction, the halls on getting to our room didn't smell as well (side note) love the decor of the hall ways! That was a plus in my book! The room it's self was..... . 1.    Decorated so hip, in patterns of black and gray, which I loved!. 2.    The king size bed, was done in white, with crisp sheets, the thread count must have been up there, as it felt like sleeping in butter!. 3.    The pillows were perfect!. 4.    The shower pressure was great, no complaints!. 5.    Room service was on time, and friendly!. 6.    The rate is fair, and not overly priced...... 7.    The room all in all, (1 to 10) I would give it a fat '8' and a half. . . The casino I found to be very intimate! Not overly crowded. Which I loved! . . I am now a fan of the Hard Rock! I will be returning,  I also highly recommend the place! It was just cool, and comfortable!
I love this hotel! The room was about 720 sq feet (size of a small apartment). We stayed in the new HRH ALL TOWER SUITE. Very contemporary and new. FYI, don't expect a great city view. I loved the interior. This hotel is off the strip, BUT I prefer it over all the other hotels... Less smokey. Less crowded so more spots for blackjack! LOL  And you can hear the music... Other hotels off the strip... We spent most of the time looking for a table and I hate smokers. The hotel has a VERY nice club, good music and you can actually walk around. It was free to get in as well. It doesn't matter where you go, but if you rather wait in line and pay alot of money then go somewhere else, but HRH is where I rather stay at. It will be the hotel I'm returning to for my next stay!
The hotel is great and the All-Suite Tower is awesome.  You can walk right into the Suite tower from the garage without having to walk through the hotel.  The lobby is very modern with nice displays of rock history.  The staff provided a great service and Sharee provided one of the best reception and check in experience I've had in Las Vegas.  She explained the resort fees (which most had except for a certain chain of hotels), shuttles (9-5 on the hour to Fashion Mall), free wifi in the room, free pass to Vanity (their club) before midnight, etc., quickly and with a smile.  The room itself was great.  A nice walk in area with a mini bar, nice sofa and tv in a large room separated from the equally large bedroom and bathroom.  The bathroom had a nice large tub and large shower.  The bed and comforter were very inviting, it was hard to get out once you got in.  The gym was well equipped and the pools were quite nice and I can only imagine how much fun it would be with all the people.  Overall the hotel was quite impressive and a great experience overall.  Although it was off the strip, it was nice to be off the stip.
What better way to spend New Year's then at one of the best party hotels off the strip (yeah I said it, off the strip!). The boyfriend found an amazing deal online and booked our room right away. . We arrived around 4:00pm on New Years Eve. Self-parking is pretty easy, and so is lugging your entire luggage (yes, I tend to over pack) and yourself into in the casino (hate wondering around a casino with your luggage looking for the check in desk). . Entering into the hotel/casino, the first thing I noticed outside of the all the awesome rock memorabilia was how clean the air smelled. No stinky smoky cigarette smells just good clean air that was moving around the casino.. . Our check in was a breeze, and we actually were upgraded to a (wait for it, wait for it) a suite in the Paradise Tower!!!!!!!  I was so excited that I was jumping up and down on the inside. So what do you get while staying in the Paradise Tower? Well glad that you asked my swanky friends... You get:. . -Exclusive check in. -Over 460 square feet of naught fun. -VIP lounge and spa. -Daily newspaper at your door. -40" LCD flat screen TV. -IPod clock radio. -A fully stocked mini bar. -Free in room WIFI. -Premium bed with feather pillows . -Luxurious bedding (our comforter was urber fluffy). -A rain shower that could hold at least 10 people. -Prickly Pear & Verbena bath amenities (smelled like some sexy fun). -Mood lighting all around. . I especially loved the "Do not disturb" door sign. Our suite was pretty sound proof which was nice, except we did have a conjoining door to the next room at one point we just got back to our room from a night of drinking, I'm guessing our neighbors must have had gotten back as well. This one girl was so loud and annoying that not even the TV could drown out her voice. To make things even worst we were woken up around 8:30am to our neighbor who was awake along with her friends laughing and yelling like it was the middle of the afternoon.. Ugh, I just wanted to yell shut up, but then again I did not want to leave the comfortable bed. We just laughed it off and went back to sleep.. . I highly recommend staying at this hotel and staying in the Paradise Tower! It is a couple of blocks from the strip but at least you do not have to deal with traffic!
4.5 stars! . . I bought 2 Groupons and was able to use them consecutively for 4 nights. Also, they didn't blackout Christmas so I go to spend the holiday in Sin. Their hotline for making reservations is prompt. Wonderful customer service. When we got to the hotel at 4am they allowed us to check in early and even gave us a free room upgrade. We went from a regular room to a king suite. OMG! THANK YOU! . . The suite is huge! Has a mini bar area full with its own sink, a living room area with l-shape couch, king sized bed, and HUGE HUGE bathroom. There was a 2 person shower and a 2 person bathtub. Wow! The room was equipped with 2 LCD 42" tvs, ipod wall dock which plays music in the whole suite, and an ipod dock clock. . . Usually I have a little trouble sleeping the first night in a hotel because I'm not used to the bed, but the bed here was so fluffy that I fell right to sleep. . . You should get the players card to their casino so you can get deals on the food. You also get a free $15 to play when you first sign up. . . They offer a free shuttle service, but it's only once every hour and it gets full very quickly. It's better to drive or take a cab to the strip.
I was here last year in may .Hell of a Hotel. I got dumb ass wasted and some how appeared in my room safe and sound. I was practically  wasted 24/7 and i this place took all of my non sense. Rehab was great, i also won a  couple hundred bucks. But i do not drink anymore, so i shall not be back. But this is he place  to act like a kid and have fun being an adult. PS  i threw up ll over my room, so please tip the house keeping if you create chaos in the room .
it's always crackin' when i go
We bought the groupon for the two nights in the HRH towers. We stayed during the week and in February, so we didn't have the drunk college kids experience. This place was so beautiful. Our room was amazing, the service was great. We stayed in the HRH towers I have never been in  more beautiful  room. The bed was so comfy you dont want to wake up, the mini bar was fully stocked(we didn't touch the stuff), the bathroom was beautiful, and the shower and bathtub was so giant perfect for couples. It was also nice that we had free Valet. Room service was fast got our stuff in 30 minutes which to me is good. Everything was nice the cons to this place is that I had read that to eat at the hotel there was a 18% gratuity but apparently this gratuity extends to room service, and we bought the groupon and got a 40$ food credit but with taxes and gratuity we only received two Hard rock hotel bottles of water and a cup of cranberry juice, and orange juice for 40$!  Also on top of the groupon that we paid for we had to pay almost 70$ for hotel fees and resort fees. I had read that many complained about the music being horribly loud but we didn't have a problem but maybe we didn't come at the time of the year when the cool folks do.
We came here recently to the Joint to see the Crue, and didn't actually stay here, so this isn't a review of staying here at the hotel.. . HRH is a smaller hotel that's a little ways off of the Strip itself. We fully expected to wait for over an hour after the show to get a cab (with the massive wall of people), but our cabbie on the way in told us to go out thru the side entrance into the garage and there wouldn't be a line. He was totally right! . . The casino floor was amazing and was truly a trip going around viewing all the rock memorabilia and the cars and motorcycles. Not to mention all the side shows walking around the floor. It was truly a great place to go around and people-watch.. . We definitely wouldn't mind coming back to a show here and ever staying here!
I stayed here on New Years and wow what a blast! I've never been to a hotel that was so beautiful inside and out AND where the staff is just so helpful. We were here for 2 nights (because we bought the groupon) and it was worth every penny. If you come again and you want to see one of their shows you need to book WAY in advance. Drake was playing and my friend and I wanted to see him perform, apparently they sold out 4 months ago within 15 minutes of having them on sale. I vote this the best place to stay thus far. It's a little ways out from the strip...but REALLY close to the airport...maybe an $8 cab ride.
My husband and I were here Feb 24-27 and stood in the HRH tower with a pool view room. Two queen beds were very comfy and I saw that they do change the down comforters daily. The pools were closed (until April?) with the exception of the small relax pool which was crowded on Saturday afternoon.  Weather was exceptional for late February, and there were only about 4 kids in the pool. The age group was early 20's to 50, so it was comfortable for us.. . I wanted to mention that Hank in Security did an excellent job that afternoon when I asked him to calm this drunk foul-mouthed fool who was upset that the bar wasn't open. I discreetly asked Hank to hang out a bit because he was on the verge of becoming obnoxious. *thank you Hank*. . We enjoyed the AYCE tapas at Johnny Small's, but the sign is misleading when it advertises that sushi is included. (an old sign, apparently) but we enjoyed the lettuce cups with shrimp, and we ordered two of the tender short ribs. This is a great place overall, an excellent value, and you save $10 with the Rockstar club card you can get just to the right of the Registration desk. . . The breakfast at Lucky's was ovepriced and not all that, so we won't return there. . . This was our first time at the hotel and we will definitely return!
I stayed there with my wife and two kids in 2010. It was super fun. The pool is the best, the room is super modern and comfortable. Everywhere you look reminds you of rock, fun, good times. The staff is super friendly. The only think I can not review is the casino, because I wasn't allowed to go there with the kids.
Who doesn't love vegas?   . . Who didn't want to be a rock star for just a little bit? . . Party like a Rock star at the Hard Rock!!   Here for a bachelor party, we had one of the most amazing suites I've been in.   ( I shant give away the secret location.. so don't ask) . . I won't go into the pool, or views, or anything like that because if you can't imagine a vegas pool (ie Rehab)... you should either book your flight today or join a convent.   . . The VIP staff and hosts were simply amazing.   Mike F.  and Trehy really hooked us up when going to the club.  Six bottles and an entire corner to ourselves later - we had an amazing night.   I truly have to give it to our waitress, Rachel, for what became one of the most memorable nights ever.   I would never go here again if I wasn't able to have her to hang out with.  (She was genuine, funny and beautiful)   . . The actually "casino" is a bit small, but what do I care - I only play craps.   . . Although there was no Buffett at the hotel, they did have an "all you can eat" tapas restaurant which wasn't bad.   . . Pink taco - the mexican place - was really really good!!!   Although the computer went down, the waitress forced us to go to the ATM - PAY THE FEE - so that we had to pay her in cash.....  Which was complete BS. . . But you're in vegas, and several ... (several)....  thousand dollars later - this was by far the best vegas trip I have ever had.   - and i have been there more than a dozen times.
A great hotel to stay at! . . The rooms here have pretty nice decor and the beds are amazing! I loved sleeping on the beds here because they just feel so plush compared to anywhere else i've stayed in Vegas. Great looking bathrooms in all of the rooms too! The hotel staff is very friendly and more than helpful. I had no problem checking into my room quickly and had 0 issues with the staff during my stay. My only complaint was that the wifi was very weak in the room that I was in. . . Plenty of great food available here, I highly recommend Johnny Smalls if you like small plate/tapas restaurants. There's some pretty food to be had there. The gaming areas are good and because this hotel isn't directly on the strip, it's not as crazy as some of the strip hotels can be downstairs. Still, this place gets packed with some pretty good party animals on the weekends and if that's your thing (why else would you be in Vegas anyway?), you'll have a good time here. . . Damn I miss those beds though. It's like sleeping on a cloud!
Seriously awesome. Been coming to vegas for years, sometimes several times a month and have stayed at pretty much every notable place on and off the strip within reason. I can say with certainty that the hard rock, especially the HRH tower is my favorite place to spend my time there. The casino is a manageable size, the hotel isn't gargantuan, and the people are down to earth and generally pretty great. The staff, especially Esteban at the front desk, always on point and friendly/accommodating. Food prices and options are great as well. HRH rooms are great and an ultra good value. Seriously, I've yet to come up with a reason not to like this place since the minute I stepped into it. Home away from home and it looks like it'll stay that way.
this past Friday 04/27/12 a group of 10 of us attended the atmosphere concert at the pool. we got cabana #20 right by the stage and WOW what a great and positive experience it was. . Lisa was our contact person for the bottle service and she always answered my brothers calls and emails which made the whole process run smooth and with as little confusion as possible. Lisa greeted us at the check in and had us escorted to our cabana, she even came b. the night of the concert, Lisa greeted us at check in and had us escorted to out cabana. She also returned throughout the night to assure that we were all set up and happy. . my brother had explained to Lisa that it was our brothers 21st bday and that we wanted a spot close to the stage...we got cabana #20 and WOW it was AMAZING, the best spot in the place, literally on the front left of the stage! our server was Rachel Moore, she was so nice and quick with drink suggestions, great personality and service! . Also, our security guards Michael Dunn and Terrence were INCREDIBLE! people were trying to get on the cabana platform all night and they made us feel like royalty as they made sure that our spot was just that...OURS. they had great personalities, & werent stuck up, mean and rude like the usual security we run into in Vegas. .  words cant explain how impressed we were, it was our first bottle service/ VIP experience that we had to pay for in Vegas and when we do it again it will surely be at the hardrock!
My girl and I came to Hard Rock hotel for the Snoop Dogg concert.  We had such a great time that we both agreed this was our best stay in Las Vegas so far.  The Rehab pool was great, and even though the drinks were overpriced, the pool areas more than made up for it.  The staff was friendly, including security.. . We were able to get our food, entertainment and pool (Rehab) without having to venture out to tourist traps on the strip.  We only went out for dinner to a different hotel once.  Also, escaping Las Vegas was easy as thehotel is a quick ride over to the freeway, unlike a lot of the hotels on the strip.
Ik overdrijf niet als ik zeg dat dit het beste bed OOIT was waar ik in geslapen heb.  Aangezien hier alles in het teken van gokken staat kostte deze hotelkamer ook peanuts.  (70 dollar voor een nacht, Queen size bed, flat screen, wifi, zicht op de pool, enz enz).  Dus moest je ooit een paar dagen in Las Vegas vertoeven, zoals wij hebben gedaan (3 dagen is zeker genoeg :-)), kies dan zeker voor dit Hotel.  Het enige minpunt was de veel te dure Bailey's (8 dollar) bij aankomst...maar de hotelkamer, aangenaam gezelschap, de Bud Light en buitenzwembad (wat de set van "Rehab" - MTV bleek te zijn) maakte ALLES goed!
Stayed at the hard rock for a vacation w/ friends. I so enjoyed this hotel. The pool is a great scene and it had plenty of available chairs during the weekdays. The rooms have such fun decor and the staff (although appears very vegas) was always helpful and polite. We grabbed quick bites quite a few times at the Pink Taco onsite and i really enjoyed the Cal-Mex fare they offered. We also grabbed lunch at the cafeteria a couple of times, but nothing stands out about the food there. Our stay also included passes to Rehab Sunday w/ seems to be a hot ticket in town. The hotel wasa bit distance from the other hotels that seemed to have all the other attractions but we were able to cab it there without any problems. The front desk staff here is just great to us!
Amazing place to stay especially the newest edition to the hotel. Club was rad too. Cheapest drinks in all of Vegas and bottle service too. Lots of fun down here. No dramas, all good times. Highly recommend.
Dear two story, two bedroom, two bathroom Spa Villa at The Hard Rock,. . Even though we barely make it out alive every time we visit Vegas, you were super sexy chic. Your sexy decor, plush beds, lighting, clean lines, jacuzzi on the patio with a large flat screen was hot and begged to be skinny dipped in. Black and white pics of Fallout Boy on the wall? Charming. When I was upstairs, I couldn't hear the shenanigans happening downstairs. Good on you for soundproofing very well. You're so modern and stylish. Definitely a swinging shag pad, baby. Oh, and room service came really fast. Bang on. You delivered.  . . Glad we happened.. . Meow.. . JJ
So I'm writing this review strictly because of the casino hosts. I wrote a review last time about Nicholas Palazallo but this time I wanted to rant and rave about Michael Ferrulli! These guys are just awesome and go above and beyond to make sure their guests are HAPPY. I've stayed at the Hard Rock 3 times this year and I usually like to stay at different hotels but these guys keep me coming back. I used to work in the service industry so I can really appreciate good service when I see it. . . I love the rooms especially the comfy beds! The pools are great and I kind of like being off the strip.  I don't have to deal with the crowds or traffic. I've always enjoyed my stay here and will continue to be a "happy guest" at the Hard Rock:) Thanks Nick and Mike, you guys truly are the best!!
It second trip was freakin amazing. It's now one of our favorite places to go. We refuse to stay anywhere else while in Vegas. Such a good time. Thanks, hard rock! :)
excellent show with black uhuru!!!!
Wir haben das Hotel fur unglaubliche 25 $ pro Nacht gebucht. Die Qualitat, Ausstattung und Sauberkeit der Zimmer ist auf hochstem Niveau. Das Hotel selbst ist riesengro und besteht aus drei verschiedenen Turmen. Alles in allem ein wirklich Spitzenklasse Hotel!
Brilliant trip.  Upgraded our room in the HRH Tower and let us in our room at 1030am.  The staff could not have been more helpful and we so accommodating. Even with some of the rowdy clients and guest, the staff always remained as cool as can be.  We were only there during the week.  I understand the weekends get a bit wild.  Lots of choices for food.  Ate at the pink taco, staff was great food was good.  Every morning we ate at FUEL our favorite.  Great coffee and breakfast sandwiches.  Fresh quick and healthy.  We hung out in the Cabanas for 2 days.  Highly recommend it.  Great way to get out of the sun, get some privacy and watch a little TV.  Hard Rock is off the strip which ends up being in your favor.  We were able to get away from some of the the busier hotels.  . . The rooms in the tower are amazing. Clean, large, and stylish..  We had a light bulb out and they came and repaired it immediately.  Really friendly staff.  I think because they deal with so many tipsy people they are glad to help anyone clear headed and friendly.  . . Not a place for kids.  Lots of gambling, alcohol and crazy behavior but great for adults looking for fun and great service.
My hubby and I went with20 friends to Vegas for our wedding. Our entire party stayed at the HRH. We picked it b/c even the bare basic rooms are super cool and there's tons of good deals out there. We were upgraded to a huge suite that turned into the party room/meeting room for our entire group. We ate at Pink Tacos and Lucky's every single day and night, and never had complaints. I was a little worried we were being too loud, but then I remembered where we were! The Hard Rock is for PARTYING!! During the day, the pool music can be loud, but honestly we loved it haha we opened our doors to hear it!!. . We rented out a cabana for Friday. It was $500 for the day, and split between 15 or so people, that was pretty easy to accomplish. I loved it, but only splurged b/c it was our wedding weekend. It was worth it to have drink/food service and a safe place for our things.. . My only complaint is that our TV was out during our stay, but when I complained, they removed the resort fee for the length of our stay... so I really can't complain!!
Can't say I stayed at the Hard Rock, because I haven't.  This review is only because I was walking through the lobby and out of the corner of my eye I saw DJ Pauly D getting his Headphones and Turntable on the Wall of Fame.  With no security or anything, I was able to walk up to him pretty closely and get some cool pics.  Wife's a huge fan of Jersey Shore and it made her week.
Booked the room through the Hotel Tonight App for a really good price and when we checked into the hotel, we upgraded to the hotel suite.  Thank you Asian guy for the upgrade!  . . The suite was AMAZING!  Huge comfy bed with Green Day pictures in the room, big couch to throw friends on, and a jaw dropping bathroom.  Loved my stay at this place.  As Susy C mentioned in her review, there is a lack of full length mirrors for the ladies but its not too bad using the closet mirror.. . The location of the hotel isnt too far from the strip and there are some decent restaurants in the hotel and across the way.  The casino is pretty clean and overly smokey.  Will definitely stay here again.
If you get the room at the right price, then the place is hard to beat. Great pool.... cool people staying there. Good restaurants...Nobu and Pink Taco.. The Spa is just like the ones in Budapest.... really nice, worth the extra $20.
I loved the staff and customer service provided. I booked through Bookit.com and was offered a deal for rehab wristbands. The front desk clerk simply showed her manager, and it was no hassle. I really needed an early check in, and after speaking with 1 or 2 front desk agents at different times, I got just that! Please keep in mind..this was Labor day weekend.. . I was even upgraded to the HRH tower at no extra charge! I loved the bed and room. I must say that I was a little leery because of the distance from the strip, but the customer service over exceeded my expectations.
All Killers fans have to come here to view the "Bones" display with skeletons wearing theband's outfits from their Tim Burton-directed video- it should be located in the casino entrance, but it has moved a few times. Also, in the entrance to the Hard Rock Cafe, there is the Sam's Town tour sign that was displayed on stage in every single Killers concert all over the world for almost two years. Finally, the Hard Rock Arena is where Brandon Flowers famously saw Oasis perform and was inspired to start a guitar band. More info: http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
Hard Rock is my favorite hotel to stay at in Vegas. I love the rock and roll atmosphere, and the gambling is prime. Vanity is always a good time, as is the pool (Rehab or no Rehab). I only stay at the Hard Rock when I visit Vegas due to the comfort and familiarity I feel with the hotel.  My boyfriend and I are headed to HR at the end of this month and I am excited to try Culinary Dropout - I've heard great things!
Dancing girls on pole, hot people, an way cool:)
For the special prices that are readily distributed by HR or other various deals sites, you can't beat the value of staying here!. . I've always had a great room, great food and drinks, great people watching, great music, and an overall good time here.  This is easily one of my favorite staycation spots!
All that needs to be said here is the beds in the HRH Towers are the MOST comfortable beds I have ever slept in.... Seriously was like sleeping on a cloud!!! I never wanted to leave... This will always be my go to hotel from now on when going to Vegas!!! Staff here was also really great and friendly. . Our room was HUGE and very well decorated. Very modern and comfortable. We had a huge living area with two big comfy couches and a huge flat screen tv. It has a nice little kitchen with a bar, a nice desk, king size heavenly bed with an additional big flat screen tv. The bathroom was amazing. It had two sinks, a huge tub big enough for two (loved it), a huge walk in closet big enough for an orgy if that's your thing haha, but no it was big with a seat in there, umm heaven? It also had surround sound in the room, where you could hook up your ipod or play their playlists, I loved this!!!! . . We spent a lot on their casino slots, but we always forgot to use the players card!! Ugh... we didn't win anything though so I wouldn't gamble here again.. just sleep here =]
Great staff,nice rooms,awesome memorablia and decent prices. Only bad thing I can say is its not on the strip but only a mile away and consider it best hotel in Las Vegas!
I think that The Joint inside the Hard Rock is one of the best venue's to see a concert in. Much more of an intimate setting which I love because the crowd seems to have so much more energy than a big stadium. Love, love,love. I just wanna dance, man.
Great casino and hotel!  Lots of food to eat, lots of games to play and lots of music to hear.  I love the decor....pictures of bands that played there along with memorabilia such as guitars, jackets, etc etc.  This is a happening hotel in the summer where everyone attends the pool parties. Love this place.
Nice rooms
YOU CAN GO HARD OR YOU CAN GO HOME!!!. . My friends often ask me: "How do you do it?". This generally takes me by surprise and I reply: "Do what???". Their responses go something like this:. A. "How do you go to Vegas 6-8 times a year and you're still alive?". B. "How did you party with all of us until 4am and now it's 9am and you're driving to wine country for the day? WTF?!?!". C. "I want tacos/In-n-Out/Jack in the Box... How are you still drinking?". D. "How do you do YOU??? I want your stamina!". . I really only have an answer to A: The HRH Tower Suites! The newest addition tower in the building that houses suites exclusively. They range from small, standard hotel-style bedroom suites with a regular shower & sink bathroom to bigger suites that have a large living room/bedroom divided by a dual-sided flat screen TV enclosure and a bathroom with a giant walk-in shower (wall shower heads and over-head waterfall shower head options) and an enormous bath tub that can fit two very tall human beings easily. The top floor also holds the "baller suites" that have their own outdoor roof top pools and God knows what else. One day, Anna, one day... . . The HRH suites make me survive Vegas. I can regain energy in the amazing shower, in the large, insanely comfortable King-sized bed, on the big couch, or via a soak in the tub. The suite decor is sleek, sexy, and modern. Large frames housing concert posters or legendary portrait shots of famous singers add the traditional Hard Rock touch. . . If you are rated at the Hard Rock (i.e. gamble a lot and spend tons of money in the establishment's restaurants), you get free rides to anywhere on the strip or to the airport in their exclusive black SUV limos. The drivers are all super nice, as is the rest of the staff at the Hard Rock Hotel.. . The Nirvana and Rehab pool areas offer the best of both worlds - chillaxing or going wild. Night club Vanity and concert venue The Joint assure that there's not a boring night in the Hard Rock Hotel. Restaurants like Mr. Lucky's 24-7, 35 Steaks & Martinis, Nobu, and Pink Taco assure that you can fuel up at any time. . . Recently the Sports Book was renovated and is now a lot bigger than it used to be. The Poker Room here still kind of lacks compared to other casino hotels as it gets little traction and not too many tournaments are scheduled. . . The HRH Tower Suites are the reason why I can go hard for a while and then I can go home. I'll be back soon!
We stayed in the Paradise Tower Dec 10-15th and had a fantastic HR experience. Room was clean, and beds were extremely comfortable. Television is of the  47" LCD flat screen variety w/ one HBO channel and 3 ESPN choices. Request a pool view on floors 10 and above. We had room 31106 (3rd Tower/ 11th floor/ rm 6) and it was steps from elevator and ice machine. Awesome room! As for the hotel restaurants, we ate at Culinary Dropout 2x and food was excellent. Brother Tom loved his fried chicken and I my Italian sandwich. Beer selection was more than adequate and they have a raw seafood bar- think oysters and shrimp. Definitely worth the trip off the strip. Lucky's Cafe served up their 'Gambler's Special' but steak seemed smaller....I might just be getting bigger  though : (  Had a wonderful stay, thank you HR!
I haven't stayed here, but I can tell you I have been to this casino every single time I've been to Vegas. Out of all this casinos, this is the party casino. There is an amazing atmosphere when you're gambling as well as the club scene. There is also a Fat Tuesdays in the building to get your slushy addiction fixed. Enjoy!
Stayed here for a few nights while in Vegas for my first time, the beds were very comfortable and nice the view of the pool was great and the room was clean. I am definitely wanting to come back here again
When was the last time you heard rock-n-roll blasting through your speakers? I know  right? Its been awhile.  Look no further, the Hard Rock will fill that void! Came down to Vegas for my annual CES trip and had a Hang Over style time as always.  ;-). . You will never ever hear hip-hop or edc here.  The suite I got hooked up with was sweet! I walked up to Registration to check-in and the gal that helped me was top notch.  Knew my name before I even said anything.  Probably because I was wearing my CES badge, but hey, that's why they are getting a 5-star from me.. . Everything was a pretty smooth sailing.  The suite we had was pretty stellar for this Vegas caliber hotel.  The only things that was lacking were a fridge and a coffee maker.  While those things were pretty trivial, they would have came in handy.  The suite was decked out in modern rock-n-roll fashion-edgy tiling and art throughout the spacious bathroom and living room.  This room was equipped with LCD TVs, drawers, and plenty of closet space.  The bathroom was super spacious like a fancy master bath.  Walk-in shower stall with rainfall shower head and hand shower head.  Toilet had its own door.  Dual sinks.  . . Separating the bedroom and the bathroom was a glass wall with curtains, luckily, since I was sharing with another friend.  Pretty cool for the most part.  Beds were super comfortable.  Housekeeping was very friendly and courteous.  . . For my entire 3 night stay, I truly felt like a ROCK STAR.  Since I did not get to gamble here, I can only speak for my sleeping experience.  The distance to the strip was a short distance, so its not bad if you want to take a quick ride via Taxi.  If I ever get a deal here again through Kayak and such, I definitely would not hesitate to book another stay.
I must say, have not stayed here before, but we have been coming to Vegas for years now.  I will do everything I can to stay here from now on! This is one of the best hotels I have stayed at in Vegas. The rooms were great! Beds are amazing, and casino was always hopping. Oh, and dont forget about the food there! Pink Taco and Nobu were the ones I tried. You really dont ever need to leave the hotel.... Highly recommend.
i could go on and on about this hotel, but instead i'll just focus on my favorite part... the beds.. . HRH has by far the most comfortable beds of anywhere i have ever stayed or laid (get your heads out of the gutter!) in those rare moments where you actually sleep in vegas, or should i say nap? there is no better place to lay your exhausted, drunk, dehydrated body than on the cloud-like, marshmallow beds at the hard rock.. . oh yeah, and the penthouse and provocateur suites aren't bad either ;)
I love the rooms and the prices whenever I stay in Vegas I try to book here. What more do you want to hear? It is a nice Vegas hotel a bit off the strip so bring some cab money.
Huge fan.  This will be our new go-to hotel in Vegas.  It's off the strip, which is appealing to me, I've done the strip, it's for amateurs.  The service is friendly, the vibe is hip, and the rooms are really nice.  The bed was like sleeping on a cloud, just the right mattress, and luxurious bedding (and I'm a linen-snob).  We got a beautiful view with a corner room on the 16th floor.  . . The pool area is top-notch, beachy, great drinks, lovely views.
Was fur ein geiles Hotel - sorry fur die Wortwahl aber anders kann ichs nicht sagen. Man fuhlt sich wirklich wie ein Rockstar, die Zimmer sind der Hammer fur einen Spottpreis (ich glaub so ca 30 Euro pro Nase), das Hotel hat ein eigenes Tatowierstudie (!), diverse Restaurants und Shops, ein Cafe und naturlich ein Casino. So macht Las Vegas einfach nur Spa. . . Wer nicht auf Rockmusik steht sollte dennoch woanders hingehen denn die spielts naturlich den ganzen Tag. Auch das Personal ist teiweise nicht ubermaig freundlich, ich hatte aber trotzdem so geniale drei Tage hier dass ich funf Sterne vergebe.
Greta service. Rooms. Staff. And of course the drinking and concert venues.
We stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino Last year in March 2012, and let me say they have the best customer service there..! The rooms were on point very clean, and very spacious. If your not a morning person you may not want to stay there bc they do play loud music early in the morning if your staying by the poolside. I loved the early morning loud music bc it gets me up and going if im on vacation i like to get up and get things done and not so much sleep the whole morning away. LOVED  LOVED THIS PLACE!!
I had a great time in this hotel.  I stayed in the newest towers they built and me and my wife loved the dark concept.  The room had really cool black wall paper and the bathroom and shower was also awesome.  Also theirs alot of cool restaurants there and the pool is really nice.  They are really accommodating here.  Cant wait to come back.
The Hard Rock Hotel is the place I like to sneak away for little stay-cation. They know the best way to treat the locals with discounted room charges, 20% off food, and half price drinks at all the bars!  . . Let me count the reasons the Hard Rock is "As good as it gets"!. .  *Good action on the Poker room.  This is the "go to" spot for drunk tourists who think they know how to play.. . *Lucky's is a good spot that's open 24/7 with awesome Tuna Poki and breakfast.. . *Pink Taco for a superior selection of tequila!  . . *35 Steaks and Martinis-Best Ladies Comp Dinners!  They also do local/industry deals on Monday. . *Circle bar in the main on line casino.  This spot is great for people watching and ease dropping on your buddies on the other side of the bar. I do not know how, but the sound waves mysteriously carry and you can hear conversations of fellow patrons across the room.  . . *Cool newly remodeled sports book and lounge.  . . *Rehab within the summer. Arguably the very best Sunday pool party in Vegas that was made famous by the Reality TV show.  With real sand, a water slide,  pool table and beer pong games, swim up sexy blackjack dealers, lazy river, alcohol, grilled hotdogs/hamburgers, and plenty of daybeds for sun bathing or cabanas for sports and shade from the sun you have it all!. . *Body English Nightclub and  is my go to club on Sunday for the industry party. Open Champagne bar for women till midnight.  This is THE Industry party for afterhours on Friday/Saturday with all the hosts, bartenders, cocktail girls ready to party after a long nights work.  . . *The JOINT is one of my favorite live performance venues in Vegas.   Perfect size and there is not a bad seat in the place.  The suites are great too for large groups or hosting celebs.. . One of my favorite events in Sin City is at the Hard Rock.  It's called  Dorm Days! It's an industry/ locals sleep over that the Hard Rock hosts about twice a year and it's the BEST.  Book early to get a room on the party floors (tenth and eleventh) and stop by the Real World Suite after 2am for the real celebration.  Feel free to bring your favorite local DJ in and arrange turn tables in your room for an all night party. Did I mention the party in the suite is OPEN Bar. . . Hard Rock just ROCKS!! Enough said.
I absolutely love HRH. I stay here every time I go to Vegas, and that is normally about 6 or 7 times a year. The rock theme makes the casino a lot of fun, and the high ceilings help so that you barely notice anyone smokes. . . Here are some of the really great things I like about HRH:. -Rewards Program (I get free rooms all the time). -Their dealers (especially craps dealers). -Reliquary Spa (giant Roman bath!!). -The Paradise tower rooms. -The Joint concert venue. -All of the pools and Sunday REhab pool party. -Free valet for guests. -Really good food (Nobu, Pink Taco, Culinary Dropout, Mr. Lucky, etc). -Vegan eating options (including vegan benedict on room service). -Daily shuttle to the mall
This hotel is our new favorite staycation spot! It's nice because it is off strip but still close enough for quick access (they even have a free shuttle!) with great rates available through hotels.com or hotel tonight, this hotel has easily won our hearts. The rooms are clean and let me tell you the service is excellent. Whether its room service, housekeeping, or casino staff, the team members really go above and beyond to make sure your stay is the best it can be.
This is my favorite hotel casino here in Vegas. I am a rocker, so that is understandable. :) I love music, and there are guitars everywhere on the walls in certain areas. I love that,too as well as the door handles-they are little guitars, cute. :) I have seen a local hard rock tribute there at Vinyl once called Smashing Alice. They are good. Years ago, I also saw another good band at a different place there. I dont know the name,sorry but the band is called Wild Child. They are a southern California based Doors tribute but they haven't played here in awhile. if you love music and rock, I recommend the Hard Rock. :)
My husband and I stayed at the Hard Rock in the paradise tower for our honeymoon. We met an exceptional employee (working security inside at the pool doors, light blue shirts) named Brock. He was thoughtful, kind, remembered our names throughout our stay and was very genuine! Please see that Brock gets a BIG THANK YOU!
Check-in/check-out was a breeze and my room was super clean and the A/C worked!      I could've spent hours (which I did) walking around downstairs with all the rock memorabilia.  Love this place and will stay here again!
I love the Hard Rock. I've stayed here five times since the beginning of 2013. Multiple times last year as well. Rehab is one of my favorite places on Earth, seriously. Haha. I tend to lean more towards attending the clubs in Vegas, but for a couple of drinks, I would recommend the Circle Bar. Love Todd the bartender that often works there.
I stayed at in HRH Towers, which I'm not sure how different they are from the regular rooms, but I absolutely loved this place. I had a corner room on the 10th floor with two full walls of floor to ceiling windows, which let in so much light and provided an awesome view. The room was a lot bigger and nicer than many other Vegas rooms I have seen, and the price wasn't bad at all for how nice this place was. The HRH Tower is around 3 years old, which would explain why everything is really modern and beautiful in the room. I loved the decor (I'm big on hotel decor), the bathroom although only having glass walls, was large, the bed very comfortable, the couches big enough to seat six people, two flat screen televisions, a wet bar, and two closet areas. It's not far from the strip at all, about an $8 cab ride to one of the hotels. If I have a chance to stay here again when I'm in Vegas I definitely will!
My friend and I stayed here during the majority of our trip.  We booked a king bed, but ended up with 2 full beds with a nice view of the pool.  Thank you staff!. . When I booked the room, it came with coupons.  Such as a free daybed, free drinks at Vinyl, some coupon deal for Mr. Lucky's during a certain time period, etc.. The daybed had a catch to it.  You get a free daybed but you have to spend $100 on food and drinks.  I ended up not going down to the pool because I was enjoying the bed and A/C so much!  I didn't realize Rehab was at this hotel until I saw posters.  I did enjoy the music that was played nonstop throughout the day.. . The room was really nice, and the beds were fancy looking.  But the walls are kind of thin.  We could always hear our neighbors walking into their room and they were sometime singing/karaoke'ing too.  One night we had a neighbor smoking weed in his/her room, and the smell was seeping through the crack of the door into our room;  I guess that would be a good thing for some people who like to second-hand smoke it for free!. . Every time my friend and I went out at night and came back to the hotel, she ordered room service.  Such a waste of money.She ordered a full pizza and chicken wings.  The order came out to around 40 something dollars.  They make you pay a $3 service/delivery fee and 18% gratuity etc.  And if you touch any of the drinks/food in the room/fridge on the sensors, you will be charged a lot.. . The women who clean the rooms were very nice and friendly.  Every time we asked for more towels, tp, toiletries, we were given ample.  And if you book a room here, you get free wi-fi with good connection.. . So our trip was supposed to go from Tuesday til Friday, and so we extended our checkout to buy us time.  In the end, we just booked another night because we got so hammered the night prior.  We slept all day and night.  The beds were so soft and comfortable.
This was my first time staying at the Hard Rock. We were upgraded to a suite when we got there for an extra $30 a night. It was well worth it! We had a view of the pool and the strip. We spent a day at the pool, the service was awesome, we never ha to wait for a drink. The water was perfect, we were there on a Monday, so it wasn't crowded at all. They have adult only pools, which were a perfect place to relax. We spent our time in the sandy pool side! . We had dinner at the Culinary Dropout, it was amazing food at reasonable prices! This will forever be my Vegas hotel!
This is a very nice casino to spend your Vegas trip. . . During the week the rooms are super cheap. Mine was $37 a night plus the "resort fee" which adds another twenty bucks. The rooms are nice and each one has a different theme. Mine was for the movie The Fugitive. My friends theme was the mafia and they had a bunch of gangster shit on the walls and in the table. The beds are comfortable. The bathroom is nice and it has a jacuzzi. Room service is incredibly fast. I have never ordered room service in Vegas and gotten it in less than an hour (an hour is actually pretty good). The meal I ordered at HR got to my room in 20 minutes.. . The pool, Rehab, is set up to look like a beach with sand and free lounge chairs. Other casinos (Planet Hollywood) make you rent a daybed or cabana. Hard Rock does it for free. The pool also has a lazy river, a water slide and swim up blackjack. The cocktail waitresses are all really hot and they come by as frequently as you need them.. . The casino has all the same stuff you will find everywhere else - blackjack, craps, roulette, slots, baccarat, war, all of those Asian games like Pai Gow and three card poker. The minimum bets here are lower than the casinos on the strip.. . Be sure to check out Pink Taco. The food is outstanding. They also have a tattoo shop, so don't get too drunk or not everything that happens in Vegas will stay in Vegas.
We are frequent visitors to Las Vega and my wife is a little bit picky.  I have to be honest with you -- the Hard Rock Hotel is at the top of our list. After checking other Yelp reviews, I was a little bit worried.  Turns out, the room was great, the casino fantastic, the restaurant, the pools, the fitness center -- everything was fantastic! They even gave us a free upgrade to the HGH Tower without us asking. Room service (which I never usually order) said it was going to take one hour for delivery.  Twenty minutes later I was eating.  We had a little problem with the video we rented not being able to retrieve it, but they were very nice about it & took it off the bill right away.  The location was more convenient than I expected. Cab rides to the strip were $5 - $7.  We're definitely coming back!
Stayed here several times and highly recommend it if you are visiting with friends.  Not good for family with kids well kinda.  For the summer pool parties it is fun fun fun.
I am a fan of Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. Not only is it off strip with two parking structures located on each end, it is one of the places I spot celebrities (in their natural habitat) hanging out with their friends. My last trip yielded the likes of Ron Jeremy, DJ Ashba (of Guns and Roses), and Courtney Love headed to Vinyl where she was performing (which was the whole reason for my visit).. . Like all Hard Rock cafes, the place is littered with memorabilia and because there is so much more space than the traditional cafe set up there are proper displays. I've seen the iconic Britney Spears "Baby One More Time" outfit, Madonna's cone bra, so much Beatles merchandise my head will spin in a Exorcist fashion. . . The rooms in the place are nice and offer some great views of the strip (be sure to ask for a room that faces West (this will also make you hate the sun a whole lot less. If that isn't available ask for a room over looking the pool. The rooms are lush and have large bathrooms and beds that feel like you're sleeping on a cloud. All guest have access to the hotel gym which is HUGE. As a local, it rivals a lot of the nicer gyms in town.. . The restaurants in this place are amazing. Mr. Lucky's is open 24/7 and has a secret menu, Culinary Dropout, and Pink Taco also serve mighty awesome offerings and are not overly priced. There is also a really nice steak house, too. . . The Hard Rock is awesome with nightlife as well. Body English nightclub and afterhours is amazing! Plays a lot of house music, has a hip hop room. Vanity is well, vanity. I am not sure if it is actually open anymore or not. It is a nice, small, intimate venue. The pool on Sundays turns into Rehab, the party that single-handedly created Daylife in Vegas (daytime adult (21+) pool parties). The is a bar located in the middle of the main casino called Circle Bar. For Vegas, the drinks are reasonably prices and the ogling of celebrities can easily be done.. . Hard Rock, rocks hard.
WE LOVED THIS HOTEL. My new husband and I stayed in their tower suites for our honeymoon and we loved it from start to finish. The gentleman who checked us in to our hotel at the Tower Check-in desk was super professional (without being TOO robotic) and friendly and made check in really easy. . . The Queen SUITES. HUGE for just a standard suite. Two Flat screen TV's, a HUGE bathtub (which hell yes I did), Down comforters on both beds -- REALLY COMFORTABLE. The Elevators from the Parking Garage are right near the Tower check in. . . The only little tiny gripe I had was the music playing system in our room. Not even a big deal -- it still played music and had an iPOD dock and we really didn't use it much so big whoop. . . We decided this was going to be our go-to place for our Vegas trips from now on! . . We booked our three night stay for $275 through BOOKIT.COM (HIGHLY RECOMMEND GETTING ON THIS SITE AND BOOKING DURING THEIR SALES) . . We ordered room service and the gentleman bringing up the food was awesome and super friendly. Totally worth it. . . The casino floor is nice and clean and smoke-free. Music blasting because, hello, you're at the Hard Rock, and they had a real nice display of memorabilia. . . I RARELY give out Five star reviews for anything. This place in my opinion definitely deserved it. Cool, relaxing Vegas experience.
Stayed here two nights. LOVED it. The hotel was definitely more hotel than casino which I really liked. The rooms were beautiful and all the staff at the hotel and restaurants were great. The bed and pillows were soooo comfortable. The music they play throughout the hotel is great and there weren't all the loud slot machine sounds as you walked through the hotel either. I will definitely stay here again as my wife and I had a great time!!!
This review is for a venue in the Hard Rock,. Jacque Lu Cont. did a 45 minute set opening for PSB! His set was amazing! Then the show I came to see The Pet Shop Boys did a show for almost two hours long!!!!. What an amazing show! They did there old stuff from the 80-90 and tons of remixes,what an amazing show!. WOW! To say the least!. My mind was blown.
Got to love the changes at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. The Hard Rock has gone all out to create great value and incentives for slot and video poker players. Unlike most casinos The Hard Rock offers an incentive every single day of the week.. . The October schedule offer MO/TU/WE: Play and Eat bonus 300/600 points TH: Free logo bag 1000 points FR: Earn points and win cash 6p + 7.30p SA: 7X/15X multiplier SU: Play and earn bonus cash 250 point = $5. Their new deal for senior players "Classic Rockers" starts at 45+ and offers 4 senior days weekly Mo-Th with 7X/15X multipliers plus play and earn Coke bonus starting at just 50 points. All this is in addition to the monthly bonus flier with free Play and food comps.. . The beverage service is above standard and you can order high quality liquor unlike many other casinos that will sub your drink for a cheaper brand. The place is always nice and clean. Parking is easy and close to casino. Valet parking is less than 50 yard from the casino floor. Players club employees are super friendly and they rarely have any long lines. For the Play and Eat bonus and food comps I like to go to Pink Taco, 35 Steak, Mr. Lucky's and Fu the new Chinese restaurant. This place is definitely my number #1 spot to go gamble. Good luck to all.
I loved the Hard Rock hotel. It's a little bit of a walk to the strip but we drove to the casinos so that wasn't a problem. . . The rooms were clean and comfortable and the staff was very friendly. The check-in process took 10 minutes at most and they not try to oversell us. I actually booked a king size non smoking room initially and was able to change it at the counter. . . Checkout is conveniently done by phone, tv, or sign-out sheet. . . The casino is your typical Vegas casino with great ambiance. For $40/ night; it doesn't get better than this.
Here's the deal. As long as I have a choice, I will never stay anywhere else in Las Vegas. I booked a weekend there for my sister's bachelorette party and we had the best time there. We stayed in the suites which were moderately priced, (since it's off the strip), but chic since they have been recently been remodeled. The rooms have two beds and a nice lounge area. The two rooms we reserved were plenty spacious enough for a party of 10 petite girls.  . . "Body English" was so great! Our group never opened our wallets while at the club! We were comped the whole time with bottle service! The DJ played all the right music and we danced, danced, and danced!. . On the plus side, one of us in our party became so inebriated that she lost her wallet. Guess what? After filing a security report with the hotel, the hotel found it and returned it! Cash included! . . We had the best time. Thank you Hard Rock for making my sister's bachelorette sensationally fantastic and memorable!
