Subtle, seemingly-simple dishes with pleasantly complex flavors.  This was the best meal I had in Vegas, to be honest.  It should also be noted that I hate olives, but the olive butter (was it butter? does it matter?) was surprisingly good for being made of, presumably, 99% mashed olives.  The portion sizes were good also; frequently in my brief visit to Vegas the dinners were just huge and felt wasteful, but not here.
Second time back was even more impressed! . . I went for the first time in 2008 with the girls as we hit up Vegas. We 'waited' at the bar to see if we could get a table as you couldn't make reservations back then. Definitely not patient enough to get a seat on the patio we were seated 1/2 way through our first round of wines....no complaints here. We each got a few appetizers for the table and the ONLY thing I can remember from that first trip is the beef carpaccio. It literally melted in my mouth! . . So headed back to Vegas for welcome in 2011 with my fiance (a magnificent cook and foodie) and 3 Australian friends. As I have been to Vegas before I wanted them to choose what they wanted to do....I had one request....ONE dinner at Olives. So we saved it for our last night. On a whim (the morning of) I went to our concierge to ask about a reservation and to my surprise she called and got us a 5:30 seating! . . Upon our arrival we were seated immediately. My one concern is they really packed us in there but I wasn't complaining! It was a Saturday night and I was beside myself. Bread basket has some crunchy flat cracker with seeds that went super well with the olive tampenade. I prefered the black over the green. And they should consider not chopping the olives so much...it almost was a puree but still soooo tasty. They also included a cranberry walnut chocolate roll in the bread basket. It was sweet and I was surprised it was in the before dinner basket but really liked the flavor :) I don't think I will ever turn down chocolate, I don't care what course it is on.. . Terry (fiance) ordered the Layer Cake, a Malbec from Argentina. Spectacular choice, we even ordered a second bottle. It is a great red that goes well with everything we ordered....and at a decent price (for restaurant wine pricing that is). I can't wait to find this for a cheaper price at my local liquor store! :). . Of course I ordered the beef carpaccio as it was burned in my memory forever. I was not let down....it was as good, if not better, than I remembered!. . Kate ordered the flatbread specialty, a wild mushroom flatbread. Very rich and filling. . . Bevo ordered the tuna tartare, I was especially surprised and pleased with this pick! I love tuna but this seemed just so delicate and fresh..  . Patty ordered the squid and octopus which was served with some garbanzo beans and a smokey broth....I was really surprised of this flavoring but really enjoyed it as it was a way I have never had it seasoned and flavored before.  . . For dessert Terry and I split the Butterscocth brulee. Magnificent! (and butterscotch is not my first preference when it comes to dessert flavors) This dinner just wouldn't have been complete without it. I also tasted Patty's espresso martini that was perfectly balanced of espresso and liquor!. . So although we didn't do entrees we were all stuffed and each got out with about $50/person including wine and with being able to taste so much!. . If I EVER make it back to Vegas my one requirement will be to make it to the patio to watch the fountains from Olives, my favorite place in Vegas!. . Synopsis:. 1. Get a reservation if possible (on the patio if nice weather) or be prepared to wait for a table....it is worth it!. 2. Order the beef carpaccio, you will not regret it. 3. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!
New Years Day lunch on the terrace overlooking Lake Bellagio and its spectacular fountains is hard to improve upon....unless you happen to be dining at Olives!. . We had lunch New Years Day and it was one of the best quality, well prepared, well served meals I have ever had in Vegas.  And, frankly, without all the Vegas glitz.  . . I highly recommend their bellini.  It is as good as it gets outside Harry's Bar in Venice, Italy.  Ask the server about their specials.  I had a crab crusted Chilean Sea Bass special that was the best sea bass I've ever eaten.. . There is something for everyone.  Fish lover, carnivore or vegetarian.  Everything we tried was perfectly prepared.  The ambiance inside and outside is elegant without all the Vegas fan fare and the service is comparable to a New York City 4 star restaurant.. . Bravo! Will definitely be returning.....and definitely partaking in the Chocolate Fallen Cake for dessert again.  Wow!
The BEST * Carpaccio* plate EVER-ever-ever!!! hands-down!! .... . ( I looooooove carpaccio ). . ...and its a ginormous heaping plate of Carpaccio you could ever want and then some. Cause you have all this carpaccio slices covering an entire plate not to mention its also burying a pile of salad, and then  underneath the salad is a piece of bread that is soaked in some marinade, just in case the carpaccio and salad wasn't enough to fill you up.. The veal pasta is amazing too. The meat and the sauce is slow cooked into a reduction and then served on a linguini type of pasta. I've ordered this way to many times and its not on the menu. . . The menu changes upon seasons but if there is a plate or plates that you just specifically love and you have trouble finding it on the menu, you can actually make a request to the chef  and he will make it for you. =) .  I loove it!  Big toast to olives and my husband and I's regular waiters.. . p.s. Excellent Service but make reservations. This place is outrageously busy and you must rsvp a day or two and sometimes  a week in advance to reserve a spot.
lunch on 1/11 at the bar was awesome as usual----the beef carpaccio is a meal itself, and is the best best best carpaccio I have ever had...its OUTSTANDING and worth the trip here....
Tuna app was amazing, best raw preparation I've had in a long time. . The flatbreads are great too. . I had the tenderloin and it was tender, juicy, and delicious. . I highly recommend!
Just came back from a few days in Vegas.  I ate Italian three out of four nights.  RAO'S and OLIVES were the best nights, even though each serves entirely different Italian cuisine.  RAO'S is NYC good ol' school, where OLIVES is fusion post-modern 'fancy' Italian.  . . You have to be an amazing chef to reinvent a cuisine.  Lobster Pumpkin Bisque, Crab Beignets, two different salads, the swordfish, Beef Carpaccio, and Butternut Squash Tortelli richer than any cheesecake. . . There wasn't a bad plate on the table, and in fact -- everything was amazing.  I am irked by celebrity chefs but I'm a believer of Todd now. . . This isn't a place to simply feed an appetite.  This is the type of place you'd dream about holding a wedding reception.  Kinda cramped quarters, sure, but the view of the Bellagio fountain creates the 'illusion' of space.. . Once you can forgive the exorbitant bill that unfortunately can/will/must arrive -- what can I say -- this is one of the finest meals I've ever witnessed in or out of Vegas.. . And the Bellagio blended red wine wasn't topped in four nights -- and believe me my dining mates tried.  Worth going back to just for this.. . Five stars.  No hesitation.
My first experience at Todd English's Olives will never be beaten. My boyfriend had surprised me with a Vegas trip for my 23rd birthday (my 24th is coming up in exactly five days :)) and this is where he took me for my birthday dinner. As soon as we walked into the restaraunt I fell in the love. The ambiance and design was breath taking. Dimmed lighting, large windows with a view of the Bellagio water show and also an amazing patio which we did get the pleasure of dinning on last September. There is a very warm and welcoming yet sophisticated feel in Olives.. . We sat at a small romantic size table and had the most soft spoken yet confident waitress who gave us the most perfect service. In her beautiful accent she explained items not on the menu and recommended a cocktail for us. She was never unattentive and never over attentive.. . To start,they bring out an assortment of delicious rolls, breads, etc.. with 3 different types of olive speads. My favorite combo was the sweet roll with the green olive spread. Foodgasm! My boyfriend ordered a Manhattan to drink and let me tell you... that night I turned into a whiskey drinker. You've never truly had a Manhattan until you've had the Olives Manhattan. I ordered something girly and froufy resembling a lemon drop. To eat we ordered a delicious vegetarian style flat bread and a chilled apple soup (its been over a year... it may have been a chilled pear soup!). Being my birthday, they brought out a cute plate reading "Happy Birthday" on it wth four bite size mouth watering treats. We still ordered dessert after! We ordered a white chocolate martini and a chocolate fudge cake. . . Bottom line, EVERYONE needs to experience Olives! I promise you'll have a hard time eating anywhere else in Vegas after.
I love, love, love Olives!  Sitting out on the patio in the sunshine watching the fountains with a vodka infused cocktail is pure bliss.  I had a cocktail a few weeks ago that tasted like blueberry pie.  Delicious!!!. . The olives and spreads that they provide with the bread basket are so good.  I would love to order a second helping of these each time!. . My favorites are the burger, pastas, and fig and prochutto (sp) flatbread.  We have also had two different fish specials that were both creative and fabulously prepared.  . . The service is always helpful and attentive.  I had reservations on my last visit and still had to wait in line at the hostess table to be seated on the patio.  My wait was worth it!!!!
The best! Had an incredible dinner on the patio. Great service and great food. The Fresh baked bread is unreal.
WOW!  Olives at the Bellagio deserves the highest star rating possible!   Aside from the outstanding food and service, the strip view and outdoor seating next to the dancing fountains was unbelievable!   Definitely stands out as one of the best of Vegas experiences.
The beef carpaccio really is all that. Polenta, greens, three sauces...complex yet balanced. Interesting yet approachable. This was recommended by a chef I work with, and he was right on: this dish rocks.. . Also: fabulous service.. . Next time I'm at the Bellagio, this is a no-brainer. Will definitely go back.
My wife and I had our last lunch as an engaged couple here on the afternoon of our wedding. It was incredible. We were seated at a beautiful table on the patio. If you didn't know, the patio is next to the Bellagio fountains so you get to see the show as well. The only warning I have is that if the wind comes up, you will get overspray. It reminded me of going to see Shamu as a kid. The bad part is that our flatbread went limp and my Maker's Mark Manhattan got some water in it. Sacrilige!!!!. . We were treated so nicely here. The food and service were top notch.
This is the yelp review.  I'm going to follow up with a handwritten (not typed, a major concession for this geek) letter thanking them.. . I've eaten at Olives every time I'm in Vegas since I found the place.  Usually lunch, occasionally dinner.  My wife and I enjoy the flatbread pizzas and the tapanade.  She really likes the Pink Limon they no longer have on the menu, but make for her (+1 star). . They also have seating indoors We take the time and sit on the terrace to watch the water ballet.  Very enjoyable to be chatting and nibbling, then pause for a few minutes to watch the fountains.  (+1 star).. . Now to the reason they're getting a handwritten letter.  Last night was a special occasion for us, and the maitre'd, Angel, made a significant effort to ensure everything was incredible.  He seated us on the terrace, but away from the rail.  This allowed us to see the ballet, yet was warmer and out of the wind - it's 65 degrees here in Vegas today, so it CAN get cold at night.  He did this with a few other couples, showing an above average attention to detail (+1 star).. . I snuck out after we ordered dinner (fig and prosciutto flatbread, prime rib special - both awesome +1 star) to talk to him about a special dessert for my wife.  He bounced a few ideas off me, then brought in a backup to save us both.  (+1 star) Llena came up with a wonderful passage to write on the plate, then served us each a glass of champagne.  It took some time to write it all, but when it came it was perfect!  (+2 stars, dammit - won't go that high). . We had gone to Picasso the night before, but enjoyed this far more. We'll be back as soon as we land at McCarran again.
Just wow! This place is upscale and gorgeous. Definitely dress up for this place and don't wear jeans. You'll feel a little out of place in this charming restaurant. All day, but even better in the evening, you can watch the Bellagio fountains dancing away if you're sitting near the windows or out on the terrace. Olives comes with complimentary bread squares with some sort of carmelized onion on top. With it comes two different olive spreads (green&black) as well ad whole olives themselves. Personally I thought the black olive spread was better than the green, the green is too salty for me . . Save a little bread for your entree so you can sponge up the BUTTERNUT SQUASH TORTELLINI! This was so good I was sinning and making noises. The tortelli was sweet, not heavy and just the right amount; the sauce was buttery and salty to compliment the tortelli. It may not look like a lot, but it will stuff you!
#1, it's very rare for me to give a 5-star rating. . #2, ask for Russ as your server, what a gem!. . I was so pleasantly surprised at Olive's. I had heard good things, but being that it is not one of the top billed eateries on the Strip, I didn't have terribly high expectations. Todd English is an amazing chef, so I knew it wouldn't be bad however! . . We had a reservation and were seated right away; which may not sound like anything to remark over, but I've experienced hour-long waits in Las Vegas even when I had made reservations. . . Our waiter, Russ, was such a doll. Knowledgeable, friendly, there when you needed him & gone when you didn't. He didn't mind at all that my colleague and I needed lots of time to decide and had loads of questions. . . We both started with a cocktail, The Slingback. It was delish! Absolut Ruby Red, passion fruit puree and a couple other things I can't remember. But boy did it go down easy.... . For our started we chose the beef carpaccio which I had heard much about. Boy, you Yelpers know your stuff...this was hands down the best carpaccio I've ever had. And I've had hundreds! It was melt-in-your-mouth delicious and I could not get enough. The serving size was massive; more than enough for my colleague and I and probably enough for 4 to split. . . For entrees I had the Lobster Bolognese and Janet had the cast-iron Branzino. Both were just divine. The lobster bolognese was something dreams were made of. Handmade pasta really capped of the flavors, and there was a puree of anise which I normally would have avoided like the plague, but it paired so well with the sauce. I was in heaven and ate way more than my lil tummy could handle! . . We were too full for desert (tragic, I know) but there were multiple selections that sounded amazing. . . The food, service, ambiance, and character of our waiter made for one of the best meals I've had in years. I would go back in a heartbeat and I really hope I get to!!
The perfect lunch!. . We were fortunately enough to arrive to "the best seat in the house," patio seating facing the Bellagio fountains with perfect weather to boot. Amazing views definitely created a romantic atmosphere for my girlfriend and I.. . All meals are served with an assortment of bread that comes with a unique tray of both black and green olive dip. It also comes with full olives as well.. . - Beef Carpaccio $18 - AMAZING. My girlfriend doesn't generally like non-fish meats all that much, but we both LOVED this dish. It is a huge serving for only two people and will fill you up. Cited by our waiter as "Olives' best dish." JUST ORDER IT.. - Black Olive Gnocchi - for her. I believe this was a special. My girlfriend loved it.. - Flank Steak $28 - One of their specials. It was good. Not anything out of this world, but I enjoyed it.. - Three Seasons Sorbet $6 - A good dessert. Seasonal and reasonably priced.. - I don't recall how much drinks cost here, but I don't remember it being anything over the top.. . Service was exceptional. Our server was witty and the staff was conscious as to not interrupt picture taking, even offering to take pictures for us. I was drinking water like crazy that day and never reached the bottom of my glass.. . If it is a special occasion, it is definitely worth waiting for patio seating. Lunch being just over $100 for two, this is definitely a "special occasion" type restaurant and lives up to expectations.. . Out of all the Vegas restaurants my girlfriend and I tried together, we both agreed Olives was "THE" restaurant we were excited to return to. Great food and perfect service earns Todd English's Olives a perfect 5 star rating.
Excellent! We were pleasantly surprised, pork chop was perfectly cooked and presented. My wife had a combo of two pastas and it was just as good. Try to get Ralph as waiter, he may be the best we have ever had in Vegas. We sat outside and although it was a hot evening, it was still very comfortable
Wow, the food here is excellent. I went with my family before going to see "O" and really enjoyed it. We were able to walk in and get a table without a wait, which I was really surprised about. Our server was very friendly and attentive. We ordered calamari as an appetizer for the table, and then shared two of the flatbreads. We got the prosciutto and fig flatbread and the smoked salmon one. They were both excellent and that was plenty of food for four people. We had one child with us, and they were able to make buttered noodles for her. Those were the best buttered noodles I've ever tasted - very gourmet for a kid! Both the bread they brought to the table and the olive tapenades served with it were excellent.
My friends had a morning flight out of vegas and I had an early evening flight, so I decided to enjoy a top rated meal experience with part of my time in the afternoon (I had to depart too soon to have dinner). I looked at the reviews and decided to start with the Beef Carpacchio appetizer and was debating what to try for an entree. However, the waiter suggested that the appetizer would be a meal in itself. He was definitely right. The bread bowl includes some great custom home-made breads and some signature olives and olive dips which is filling in itself. The Beef Carpacchio came on an entree size plate and includes a lot of very thin sliced high quality rare beef with a mix of cheeses, greens, buttery bread/cake, etc. It was delicious and by the time I was finished I was full. In the end I believe I got out for around $30 with an excellent and very filling lunch at a celebrity chef restaurant. Another great thing about this place is that they are open for lunch and most of the afternoon, unlike a lot of the other places which are dinner only or close most of the afternoon. I look forward to going back with a larger group of people and splitting more appetizers and trying at least one entree. Also, some of my friends had gone here earlier when I was at another great place, and they got patio seating for the Bellagio fountain show, which is apparently a great experience.
Prob my fave place to brunch/lunch on the strip. . . Between 5 girls and 3 bottles of Cakebread's buttery chard, we shared several items which the waiter recommended:. . -Beef Carpaccio. -Tuna tartare. -Lobster bolognese. -Rib eye w. a red wine reduction. -Fig and prosciutto flatbread. we also got a couple items incl this smoked salmon dish (my fave, forgot name) and bread basket with Tapenade (best Tapenade ever).. . Yumsicles - hope to visit again soon.
It has been about a month since I ate at this restaurant but what a treat!  The service was great, we ate at the bar and the bartender was very helpful in stearing us in the direction of what we would enjoy the most.  He was very forthcoming with what was good and what was not so great.  . I had good ol' steak and potatoes and it was made in a way that I had never experienced before but oh so good.  The Tuna Tar Tar was also exceptional.   . The menu is varied and interesting I would recomend to anyone.
So tasty topped off with fantastic service.  Arrive ahead of your reservation and ask to be seated on the balcony. The view can't be beat.
Olives is an amazing restaurant! The restaurant is so sexy and the food is out of this world. Came here with my family after we had been hiking at Red Rock all day, so we were definitely ready to eat some seriously good food. And I'm glad I was hungry when we arrived there so that I could finish my food. I ordered a cosmo for my cocktail; it was the best cosmo I've ever had. I know it's not a complicated drink, but some how hey managed to take it to the next level.. . We ordered the portobello flatbread...so delicious with fontina and truffle oil. Yummmm. I ordered the seabass for my entree...amazing. That's all i can come up with to describe it. Melted in my mouth.. . We had great service, and everything we ordered was outstanding. This is a place you take someone you are really trying to impress. It's definitely really pricey though (it's vegas after all) so be ready to drop some dough here.. . I have yet to find a restaurant on the strip that tops Olives.
New Favorite Lunch spot in Vegas! The service is friendly and the views gorgeous if you get the right table. The start you off with a bevy of breads and crackers with their tapenades...oh so good.. . The BEST Carpaccio I've never had. It is $18, but you get a ton of meat and the dish could certainly stand alone as a meal. For our mains, we had the flatbreads. One was a fig and prosciutto and the other the Italian, with all the staples and grilled perfectly. The size was decent as well and we had leftovers to take.. . On a Sunday, it was not hard to get a table and one with a view to boot. Highly recommend this place!
When my good friend suggested lunch here when we were both working Saturdays, I jumped at the chance.  Olives had a summer tasting menu which ended on July 30th and we just made the cut.  Before I even tell you how great the food was, what a freaking value!! For $30, you got a 3 course lunch.. . First Course:. choice of grilled vegetable gazpacho. or. Eggplant tart. . Second Course:. Choice of rock cod po' boy. prime sirloin. or. herb roasted chicken with fettucine pasta. . Third Course:. Carrot Cake!. . My friend had the soup and chicken.  She was kind enough to give me a bite and the chicken was awesome and I don't even really like fettucine.  I had the eggplant tart, which I shared and we both agreed that it was awesome.  The eggplant was breaded and fried and had the consistency of chicken tenders on a flatbread pizza.  Served with arugula.  Yeah, it sounds weird, but it was really really good.  My entree was the sirloin and I loved every bite.. . Another bonus, this place has a great view and a lovely patio.  We thought about sitting outside but sweating my balls off makes it a little hard to enjoy lunch, so we passed.  Would definitely like to come here when the weather cools.  Plus, unlike some of the places in the Bellagio, this place regularly switches up its menu.. . The carrot cake was good, standard carrot cake, but by this point, I was a stuffed sausage and could not do damage to the cake.
I LOVE this restaurant.  I always visit it when I'm in town.  The Hostess is always fantastic and very accomodating.  I love the elegance of this restaurant, the seating on the patio, the views of the incredible fountains,  very romantic, the menu is divine.  (Love the free range chicken.)  This is definitely one of my absolute favorite restaurants in Vegas.  Ciao Bellas!
Service wasn't as great as I expect from such upscale dining. The waiter gave our  group of 6 grief about splitting checks, we were all on business and thus needed separate checks for accounting purposes. The food however was spectacular. I don't even like olives but the bread with the dip that came out was just short of amazing.
Oh my goodness, where to begin.  We arrived plenty early before our reservation and got a seat on the patio, with a perfect view of the fountains.  . . Our waitress was absolutely fabulous.  Thank you, Michelle, if you are out there!  She was so personable, helpful, and very funny.  . . The beef carpaccio was amazing, but the thing that really stood out was how much there was!  Most places will charge you $20 for a few strips of beef - the plate was piled high, and it could have been an entree by itself.  . . And the osso bucco was perhaps the best dish I've ever had (and that's saying something!)
The experience was not perfect, but the good parts were so mother freakin' good that it toned down the not so great parts.. . My sister and I, with our spouses, came to dinner here to celebrate our mom's 85th birthday with our "almost dad". (step dad who is really our dad now.). . The restaurant is pretty and overlooks the Bellagio fountains - awesome!. . Waitstaff were very nice.  . . The cocktail special was sublime.  I wish I had ordered it - fruit juices with vanilla infused vodka.  Heaven. Truly.  . . They brought us white chocolate and walnut foccacia with walnuts, flat bread and some other delicious homemade buttery bread with bowls of mixed olives and two kinds of olive tapanade.   This sent my husband and I directly to the moon, do not pass go, do not collect $200.   He had to bring the manager over to tell her that this, so far, was the best meal he had ever had in Vegas - and we were only on cocktails and bread.  . . Once actual eating commenced, things were a bit spottier.  For salads, we all stuck with Ceasar salads.  Pretty good, but WAY too pricey.  No simple green salad should be $17, especially when you have to leave the restaurant and cross the casino plaza to use a public bathroom.  Totally kills whatever elegance you were going for when there is a changing table and public bathroom stuff around you and you are tottering around on your best, most elegant heels, trying hard to be cool. . . Pasta and appetizers included:  Unbelievable little bay scallops in a whiskey cream sauce.   So so so so so so good.  But rich.  Super rich.  Fried prawns - excellent!!   Osso Busso pasta - ummmm.   Savory and meaty and rich.  Pasta was fresh and perfect.  Butternut squash Tortelli - beautiful flavor of fresh sweet squash in perfect pasta.  Sauce was a mite sweet, but perfect as a shared first course.   Goat cheese balls - good, but not nearly as successful. It was really a shrimp dish.  Lots of shrimp, few pasta balls filled with goat cheese.  Disappointing.  For a $38 pasta course, it should have been a --- well, a pasta course.  Honestly, I would have taken most of the shrimp out of it, doubled the pasta and cut the price in half.  . . Main courses - Best was the scallops.  Perfectly cooked on rounds of english pea polenta with swirls of beets.  Beautiful and delicious.  If you like scallops, you should look no further.  . . Someone ordered the pork chop.  He, actually a picky eater, devoured it instantly and practically licked the plate.  He proclaimed it wonderful and I believe him.. . I was the only loser.  I had the striped bass.  The fish tasted funny and it was overcooked.   The funny taste might have been simply the true taste of the fish and I suspect it was no fault of the cook.  But it tasted foul.  I also really hate overcooked fish.  I understand they were really trying to get that skin crispy, and it was.  So - my dinner was really fish skin and broccollini.   Oh, there was a rather ho-hum risotto under the fish.  It was kind of good, but only ok.   Luckily, I was so stuffed from eating from everyone else's plate, it really did not matter at all.  . . All in all, it was a wonderful experience and I heartily recommend visiting.  (Just don't order the striped bass).
Excellent!  My husband and I went here for my birthday lunch, based on a friend's recommendation.. . Definitely get a seat outside just so you can watch the fountains.  We had a reservation and only had to wait a few minutes for a table outside.. . We started with cocktails. The white sangria is excellent, my husband liked his dark and stormy as well.    We received complimentary bread, olives, and tapenade, and we could have made a meal out of that alone.  We got the pepperonata flatbread as a starter, I got mushroom pasta as an entree and it was AMAZING.. . The service was fine, no complaints.. . The food was excellent, the scenery amazing, and I am looking forward to going back on my next trip to Vegas!
This place is amazing. I'll admit, anytime I go for Italian food, I generally try the ravioli. The bar has been set very high after dining at Olives. The cheese was smooth and creamy, which is a switch from most ricotta. The sauce was amazing and chunky. It tasted as close to fresh tomatoes as you can get. I had a pear martini before dinner and it was excellent.. . Although very expensive, I highly recommend eating here if you get the chance.
If you ever want to eat somewhere with delicious food and have stunning views of the water show at the Bellagio, this is the place to be! . . Olive's had incredible service and appetizing food! My boyfriend and I had our Anniversary dinner here and let me just say, it is one that I'll never forget. . . A few tips:. Make reservations and if you don't mind eating a early dinner, make it for 5, that's when dinner starts. You'll for sure get a good window seat or patio seat.. Order a drink, a nice dinner is not complete without a tasty drink. We ordered bellinis and they were perfect.. Don't eat too much bread because the portions are pretty decent. From experience, It was pretty hard for me to stop snacking on the bread and olives. But you want room for their mouthwatering entrees! . . I had the ricotta raviolis with italian sausage and my boyfriend had the goat cheese dumplings with shrimp, this was mainly where my 5 star rating came from. The food was amazingly delectable!!!!!!!
Wait for the Patio, it's beyond worth it.. . Pray to the Food Gods that Olives assigns you to Ralph's section.  He is very knowledgeable about the menu and will let you take as long as you need to make the right choices.. . Beef Carpaccio is one of the best appetizers I've ever put in my mouth.. . The Peppercorn Crusted Beef Tenderloin was splendid.. . The ambiance is stellar and the Bellagio fountains are amazing at night.. . Notice to vegetarians: Not many options for you on this menu, you may want to look elsewhere.
Well worth the wait! We waited about 1.5 hours to be seated outside on a weekday but we planned well and got their 2 hours before getting deathly hungry. :) Thanks yelpers for the heads up! . . Now onward to the awesomeness of finally being able to eat behind the Bellagio fountains. It is just that, it's awesome and it tastes good. We got the Beef Carpacchio and the aged rib eye. Both were fantastic. The breads were good, the olives were amazing, and the waiter was so-so. He forgot my Iced Tea like 3 times. It's all good though.
Had a wonderful dinner last night. Sea Bass was the best I have ever had!!!!! Drinks were amazing too. Beautiful decor as well.
Olives is one of my favorite restaurants for dining outside.  I love it!  We visited several weeks ago while gambling and shopping at the Bellagio.  Luckily, it was a week day, and we were able to sit on the patio without a reservation.  I enjoyed the special flatbread of the day-escargot and goat cheese.  Blissful!  I love, love, love the olives, spreads, and breads that they serve before the meal.  Wish I could transport myself to the patio right now for another stunning meal!
Had an amazing meal at Olive's last night. I usually stop at the bar for a drink when in town and always enjoy the vibe, so decided to try the full Olive's experience this time. . . We were fortunate to get a table on the terrace and watched the watershow throughout the meal. . . Patrick the server and Tammie the sommelier were attentive and fun. Exceptional service. . . Highly recommend the portobello flatbread, the carpaccio and the butternut squash ravioli. The wild boar papardelle pasta special was superb too. . . Jordan Chardonnay and Cabernet were featured wines that night and paired well with everything we ordered. . . Looking forward to going back.
I come here every time I come to Vegas.  Their food is good, but the atmosphere is what makes it.  . . The Bellagio Fountains are my absolute favorite thing in Vegas, so I make a reservation for the patio every time.  They turn the music off on the patio for each and every fountain show and the atmosphere is just magical.  . . Moral of the story: come to sit on the patio (wait if you have to) and be amazed!
This is mine and my bf's go to place for a romantic date night. It's so nice being able to sit on the patio and watch the Bellagio fountains a couple of times throughout your meal. . . Everything I've had to eat here has not disappointed. They start you out with olives (not really my thing but they look good) and seriously THE BEST bread basket in the history of bread baskets. I know my carbs and the white chocolate rolls are on the top of my list. I ordered halibut with a shrimp risotto on top and my bf got a steak. Both came out and we absolutely loved them. We were too full for dessert, but the waiter was kind enough to wrap some more rolls up for me to take home. . . The service, atmosphere, and food will surely not disappoint!
Sooo yummy! We got the spicy chicken flatbread for an appitizer and I got the butternut squash tortallini....it was amazing! I definitely recommend it. My dad got the lobster pasta dish and said it was fantastic. My brother got the rib eye and said it was very flavorful, but had a little too much marble. Overall a fantastic meal!
I love this place! The portions are large, reasonable price (for Vegas). I didn't have a reservation so I opted for the bar where they serve the full menu. Great service! I had the fiery chicken flatbread, It was definitely enough to share... The complimentary bread and tapenade are amazing! This place is a must if you like American/Meditterranean fine dining at a reasonable price.
Man this place was great for lunch. . . The butternut squash tortelli was hands down the best butternut squash pasta type dish I have ever had. It was covered in a browned butter and nutmeg sauce which perfectly balanced the sweetness of the butternut squash center. I hate taking pictures of my food but I'm glad my friends took a picture of it because I swear the tortelli lasted about 3 minutes before I destroyed it and tucked it away forever as my own little secret love prisoner. . . They infuse their vodka with pineapple and blueberries (not together). I've never seen so many empty martini glasses at a single table. I'm sure my group took care of their supply of pineapple and blueberry infused alcohol for the day.
Most memorable lunch in Vegas so far !!! Went here for lunch on 12/17/11.. We stayed at the Bellagio and I have to say that all of their restaurants are 5 stars.. Todays the weather was spectacular... Sunny, cool in the 60's, blue sky, crisp delicious weather to be outside enjoying the beautiful view of the Vegas strip, Eiffel tower, the Bellagio Lake and its fountains..and that's where we sat.. Todd's Olives offers a prefix menu which sounded like a great deal however my husband and I are foodies. We can't  be constricted to a set menu.. . The cocktails are impressive, we both had Bellinis wich are prepared with peach puree, Heavenly!  For food we ordered the prosciutto and figs flat bread and the grilled octopus with garbanzo,..this dish is an authentic spanish garbanzo soup with the most tender grilled Octopus, The flat bread is amazing , is made with gorgonzola cheese, bountiful slices of prosciutto , fresh figs grilled, arugula and a drizzle of truffle oil..wow nee I say more?  for main course the chicken and vegetable lasagna and I had the duck confit agnolotti..all I can say is that these dishes were so good that we wiped the plates clean. Unfortunately leaving no room for dessert.. . We HIGHLY recommend this restaurant.. and will come back everytime we are in Vegas.
One word... Yum!!  We went based on a recommendation from a friend.  We showed up at 5:45 to wait for a patio table, again as recommended.  Have to say our friends have very good taste!   The ambience of the patio is just amazing. You are sitting so close to the Bellagio water show that you can feel a slight mist hitting your face.  Lovely!   The food is superb. We started with beef carpaccio which was a party in my mouth.  For my main entree I ordered the monk fish special.  It was so yummy.  My hubby and I have vowed never to go to Vegas again without making Olives a priority.  Well worth the money.
Of all of my dining experiences at Vegas, this one is definitely up there.  This restaurant is located in the heart of The Shops of Bellagio.. . I had the Sea Scallops and it was simply awesome.  Very nice presentation.  The complimentary bread and olives were very tasty.  The ambiance was dark and classy.  Also, I certainly can't complain about customer service.  I think I discovered my new favorite Vegas spot.  . . I opted to sit at the bar, but the best spot is on the patio where you can see the water show.  I'd advise, however, that you make reservations because the patio appeared to be packed even for a weekday.  I can't imagine what it would be like on a weekend.
This is my favorite go to spot in Vegas.  The pineapple martini's are to die for, beef carpaccio is always so tender and flavorful and the spicy chicken flat bread is one of my favorites!  Add in the ambiance of the fountains at Bellagio and Olives is a must visit.  Can't wait to go back!
Food is good, service is good, dessert is excellant, but it's all about the view! Patio seating with front row views of the Bellagio fountain show!  Superb dining experience!
Where to begin.... For me, this is THE Olives to go to. Better service, nicer staff and even a better menu than the NYC location.. . We booked our Bellagio stay via Virtuoso and part of the perks was a dining voucher for Olives. Little did we know what a treat we were in for. Our waiter was excellent, let us move tables twice and kept the bread and oil coming before we had ordered a single item. His attitude didn't change when we told him we had a voucher - which is huge. Almost a huge as the portion sizes! I am, as I mentioned before, a food whore. There cannot be enough food. But...Olives came close. And it wasn't just the quantity, it was also the quality. The beef carpaccio was a poem on a plate...delicious, thin and lean slices of well seasoned beef over a bed of polenta and some greens...mouthwatering. We also got some flat breads, scallops and a few other items. Spending the amount on our voucher without overeating proved to be mission impossible - but that's what to go bags are for!. . Between the amazing location (overlooking the Bellagio lake), the great service and the amazing food (which truly is well priced!) this place is a 'must' for any of our future trips to LV!
We stopped in here for a bit between playing and real dinner...We sat at the bar and were served right away.  The special peach puree martini was a big winner.  Though I dont like olives, the tampenades served with the bread were really great.  I loved the bread selection and I'll def be back for the peach martini..
This was one of the best meals we have had in Las Vegas! After having eaten at most of the steakhouses on the Strip,we decided to give Olives a try. We shared an appetizer of escargot served with a red wine reduction. Plenty to share between the two of us, the sauce was nice. I ordered the sea bass with mushroom risotto for my entree and my husband ordered the pork tenderloin roulade. We both really enjoyed these dishes. I normally do not order fish, but this was really good!! We both shared two desserts, the mango creme brulee and the banana  tiramisu. Both of these dishes were yummy!! We enjoyed everything about this dining experience. We will be back again, with requesting a table with a view of the fountains.
One of our top spots whenever we're in Vegas, even when we're not staying at the Bellagio.. . On our last visit, we started with the escargot and I swear we were served a small army of those little suckers, all yummy in their baths of garlic and butter with goat cheese crostinis.  I nearly passed out..  . We've enjoyed their pastas, especially the lobster carbonara, the seabass is always fantastic, and any time we've had a steak with any preparation, it's been sublime.  . . It's always crowded,  folks.  Even with a reservation, you might have to wait.  So belly up to the bar.  The guys there are very un-Vegas-like and actually friendly and there's a nice wine list.  . . Yes, you could sit outside by the fountains, and that IS nice, but sometimes you just want to get all cozy in a lovely dark restaurant with your partner and stuff your face with some snails and wash it down with a big fat cab.
I had Sole Milanese and Mushroom Tart for lunch as part of the Restaurant Week special.  The food was absolutely delicious, and the portions were generous.  I sat at the bar and chatted with the bartender.  The staff is very friendly, something that I experience at most Bellagio restaurants.  The vibe here is a bit more relaxing than other places in Bellagio - less fancy, less trendy, more cozy.  I will come back again next time I'm in town.
The wait to sit at the outside patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains is minimum an hour if you're there on a weekend. . . The atmosphere is tranquil and the decor is just plain niceee!!. . The beef carpaccio and it's one dish that definitely stood out. This is a great choiice for a nice lunch or dinner. Definitely a must on your list of top Vegas restaurants.
I've been wanting to try this place out for years and I finally got a chance to try it out. I had the burger with truffles and it was probably the best burger I've ever had. It was juicy and had a great flavor on top of the earthiness of the truffles. They also give you a trio of tapenades that were very good. I can't wait to back and try other items on the menu. Oh I forgot to mention that it has amazing view of the Bellagio fountains!!
the ambience alone is reason to visit Olives. The bar was dimmly lit and sexy. It is so hard to find restaurants these days with nice, dim lighting. . . I started off with the largest Martini of my life. Granted it was $14 but it was easily 3x the Martini I ordered at Ami Gabi at Paris the night before.. . The octopus/squid app was wonderful. Almost a meal in itself with all the chickpeas. . . Since I was full after the awesome bread basket and olive tepanade served two ways  I did not order a main. I will definetely be back and have a full meal next year.. . The Irish bartender was a true delight. Wish more restaurant employees in Vegas were this personable and capable.
Overdue review because finally tried this place with mom and aunts last year because we wanted to enjoy the Bellagio Fountains while dining.  Made reservations for the patio and the VIEW was spectacular! . . Bread Basket with olives and olive tapenade was deelish especially the white chocolate bread!!!. . Dishes ordered: Butternut Squash Pasta, Lobster Pasta, and Bass (I think)... we all shared and all of it was deelish!. . Desserts: Mango Brulee and Hazelnut Souffle and OMG both were too die for!!! Especially the Hazelnut Souffle!!!  Also, since my mom's birthday the server brought out 3 different kinds of truffles and they were FANTASTIC!!!
Returned for lunch today, and am never disappointed!. Made reservations for 4 for a late lunch on the patio. Seated shortly after we arrived with a great view of the Bellagio Fountains. (a late lunch, you'll get to enjoy the fountains). . Not a fan of bread baskets, but this one you can't pass up. . Fresh olives and olive tampanades to spread onto a variety of fresh made breads. . The flatbread is crisp, cheesy with a kick... I could have made a meal out of it. . . We ordered the Ricotta Ravioli, Rainbow Trout, Skirt Steak and Beef Carpaccio. . We all had a bite of each others entrees loving everyones cholce!. . . The Ravioli had a sausage, tomato basil sauce that was hearty and light. . The Rainbow Trout, cooked perfectly on top of a heap of fries with truffle oil. . The Skirt Steak had a maytag crust and served with grilled vegetables including grilled romaine lettuce. . Beef Carpaccio melts in your mouth with a savory mustard. Its served on top of mountain of mixed greens with polenta hidden underneath. . . The great thing about Olives is if you have enjoyed an entree before, months later, you can order it again and experience the same great taste. They are spot on everytime, and the service is excellent. . . Looking forward to going back!
Even when holding Olives (in Bellagio) to my Manhattan standards in terms of creativity, innovation and quality, everything about this Sin City gem was simply exquisite, from decor to service to food/drinks.  Prices are certainly inflated, but that's par for the course in Vegas. Two drinks, appetizer and entree came to $125/person after tax and tip. Thank god for expense accounts!. . I ordered the Chilean Seabass and the waiter told me I chose the best entree on the menu. I guess I have a knack for eliciting that response haha. The miso glaze was a bit salty, but all-in-all I loved the dish.  And the tuna tartar to start (suggested by the waiter) wrapped in a bed of shaved cucumber was divine.. . My co-workers got the lobster pasta dish, bib salad and calamari/octopus starters. Everyone was more than content.
Loved this place, hitting it up for lunch was probably the best idea we had all weekend as far as food goes.  It's pretty classy looking but you won't feel too out of place with jeans and a t-shirt (although I was amused with the people dressed more than business casual with young kids in tow dressed as young kids tend to dress - I'm sure that's their normal weekend getup and I am nowhere near that fancy).  Reservations are recommended but we got a table for 2 right away at around 1:00 PM.  . . I really really wanted to try out some appetizers but we skipped them because we knew there wouldn't be room.  The flatbreads that other tables had were looking really tasty.  If I go back, I'd be willing to just go all appetizers for a meal, pick a little bit here and a little bit there, but that's for another trip.  . . The wine list is extensive (the Bellagio boasts thousands of wines and tens of thousands of bottles, so it was expected but still impressive to see).  The cocktail list is full of the usual trends these days, which wasn't appetizing to me (although I did get some simple cocktail with cognac, cointreau, ginger ale, and some other things which was pretty good).  They had a very tasty sangria that had the perfect amount of brandy.  . . They give you table bread at the beginning, which was really good.  There was some onion bread, normal bread, and sesame seed cracker things and it was served with some green olive tapenade, black olive tapenade, and a few special olives outside of your normal black and greens.  Really tasty, although in my mind it's very hard to go wrong with bread and olive tapenade. . . My meal was the chicken and vegetable lasagna.  It came out in a cylinder, like a lasagna stack or something, and was more like a mix of lasagna ingredients all swirled together than your traditional layered lasagna.  Cream sauce too, instead of tomato-based.  It was awesome.  There was a lot of chicken in big chunks, lots of perfectly done pasta, and all of the veggies gave it a healthy spin.  Nothing was overpowering, proportions were spot-on, and it was overall deliciously tasty.  I got to try the ricotta ravioli, which was also awesome.  The Italian sausage inside had the perfect spicy kick that let you know it was there without needing to search for it and without being too spicy.  The red sauce with that was a good complement.. . The price was high, like all of Vegas and especially the Bellagio, but it didn't feel out of place here.  You got what you paid for and you'd be hard-pressed to find the equivalent meal for a lower price anywhere else in the US.   The service was pretty good.  The waitress had a look to her like she was already looking forward to the end of her shift but was still attentive and nice.  Finally, after writing this review, I miss my meal and I would like to go back for some more...like, now!
I have made serveral trips to Vegas over the years and this is still one of my favorite restaurants, honestly anywhere.  I love the bread, I love the olive spreads, and the atmosphere is great.The flatbreads and salads are fantastic, and perfect to split with a friend for a full meal.  Price is reasonable and the perfect lunch in a crazy town.
When the girls and I are in Vegas, this is our go-to spot for various reasons.  Tradition, yummy food, best view of the Bellagio fountains on the patio, and service!. . First, the bread basket w/ olives and olive tapenade is sooooo good! The foccacia, the little round kind of sweet, walnut bread is divine!  The dishes that I would recommend getting is the Beef Carpaccio (seriously the best carpaccio on earth! Choice cuts of meat, freshly shaved parm and a balsamic reduction..ugh to die for!).  You need to get the Grilled Squid and Octopus...the sauce alone with the chickpeas, roasted garlic is amazing especially when sopping it up with some foccacia!  The squid and octopus is super tender and flavorful.  I would seriously be happy splitting those two dishes with a friend.  Even though they are appetizers, the portions are large and could really be an entree.  I wasn't a big fan of the Fig and Prosciutto Flatbread...I thought the Gorgonzola was a bit much and overpowered the other flavors.  I could not really taste the fig...fresh figs would have been yummy on it.. . The service is impeccable.  We always make reservations for one of Paul's tables!  He is the best waiter hands-down!!  Definitely make reservations ahead of time to be able to sit on the patio so you can watch the lovely Bellagio fountains!!
DELICIOUS seafood.. . My friend and I arrived promptly for our 8:30 reservations and were seated immediately. We got a cozy booth right next to the fountains. We ordered a couple of drinks - my two pear martini was fantastic - lots of fruit flavor, but not too sweet.. . The bread course has a great variety - there was a salty, cheesy flatbread, a sweet roll, and few other varieties. The olive tapanades on the side were a super salty - but I'm not a big olive fan to begin with. . . I ordered the Hawaiian Mahi Mahi. It came  with a crispy crust, perched on a bed of lime and cilantro basmati rice, ginger bok choy, miso butter sauce, and crispy leeks. The lime and cilantro gave the dish a super fresh flavor, the butter sauce was creamy and delicious, and the veggies were a great compliment. . . My friend's Chilean Sea Bass was even better - served with risotto full of wild mushrooms, tender sauteed baby spinach, savory port wine beurre rouge, charred endive, and a sharp, sweet, balsamic vinaigrette.. . Our server was attentive, our food was amazing, and the atmosphere was outstanding.
This restaurant was FANTASTIC!  We had Saturday night reservations and were given a table just inside the windows with an excellent view of the Bellagio fountains.  Our waiter was incredibly friendly and attentive.  We loved the tapenade and bread spread that accompanied our cocktails and everyone's food was absolutely delicious (two different pastas, a duck dish, and a fish dish). Everyone ended the meal full and happy-topped off with chocolate cake and coffee.
Killer cocktails flatbreads and other apps. Loved it.
Love the patio on Lake Bellagio!!!  This restaurant is one of my favorites in Vegas.  Perfect lunch spot.  Service is great, food is excellent and ambiance is perfect.  I had lunch today and had a seafood pasta special.  Great flavors, good portion size and the pasta was homemade.  My mom had crab stuffed prawns.  They were really good too!  This restaurant is always a great option in Vegas!!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE olives! came here first time for my 20th birthday then came back for my 22nd birthday for dinner. Great place to grab a ribeye. I also ordered the lobster here given i love lobster diablo and since the closure of Joe Dimagizzos in sf i havent found another place that makes it just as good. sadly after eating at CUT the night before this lobster had no chance of shining since all i could think and compare it to the lobster at CUT. I had the ribeye of course. So good unfortunately its in vegas and im in sf. we had pretty yummy drinks but i cant recall the name =[ BOO! i love that they have olive bread. the flatbread pizza is to die for. OMG FIG and PROSCIUTTO could there be a better combo than that. Cant wait to return eating here hopefully it will be soon! =D For a group of 5 girls the bill came out to be 100 a person, not too bad.
The first time I went to Olives was New Year's week with my boyfriend. We sat in the main dining area. The ambiance was cozy, romantic, and full of energy. The service was prompt and courteous. And most importantly, the food was amazing!. . I love the breads and olive tapenades that come before the meal! I'm especially fond of the chocolate bread....it has a slight sweetness while still retaining a traditional "bread and butter" taste.. . The highlights: . The beef carpaccio was delicious and fresh, paired nicely with an arugula salad, parmesan shavings, polenta cake, and balsamic reduction. . Chilean Sea Bass with wild mushroom risotto and sauteed spinach was cooked perfectly! . And their desserts were to die for! I usually find that if a restaurant does their savory foods extremely well, their desserts end up lacking. I almost always order dessert when I'm dining out. And I can say that I am IN LOVE with Olive's hazelnut souffle! Baked perfectly with dramatic height it is paired with the most delicious type of creme anglaise. . . . The overall dining experience was so perfect that we made reservations for dinner the next night, but the second time we sat outside with the view of the Bellagio fountain. It was a bit chilly even with the heat lamps, but the food was on point again and the view of the water shows was well worth it!. I will definitely be coming back to Olives.
Offers a view of Lake Bellagio. But I suggest not sitting outside, only because the fountains WILL sprinkle you and your food. Our group tried the butternut squash, alaskan salmon, veal, spaghetti for the kids, and the scallops. The butternut squash is great, although best for a vegetarian (such as myself). The salmon was great as well, goes perfectly with the couscous. The scallops are not pescetarian friendly, as they have beef on the bottom? And my mother was able to call them to custom make me a cake for my 21st birthday month celebration. Service was impeccable. OH, and the bread that comes before the meal, A MUST TRY. The olive spread is AMAZING. Oh, and since I am newly 21, I tried their pear cocktail and cranberry cocktail. MMM (they card you, heads up! lol). And. Right next to Dior and Bottega. A fashionista's dream.
"Life is Fresh" is the best drink I've ever had. The ahi carpaccio is amazing too, and the bartenders rock. This will be a definite "go back" next time we're in Vegas.
Hubby and I were looking for a nice place to celebrate so we headed down the strip and randomly chose the Bellagio for a crapshoot at getting a table somewhere.  After wandering around a bit, looking at the lovely flowers, we headed down restaurant row and perused the menus, trying to decide what sounded best.  When we got to the last one, Todd English's Olives, we decided to give it a shot.  I asked the hostess if they had room for 2 walk-ins and we were seated immediately, though I overheard the couple behind us being told it was a 45 minute wait.. whew!. . The restaurant was packed, and we couldn't have been seated further from the fountain-view windows without being in another casino.. but we were there for the food.  Our waiter was friendly without trying to be besties and gave us suggestions.  Following his advice, we ordered the Beef Carpaccio for an appetizer to share.. . Words can't truly explain how divine that Beef Carpaccio was.. shaved so thin that you could see through it, with incredible flavor drizzles to vary the tastes.  It was fantastic, melt-in-your-mouth beef.  Hubby ate up the fried corn cake that was underneath the mountain of beef, exclaiming how incredibly good it was also.  Sometimes the southern just goes to the bone in that man ;). . Our entrees arrived and were perfectly prepared and gorgeously presented.  Hubby had the porterhouse with sides of broccoli & fried lobster mac & cheese.  I had the scallops with sides of brussel sprouts & some balsamic beets, along with other stuff I don't remember.. . First, his steak - perfectly prepared, incredibly tasty.  I sampled a bite of each item and they were fantastic, and based on how clean his plate ended I'd have to say that he totally agreed.. . My scallops were incredibly good, and the crispy lil cakes underneath gave a great texture balance that only enhanced the scallops.  There were 3 large scallops on my plate, and I could barely manage to finish two of them though I truly wanted to eat that last one - I was just too stuffed to continue.  The balsamic beets were tasty good, I wouldn't have minded if there was more of that on my plate instead of the brussel sprouts.  As for those.. I'll admit to a total dislike of brussel sprouts.. but these were edible.  Not great, but I'm afraid that's an impossibility... achieving edible status is shocking enough.. . All in all, a great dining experience that gave us the perfect cap to an already excellent day :D
I love this place!  Service is really good and the food is delcious! I've dine here about 10 times , their pastas are really good along with their salmon. I highly recommend this place if you are entertaining guests, i would request patio seating to get a view of the bellagio fountains. Thinking of throwing my big 30 here at the Olives patio.. Try it now!
Butternut squash was amazing!
One of the best restaurant I have ever been. Wonderful ambience, awesome food and impeccable service.  Amazing breads and olives of course. Definitely a must stop if in Las Vegas.
I am giving this restaurant 5 stars because of the view from the patio!  If you go here, definitely reserve a patio table if at all possible.  The service was excellent and the food was very good (especially the butternut squash ravioli), but the best part of the experience was having a unique view of the Bellagio Fountains show.  I was having dinner with 5 guests from Illinois and they were thrilled to watch the fountains during our dinner. . . In addition to good food, service and views, the prices also are fairly reasonable.  In fact, if you steer clear of the wine, you will end up spending something close to the price of the Bellagio dinner buffet to eat here.  . . Highly recommended!
Love this place!!!!  They have pizzas under $20, pastas in the $20-$30 range, and nice meals $30+.. . A friend came in from Cali for a convention so I took her here to eat. IF you get a little later reservation, like 8:15 8:30, and sit by the window or on the patios you have an amazing view of the Bellagio Fountains, they also go off more often after 8 or 830 like every 15 minutes.  Which is just awesome.. . My guy friend got the Halibut [priced around $50] which was fantastic! In fact, it was better than mine. I got scallops on top of risotto cakes with beets and Brussels Sprouts [I would never have eaten this dish when I was little] anyhow it was good, but I would def order the Halibut next time :). I had meal envy.. . My Cali friend ordered Salmon on top of risotto, I don't eat Salmon, but it looked good. She cleaned her plate than quickly mention she was def going to have to hit the gym when she got back home.  We shared a bottle of Russian River Cab too which was amazing!  She loved this place and said next time she came in town she was going back. Score 1 for me!. . I was a little sad b/c they used to have this 'rabbit 2 ways dish' and they changed it. Keep in mind this place was the first and last time I've ever eaten rabbit and it was to die for. So they do update their menu.
Amazing food! You should be prepared for a pricey dinner, but the quality of food makes it worth it. Had the tuna tartare & sea scallops. Both were incredible! Best scallops I've had. Yum!
Had a 5.30 reservation and wanted to sit outside,we were greeted nicely by the host and were brought outside to our tale but it was really warm and we asked to sit inside,no problem.We had a nice table by the window,our server Michelle was very friendly and professional.Dinner was fantastic but the high light was the beef carpaccio .Desserts were good to.Will defiantly return.
Excellent food.   Excellent service.  Russ is awesome!   Drinks were always full.  Great view of the fountain.   Did I mention the food was great.
My girlfriend and I are always looking out for Celeb Chef restaurants. So when we were looking for a dinner place for her bday, this one stuck out. (well maybe because we saw his other operation on Chef Wanted on Food Network). So we thought we would give it a try.. . We were impressed. It might have been one of the best meals we've had.  We started with the sausage flat bread, which was a little spicy for her, but i loved it. :) then the main courses we split and had the Chicken Gnocci and the Short Rib Parpadelli. amazing is all i have to say. Also, we seriously contemplated taking home a bag of the Chocolate Walnut Bread. mmmm.  . . I made a reservation online and noted it was her bday. after our main course they brought out a nice plate with 3 different cake balls on them with "happy birthday" written out on it. Nice touch.. . We will come back here again.
We went to the restaurant for lunch with our little kids (baby and a toddler). Even thou the restaurant is kind of upscale the atmosphere was very chill and relaxing. We got a nice booth with a view of the famous fountains so kids we super happy when the show started. Service was impeccable and food was so delicious. We had couple of flat breads including the one with the goat and several appetizers - the shrimp with crab was absolutely amazing!!!!!! Such awesome flavors!! We will go there again when to come to LV!!!
We had a party of 6 go here for a 30th birthday party. Our waiter Paul was GREAT. He made the experience what it was. All of our drinks and food were top notch, there wasn't one complaint about anything. By the time we were ordering dessert it was late and space cleared out on the patio so Paul brought us out there for dessert by the fountains. It was the best meal we have had in Vegas out of well over 100 restaurants
Wonderful! We stopped in for cocktails and late lunch. All was wonderful. And the view was the Bellagio Fountain Show. What was better; both!. Must visit and enjoy.
I love this place.  My boyfriend and I make it a point to eat here at least once during our frequent weekenders.  The beef carpaccio is amazing.  The mushroom flatbread is yummy and their sandwiches and pastas (triend a number of them) are delicious.  The portions are very generous considering this place is a high-brow type of place.  The last time I went, they had a pineapple ice tea on the specials menu, it was yummy but it was $6 with no refills, kinda lame.  Oh and the breads they bring out with the olive tapenade is great too!
So it was my girlfriends birthday and we decided, after much browsing and walking around, to try out Olives, and boy am I glad we did. Every part of the meal was fantastic, from the drinks, appetizers, main course, to the complimentary birthcake dessert. I was going to try the beef tartare, but at the suggestion of our fantastic waiter, we got the beef carpaccio. Delicious is all I can say. The waiter found out that we were in the food industry so when we ordered the flat bread he brought out a Trio dish with fig and prosciutto, olives classic, and portabello. Downright amazing is all I can say. Since my girlfriend is a part time vegetarian she got the Pasta butternut squash tortelli, and she loved it. I ordered the rabbit dish, which is a first for me, and the flavors were delicious. Todd English himself might be phoning it in at this point in his career, but the Chefs and cooks at Olives are more than covering his ass. Fantastic job folks.
This by far is my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas. The green beans are the best you will ever eat and that is no lie. When I asked about a good beer paring with my salmon the waiter looked a little puzzled, which was fine. Eat here and you will not be disappointed. Also make sure you make a reservation.
I was in town for a convention and ate lunch here two days in a row. Both times, it was a truly outstanding experience. . . The first day, I was alone for lunch so I sat at the bar. Two very professional servers with knowledge and personality waited on me. I had no idea what I wanted, so I did what is generally the safe thing. I asked for a recommendation.. . The gentleman behind the bar highly recommended the Beef Carpaccio. This amazing dish includes gorgonzola polenta, parmesan, cipollini onions, balsamic reduction, scallion cream, and garlic aioli. I've included a photo so you can witness for yourself this succulent treat. It was the perfect lunch dish in every respect. . . On the second day, I came back for lunch with a coworker and we sat at a table. A nice server came over to take our orders and today, Ifelt like pizza. So I again asked for a recommendation. The server said, "Well...it may sound strange, but I think the Fig & Prosciutto flatbread pizza is the best." . . Figs in pizza? Really? Okay. Fig & Prosciutto it is. And she was right. It was a heavenly flatbread. The figs were, in fact, the highlight of the meal. A unique blend of flavors and I highly recommend you try it.. . Something I also like about this restaurant is that when you're seated, they give you a free sample of their various Olives spreads, along with bread that ranges from soft to crispy. You could almost make a meal of these. And since I like olives, I'm a huge fan of the spreads. . . The atmosphere here is outstanding as well. Inside and out. And if you choose to dine outdoors on the terrace, you're right in front of the Bellagio fountains. Enjoy the water show, music, fine cuisine, and the misters (if it's hot outside) gently spraying cool water down to you. . . If you like olives, you love Olive's.
The food, the service the atmosphere, the cocktails are wonderful at Olives. Always a fun, memorable time when dining at Olives. Sitting on the Patio watching the watershow is awesome. One of our favorites
2 salads, 2 iced teas, and the new  Moroccan Flatbread= Best Lunch in town.
Enjoyed our food, the warm weather outdoors, and the fountain show.
Friendly waiters and knowledgeable sommelier. We dined at this restaurant before going to see the "Jersey Boys" at the Paris. Our waiter, Ralph was very helpful and got our food order out in a timely manner. He timed  the drinks, salads and pastas so that we didn't feel rushed. After dinner, he even walked with us out of the restaurant to show us which direction to get to the Paris hotel.. . My friends and I ordered the Grilled Squid and Octopus with Chickpeas. Generous morsels of squid and octopus in a tomato based sauce. The chickpeas were firm but not crunchy and provided a nice contrast to the tender squid and octopus.. . The baby Lolla Rosa was a salad mixed with red onions, beets, tangerines and wild flower honeycomb, which I found out was a smear of honey. . . We also ordered the Chicken and Gnocchi and Short Rib Pappardelle. The pasta and gnocchi were freshly made and both dishes were excellent.. . Since this restaurant doesn't take reservations, my suggestion is go early and ask to be seated outside or near the window. The Bellagio fountains put on quite a show and it was nice to watch.
Try ordering the flat bread and the beef scarpoccio and mix the two atthe table. It was just great..great service too. Share your Odets, it can be allot of food
The best food we had in Las Vegas.  The Atmosphere was romantic, the staff were friendly, and the food was to die for (figure of speech).  We had the best Bread, Sole, and Short Rib there.  The wine pairing was perfect.  We'll be back!
We dropped in at dinner time when they were super full with a wait, but their bartender was able to find a seats at the bar, we had great service and though we had appetizers everything was exceptional. I want to say the olive spreads are worth a visit on their own but the carpaccio was the best I've ever had. I also had the Foie Gras which being from CA is always a treat.Once again would love to try more items on the menu so hope to go back
On my last day of vacation had a truly memorable brunch.  Loved the Two Pear cocktail.  Had a Sunsplash too.  Truly found the carpaccio so good.  The prawns stuffed with crab was the bomb !  Had the cookie plate ( hot fresh baked cookies ) with homemade ice cream.  Great combination......why don't others copy that.. Was fortunate to sit in the patio outside......in nice weather....do it if you can.  Rarely give anything five stars.  Highly recommend it.  Great waiter too.
My favorite restaurant in one of my favorite restaurant cities!. . Many people come here for the Fountains, and if you can snag a patio table (be prepared for a wait-- possibly worth every minute) you will have an unforgettable experience for sure. . . But I come here for the food and I have never been disappointed. Get the flatbread. It's the best pizza you will ever eat. . . The Caesar is always excellent. The specials are always creative and enticing. I could itemize everything I have ever ordered here, but it will better serve simply to say: not only have I never had a less-than-superb meal here, I have never had a less than excellent dish here. . . Oh, and get the flatbread. Really.
My husband and I were in Las Vegas for a couple nights for a conference.  We asked around for advice on "the one place to go" for a special evening with great food.  Nobody's advice was really that great.  My advice?  Go to Todd English's Olives in the Bellagio.  The food is excellent, the price is acceptable, the setting is classy, the service is wonderful and friendly, and there is even the chance of sitting on the patio for front row seats of the legendary Bellagio fountain show.. . At your table, you'll enjoy the complimentary olive tapenade to death.  We had the portebello flatbread.  It was our all around favorite piece of the meal.  We got a lobster mac n cheese on the side instead of with the steak.  It was killer.  We had the cod cake appetizer.  I might reccomend something else, or one of their flatbread concoctions as an appetizer instead, in case you were skipping it.  They are really great.  We also had the Pacific Sole- paired with a great Pinot (the tablet wine list and interactive pairing menu really helped confirm the choice there), it was perfect.  We were too stuffed for dessert, but their options looked great, plus they gave us a complimentary little treat for our anniversary which was in the same month (how cool!).  . . As to the service, we did in fact sit on the balcony and watch the fountain show in our laps.  I couldn't imagine a more romantic or perfect venue in all of vegas, having perused and researched the town a bit.  Again, the perfect one night dinner out for a couple.  Getting a reservation is something the hotel consierge in the Bellagio couldn't do for us, but which the hostess (Erica?) made seem like the easiest thing in the world when I talked to her in person.  The conference went late, and I had to cancel, then move my reservation, making it even more difficult to get in, but she worked it all out and we just showed up and walked right out to our seat!!!  It seemed like usually there is a waiting list and such, so this may not work out the same for all, but I'd give it a shot because it is so very worth it, and they are so very helpful. The actual server was helpful and prompt, and tastefully out of the way (I'm not into the whole "I'm your server and the center of your attention this evening" bit that you get at other places).  We are so lucky to have figured this place out on our own.  It should be on everyone's lips as the go-to spot.
Been here at least a handful of times over the years when the wallet gets a little fat and starts burning a hole in my pocket. Not cheap, we drop at least $150+ for two (appetizer, entree, desert and drinks), but its oh so worth it....everytime. The decor is fanstastic and interesting to look around at, although we are so over the waterfountain thing. . . Anyway, this is the one and only reason that we attempt to go near the cheezy played out strip these days. I'm dreaming about the souffle now, mmm. The chefs there are truly artist and masters of their craft, thank you for your fine work! It's always nice to taste what millionaires and billionaires eat like everyday.
BEST vodka martinis anywhere. Between the Maytag blue cheese stuffed olives spiked in a sprig of rosemary and the perfect combination of ice cold vodka and vermouth, I was in heaven.  The bartenders are great and lots of fun.  We ate dinner at the bar. The fig and prosciutto flatbread is not to be missed. The ravioli was al dente with the right amount of sauce. I would return again in a heartbeat.
My wife and I decided on this as a lunch one day when we were trying to figure out a place to eat.  We were glad we did. . . We arrived shortly after they opened at 11am, and were promptly seated with a choice of either the balcony overlooking the Bellagio Fountains or the dining room.  We chose the dining room as it was very sunny that day.  . . Our server, Dennis, was very attentive and made was able to answer any questions that we had about the menu.  . . We chose the Manila Clams Fra Diavolo for my wife and I chose the Short Rib Pappardelle.  Both came out very quickly and were very fresh and flavorful.  Service was wonderful, and we never felt rushed at all.  I definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking  for a nice quiet meal.
Very good! Nothing too far out there, I had scallop dish and couldn't even finish it all, between appetizers and the rich food, I was satiated!
There are a ton of choices when you go to Vegas, so how do you know you're making the right one? By heading to Yelp and reading reviews of course. My husband and I came for dinner, we were a little early for our reservation so sat down at the bar for a drink. The drink/wine menu was handed to us (an ipad). I had a dirty martini - the bartender asked if I wanted bleu cheese olives, so obvi I said yes. They were speared with a Rosemary sprig  and I was instantly in love.. . We started with the carpaccio and both had specials - steak and miso bass. Both were delicious, although the miso was a little salty - I had commented that I hoped it wouldn't be salty to the husb when I was thinking about ordering it so I should have seen it coming.. . Otherwise everything was excellent, service was great. And you can't beat the view of the Bellagio Fountains!
Ok.... Sooooo I got attacked by a squid!!! LOL. . Best appetizer dish ever...grilled squid and octopus!!!!!. . Me and my bother stopped in for some drinks and a snack before our group was meeting elsewhere or dinner in a few hours.. . I have it to say that even though we only had this dish it was cooked and prepared to perfection!! . If you have ever had squid or octopus before you will more then likely taste he difference.... This was grilled to perfection and the meat was nice and tender....not rubbery like other places!!!. . Def coming back for lunch or dinner... . Ohhh the drinks were good and so was the assortment in the bread basket!!
I absolutely loved the place - of course I liked it the minute I got there because of the view! My husband and I made a reservation for the day after Christmas and requested for a patio seat. Luckily we did not have to wait long for one after we arrived. We must have seen the Bellagio fountains firing up at least 10 times during our dinner and every time it felt like I was watching it for the first time. It was a chilly night but the view,service and food more than made up for it.. . We were given a bread basket (lavash, focaccia and some sweet bread) along with a trio of olives and tapenade upon sitting. I could gorge on those all night but we had to save our appetite for later. Being vegetarian, we ordered the one veggie pasta they had on the menu (butternut squash ravioli) and the eggplant flatbread to share. The flatbread was super yummy and though it did not look too big it pretty much filled our stomachs up before the pasta arrived. This was good because we did not like the pasta dish all that much - it was bit too sweet for our tastes.. . The service was extremely friendly - special mention to the guy who refilled our waters. He was attentive,friendly and kept making sure that we were comfortable in the chill of the night (they have outdoor heaters but I chose to sit near the fountain where they didnt have any).. . The check for 2 for the food came to about 60 bucks. A little pricey but so worth it. Will definitely return the next time I'm in vegas (maybe for desserts since we didnttry any this time).
One of the few places that exemplify perfection. Lets leave talking about the food until the end. I have visited this establishment twice with no room for complaint. . . Ambiance:. The ambiance is breath taking. Sitting outside you get a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountain show, when the weather permits. Sitting inside is not as satisfying, it is a little dark and subdued. If you are looking for romantic the outside patio is incomparable. The wait staff is friendly and professional. One more thing I must add is that this is a good place for lunch because if you do sit outside you want it to be sunny so you can get a picturesque view of the strip and "Lake Belagio". . . Food:. They bring out some very nice basket of  breads with a variety of olives and olive tapenade (hence the name olives, get it).. Items that I have tried: . Beef Carpaccio (usually always on the menu), perfectly executed. For those who are squeamish about raw food or meat, be a little adventurous it will pay off. . Lobster Risotto (seasonal) this is one of the highlights, phenomincal, comes in a light cream sauce, perfectly cooked arborio rice, with plump chunks of lobster meat. . Lamajoun Flatbread - has ground lamb on it, I know that some american palates find lamb troubling, I myself am a fan of GOOD lamb. This pizza-esque dish made for a great appetizer for four.. Ricotta Ravioli - I personally do not like ricotta on the west coast, usually it is unseasoned and flavorless, not at olives. The sauce is vivid and with the sausage crumbles, these scrumptious and al dente firm pockets of well seasoned ricotta just shine. . . Abbondanza!
Everything that people said about this place was pretty much spot on.  Definitely ask for a seat on the balcony with a view of the fountain.  I've been to Vegas more times than I can count and have seen the fountain show but something about eating good food while there.  As for the food The Fig and Prosciutto flatbread and the ricotta ravioli are can't miss choices.
We go to Olives every time we're in Vegas. Their beef carpaccio is amazing & try the Tiffany Martini. We enjoy sitting at the bar, never wait for a table. Our favorite bartenders are Chris, Ernie, Zach and Raul.
I have never had a bad meal at Olives. Great food, exceptional service, nice view of the Bellagio Fountains. It's not cheap, but worth every penny.
I was recommended to make a reservation here for the outside terrace where there is a stunning view of the Bellagio light and water show. Great recommendation.. . For three girls, we had two appetizers and split a less expensive bottle of red wine and it came to around $100 before tip. A good value for excellent food, service and a great show.. . As young girls on a budget, we chose the cheapest red wine on the menu and the server - a lovely older gentlemen was nice enough to point out that it wasn't a typical wine and doesn't have much flavor so he gave us a sample. Definitely the blandest red wine I've ever had. We were so grateful that the server was looking out for his guests rather the check average. Or at least it seemed so. So we ordered his recommendation, a wine only a few dollars more.. . As for the food - ordered the beef tartare and the fig and proscuitto flatbread. The beef tartare was very good, but the flatbread was out of this world amazing. So simple, but the ingredients went so well together.. . If you had to go to one nice restaurant while in Vegas, this one is a good bet. Excellent food, great view and show of Las Vegas and wonderful service.
Great food! Waiter was awesome great view of the fountains if you sit outside.
1. Try to get a seat outside. It's really pretty, especially at night, and you can see the Bellagio water show.. . 2. The beef carpaccio is amazing. It was my first "most memorable food experience." Since then, I've been to Mastro's... so this is probably my second most memorable food experience. It's wonderful. The beef carpaccio here is better than the carpaccio I had in Italy :O They let you order this as an entree too, but it's much more of an appetizer type food in my opinion.. . 3. Their French fries are pretty awesome too... I love fries so that's a big deal lol. . 4. I had a braised short rib entree once and it just melted in my mouth. I think I was pretty speechless and silent throughout the course of the meal, which thoroughly shocked my friends because I talk a lot LOL. . 5. The kebab appetizer is pretty good too! The chicken and beef were both really flavorful. This was a pleasant surprise because I didn't really want to order it, but my boyfriend pulled a coup and ordered it anyways LOL. . All in all, I have a soft spot for this place because of 2. It really made me happy after eating here. So ultimately I bumped their 4.5 to a 5 :)
Absolutely fabulous food from starters to finish.  For a veggie girl and a carnivorous boy...this restaurant had it all.  In fact, he was picking off of my plate.  The tapenade was divine and could be a meal in itself.  We started with the eggplant flatbread and had to stop ourselves for fear of spoiling our appetite.  I had the butternut squash ravioli which is raved about on Yelp and for good reason...so velvety and rich.. . Olives is Vegas without feeling pretentious.  We'll definitely be back again.
This was one of the most enjoyable meals of my entire life.  Sitting along the beautiful Bellagio fountains, and with an incredible menu of temptations, how could we miss?. . Lets start with the drink menu.  Long, really long, and lots of interesting choices.  I went with their 18K drink, a mix of Grey Goose LOrange and various other ingredients, just perfect.. . My entree was an unbelievable cut of Salmon paired with a delicate risotto.  The presentation and taste was divine.  I almost licked the plate.. . Dessert was a must, and I went with a chocolate lave cake.  It was brought out just as the fountains began to dance for us!  So sweet, rich, and perfect.. . Service is wonderful, and very knowledgable.  Go ahead, splurge on Olives, you won't regret it!
Fantastic food, service and decor. The porterhouse is for two and is delicious.
Made a reservation for Valentine's Day 2013 via email with the help of Olive's general manager, Kendra Arroyo.   I was impressed her quick replies and courteousness throughout the back and forth communication.  The highlight of eating at this restaurant is the patio seating with a view of the Bellagio Fountains, but I was told by Kendra  that patio seating is not guaranteed until the day of the reservation.  Ok, fair enough.  We got to the restaurant about 30 minutes early and was told by the host to stand in line to the side for patio seating privileges.  Luckily, we got there 30 minutes early!  The line was out the door by the time our 7pm reservation came around!  We got patio primo seating!  Watching the water danced to the music was beautiful. Better than standing with the hoi polloi on LV Blvd.  :) Service was exceptional.  Our waiter was very attentive and knowledgeable. Wine list was presented on an iPad.  A sommelier was walking around and ready to answer all your wine questions.  Food was excellent, despite the small portions.  A definite must is you're in Vegas!
When you talk about a dining experience, it gets no better in Vegas than Olives! From the Martinis, appetizers, entrees, and desserts, it stands above the rest. Set in a relaxing atmosphere overlooking the fountain. Mixed with a staff that remembers faces and names always. You can't go wrong in Vegas
My wife and I had a very pleasant dining experience here and made dinner reservation through Open Table. Upon checking in, we were promptly seated at our reserved time. I really appreciate that they honored my request to be seated outside, on the patio, as we had a great view of the Bellagio water show while we dined. I also appreciate that they have taken notice to the comment I had left on Open Table that we there to celebrate my wife's birthday. To our surprise, they brought out a special little birthday dessert towards the end of our dinner service.. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=Zt2T-QknvZbfBb__KMYDKw. . After being seated at our table, they left us with an iPad that was an interactive wine/cocktail menu, which I thought was pretty nifty and cool. After ordering cocktails, we started with the Tuna Tartare, and it was nicely flavorful of fresh tuna. For the entrees, we went with our waiter's recommendation. My wife went with the Sea Scallops which was delicious, and I went with the Pan Seared Northern Halibut. My halibut was exactly as our waiter had described it would taste, and everything from the fish to the bed of risotto it sat on was outstanding.. . Tuna Tartare: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=5Hrez-r5YEVrIq2g1SmCDw. . Sea Scallops: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=soHdUh_514gHA79oLN334w. . Pan Seared Northern Halibut: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=Bmk8WNWpZiirNBmAqDclAg. . All around service was superb, particularly our waiter. He was very attentive and checked on us often, yet we never felt like we were being rushed. He was even polite enough to offer to take a photo of us together with a glimpse of the water show behind us. I am very pleased with the level of service Olive's was able to provide my wife and I on her special day.
Apple and fennel salad was perfect with walnuts, goat cheese, onions tangerines and champagne vinaigrette, Sonoma rabbit duo was DELICIOUS. I inhaled the quartered leg, and realized I was too full to even work on the asparagus stuffed part. That ended up being my lunch the next day, and it was still awesome., slice of life cocktail was absolutely refreshing and I probably could have had at least 2 more if I hadn't realized the alcohol taking its effect. Was way too full for desert. There's always next time.. . Definitely will try to make reservations next time outside to sit behind the Bellagio fountains.
Very good experience here. Our waiter was very nice, and meal was delicious. My friend got the salmon and it was perfectly served, and my lobster pasta was great. Beautiful view of the Bellagio water display!
The best food you will ever eat! The Carpaccio will blow your mind and if you have room for the main course.... Go butternut squash all the way or better yet another round of carpaccio. If you want the best bang for your buck go for lunch and ask for Joy! it's not as busy, they have more time just to work on your order rather than being in the middle of madness and Joy, well she's exactly that a Joy. The best thing about this combination is you will get a taste of what Vegas used to be. First class service, first class food and you are the V.I.P. wether your spending $30 or $3,000. If you have a problem she will move mountains to fix it, she goes out of her way to make you feel welcome and most importantly she lives by the old Vegas mantra 'the customer is always right and priority one'. If your from out of town the experience will make your trip and if your a local you can't help but come back for more and you might just meet a true Vegas contact and friend. Don't forget the carpaccio and raise a glass to the good old days. .        Quick tip if you don't want to walk through the casino, the Bellagio has a valet side entrance right on Flamingo and the restaurant is in the door to your left go down I think about three or four shops and it is there on your right, but if your visiting take the main parking in, go through taking the larger walk ways until you get to the shops and then on your way out rather than going left to parking go right and you go directly into the atrium. It doesn't cost any money but it costs the casino millions it is absolutely gorgeous and a ton of work, it always seems to amaze. They change out the theme every month or so depending on the time of year. Hope this is helpful
Seating in patio is worth yhe wait....an inside view of the fountains is to die fir.....
If you don't know by now, you need reservations in Vegas, especially good places in touristy areas.  My favorite thing here that i get all the time is the mussels.  The sauce would be the most amazing soup broth.  Wine choices here are great.  Service here has actually always been on par with how busy it always is.  Views of the Bellagio fountains is really nice.
I heart this place like no other in vegas..... . I - hello- Got your attention?  YEAH I LOVE THIS PLACE.. . Its costly...Come on...its in the Bellagio...You expecting K-mart prices?    No blue light special here dears.  But they have the best drinks in vegas...THE BEST.  The slingback is my favorite by far.  My family knows that if you end up in vegas with us...you will end up here atleast one night....if not at the bar several nights.. . Love it.  Services has always been good, food is always good.  Love it.
Sat at the bar for dinner, twice in our 4 day trip. Never had to bother with a reservation for 2 cause you are allowed wait around until a seat opens up. So basically you wait only 15 min. for 2 seats since most at the bar are waiting for their reservations.. The chicken/watercress dish was very good, I chose it for both dinners. The Lolla Rosa salad was really nice and different. Their slingback, bellini and lemon drop were all very good and I was never cheated on the amount of liquor. I actually watched them pour drinks for least 4 hours and I don't know how it is even possible to have one with "barely any liquor" as some have previously stated. Anyway, will be back our next trip!. . P.s. Agree with other comments on the hostess stand. The 3 standing up there were kind of blank faced or trying to ignore when I asked them if we could wait around bar while something opened up. They almost seemed to not care to answer. Definitely not polite.
Order the fig flat bread! Also enjoyed the scallops.  I don't know if there's a more enjoyable , consistent place to dine in Vegas!
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!. . Great ambiance!  Great service! Great food!. . The marinated olives were a lovely starting point.. . I ordered the Chilean sea bass and it was great!  I tried my friends steak and it honestly melted in my mouth.  We had two bottles of wine at dinner and both were fabulous.
We've had a really nice experience last night at this restaurant. The food was perfect-worth every penny. I've tried the most amazing raspberry souffle in my life!!!! It just melted in your mouth. The restaurant's atmosphere is dynamic and loud, so if you are looking for something more quite and private, this is not your place to be at. But we didn't mind that. Chose not to sit on the patio since it was 95 degrees, and I like to enjoy my food at a cooler temperature.
We were on our way to dinner and stopped here for a quick drink.  I am a huge fan of blue cheese stuffed olives - I'm very particular when it comes to them because they really make or break the martini.  Todd English does not dissapoint.  They have the most amazing blue cheese stuffed olives that are served on a sprig of rosemary!  Talk about delicious is a Hendrick's gin martini!  Mmmmmm!  We plan to come here for dinner our next time in Vegas.  Great views of the Bellagio fountains!
Made dinner reservations for my bffs bachelorette and we got there exactly at the time of the reservation and they sat us right away. We sat next to the window with the beautiful view of the fountains that went off every few minutes. It was beautiful and the future bride almost cried, it's gorgeous at night. The food was amazing! I ordered the free ranged chicken and tried my friends salmon dish...btw it was the best salmon I've had in my life! Olives is a great restaurant and I am pretty sure I will be eating there next time!
One of two of my favorite restaurants in Vegas and a must stop every time I go (a couple times a year at least).  The patio is magnificent if you go there in slightly cooler times of the year like Oct or November or in the Spring before it gets too hot, and worth the wait if you have to. My other favorite restaurant in Vegas is the Thai restaurant in Aria named Lemongrass.  If you like Thai, check that one out too.
Carpaccio is great. Sea bass is a game changer.  Make reservations!
Really enjoyed the food and service.  The restaurant is in the Bellagio and you can either eat or step onto the balcony and see the fountain dance.  Such a romantic place we saw one guy get on his knee and propose on  the balcony to his girlfriend.  I had a seafood meal with mussles and clams.  Foget the exact name of it, but it was topped with pasta and was wonderful  I usually am disappointed with those kind of meals because most restaurants will throw in a few clams and mussels and call it a meal.  There must have been over a dozen combined steamed shellfish in mine.  Need to make a reservation because they are booked regularly.  We ended up with a late night dinner, around 9:30, but that gave us plenty of time to enjoy the strip.
Man, I have been here a few times and each time I realize how great it is.  Loved our server, Rick.    It is awesome to sit outside, but don't be attached as there are not that many tables there.  If you get too freaky about that part, it is too bad.  The food is great, the service, love it.  I think it is wasted on some tourists because of the way most Americans eat, isn't that a bitchy thing to say?  But if you live in a city with really great chefs, you should make a reservation here.  A lot of food in Vegas is like a higher end "Olive Garden".   This place is my favorite.
I usually go here for a special occasion and it never disappoints. The food is amazing and the staff are so friendly and helpful. I would recommend asking for a table on the patio when possible as you can enjoy the Bellagio fountain show every 15 minutes while you eat. . It is a little more expensive but worth it, the atmosphere, the food and the drinks make a visit here very special.. So far I would recommend everything that I have tried, which includes the scallops, the sirloin steak and the chicken. The truffle mac and cheese extra is a must have. Cocktails are good value, and they are strong so would really only have one or two. . . This spot is great whether your with a group or looking for a romantic, intimate meal. . (also you can reserve tables online at the Bellagio website, very convenient)
This is hands down one of the best places in Vegas.  I felt the need to write this review based on a recent one that stated the carpaccio was bad.  It is one of the best things you will EVER eat!  We order it every time we go to Olives and always wonder at its deliciousness.  The crispy moist polenta cake hiding underneath, pairs perfectly with the cool tender slices of delicious raw sirloin skirted seductively over the huge plate.  The warm cipollini onions dance around the perimeter begging to be adorned with a drizzle of the 2 amazing aiolis showered rapturously from above.  The piquant baby arugula teases the palate giving just a slight bitterness that balances the richness of the dish.  Well, at least we like it... everyone has a different palate!.  The bartenders here are the best!  We always go and have lunch at the bar with Joe, who has worked here for quite a while... a charming service pro is he.  .  Other lunch favorites are any of the amazing flatbreads, the squash pasta, or the spinach ricotta ravioli.  We think that the food is exceptional.  Sitting outside to watch the fountains seems to be a priority for most, but we are happy to sit inside at the bar with Joe and enjoy a delightful meal every time..  Thanks for some great memories, Olives!  See you soon!
The steaks are one of the best!  It's a little bit expensive, but i would say it's worth the money.
Amazing brunch here yesterday, Tuna Carpaccio, seared Sea Scallops, and stuffed Prawns were our choices along with Bloody Marys, Chablis, and Espresso Martinis = HEAVEN. Service was excellent as well as the views of the water show. It is a must visit.
We went to Olives on our last night in Vegas.  We were lucky enough to get a table outside without a reservation.  It seemed to be first come, first served, and we were there at about 20 mins before the restaurant opened, second in line.  Wooo perfect timing!. . The view was amazing.  Although, be warned that if the winds are high, then you might get a bit of spray from the fountains.. . The food was the best I've ever had in Vegas, and I've done my fair share of eating there!   They bring out an assortment of breads and spreads, and olives.  Super tasty.. . We got an appetizer, the special that night was a heirloom tomato salad.  It was huge, definitely enough to share for 2 people.  . . I had the salmon for dinner, and wow.  It was cooked perfectly!. . Definitely want to make another stop back through here when we go back to Vegas next.
Had a lovely birthday dinner here with my husband and friends.  We made reservations for 7pm.  Seated right away.  Sometimes at fancier restaurants you aren't seated immediately even though you have reservations.  They brought us out to the patio that overlooked the fountains. It was great to see the dancing fountains throughout dinner.  What a fantastic place for dinner!  Even though it was July, the sun was just going down and it was pretty comfortable outside.  . . I know I usually don't dine at places like this except for special occasions, but they brought out the drink menu on an iPad!  I was impressed.  You just tap on the mixed drink and it would tell you what the ingredients were.  It was great to see technology making it's way into menus.  (Plus I love apple products). . We ordered from the Prix Fixe menu.  This runs $55 per person and $20 more if you'd like the wine paring.  I started with the grilled shrimp skewers and pineapple salad.  Absolutely delightful!  The salad was so light and refreshing.  The shrimp had a fabulous flavor that definitely hit the spot!. . My entree was the gilled Alaskan Halibut over mushrooms with fennel potatoes.  OH MY GOSH!  Very delicious! So far my bday dinner was perfect!. . For dessert I had the pineapple lime cake with coconut ice cream.  Not too sweet and very light cake.  A great treat for the end of my meal...  or so I thought!. . For my birthday they brought out 4 cream puffs drizzled inchocolate with Happy Birthday written on the plate.  They were incredible!  And yes I shared...  :-)
ABSOLUTLY AMAZING!! My partner and I went in for our 5th year anniversary/marriage proposal and Nicole/Daniella/Joel(server) were outstanding!! They assisted us in making a night to remember. They all went out of their busy way to make our night a special one and they definately did. The food was amazing as well, prime beef tenderloin was so tender I didn't even need the steak knife and scallops was cooked perfectly. Decor was great, very comfortable and patio seating was great. We will return for more great memories.
Awesome restaurant at Bellagio!!! Came here for lunch hoping to have some foie gras based on the reviews I read, but was told that they only serve it for dinner. While being seated the server told us that the chef was willing to accommodate us and serve us foie gras for lunch. Perfectly prepared and very good foie gras. We also got beef carpaccio which was very fresh and a very large portion. The prosciutto and fig flat bread was also wonderful.The least remarkable but good dish was the squid and octopus. The table we got overlooked the fountains. Great overall service, atmosphere and most importantly food.
I love this place.  I've been here 3 different times now; the last one being on my birthday with a group of friends.  The food is always fabulous, esp the carpaccio (which I order every time to share), but even better is the service!  Our server even brought out a birthday plate of profiterales for me :)  The rest of my party on my last visit ordered everything from scallops to flatbread and all were raved about.  Try to get a table outside, of course, because you can watch the fountain show while you dine.  Love it!
I have eaten here several times and I always get the steak and if they have octopus on  the menu I'm all over it.
I've heard about Olives for years and finally came here for my girl's Bachelorette dinner. This is her favorite place in vegas and now I understand why! Amazing food with amazing view!. . We reserved the window side table with the view of the bellagio fountain! It was absolutely a stunning view with the fountain in the background while you dine!. . Must try:. - Beef carpaccio - I'm a sucker for carpaccio. This carpaccio definitely is number 1 on my list! Gorgonzola rosti cake at the bottom of the thin sliced huge pieces of tender beef, perfect amount of parmesan cheese, cipollini onions with the touch of balsamic reduction. HUGE portion!. - Tuna tartare - it's not my favorite, the portion is much smaller. it's refreshing but too gingery for my taste.  . - Crazy mushroom pappardelle - 4 of our party ordered the same pasta! That should tell you something! king trumpet, shiitake, oyster & crimini mushrooms, english peas, piquillo peppers,parmesan cream, truffle essence, lemony pea shoots... truffle makes this pasta so much more flavorful (yes, I'm a truffle person, I mean, who isn't?!). - Sea Scallops - truffle whipped yukon potatoes, sauteed sea beans, cabernet reduction. The scallops are almost palm sized, the truffle whipped potatoes are delicious with the delicate scallops. The sea beans are top of the scallops are very interesting, never had it before but it adds a crunch/texture to the dish!. - chocolate hazelnut souffle  - we were told that the portion is small, it's actually decent for everyone to have a few bites! It is delicious! perfectly puffed up souffle with creamy chocolate hazelnut inside. Who wouldn't love it?. . Service - we had an amazing service, even though they were really busy but our waitress was super attentive and kind :). . We watched about 5-6 times of the fountain show, it doesn't get old at all! 5 stars for the food, the view and the experience! Hope you will have the same experience we did! . . Bon appetit! xoxo
This place has 5 star service and 5 star food!. . I ordered the Free Range Chicken, soooo good! I ate 3/4th of my meal already but i noticed my chicken breast came out really dry. I let them know and they made a new one for me, within like 5 mins they plated a  new one on its own, and cooked perfectly. . . During the appetizers I couldn't eat the bread so they brought me a side of carrots and cucumbers so I can enjoy the olive dip. Get CHRIS as your server he's bitchin!!
I'll be honest - I was not expecting much from Olives. I realize its allure of being next to the Bellagio fountains puts it quite high on people's lists, but for some reason I was thinking, "Maybe that's the ONLY reason people come here." I had doubts about quality of food, service, etc. I was proven wrong.. . ** Review is for LVRW2013 Menu **. . My friend and I made a reservation for Olives at 11:30 AM on Wednesday during Restaurant Week. When we arrived the restaurant was just about empty with only a few patrons. It helps to get there before the true lunch rush, as you can spend a majority of your dining time without other tables seated around you.. . The interior of Olives is pleasing, classy, nothing over the top. The chairs and tables are clean, minimalist, and yet, classic. I cannot say anything about the outside by the fountains, because being that it has been muggy and humid in Vegas my friend and I chose to dine inside.. . Our server was immaculate, courteous, and I could tell he enjoyed working there. He was also extremely willing to go out of his way for us (more on that later).. . Let's get into the meat of the matter, the food.. . Foie Gras - The foie gras is not on the lunch menu as my friend and I came to find out as we looked for it to no avail. We inquired, and our server, seeing as we were quite interested in having the plate, very kindly asked the chef if it would be possible for us to have a plate of the foie gras. Lucky for us, the chef was willing to oblige, which I must say I am very thankful for because the presentation and tastes of this foie gras was superior to many I have had in the past. Ours was prepared just perfectly seared, with a jam/compote of peaches and a bit of apples underneath. It was magnificent, and slightly different from the dinner option. . . LVRW Starters. . I had the Caprese Tart (flatbread) for my starter, and it is BIG. Much bigger than I was expecting. It is presented on what looks to be a wooden cutting board (or more likely what they take it out of the oven with). This particular menu item I believe is only on the RW2013 menu as I searched the website and it was not on their online menu. Never the less it was crispy perfect, the cheese and tomatoes were melded together and it was not overly indulgent. . . My main meal was the Grilled Skirt Steak (medium well), although I thought the meat was more on the medium side. The grilling process they use here made the meat have quite a crispy exterior and a barely-cooked inside. It wasn't bloody, but it was on the verge. Fortunately I like my meat either way and rarely send back steak unless it is moo'ing at me. Meat was somewhat tough, but still good. I just was not a fan of the charred taste on the outside. It came with an extremely hearty sausage mashed potatoes (delicious! but almost too much!), and probably THE BEST brussel sprouts I have ever eaten! Just absolutely mouth watering. Who says that about brussel sprouts?. . Last, a trio of fresh sorbets to end my meal. Dainty, yet fruity, with frozen strawberries, raspberries, and blueberries. A perfect end to my meal. . . Overall I would absolutely go back to Olives. The food and service exceeded my expectations greatly. Much respect to this restaurant, they are living up to their name and their prices.
Ate here at 08/21/13 - Wednesday evening. Our reservation was for 7:30pm. We got there and requested a table on the outside patio and were seated after only a 5 minute wait. The table wasn't at the front of the patio unfortunately and was quite far back but to say we were seated almost immediately I was in no position to complain. We still managed to have a lovely (if not fairly obscured) view of the strip and bellagio fountains. I managed to walk up to the front to get a bit closer before paying the bill and I got a good view and some nice pictures. . . The food it's self was delicious. My friend and I ordered the beef carpaccio to start with and we shared it, the portion was very large for a starter and the taste was amazing. Then for main course we also both ordered the butternut squash ravioli. This also was impeccable in taste. The portion size wasn't enormous but it was enough to say we had a fairly large starter, I left a couple of pieces of pasta as I was so full and couldn't manage any more. I wish I could have managed dessert as I can imagine it would be just as delicious as the other two courses but we just couldn't eat any more. I suppose it didn't help that we started our meal not very hungry initially from having a huge lunch also.. We also ordered two strawberry cheesecake cocktails and they were lovely, nice and strong! . . The service was ok. Just ok. Nothing spectacular and our waiter was fairly odd, attentive but with a slight air of arrogance?? We still left a generous tip though because we had an overall pleasant experience.. . I would return here in a heartbeat. Great view, even better food!
one of my favorite restaurants EVER.  . . quality: ****. everything was cooked perfectly.  the only dish that i've ever had there that was disappointing was their lamb appetizer.  Their Foie Gras appetizer was delicious!  It was honestly better than the foie that I got from Picasso (in the Bellagio) Hands down best Foie.  Best fig and prosciutto flat bread EVER. . quantity: ****. HUGE portions.  Becareful of what you order . . Price: ****. Amazing price for the quality, portion size , ambiance and service. One of THE best deals / restaurants on the strip. we can usually get an appetizer and two entrees for under $100. . Things I've tried:. Prosciutto and fig flat bread ****. lamb appetizer**. Foie Gras appetizer ****. scallops *** (great but not out of this world good). salmon***(same as above)
I went here last night at 7 and was seated next to the window with a beautiful view of the water show. Unfortunately it was drizzling a bit so the outside patio was closed. We had a complimentary bread basket with tapenade spread. It was all delicious. I had a martini, the side car that was made of grey goose and passion fruit. It was amazing and strong. I had the sea scallops with extremely creamy mashed potatoes. Our server was great, the atmosphere was great, my food was great, and my drink was the best. I will come here again!
No better flatbread and infused Vodka on the planet.  There other items are also amazing.  We just continue going back to sitat the bar with great bar tenders and amazing service at the bar.  Just a fun and bright place in LV.  We go back there for late lunch or dinner almost everytime we are there...   Always fun, and always great service.  You really should have reservations for dinner - otherwise you will have a long wait.  However, the bar is greatness.  Enjoy!
Really good food but all the food is good at this hotel. What wowed me is the host staff. They had my party of 16 sat in a minute or two and even sat us in a lovely area of the restaurant so we can chat and  relax after walking outside  for a bit in the hot August air. BTW The Gnocchi was REALLY good!
Had lunch here today and had a very nice experience. The food was delish and service was great! Even the bread and olives they give you were delicious. We were also given a table outside with a view of the fountains. They gave us a free birthday Dessert as well. Great experience!
Our experience at olives was excellent from start to finish. I had a reservation for 5pm (to which I arrived late but got accommodated with no issues!), and was seated outside with the most amazing view to the fountain show. . We started around 5:40ish with drinks and let our waitress know we had tickets for O at 7:30. She promised she would keep track of time so we didn't have to and got us out of there with time to spare.. Their food all sounded amazing so we had a hard time picking what to eat and once our dinner arrived we were impressed with the presentation and flavor. Def worth going, we will try to go back!
I had a business dinner here and the service was top notch and the carpaccio was one of the most flavorful I've had (but not so over powering that it takes away from the beauty of tasting the beef) Prices were very fair for the quality and service received. If you are lucky enough to get a seat on the patio you can enjoy the view of the Bellagio fountains. I would reccomend the patio on cooler nights as it is very warm to sit outdoors in the summer and early fall.
Made an 11am reservation and got there early to guarantee our spot outside overlooking the fountains.  Gorgeous view.  Bread & Tapenade are a nice presentation, and help balance the martini's you should be ordering (they're fantastic).  Having been here before, I ordered the beef carpaccio (app) for my lunch.  It comes on a plate big enough to carve a christmas goose, with a small salad in the middle, highlighted by garlic aioli, scallion cream, balsamic reduction, cipollini onions, and slices of parmesan the size of the cards they use up the hall at the blackjack tables.  Hiding in the middle of the plate is a good sized portion of gorgonzola polenta.  Also enjoyed the Truffle Fries, went well with the gargantuan plate of beef.. . My wife ordered the Pulled Short Rib, which was outstanding, but maybe a little too rich and over portioned for lunch.  We both picked at it and finished less than 1/2 the plate.. . Great view (we were there on a Saturday, the fountains start going off at noon), great food.  Service left a little to be desired, but the other two aspects were good enough to make it a non-issue.
Great service, great food, great view of the Bellagio fountain... no more need be said!
My Favorite lunch spot in Vegas.  Overlooking the Bellagio Fountains so try to get a seat on the patio!!
Love it, love it, love it!  Favorite spot in Vegas.  Try a Tiffany martini and the beef carpaccio.  Osso busco is my all time fav dinner.
Service was good, Scenery is fantastic (Bellagio Water Show), Decor is elegant. Drinks we're good AND strong. I felt for the price the food could've been more flavorful and appetizing, but it definitely isn't bad, I just had high expectations. But Overall, I enjoyed my evening here.
Excellent food!  I really enjoyed it!  The service was also excellent!
I was treated to an awesome dinner here last night.  The service was outstanding and the food was incredibly delicious!  Before the server took our order, we were given a basket of yummy sweet bread with olive spread.  I couldn't get enough of the olive spread, it was so friggin good!!!  I had Butter Squash Tortellini as the main course...but before that, we had an appetizer, flat bread with Portabella  Mushrooms on the bread very tasty! While we enjoyed our dinner, I was able to see a tiny view of the fountains putting on their show!! This place would be an awesome place if you want to impress your date or anyone for that matter!
Ate her 11-25-13 for lunch and it was extravaganza for our tastebuds ..my wife was in olive bliss and my wifes ravioli sent zings through her head and mine also .I had a pasta dish that was very good and the waiter kept my tea glass full at all times and i drink very fast.. I would give this place 10 stars if i could .its off the charts as far as pasta goes and the ravioli which we planned on just being good was above and beyond what you can imagine..i have had ravioli a lot of very good restaurants and at this place you will  not be disappointed.
We had a great experience.  Service, food and view were excellent.  The bread with tapenade was delicious.  We both ordered specials, free range turkey and lamb chops, and thoroughly enjoyed.  Wish that I had room for dessert! Sabine was our server, she was very attentive.  We will definitely return.
Very good! We were not super hungry so our fabulous server Stephanie suggested we share the Carpaccio. GREAT Recommendation! Wine was perfectly paired, and she made sure we were all paid and out the door in time for our show. Highly recommended.
First things first, do not eat a buffet for lunch hoping to still be hungry for Olives by 6PM! Major fail.... . Since we were still relatively full from lunch, we opted to wait an additional 45mins to be seated by the window where we could enjoy the Bellagio Fountain Water show. . . We were promptly seated at 6:45PM. Three different servers asked us if they could get us something to drink. It was a bit confusing because we didn't know who was our actual server for the night, but felt nice to be acknowledged.. . My fiance and I ordered a glass of wine each and then went for the Hudson Valley foie gras appetizer and Boston Bibb salad. Both were delicious. The foie gras melted in my mouth and I wished we had a larger piece of it. The salad had a nice mix of greens and the dressing was very tasty.. . Since we are fatties, we continued on to order our entrees. We decided to share the fig and prosciutto flatbread and sea scallops.. . The prosciutto was so thin and decadent and paired wonderfully with the fig. The scallops were sweet and juicy. The truffle mashed potato was delicious. Every bite I could taste the truffle oil coming through and it brought out the sweetness of the scallops even more. My fiance thought the truffle oil was too overpowering and the mashed potato not lumpy enough, but I thought it was still phenomenal.. . We'll definitely come back to try the beef carpaccio and other dishes we were too full to try this time around.. . We ended the night with a perfect berry creme brulee. The berries were fresh and gave the perfect tartness to the creamy and sweet creme brulee. There were also bacon and pepper cookies on top that actually worked really well with the dessert.. . Ofcourse nothing could beat watching the water show while enjoying such a great meal! It was defiinitely worth the wait.
The restaurant has a very fancy ambiance and gnocchi is very good! Malbec follows it nicely and smooth. The view to Bellagio fountains is a great feature.
Excellent food and great service! I love the atmosphere, especially the view overlooking Bellagio's famous water show. . . Complimentary bread and tapenade was delicious.  Slingback martini had the right kick to it. We ordered the grilled octopus and squid, tuna tartare, and beef tartare for appetizer. Loved all of it..  . I ordered the short rib for the main course. The meat was very tender, juicy and melted in my mouth. Cooked to perfection  on top of the polenta. Mushroom risotto was also delicious, something about the dish that is so comforting. . . Overall the food was amazing and my sister who was celebrating her birthday enjoyed the food and the service.
