I needed to set up a room for "the boys" prior to my wedding, and after doing a lot of research this was the best bet.. . Pros:. -Best bang for your buck in LV, especially using AAA discount for these factors: . - Lots of space, we rented a two bed room suite (basically a connected Junior and One Bed room Suite) that gave us something like 1500 square feet for only like $300/night+tax total (weekday rate). That's crazy considering we had 4 queen beds, 3 bathrooms, a full kitchen, etc. . -Clean. -New appliances etc. -A BALCONY!!!. -Nice strip view . -Not too far from the strip, like a large block. . -Quieter than main strip hotel casinos.. . Cons:. -No Smoking, we don't smoke regularly, but when we party we like to enjoy cigars, and sadly no smoking even on the balcony :(. -There is no Casino in the hotel, you have to walk to MGM which is pretty far from all the complaining from "the boys" I heard.. -Not on the strip, so if you're in lazy mode, you will have to pay for taxi.. . Overall:. -I doubt you'll find as nice as a hotel, with rooms as large and as accommodating for the same price anywhere in Vegas that close to the strip.. -However given the above, if the room truly doesn't matter to you, you can spend the same or even less and end up on strip, but don't expect a full kitchen or nearly as large or as nice of a room.. . Anyway, in the future I will still definitely consider MGM Signature. It's a beautiful hotel. "The Boys" definitely loved it. And hell the distance thing really wasn't a factor, because we ended up using Limos all night (some free ;) from cool places like the Rhino).  . . If you're planning to party up in a room with a big group, You get a 1500 square foot suite with enough beds to sleep 8 comfortably yet still enough room to party. I highly recommend MGM Signature.
This hotel is not located right on the strip but the rooms were roomy had a nice view of the strip. Easy access to the MGM Grand through the hotel was convenient. It's a good way to stay away from the heat or cold when commuting from the Signature to the MGM Casino. Equipped with a mini kitchen too!
Stayed in a UPH (Upper Penthouse Suite / 38th floor) 1 bedroom for a couple of nights before 2010 XMAS with five people total.  Very comfortable and overall a fantastic experience.  Loved the apartment style layout.  My daughter and I played with our light-sabers on the balcony on the 38th floor, no clue if anyone saw the light show but at night they were bright so I am sure they did!. . For $150/night that included everything I found the price fantastic AND you are not stuck with the cheesy Vegas casino crap which I find irritating.. . I highly recommend staying here.
Stayed for 2 days in one of their one-bedroom two bathroom suites on the 22nd floor. It was still pretty spacious even when sharing the room with seven  people. I wasn't too amazed by the view from the balcony. Unless you want to drive yourselves or walk, getting to the monorail takes a good amount of walking just to get to the station, or out of the hotel even. The people that work at valet are very courteous and helpful.. . Also, WIFI sucks. You guys can try what the guy suggested below, and complain about it and get a refund of about $60.
I'm a big fan of the Signature @ MGM Grand.  The Better Half and I spent a few days here and absolutely loved it.  Here's why:. . - Large whirlpool tubs with jets.  Very relaxing, nice touch.. . - Balcony facing the Strip.  There aren't too many places in Vegas with a balcony.  We were on the 23rd floor and had a great view of the Strip.. . - Comfortable bed.  We slept well during our entire stay.. . - Kitchenette.  We didn't use it, but it is a nice amenity to have.. . - Privacy.  These towers are not attached to the MGM Grand.  There is a long walkway that connects it to the property.  Each tower has it's own swimming pool and there is a small lounge in the Tower we stayed in, which was the center tower.  There is also a private valet entrance for each tower.. . - 1st class treatment.  We were treated well by every employee.  They helped make our stay pleasant.. . Return Factor - 90%
I love staying here whenever I'm in Vegas. The kitchenette and the balcony really set this place a part from any other place on the strip.. . I travel to Las Vegas monthly for work and always stay here at the MGM Signature. its bad enough that it gets really costly to eat out all meals while youre in Vegas, coupled with someone like myself who tries to eat healthily, it can be difficult. However with the full kitchenette in the Siganture Suite, i usually bring food from home which i then cook or just simply microwave up. Its saves time, money and calories.. . The Signature also had 2 gyms located in tower 1 and tower 2. If you combine both of these fitness rooms together, they are pretty big and actually remind me a lot of some hotel gyms that charge for local membership like the Shangri-La in Manila. In short its a very much above average fitness center for a hotel.. . The bathroom can also help you get much R&R with its flatsceen TV that is easily viewed from the enormous whirlpool tub.. . In short...my home away from home is the Signature
Absolutely love it here! I liked how it was private and there is no casino. It is a quieter hotel than others ones. There is 3 towers here, but we stayed stayed in tower 2.. . Service was AWESOME. Always someone there to open the doors at night time, much less during daytime since it is slow. We had a lot of luggage and dropped like 1 and the maid helped us. Very nice of her.. . Also we drove our car, so there is always valet to park your car. You have to wait a while for them to bring the car to you since its underground.. . Our Junior suite with the King bed was really nice. Loved how there is a kitchen with all your cooking needs like forks, pots, plates, spoons, and etc. You get a fridge, a sink, and  the best thing is you don't need to wash the plates! The maid had to wash all our dirty plates....But we tipped a lot more than usual.  This suite was very convenient.. . We even ordered late night in-room dining. We ordered about 4 plates of food for 2 nights in a row for about $80 each night. Food is good/decent to soak up the alcohol you have drank all night. The food came pretty fast, or maybe i was still buzzing.... . Bed was very comfortable. There is two sinks in the bathroom with another door to the toilet. They got a pull-out couch bed and a jacuzzi.. . It was nice that we were given a late-check out since we called them. We accidentally slept till 10:30 and our check out time was 11. They gave us till 12, but we went a little pass that time.. . There is taxi even though you don't see any outside the hotel. We thought there is no taxis to take. You just let them know you want taxi. Taxi comes really fast.. . I would totally recommend this hotel and would come back again.
Hands down the best value in Las Vegas! There is no casino, but it's connected to the MGM so you get the best of both worlds. The valet is awesome and having the off-strip entrance is very convenient. I've stayed in the one bedroom and the studio, both are nice but if you have two or more people I think the one bedroom is well worth it. The kitchens inside are modern and look great. The beds are very comfortable as well! The only time I don't stay here when in Vegas is if I'm in a big group that wants to stay somewhere else.
THIS HOTEL IS THE SHIT! . . Would give it 4.5 stars if i could because it is a bit far from the strip. The walk from Tower 2 to MGM Grand was ridiculously long...if it wasn't for the moving walk ramps....my feet would still be hurting right now.. . For $20, you get unlimited water and lots of amenities that you'd usually have to pay for. We had a suite with a FULL kitchen with stove, microwave toaster, blender and lots of kitchen ware. I LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel!!!. . Got the hotel via an Expedia package (flight from NYC and hotel for $450...a steal, honestly).. . There is so much room in this suite and a huge flat screen TV and a smaller TV in the restroom. The jacuzzi tub is FREAKING awesome. After a long day of walking in heels, we dipped our swollen toes into the tub, turned on the water jets and relaxed into oblivion. . . There are buttons to request room service while we're gone. And there are buttons for the curtains!!! I love that I do not have to put too much effort into being comfortable here. The bed is much more comfortable than the regular MGM Grand rooms. And for $30 extra, you get to upgrade your room to a one bedroom suite for the entire weekend. FREAKING AWESOME!!!. . ANYHOO, THANK YOU SIGNATURE MGM GRAND. WE WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK!!!
If this place wasn't just a little off the strip, it would be hands down the best hotel for the money in Vegas.. . Our room came with standard amenities at a nice hotel: big flat screen TV, refrigerator, microwave, stove, huge closet, huge shower, huge jacuzzi tub, huge bathroom, huge everything!  The room was very clean and very modern.  I heard that every room comes with a king size bed, and I think every room has a huge shower in addition to a jacuzzi/hot tub.. . Great lighting for the whole room, including dimmers for just about everything.  The art on the wall is interesting, but not distracting. . . They definitely pay attention to the details here.  The house keeping not only did the usual of replacing towels, making beds, etc, but they also organized my (my wife's) toiletries!  If only that happened every afternoon at home!  Iknow this is standard at nice hotels, but it was good to see that the Signature was following through.. . All in all the staff were very helpful and friendly.  I felt at ease that I'd never have any difficulties with the hotel.. . I recommend staying in tower 1 if you can--it has the Starbucks and is closest to the MGM Grand.
What I hate about Vegas hotel is walking through the crowded casinos with the lingering smell of smoke and bad perfume/cologne. The Signature has its own private drive way entrance and separate valet service for each building. Which is another thing i hate about Vegas... why does it take 20-30 mins to get your car out of valet? At the Signature the longest I had to wait was 10 mins. . . The Check in process into the Signature was a breeze because each building has its own front desk. We stayed in the one-bedroom suite which has 2 full bathrooms, separate living room, and kitchen! The one-bedroom suite can easily fit 4 people comfortably. Easily my favorite hotel in Vegas.
Experience the much quieter side of Vegas. But just because it's more tame than the expected rowdiness of Sin City, doesn't mean it's not just as enjoyable. Lavishing details decorate every inch of this building. All rooms are suites, fully furnished with queen to king sized beds, queen sofa pullouts, kitchenettes, and sizable bathrooms that can be a bedroom in itself. . . Perfect for large groups who need a place to crash, but not willing to spend a large buck. The connecting junior suite and one bedroom suite can fit a group of 8-10 comfortably. Best part is, the one bedroom has an extra bathroom, so that gives you 3 bathrooms total. A much needed essential if you're going with a group of gal pals. Also included is a full sized kitchen with stove, oven, and microwave fully stocked with cooking utensils in case you decide to eat in. Prices per night are extremely affordable, especially if split between a few friends. It's also the one hotel on the strip closest to the airport, so the taxi ride is a few bucks cheaper. Directly connected to MGM Grand, it's easily accessible to the rest of the casinos. . . Service here is impeccable. Even the parking lot/main entrance is gated off by a guard, so it provides a sense of privacy and security. It's strictly a hotel with just suites/condos, so you'll have to trek on over to MGM Grand for the gambling and restaurants. Request to stay in tower 1 if you don't want to walk a long mile to get to the casino grounds.
The room was huge!  Largest upgrade on a one bedroom.  We had the 965 sq ft suite with a full size kitchen, 2 bathrooms, and a balcony!  Corner view on the 36th floor fantastic!   Flat screen tv's and lots of closet and drawer space for my friends and I.  The jacuzzi bath was the best!!!!   My only suggestion is for them to put hooks on the bathroom doors to hang the robes they provide!!!   Starbucks right downstairs.  Perfect suite our first girl's trip to Vegas!
This is just one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in for the price.  I can tell you that I paid less than 100 per night and it was awesome.  The bathroom was so big and so nice.  I think I took like 10 baths while I was there because the tub was so big and nice.  The bed was soft and warm.  Nice kitchen area and big overall room.  This has to be the best value I've ever gotten for my money.
We had a penthouse while we stayed here and I looooved it! 3 full bathrooms come in handy when you have 10 ladies staying in the same place. Full kitchen would have came in handy if we were there longer. You could walk to the MGM without having to go out in the cold, or in the summer the hot sun! Great location.
I stayed here with my sister for a girls trip. Our friends stayed at Hard Rock which of course has a totally different vibe. At Hard Rock, they had a view of a parking garage; we had a great suite on the 23rd floor. The room was extraordinarily clean, and although we didn't use the kitchenette it was nice to have just in case. The bathroom was huge and great for two people to share. My sister said the pullout bed wasn't the best but not horrible.. . We stayed in Tower 3, which is really a hike to MGM Grand via their attached walkway. If I had a choice again I would have requested Tower 1. Also note that late at night Tower 3 doesn't have staff in the lobby, so if you need anything you will have to go to Tower 2 or Tower 1. . . We also sat out by the pool, which was very nice, and walked by the fitness center, which would have been an added bonus if we were so inclined to work out on vacation. Cabs were very easy to get as they arrived less than 5 minutes after the hotel called them for you.. . Overall, a great stay.
absolutely perfect!. BEST staff ever!!!...attentive, kind,professional and hard working!. we stay her a few times a year now and is always our first choice when in vegas for 3 or more days.. beautiful facility and super comfy rooms.. simply the best.
Stayed in a junior suite on the fourth floor. Huge bathtub, good sized shower, mini kitchen with microwave, coffee maker, sink, blender, cups, cookware, stove, king sized bed, desk, table, couch, wide screen plasma, dvd player, iPod alarm clock, dual bathroom sinks. Stay was my favorite in Vegas. Not pricey like the Wynn or anything. At first the walk from Signature to the Casino in MGM seems long, but after the first time, it becomes a breeze. The Pool was nice and the jacuzzi was great. Great help at the front desk and the house keeping was prompt and did a great job. I would absolutely stay there again! Signed up for their guestbook just in the hopes I get emailed discounts!
My second stay at the signature was off the hook.. . Every room is a suite with a jacuzzi bathtub, double sink, huge glass enclosed shower, and of course a kitchenette.. . I stayed in tower 2, which is a quick walk on a moving walkway to the MGM shops, pool area, and monorail.. . The signature has such comfortable beds and pillows. Each room is stocked with plenty of plush towels and comfortable robes. The couch pulls out into another bed incase you have guests over to your room. ;). . All parking is valet, so be prepared with change for a tip. The property is smoke free, +1 star. No casino available here, which is kind of nice for a change.
This is my home whenever I'm in Vegas.  The BF and I first came here 6 years ago when they had just opened and fell in love with the place.  We always have good service and has accommodated our request of certain lodging.  We've stayed at all types of their rooms including the Upper Penthouse level.. . We went here two weeks ago and the concierge was on the spot!  We had asked for a room that has a clear view of the City Center and man did we got it *check out my pics*.  It was beautiful even though it was windy and cold.. . I love the fact that all of the suites bathrooms has a jet tub, has a tv and stand in shower with a nice stream of water.  They also provide soaps, shampoos, etc that smells so nice and it's not your usual one either that you can find at the surrounding hotels a.k.a. "bliss brand".  I love their soap so much that  I take them home and put the box in my drawers so that my clothes can smell like it.  Unfortunately, we missed going to Vegas last year and when we came back this year, the whole bathroom line change *waaaaaaah*. Good bye June Jacobs Spa collection..I will miss you.. . The economy has hit Sin City finally that when we checked in, we were directed to a different tower because the others were closed.  That means they've down sized the staff to cut the hours down (I also noticed this during our last day when we were getting our bags picked up from the room it took them a long time).. . Every time I come here, the decorations from the lobby is always different.  I wonder who's their designer is?  It's always sexy, subtle and comfortable with all the soft browns and golds.  You can see flowers that accentuate the mood that you want to steal their vase.. hahaha.  They have couches that you can lounge at while waiting for companions or just people watch.. . Room service is nice after you come back from partying and drinking.  I've gotten their breakfast menu ( eggs, canadian bacon with hashbrown) and I savor every bite coz it's so good and didn't really want to share with the BF.  Their food comes from the MGM Grand kitchen during the wee hours that I'm surprised it's still warm by the time it gets to my room.. . They also have free water  bottle that you can ask for if you've ran out and ask for a late housekeeping cleaning if you need your rooms cleaned or your towels changed.  Sometimes they will give you additional bathroom stuff.. . I can rant and rant about how good this place because it always delivers.  It is a little bit far from the action but it's a nice getaway from the crowd when you come home.
The wife & I stayed from 4/18 thru 4/23, first time at the Signature, went to check in and were surprised to find out we had a penthouse junior suite. Great view of the strip in building 1. The pool in bldg. 1 was closed but they were open in bldgs 2&3, nice and laid back. The staff was very friendly, valet was fast each time and the location really can't be beat. The rooms are quite and nothing to complain about. we will make this our only place to stay when in Vegas!!
I have nothing but positive reviews for this place. My wife and i were in room 26-715 tower 2 and could not get over the look,cleanliness,quality and overall feel of this place. You really do feel like your living in and experiencing a 5 star hotel. Ive been to many so called 5 star hotel/resorts but this was the first time where they actually lived up to it.Stainless steel appliances,cooking utensils,coffee mugs,dishes,cookie sheets,pot pans, even a bottle opener...they really provide a home away from home. . I should point out how clean this room was, i mean you could eat food off of the floor if you had to. Matter of fact the sofa in the room was the first and only hotel sofa i ever sat in and wanted to sit in. The bathroom was 2nd to none and i really enjoyed the tv set up while hanging out and relaxing in the jacuzzi.
My family and I stayed here on 5/2/11-5/6/11 in a junior suite room.  We had planned to upgrade, which i read on yelp, for free but the folks at the front desk said they didnt do that.  Neither did they carry any coupon booklets for specials and discounts but the thing that won me over at this hotel was the nonsmoking anywhere in the hotel.  The Signature is a sister hotel of the MGM grand and is on the same property except its behind the MGM grand and in order to get to the strip you have to walk thru the MGM grand or on E. Flamingo and or E. Tropicana.  I think the best route is thru the MGM grand casino which only takes 5 mins if your walking really fast or 10 mins if your taking your time but let me tell you by the time you've walked up and down the strip the walk back to your room feels like forever.  Especially if your coming back from gambling or partying at 3 in the morning the walk feels like its never going to end lol..      The hotel is made up of three towers which are side by side and i believe staying in tower three would have the best view of the strip.  We stayed on the 31st floor in tower 3 and the view of the strip was all that great but during the day you could see miles in to the surrounding desert.  The temperture was a nice 75 degrees during the day and about 65-70 at night.  The floor we stayed on had a nice breeze but it was still chilly even though it was May already..      The hotel staff seemed dazed and confused for the most part of our stay and although they may have seemed polite not one person smiled.  The valet people were quick and attentive but they too did not break a smile.  I understand the bull shit they probably have to deal with on a daily basis with the assholes of visitors but not everyone is an asshole so a smile wont hurt once in awhile, right?  Keep in mind that my 5 stars for the review is for the nonsmoking hotel but there were a few pet peeves that were present.  The room we stayed in had some pretty disgusting carpet and i didnt want my girls to be walking around on it bare feet so they wore thier shoes or socks.  We are from hawaii and a sign of respect in the islands is to remove your shoes at the door unless your haole then it doesnt matter either way.  On our first day out we came back to the room eight hours later to find our beds still not addressed and nothing cleaned in the room.  Later we found out that one of my girls were messing with some buttons and pressed the do not disturb button so we think thats maybe why the housekeeping didnt come.  We made sure to push the housekeeping button when we left the next day and came back to nice made beds and a clean room..      The other issue we had is no one notified us that towers 1 and 3 were closed after 6pm so you had to go to tower 2 valet.  It was a hassle for us because we had a 3 and 5 year old that were assed out from driving and walking so much so to carry them in to another building 100 yards away was a challenge.  If we were able to go to tower 3 it was only 20 ft away from the entrance to the elevator but i felt that was an inconvinience in our case.  We also had an issue with the fact we couldnt self park although it was nice to have valet we felt like we were always being rushed and having two kids it takes time to get them in and out.  Valet parking is free at every hotel and casino in Vegas so its very convinient and awesome but sometimes you dont wanna deal with the non smiling unhappy valet guys.  So remember if you book here that tower 2 is the best place to stay in because it remains open 24-7 while the other towers 1 and 3 close at 6pm.  Lastly, there was an issue with the gate entrance and you need your room key card to open the gate to get in to all three towers.  Every time we came to the gate and swipe in, but it didnt do anything and we changed the card twice through security and it still didnt work.  They give you a parking card to put on the top of your car dash board and when they see it they open it.     .      The price we got was through their website so it was pretty reasonable and the location was just right for us, too.  Unlike the MGM Grand there is no casino or gambling at the Signature and there is no smoking.  We chose the signature because we knew after goin in to 5 casino's a day with smoke filled air it was goin to be nice to end the night smoke free and allow our lungs and sinus' to recover.  I highly recommend the Signature for its peaceful and quite atmosphere.  The hotel is kept nice, clean and neat and the grounds and maintenance crew was seen at all hours cleaning 'round the clock.  We hardly saw anyone in the hall ways and there was complete silence around us but not in an eerie kind of way.  If you want to go back to a relaxing hotel after hours in the casino and not on the strip then this is the place for you.  I will continue to stay here in the future and i will recommend it to all my fellow Vegas go'ers.
I went May 24th. to May 28th. All I can say is "This Will Be My Place To Go When I Do Vegas" Period! I have been to numerous hotels on the strip this beats them all, including the Bellagio Hotel. It is affordable, classy, & professional. If You Bring your girl or Wife, she will love it...I recommend Tower Two 18th. Floor or Higher The view is awesome at night & at Dawn. The 1 Bedroom Suite is the way to go Plenty of Space, Trust Me. If you want to know more email me @ Nemis7@gmail.com for more particulars.
My husband and I are still checked in here at The Signature and I just want to pop in and say how much I LOVE this place. I chose this hotel at the recommendation of a trusted coworker. This was our first trip to Vegas and we stayed at The Signature all week. . . We ended up staying in a Junior Suite in Tower 1 and it has been the perfect little retreat for my husband and I. I am currently 18 weeks' pregnant and wanted a place that was non-smoking. The Signature is definitely a smoke-free facility and our room smelled fresh upon arrival. If you have a smoker staying with you, many rooms have a balcony where people might be able to sneak in a smoke occasionally.. . A lot of people have posted complaints about the staff, but I had a completely opposite experience. The valet guys were friendly, the front desk helpful and upgraded our room to a Strip view upon request. I found that if you approach the staff with good manners and a compliment you can usually get what you want from them. We spent our first night on the 5th floor, and after some schmoozing at the desk, I was able to get us upgraded to the penthouse level, in a room with a Strip view for the remainder of our stay.. . Our first night we ordered room service during their busiest hours and the kitchen messed the order up. They ended up comping us for the whole meal and apologized profusely. We didn't even ask them to comp us. They just offered it.  . . A couple things I wish I had known about The Signature:. . We had a decent kitchenette in the Junior Suite, complete with mini-fridge, 2-burner range, microwave, coffee maker and toaster. I found the food around The Strip nasty to eat and so terribly overpriced that I ended up cooking in the room half the time. I am not complaining about the food because let's face it--people don't go to Vegas to eat. As a Foodie, this little kitchenette added a lot of value to our stay at The Signature. It saved us a boatload of money and several stomachaches.  . . Parking is valet only. Some people don't like this type of service, so it is worth a mention. We used the valet for our Dodge Charger all week with no problems or issues. We made sure to tip the valet a few dollars each time they retrieved our car.. . Tower 1 is closer to the MGM Grand and is also considered the best of the 3 Towers. However, Tower 3 is closer to The Strip itself and the back entrance is near Planet Hollywood (on the corner of The Strip and East Harmon Ave). Keep your plans for the Strip in mind when you are checking in. It could save your feet in the end. . . If you are planning to be down at MGM, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, NY/NY then Tower 1 may be your best choice with the shortest walk.. .  If you are planning to spend more time at Planet Hollywood and the Bellagio end of things, Tower 3 may be your best choice. To get to Planet Hollywood, just walk out the back entrance and take a left up East Harmon toward the Strip.. . All in all I was very pleased with The Signature and would definitely stay here again. The Signature is the perfect little getaway for those who want to experience the quieter side of Vegas, yet still be fairly close to the action.
This was our 2nd of many stays to come! . . We have 11 girls and go every year. We combine the suite with the 1 bedroom suite and it is PERFECT for us! It's a total of 3 HUGE bathrooms, which is perfect for all the girls to get ready in.. . The balcony views are incredible and we love taking photos with the view before we go out. The kitchens are fully equipped, which is great since we always grocery shop beforearriving. . . This is a great place to feel like royalty for the weekend, and for 2 nights, we each only paid $115 and everyone was able to get a bed to sleep on.
loved it, came in the wrong way. saw the massive line for mgm, then got to the check in for signature...ah started off great.  awesome room for the price.  good service.  O and its always pretty badass seeing travis pastrana base jump off the other signature in front of our room.
Love. Love. Love.. . It's beautiful and the staff is so pleasant and helpful. The rooms are lovely and it was a pleasure to stay here!
Great place to stay when you want a break from the hustle and bustle of the Strip. No casino wrench or overly crowded lobbies. Hallways are very quiet so if you're in Vegas partying, be mindful since a lot of families stay here.. . My family used to have a time share in Tower 3 and the room was spacious with a half kitchen and large living room area. We were able to fit 6 in this room comfortably. The bathrooms in each model are HUGE. I've also stayed at a single room suite here with two bathrooms (one was a half bath), a moderate sized kitchen and a pretty big living/dining space. There were about 8 people sharing this room and everyone had more than enough leg room.. . The only downfall about staying at the Signature is the desk service, or lack thereof, if you stay at Tower 3 since the desk closes before midnight. Any kind of assistance would be directed to Tower 2, which is not too far of a walk but when you're coming back to the rooms from a night out and lost your key, walking next door is the last thing you really want to do.. . Overall I love staying here, it's very close to MGM's wet republic day party, and there is an efficient taxi service at each Tower. Really nice staff and safe environment compared to the usual Vegas accommodations.
Best place for a chill time in Vegas - its away from the crazies.. . Here you can control the noise and the traffic.  . . The rooms are very well appointed.  Attention to detail is impeccable.  We stayed in a one room family suite.  The room has two bathrooms each with a shower and the master bath has a whirlpool tub.  The master bath has his and hers sinks, a tv and washer/dryer.. . I love this place.  I will stay here again.
Awesome value for a roomy, quiet, secure place on the strip!   Stay in Tower 1 and you are just steps away from Starbucks and a 5 minute indoor walk to the MGM casino, pools and of course the 24-hr McDonald's (SCORE!).  The  valet/taxi area is separate from the regular MGM, so there is hardly ever a wait for cabs...  Talk about convenient!. . Our group of 8 booked two suites connected by a private foyer and got a sweet deal through VRBO... It worked out to be cheaper than the actual casino hotels and much more spacious.  Each suite was outfitted with a king bed and queen sleeper sofa.  The larger suite had two full baths, a separate bedroom, a full kitchen (w/ dishwasher), breakfast area, and large balcony overlooking the pool.  The smaller suite was more like a studio with one huge bathroom and kitchenette.  For our group, it was the perfect set-up.  Beds were super comfy and even the sleeper sofas were not half bad!. . I would highly recommend making MGM Signature your home base for a great Las Vegas experience, especially if you're traveling in a group!
This was great! We arrived before the normal check-in and our room wasn't ready. Rather than have us wait, they upgraded us to a suite at no additional charge. Sweet!! . . The suite was terrific, clean and stylish. The bed was sooooo comfy! There's pool access for Signature dwellers so you don't have to worry about trekking all the way through the MGM casino in your bikini.. . The Signature is tucked away behind the traditional MGM, but they're connected to you can easily walk from the Signature lobby through the MGM and directly onto the Strip.  But the parking/valet entrance is around the corner from the main road, so you don't have to sit in Strip traffic or wind your way around people walking through intersections when you arrive or when you leave.  It's thebest of both worlds!. . I would definitely stay here again :)
I had the good fortune of staying at The Signature once with a beautiful lady. It was an amazing stay, and I will definitely return. . . We arrived before the official check-in time. First of all, the place is valet-only. When the guy ran over to my car, he was polite, quick, and very friendly. It was the beginning of awesome service. I had called prior to that asking them if I could check in, and they said they might be able to accommodate me. Once we got there, they upgraded us from the regular suite to a 1-bedroom unit. It was a super nice of them to do, and I really appreciated it. Our unit, on one of the higher floors, was gorgeous. It was very modern and clean-looking, without being all techno and space-y. The main bathroom (yup! there were two!) was huge and had a huge shower, tub, and was probably bigger than my entire bedroom at home. I loved the time I spent there, and have not one complaint. When we checked out, the lady who checked us as out was the nicest... for serious. She checked us out in a minute, and even asked if we needed to print to boarding passes or anything like that for us. M'lady needed her boarding pass, so it was a nice little touch that really makes you appreciate the place more. . . In regards to the property, it's really nice. There are three towers, all of them connected to each other and to the MGM Grand. There's a walkway that takes you from the MGM Grand to the Signature, but it's not IMMEDIATELY right there. It's more of a 5-minute walk or so, which is great. It's the perfect distance from one place to the other. You're close to all the action, but far enough away to enjoy all the tranquility you want. . . There's a restaurant in one of the towers' lobby that serves quick food. I met a friend of mine there for a quick bite, and it was kinda pricey: I paid almost $40 for two breakfasts. I believe we had two orange juices, two sandwiches, and I bought a snack for later. Not that the food wasn't good, but it just seemed like too much. . . All in all, I loved this place. The service was great, the accommodations were top notch, and the location was excellent. What more could one ask for!?
Nice! My wife has a new favorite. Our room in tower 3 was VERY quiet and relaxing. The bed very comfortable. The Jr Suite is perfect for two people. Staff is very polite and helpful.. . More expensive than the typical Las Vegas rooms but well worth it!
We came with a group of friends and stayed at this hotel. There was a total of 12 of us, we had four rooms between all of us. The boyfriend and I stayed in the one bedroom suite. One of our friends stayed on the pull out sofa bed in the living room. . . If you have people staying in the living room, the full second bathroom in the front area is great. . . The bedroom was spacious and the bathroom was even more spacious. Four people could get ready at the same time, if needed in that one bathroom. I definitely used the jacuzzi tub and realized that I was taking 30 minute showers because I was watching tv at the same time. Whoops.. . The bed was the most COMFORTABLE bed I've ever slept in. I was wishing I could take it back home with us. We had a view of the pools from the balcony and our room. The blackout curtains worked wonders...at one point my boyfriend thought it was nighttime, when it was really noon.. . The full kitchen is nice. Sink, dishwasher, full sized fridge...too bad we didn't drive so we could stock up on Costco sized drinks. . . It's a quiet hotel, especially since it's not a casino hotel. It is a bit of a walk to the MGM. There is a seperate pool for this hotel, but you can go to MGM's pools as well. Starbucks is on the main level of the hotel. The staff is friendly and efficient. . . When they first opened, they were pricy. But now with The Wynn, Encore, Aria and Cosmopolitan open...they have competitive prices. I stay here everytime I come now, you definitely get more for your money.
I love this hotel. It's clean and relaxing. I love that the rooms are all like suites...being able to close off that outside door to the hallway is a big plus in being able to sleep in past 8! It was great having the individual pools by each tower. The lazy river is great, but it gets so over crowded especially by little ones. Personally, I like the distance between the towers and the MGM casino. It's nice to get in a bit of a walk to offset stuffing your face with good food and booze!
Eight reasons to stay at The Signature:. . 1. The Signature rooms are condos. Because of that, in the 1-bedroom units anyway, the master bedroom has closets, the bathroom is huge (with giant whirlpool tub & separate glass enclosed shower), you have a nice sized living room (with fold out couch) with its own bathroom/shower, and a full-sized, fully functioning kitchen (not that we're cooking up a storm when we go to Vegas). . 2. The 1-bedroom suite is HUGE (close to 900 sq ft).. 3. The entire hotel is NON-SMOKING. . 4. You walk in and the front desk and elevators are RIGHT THERE. No schlepping through miles and miles of smoky casino.. 5. The towers have their own pools;. 6. their own private gyms (with like 15 cardio, 15 Cybex machines, and free weights);. 7. and their own Starbucks. . 8. The Signature is part of the MGM, so you have access (through a short, 1 minute walkway) to their 4 pools and the lazy river. . . . If you like a larger, more luxurious room, you like breathing air and not smoke, you like quiet and privacy - but you want full access to everything the MGM has to offer - stay at The Signature. You'll love it.
If you're in Vegas and looking to stay somewhere quiet, classy and smoke free at a reasonableprice, this luxurious haven right near the strip is definitely for you.  Having the private Signature pools plus easy access to the MGM mega-pool is a super bonus.  This is not the best place to stay if you're in Vegas for a skanky bachelorette party but if you're here on business or with a family, it is perfect.  Close enough to see the insanity, far away enough to avoid getting swept up in it.
My new favorite place to stay.. My wife and I go to Vegas once or twice a year. We always try to stay somewhere different each time but we will be staying here every time for know on. The bed is sooo compfortable. It smells good everywhere, the staff is very friendly and the rooms are beyond awsome. The only thing that would make it nicer is if they got rid of the elevator music at the pool
My girlfriends and I stayed at this hotel MDW 2011. We booked it through Sotuhwest vacations, which gave us a great deal on it!. Stayed at Tower 3, which is yes the farthest from the MGM Grand but you're just walking off the calories you picked up in food or alcohol. You can request Tower 1.. The room - We stayed in a Junior suit. It has a king bed, roll out couch (which my friend said was very comfortable), kitchenette (so useful for making breakfast!), refrigerator, 2 safes, a phone and a tv in the bathroom, sitting area, and many more amenities.. The service - It was great! With house keeping everything got delivered within 10 minutes, and in abundance of what you ask. They really did go beyond to make you comfortable. When getting a cab, the valet gets them for you and there might be one of two parties before you depending on the time of the day. During the dinner rush and night time, you might have to wait around 10 minutes. When getting back, the valet always opens the door for you and even offers bottled water to you. We didn't use the front desk much, but I'm sure they give exceptional service as well.. The pool- Being girls in our twenties we didn't come to Vegas to relax or the quiet. We only went to the MGM Grand pool. One day we went to Wet Republic (which is a review on its own) that is a 21+ pool. Another day we hung out at the Grand pool. We got there around 1 p.m.on a Saturday and no chairs were available, GET THERE EARLY ON A WEEKEND! After finding somewhere to put our stuff down, we went in the lazy river. What a great concept, everyone seemed to really love it. It was full of 20 something traveling along with their (our) alcohol. I didn't go into the actual pools, but they seemed to be packed with activity as well.. . There is a 20$ a day fee charge, but you get WIFI and use of all pools in the hotels with that.. . Overall this hotel is wonderful, and is a close cab ride away from everything else.
We stayed here again for another medical convention.  The prices were great.  The room was big, bed comfy and hotel was quiet.  The pool was just big enough and the construction around the hotel had ended.  The service were received when we needed it was GREAT. Oh and I didn't use any glass wear this time...see below.
This place is great. Bright, Clean, young, Service is fab... Love this place and will go back for sure. Defo a resort for the younger crowd thats up for partying, hanging out, drinking, and having lots of fun! . . The meandering river / pool is defo worth a day... Buckets of beer (5) are $35 + tax and tip, but are so worth it, when youre having so much fun, who can put a price on that. If I go back to Vegas, I will stay here again. Its worth the LONG LONG walk to the strip :). . I've also stayed at the Venetian, which also calls for a 5 star, but, I think the MGM has the grander pool, which gives this place the edge...
I visited Las Vegas last year in September for a week (sorry I'm JUST reviewing it but here goes). I LOVE THIS HOTEL! It's a non-gaming hotel but you have access to the MGM casino from the towers so that was fine with me. The hotel smells like roses (FRESH). The decor was modern and very pristine and beautiful. The lobby restroom even had linen towels.  The rooms (we had a junior suite) are spacious and the bathroom won me over with the jacuzzi and large shower. I loved the his and her sinks (2 TVs in the bathroom) and that the toilet was in it's own separate area. The beds were plush and very comfortable and the linen smelled like the same fragrance of the lobby. The room turn down service was great, complimentary robes, and even a safe to keep your valuables. Our view of the strip was very nice (we were on the 22d floor). I even like that when we checked in, since the holiday was over, they offered to upgrade our room. When I return, I will definitely be staying there again.
The MGM Signature is one of the quieter hotels located just off the strip & conveniently located via a very long indoor walkway to MGM Grand.   We were in a junior suite for our 5 night stay.  Rooms are generously appointed with a jacuzzi tub, separate shower, a small kitchenette, bathrobes, balcony, and a pull-out sofa bed.   A coffee maker, toaster, blender, and microwave also come with the kitchenette & there is a phone and a television in the bathroom.  . . There are 3 pools, a waterfall jacuzzi, a private adults only area, an exercise room.  Room service is available 24 hours per day, albeit pricey.  A cheeseburger was $17, plus tax, service charge & delivery fee.  Other food options are dismal unless you take a 10 minute hike to MGM's food court.. . Service at this property is excellent, check in took less than 5 minutes, which is great based on other Yelp reviews of near-by properties.  We were here for a conference & some other attendees stayed at the near-by Planet Hollywood.  Guests of that property were disappointed with the hotel & wished that they had booked here for the extra $20.  I did see the rooms at Planet Hollywood and they looked cheap compared to the Signature.  . . Details in our room were not over-looked.  Beautiful artwork, including an exquisite glass vase on a glass shelf (over the bar area) granite countertops, ample storage, 3 mirrors, including a lighted make-up mirror, and ample lighting (most on dimmer switches) and plenty of storage!  I especially loved the separate door for the toilet in the bathroom, huge shower, double sinks, a quiet AC that actually kept the room near artic temp and instant on hot water!  . . Beds and linens were nice, although this property is on the bedbug registry.  :(. . I was a bit dismayed that there was no mattress cover, just a sheet on the mattress!  The only complaint?  No furniture or anything to sit on on the huge balcony overlooking the stunning Vegas lights.  Although there was a small dining room table with clunky heavy chairs!. . This place was a perfect getaway from the usually noisy busyness of the strip.  After a long day of walking, site seeing & mind boggling in-your-face "entertainment" it was a peaceful retreat where subtle details and gracious, nonintrusive service are expertly maintained.  Definitely the nicest hotel I have stayed in my frequent travels this year, albeit the only staycation in Vegas in 15.. . A word about Vegas... Huge disappointment!  The resort fees (including this one) are ridiculous and Vegas has definitely turned into something worse.  It will be a long time before I come back, for it is almost cheaper to take a European cruise.  So, I am off back to the Mediterrean next time - to see the real Eiffel Tower, Venice, Trevi Fountain, & the Pyriamids.
First Class Fun. . We don't gamble, or drink (alcohol), or do wild parties. Our hotel room even looks as neat when we leave as when we check in. That is, in most respects we are the antithesis of the Vegas strip target audience. So how do we have fun here? With ease.. . We stayed on the 24th floor of The Signature. That gave us a breathtaking balcony view overlooking the Strip, the new City Center, and the surrounding valley. Once again the service was terrific with an exceptional staff..  . Rooms in The Signature are luxurious and very comfortable. The bathroom is large enough to fit a rollaway bed if one were so inclined. It has a large glass enclosed shower, a double size whirlpool tub, double sinks, and separate room for the toilet.. . The living area has a king bed, very nice kitchenette, and a comfortable living room area. Joined by family with several grandchildren, we were all able to enjoy a good lunch together here in our Vegas oasis between outings. . . After a fun visit to Madame Tussauds and lunch back in our Signature room, we headed off to the pool. Unfortunately, the big MGM pool complex with its lazy river was just temporarily closed due to a chlorine leak. So instead we went to the sister property Mandalay Bay and swam in their sand beach pool. This new experience was also great. The Mandalay Bay pool has a wave maker and its own very nice lazy river. I taught the grandchildren how to body surf and we had a great time.
Loved it.  Never really needed to leave.  Rooms and bathrooms were very clean.  Customer service was great! great lounges.  I recommend you visit The Japanese resteraunt, centerfuge Lounge and Tabu is fun too.  Oh..and best of all.......there is a Starbucks in the hotel!  Yeayeah!
We just returned from staying here for the Christmas holiday. Loved it!  There is honestly nothing negative I can say about this place. We had a one-bedroom suite.  Beautiful.  Very spacious.  Tons of closet and drawer space all throughout the suite.  The bedroom is a good size.  The main bathroom is beautiful and very large. It has a huge jacuzzi tub, large separate shower, separate toilet area.  Flat screen TV. The bedroom has a large hidden flat screen TV inside the desk in front of the bed.  You press power on the remote and the TV rises up from inside the desk.  Pretty cool.  There is a full, gourmet kitchen.  Every utensil you will need, is there.  Blender, small coffee maker, pots, pans, serving dishes, silverware, drink pitchers, juice glasses, wine glasses...EVERYTHING!  Housekeeping washes all of your dishes everyday.  Which is really nice.. . In the main area is a 4 seater, glass dining table and a breakfast bar with two barstools.  There is a full second bathroom with a large shower.  Then in the main seating area there is a large couch that lets out into a bed and a chaise lounge chair.  There is also a good sized balcony.. . When you arrive to The Signature you must first report to a guard outside the gate. He will look up your name and find out which of the 3 towers you have been assigned to stay. Then he will let you through the very large security gates.  We stayed in Tower 3 which is the furthest tower from MGM.  There is a long walking corridor that connects all 3 towers and eventually leads into the main casino of MGM.  I didn't mind the walk but several people in my group complained and wished we had stayed in Tower 1, which is the closest tower to MGM.  Each tower has their own lobby and registration and are beautifully decorated.  . . The service was on point. Everyone from valet, front desk to housekeeping, was incredibly nice and helpful.  . . Reminder: They hold out $100 per day on your card for 'incidentals'.
Stayed here 3 nights for the Christmas Holidays.  Stayed in a 1 bedroom suite.  Would definitely stay there again.  Everything and everyone was so nice.  We were on the 4th floor but had a good view from the livingroom and bedroom windows.  Really enjoyed my stay.  TV in every room including the bathroom.   Loved the full kitchen.  Tower 3 wasn't decorated for Christmas as much as tower 1 and 2 but I still enjoyed my stay.
Holy crap, the bathroom in our suite was bigger then my bedroom at home! . Best hotel room I've ever stayed in. EVER. :D. . I booked a one bedroom balcony suite here on hotels.com for $103/night (awesome deal!) during a weekend visit in January. The suite was amazing. With about 950 sq ft it was big enough for four people and it never felt like we were in each others way because the suite has two bathrooms! One normal size bathroom (still pretty spacious) and a humongous bathroom with a shower, jacuzzi bathtub, two sinks, and a tv. My first time livin' it up in Vegas. Woot woot! =). . LOVE:. -It was really peaceful and quiet. I felt like I could get a good nights sleep because you couldn't hear any party goers outside or the noise on the strip.. -The kitchenette! Really convenient to store leftovers, and the free apple I get from the gym. -The main bed was super comfy and even the sofa bed! . -The balcony was spacious and it was great to let fresh air in. -Non smoking resort. Yay! . -The decor of the rooms and the whole hotel was really nice and modern. -Room service was quick when needed. Everything was super clean! Staff was really friendly and professional.. -Three TVs in the room. I watched TV while taking a shower for the first time. =P. -Check out was a breeze. Just needed to do it on my tv. . . They do charge a $22.50 resort fee per day of course. My total for the whole trip was about $270.  But this includes wifi (blazing fast!) and access to the fitness center (Loved! Cardio machines with personal tvs!). The fitness center is located in Tower 1 and 3. I stayed in Tower 2 and the walk between each tower is maybe a minute at the most.. . Main access to the The Signature is on Harmon Ave. It's gated and you need to tell the attendant that you are checking in. Once you get your room key, you can just swipe it at the gate to get access. I don't think there is self-parking, if there is, it looks super far. Valet is free and they get your car for you super fast. Within a few minutes. I loved not having to lug my luggage around. . . As for the walk to the MGM grand and to the Strip, it does take about 10 minutes or so. But you are inside the a covered walkway the whole time and they have people movers to assist you on most of it. I liked the walk. Helps burn off all the calories from the buffets! Definitely doable. Don't let the distance scare you. . . I really enjoyed my weekend at The Signature and will definitely be returning. LOVED IT. =)
Holy Moly.  I have to say this place is amazing.  And I have stayed at some swanky digs across this great land of ours, so I know what I'm taking about.. . We stayed here on New Years Eve and the day after.  We figured it would help our bodes not to be making the endeavor all the way back to sunny Phoenix the following day.  We got there around 1pm and instantly got a room.  We had a choice of getting a studio suite immediately on the 26th floor or waiting a little later for a balcony room to open up on a lower floor.  We took the 26th floor room that was ready to go.  We weren't going to be living in our room so we really didn't want or need a balcony.  And we wanted to drop our bags and start boozing.  It's New Year's Eve in Las Vegas for Pete's sake.. . We had a room facing west, so it faced the Planet Hollywood Towers and Las Vegas Boulevard.  Our view basically started at the Monte Carlo all the way up to the Stratosphere.  Unbelievable.  I could have stayed glued to the window looking outside all day.  Like a puppy in the window.  But I managed to wipe my nose smudge off the window and get ready to go downstairs.  It's Vegas damn it!. . Now I saw on the reviews a lot of people moaning about the walk from the towers to the MGM Grand.  Ironically, we stayed in Tower 3, which is the furthest away from the casino floor.  You have to walk through these corridors, through Tower 2, through Tower 1, then shops then casino.  And a portion of the walkways are the people mover type.  I clocked it and from Tower 3 to the casino, it took 11 minutes.  I was also walking with ladies in high heels.  So all the complainers who said it took 30 minutes were either walking a.) blindfolded b.) got lost because they are texting while walking or c.) crabwalking the route.  . . You can't go wrong with the MGM Grand casino.  You could land a 747 jumbo jet in this place. It's huge.  This place was swarming with people (so was all of greater Las Vegas) so it goes to show the recession is easing up around here.. . The best part about the room is that we brought our own food.  They have a mini refrigerator, stove top, microwave, and plenty of counter space.  There is also plenty of places to eat.  We had 6 people in the room and no one had to sit on the bed or sit on anyone's laps.  Well not until the booze started to flow.  Hee hee.  Honestly, it was a great room.  It was very nice not having to wait in line at a restaurant or overpay for casino food.  We had plenty to eat and plenty to drink.. . After breezing through multiple casinos on New Year's Eve, we stumbled out onto Las Vegas Boulevard.  Before we left MGM Grand, they had casino employees take people's drinks that were in glasses and exchange them for plastic cups.  Smart idea.  All it takes is for one drunk (cause there are none in Las Vegas to be seen) to ruin it for everyone else.  Las Vegas Metro PD had closed down Las Vegas Boulevard at 5pm to traffic and let pedestrians wander the streets.  It was a cool feeling walking down the street without the concern of being hit by an Escalade or being arrested by the po-po.  We stayed in the middle of the intersection of Tropicana Avenue and Las Vegas Boulevard at midnight and watched the fireworks shoot off the buildings.  It was freakin awesome.. . All in all, I don't usually give 5 stars to any of my reviews.  However, this one earned it.  Everyone was very friendly and had genuine smiles.  Not the fake Disneyland stuff either.  We did pay an arm and a leg for our room for New Years, but this is the City of Entertainment.  Also know that all vehicles are valet (no self parking, unless you want to park at the MGM Grand and walk with your lugguage; but you are on vacation you cheap ass: splurge a little).  Also, they charge this "resort fee" which is beginning to get my pants in a bunch (yes you all who charge this).  But most, if not all, charge this in Las Vegas, so it is what it is.. . My suggestion- Request highest floor facing Las Vegas Boulevard (west facing).  Don't spend more on a balcony- you probably won't even need it.  And bring some food with you to enjoy in the room.
We booked through Jetsetter and got a really good deal for the one bedroom suite! . . I was worried cause of all the bad reviews about booking through third parties, but our stay was still amazing. The only thing is that with Jet, your housekeeping is taken care of by them instead of the hotel and their hours end kind of early so you have to make sure that you get what you need by 4 or 5pm. Also, the jets in the jacuzzi weren't working the first night, but we called the next morning and it was fixed after housekeeping came by the next day. They don't give you as many amenities like toothbrushes, toothpaste, bathrobes, slippers, etc. and charge extra for blankets or pillows so I would give Jet itself a lower rating for that.. . Now that the negatives are out of the way, my family and I love The Signature! Gotta love the two bathrooms, jacuzzi tub, stocked kitchen, and just all the extra space. It's quiet and non-smoking, just a bit of a walk to MGM and the strip. Valet is mandatory/included, just tip :) The hotel staff were all really courteous. The room was spacious and clean. Will definitely be coming back here!
For the price, The Signature is definitely one of the better non-casino hotels off the strip.. . When making a reservation, try to book a room in Tower 1. It's closer to the strip, has the gym, the lounge, and the Starbucks.. . Check in was fast, and our luggage was sent up to the room immediately.. . In room dining was affordable, the foodcame in nice portions and tasted great.. . For the price I give everything 4.5/5 stars. We really loved the fully stocked kitchenette and large whirlpool tub. After a quick trip to the grocery store (though the bellman told us we could have groceries delivered to the hotel and room and service would send them up to our room) I was able to make steak and eggs, hash, grilled cheese sandwiches, and anything else we needed during out trip, which helped save on eating out.. . After a long night of clubbing in high heels, the whirlpool tub was the perfect cure to our aching feet. The tub looked clean when we first got there, but we had room service clean it while we were gone for good measure. While we were gone they also did our dishes, folded all our clothes left out, and left us extra towels and pillows.  . . We drove anywhere we needed to be, so valet wasn't as ideal as a parking lot would have been in terms of timing since we were in a rush the first morning (you cant call for your car to be ready before you're downstairs). However, the bellman helping us check out helped speed things up a bit by taking our ticket down with out luggage while we got ready to check out.. . I'd say this place is perfect for those who aren't planning to walk up and down the strip or gamble too much. If you want to spend more time downtown and don't plan on driving, you'll be better of booking a room downtown.
my favorite hotel in Vegas, slightly off the strip but you walk about 2-3 blocks and you're at Planet Hollywood so its really not that bad! the bathroom was amazing, glass shower, separate bathroom, a magnified and illuminated makeup mirro, the shampoo, conditioner, gel, lotion, and bar soaps are all fruity scented, which was amazing! There's even a TV in the bathroom!! but the best part? A WHIR POOL TUB, most amazing bath in the worllddd. the bed was soo comfortable, as soon as we checked in, I just laid down and fell asleep. the view was amazing, I got the pool + planet hollywood side of the strip. really pretty at night with all the lights! the staff was really helpful, when we stayed they were doing their routine checking of the fire alarms every day for a month thing? but it didn't bother us since they never came when we were in the room! I would recommend this place for people who want a non-casino hotel in Vegas (for families mainly probably + business workers).
What didn't I like about this hotel? Nothing.. What did I like? EVERYTHING!!. We stayed here last weekend and held a small wedding reception in our one bedroom suite. Everything about this place is awesome. the rooms, the bathrooms!!, the service, the valet, the bell hops, the staff. The rooms are beautifully decorated with full kitchens and high end appliances. We had a one bedroom suite with a connecting suite that combined into a huge space.. We stayed in tower 3 which is the farthest from the MGM Grand which is accessible by walking through the other 2 towers and a long passageway with moving walkways. I'm from New York and the walking didn't phase me a bit, but if you are in the casino and want to run up to your room, it is quite a schlep. That being said, the passageway was fun in the evening when it was full of people dressed up and having a good time on their way to and from the casino.. I absolutely loved this hotel and would move into that room if I could!
What do you want out of your Vegas experience?  That's what it comes down to when booking at The Signature.  Do you want noisy, party hardy, loud, smoking neighbors and atmosphere?  Go somewhere else.  It's off the strip, so it's quiet, calm and everything the strip is not.. . The rooms are very clean and quite large...stocked kitchenette, separate sitting area, giant bathroom.  We booked through Luxury Suites International (LSI) so I knew we'd be on a low floor with no view and not all the resort amenties but they tell you that...and it's $79!  If I wanted all the amenties, I'd pay the extra $100 and book through The Signature.  You have to walk about 5-7 minutes to get to the strip but for me, no problem.  I liked that trade for the quiet when I wanted to sleep.  Never even heard a neighbor.  The restaurant had a good, if pricey breakfast/lunch menu and we weren't disappointed by the food or service there.  The front desk, concierge and valets were helpful, polite and speedy.. . There are a lot of complaints about the walk to the strip and the location at the end of the strip.  All I have to say about that is do some research, people.  Look at a map, read the website.  Those points are obvious.  . . If you want a clean, large, nicely appointed room that's inexpensive and you don't mind a short walk...try The Signature.  If you want to be right on the strip or in the middle of it or if you'd like your entire trip to be a party...go somewhere else.
If you are like me and prefer your Vegas with minimal smoke, then Signature is the place for you. . . The staff is beyond friendly and the accommodations are stellar. Clean and minimalist decor in the lobby, the rooms are spacious, clean and modern. My room was Tower 3 and was a deluxe suite- studio. The bathroom featured an enormous jacuzzi tub. There was a kitchenette and I kept wishing my home was as nicely decorated.. . There is something to be said for not inhaling second hand smoke 24/7. Beware: the Delish deli is pricey! Plain bagel and small bottle of Perrier, $9. Viva Las Vegas!
Loved it!. . The main draw/benefit for me was that it's entirely non-smoking. As a New Yorker I'm not accustom the amount of second-hand smoke you're exposed to in Vegas (nor am I used to the dry-air), and having this oasis of clean air on the strip was wonderful. It was so quiet, too! We went there for our anniversary so we weren't looking for a loud party atmosphere; just a nice, relaxing, clean room with a great view and the Signature delivered for us.. . We stayed on the 27th floor of tower 3 (about as far away from MGM Grand you can get without staying in a penthouse), it took a solid 5 minutes to get to the food court near the casino and an additional 5 minutes to get out of the building. My S.O. and I walk at a brisk North Eastern pace so it may take longer for the more relaxed traveler. HOWEVER, you can easily exit to the street and take the more direct route to the strip. It actually took us less time to walk to Planet Hollywood via Harmon Ave than it took to get to New York New York through MGM. It was a lovely 60*F when we were there so we didn't mind being outside, but I can imagine the draw of the inside walk during the summer.. . The room was very comfortable, the bed was the perfect combination of firm with a pillow top. The pillows were a bit squishy for my taste, but that certainly won't ruin a trip. The kitchenette, the table, and sitting area were all perfect for 2 people for 3.5 days. The channel selection on the TV was kind of limited, but there is a dvd player and iHome in the space so you can bring your own entertainment. . . The bathroom was huge with a really nice jacuzzi tub, 2 sinks, big shower, dimmer switch for the romantically minded, and a separate WC. The TV in the bathroom was amusingly small, but that's hardly a problem. The water temperature was inconsistent- never really cold, just not quite hot enough.. . The housekeeper was also adorable, she organized all of our toiletries on little  towels when she came to clean the room. I don't know why I found that so endearing. . . The resort fee seems to vary. We agreed to $20/day when we booked through expedia, but when we went to check out it was listed twice at $25/day. They fixed it right away so no biggie, but make sure you know what rate you agreed to when you book and double check the bill when you leave. The resort fee includes use of the private pools and WiFi.
When I'm in Vegas, I'm ALLLL VIP. Which means I talk to the best of the best to get the best of the best. That saying I always contact the General Manager, Front Desk Manager and Karla (Concierge Associate) before my Vegas trips to arrange detailed room placements, restaurant reservations & any special arrangements. . . And no honey I don't get A ROOM. I get THE 1500 sqft room on the 32nd floor facing the Strip in Tower 3. Exactly how I said it...is how front desk sets the room up !!. . What I love about this hotel is the exclusiveness of it. From entering the hotel grounds via the guarded gate to the stupendous valet guys to the competent and helpful front desk & Concierge staff. Everyone greets me by my name when I see them !! There's little mistakes & errors to be made.. . The decor of all three towers are beautiful & gorgeous !! Tower 3 in my opinion is the best looking one !! It's so fancy & elegant & FIERCEEE !! On top of that, it's actually the nearest one to the Strip. LITERALLY, the Strip is a block & a half down from Tower 3. All y'all are trippin when you say it's the farthest tower from the Strip & y'all are on crack complaining the far walk to the Strip. It's only a good 10 minute walk if you do choose to walk through all 3 towers to the Strip.. . The rooms are so nice & visually pleasing to the eye !! Everything's cohesive & beautiful to look at !! I love those jacuzzis in the room !! The good thing bout the 2-bedroom soite is that there are 3 FULL bathrooms & 2 jacuzzis !! Getting ready is fast & efficient especially for the girls !! The balcony is probably one of the best things this hotel has to offer. Not a lot of hotels come standard with a balcony. Not even Encore or Palazzo !!. . The kitchens are just amazeballs !! Everything you need you got it !! Forks, spoons, blenders, sugar packets, tea & coffee, refrigerators, microwaves, toaster, oven etc. The dining table in the one-bedroom was a bit small & awkwardly placed. Didn't care for it. The kitchen is a huge money saver for those who don't want to eat out all the time. You can cook breakfast or lunch before heading out for the long fun day !!. . THE BEDS ARE HELLA COMFY !! Even the pull-out sofabed !! Trust me, I'm a Platinum Member of Marriott's & not even their beds & sofabeds are as comfortable as The Signature !! The couch I didn't care for. Was too drunk & hungover 80% of the time to even get myself on a couch.. . I always book my 1500 sqft room through the hotel itself...not through those 3rd party bullshit companies. Plus, the Signature actually offer some of the best deals on the Internet via it's own site !! With that stated, housekeeping comes easy !! No hassle, no bullshit !!. . Housekeeping always does a fantastic job of cleaning up the rooms after a night of drunken debauchery & shenanigans. We always tip them $10 per room !! You can never tip anyone enough to clean after your drunk ass !!. . If you need ANYTHING, ask Concierge !! They'll promptly send a butler up to your room to deliver the goods in this small cute shopping bag !! Amazing !!. . Bell boys are really effective & fast though I did have a little problem with them on my previous trip !! They never came !!!! Even housekeeping & Concierge had to help call but no one ever came up !! Talked to Jill (General Manager) about it and she comped us our resort fees !! . . Each tower had its own pool but I've never really took a dip in them. My boardshorts are too scandalous for a family pool =P. You can always catch me at Encore or Marquee Beach clubs during pool season !!. . I can't say enough good things about this 5 star hotel !! Service is top-notch !! Rooms are gorgeous !! Amenities are plentiful !! You can still have a getaway on your getaway here at the Signature !!
Sooooo Late with this review(again, I'm always late lol) . . I stayed at the Signature last year for my 25th birthday. Me and my boys originally booked the MGM, but were moved to Signature for an upgrade. Wow, wow,wow! . . Check in was quick, staff was extra friendly..and the rooms.. here we go. . We got two rooms one JR and one bed room. They were next to each other so that was a plus. Of course since it was my birthday, I got the big room! In total we had 3 bathrooms, which was an ultimate plus seeing as my friends are a bunch a male divas lol. Kitchen was great. We bought liquor and thanks to the blender, we were able to make our own beverages. The balcony was great as it over looked Wet Republic(see my other review). The room was very spacious. I help my own pre game party there with 8 other people including my friends. We did have security come up once, music was too loud, but not a biggie.. . I booked for MDW this year, I can't wait!
We stayed at The Signature for five nights while NASCAR was in town. I cannot fault the hotel for a darn thing. The staff was very attentive and everything we asked for was given to us with a wonderful smile. Special shout out to the valet staff that work extremely hard to park & retrieve the cars! We enjoyed the quiet atmosphere, yet it was within walking distance of the MGM Grand (with a moving walkway too!) We will return!
First Class all the way. The Signature IS the hotel I prefer to use for my Vegas trips for a number of reasons. They have excellent customer service, which is #1 in my book. From the security guard at the private entrance, the parking attendants, bell service, receptionists and room service are all excellent. Yes, there isn't a casino right when you get off the elevator but that's what I like, a nice quiet very relaxed atmosphere. It's just a short walk to the MGM casino for all the action and when your done for the day/night it's nice to leave all the noise behind and retire to an upscale room with a lot of creature comforts of home. There are 3 towers to choose from and each has their own pool. There's also a Starbucks, Cocktail Lounge and Snack Shop exclusive to the Signature Suite guests. Because it's all exclusive to Signature guests there is rarely a wait for anything. If you're looking for that premier Las Vegas experience it all starts right here at The Signature.
Stayed here recently for a work meeting that was in Vegas.. It is always a lot of trips back and forth to my car so I was looking for a place that isn't a 5 mile walk from the room to the car (like at Aria!).. Glad I tried The Signature!. Even tho it is at the MGM, it has it's own gated entrance. When you check in with the guard at the gate he will direct you to which tower your room is in.. Each tower has it's own complimentary valet parking. There is no self-park.. I'm not normally a valet parking type of guy. But at this place it works nicely.. They are really quick to get your car for you.. . I had the studio suite at a killer rate of $95 a night!?. The room was large with a small kitchenette area and a huge bathroom.. I wish I would have upgraded to the 1 bedroom suite with the balcony. I will definitely do that next time.. . It is a short walk thru an inside corridor to the MGM. . It connects right near the food court and restaurant area of the MGM which is nice if you want to walk over to get something to eat or a fro'yo.. There is also a Starbucks and cafe restaurant at the Signature.. . There is no minibar or even bottled water in the room which is a bummer, but at least there is a fridge so you can bring some water up to the room.. The $20-$25 resort fee is kinda steep too.. you have to add that into the price of the room!. . All in all... I liked this place and would go back again, especially for business or when you are in the mood for a more mellow hotel in Vegas.. I liked it much better than the Four Seasons!!
We just got back from a 3-day get-a-way to the MGM Signature for Spring Break.  This is my second time staying at the Signature, and it was just as good as I remembered.  We had two Junior Suites that we adjoined, this was perfect for my wife and I in one, and my two kids in the other (one on the bed, the other on the pullout).  We were in tower 1 which is the closest to the MGM Grand (by way of an indoor walkway).  There is a small fitness center in the lobby area, and a Starbucks too...HUGE BONUS!  The rooms were great, very nicely decorated.  Each room had a small fridge, a two-burner stove and a microwave.  The bathroom had a huge soaking/jetted tub that my kids loved.  We booked our rooms through www.bluechipvegas.com.  I've used this company before and always got great rates.  This timewas no different, $85/room, which is waaay cheaper than booking directly through the MGM.  The walk from our tower, to the MGM took about 5 minutes, which wasn't bad at all.  The thing I like most about the Signature is that there is NO SMOKING allowed, and there is no casino which equals peace and quiet!  The Signature is a great hotel, it's much less than comparable hotels (Bellagio, Mandalay, etc.), and it's location is right in the middle of the action.  Book your next stay at the Signature, you'll love it!
I have stayed in about 15 hotels and this one is my favorite. I love the hotel. There is nothing like having a kitchenette, a fridge, and good customer service no matter who you are. im not no business man, or a wale but they treat you good. no self parking, we valet everyone. I was greeted soon as i arrived, made me feel like they were waiting for me. Every thing was nice in our room. flat screen TV properly placed. soft bed. Everything i need in a hotel in vegas. to rest my body after partying.
Had such a wonderful time. The best parts were the balcony, spa tub, and the view. Everyone was very nice and it was easy to get to the MGM restaurants. Absolutely will be back. Great deal.
We just loved it here.  Got a balcony with views of the strip, got kitchenette, got big bathroom with jetted tub, got nice linens, even the front desk was good.  I liked the non-smoking, the non-gaming, gated property vibe.  No riff raff.. . My only complaint was the ridiculous wait for an elevator at checkout on a Sunday morning.
I got a really good deal for a two night weekday stay from LivingSocial - so, so glad I booked this hotel!! It was amazing - valet parking, a beautiful lobby, spacious room (we had a junior suite), the entire hotel is non-smoking, our room was incredible. There was a bottle of wine waiting for us when we walked in, the bathroom was HUGE and had a jacuzzi tub, we had a mini kitchenette which was perfect for keeping our leftovers, all of the lights in the room and bathroom had dimmers which is nice to not be blinded if you get up in the middle of the night. Check out was so easy, and we never had to wait longer than five minutes for valet to get the car for us. Highly recommended, I would absolutely stay here again and again!!
I found it very advantageous that we were able to check in so early, although I'm sure it was only because of who my beau knew. We were also upgraded to a penthouse suite, which was amazing. I wish we could have utilized the kitchen but maybe next time. Very nice SubZero fridge. Nice big comfortable sturdy bed with very soft sheets.  The master bathroom was large, the jacuzzi tub very easily fits 2 people.  Beautiful view of LAS & the MGM from the balcony. Also, the lady answering phones for in-room dining was so sweet and helpful with her Southern accent.
AMAZING.. . We stayed her last year in one of the Jr. Suites. It was fantastic! View was great, service was great, staff was phenomenal, did I mention the Jacuzzi Bathtub?. . Pros: . Gated entrance, if you aren't with someone they can verify is staying on property or the guest themselves you don't get in. This makes for relatively little traffic.. . Rooms are large and lavish.. . Staff is friendly and very helpful. . . Cons:. Valet only even for visiting. However the wait is minimal at worst. They were always really quick with our cars.. It is a walk from the strip.. . Even with the cons I would highly recommend staying here plus you get to use MGM's Wet Republic for Free as well. Gotta love the lazy river and a bucket of beer!
I personally love the signature sure it may be a little far from the casino but its non smoking and the rooms are great.
Stayed here for UFC 146, had a totally satisfying experience!:). . We got to Vegas around noonish on Friday so we parked at the MGM self parking and went off to venture Vegas a bit.. ***MGM self parking lot is totally safe, we ended up leaving our car there both nights of our stay, didn't even use the signature complimentary valet.. . UFC weigh ins started at 3pm which was the same time as check in, we decided to go to the weigh ins first.. ***The Signature has an entrance near the MGM garden arena entrance inside the MGM hotel, so after weigh ins we speed walked down the, what seemed, never ending private walkway to The Signature first tower to check in.. . We stayed in the deluxe suite, high floor along with balcony, and strip view, a little pricy but its a vacation, no regrets!haha. Called for more coffee from housekeeping and they came within 15 mins, room service was quick as well.. ***the beds were super Comfy as far as I can see quite clean. . ***bathroom and bathtub were luxourorius. . . Check in on friday and check out on Sunday were both quick and hassle free. Would stay here again for a no looking back $$$$$ vacation:)
Stayed here recently and was just blown away by the experience. This really is as good as it gets! If you're looking for a sanctuary a short distance away from the chaos of the Vegas strip, look no further! The three golden towers of The Signature IS the answer.. . Pulling into the driveway, you must give the guard at the gate the last name on your reservation to gain entry onto the property. There's Tower 1, 2, and 3 and check in will be at Tower 1. Parking is VALET ONLY, but they are friendly and efficient and I felt completely at ease handing over my keys. Check in at the front desk was a bit slow but they sure know their customer service! All my questions and requests were met with the utmost professionalism and courtesy. Why can't all hotels be like this?. . I stayed on the Penthouse floor in Tower 3 in a one bedroom suite. As soon as I stepped into the room, I felt like VIP. The room was clean and modern, with a balcony showing the most AMAZING view of the strip. It was magical. There was also a fully loaded kitchen, living room with a pull out sofa bed, two bathrooms (one in the living area, one in the master bedroom) with their own showers, and a jacuzzi tub. The king sized bed in the master bedroom felt like heaven. Extra pillows and blankets can be found in the closet.. . The cost to stay here is extremely reasonable, since the cheapest of The Signature's suites can fit four comfortably. Highly recommended for smaller groups and couples looking for some quiet time.. . I will definitely be back.
I LOVE this place! Our room was exceptionally clean and comfortable and spacious (bigger than my apartment in DC!) . . The best part is the bathrooms... two FULL baths (which is critical when you have more than one girl staying with you) with the master having an enormous shower and jet tub, side-by-side sinks and a separate toilet room. There was large entry area, a sitting area with a couch and lounge chair, and a galley kitchen with a sink, two-burner stove, a microwave and a generously sized fridge. We also made great use of the balcony, which had a great view of the desert (I  believe the other side as a view of the strip).. . The hotel facilities were exactly as we hoped; the three private pools were only open to Signature guests which provided a nice getaway from the sometimes rowdy crowd at the other MGM pool which sees a lot of foot traffic for their exclusive meat-market-ish club. The fitness center in Tower 1 was perfect with several treadmills, elliptical machines, and stationary bikes in addition to weight machines and a dumbbell area.. . The walk to the stip was EASY. About 5 minutes from the lobby of Tower 2, to the strip, INDOORS, on caparet, and with A/C. I can't believe people would complain about that.  And unlike every other hotel I've ever stayed at in Vegas, there is ZERO wait for a cab, and NO line at check-in. PERFECT!. . Just be sure you reserve a room through the Signature itself, not through another company. Some of the rooms are privately owned, so if you get one of those rooms, you won't get the Signature Service.
my friends and i stayed here for our weekend trip to vegas for new years and loved it. we wished we could have stayed longer just so the first night we got there we could sleep in. . . the beds were so comfy and the view was just so amazing. we were on the 16th floor i believe and our balcony looked down to the strip. we had a jacuzzi tub and shower even though our suite was one of the average sized one. we had one bed that i shared with a friend and then a pull out couch bed. . . it was very clean and the concierge clerks were very friendly. we were walking distance from the strip and other hotels which was nice. the hotel had also left a note on our door the next day (the day we were leaving) and said we could sleep in past our check out time for another 2-3 hours if we liked for about 20 or 30 bucks more or we could stay another day for 75 or 80 more which wasn't too bad. we just did the extended 2-3 hours and slept in a little longer. . . best vegas stay ever.
By far my favorite hotel in Las Vegas! We've stayed at the Aria and Vdara among others and the Signature is by far our favorite. The views are generally good. There are jacuzzi tubs in the rooms, free bottles of water every day. The fitness center is good and not crowded. . It's mentioned that it is a bit away from the strip but we clocked in at about 8 minutes from leaving the tower to Planet Hollywood and there is a covered walkway straight to the MGM Grand. Strongly reccomend The Signature.
Just spent a very nice weekend in Vegas, and I must say The Signature was a great place to stay! The Junior Suite we had was big and comfortable for two people, with a nice little jacuzzi-style bathtub, big shower, comfy bed, little kitchenette area if you want to cook for yourself (in Vegas? Really?) and a Balcony. . . The room was clean and the facilities were nice, but it seemed to me that it was a lot quieter to stay at The Signature then one of the hotels that is right on the strip. However, because The Signature is connected to MGM Grand, and there is a covered AIR CONDITIONED walkway with those lazy-ass people mover things in between The Signature and MGM Grand, it feels like you are right on the strip, because everything is right there!. . I highly recommend staying here, especially if you can get a cheap room rate for it like I did off of a certain website that is named after a particular jungle. It was a great room and great value too!
The MGM signature is a lovely hotel/ condo property conveniently located on the south end of the strip. You will find that some of the property is actually condo's owned by buyers whom either live there or rent them out. No staff is there to per sway you into purchasing the property and this is not a time share. It is however an elegant boutique hotel with fine and affordable accommodations in Vegas. We love this property because we can count on a great location, a reliable staff, a clean room and bathroom, and comfort. There are a variety of suites, jr. suites, one bedroom, and two bedrooms, depending on how much privacy you need they are all large enough to share with four persons in any of them. Breakfast is not included but can be for an additional charge, but room services is 24 hours, is super delish, and the suites have kitchenettes! Concierge handles clients with care and we really don't care to stay anywhere else when we are in Vegas. At MGM we can spend our days shopping or soaking in either of the two private pools at Signature, take in the Spa treatments or float in our tubes on the Lazy River, slushy Margerita's in hand. Really it's almost as good as an island getaway. Leisurely nights to attend shows (KA by Cirque Du Soleil plays at MGM, though we highly recommend Zumanity), throw your hard earned dough into the Casinos, or eat French fusion cuisine at Joel Rubuchon's. MGM also has access to the metro to whisk you all over the city of lights. You really wouldn't even have to leave the hotel to have a fab weekend!
I love this hotel!!! We have been twice and it is consistently clean and the valet service is excellent. For the money that you pay, the rooms are gorgeous. I especially appreciate that there isn't a casino directly below  because it is so peaceful to return to after all of the craziness that is Vegas....is it just me or does the awesome jacuzzi style tub need a stair or two to safely enter it? It was difficult even when I was sober!!! Will definitely be back....p.s.  don't eat in the cafe on the first floor....$5.00 for an 8oz glass of milk is ridiculous unless it comes from a golden cow!!
I love love loved my time at the Signature.  I rented the two bedroom penthouse suite through Jet Rentals.  I was there for a bachelorette and it was the perfect size and came with a kitchen.  The cost of the room being split among 5 girls (not including the bride) and with splitting a $250 grocery delivery from Vons we were able to stay in Vegas for three nights and eat 90% of our food and pregame so that we barely had to pay for drinks out (it was a bachelorette party)  came to under $300 a person.  All we had to pay for outside he room was entertainment.  It made Vegas so much more possible for some of us on a bit of a budget crunch.  .   It was so luxury,  It has two giant tubs that we used multiple times and filled with tons of bubbles.  The kitchen was fully equipt with everything you might need, and I mean everything.  It has really nice expensive appliances in the main kitchen and the kitchenette.  There was a TV everywhere you turned, though we didn't use them.  Amazing views of the desert on one side and the strip on the other.  A ton of space in the rooms.  There was also a washer and dryer that we didn't end up needing..   The staff was awesome, every person on the staff was incredible and really catered to everything I asked for, no one couldn't answer a question.  We accidentally set the fire alarm off in our room making grilled cheese sandwiches and the guys that came to fix it were very nice and quick ( which is important for your eardrums and sanity).  One of the girls in our party had a bit too much fun one night and as our limo came to the front one of the staff members brought her a wheelchair and took her up and put her in bed.  No judgments, obviously this is something they deal with in Vegas and were very professional about it.  The valets were all very quick to help us with everything.  I didn't run into a single staff member that didn't have a sense of humor and seem to enjoy their job..   The overall hotel was very nice.  We were in tower three, which is the farthest from the MGM Grand, but in the air conditioned walkway with a bunch of giggling girls I didn't even really notice it.  The pool at the Signature is pretty serene, it was a little to tame for our taste, but perfect if you want peace and space.  We actually liked the MGM Grand pool a little better only because it was more of a party.  .   My experience was in the two bedroom suite and would 100% go back for a larger group.  I have not stayed at many other hotels in Vegas,  I might try others if I go on a romantic getaway or couples weekend just for new experiences, but I know now the Signature is a sure thing for groups! . . one more thing- If you go to any Valet in the hotel they have cold water that you already paid for as part of a $25 resort fee, every shop in the hotel has $9 evian water, don't do it, just ask the Valet, you can even bring your own drinks to the pool!
Unless you're a gambler racking-up all those comp deals, this luxurious hotel is the best you'll find for the price anywhere (strip or otherwise)!  . . Its location - right in the middle of the strip (the three tall towers behind the MGM) and amazing rooms with everything you could possibly need.  HUGE whirlpool tub, separate large shower, huge bathroom, vanity, full kitchen with blender, toaster, micro, fridge, pots, pans, utensils, balcony.... We paid under $100/night inclusive of the resort fee.  . . Valet parking free and there's a nice, comfortable air-conditioned walkway leading you directly to the MGM (placing you in the middle of Wet Republic to your left and the restaurant area to your right).  I absolutely loved staying here.  . . The best was also that you did not have to stand in a ridiculously long cab line as you would when staying at the main casino, and the lobby was not constantly filled with smoke and/or vagrants.  . . WIN WIN WIN on the hotel choice!  (Just wish I could say the same on the gambling... ah well, next time!)
My husband and I stayed here on an impromptu visit in March. The rate and room were excellent. Loved the jet tub :) Some key things to note - Valet Parking only, resort fee, non-smoking hotel. Also, no real restaurant options but it connects through an indoor walkway with MGM Grand. It is also a very quiet hotel.
We always say at this place when we go to Vegas. Great non smoking rooms that are clean and have a hot tub. Sheets and towels are very clean and customer service is very polite. Valet service makes it easy for you when you drive in and just want to go take a nap from a 4 hr drive. The walk from the hotel is kinda lengthy to get to the strip but not too bad. Best place for the price to stay in Vegas.
We absolutely loved staying at the Signature. This is a beautiful place and it has all the amenities you would need. If you love going to Vegas but hate always feeling like you are in a smoky loud casino the entire trip, the Signature is for you. It's close enough to walk or tram to anything on the Strip but far enough away to feel like you are away from all the craziness.
I absolutely love this place. I have stayed here only twice which the first time being a better experience. It is very classy and gives you that luxurious feeling. It only takes about 5-10 minutes to get to the actual casino floor. Honestly, it is not that far if you're actually walking and not waiting on the belt. The rooms are very big and roomy and it's more of a rather quiet and non-smoking hotel. Also, it is very affordable for the room size, with jacuzzi, full kitchen and balcony and living room. If you're not much of a gambler, this is the place to stay but even if you are like I said it's only 5-10 minutes away from MGM grand. . . The only bad part is if you plan on having guests over, you would have to let the front desk know so your friends can get in through the security gate. . . Also, that it is valet only, which people seem to complain about, but I actually like the valet =)
I've stayed at my fair share of hotels along the Strip and The Signature is by far one of my favorites.. . The Signature has all the comforts of a timeshare while still feeling like you're on the Strip.   This hotel was actually a former timeshare so the entrance is gated with access limited to hotel guests only.  I liked this because it made traffic in the lobby area fairly quiet.  This also made waiting for cabs a breeze; the lines and wait times for a cab were short or practically non existent.. . The rooms are spacious, clean and updated / modern.  We had 4 girls stay in a one bedroom suite and it was more than enough room for all of us.  The room had a huge master bath plus a smaller separate bathroom.  Both bathrooms had its own toilet and shower, which is a major time saver when there's 4 girls getting ready in one room.  The kitchen was fully stocked with all the utensils, plates, pots and pans needed to cook your own meals in the room, although we honestly only used it to heat up Cup-O-Noodles and drink. :)  All rooms have a small balcony and for a little extra you can get a room with a view of the pool / Strip.  We went for the cheaper option of a room not facing the Strip yet we still got a pretty decent view of the palm trees and the hotel entrance.. . While The Signature does not have its own casino, there is an indoor walkway that directly connects to the MGM hotel.  You will have all the same access to the casino, restaurants and pool area as you would if you were an MGM hotel guest.  Another plus about the walkway is that it ends directly at the entrance to the pool, so you don't have to walk through the casino in your swimsuit to access the pool, lazy river or WET Republic.  If you prefer to avoid the crowds at the MGM pool, The Signature has several pools on site.  The pools here are smaller and do not have as many shaded areas to sit in for free but it's definitely a lot less hectic compared to the MGM pool.. . While the Signature is not located directly on the Strip, it's close enough that you still feel part of the action.  There are 3 buildings for the Signature.  The particular building we stayed in (I believe it was Tower C) was the furthest from the MGM but was the closest access to the street / Harmon Ave.  The location was perfect for us because it was only a half mile (15 minute walk, not in heels or $5 + tip cab ride) to the Cosmo and City Center which was the hot spot at the time we were there.  If you're looking for shopping (clothes or groceries) the former PH Towers is even closer of a walk.. . The pricing at the Signature is competitively priced in comparison to other similar rooms / hotels.  You'll get more for what you pay for here and if you do some shopping around you can even get a pretty awesome deal.  I've seen promo codes for 20 - 25% off + freebies fairly often on their website, FB page or just through a Google search.
Yay! Another non-smoking, no-casino hotel in Vegas! . . We stayed here for 3 nights during the 2012 Olympia weekend. And boy did we choose the RIGHT hotel to stay at. . . We needed a hotel suite that came with a fully stocked kitchen, now this means it's locked and loaded with an oven to bake too! And The Signature delivered. Boy, did they deliver well! The kitchen alone was a masterpiece. It had all your necessary pots, pans, utensils, plates, dishwasher soap, dish soap, sponge, blender and even a toaster oven! Amaze balls I tell ya.. . Our one bedroom suite had a huge ass living room, which we barely spent time in, a nice balcony and 2 full bathrooms. Yep, 2!!! I liked out master bedroom bathroom a lot better because we had a HUGE ass pimped out jacuzzi tub and a nice TV in there for me to watch my reality shows as I got ready each day.. . The bed was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever laid on. Not as good as the bed we laid on during our NYC trip last October, but it came pretty damn close! . . I like the fact that there are automatic buttons by the door if you don't want to be disturbed or if you need housecleaning to come up and clean everything. I happen to be there twice when the cleaning lady was doing her thang in our suite. She literally emptied out our dishwasher and hand dried each item, put it away and mopped the kitchen floor. I even caught her vacuuming the rooms too...we barely even walked around in that room. Haha!. . Another great bonus to this hotel is their 24 hour fitness center. OMG! It was the most amaze balls hotel fitness center I've ever worked out at. They had full on step mills in there for cardio and the new arc trainers too! All with an attached TV screen. And MAJOR plus, they had a smith machine. You know I went heavy on them squats with that smith machine! :). . They also have this great little cafe/bakery called Delights in Tower 2 which is literally only a short walk from Tower 3 where we were staying at. Super delicious sweet treats here I tell ya. . . Valet service is very efficient here even when it gets kinda packed. They try to move as quickly as possible.. . Oh and major MAJOR brownie point for the awesome balcony we had on the tip top floor. Made our wild sexcapade that much better. ;)
My husband and I really enjoyed our stay and this resort.  We stayed in the Penthouse suite and these rooms were very big and the jacuzzi tub was great along with the larg shower!  Another great thing about the room is the kitchen, there is a fride included where you can actually put your own items in and is not stuffed with items you have to purchase!  There is a enclosed walkway to the casino and shops which was very nice and convenient.  In between your walk you can stop and get a quick drink at the bar as you walk.  The valet parking also came with our stay which was great and it was very quick to get a taxi with the staff making sure of that.  All the staff from the front desk to room service was very friendly.  I had asked for a high room with a view and they were able to accomodate me no problem.. Overall we really enjoyed our stay here and will definitely be back!
I wanted to try something different then staying on the strip and dealing with a smokey casino and crowds of tourist around you so I picked the Signature. I was thinking about booking a room at MGM but decided to go along with the Signature, we stayed in tower #2 which was the middle tower and are designed as timeshares. This included a full kitchen, flat screen TV and a balcony which I loved the most because not all hotels have a private balcony. We had a view of the strip and we loved looking at the hotels around us and the sunset was very romantic. The spa tub in the bathroom was a great touch, especially from walking around in the 100+ heat. . . The lobby was spotless and the smoke smell was nonexistent, the pool area was very small and intimate compared to the bigger pools and included a waterfall and a spa. Signature guests are allowed to use the MGM pool which isn't a far walk and you're close to Wet Republic so you can kinda hear the thump thump music from the Signature. The walk to the MGM Grand is approximately 10 - 15 minutes from the hotel in a air conditioned indoor walk way with posters of singers that have performed in MGM in the past. I would definitely stay here again but I prefer to stay on the strip.
I stayed in a king suite with a balcony and small kitchen including a two burner stove. The bathroom was complete with a TV, shower, and tub.  I wish I had this exact bathroom at home. Everything about the service and room is unmatched to any other hotel I've stayed at recently.
An exceptional hotel with five-star service, amenities, and attention to detail.  I truly felt right at home in their one-bedroom suites with balcony.  I prefer to go all out when I take weekend trips and despite traveling solo, I spare no expense to ensure that I have a comfortable stay.. . You can read other reviews regarding location and convenience to the strip - this was not a factor for me as I enjoy walking and running, so I like having a nice long walk to get anywhere.  Plus, I am in Vegas so I expect to be walking around.  Parking was very convenient for this location, as valet is right in front of the hotel entrance - and since this is a HOTEL and not a casino/resort, the elevators are right where you enter your respective tower.. . Room service was quite exceptional.  Not your standard fare food, and even the "standards" are quite delicious with attention to detail in the quality of ingredients and presentation.  Hotel staff members are also professional and ensure that your stay at the hotel is memorable and comfortable.. . One thing to note - instead of a door knob/placard that indicates "Do Not Disturb" or the "Room Needs Tending To", there are electronic switches inside the room that make this notation indicative to an outside viewer/hotel employee.  I was under the assumption that this would also be communicated to a "central database" (pardon me, but I had a much more sophisticated imagination versus what I really found out) but this was not so.  I had left my "Do Not Disturb" light on all afternoon, and when I finally left the room for an evening event around 5pm or 6pm, I turned on the "Room Needs Attention" light on, thinking that this message would be delivered to housekeeping.  Anyway - this did not happen, so when I arrived back at my room late night, maybe 12am or so, the room had not been tended to and my housekeeping light was still on.  I had to call Housekeeping in order for the room to be cleaned, and they took care of it right away, but I did wait for 45 minutes to an hour in the lobby while they had tidied my room.  The housekeeping attendant on the phone was apologetic for the confusion and the service to clean the room at the late hour was an option that I chose - I could have left it as it was, but I did want that service.. . AGAIN - overall, a wonderful stay, and I will definitely stay here again.
My boyfriend and I came to Vegas for my 21st Birthday, we decided to stay at The Signature since his friend owns one of the suites. It was a wonderful hotel. The service and the atmosphere is exceptional. You feel right at home with the rooms here that include a stove, fridge, a sink, and utensils! . . We ordered room service twice because the first time just wasn't enough. The first time we got berry pancakes and chocolate covered strawberries. The second time we got the breakfast plate. Both were extremely delicious! The servers that brought them up couldn't be more helpful. . . I have to say its a mighty walk from our room which was in Tower 3 to MGM Grand but it was worth it.. . Over all this Hotel is classy, elegant, clean, and its near the strip! We will definitely be back.
Came back here again and had the same wonderful experience! Clean, great staff, beautiful! Great access to resteraunts.
Our one-bedroom suite was gorgeous and spacious. We had a nice view of the Strip from both the bedroom and the living room. The customer service was also excellent. Great value!
Me and my wife stayed here the for three days and the place was great. For the price, the place has a microwave, a fridge, a stove, and an entire set of cook wear and dishes. It is great for families because the entire hotel is nonsmoking and is close to the strip. Really nice place to stay and well worth the price.
Pro: All I can say is Stay here you wont be disappointed.  Need to see a show go to the conceierge best seats cheapest prices.  Need reservations call them they will get you best table VIP treatment best prices Need a tub that fits a 6'1' guy filled with bubbles.  They have that to.   Will never stay any other place in Vegas again.. . Cons:  I wish the TV in the bath was a little bigger.
Excellent balcony rooms. Very long walk from MGM. Great staff. Parking is a hassle .
For our bachelorette party of 8 girls, I couldn't imagine a more perfect place to stay. The Signature had everything we needed!. . Our two suites were connected by a small entryway with private double doors. We were able to prop open the doors to the 2 individual suites then mingle throughout our shared space. . . The suites are beautiful with a breathtaking view of the strip. With 4 girls to each suite, we had 2 people in the bed and 2 on the pullout couch (which was surprisingly comfortable).  I enjoyed the fluffy pillows and down comforter. The kitchenettes are stocked with everything you need - even a blender!  . . I also adored the bathroom. The steam shower was amazing and I came home after dancing at the club at 3 a.m. then took a bubble bath in the giant soaking tub. I suggest you do the same. . . Service from the concierge was great. While Wi-Fi is free in the suites, the only downfall was having to pay for internet access in the business center to print off event tickets. Next time, I'll be sure to do that at home.. . We were able to walk to the strip and never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a cab.  I would absolutely recommend booking a suite here.
5 STARS?!  Sure why not?. . I've stayed at the Signature a couple of times now, and the last time I stayed there was a few months ago.  So this review is long overdue.. . First off, the distance to the strip is nothing.  It's almost like walking from one hotel to another.  . . Well... because it is.  . . We stayed at tower 3 which is the farthest tower to and from the MGM.  Yes I know, you wish you could just get into the elevator press 1, or lobby, or C, or whatever and be transported right into the casino, but for the money you're saving, the 5-10 minute walk is nothing.  Plus, your fat ass can burn a few extra calories before hitting up the pool party.. . OK so back to the hotel.  We stayed in the 2 bedroom 3 bathroom suite with a balcony that had a view of the strip.  For a room like this at one of the mega-hotels, the rate would run you at least 3 times the cost of the Signature.  Not only do you get 3 full bathrooms, you also get 2 kitchens with refrigerators.  For a 2 bedroom 3 bathroom suite they join a 1 bdrm suite with a junior suite to make one big suite.  SWEET!  Got a group of 8-10 people?  The suite will accommodate all.  In addition to the 2 king beds in each room, there's also 2 pull out queen size sofa-beds, which gives you a total of 4 beds.  2 of the main bathrooms are huge, both with 2 person sized jacuzzis and the 3rd bathroom has a shower.  So no more waiting for the shower, which means more time to pregame.   . . So with all the bedrooms, with all the beds, all the flat screen hd tvs, 3 bathrooms, 3 showers, 2 jacuzzis, 2 kitchens, dining table, bar with bars stools, balcony, the short indoor walk to the MGM, and the amazingly low price for a hotel that's pretty much on the strip.  This place deserves 5 stars.
I own a unit here and think it is the bee's knees.. . Location is a long block off the strip.  In return, you get a non-smoking building that is still indoor connected to the MGM Grand ... the third largest casino in the world.  Indoor access to the MGM Grand Garden arena gets you concerts and boxing events and several fine dining establishments are nearby, including Joel Robuchon ... the only 3 star Michelin rated restaurant in Las Vegas!  Another great thing is the food court ... with normal options like McDonald's, Nathan's, and Bonanno's Pizzeria, you don't have to eat fancy for every meal.  I really appreciate that.. . Further out, you can walk across the street to Planet Hollywood and eventually end up at CityCenter, or pop through MGM to the intersection with MGM, NYNY, Excalibur and Tropicana all in one place.  This isn't the pure center of the strip, but it's pretty close.. . It takes about 5 minutes to reach MGM Grand from Tower 1 via the enclosed walkways and people movers.  About 15 minutes to walk to Harmon and get to CityCenter.. . The room: I'll discuss the standard studio.  520 sqft.  Big glass enclosed shower.  Jacuzzi.  Kitchenette with complimentary water, tea, coffee, and half height fridge (no minibar to worry about).  High quality utensils, flat screen TV, and a stove top.  Yes, dishes, pots and pans too if you need to cook for a long stay or want to save money.  No oven though.  Big king size bed and a pull out couch sleeps 4 total.. . Decor is clean and relatively modern.  Lots of dark wood finish and paintings on the wall.  Bed and couch lights are on dimmers, and the blackout curtains work very very well.. . Many units have a balcony, which is a rarity amongst Las Vegas hotels and allows you to enjoy the views without a reflective window getting in the way.  If you get a high floor strip view, it is absolutely gorgeous.  Mountain views aren't bad either since you can see the airport.. . Building:  Each building has a pool and you are also given access to Wet Republic if you want a giant pool party experience.  The decor is fairly modern.  Starbucks and a bar are in Tower 1, and a small deli/restaurant called Delights are in Tower 2.  There are meeting/conference rooms, but I've never used those.. . Transportation: I've never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for a cab here since it's off strip.  I actually imagine that it would be faster to walk here and get a cab than wait in the main taxi line during busy nights at the MGM.  The monorail is also a 5 minute indoor walk away, which means you can get to the Las Vegas Convention Center easily, or to a number of other strip locations.  If only the monorail went to more places!  Valet parking takes care of you if you have a rental car.. . Internet: Wi-Fi can be a bit spotty and used to be limited to 1 mbit.  But I spoke to management and they eventually upped the limit to 2mbit, which is enough to get reasonable work done and still surf YouTube or Netflix without too much trouble.  Shows these guys care, right?  Each room does have a wired connection and for maximum reliability I recommend plugging your own travel router into that.. . Best of all, the prices I've seen for staying at this hotel are very reasonable for what you get and draws a quieter crowd.  Great for families or just a more low key kind of crowd.  As an owner I suppose I don't have to worry about the pricing, but I appreciate the folks coming through.
Awesome room. 1 bedroom suite was amaze. Kitchen two bathrooms. Legit.
This place is amazing! My friend and I stayed here for my birthday back in January and I must say... I will definitely be returning. It has a full kitchen with all the amenities and cookware you could need. That's one of my biggest issues with Vegas! You're just kind of at the mercy of the fast food resturants and it's not fun to deal with when you're hung over/drunk/tired... . . Anywho, this hotel is not only gorgeous, clean, and cozy, but it offers up an amazing staff that are helpful, knowledgeable, & friendly! Plus, we got a pretty good deal on our room! My only discrepancy is that it's a bit far from the strip if you're looking to huff it everywhere (which we did), but I guess you weigh the pros and cons & the pros definitely outweigh the cons!
The Signature is SUCH a wonderful place to stay that I don't even want to say how wonderful it was. We were there 6 weeks ago, and we will never stay anywhere else in Vegas. It's the only place that I've ever stayed that I would consider moving to ... it's that fantastic. Staff, Starbucks, room, amenities, location, etc. are top notch and I don't have one bad thing to say about our three-night stay. . . One tip ... the MGM Grand walkway is a bit of a pain for getting to the strip. Head out on Harmon toward Planet Hollywood instead. It's a very walkable distance without the noise, smoke, and riff-raff in your way.. . Signature, you are the BEST there is ... bravo!
The hotel itself is really nice. The rooms are clean and spacious. We stayed in room 821 that was a corner suite with a nice view. Staying in a higher floor would have provided a better view at night but still a nice view of the pool. The suites have nice appliances and are well taken care of. It is connected to MGM but is a pretty long walk. . . The hotel is not a casino, but is connected to the MGM (though it is a pretty long walk). Though you may see that as a downside, we liked it quite a bit due to the fact that it was so clean and we didn't smell like we just smoked two packs of cigarettes like you do when you stay in a casino. . . We had an issue upon check in that could have been devastating, but the staff handled things very well. I would really like to recognize Kendahl Williams from the front office for proactively addressing a situation without me even bringing up the issue. It was greatly appreciated and I will definitely recommend the Signature to our friends and we are planning on returning this summer.
Great service (Valet only parking) and the room is huge! I've stayed in this and the Elara 1 bedroom, which are comparable. The room here had an extra bathroom, but smaller livingroom area. The balcony is definitely a plus though. I did not like how inconvenient it was to get to the MGM grand's casino floor from the Signature. I should warn people that it's not very close at all. The rooms aim to be more classy and family friendly but for a bachelor party situation, there are more trendy spots.
I loved this place. It felt like coming home to your own personal high rise condo. No casino to walk and haul your luggage through to get your room, no smoke smell, gated, great service, and still close to the strip. We had the one bedroom suite and it was huge. 950 sq ft with 2 full baths, a full kitchen, 3 tv's, and a huge jacuzzi tub. I have no complaints at all about the hotel room, everything was perfect.  No waiting in line to get a cab. Tell the valet guy and he hits a button on his laptop and all of a sudden your cab is there. We were in tower 3 which I heard is the farthest from the strip but I honestly don't remember the walk. Probably cause I was a lil tipsy but the walk couldn't of been that bad. I would definitely stay again. The also only hold $100 security deposit which is sweet cause some places like the Cosmopolitan hold $400+. Not knocking the Cosmo at all, stayed there last year and loved it.
I stayed here for a couple of days before heading to The Westin in Henderson for a Spartan race, and was very sad to leave.. . First of all, the concierge service and people checking guests in were extremely friendly and courteous. That's to be expected in the hospitality field, but I find it seriously lacking these days so I was pleasantly surprised.. . I completely agree with another Yelper in that the room was like a studio apartment, complete with a kitchenette. The jacuzzi tub was nice the one time I actually used it, and the bathroom was spacious, with a separate area for the toilet.. . Upon check-out, the staff was again very friendly and the bellman actually went to Valet and got my car himself since he felt that they were taking too long!. . I would definitely recommend this place.  I liked the fact that there was no casino downstairs (although it is connected to the MGM Grand).  I appreciated not being forced to walk through smoke-filled rooms to make my way to the elevator.. . The next time I'm in Vegas, I would have no hesitation in staying here, and the rates are actually pretty reasonable, especially considering the quality of room and service you're getting.
Legit!. . Loved the jacuzzi after the long walk back from the strip.  The towers are a bit confusing because if you show up at the wrong one things get confusing after they take your bags.. . There were 3 of us, so I slept on the fold out couch, so due to letting my parents stay in the bed, I can not comment on the comfort.  I do not recommend any fold out couch ever, anywhere.. . No military or veteran discounts, which is unusual but expected.  Also I never agree with "resort fees" anywhere.  The only thing I used at "the resort" was the Starbucks.
Stayed here while getting married in Vegas. Feb, 2013.. Absolutely loved it!!!. Great rooms. Huge. Clean. Nice.. Would stay here anyday.. Just a ten min (indoor) walk to mgm- with restaurans, tourist shopping, and of course... Casino area.. . Couldn't have stayed a better place.
Favorite property in Vegas.  No casino so you can get right off of the elevator and get to the pool in minutes instead of trapsing 200 yards through the casino at other properties.  Balconies!  So nice to sit out and get some air and look at the views rather than thru tinted hotel glass.  All the MGM amenities are available for MGM Signature guests. . . Tower 1 is closest to the main MGM grand.  It's pool is smaller but get the sun earlier than towers 2 or 3.   . . I would strongly advise booking directly through the MGM site.  There are many third party rentals you can find, but if you have an issue you are out of luck as the hotel will not assist you, you must resolve through the company you booked.  It's not worth it to me to save a few bucks and have problems later.. . East side of the towers face the airport.  West side faces the strip.  Tower 3 has better views for the strip side.  . . Floors 34 and up are listed as "Penthouse" but I'm told the rooms are exactly the same except Penthouse has 1 foot higher ceilings. . . If access to MGM pools and Casino are important, tower 1 is closest, but the other are only like a 1-2 minute walk further.   If you like walking to the strip tower 3 is slightly easier to get to the strip.  . . They have coffee makers but use those gross pre filled filters and you only get1 per day and they only make 2 small cups, so buy some filter and pre ground decent coffee and bring with you.   . . Full refridge and kitchen makes it nice for breakfast/lunch, save your money for nice dinners.. . Management was incredibly responsive and quick (again, I booked thru MGM direct) when I had a small issue.
The rooms are big and nice. Yes this is a very nice place to stay. I had a suite and it was live being at home, but I did not have to clean. Its a bit of a walk to the casino but the rooms are so nice its worth the walk. Also use the MGM pool bigger and better. I for sure will be back here. Loved the kitchen. did not use, but looked good. High end stuff.
I freaken LOVE this hotel! Stayed here in June 2011 for my cousin's wedding (not on-site) and it was the best decision ever! I was originally going to stay at the Hilton Grand Vacation's Club at the Flamingo again since it also has a full kitchen but they weren't listed at AAA at the time of booking. With that being said, let's get on with it!. . The hotel's 3 towers are valet only so make sure to bring plenty of $1 bills. They are also gated so it feels safer too (use room key to open gates). Upon entry the first tower to the right is tower #3 followed by #2. We stayed at tower #1 further up. Valet was always extremely polite even when in uniform in one hundred degree weather. Checking in was a breeze and we took the elevator up to the 16th? floor to our one bedroom balcony suite. There's a doorbell!! Which they also have at the Hilton ... but anyways the suite is huge and convenient! And I thought it was completely awesome that my name was on the tv the moment we walked in! We went to Food 4 Less after a while and my mom cooked a few of our meals in our handy dandy kitchen complete with utensils and the whole shebang! We had our 2 daily water bottles in the fridge ready to gulp down and don't even get me started on the bathrooms. As in plural. TWO full bathrooms!! The main bathroom is spectacular with both a separate glass door shower and jacuzzi with a tv! There's a private water closet that has a telephone in it! A vanity with a chair is located across from the jacuzzi, separate from the dual sinks. I could not believe the luxury I was surrounded by. And it was only a 4.5 star hotel ... truly amazing. The second bathroom was the same size as my bathroom at home! A typical shower & toilet combo with walls in a forest green hue. There is a table to eat at for four in the living area with a breakfast nook for two facing the kitchen when you can't be bothered to eat at the table, midnight snack, anyone? The sofa bed is pretty comfortable too. I can honestly say the king bed was not big enough for three people. That only lasted for one night out of four haha. Oh and get this-- the tv in the bedroom is controlled by, yes, the remote. But things are not always as they seem. Point the remote in front of you while sitting on the bed. You'll be in for a super cool surprise. . . For those staying here, didya do what I said? If yes, you may have been startled by what sounds like your neighbor's garage door opening. Not too loud but noticeable. Point that remote at the empty desk and press "on". You'll be amazed as the flat screen appears up out of the table before your very eyes. Pretty cool, huh? And to think I thought that sensor on the desk was a hidden camera SMH. . . Overall, this hotel deserve 5 stars. My potential concern is that sometimes (or maybe every night?) the front desk at tower 1 is closed past 11pm or so and they put up the big sign saying please walk over to tower 2 for assistance. . . Oh, and there's supposed to be a path connecting the property to MGM grand next door in case you want to gamble or grab a bite to eat.
Stayed here last September for a 21st birthday bash and it was absolutely wonderful from beginning to end!! Our room was impeccable, with an awesome view of the strip seen from our balcony. There is no casino, so it is great to come to your room from a long day at the strip to a clean and smoke free hotel! Valet service was an added bonus and they were always quick to bring out your car. I will definitely be staying here for future Vegas trip!!
The only place I stay in LV. Clean, spacious, comfortable. Non smoking,no casino, gated entrance, easy taxi service. Only 10 minutes walking to MGM.. I must thank Sherry, the night shift person at Tower 2. She was exemplary in her customer service. . Will return on future trips to LV.
I have no complaints except for there hand soap smells horrible. This was one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Vegas. Stayed in a one bedroom suite with a full kitchen. Everything is up to date. Bed is very comfortable. Stay in either Tower 2 or Tower 3. Tower 1 was built a long time ago and is not as nice. Ask for a top room facing the strip, great view.
Stayed at the Signature 5/31/12 - 6/2/13...great property. Family friendly, practical...the staff was beyond friendly and super accommodating. Got a great deal via travelzoo.com...$550.00 for two rooms for two nights, including taxes and fees.  I would stay here again however stay clear of Jet Resort, their staff is rude and unprofessional (read my review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/jet-luxury-at-the-signature-mgm-las-vegas#hrid:UUZOOchqiIzlHkDcjk4Reg ) Because it's a timeshare property, the Signature has very little control over what Jet does.  I would stay here a million times over but will book directly via the hotel to enjoy the benefits of a resort and not the limitations of Jet Luxury Resorts .
This was my first time stay in Las Vegas, and I am glad that this hotel was our choice! It connects with the MGM Grand, although... be prepared to walk, walk, walk! Make sure you ask for tower 1, if not, you're going to walk A LOT more than expected! Our balcony has pool view, and it was right above Wet Republic, so we were able to hear R3hab, Steve Aoki, and Calvin Harris from our balcony. The hotel in itself has tons of things for you to do! You will never be bored... but then again, who gets bored in Vegas? [you'd be surprised. lol] moving on... The cleaning ladies were always on time, and the front desk was always very helpful every time we called asking for towels, sheets, or simply called asking for information. . . I will definitely be staying here again. Thanks for a great experience! :)
Excellent service from the second they picked up the phone.. . This hotel is so chill and laid back....from the staff & service to the swimming pool you feel like you are at a real resort somewhere in Caribbean rather than the strip.. . Overall a pretty darn good experience if you are looking for something chill and laid back away from the Chaos. Really went with no expectations but overall the experience was def 5 stars. Front desk process was nice and quick.. Valet guys were nice and professional.  Room was great. Nice balcony & kitchen. . . Will recommend for sure!. . . . . :
Apart from the location, the MGM Signature is pretty awesome. It doesn't have a casino in Tower 3 [where we stayed], but everything else was spot on and we loved our stay here. . . ONE BEDROOM DELUXE SUITE. This is a pretty awesome room. It's basically a one bedroom apartment. The kitchen has a full sized rifreigerator and freezer, the living room is spacious, there's a balcony, and the bedroom is just as big with a tv in there as well and a gigantic bathroom. The bathroom also has a washing machine / dryer [the European style with the special detergent]. The spa tub is humongous, and the counter space for ten girls to get ready is great. Every room has multiple mirrors, and the shower is pretty nice. [I wish it wasn't a clear door though]. . . JUNIOR SUITE. There's a kitchen in here too, but this room is more like a studio. The counter space is much less than the deluxe room, but the size of the room is still quite bog. Also has a balcony with a great view of the strip not too far away. . . LOCATION. It's on East Harmon, right by Planet Hollywood. You can walk indoors between the three towers, and I believe Tower 1 has a casino in it. Tower 2 has pizza. We taxied everywhere, but it can add up. Good thing the room rates can be pretty awesome.
As my best friend's maid of honor, I had the honor of organizing the best bachelorette that ever hit the streets of Vegas. While price matching the biggest and best suites on the entire strip, The Signature suites were definitely the best deal. All for under a $1000, we got a ballin' one bedroom suite that was basically like a condo. Along with the one master bedroom and master bathroom, the room included a spacious living room with a pull-out queen sofa bed, another full bathroom, a full kitchen (with everything you can possibly imagine in a fully stocked kitchen) , and full access to a balcony (great for accommodating the smokers.). Though it is a non-smoking hotel and doesn't have a casino, you can still have full access to everything at the MGM resort, which is a bit of a walk after a long night of partying. Every tower has it's own pool, but again, you can access the pools at the MGM and Wet Republic. On Friday's the pool at Tower 3 has Bottomless Drink specials, which is always a great deal. All the amenities and accommodations were more than what we could have asked for. Overall, if you're looking for a baller spot to enjoy the finer things in Vegas, then this is a great place to stay at.
Has a wonderful stay here when I visited Las Vegas 7/15-7/19/13. My room, which was located in tower 3 was clean, spacious, well-decorated, and had a balcony. . . When I arrived at the hotel in the afternoon of 7/15 I was originally staying in tower 1. My sister was in tower 3 so I asked if they could switch me and they did with no problem and even upgraded my room to be on the 35th floor with a balcony. I couldn't have been happier!. . I have stayed at this hotel in the past...I guess now they opted to take all of the dinnerware, dishes, glasses, etc. out of the room and only give them to you if you request. Requesting this was not a problem, they brought up a skillet, pots, pans, dishes, bowls, mugs, cups, wine glasses, sharp knives, forks, spoons, butter knives, cork screws, etc. up within 10 min. of me calling. My room came with a toaster, blender, and coffee maker, which was convenient. . . The only thing I didn't like was the $25 ($28 with tax) resort fee they charge you. They give you 2 12 oz bottles of water every day, access to the gym, and access to the internet for the $28 so it's not like you're just pissing it away....but I feel they should give you that stuff anyway and not charge extra. Oh well. I'll still stay here again.
This was my first time to Vegas and we came on Memorial Day weekend! Not only was this the cheapest place we could find to stay, it was absolutely perfect. It is connected through a walkway to the MGM so you are close to the action. The rooms were clean and very nice. We had two one bedroom suites with balconies that overlooked the strip.
Woohoo!  As good as it gets!. . I like to repeat yelp's interpretation of 5 stars, and I LOVED my stays in the Signature.  I've stayed twice with a group of all girls, in Tower 2 and Tower 3, and both times were amazing!  Lots of bathroom space, counter space, mirrors, 2 showers.  In the larger bathroom you can close the toilet separate from the rest of the room while someone else is getting ready in the mirror, and someone else is making drinks and/or food in the kitchen, and someone else is on the balcony checking out how busy the Wet Republic and the Lazy River is.  We used the kitchen and saved a ton of money, they have dishes, cookware, measuring cups, a huge fridge and freezer, and a dishwasher.  :). . Highly recommend this hotel!!
Absolutely love this hotel .... . My husband does an almost week long tradeshow every year in Vegas and this was the first year my son and I accompanied him.  Was always previously concerned about being in Vegas for a long period of time as the whole scene just gets very old.  MGM Signature is wonderfully tucked away and I could have stayed there for weeks.  The hotel consists of three separate towers behind MGM with a separate gated entrance.  No long valet lines or herds of people. . . What I loved about the room .... . - Pullout bed. - DVD player. - Kitchen with mini refrigerator/freezer, coffee maker, toaster, two burner stove, blender, microwave, pots/pans, cutlery, plates, etc.. - Wonderful jacuzzi tub. . My son and I ate breakfast and lunch everyday in our room.  I was making pancakes, scrambled eggs and smoothies in the tiny kitchen.  We brought in all of our groceries and it was so convenient to be able to make our own meals and not rely upon hotel dining.. . We stayed in tower one but the pool at that tower did not permit children.  Short walk to tower two pool, which was great.  My son really had a blast.  We did spend a day at the MGM pool - which was madness - but enjoyed the lazy river.  It was really nice to be at a quiet pool away from the party scene.  We were able to walk everywhere from the hotel.  100 degrees outside but we walked indoors from the Signature to MGM to NY NY to Excalibur.  . . This hotel is very right for people who are looking for what I was looking for!  If you want to be in the hustle and bustle with a casino in the hotel, etc., I would stay elsewhere.
Reasons why you should stay here:. . Free valet parking;. Easy access to the Strip and the Monorail;. Plush Bathrobes;. Pragmatic Design/Layout;. Vanity Mirror;. Kichenette with kichenware/ utensils;. Huge Jet Tub;. Great Staff;. Non Casino;. Full Balcony; and . Large Room. . . I've stayed here before, but I loved it even more this time.  The Signature is the ideal hotel to stay at in Vegas, especially for a convention.. . Bf and I checked in on 8/20/13 for MAGIC.  It was noon and the suites were not ready.  I left the bags with the the bellman outside by the valet.  Kathleen said she would call me when the room is ready and she DID as she promised at about 3.. . When we arrived, there was a man who opened the door for us and walked us over to the check in area.  Kathleen is Caucasian, but she handed my id and credit card with both hands as it's customary among Japanese.  I really appreciated that subtle but profound extra touch.. . The Signature is extremely convenient.  Although it's not the Strip, it provides indoor walkway to the MGM, and voila, you are on the Strip.  There's also a short distance access to the Monorail.  It was 4 stops to the Las Vegas Convention Center.. . I loved the lay out at The Signature.  First, there's a door to the bathroom, unlike the rooms in MGM.  The toilet has its separate door.  There were dual sinks, a huge jet tub and the bathroom was generous in size.  There was a vanity mirror-again an extra touch that I appreciated.  There were plush robes in the closet, and a compact yet powerful blow dryer.. . The Signature is a condo/hotel so each unit has a kitchenette with all the utensils and kitchenware to make a meal if you so choose.  It has a separate seating area and blackout drapes that actually work.
This place was a great stay.  The 1000 sq ft suite did not disappoint and the service was spectacular.  No casino in this section of the MGM which is great because the noise level is very low at night.  Each tower gets their own pool so there's no worrying about overcrowding, but if you are one to people watch, you can always take the 5 minute stroll to MGM and enjoy their pools as well.  You can bring your inter tubes there rather than paying the $16 fee to use for one day.  Also, you can bring in your own food but not your own booze.  If you drink spirits, be prepared to fork out about $12-$18 a drink.
We stayed at the MGM Signature 8/23-8/25 and it was fantastic.  I've been to Vegas 15+ times and my favorite hotel (based on the room itself) up until now was the Venetian.  The rooms are large, have a separate sitting area with couch and a nice kitchenette.  The bathroom is great with jacuzzi tub and shower with a separate toilet room.. . The kitchen includes a Large "mini" fridge which was perfect.  We brought food and booze and made breakfast ourselves everyday.  Would definitely go back again.  . . Tips: . . Drive in at the E. Harmon entrance, DO NOT park at the main MGM garage.. . Ask for an upgrade when you check in.  Worked for us.. . They will let you bring beer to the pool.. . Ask for a high floor in tower 3 if you want a quiet get away.. . The "walk" to the MGM is not that bad, in fact there are moving sidewalks to help and it's all indoor.
Clean, swanky, amazing staff. . . Bed was comfy, bath was awesome, in Vegas you don't spend much time in the room (I was either sleeping or in the tub) but will probably stay here next time. . . Great price and value. . Never used the pool or other facilities.
I've been wanting to check out The Signature for years, and since I'm a firm believer of "everything in moderation", I stayed here on two occasions this past July.. . Hits:. * Love the massive drive up to the 3 towers after the gates open... talk about a grand entrance!. * The picture booth in the lobby is fun :). * All the staff I have come across have been so courteous, willing to help, and extremely accommodating. * Was only a little obsessed with our balcony view from the 2nd tower, 35th floor of the Strip skyline... Swanky livin'!. * Spacious, lovely golden-hued rooms, which matches the color scheme of the tower exterior, complete with a kitchen or kitchenette with high-end appliances (Bosch, Miele), and space-wise, even the studio suite had more room than expected. * Dishware and teacups made of bone china... Pinkies up!. * Pop-up TV table in the bedroom. * Staying in a condo on the Strip at a fair (and bordering cheap) price tag with more amenities than we knew what to do with. * Very secure -- complete with checking in before the driveway gates to make sure there's no randos, and security guards occasionally roaming the halls to make sure our doors were closed. * No need to cab it to Hakkasan from here :). * Accessible to Las Vegas Blvd. through MGM Grand via a walkway (AND MOVING WALKWAY) with a food court in between. . Lessons Learned:. * Though we had no problems with friends visiting our suite, having a security check- in just added an extra burden... Also, if you wanna add a friend name to your reservation at check-in, make sure you know how to spell correctly :/ (that was my bad, and the guard at the gate gave them a hard time about it... But in the end still let them in). * Getting our car during check out one weekend took a good half hour -- valet drivers seemed understaffed. * Hailing a cab can be relatively challenging, since they don't normally wait there -- either the valet calls or we hop into a cab that has dropped off another party there. * It's hard to accommodate valeting multiple cars on one reservation during holiday weekends. . After visiting Vegas 3 times within one month, I'm taking a (hopefully short) hiatus. When I'm ready to return to my second home and party on the south end of the Strip, I would love to stay here again.
Just got back from our stay and couldn't be more happy. Staff was amazing! Lady at the counter gave us and upgrade to a suite, it was awesome. The walk to the MGM is not bad at all. I always like to try new hotels every trip but that may end. May just be a regular at the signature.
This place is amazing. We stayed here for a week in October 2010 and the room was amazing. The bed was super comfortable, the kitchen was convenient, the bathroom was elegant, and the massive balcony was AMAZING. I like that it was connected to MGM so we could have easy access to the casino. The walk was a little far, but that's okay. . . I also loved the Starbucks conveniently located in the hotel.
Very impressed with staff and quality of service recieved. One of the best hotels on the strip. Lots of space in the rooms and kept clean. If u need anything the staff is on point and jumps to it. Definetly worth the stay.
I may be biased in my review because when we stayed here we were on the top floor. The room was absolutely wonderful and the room service was prompt and courteous. The bedroom was modern and the bathroom was spacious for two! . The living room had plenty of room or us to spread out and repack for the remainder of our voyages in the wild west! Off the strip for those that have been there and done that enough times. The balconies are not for those with a fear of heights... especially on a windy day! It is a great place for the experienced Las Vegas traveler!!!
This is my favorite place to stay so far in Vegas !! (that I can afford! Lol) I love the lazy river and I love the layout of the rooms. I stayed here for my 21st birthday with a group of girls and we never felt crowded. I'd stay here anytime gladly! :)
This was probably the best experience I have had at a hotel, ever. . . We booked online through their website. I would definitely suggest doing it. Sure, you *may* get a better rate somewhere else, but chances are, you won't be treated as well. It's common knowledge that hotel's treat customers who book directly with them better because it shows that you chose them not based off their lowest price, but because you wanted to stay at a specific hotel. . . The Signature is one of the highest rated hotels in Vegas for a reason. All the rooms are suites. It's a non-gambling, non-smoking hotel. There are 3 towers, and each Tower has it's own Pool area. The Towers are all connected to each other with indoor walk-ways and attached to the MGM Grand, with moving walk-ways. Tower 1 is the closest to MGM Grand, and Tower 3 is the furthest. I stayed in Tower 2 and was very happy with it, the walk was very reasonable. . . This is also a gated resort. . . We stayed on the top floor(38th floor) and had a wonderful view. Our room was spacious, and comfortable. There is a kitchenette included, as well as a 2 person Jacuzzi tub in the bathroom. All the staff were kind and knowledgeable. Check-in was easy, and Housekeeping was fantastic. . . This hotel may not be on par with places like The Ventian, Bellagio or Ceasar's Palace but it is a great value. The price was on par with places like Mandalay Bay, Treasure Island, New York, and was much, much better quality. . . It's location is great if you plan on seeing a show at the MGM Garden Arena, and there is also easy access to the Monorail. . . When staying at the Signature, in addition to the pools at each tower, you also get access to the huge pool complex at the MGM, which includes 5 pools, hot tubs, and a lazy river. We used both during our stay, and it was nice to have the different options, on a busy day the pool complex at MGM might be overwhelming. . . The Signature also has check-in available at McCarren airport(although hours are subject to change, they were not open when I arrived a little after 5 pm on a Saturday). This is the first of it's kind of any hotel in the US. Although, I was bummed that they had just closed a few minutes before I arrived(they were even helping customers, but refused to open up for me). While I did have quick and easy check-in when I arrived at the hotel, I really wanted to take advantage of this convenience. This would honestly be the only con I had the entire stay. . . You can catch a cab outside the Signature as well, or they sometimes have Limos available for a reasonable rate. They held our luggage after check-out, and let us use the pool after check-out as well. . . All in all, it was a fantastic experience, and definitely worth the money.
Words can't express how awesome The Signature is.. . As with all Vegas luxury, it's something you have to pay for.  But if you have Mlife card, it becomes a whole lot more affordable.. . A fellow Yelper friend of mine had comps for a 2-bedroom suite, and it was amazing.  We had a nice view of Wet Republic and there were 3 bathrooms.  One in every bedroom, and one in the living room.  Also, the living room featured a convertible couch so it was technically like having 3 bedrooms.. . We were 3 dudes, and it was awesome knowing that we didn't have to share anything.. . While the MGM Signature is literally at the end of the strip, there really isn't much of a point to even hit the strip.  EVERYTHING is here.  There's a Fat Tuesday downstairs, their craps tables have awesome bonus bets, and the service is simply top notch.  And if you're trying to go to the club, Hakkasan is downstairs.. . This is where you wanna be if you play Mlife.
After staying in The Signature for two night I will not stay in any other hotel in Vegas any more, It is not perfect, but the size of the room, the decor, and everything else make it untouchable at it's price level.. . Free valet is a huge plus, and the elevatoris literally right around the corner from the entrance, if you had ever stay in any giant casino hotel before you know the pain of walking back and forward from the self-parking lot. Walking to the strip is not as painful as some people had mention too (move your ass, people).. . Only problem is their room only has one king bed, so it's not mean for family or group travel. And also the ridiculous "resort fee" which everyone else start charging, so I think I just have to live with it.Other than that, this is the perfect hotel for sweet Vegas trip.
We ended up at the Signature Suites at MGM Grand by finding a deal on Jetsetter.com. Our particular suite was managed by Luxury Suites International rather than MGM. From what I gathered these units are individually owned by managed by third parties. MGM must managed most of them but Luxury Suites has over a 100 of the 1800 units. The only difference is they use different people to clean your room, other than that you'd never know the difference. . . The pool at the MGM is nothing special, if you're looking for a party atmosphere try Mandalay Bay or Hard Rock. Yes there's a lazy river and another section called Wet Republic but nothing to write home about. . . The hotel was recently updated and has some good restaurants, a food court (which is nice to get your morning coffee / quick breakfast lunch) and also is the last stop on the Monorail. . . As for the suites, you can't beat them. Our Jr. Suite was 520 sq ft and was updated and well stocked with a microwave, mini fridge, and some utensils. For the money and the class, you get alot of value here. I'd certainly return to this hotel.
From start to finish this hotel made our Vegas stay just grand.. . Free valet?! Rooms setup like mini condos, including dishes, a blender, fridge, microwave, toaster, and everything you could ask for?! And a HUGE balcony patio?! I love it!. . And only a block or so away from the strip. So awesome.. . Got this room on a livingsocialdeals. Such a bargain for $217 for two days.. . We'd be back.
WOW. We showed up needing a good experience, since we wasted 3 nights at the NASTY Flamingo. Let me tell you MGM Signature Suite with Jacuzzi Tub, Balcony, view. This place was BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!. . We showed up and David checked us in. This guy was so GOOD! I can see why they had him working the front. He was a Nice, Informative guy, Very polite , Thanks !. . The Room was on Floor 28 and I dont think it could have been any nicer!!! Over 900 sqft.   Jacuzzi Tub and Balcony. The furniture alone was awesome. Desk had a pop up 42 inch TV, with HD and Oh so Clear for Football!  If I had to say one thing they need chairs on the balcony. Weird not seeing anything on the balcony but no big deal. The walk way to the casino wasnt bad at all, just a few minutes. Everything so clean and nice.. . Good Job David and MGM
I stayed here a few days ago and the hotel is so beautiful. Staff is courteous & they assist your every need. The bathrooms are so clean, luxurious, and pristine. The deli downstairs has friendly staff as well. It also has this long hallway that connects to the MGM and food court!!! I felt like I was in heaven! . . In addition the staff really took care of my needs.. . The rooms are spacious with amazing views of the strip and mountains. Best place I been to so far! I will be back soon!
I love this place not one complain. I would definitely recommend booking with Josh Gee through Jet Luxery Resorts. He gave me a really good price cheaper then going directly through MGM (702) 410-2903 :)
6 days of bliss.... . Pros. *no casino on site, but MGM Grand is only a 10 minute walk or 3 minute run. *each tower has its own valet so extremely fast. *each tower has its own pool (pools are never crowded) . *one-bedroom suite has its own full kitchen and multiple bathrooms (not helpful for us because my wife doesn't cook). *gated community. . Cons. *pull-out bed is uncomfortable. *food is not available after 8 pm unless you trek to MGM
Rooms are nice and have everything you need such as a mini lounge area, mini kitchen, refrigerator, microwave, bar area, nice bathroom with tv, and outside balcony.  It's much more peaceful and less hectic without the casino floor downstairs.. . Also, it's a short walk to the strip.  I would definitely stay here again.
This place is awesome!! The rooms are big and super clean! I love the bathroom it's HUGE! The bed is comfortable! I think we found our favorite place to stay while in Vegas! The only downfall is parking is valet so you just gotta wait about 5 min for your car depending on how many people want to leave same time as you.. . I got a really good deal on Groupon but would stay here even if there wasn't a good deal going on!
Great hotel. We had a room on the 25th floor with a balcony. The room has a full kitchen, 2 full baths, a jacuzzi tub in on bath and a huge shower in both baths. Separate toilet area and nice living area separate from the bedroom. Huge floor to ceiling windows. Here is what I recommend, try and get in tower one and get the side that will give you a view. We were on the airport side so that was our view from the living area. We had the strip as a view from the bedroom. Tower One is closer to the casino and to the strip if you want a shorter walk. I will defiantly stay there again when I go back.
MY NEW FAVORITE HOTEL TO STAY IN VEGAS!!!. . We were lucky enough to have the UPH on the 38th floor, the view from the balcony was SO BREATHTAKING!!!! Everything was clean, staff was super friendly and accommodating, bathrooms were big so we didn't have to fight over showers/mirrors!!. . Only con is that it is not technically on the strip. But a couple dollars cab fare will get you there :)
I loved this hotel ! We spent five nights in October 2013 here for our anniversary and my birthday. They were able to accommodate our request to be on a high floor in the first tower. Our plane was early and our room wasn't ready for a 10am check in so we could not take advantage of checking in at the airport. When we got to the Signature the front desk gave us a balcony upgrade to have less of a wait for our room. We were able to explore MGM and NYNY while waiting for our room. We were on floor 36 with an awesome strip view. Since there wasn't any seating on the balcony, I don't think it would be worth it to pay extra for the feature. We did have some great pre-date pictures on it though. It was nice to have, but it wouldn't have taken away from our stay if we didn't have it. The room was amazing though! The bed was so comfortable and I loved the pillows. I am shocked my husband didn't take the robe and just wait for the bill! He loved it! The bathroom was pure luxury. The shower was large and we really enjoyed the jetted tub. There was tons of space for us to both get ready at the same time. Our toilet did get clogged once, however maintenance was very quick to get it taken care of for us. It really isn't a bad walk to the strip. Worth the savings for such a nice room. We had to go to tower two to catch an early morning shuttle for our grand canyon tour. The distance between tower one and two is insignificant. I don't know about tower three. This would be the BEST place to stay if you are in Vegas for an MGM concert! . . Our stay was just incredible. Getting away from the busy casinos and other strip hustle and bustle every now and then was just what we needed to have the perfect Vegas vacation.
I have stayed at The Signature a total of 3 times. And each time has been better than the first.. . Each time I have had a room in the first tower which is closest to the MGM Grand people mover, and each time, I have been in a room with a balcony that overlooks the strip.. There is s Starbucks in the first tower as well, you are very close to the monorail and the casino at MGM, but you have the peaceful quality of not being in a casino hotel.. Check in is a breeze because you do not have the long lines as you do in some of the casino hotels. . They are very helpful and hold your bags if your room is not ready for check in yet, the rooms are clean and smoke-free and each tower has its own pool, and you are not far from Wet Repulic either.. All in all if you not are not set on staying in a Casino hotel, I would definitely suggest staying at The Signature.
As a business traveler who stays about 80-100 nights per year in hotel rooms and have been for the last 15 years, I would surmise that I have become a bit of a critic. To add, I am not a fan of Vegas, especially the strip, so when I do travel here for business, I never stay on the Strip, unless a particular conference I am attending is held there. That is until my most recent stay at MGM Signature...... Previously, my MGM experience was at the casino hotel and that place is the pits. The Signature is amazing. Ultra clean, large suite style modern rooms for a fraction of what I normally pay for rooms in other cities. Even better than the rooms is the spot on service providing by a perfectly eager staff (not too much, not too little). Even better, it is super quite and there is not a slot machine in site. If you prefer to partake in gambling, you can take a long walk over to the main hotel thru a closed walkway. . There is no doubt that my future travels to Vegas for work will include me staying here. As a Marriott Platinum Member, i will forgo those points in the future because the red carpet they roll out at the MGM for everyone is superb. . If i had to make one complaint, and i am sure this is out of the hands of the hotel is a the Starbucks located in the hotel is ridiculously expensive, the coffee in the room is just fine...FYI. . One other thing....I am not a Cowboy nor do i participate in rodeo activities in any way, but the national rodeo finals are here so there are lots of cowboys and cowgirls here. The Signature has been playing country music over the hotel lobby sound system. It is not aggressive, but just right. I have no opinion either way of country music but what a great touch to make the majority of their guests feel comfortable.
Great amenities- room quality- Not that long of a walk from Tower 1 to casino.  Great kitchen, bathroom - comparable to Wynn hotel.
I would say this room was the best value for the  price point. We paid a little over 100 per night. The room we stayed in was in the lower penthouse. It came with an in room jacuzzi for 2 people. The room offered free coffee and tea which is a step up for most hotels in Vegas. The room also had a kitchenette which appeared to be unused. Bedding was nice but the bed lacked a comforter. The view was also pretty amazing. The feel of the room was pretty modern. . . So the thing with these rooms is the location for the most part. It is about a 5 to 10 minute walk to the mgm Grand or strip if walking down Harmon. It offers a nicer feel of not being directly inside of a casino. Lots of guests had kids as it tailors alot to families. . . As a side note if you are going North on the strip do not walk through MGM Grand. Walk out the lobby onto Harmon and turn left. ..much quicker this way.
