Another awesome Cirque du Soleil show.  This one features acrobatic performers and water.  I'm always amazed at how they can pull off all of these moves in such an elegant and choreographed way.  My hat's off to the performers!. . I don't want to give away too much, but this show will simply amaze you.  It's worth seeing more than once.  There's no way I can keep my eye on everything going on.  Every time I see this show I see something different.. . Definitely worth the time and money while you're in Vegas.  When out of town visitors ask me what show to see when they're in Vegas, I mention this one as one of the Top 5 in town.. . Will I return?  Can't wait for the next time!
hmm... what can I say? Talented flexible acrobats flying through the air with an awesome pool like stage. I loved it... . . I am determined to see the rest of the shows in vegas.. but I did hear that out of all the cirque du soleil shows this was the best one... . . I guess we will have to see
"O" is seriously my favorite VegasShow!
New Year's Day in Vegas and after late night partying the night before, we had to catch a show.  Everyone suggested the O show was the best so we bought the best ticket possible to treat ourselves for the new year.  I've seen other Cique du Soleil shows such as KA, Mystere, and Zumanity, and didn't expect O to be too different from the other shows.  I must admit, I like the O show far better than the others.  Even though the concept' the same I enjoyed the production, custom, lighting and the experience far better than other Cirque du Soleil shows.  . . Look I am not much of a musical or theatre type.  I haven't even seen Phantom yet but I do appreciate the details and the production done well.  One person from my group wasn't too impressed.  I guess she was looking for amazing circus acrobat and so forth.  I don't think people would love Cirque du Soleil if it was just a circus with animals and acrobatic performance.  Like me, many appreciate the pageantry, music, lighting, stage, and rest which O show displays.  . I liked it better than Blue Man, Jubilee, and other performances in Vegas.
Awesome!!!  Its cirque with a new twist (well...not really new, they have been doing it a long time...it was new to me).  Incredible stage with the water and all.
This is probably my favorite Cirque show, and I've seen a LOT of them. It's all in the water, hence the name (pun on "eau," French for water).  Like many Cirque shows, the performers frequently enter and exit through the audience, and there's not a bad seat in the house, which makes the whole show feel very intimate while still epic in scope. If you're a bit of an engineering geek like me, the sheer mechanics of moving so much water in and out of tanks will amaze you, not to mention the out-of-this-world performers.. . A definite must-see.
Cirque's show O will never disappoint you and it is always an experience to behold, this great performers represent everything that is beautiful and wonderful about being a human being, poetry music and motion come together in an experience like no other. Enjoy the show and remember to blink, this show will transform what you think is possible by human beings. Make sure to grab seats in the center section if possible and right now there is some great deals for locals. Enjoy
I stepped into the theater & immediately noticed two things: the aquamarine-detailed ceiling & the faint smell of chlorine. The show hadn't even begun & already I felt positively surrounded by "O's" water motif. . . From our seats (section 203, center) we looked down at the stage, which took on various forms throughout the two hour show; sometimes it was a pool that performers dove into, other times it was solid ground for them to walk on. I was in awe of how quickly the transitions took place, how seamlessly gallons & gallons of water would drain. . . Maybe I was too mesmerized to notice, but I didn't catch a specific storyline. Each act was independent from the act before & after it. If you've seen other Cirque du Soleil shows, you know you can expect limber acrobats & performers who don't seem to possess a spine. The most beautiful part of the show is the fashion in which the red curtains are taken down & put back up. And I especially enjoyed the braided hair, doll-looking synchronized dancers. They are hauntingly perfect. . . I called the box office & paid $123 per ticket, which included a 25% off promotion they were running. I haven't seen or heard of deeply-discounted "O" tickets; a show this unique packs a full house every time.
Definitely worth the price of admission.  Although the "clown" portions of the show are probably the worst I've ever seen, the rest of the show makes up for it.
Incredible. I've seen a lot of shows from California to New York and this show blew me out of the water! The attire of the audience members range from formal to casual (jeans) and people of all ages were there. Booster seats are available for children. I don't remember any bad language, you do see a man in a costume where his butt is exposed, and the dancing is very sensual but I don't think it will really offend anyone. They do have a place to get snacks and drinks. The alcoholic drinks are very over priced, and there is no intermission. The show is about two hours long, but make sure you use the restroom before it starts - you don't want to miss a second of this performance. Truly.
This is the only Cirque du Soleil show i've ever seen, but I can't imagine one being much better than this because it was really incredible. All of the acrobatics and stunts were very impressive, and there were many moments that I remember thinking to myself, "How did they do that?" The music is beautiful, the water stage was unlike anything I had ever seen before, and you really feel like you're being drawn into the show. . . I probably wouldn't recommend this show for young children, they might be bored. Otherwise I think this show is good for all ages.
Money well spent! Our seats were row 105 section H 1&2 (right side as soon as you walk into the auditorium. It was an amazing experience and I'm glad that my bf also liked it. Security was very strict on having people take pictures on their camera and phones. Even if you were just checking your text, email or whatever, they will communicate it to other security personnel and they will personally tell you to turn off your phone. I felt like I was in Paris watching circus. The clowns in the beginning of the show were HILARIOUS. The cast was very interactive and we were so close enough to view the cast up close. If you are sitting on the front row, watch out because you might get WET. . The costumes and music were spectacular! It made me get out of the "real world" even if it were only an hour and a half. . The only thing I was very disappointed about is that the ending could have been better. They could have ended it with a BANG! . I would definitely watch it all over again!
It was O-mazing!  Yeah,I went there, I did!. From start to finish I was captivated, I truly was!  The music was beautiful!  The choreography was BEAUTIFUL!  THE ENTIRE SHOW WAS SIMPLY BEAUTIFUL! . Thrilled that my husband got me second row seats and it is definitely a must see for both locals and tourists alike.  I would see it again ten more times if the offer ever stood!. You will not be disappointed, it was AMAZING!
Just watching that pool come and go was awesome.  This was a great entertaining show. I was always on the edge of my seat wonder what was coming next.  The performers are amazing.
The show was amazing. We had third row balcony ticket. At the beginning of the show when they are doing stuff in the crowded, you pretty much can't see anything unless you are in the first row of the balcony or in the lower sections. After that when the show really starts nothing blocks your view of the show (unless you have a very very tall person in front of you).. . The show is amazing, worth seeing it again.
The "O" Show was spectacular. I have seen many different Cirque du Soleil shows all around the country and even in Macau, but nothing comes close to the magic of the "O" Show. We sat in the front row left section, which was amazing, because we saw the details of the artists' gestures, expressions, and interactions on stage. It really makes the front row worth the experience. If I could, however, I highly recommend that you try to pick out the seats on the center Orchestra section about 8-12 rows from the front. This is so that you can see the entire stage in one view to watch the movements and interactions. If you are on the left or right section, your view will be biased as you will be more focused on the either section, although the performance is designed symmetrically. And being at the front, makes you too focused on the artists in front of you, more so than the group as a whole. I am not saying that it does not make a huge difference, but if I had the choice, I would choose to sit center orchestra section a few rows towards the back. . The performance is stellar. And the design of the stage is amazing too. The way that the stage constantly turns into a pool and back to a normal stage is incredible and the way that the artists constantly move in and out of the stage/pool in perfect timing, just makes you wonder how that is even possible. There is no need for me to further discuss the beauty of the show and spoil the show by sharing the details with everyone here. But, I will share one very important piece of information with you. Perhaps, this is the most important. I suggest that you search online rigorously before you plan on buying the tickets, because I got a promotional code that Bellagio was offering online for a limited time span and got 25% off. I got the best front row orchestra seats for 25% off. Otherwise, you will be spending 150 + tax & fees per ticket. The current code is "Bellagio" for 25% off. It changes periodically and seasonally. So, do your research!
Wow, this show was amazing. Granted, I splurged on tickets -- for section 102, row G, each ticket was $165. But well worth it. Granted, I couldn't really understand the storyline (if it existed) but that didn't seem to matter because the show's acrobatics were phenomenal. Between the tumbling, dancing, water moves, fire dancing and everything else, we were glued to the stage the entire time. . . Granted, I thought the breaks in the show with funny clowns seemed a bit out of place, but they were nevertheless entertaining. Just a great production overall and worth every penny.
I am by no means an expert on Cirque du Soleil, this was only my second time seeing a show.  But wow, what an awesome show!  Unbelievable stage design, almost seamless stage transitions, great music & sound system, creative costumes, lighting, and amazing acrobatics.. . I was captivated form start to finish, loved the whole thing.
This show is UNBELIEVABLE! If you can only see one show in Vegas, this should be the one. The variety of acts is incredible- dancers, acrobats, divers, synchronized swimmers, and more. Don't skimp on the tickets either, you'll want to get the best tickets you can afford. The stage is basically a huge pool of water and the closer you sit the better. This show will ruin any show you see after it. Every time the BF and I see a new show we always compare it to O. Nothing, not even other Cirque shows, have come close.
Listen people,. . DO YOUR RESEARCH!  I can not stress this enough.  Do you sit in the front row, or even the first couple of rows when you see a movie?  No?  Then what makes you think that sitting close to a production show where there could be 2-30,40,50 preformers on stage at any given point would be a good seat?  When you buy online the computer is PROGRAMMED to assigned whatever is closest to the stage.  "Best available" is subjective.  Close does not =better view.  The closer you are the less of the show you are going to see.  . . Yes the first three rows are "wet seats".  It states that fact online when you buy your tickets.  When you pick up your tickets, your tickets themselves also have "wet seats" printed on them.  When you call to book over the phone directly with the hotel, the agents also inform the caller of how close the seats are and that being that close, one would in fact fall in the "wet seat" zone in addition to looking up during the aerial acts.  If you are unsure what type of tickets you are getting online CALL the phone number listed on bellagio.com under "O".  . .  O was named after the french word for water which is eau, pronounced like the letter O in the american alphabet.  It is a water based show that also encoporates ALL of the elements in it.  There is only so much room the the theater.  The pool can only be so big.  How boring would it be if EVERYTHING was done in the water.  This show is 12yrs old.  Older than most every other Cirque Du Soleil show currently out.  Other shows have copied THIS one with certian acts.  This one was the one that set the standard for the others to follow.  . . Don't come to a show you know nothing about.  There are too many resources online to remain ignorant.  Check out youtube, watch some clips or trailers.  CALL an agent that sells the show tickets and get some feed back from them.  Pick their brains.  Thats what they are there for.  Never been to this show?  Have no idea what the theater is like?  Never been to a show period, in Las Vegas?  CALL a human being and talk to the agents at the call center for MGM Resorts International, they are the ones selling the tickets to you.  They've seen every Cirque show here in Las Vegas.  Trust me, they know what they are talking about.  FYI the box office only handles face to face reservations.  Phone reservations are done off property in a corporate office.  They are still the hotels.
This show was amazing, although I haven't seen any other show like this in Vegas. I've only seen Cirque Bizerk in Los Angeles because it was free (I wouldn't have paid for those tickets). However, I totally feel the O show was totally worth $116 tickets. . . Every detail from set changes, to costumes, to choreography, lighting, music...it was just fantastic! This show was constantly moving and had my attention throughout.. . I don't think I would choose a seat on the main floor for this. Like some people probably have mentioned...a close seat does not necessarily mean a better seat. Instead, we were quite happy and pleased with our balcony seats.
This was my first Cirque show and it will not be my last. I don't have anything to compare it to having never seen anything like this in my life. All I can say is Wow!. I paid regular price for some great seats 10 rows up and I thought it was well worth it. Not sure exactly what it was about.... but it was amazing!
O, OOOO, OOOOOOHHHH MY GOSH, That is kind of how I felt when watching this awesome show, my wife and I were lucky enough to get some great special treatment and we were able to sit in the production booth and watch this show and take a backstage tour after. Now, those perks obviously added to the overall experience but without that I would say this was the most amazing show I have ever seen. First of all the theater itself was amazing and the the design of everything was simply perfection. All of the different acts hold there own level of intensity and none of them lack that O factor. From the seating we had we had a great view of the stage and how complex the entire production really is. . . I was shocked to learn that the music for the show is performed live, yeah you heard right that is not a recording. The music was spot on and keeps you licked into the show for sure. . . We have a friend that we have met through Verve and she is one of the Amazing performers in the show and after we were lucky enough to be shown around back stage by her and learn a little more about the complete awesomeness and the struggles that some of these performers go through to become a part of this awesome production. This was an extremely awesome way to spend an evening and I would go back and do it again if I ever had the chance.. . I would recommend this show to anyone coming into Vegas, Not that I need to, It looked like everyone in Vegas had already decided to go considering the theater was packed.
An absolute must see! We took my Mom to see the show as well as our sister...and we loved it both times. The aerialists are spectacular and the water element is breathtaking. True professionals and an incredible experience for the audience. This is an especially great show to take someone to that may not be that into theatre, as it is thrilling and captivating. The use of live musicians and vocalists adds depth and emotion, as well as an awe factor, as everything in the show hinges on perfect execution from all members.. . Pros: Cast, script, director, water & fire elements, aerialists, live music. . Cons: None!
O yeah. This was my first Vegas show and it was amazing. I loved every second of it.. . Seats: Section 103, F 6/7. Damn. Great. Seats. (But that's just my opinion. I could see how being a few rows back to see a bit more of the stage as a whole would be better for some people.). . Price: yeah, expensive...but that's why you should be a MLife players club member and get that shiz 2-for-1 and stop your bitchin'!. . It's so different seeing these kind of acrobatics and aerial stunts in person. How can somebody's body do that? It is truly impressive. Everything was really beautiful.. . My only complaint is that I didn't have more pairs of eyeballs to take everything in. I guess this just means that I'll have to see it again!
What a phenomenal experience. Absolutely nothing can prepare someone from the sheer awesomeness that happens on stage during this presentation, nothing. Tickets were close to $200, but as an arts major in college and having a special chunk of my heart set aside for musical and visual production, it was easily the best money spent on my trip to Las Vegas. Without giving the premise of the show away, I will say that there is water, there is a stage, sometimes the performers are swimming and diving and within a matter of moments they're on dry land again. There is diving from freakish heights, there are clowns, there is dancing, and a remarkable musical composition. This is not a travelling show, it can't be produced anywhere other than a stationary very highly technical theater so if you find yourself looking for a unique experience in Las Vegas this is it.
When I went to Vegas last year, I booked through Southwest Airlines (the Air Taxi as I call it) which had a package that included a ticket to one of the Cirque de Soleil shows in Vegas. Since I had never seen a Cirque show in person I checked up on Yelp (naturally) and found that everyone raved about O, so I chose this one. I was expecting to be falling asleep because with all the dimmed lights, but was I dead wrong. . This show is in the Bellagio hotel (amazing hotel by the way). No matter where you sit, the way everything is angled you will not miss the action ...I even got to see the scuba divers at the bottom of the tank. The clowns that come out before the show to keep everyone entertained were hilarious. . I had never watched a Cirque show (only seen quick clips), but it is something you need to experience in person because the way the choreography and acrobatics are performed are just jaw dropping. The music that accompanies is amazing too. This show just kept me alert and awake
Super amazing, jaw dropping stunts/effects and transports you to a different world... a definite must see, in my opinion! Sign up for a M Life card and receive 25% discount on some shows.
I was highly impressed by this show, it was funny and graceful and just a well rounded experience. I had no idea what to expect but i enjoyed it very much. The stunts were awesome and the hard bodies at work were awesome to watch. Definitely go!
I've seen several Vegas shows since I saw 'O' years ago, and it is still my favorite show in Vegas. Make sure you buy tickets in advance; at least the last time I checked, O isn't included in the discounted 'half-price' tickets that you can get on the day of the show for many other shows in Vegas. It is a bit pricey compared to other shows but well worth the unique experience. I recommend the show to everyone visiting Las Vegas and would definitely see it again myself.
The most surrealistic of the Cirque shows, and perhaps the most artful, this show resembles a cabaret.  Haunting, soulful music, and ethereal sets rank this Cirque as the most romantic.  I somehow got less expensive tickets for a Sunday night show, and was tired by the time we rolled in, so the show took on an appropriate dream like quality which lulled me into the beauty of the water theme.  Graceful and fluid, this show takes on the characteristics of the water that accompanies most of the acts.  Beautiful costumes enhance the already beautifully conditioned bodies of the performers, making this the most magical Cirque production.
Good show, you won't be disappointed.
Best Cirque show on the strip.  The performers are amazing, the acts are jaw dropping, and the music suites every act perfectly and really helps feeling engaged in the performance.  I have seen the show twice and suggest choosing the seats in the front row of the balcony, really allows to take in everything going on throughout the entire stage.  Just writing this review makes me want to see it again, its that good.
O is for Outstanding.. This is my new favorite Cirque show! There were several classic acts with an aquatic twist, as well as some new ones that you won't see anywhere else. I didn't want to miss anything so sometimes it was hard to watch everything that was going on!. . O is for Originality. . Where else are you going to see all four elements - fire, earth, water and air - utilized in one show? The amphibious costumes were unlike anything I've ever seen before, although they kind of made everyone look androgynous. The dynamic pool-stage is just as impressive as the performers, raising and lowering the water level at will.   . . O is for Oohs, Ahs and Oh-my-gahs.. There were several points in the show that I had to hold my breath. This show will definitely keep you on the edge of your seat! Just a warning, we were in the fourth row from the stage; if you're in the first few rows you will get a little wet!
Cirque du Soleil's O seriously blew my mind. I could watch it one hundred times over and never get bored. . . My boyfriend and I made a big to-do about the whole night. We got all dressed up and went to Todd English's Olives for a fancy dinner and then headed over to the O theater. The theater itself is absolutely beautiful. We were seated in section 105, aisle seats, 2nd row from the stage. These were the cheapest seats ($93.50 + tax) because they were in the "limited view" area. I was a little worried about this when we bought the tickets, but we definitely did not have a limited view! There is a bit of a corner where the performers come out, so you are not able to see the very edge of the side that they are actually trying to hide (there are so many people and pieces of equipment back there!), so I would recommend getting these seats because you are close enough to see the amazing details of the costumes and makeup and you can see everything perfectly on stage for a cheaper price! Also, I did not get wet in these seats, so I really do not know what people are complaining about. I felt maybe one or two drops and a light mist for a few minutes during a specific scene in the performance (I don't want to give it away!), but I was in a nice dress and had just done my hair, so believe me, I would be the first to complain if this was actually a problem. . . The performance was stunning. I can't believe how people are not impressed by these feats. I must say that my favorite performer was the fan dancer/drag guy =]. The human body is absolutely amazing - it must have taken them years of practice to perfect their skills. I have an immense amount of respect for these people. Not only did the performers have strength, endurance, and bravery (you could never get me that high in the air), but they seemed to truly care that the audience was excited about what they were doing. I also found that there was a plot to the performance, although I won't say what it was because I do not want people to get mad for me giving it away. Maybe I just made up a story in my head, but I really think the performance can be anything that you really want it to be. It's art - they are creative, you should be too! . . I know it is a bit expensive to go, but it is not an everyday occurrence, so I definitely recommend splurging - it is something you will never forget!
One of the most visually stunning shows I have EVER seen! EVER! I just don't think it gets better than O! . My best friend and I went to Vegas for a girl's weekend and we each picked a show. Her choice was O. I had never seen it before and she told me that she planned on changing that ASAP. I didn't have very high expectations, I mean how great could it really be? But she raved about it so I went in with an open mind. . The theatre is beyond beautiful. The music sends you to another place. The costumes are eye candy by themselves. The whole show transports you to another world where the line between reality and fantasy is blurred to perfection. The cast...wow. Their dedication to their craft is obvious. I spent the evening on the edge of my seat with chills running up and down my spine. Yes, it really is that damn good. . You pay a pretty penny for tickets, but it is so worth it. I will be back...again and again. Because it is such a feast for your eyes, I think more than one viewing is necessary. . Simply put, amazing. If I could give it more stars, I would.
Worth every penny! From the beginning to the end, every minute was captivating. Can't wait for my next cirque show! Cirque du so WOW!!!
This is my favorite Cirque du Soleil show.  The first time I saw it, I had the balcony seats and didn't like how I could see everything that was going on underwater so this time, when our seats were right in the center, they were perfect!  I think the best seats in the house would have been the row right in front of ours, since we had a couple with big heads in front of us.  . . When you're buying tickets, try to go for Upper Orchestra, Section 203, third row (whatever letter it is...you'll see that it's the first full row on the map), seats 11, 12, 13...around there is smack dab in the center.  We were in the fourth row so that's why we had people in front of us but it was still amazing seats and I don't think there's really a bad seat in the house.  But if I have to recommend specific seats, go for those.  Get there a little early...the clowns come out and roam the crowds a bit and it's really fun to watch them before the show starts.  My 10 year old daughter had a blast and I'm sure this will be one of the memories that will stick out in her mind about Vegas.
It's sort of excellent combination of Acrobatics and stage design. . . What amazed me is the design part - music, costumes, lights and cute/mute dialogues . As to the skill part, I've seen more complicated and difficult ones a decade ago. I appreciate the hardworking but it really doesn't surprise me at all.. . I was sitting in the first row and feeling over dressed for the show at the beginning. But after seeing it, I think it worth me dress up for.
This is my favorite Cirque du Soleil show.  The theater is wonderful and there is no bad seat.  The costumes were out of this world and the use of water was astonishing!  I thought KA was elementally intriguing but O just blew my mind.  This show is a must see for anyone visiting Las Vegas.  You have to see it, at least, once in your life time.  Bravo to the cast and everyone who has helped put this extraordinary show together.
First off, I'd like to thank all the previous Yelp reviews for alerting me to the fact that by mentioning the word "Bellagio" when booking by phone I get an instant 25% off. BINGO!. . As far as seating goes, the past reviews were mixed in opinions, which only lead to massive confusion and indecisiveness. But after calling in to the box office 3 times and asking friends I felt I was able to make a sound decision. Sure enough, I couldn't have been more happy with my seating choice and so I'd like to offer my.... . OFFICIAL SEATING BREAKDOWN:. . - Back of section 103 is pretty much unanimously voted the best seats of the house. But apparently these seats are incredibly hard to get - either reserved for VIP guests or you have to book early.. - Sitting in the first few rows is still at the highest price tier, but is going to be a total neck strain as you're trying to catch all the action of the entire stage.. - I sat on the balcony in section 303. The first row of the balcony hovers over row S in section 203, so it was not as far back as I had first imagined. First row of balcony has a railing and security does not allow you to lean forward. I would opt for the second row (where I sat) as center as possible, even though the entire section is centered and decent. Honestly, I thought the balcony had great seats. You were able to see everything that was going on for a great price. A few reviews mentioned how the scuba divers were distracting, but I thought it was interesting to see how the mechanics of the pool worked.. - If you can't get the best seats of the house, save some money and sit in section 303.. . And as for the show.... I don't think there's much I can say that you don't know already. There's a reason why O is so popular, and that's because it's absolutely mind-blowing. Play close attention to the red curtains at the beginning. The reveal was breathtaking. If you're a Cirque du Soleil virgin (like I was), this is definitely a great one to start with!
Out of the 5 Cirque shows that I've seen, O is by far the MOST AWESOME!. . Made even MORE awesome by the GREAT deal David G and I got on tickets through seller pcl_las on eBay (2 center orchestra tickets, Section 103, Row K, seats 5&6 - $170/seat face value, for $240 total - delivered to our hotel), this was the most memorable show experience I've ever had.. . Between the lithe acrobats, the stunning costumes and changing set, the live music and mesmerizing singing, and the WATER element, I was almost moved to tears during this spectacular performance.  I've loved all the Cirque shows, and yet have never wanted to see a repeat of any of them - until this one.. . Something about that water element made it so amazing!. . If you're going to Vegas, I'd highly recommend seeing this show.  But look for tickets on eBay first.  If you're as lucky as we were, seller Patty (pcllas.lv@yahoo.com) will make your show experience even more memorable than you can imagine!!
I keep hearing things about this show so I made it a show stopper to come see what I hear is the best show in Vegas.  I had my hopes up really high and usually that's not a good sign.. . The theater for O is pretty nice.  When the doors opened you walked through the doors and got led through a hallway of very beautiful sculptures of characters in O.  They came in many different sizes and I stopped to look and admire many of the pieces.  Once you walk past the artwork you are at the theater doors where ushers help point you to the right seat.  . . The O theater is pretty nice and cozy.  We had center seating about 10-15 rows back.  We sat down for a few minutes when the show "started" with some of the case walking around and we thought were just goofing off with some crowd interaction to get the crowd into it.  This went on for about 10 minutes and there were some good laughs.  What we didn't know was that this was a lead into the show and an introduction to some of the characters. . . I don't really want to write an in depth review to spoil this show so I'll just say, if there's one show you want to see in Vegas it's O!!!. . Visually it's beautiful, the music and vocals are gorgeous...and live.  There is a lot going on so don't sit to close or you can miss things.  I was taken through a roller coaster of emotions but the one that was there throughout was joy.  At times I was scared...you'll know when you see it and when the show ended I wanted to cry because I didn't want it to stop.  . . Did I mention I didn't sleep the night before and was running on an all nighter while watching the 10pm show?  It kept me awake and wanting more.  I'd definitely see this show again!
My company had discounted front row tickets so on my last trip to Vegas a few weekends ago I definitely made use of those.  I've been wanting to see O for several years but the shows have either been sold out or out of my price range at the time.  I was ABSOLUTELY blown away by this show.  I could have gone back the next night for another show.  This is by-far the best Cirque du Soleil show that is out there.  . . Helpful hint: The first three rows are considered "splash" seats, because you do get a bit wet.  The lady next to me must have not gotten the memo because she grumbled the entire show about it.  You don't get soaking wet or anything but the mist from the water is inevitable because of how close you are to the stage, plus the clowns like to squirt their squirt guns haha.. . If you've been on the fence about going becauseof money, I totally recommend the splurge - it is worth EVERY penny!
Mesmerizing. Stunning.  An absolute must-see!  It took me years to finally watch, but SO glad I did.  The view from the second level orchestra (Section 203, Row S7) was excellent.  I can't say anything about the lower level, but I think the distance and height makes for better viewing.. . It blows all other Cirque du Soleil shows out of the water!
What a fantastic production! The scale and skill of this show is definitely a must see. This was my first Cirque show and I can't wait to see another one. All the performers from the synchronized swimmers to the clowns were great. Definitely see this show if you get a chance.
My very fist Cirque show and I was so stunned and amazed and impressed. I couldn't believe how fast those swimmers got in and out of the water, and there were terrific dives from great heights on perilous see saws and acrobats flying through the air on metal ships in the sky, just to name a few of my favorite things. . . The performers at Cirque are absolutely the best of the best, and they go all out and the show is so worth the money. Go see it!!
Zumanity was great, Mystere is superb, but O is the best. Can't wait to see Ka and Love.. . If you have never seen a Cirque show you haven't experience Vegas. It's worth the price tag.. . . Read more detailed Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
AMAZING!! saw it twice and still willing to go back for more. but if this is your 1st cirque show..... well you will never see anything better! great for kids, couples, grandparents. JUST BEAUTIFUL!
O is breathtaking and beautiful. I loved it.  After seeing Mystere and Elvis too, both great Cirque shows, I can say that O is my favorite. It has great stunts and a good storyline.. . My advice on seating is to go for section 203. It in the middle; it's low enough to see well, but high enough to see everything. And as far as buying tickets, we went to the box office the day before and got tickets for Friday's 7:30 show easily. . . Go see it and enjoy.
PROS: The costumes, the characters, the lights, the acrobatics, the huge 1 million gallon pool, the enticement!! OMG this show is a MUST SEE! I'm seriously in love. I was completely absorbed in every moment of the 1 hour 40 minute show!!. . My boyfriend bought us tickets to celebrate my birthday here, and I have been and still am extremely happy from the experience. . . The 1800 seat gorgeous theater was completely filled! Our seats were almost as perfect as I could have wanted. It wasn't up too close where you'd have to look up, hurt your neck, and get your nice cocktail dress or suit drizzled by the water. And it wasn't up too high where you can't see squash. Our seat number was Section 102 Row N, which is in the middle of the auditorium. Seriously, spend the slight extra money for good seats because you'll probably enjoy it so much that you'd want to go back. (Then... you might as well get the cheaper ones).. . As for the show, I won't elaborate too much because there are so many reviews and synopses online about the story. Some people I talked to didn't seem to catch the story, and others did. But overall, it was magnificent.. . Just to announce it again: Highly, highly recommended!!! I was so in love with the show that I bought the "O" cushion frame/folder with our pictures inside for $40.. . Also, to sum it up... Few hours after the show, we stayed at Bellagio to play for a bit, and we ended up playing craps with Guy Laliberte... Umm WOW? (pictures posted for your entertainment). . . CONS: None!. . :)
It's interesting reading all the "bad" reviews of this show. I just don't get it.. . I've seen nearly all the Cirque shows in the US, including the ones that tour. (The latter is probably the most "disappointing" of them all since you're able to do so much more with a permanent stage.) . . This is the best Cirque show I've ever seen, hands down. There's a reason why it gets so many rave reviews!. . One of the main reasons that crops up for the bad reviews of the show on Yelp has to do with the "lack of plot." If plot is something that's so drastically important to some, then go see a theater production or Cirque's Ka. Personally, the reason why I wasn't a huge fan of Ka was that it followed a story *too* much, IMPO. Cirque shows are known for their THEMES not their PLOTS, and O is no different.. . The show is breathtaking from beginning to end. The clowns offer some fun interludes and the costumes and theater are absolutely amazing. Cirque really used the theme of O (water) to affect every pore of this production.. . If you can afford it, you have to see this show. You won't regret it. Just don't come expecting a plot and try to focus on what's going on in front of you (Cirque shows have a great deal going on in the background.)
Definitely one of the best Cirque's we've seen.  I would rate it 2nd behind LOVE, and it's my wife's favorite.  If you like this, I recommend trying out Le Reve also at the Wynn.  It's not a Cirque, but it is verysimilar to O, and an all around great show.
Cirque has done it once again.  This was a fantastic show and the wonderfully talent company did not disappoint this night.. . We had very nice seats at the back of the theatre but not so far away as you were struggling to see the goings on.  In fact, the seats were like comfy arm chairs you have in your own living room in the far back row.  I'm guessing they use them to accommodate the folks that need a bit more room, etc.  I'm not sure how we ended up with the last two but we did.  Very nice.. . There were some moments where I was fearful for the performers but only because I have a fear of heights and I don't know how they do this stuff.  . . All in all incredible and awe inspiring.  A must see if you have the time while in the big city.
This show is a MUST-SEE!!!. . This show was so unique, in that it was performed in a 25ft deep pool! These performers are AMAZING! Not only can they do gymnastics and acrobatics, but they are amazingly beautiful swimmers and divers. . . The element of water gave this show a very intriguing, captivating, and almost sensual edge, compared to other cirque shows. . . Every moment of the show was thrilling to watch, and every part of the show will appeal to ALL ages. . . The production itself was also fantastic. The music really complimented the acrobatics perfectly, and took you on a ride of different emotions/feelings. And it was ALL done live (music, singing, performing).. . We had middle balcony seats, which we were very nervous about before the show. But honestly, I had zero complaintsabout the view!! If you can only seem to get balcony seats, I would say go for it!...But try to get the seats in the middle of the rows of the balcony, so you wont have to watch it from a weird angle.. . This show was one of the most stunning performances I have ever seen. I will be back in Vegas to see the other Cirque shows!!!
I've only seen a total of 3 Cirque shows, but out of them 3, this is the best one. . . When I go to see the circus, this is what I'm expecting to see - magnificent acrobatics, impossibly high jumps and catapults, incredible music and just a huge production. What really attracted me to this show was the fact that it wasn't heavy on the storyline, which is what the other Cirque shows seem to run on. Really not my thing.. . Besides the fella crackin the whip, the crazy water scenes and the amazing music, I really loved the comic relief that the 2 goofball clowns provided. Highly amusing, those 2. Another thing that had me biting my nails was the girl who was walkin up/balancing up the string of a rope she was walking on. The entire audience had a huge *GASP* moment when she kinda flinched and almost looked like she was going to fall. But she didn't! It was really amazing. . . Another thing I love about Vegas Cirque shows: the pre show. I love the fact that they have audience interaction segment. Makes paying almost $200 worth it. . . There was also a "splash zone" by the very front. Amusing, but I don't recall the people sitting in that area getting really wet. They might have been sprinkled, but not really a huge splash.. . Would I go again? As much as I want to, I won't. I want to be able to see all the shows in Vegas so this one is off my list. I thoroughly enjoyed it though and I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to see a Cirque show. Five out of five.
first time I was blown away in Vegas. After so many trips there, so many shows. No other performance can be compared to it. You gotta see it yourself! Absolutely amazing!
absolutely amazing show! definite must see! everything was fantastic...the music, the acts, the effects, and the great usage of water. simply entertaining from start to end.
What else can you say except AMAZEBALLS!
Holy shit balls what an incredible show! The fiance took me during our one night in Vegas drive through. Seriously I'm not a wuss but I cried through the first 30 minutes of the show! It was totally embarrassing. I def suggest you see this if you can. It's the first Cirque De Soleil and still one of the best selling, and in Vegas that says something. You WILL be amazed!
O M G. O took my breath away.. . Swimming pool on the stage? Check. . Diving board 50ft up in the air? Check. Contortionists? Check. Glitzy Vegas surroundings? Check. Great music? Check. Possibility to buy the CD at the door? Check.. . But O Cirque du Soleil, you had me at the swimming pool. (tear)
Acrobatics, water ballet, comedy, and magic...... I suppose these are the keywords/tags I would use when describing this performance.. Every single second I was in awe.. I tried to document every fascinating snippet as I experienced the magical moment this group of talented performers brought.. Not only are they extremely talented in what they are able to do with their bodies, they also show a heck of a lot of trust. Performing 10 times a week and going through a year's training before performance shows determination and passion for what they do. I am very impressed.. I found the clowns adorable with their acts and some of their stunts like mini magic tricks, the water ballet simply fierce yet graceful, the acrobatics and flame jugglers fabulous and precise.... Standing ovation. Best show in Vegas and with the full audience to show.
This is the best show on the strip period. I have seen this show twice and it was amazing on both visits as I caught the nuances I missed out the first time. The submerging stage is a great achievement. All the acrobats are top notch. Maybe it was the first Cirque production I saw but it is still memorable. This is an awe inspiring production and Cirque gets all the credit they deserve for turning the entertainment industry around in the city of sin. If there was one show I would recommend in Las Vegas this one would be it.
the parking at this casino is far away from where you want to park...lol.. . O the first Cirque Du Soleil that i wanted to watch because they did a mini show on the news once.  I think it was NBC.  So i really was excited to see this.  How could you not?  It was the first circus act to perform with water, other than a guy climbing a ladder really high in the air and diving into it...hmm, pier 39 comes to mind in san francisco, I miss that show.. . So about this show.  I can't tell you too much because ITS A MUST SEE!  There are so many people in this show its amazing.  I kept thinking were these people gymnasts who learned how to dive?  The thing is they have a HIGH in the air act.  They have these swings that they man themselves and gather momentum to jump into the air and perform an acrobatic move before diving into the water.  HEY!  WHERE DID THAT DIVER GO!?!?!?  HEY!  WHERE DID THAT PERSON JUST COME FROM!?!?!?!  they've been under the water for how long?  I don't see where they came from...How big is that stage?  How long, how do they know they won't fall or drop into the water?  It must take a LOT OF PRACTICE.. . Oh, that diver on that particular stunt, didn't get enough rotation and hit the water a bit flat...WOW.. . OH JUST GO SEE THIS SHOW!  Its an original!
Amazing!!! It makes you realize and be grateful that there are people out there with the imagination to create such a story and presentation and those that can execute it.  I've seen quite a few Cirque shows and this one is at the top of my list.  I would recommend it to anyone, even if you think you've seen it all, you really haven't.
To summarize with one word: STUNNING.. . If I could rename the O show, I would call it the O So Random show.  Lots of water.  Fire.  Clowns.  Weddings.  Ships.  Spaceship.  Random.. . I'm sure there was a storyline of some sort behind the production, but I was too busy staring at the acrobatics to even follow the story.  But that's okay.  This show is all about intaking the stage and performers with your eyes.  So much is happening at once and while I want to concentrate on the center act, my eyes were drawing attention to the ensemble and other parts of the stage.. . Loved the fire poi and any of the diving acts.   Just amazing.. . And my mom really, really enjoyed it, which is rare since she's Asian, doesn't understand anything, and mostly just complains about how things don't make sense and suck, but she absolutely LOVED this.
Absolutely a beautifully choreagraphed, mesmerizing performance. And before I forget to say this, CALL AHEAD AND SEE IF ANY "LIMITED VIEW SEATING" is available. We got seats for 2/3 the price of the ones right next to us (in 4th row of upper orchestra). We really had no problems seeing the stage or the performers, and the only reason they call these seats "limited view" is because there is a handrail or guardrail that blocks 5-10% of the stage in your line of sight. The reality, is that the people sitting in front of us blocked more of the edge of the stage than the guardrails, so that was not even an issue for us!. . so briefly, acrobatics, synchronized swimming, diving, an interesting story line, "crowd involvement," and of course, their wonderful clown transitional performances just do such a sensational job of drawing you in to each and every moment of the performance. The only thing is that there is always SO MUCH to see that is going on simultaneously that you can't possibly catch it all! . . If you are looking for a classy demonstration of raw power, yet elegance, grandiosity, but yet refinement, then come and check out O.
Simply amazing.  You will be captivated and truly thankful for having experienced such beauty and artistry.  The acrobatic displays and water aspect will leave you in awe.  You will appreciate the dedication and craftsmanship it takes to produce such a magnificent spectacle.
Best Cirque show yet! I've only been to one other Cirque show (LOVE at the Mirage), but I find this one to be incredibly hard to top. We had Loggia seats, which at first I was concerned about because I thought that our view wouldn't be as good as Section 1 seating, but I was not disappointed whatsoever. My only minor complaint was that the theatre got very cold during the show, so bring something warm to wear!
I've never seen a show quite like it. Really this is one of the best shows I've ever seen and I'm not sure how to compare it. There are the many acrobats and contortionists but with the the music and costumes and water and sets are all just amazing. See it and you will have a great time.
I have no doubt that this was the best show I'll ever see in my life, hands down.. . From the moment I stepped in to the auditorium I had a huge, beaming smile on my face. To me, it's all about the attention to detail. True circus is about playing with the audience's expectations, and at that, these guys are masters.
The best show I have ever seen!!, there are not words to describe the show! Spmething you MUST see if you are in Las Vegas!!!
Phenomenal!!!  By far the coolest thing I found in Vegas!  There must be 85 people in that show -- clowns, dancers, acrobats, singers, musicians, SCUBA divers -- and it is choreographed beautifully!  Like everything, I guess, the show is bigger in Vegas.  The water adds a whole new element and level of complexity to Cirque!  I just loved it.  And it is perfect to go outside and watch the Bellagio fountains before and after.  A great evening!
Cirque du Soleil shows always amaze me.  O is no exception.  I'm glad that I was finally able to watch it during my last trip to Vegas, since it's always sold out whenever I go.. . There's a lot that you can like about O.  incredible water acrobatics, comedy, amazing contortionists, and great music.  There are definitely a lot of amazing moments going on in the 90 minutes that you spend in the O Theatre.   . . Sadly, I can't say that it's my favorite out of the 3 CdS shows I've seen.  Maybe it was the high expectations that I had for it since everyone said it was the best show they've ever seen and also its won many awards.  Personally I liked both KA and LOVE a lot better but that's just my personal taste.  Overall, despite it not being my favorite, it's still worthy of earning 5 stars from me because of the high production value and it is a definite must see when you're in Vegas.
WOW!!!  Phenomenal...Overall it has everything you'd expect from Cirque du Soleil and from Vegas: talented performers, amazing musical score performed live, amazing set and show.  The stage has a 1.5 million gallon tank.... Again if you're sitting up close, it may get a bit interactive.  I would love to see this show again!  Next time I'll hit up the Mystere, Elvis, or MJ, or KA shows.  A MUST if you're there near the Bellagio.  Always best to get tickets to shows early.  Seats are will call.  This show will amaze with an overall visual appeal set to beautiful singing and dancing.
Loved it! Went with friends and enjoyed the artistry and creativity!  If you're not a fan of Cirque du Soleil the incredible divers and contortionists might change your mind.  Out of our group there was only one hold out.  She said she is not a circus fan and it was too artsy.  Dare I say she is a self proclaimed "red neck" so this was just not her thing.
A Short&Sweet Review..... Shorter than most reviews and sweeter than a quick tip.. . SHORT (not so great....). . 1. O can be a bit slow at times... If you want an action packed cirque, I recommend "Ka" over "O".  . . 2. If you have to choose between far back center or close-up side...pick the far back center to get a better view of the show.. . Sweet (the good...). . 1. The first time I watched "O" was a decade ago and the stage still amazes me today.  The intricacy and timing of the moving platforms and water are like nothing else in this world.. . 2. The performances were effortless and magical.  There is much to be said about the performers who execute it twice a night and five days a week.. . 3. "O" is located at the Bellagio where Michael Mina offers a theatre prix fixe meal right before the show.
My favorite show in Vegas. Located in my favorite hotel in Vegas. Ummm... that's all. :). . Tickets are expensive (as any other Vegas show!) but well worth it. We sat in the 7th row. Not too close to get splashed on but not too far either. It was perfect. . . Words can't express how awesome and breathtaking the show is. 1.5 million gallons of water with moving platforms, acrobatics, dance, comedy, basically a little bit of everything. . . We took pictures beforehand which we picked up after the show (we paid an arm and a leg, but hey!... we're in Vegas) and it was a nice souvenier. . . I'd highly recommend this show to those in Vegas... definitely a must see!
O was the second Cirque show I have ever seen and it has always stayed with me as one of my favorites. It is an innovative and beautiful show. I have been twice over the years and unlike every other show, this is the only one I have actually had to pay full price for each and every time. That says a lot about the demand for this spectacular show. . . I recommend spending a little more to get tickets closer towards the front. It is a very large theater and although every seat is good, being closer is definitely better.
If you're going to watch one Cirque show in Vegas, make it this one!. . Trust, it's one of the best Cirque shows i've ever seen on the strip!. . From the breathtaking panoramic scenes, amazing set changes, and jaw dropping acrobatic performances, this show is a MUST for any Vegas goer.. . The water element was what took this show over the top for me.  Much like Le Reve (not a Cirque Du Soleil affiliated show) it was incredible seeing how the set dynamically changed from dry to wet and even wetter!. . Just do yourself a favor and do not, i repeat Do NOT purchase tickets for the front rows. You'll eventually end up breaking your neck trying to see all the aerial performances! For me, the sweet spot for any Cirque Du Soleil show is middle and center. You're able to see everything comfortably from this vantage point and that IMO is priceless!. . With the combination of the inspiring live soundtrack, exotic sets and spectacular performances, i can guarantee you will have an unforgettable experience that you will treasure for years to come!. . Happy Times!
Such a great show!  After all of my trips to Vegas, I finally saw it this past August with my BF.  I got tickets online about a month before, and pick up at the hotel was quick and easy.. . Before we got in the theater, we took a picture via the ever-present Cashman Photographers in front of one of the Richard MacDonald sculptures and bought a drink.  . . I splurged and got really good seats (2nd row), and the view was perfect!  Before the curtains went up, I thought we'd be too close to the stage, but I was wrong!  Our tickets said "Splash Zone" but I think we only got sprayed (lightly) only once.  It wasn't like we were at Sea World or a Gallagher show!. . I loved every aspect of this show - the choreography, costumes, lighting, sets - everything was just so beautiful!  Even the ceiling is gorgeous!!. . OK, so after the show they have the photographers with their pictures for purchase, but it's not like the other shows and attractions with their flimsy frames and all.  The picture is in a really nice blue fabric frame thing that's lightly padded (very Bellagio, and very pricey!).  We were shown a few of our poses and we didn't notice it at the time, but we took the pictures in front of a sculpture of a nakedish man's crotch!!  We still bought it though!. . This is a great show for anyone to see, but I still think La Nouba at the Walt Disney World Resort is the best for the entire family!
Great show. Divers who are far too good to stoop down to the Olympic level work here. Amazing water effects. Freaky acrobats. A really good time. You will get a bit wet if you are in the first couple of rows.
Definitely one of the coolest shows in Las Vegas. There are clowns, acrobats, high wire acts (everything that you think of when you think of a circus) except in a weird, cool format that allows your senses to be bombarded. If you are in the front few rows, it is a splash zone but unless you are right in the front, you should be fine. I would recommend O as something you will not see anywhere else. The combination of water and air acrobatics are very cool.
Superb! I was really entertained and surprised on each corner. Love it. You have to experience this. If you do, get center front seats. It's the only was to watch these types of shows.
I saw O this past July and it is my favorite Vegas Show.  Naturally, because O and La Reve are both water shows everyone compares the two.  I think both shows are excellent as I saw La Reve last year, but O was a much larger scale production and truly amazing!
This is the best show I have seen in Las vegas, I had a side view seat and wish I had spent more for the center area but still loved the show, it looked like the balcony seats were really far back the theater is huge,  one thing I did not like was there was so much going on at times it was hard to catch it all, but that means I just have to keep going back again every time I'm in vegas and that is my plan.
This show was recommended to us as one of the best to see when in Vegas. We went and were not let down, it was excellent! I've heard it's the best of the Cirque shows, but I can't comment on that since this was the only one I saw. Either way, see this show!
I never write reviews for Yelp, however I religiously read reviews.   I did a lot of research for Cirque shows in Vegas before deciding to see this one.  It was a girl's trip and we splurged and purchased amazing seats.  We were in row J seats 12 and 13. I literally believe they were the best seats in the house.  . . From the moment the show started with the drape coming up, until the end you are mesmerized.  Literally, jaw dropping entertainment.  The things these performers do are absolutely magical.  I was so impressed by the level of perfection that this show has.  There's nothing else like it in the world~
Best show of my life
This is THE Cirque show to see if you only have one to go to. It is the most memorable of the Cirque shows I have seen in Vegas. Don't worry about where you sit, every time I have seen it, I have sat somewhere else, and get to see something new each time.. . The athleticism of the performers shows and is awe inspiring!. . I can't wait to see the show again, sit somewhere new and see what I did not notice before.
Came here last Thursday night for the 10:00 PM showing. I was visiting Vegas for the first time with a friend, and she got us the tickets. We had great seats! Front row right hand side. . . O was like any other Cirque show, in that it is hard to give them anything but glowingly positive reviews. The show is an experience, and you are happy to be there.. . I have now been to 4 Cirque shows, and O stands out as the most visually stunning. The art design and set, trump any of the other shows I have seen, even if the acrobatics, and other acts are not as spectacular.. . The opening scene, and the whole experience, was stunning, and drew me in to a beautiful realm of intrigue and magic. I even got teary eyed. I really enjoyed going to this show, and consider it an experience that I am glad to have had.. . Definitely check out one of the most spectacular Cirque shows around.. . Any Cirque show you see becomes a magical and memorable experience.
My family and I saw it on December 27th and 28th 2012 at Bellagio. Let me just say, I would rather watch Cirque Du Soleil than any other show on stage! I am looking forward to watching other Cirque Du Soleil shows. So colorful, mesmerizing, the orchestra was very visible in the whole production which I love.. . BEST SHOW EVER.. . For a li'l something on "O" click here... http://lovechildmonster.blogspot.com/2012/01/happy-2012-everyone-its-been-weeks.html
This show was simply.... BREATHTAKING.. . Words cannot express how magical it was. Without spoiling the show, I will try to describe the awesomeness of "O.". . Curtains opened like WHOOOSSSSHhhhh. did a little twirl, somehow disappeared into nowhere. Giant pool on the stage,. oh wait now it's gone! Woah it's a dry flat stage now!. Performers are popping out of the water... where did they come from? Don't they need to breath?. . Ah stage fog. I love stage fog.. . Why is that guy on fire?. . Oh yeah I keep forgetting to look up. Performers are dropping in from the skies!. . JUST GO SEE IT!. :)
No words can really describe how amazing this performance and all the performers/people involved truly are.  It is colorful, magically, and simply breathtaking.  From the stage production, to the make-up/costumes, to the story-line...every component of the production adds to its beauty. . . I could probably benefit from watching it again as well just because there are always many many things to look at on the stage and each detail is thought out and meaningful. . . The stage is an amazingly built space...with water and swimmers, fire, and diving.  So many amazing elements all wrapped up in to one show.  It is an immersive experience and truly beautiful.  Can't wait to see KA!
Man this show is awesome. There's no other way to describe it. If you're looking for shows to watch in Vegas, this is my recommendation. The engineering, make-ups, costumes and the choreography were fantastic and perfect in every way. The stage holds a 1.5 million gallon pool which is the centerpiece for the entire performance. Those immortals who performed out there were out of this world! I can't stress how much attention to details they put into this show. Simply a brilliant masterpiece in itself.. Yes it is a bit pricey, probably the most I've ever paid for a show, but wow it is unlike anything you'll ever see.
My favorite Cirque show! (it's a close race between this & Ka).. As always ignore the reviews that decry the lack of "plot". These shows aren't supposed to have a traditional theatrical plot. . O is simply... Beautiful. Surreal mixed with spectacular. All the "WOW!" moments that Cirque du Soleil does so well plus style and a healthy dose of playfulness. The music does a great job of transporting you to somewhere fascinating and clearly... different.. To those who don't like the "clowns" in this and other Cirque shows. Your taste is your own, but remember a big part of these shows is transitions between massive set pieces. The clowns ease that transition. Would you rather just watch a bunch of stage hands running around? . Almost all the seats are good. Don't get too close or there is a bit of neck craning at parts. . . The Good: The style. Like Isaid above, it's just beautiful. The graceful, playful, and surreal all mixed in, out, and under the water.. The Bad: My experience has this being the hardest Vegas Cirque show too get tickets for. Especially on peak days. I've always pre-purchased.. The Overwhelming: Trying to keep track of everything! There is so much happening all over the stage, you WILL miss something. Don't worry, you'll see the big things. Just look at this as a reason to go again!
Whenever someone tells me they're going to Las Vegas, I always recommend them to see O, if there is one show you see, it should be this one. . . As far as I know O never has discounts and is always sold out so book early, seating is $150 and that can range from up close to far back, so you may as well book early instead of waiting till you get to LV. . . The stories are interesting enough but the stunts literally make your heart drop.
Definitely an amazing show. Breath taking and enchanting. My absolute fave cirque production. From the water ballet to the divers...synchronized swimmers. All so amazing. The stage that turns into a pool.wow!!!! I recommend this to all..maybe not young kids who haven't grown up with the arts because it is one of the slower shows.   . . First time I saw it was 8 years ago and I just saw it for the third time. Absolutely amazing
I have never been to a Cirque du Soleil  show in Vegas and now I understand what the fuss is all about. My boyfriend took me here last week for a birthday surprise. I actually didn't even know we were going to Vegas even after we went through airport security.. . Long story short, one of my surprises was the Cirque de Soleil O show and WOW is all I can say. I am not sure if the show has always been water but I was truly impressed and amazed how the stage turned from water to a solid before my eyes without even noticing. The show itself was intriguing and strange. Definitely a must see when you are in Las Vegas!
The most AMAZING thing you will ever see! Seriously! I've seen a few Vegas shows before, Jubilee! and Frank Marino's Divas, to name a few, but Cirque du Soleil O is hands down the most spectacular thing I have ever seen! Acrobats, contortionists and clowns oh my! It is expensive, but worth every penny! If you have to see one show in Vegas, GO SEE THIS ONE! You will not be disappointed!
Amazing  athleticism and artistry with the most elaborate stage imaginable.  We sat in the golden circle seats, which are great, but  if you can find seats just behind this area or just to the side, you can save a few $$ ($25 per ticket).  Don't sit in the first few rows.
Spectacular show, very surreal. . . Only negative was having to wait 20 mins. in the Will Call line 5 hours before show time
Stunning! This show sets the bar really high. Don't miss this show.
On my big balling Vegas trip with my best friend's dad and grandma, he definitely surprised us with super close and expensive tickets for the show. We were probably the third row or some spot really close. I love that this theater is located inside the Bellagio. . The show itself is probably one of the best Cirque du Soleil acts ever created. The multimillion dollar theater is designed to truly highlight the performers' talents. From the aerial acrobats to the shift water stage, every aspect of the show leaves you amazed. Some of the dopest scenes definitely involve the water stunts. I definitely recommend this show to anyone who asks what shows to watch in Vegas, because it truly is a spectacular and breathtaking performance.
This was the first show I had ever seen... picking one show to watch from the many in Vegas was pretty difficult on its own... but paying for the tickets after finding out how much they were... was much more difficult. lol. At the end, I was very very happy with everything... the price was justified. . . A few things to note:. - It is much easier to get the seat you want if you call Bellagio. (there is a service charge but you are already spending $$$, whats another $ for better seats?). . - I'd recommend sitting at the second tier. You can see everything very clearly and can enjoy the orchestra + singers who appear live on the windows to the left and right. . - As mentioned above... there is a live orchestra + singers hidden behind windows on the left and right. Pretty amazing because I only noticed it half way through the show!. . - There are no restrooms inside of the theater... so "go" before you get in line.. . - The line forms before the show starts so you should try to go 30 min in advance. Or you can rush in right before the show starts and miss the pre-show comedy act entertainment.
absolutely mind blowing piece of art work that is so amazing words cannot describe! . . i want some of the drugs the creators take bc wow!!!!! thats some good shit! . . inspired me to catch all the cirque du soleil shows i can in the future!!!
Water and Acrobatics? Whoever thought of that is a genius! . . FYI I've watched Ka, Mystere and Love in Vegas. This one is one of my favorite. Stage was amazing! At some point it amazed me how the stage can transform... 'Where did the water go?!' It's like magic. Costumes were beautiful and didnt disappoint. . . The show isn't was literally beautiful. Sometimes there may be too much going onand some of the acts were kind of repetitive, but I find it overall very enjoyable. . . We sat on the balcony row AA section 303 and paid around $100 per person including the tax and fees. It was 20% off on their main box office site (bellagio). It was nice that we can see everything at the sametime without having to turn my head much, but i do wish i was on the bottom level closer to stage to make out more of the details.. . Overall this is an unique show and a must watch!
Best Cirque show I've seen, ever.  I love the Cirque shows and have seen several, this one can't travel due to the elaborate set so I strongly recommend seeing it if you're in town.  The music was awesome too.. . Sat in the 200 level and saw very well but it would have been perfect to middle of 100 section at lower level.  Don't sit too close or you'll be looking up and all around to take it all in.  Leaving the show after it ends is pretty slow so don't expect to get out of the theater until ~20 minutes after the show.. . I thought some parts were pretty scary for kids under 7-8.  Just the costumes etc.
One great show. We absolutely loved it. Although we went to the late show and we were extremely tired we thought the show kept out attention and didn't at all feel boring or long. The only thing I think that needs work is the seating. They seating is so close you can barely wear a coat or have a purse in your lap. Shoulder to shoulder.
O man.....what an extraordinary show. Mesmerizing....how does that guy stay on fire that long. The colors popped, excitement palpable. I also enjoyed the live band and vocals.............. I was lucky enough to get "limited view" seating in 200 section row P at a considerable discount. There was a thin safety railing that was in my peripheral view to the far right of the stage. I was however, lucky enough to have the only 2 empty seats in the theater next to me, so I was able to move over to an unobstructed view. The next day on my sold out flight home from Vegas, guess what, the middle seat in my row was free......
Very good show. a must see show .
so far..this is one of my favs..it's a water theme..and it was my first show... . the best show ever..i think i might of sat a bit too close..so if you want, sit a few rows back..maybe like M or even P..center of course... . it's very blueish..and the performance just stunning..you can tell most were asians..lol..chinese in particular..what can i say..we work hard!. . i def recommend this as the last show to see..bc no other show will be comparable to this one... . word of advise on price..get them wen its on sale on travelzoo or wen they have promos on certain dates..
Fantastic, awe-inspiring, fascinating, truly amazing piece of art.  I've been twice and would highly recommend seeing this show at least once!  The stage in such a trip, I still cannot figure out how they do it.  Water, no water, people, no people, where does it all go so quickly????  Go see this show if you can, you won't be sorry!
My obsession with Cirque Du Soleil performances began years ago when I visited Vegas with my family during Christmas time. Ads for "O" were everywhere and I begged my family to see it. After lots of begging they decided to buy tickets but when we got to the ticket office we found out that all the shows that week were sold out. Bummed out, I made it my goal to return and watch it again.. . Fast forward to present day I finally made it back to Vegas with enough time to watch a cirque performance. Bought my tickets three weeks ahead of time through the concierge at the Bellagio. They have a number of seats reserved for hotel guests but the tickets were really pricey so I settled for the least expensive tickets which were still $100+ and in the balcony.. . All I can say is WOW. I loved the show. The acrobats were amazing (okay so one person fell during one of the acts thank goodness she fell in water but I applaud her she was about 2 inches away from making it). The stage is unbeatable. I've watched Iris in LA and although it is in a beautiful theater the stage cannot compare to the magnitude of O's stage. The stage goes from a deep pool, to shallow water, to completely dry in a matter of seconds. The scenes were dark and eery with a bit of humor intertwined. I didn't care much for the clown acts, but I'm just not a clown person.. . Even from my seat towards the back I could see a lot. I enjoyed it because I could see the formations from an aerial view. However in the future I'll probably try seeing it from a closer seat so I can appreciate the details like the costumes/makeup.. . I think the price is justified. Once you see the extravagance of the show you'll understand why they charge you more than other Cirque shows!
Still absolutely adore this show.  Recently took a party of 10 and everyone was thrilled with it.  . . I first saw this show as a 10 year old.  To me at the time, the experience made Vegas a pure and marvelous place.  And turned me into a longtime Cirque fanatic.  Parents, take your children.. . I recommend sitting in the orchestra.  We sat in an upper tier this time around and having seen the show multiple times before, I noticed when the stage changed from liquid to solid.  Sitting in the orchestra puts you eye level with the stage instead and really adds some magic to the overall performance.
3 words for this magnificent show - amazing , unique , beautiful, this show is worth every penny with out a doubt , a superb cast with amazing acrobatics this show will take you in to a dream, my favorite from all the cirque show with out a doubt . i do recommend pay for the seat with the hefty price  since you will get a better view of the things happening in the water . will love to see it again
One word: AMAZING!. Go and see it, the price of the ticket worse the show!. Noting less, nothing more!
Staff was friendly. The show is amazing!! A must GO !!! Would go AGAIN!!
I've never gone to a Cirque show before and I am so glad that I finally had the chance to see O. It will BLOW YOU AWAY with its brilliance and masterful performances.. . It's at the Bellagio, and I don't even know how to begin to describe the stage. Whoever designed that stage and built it--they have my utmost respect. GENIUSES. And the performers! The strength that they have in their bodies... and the way they have such perfect control over them... utterly amazing.. . There really isn't any "story" in O, but it's a visual masterpiece that you will not regret watching. And if you're a little tight on your budget, the 10pm showing offers discounted seats (not for aisle though, which are always more expensive). Definitely a must see.. . And obviously ditto to everything in Misti Y.'s review :)
Stunning! . . I've seen several Cirque du Soleil tour shows in other cities and have always been in awe of their performances. I'd heard so many good things about O for years, and was peeing my pants to watch it while I was in Vegas. . . Our group got us 2nd row seats. Two words: Blown away! I loved the water acrobatics. The visual stimulation of the show was nonstop and overwhelming. Everywhere you looked, the performers were pushing the boundaries of human physical ability. . . They make the improbable look easy and beautiful.
My favorite Cirque by far!  We sat  2nd row, right orchestra and we had an amazing view!  They were 'wet' seats, but we really didn't get wet at all.  You can feel a mist, but it wasn't severe.  Just don't make eye contact with the clowns, otherwise you may end up getting wet after all. :)  This is a larger theatre, so closer is definitely better.  Well worth every penny! If you appreciate Cirque, you will love this!
DAMN. this show is GREAT.. yes, the tickets are expensive, but well worth the price.. everything is spectacular about the show. i think every seat in the theater is a good seat.. acrobatics and stunning visuals complete this show.
OOOOOOMG!!..(OOook bad joke)..but this show was CRAZY!!!...Definitely the best show I've seen in ages. Not sure if this is weird, but now the first thing I think about when I think about Vegas is this show...Highly recommend when ever you're in Vegas.
Duh! I have to give this show 5 stars because my awesome cousin is one of the performers! Connections ROCK!
I am in LOVE with Cirque du Soleil after watching O while in Vegas. It was wonderful & truly amazing. Worth every $
Watching O was like a Dali or Kush painting come to life.. . Surreal show with enough action to keep an ADD person entertained without interruption.. . There is no story line, let your imagination make one up for you. . . O definitely is different and not for everyone. There is no real story sequence like other Cirque shows I have seen (Corteo and Kooza). Yet I was totally entertained and mentally stimulated with what was in front of me.
O was amazing, I was shocked when I saw a rating with one star, we got seats like on the 3rd row in the middle and we even got a couple drops of water on us, the whole entire time my mouth was wide open in disbelief, it was my first cirque show and it was just so good! The whole time i was just like omg, how are they doing this? It was fantastic, I would see it again and again.
Bravo this truly was the best cirque du soleil I have seen in Vegas and yes I did go to the others tickets pricey but a must see performance was very magical don't go cheap get tickets ahead of time and make sure there in the first 8 rows
We sat front row and that was pretty awesome to be that close.  I found a deal online, so we didn't pay a crazy amount for such great seats.  The show was really cool and really interesting.  I am not entirely sure what I saw but I loved the dives in the water and the way the stage raises and lowers is pretty awesome.  I think it is a must see.
I absolutely love The O Show. I heard great reviews about it for years but was never actually able to catch a show due to the limited time spent in Vegas (2-3 nights max).  This time I was determined to see this show. We got VIP seats, 4th row. Amazing spot. The show is brilliant. It starts out with clown comedy then boom action packed, comedy filled, thrilling, riveting, water splashing amazement. I highly recommend this show. The water and rain portion of the show was my favorite.
Great!  It's been over 2 years. & it it is stil wonderful!.  Cirirque du soleil O is so good.  I get carried away.  Everyone is amazing!
This is my favorite Cirque show in Las Vegas.  I saw it twice with two very special people in my life.  The first time I saw this was almost 4 years ago with my best friend.  I remember being in awe the entire show.  The moment it ended I had already wanted to see it again.. . Fast forward to this past weekend.  I am once again seated in the O audience totally captivated by each act.  This time I am with my boyfriend.  Still, my favorite part is the opening scene where the large red drape opens up to reveal the stage made up of water.  It takes my breath away EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.  It almost hypnotizes me.  . . The dancers/swimmers are as strong as I can remember.  I still love it.
I loved this show! The music was top notch and they have a live singer and band playing behind a tinted studio room near the stage but that is not supposed to be noticeable. I could take a peak at the lady singing and dancing. Her voice sounds amazing and flawless. I think she was singing in French. My mouth was really shaped like an "O" during the entire show when the actors and actresses did their tricks. The tickets for the show is really pricey but I recommend you to invest in getting good seats bc it's worth the first time experience. The costumes and makeup looks amazing and seeing it up close is worth paying the price.
great show! one of the best in vegas :)
I really wish I could leave a great, long review, but I can't. Sadly I don't know if it was the stomach flu or severe dehydration but I wasn't feeling good for most of the show and fainted at one point. I didn't get to see it all, but from what I did see...it was brilliant! . . We bought the CD, because the music and live singing was marvelous. It was a breathtaking show! Just wish I witnessed it all instead of passing out :(. . Definitely recommend this show to everyone! MUST SEE!
Spectacular!!! the stunts, the comedy, the setup, the music. It just one thing after the other. Very exciting and worth every penny.
Cirque du Soleil's O is located in its home theater at the Bellagio Hotel. This is Cirque's water show, with diving, gymnastics, acrobatics and dancing. It has their signature comedy act and the bald headed strong man, as well. The amazing feats these athletes are capable of, yet displaying grace and beauty makes it all quite impressive. A bit costly, but well worth it.
Breathtaking, astounding, beautiful, and inspirational are just a few words I would use to describe this show. The exquisite costumes, acrobatics, and sets will astound you as the production experiments with water and balance like no other! Every seat is a great seat and every scene will hold you captive. While the story line is a bit unclear, I loved every bit of this show. It was actually the first CdS show that I saw in Vegas. This is a brilliant show that will feed your soul. See it! Love it! Believe!
Just saw "O" and I must say, "Omazing! This show is spectacular and one of the best LV shows I have seen. It has comedy, it has drama, feats of strength and WATER! . . Get there early, the clowns start the show, with some wet humor. And you are definitely going to want to see the red curtain open!. . The conductor/host takes you on a journey that only a Cirque show can pull off!. . Synchro swimming, acrobats, trapeze, high diving, the clowns comic relief, fire dancers, man on fire, your typical CdS show but on a much grander scale.. . The stage is amazing. It changes from a giant pool of water, into a solid stage, then back again!. . The music is beautiful, and live (look left, look right, look left again), complimenting the awe inspiring visuals being presented. . . The pace is perfect, to both capture your attention and leave you breathless (and wanting more!).. . If you want to be entertained, amazed and leave feeling better than when you arrived, "O" is the show for you, just add water!
I was ready to write off Cirque du Soleil after seeing Love and MJ: The Experience, but it wouldn't be fair until I give the supposed best Cirque show a try. . . FAN-FREAKIN-TASTIC. I was mesmerized, engaged, and leaning forward the entire time! The performers pulled you in, and it looked like they had so much fun. There isn't a dark emo, depressing story to distract you like Love. Everybody's having a good time, and all the athleticism is amazing - below and above water. Yea these tickets were a little expensive compared to other shows, but it was worth every penny!
Definitely worth watching. The girlfriend took me to see this and I was very pleased. The transitioning from land to water was amazing. Don't waste your time on NY cirque du soleil shows...stick with vegas... WOW
Seen 10 shows to date and this show is truely AMAZING!!! The acts are top notch and unbelieveably dangerous! Sit like 10-15 rows back to that you can see the acts from up high. They do crazy acts from up high jumping into the water below. This is for sure one show I want to see again. The acts and music will mesmerize you!! Call to order tickets and you can chose where you want to sit. Discounts for this show are hard to find if any. It's a hauntingly beautiful show!!
This was mind blowing for me. I was astounded by the talents of these performers from the art of trapeze to the dives. I really loved the story and couldn't get enough of the flips, dives, twists, turns and tosses. It's an amazing experience. However, be warned that being in the front "golden circle" may not always be the best. We found that a lot of stuff went on around us and behind us and felt that we would have had a better experience being able to see the whole picture versus being in the front most rows. Prices are steep, but you only live once and you should see what people can do, it's amazing!
Simply AMAZING!! This is my first Cirque Du Soleil show, and boy did it set the bar high! I was seat in 204 row Q seats 3&4, seats are normally 180.45$ with tax and fees and those seats were pretty perfect! You can pay the same and sit in lower orchestra, but do not expect to call a few days before the show and get amazing seats in L/O, PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS EARLY! Also, look online for promos(usually a 20% off) and CALL to get your tickets! This way you can actually choose your seat!! (Ok, I actually work in the contact center, so you may speak to me!!) . . ONTO the show! So its recommended to pick up your tickets AT LEAST 1 HR EARLY TO AVOID LINES! ALSO DO NOT GO LATE, YOU WILL BE HELD BACK FOR THE SAFETY OF THE PERFORMERS IN THE OPENING ACT! We were seated and the excitement came over me! Ive never seen any show, so this was my first! Word of advice, if you get cold easy, TAKE A SMALL SWEATER! It gets cold in here! So 2 clowns came out to entertain the guests whilst seating began, I normally am not easy to make laugh, but these guys sure did! They were silly and a great way of not having to just sit there waiting. People say they were not funny, but those people probably have a stick up their butt bc they were pretty silly! Besides, this was an added bonus aka intermission for the performers to transition outfits and make up. Give them a chance!. . So the show starts and I was in awe, the ceiling is stunning blue and green and down comes a performer. She was amazing and flawless, such a sight! So out come other performers running around the theater, and so the show begins! Amazing acrobats, I found out the 2 girls who perform trapeze are actually sisters! AMAZING! They were soo athletic and seriously amazing! Depending on the day you go it will either be these 2 or a single girl doing this act, both are amazing! The stage is insane, its a rising stage, so it goes from being a pool to shallow water to a solid stage, AMAZING TRANSITIONS! In addition to that the drapes and entire area is just breath taking! The water changes colors and the performers know cues from the music that plays (underwater as well!) seriously amazing!. . This show has many different amazing acts and the story line is of Philemon being lost in the world of O, it follows the story line very well IMO, displaying the wonderful world of O.. . My favorite acts (all of them really!) were:. Russian Swing. Aerial hoops. Barge. High dive and. Fire. . They also have a Washington trapeze, she was amazing! Bateau act, sync swimming, and contortion. All these acts were awesome, but I loved the others a lot more! I also loved the horses at the beginning of the show, soo cool and cute! The clown act was a fun act, they were very funny and kept me awake. Another neat thing is all the music is performed by a live orchestra! Its like you get 2 shows for the price of 1!! Theyre very good and the singer has an amazing voice!. . Interesting facts: O has many Olympians and some are even gold medalists! The pool at its deepest area is 25 feet deep and uses 1.5million gallons of water! Every performer is scuba certified! This show is one of the more popular show bc any person can follow the story line, there isnt any english in the show so everyone can understand the show! Awesome!!. . Its a pricey show, but its seriously worth every penny! Like I said before, check online the cirque website for special offers! Everyone who can appreciate an amazing show full of exquisite athletes should see this!  I did go at 10pm and it was a little late for me (Im like an old grandma and need sleep! The show lasts 1.5 hrs so be prepared!!)
This was an amazing circus show. I've never seen anything like it before. I was just thinking to myself the whole time... how do that do that? and that looks like so much fun, I wanna do it too! LoL.
one word: amazing show!
Amazing show, worth every penny! It was like a bizarre dream world, with amazing costumes & choreography, not to mention amazing feats of strength & ability by all of the cast members. The stage was incredible, the theatre is gorgeous, amazing!
Likes: Show started off a bit slow but picked up with the fire section which was awesome.  Russian swings was my favorite part.  Loved all the water acrobatics and the solo acrobatic performance with the girl balancing on her head on a swing super high in the air with no safety ropes (at least I didn't see any).  Clowns were funny.  Contortionists usually weird me out but in this show it was just really pretty and artistic.  Live singers can be seen on the sides behind the glass windows.  Costumes and music are beautiful.  I like the zebras :)  Overall a great show!  (Equally as good as La Reve in my opinion). . Tips: Look for discounts or promotions!
My favorite Cirque show in Vegas and I've seen most of them.. . I've seen this show twice.  It's absolutely beautiful and amazing what they do throughout the show.  As most Cirque shows have - there is a plot of some kind, but does anyone actually know what's going on other than people doing amazing acrobatic tricks, diving from the rafters, etc?. . I had the fortune of sitting real close in front of the main aisle and sitting behind the main aisle in the orchestra section.  I have to say - save a few bucks, get the section behind the main aisle.  Because of some of stuff that is done from way up high, it was a lot easier to see them sitting a bit further back.. . Don't be late.  You paid too much for these tickets to be and there are a few cast members out messing with the audience.  It's fun to watch.
There is a reason why this is the more expensive than other Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas: this is simply the best Cirque du Soleil show. "O" was the main reason for our trip to Las Vegas and boy was it worth it. I've seen 9 Cirque du Soleil shows and this one is by far the best of them all. The acrobatics are incredible and the stage in itself is a marvel of engineering and technology. It's really amazing to see what the human body can do and frequently you find yourself not knowing where to focus your attention because of all the wonderful things they're doing. If you go, try to sit in the center and not very close to the front so you can have the complete view of the stage and also see things from an elevated angle and not at the same height of the stage which helps enjoy more some of the acrobatics. If you're only seeing one show in Vegas see this one. It's worth the price and more.
This is the Cirque show of shows.  Amazing feats of water acrobatics and the pool constructed for the show is equally amazing. My only criticism is that I hated the clowns and the show dragged on a little bit too long.
Not only an amazing show, but incredibly beautiful to watch!!! We can' t wait to see the other cirque shows!!:)
I've seen a few Cirque shows (KA, Mystere, Love) an IMO this one was the best. The ticket prices definitely reflect this. They hardly ever have these tickets on special, so there's no need to wait. I would recommend getting a seat in the middle area, not too close to the stage. There is so much to look at, I'm sure if you go again,  you can see something you missed the first time.. Sitting in the theater you can smell the pool water and feel the humidity in the room. Once the curtain opens, I was mesmerized. I had bought a drink before the show started and when the show ended I still had half of my drink. I was so into the show and the imagery that I ignored my drink. That doesn't happen very often. The acrobatics in this show are different than the others since you have the water feature, they didn't seem as jaw dropping, but they were enthralling none the less. My mind kept going back to the word creepy to describe what I was seeing. Maybe odd, sexy, and fun as well.. I don't want to give anything away, but I highly recommend this Cirque show.
Since I have now left the Cirque du Soleil family, I now have the ability to write the Yelp review that is more insight to someone who has adored and lived the product  that I've always wanted to do.  So here goes:. . The beauty of Cirque du Soleil in general is that due to the variety of shows, everyone has a strong favorite (Mine is La Nouba in Disney), and moreoften than not it's the first show that they've seen.  There's going to be a lot of reviews on here of "Ka is better/Zu is better/OMG GO SEE LOVE!" and it's just a matter of chocolate vs. hazelnut vs. vanilla.  They're all good, but our tastes vary.  . . O is such a marvel unto itself.  It was "Cirque's most stressful project" as all they knew about costumes and equipment had to be relearned and re-managed for dealing with the water.  Franco Dragone, who designed Celine Dion's show as well as Le Reve as well as the marvelous new water show in Macau, suffered a heart attack while designing and sculpting.  It was that intense.  Before the Bellagio was finished, O theater was in place and rehearsing.  . . And what a great place for a show that is pure elegance: Bellagio, the pinnacle of beauty and class (well, at least when Wynn was at the helm.  Whatever, MGM, you may own it but you wouldn't know good service if it threw a pie in your face), ahem, the PINNACLE of beauty and class has a gem of a show: Cirque's crown jewel, a show that people scream all over the globe is the "must see" show of Vegas, 13 years at this point with minor changes still selling out, still financially supporting other shows, still raking in millions of dollars, still paid off its theater and when the show runs gives an enormous boost to Bellagio's occupancy.  (Seriously, we're talking upper 90% when Cirque is up and 70's when O is dark).   Time screams that, "O is forever."  How do you follow something like that?  Granted, nothing is forever, but O will be around for a long time.  It has no English, save a brief intro speech of "No phones/photography/etc", and it tells a simple story of a boy chasing the dream, chasing the girl who represents the journey: Aurora.  He is pulled into the world of O, traveling through a lifetime.  . . The acts?  Some classic of Cirque shows, such as Contortion, Banquine, Washington Trapeze, Russian Swing, but with the water - high dive (60 feet!), the synchronized swimmers, the incredible opening only can be done with a theater of this magnitude.  . . And the performers?  There's something about seeing a show where most of the cast is original.  Yes, a lot of these performers have grown with the show - they arrived in their early teens and even some of them have children of their own.  They own their roles and delight in doing them - the performers are a family and treat the act as their own creation and put their heart and soul into every bit of it.  And they constantly work to improve the act, make it more difficult, add more tricks - depending on what night you come you may see solo or duo trapeze or crazier versions of acts - one act of the Washington Trapeze has the girl balance on her head on a swing, go into a single handstand while spinning and then set herself down to start all over again.  One of the versions of highdive starts with a handstand or one diver holding up the other in an angel pose before they fall into the water together.  It's really something.. . If you're looking for something to get your blood pumping, this isn't the show for you.  I have friends who have "fallen asleep."  I've had friends who cried.  The surreal imagery of the silhouettes of the carrousel horses at the end brought a lump to my thoat.  . . And a random note - to those who like to fan the flames of the "Le Reve vs O" argument - Dragone created BOTH shows.  A lot of costumes and elements in one are in another.  Same product, different flavor.  O is supportive to Le Reve and vice versa - to the point where both shows used to play soccer games against each other and train with each other.  Both shows have a element that strongly differs from each other, and that okay.  O is the elegant, older sister, Le Reve is the crazy red-head sister.  Both have their own style and appeal.
People ask me what's 'O' like, and I tell them, "Imagine if you took the cast of Alice in Wonderland, Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory, Avatar, Phantom of the Opera, Ringling Bros. Circus, and put them in an acrobatic drama over water set to a hypnotic new-age soundtrack.". . It's surreal, comedic, dramatic, awe-inspiring, and quite majestic.
I have seen many cirque shows and "O" offers something different.  It's not just a cirque show, it's a cirque show with water.  You'll be impressed with the various stunts that can be pulled off with deep water involved.  I sat in the back rows so I didn't get splashed hehe.  Only downside is that it's an hour long, but it's still worth seeing.
WOW!!! I have been wanting to see this show, but was always hoping to find some good deals on the tix (but never happened!  this show is typically SOLD OUT!!!). Finally we decided to just buy the tix and enjoy the show!  WOW! it was really worth it!  the theatre was not very big, and we had seats in 203 section (middle upper section).. They are pretty good seats (try to at least get the middle section, i would not recommend seats on the side).  The show was just truly amazing. The water stage, the music, and the performers made every second of the show worth the price we paid for the ticket!!!   If I could see it again, i would try to even sit closer so i can see better of the facial expression and the costume of the performers!
Very enjoyable show! So artistically well done. The diving of 3 or more people at a time from 60 ft platform into a floor that opens to water was incredible! The story is a little hard to follow, but you are there for the great displays of synchro diving & stunts. Make sure you are at least 6 rows back,otherwise you will be splashed. Well worth the $$
We went to this for my mom's birthday. It was so much fun and amazing. I had a really good time and i was amazed and excited the whole time. It was an awesome show and i cant wait to go to more. It was also pretty cheap.
Amazing!!. . The visuals that this show provides is breathtaking. I sat in awe for most of it. The stage alone is worth the price. If you're going to see a show in Vegas, see 'O'!
One of the best performs in Las Vegas.  It is true enjoyable to see these great athletes perform these incredible acrobatics.
By far, the best Cirque du Soleil I have seen!  I have liked all of them in Vegas but this one really blew me away!  The acrobats were absolutely amazing!  I was on the edge of my seat during the duration of the show!  Can't wait to see it again.
I cannot imagine a more thrilling and mystifying show ever being created. My fiance paid a little extra for front row seats, and while I can'tspeak for the other seats, I thought it was completely worthwhile! We talked forever afterwards about how they might have done certain scenes, but in truth, we don't really want to know. It's best kept a secret.
Wow!!! What amazing and talented performers, stage hands, engineering, lighting..etc, etc..The performance was simply spectacular. . I was beyond amazed at the brilliant design of the water stage and at times you just simply have to sit back and enjoy the show.. and not try and think about.."how do they do that?!" I was really scared for the performers as they swung and dived from what seemed to be ten stories up from the top of the expansive and ever growing stage, but that is all part of the thrill I suppose.. Just watching these talented people challenge their bodies, physics and human logic to attempt these incredible acrobatic feats and make it look as easy as backing out of the driveway, was really incedible. . . I would love to see it again in a heartbeat!
Loved O!  . . Let's be honest-  CDS shows are all kind of the same.  So far, I've seen Le Mystere, Iris, and O.  I've also seen the Chinese circus several times and a lot of it is much of the same.. . I'd been wanting to watch O for years but balked at the high price of the tickets.  Definitely the highest priced of the CDS shows, but worth it IMO.  The water/pool adds an additional element to the show that makes it a lot more exciting to watch and creates a lot of sequences/acts/effects that are impossible in other shows.. . I really enjoyed O and highly recommend it.  Definitely my fav CDS show so far.
OOOO-mazing! Yes, it is OOO-mazing! . The tickets were $150 or $180 for what I paid and the seats were GREAT. Go to see amazing views and I love every moment of it. . I have seen many Cirque du Soleil shows and this is far the best show there is in the strip!
I am a self-confessed Cirque nut. I actually cannot remember the first show I ever saw...either Quidam or Mystere. In either case, don't ask me how many Cirque shows I have seen...and in how many cities.... . But this one bested even Ka for me, held my breath throughout so much of the stunner. Knocks the wind right out of you,...really does. The water stunts and amazing lung capacity of the athlete/ artists.....wowzahs.... . My special guy has seen both water shows, and says I won't have any problem saying Le Reve is even better. We have tickets in a few months, which gave me pause to review one of my all-time fave Cirque shows.. . PS Was my least favorite Kooza, or Corteo...?
I had very high expectations before watching this show because all my friends highly praised it. AND the show did not fail me! I loved the choreography, the stage and the costumes. My favorites are always the clowns, too adorable and funny. A must watch show in Vegas!
Simply stunning. Great fun for any age group. Of course with the success of the Cirque de Soliel around the world I am not suprised by this wonderful showcase. . . My fantastic boyfriend did really well by suprising me with these spectactular seats on Valentine's day. You can enjoy a beverage before the show starts. But don't be late, they cannot have interuptions especially for the start of the show. . . Its mesmerizing, entertaining, and captivating. The talent and dedication these artists have to their craft is inspiring. Clowns, jugglers, contortionists, aerial artists and a cool visual theme. The music is performed live and so are the singers. Also it is an amazing aquatic show. There is some audience interaction too. . . It keeps your attention the whole way through. I am excited to see all the different Cirques now! There was a lovely sculpture display in the lobby entrace of the show too. The videos showcase how the artist captured all the aerial movements that inspired his depictions. . . A must see! Tickets are not cheap, so plan on a big spender night out! Or maybe 'wink' 'wink' a birthday is coming up?
Masters of the Water, Air and Land. You will not be disappointed.  Olympic caliber athletes and world class performers surround and entertain you. A MUST SEE.
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!! The best cirque show I have seen!. Out of all the cirque shows offered in Vegas, this one is the most expensive one- even the cheapest is around $100. But it is worth every penny!. It doesn't matter where you sit because every seating is great.. I actually enjoy sitting in the higher sections because you can see the entire picture.. There is no real storyline but it is very entertaining.
This is by far my favorite of all the Cirque shows.  Be prepared to be amazed from the moment the curtain floats away.  This is an aquatic themed Cirque show with lots of acrobatics and diving.  You are literally sitting on the edge of your seat the entire time and you actually have to remind yourself to breathe.  . . The music, acrobats, set design and talent all blend together beautifully.  If you take your lady (or man) here and you don't get laid afterwards, then you my friend, have some major problems. This show is a guaranteed panty dropper.
Best show in town, best show PERIOD.  "O" takes both theatre & aesthetics to another level!  The story is compelling, the aquatic involvement keeps it playful, and the huge arena is inviting!  . . Honestly, Cirque du Soleil will NEVER disappoint me, but I do have my favorites!  While some shows are a whirlwind of activity & excitement, "O" simply offers a dynamic romance that can be unmatched.  . . And the fact that "O" is at the Bellagio, you know this production will forever remain timeless & classy. Nothing like enjoying Scallops at Fix for a pre-show fare and then having a night-cap at Le Cirque for a delectable dessert!  PERFECT NIGHT, I think so!
Absolutely stunning show! There's no way to describe the outstanding performance of the performers, and the dynamic staging of the pool and solid stages. This is really a must see....Some of the stunts will really take your breath away!
This was the first show I ever saw in Vegas which may have been a bad idea because it set the bar so high just about every other show felt short. My hands down favorite of the "Cirque" shows, it is an amazing spectacle to behold. The water stage is unbelievable where one moment dancers are running on the "surface" of the water and the next moment acrobats are doing 50 foot dives into it. Overall, just an amazing show, worth the price of getting front tickets if you can.
This is the best Cirque du Soleil show I have ever seen and I was so sad when it ended! Before I saw the show, I thought it would only be synchronized swimming but there was so muchmore that it blew my mind! It was like Olympic synchronized swimming and diving or Sea World with people instead of Shamu combined with a weird, creative, artistic, and imaginative dream. The show consisted of acrobatics, diving, synchronized swimming, and fire. Like all Cirque du Soleil shows, the live music was inspirational and the costumes and stage were beautiful. Everyone who performed in this show was so talented! I wish I could join Cirque du Soleil.
This was my first Cirque show, and it was great. The clowns are funny, the acrobatics are impressive, and artistry is...artistic... The way they use the water-stage is a delight. . . I don't know what else to write without spoiling it too much. Basically, fun, impressive, and beautiful. But also expensive (they make a killing on it, clearly).
I know I'm not the first person to say this, but this show is pretty O-mazing! ;D. . This was my very first Cirque du Soleil show and now I'm officially inspired to watch many more. I'm not sure what I can talk about that won't spoil the show for you but I will say that if you can sit in rows 3-5, you will have a really good eye-level view of the stage. We sat in the third row which is considered a "splash zone" but we got nothing more than a mist.. . I once took synchronized swimming when I was 12 years old and the coaches told us that a really good synchronized swimmer can hold her breath for up to 3 minutes. I think these performers held their breaths way longer than that and I'm still attempting to figure out how they stayed underwater for so long!. . The ariel performers make what they do look easy and they do it a billion feet up in the air! Ok, maybe a billion is exaggerating but you get the idea :) I'm especially impressed by all the catapulting and high diving.. . The clowns were kinda adorable. I usually think clowns are scary but these clowns made me smile :). . The stage, set design, and set changes were very innovative. There is a pool in the middle of the stage that disappears and changes to a dry stage via moving platforms that float in and out with such fluidity.. . There's a lot going on during the show so if I were to watch this show again I would probably see something that I didn't catch last time. Much respect to the performers, musicians, stage crew, and all involved in this production. Good show! :)
I am not given to superlatives, but "O" is easily the best show in Las Vegas, and possibly the best in the world.  But if you take my word for it and go with expectations of the unbelievable, you may be disappointed.  And you may resent the substantial amount of dough you plunked down for tickets.. . On the other hand, if you go without SPECIFIC expectations and just let the experience wash over you, not trying to follow the story line -- which doesn't exist in any case -- you most likely will leave with a grin on your face, a smile in your heart, and a five star review forming in your head.  It's happened to me four times over the years.. . Here are a few hints --. . THE DOS:. 1.  The best seats are around the tenth to fifteen rows (row one is indeed "A" here), and not towards the sides.  The main theater consists of sections 101 - 105, with 103 being the center.  102 and 104 are also fine.  Order way ahead - O often sells out.. 2.  I like the 10:00 time better because this is a stream-of-conciousness type of show and a couple of drinks (just a couple) frees the mind.  You can buy them just outside the theater and carry them in if you want.. 3.  Experience the theater itself - it is a wonder.  "O" could not be performed effectively without this super-venue.. . THE DON'TS:. 1.  Don't worry about the two clown routines, which are somewhat sophomoric.  They are needed to providerest for the cast and a chance to change scenes.  You'll see why the rest is needed.. 2.  Don't focus entirely on the main performers.  Each scene has a focal point, but there will also be other things happening all over the stage.  These are an important part of the whole, so let your eyes take in the entire flow of the action.. 3.  Don't try to understand the lyrics -- consider it an sort of extra-galactic opera.. . By the way, "O" is a Cirque de Soliel show, of which there are five or six running in Las Vegas.  There is a simple way of determining which are the best: the shorter the name, the better the show.  "O" is #1, followed by "Ka", "Love", etc.  Forget about Zumanity.. . And guys, if you are taking a date, "O" in Las Vegas is as near a sure thing as there is.
3 words..... worth every penny.....
This was my first Cirque show, so I hope I'm not being bias. The "O" theater is absolutely gorgeous as well as the layout. Upon the release of the elegant red curtain is a beautiful pool where the show begins. . . It's hard to really describe the show as there are so many things going on but I don't think there is a single bad seat in the house. "O" show is definitely a must see so get there while you can!
I've been to a ton of shows... Cirque du Soleils, Broadways, Operas....and this is hands down the most incredible experience I've ever had!!! We sat in Row B (second from the stage), right in the center at seats 14&15...absolutely incredible! Beautiful! Stunning! Jaw-dropping!
"O" is one of the most expensive regular shows on the strip, so the first question regarding whether you should see it really comes down to what your budget looks like.  For myself and my wife, it was something we planned for and looked forward to.  I'll also warn you to book this well in advance of your arrival, especially if you want to catch the main 7:30pm showing.  If you are willing to catch the late showing, you can probably gets seats pretty close to the day you want and can also catch some pretty good discounts.. "O" is a water based shows with the stage featuring a large pool that has an adjustable floor.  Through the course of the show, the floor level varies from a deep diving pool, to a fully stage level surface.. As you would expect from Cirque, the acrobatics and choreography are incredible.  Yet, even among Cirque shows, this one really stands out.  They really take advantage of the possibilities that the water tank gives and there is also a substantial overhead gantry mechanism that moves aerial pieces in and around the performance area as well.  We sat on the front row, so I got a good view of the mechanisms from having to look up for the aerial acts.  As an engineer, I was as impressed by the mechanics of the theater as by the performances.. I highly recommend this show.  It is expensive, but you'll have a lot better time than blowing your money on the slots.
simply the best! no wonder there are never any discount offered for this show and its always sold out with a huge cancelation line forming in front of the box office 3 hours before every show with ticket hopefuls. $170 per ticket may sound expansive but its only compared to other come and go garden variety shows. This one is the event by itself that will last you a lifetime,,,, and besides,,, if you cant afford $170 for the best of the best, perhaps you should not be going to vegas. Been to vegas for about 30 times all the way from NY,,,,, seen "O" at least 20 times with my family and its still on my wifes absolute to do list for the next trip,,,,,, in 2 weeks.  DONT MISS IT OR YOULL REALLY MISS IT!!!!!
My husband and I were vacationing in Vegas for the first time and wanted to see some amazing shows. We've seen Cirque du Soleil "Ovo" and "Kooza" and were eager to see another. I heard from some friends that "O" was a must see. It's expensive! But I found that it was worth it.. . From beginning to end, the show is amazing. Make sure to get your tickets early because seats go fast. Our trip was in June and I barely was able to find tickets 2 months before.. . I can't even describe it... water, mystery, acrobatics, comedy, fire, suspense, singing, beauty, fear.  Yep. Amazing. A must see.
Just a spectacular show.  It was my second time seeing O and my son's first time.  Of the two we saw, O and LOVE, O was by far his favorite.  With 832 other reviews, it's hard to come up with anything unique or new here so let's just leave it at - Go, you will not be disappointed.. . At least I kept it together and didn't cry at how beautiful it was like I did the first time I saw 9 or so years ago!
AMAZING! I got great tickets 5th row, which I discovered is not really necessary anything lower level should be good enough. From the moment the curtain goes up you know it's going to be a great show. Fiance said if she didn't know any better she would think she was on shrooms. A lot going on all the time, hard to know where you should be looking so you don't miss something. Stage itself is impressive, raises and lowers throughout the show to be a solid surface or pool deep enough to dive into. Some parts are slow and some parts ago on too long. Yes it is all amazing but once you know they can do something, it loses the wow factor. Even though I paid a lot for the tickets I was ready for it to be over by the end. We both needed a bathroom break but didn't want to miss something. There are a few times when you basically get a break in the action and can go, if you see the clowns you have some time before things start up again. You can pick up tickets day before at any MGM location but the day of you MUST go to Bellagio box office and you must be there atleast an hour before showtime. Line gets long so don't wait til last second for will call. Would not see again. I know people see Cirque shows several times, once is enough for me. I would like to see other Cirque productions though.
how do they do that with the water and floor sooooo fast?!
Stunning performance... I'd go see it again!
I saw "O" for the fourth time this past Thursday and it was excellent as always!  I first saw the show in 2004 and I have gone back every three years--not planned--but it just worked out that way.  I had a front row seat in the center section and it gave me a different view of the show than I've had before.  . . I remain amazed by the theatre and it never fails to make me say, "Eau."  The acrobatics performed by sometimes wet performers, the swimming accents, the motorized sea horses (my words) all add up to a big wow factor!. . The clowns are quite funny and I enjoy the interludes they provide.  The man on fire has always amazed me, too!  The thing that I like so much is that there are a lot of small things that make up the entire show--the way the red jacketed men run, the costumes, the man in black, and the divers.  It allcomes together in this marvelous show that is so very entertaining. . . I am a fan of Cirque du Soleil shows--well except for one.  This still is my favorite.  It would be very hard to top this!
A friend of mine called this "The best Cirque show", and also "One of the best shows he's ever seen".  With a pedigree like that, I had to see what it was all about, but Cirque tickets, even more locals are a pricey prospect.. . But I got to see "O" for free.. . "How", you ask?  Of all things, Facebook.  One of those goofy games that fill up your news feed and update messages with billions of requests from friends.  It's called "MyVegas", and if you play the little games, you can earn real-world coins for things to do around Vegas.  After two of my friends cashed in game rewards for some things, I was sold, and yes, it actually works.  Tickets for free, and off to "O".. . And it's worth it.. . It's one of the "old-school" Cirque shows, back before it had to have some famous name slapped to it (No offense to "Love", because that one is also awesome).  No, this is Cirque from the late '90's era, and it still has that original charm to it.. . The show is a marvel.  From the constantly transforming set, to the aerial acrobatics, to some pretty heavy pyrotechnics, this is a "Show" in the truest sense of the word.  I don't  want to spoil the events of the show as it's something that needs to be entered with a fresh mind and no expectations.. . The show is moving, funny, amazing, and definitely spectacle.  The dreamscape music immerses you into the moments.  The choreography is wild.  The stunts are incredible, but the biggest "star" of the performance is the stage itself.  I've never seen a stage quite like it.  There is so much going on that it almost seems impossible to take it allin.  The show, in most basic of descriptions, is simply beautiful.. . I will say that this is not the sort of show to watch if you have to go to the bathroom.  There's no intermission, and while I thought I could steel myself and trooper on (Which I did to the final curtain call), I bolted for the bathroom once the show was over.  Think the "running water" gag is a myth when it comes to needing to "go"?  It tested my resolve, but I'm so glad that I held out.  Every second was worth it.. . However you get to see this production, most definitely do.  Come equipped with an open mind (and an empty bladder), and be ready for an experience you will never forget.. . Easily one of the best shows I've ever seen on the Strip.
First Vegas water show.  Speechless comes to mind.  White knuckles too. and excitement wanting to jump in the water and learn the tricks with them.  They make it look so easy.  N you know is it not.
This is one of the best Cirque du Soleil shows, if not the best. The impeccable demonstration of acrobatic skills combined with stunning visuals and audio left us mesmerized. The fact that all this is live and is orchestrated with such precision and expertise is awe inspiring.. I would say, words will never be able to fully define this stunning visual experience. If you are in Vegas, do not miss this one.Tickets might be a little expensive, but well worth the price.
I have been to several cirque de soleil shows, and I must say this is one of the best ones. The divers are amazing. The seating is a small theater so really any seating will give you a good view.
The wonderfully poignant and heart-warming story oozing from this Cirque show, was amazing!! I can't even count the number of times I yelled "BRAVO!!!" lol! I felt like I was at the theater on Broadway (In NY,) watching amazing artistry and wonderful acting. I will be back for more shows God Willing! Again, BRAVO!!
This is my third cirque show(mystere and zarkana), this was by far the best!! Seriously, air acrobats plus diving.... Absolutely amazing. Very expensive, but definitely worth the price.  Great vegas show!
Better then the tent shows I have seen in San Francisco  because the stage provides constant changes in the acts
Best Cirque show I have ever seen! I have been waiting to see "O" for several years, no lie. Finally, went to see the show and the performance was incredible, the performers were the best athletes I have ever seen. They moved around so effortless and their strength was amazing!...
I see why they call this show "O" It was completely entertaining the entire show. We were seated in the golden circle and the tickets were well worth it.
The best Cirque show I have EVER seen. I love how the combine the normal Cirque acrobatics in with the water! The theater was amazing. So much going on its hard to pick and choose where you want to look. Costumes beautiful even when soaking wet. I love the clowns they are always so funny!
WOW, completely blown away by O!! When I visited Vegas a few years ago my husband and I saw Mystere at Treasure Island and sat 1st row and really enjoyed it. On our most recent trip we decided to go with the show that everyone always recommends-O-and we were both so happy we did. We sat about 8 rows up in the center and the seats were excellent, well worth the price. The ever-changing water stage and the crazy acrobatics are so amazing, I could watch them perform for hours! In true Cirque fashion the story line is a bit eccentric (I actually had no idea what it was) but that doesn't matter because you're there for everything else. Highly, highly recommend O if you're looking to catch a show in Vegas!
All I can say is WOW!!! This show was truly AMAZING! From start to finish the detail that was put into every part of it was unreal. All of the talent in the show was right on point and engaged with the audience the entire show. We were given tickets by a close friend who recommended we see it and we were completely blow away! If anyone wants to experience pretty much every emotion possible and enjoys thrills and excitement then this is the show for you! Overall, we were very please and now have a memory that will last a lifetime.
I cannot say enough good things about this show. Everything was fantastic, the swimmers, divers, acrobats... the stage management was amazing. . . I doubt there is a bad seat in the house. I was on the second row and worried that I wouldn't be able to appreciate everything on the wider scale, but it was still amazing and even better was being so close and seeing the costumes/makeup detailing.. . The first two (or more) rows are in the splash zone so if you're sitting there prepare to get a little wet. . . Though sitting else where won't gurantee that you stay dry!. . I can't wait to see it again (when I walked out of the theater I was tempted to buy tickets for the 10:30 show as well but my exhaustion after a long day of travel won out!).. . Buy your ticket, you won't be disappointed!
An amazing show. One of the best shoes I. Vegas if not the best! Have seen in 5 times and would love to see it again. A must see in Vegas.
Boyfriend and I booked a last minute show because we were staying at The Bellagio this weekend and really wanted to see a show while we were in town. We couldn't get the golden seats because it was all booked for the 10:00 p.m. show and it was 9:00 p.m. when we were trying to get tickets. We still got good seats that were the second row from the stage. We were sooo close to the stage it was awesome. . . The show took my breath away and the whole time all I could think of is: how do they do that?! It's mainly a water show and just so beautiful and so coordinated. I had to appreciate all the amazing gymnast bodies it was flawless. . . The show tickets are expensive but it's worth every penny. You really get to appreciate the talent and focus of the performers. The entire stage was very magical. Such an amazing experience!. . Note: The show is an hour and 45 minutes with NO intermission. So pee before you sit down :)
This was my 1st show in Vegas, it was soooo worth the $$$ !!! I like how this cirque show doesn't travel and is particular to Vegas! Make sure you are in center, 1st or 2nd level for best seats! A-mazing performers!
Cirque du Soleil - O  is actually the first show I've seen in Las Vegas. So it's hard for me to do the rating because I have nothing to compare it to. So for now, I will give 5 stars until I found something better, I will go back and change my rating. ;-) . . I've been hearing about O from many people, so I went into the show with a lot of expectation. Plus, we paid for $180 per person. We were on sixth row to the left of the stage which was very close to the stage. . . I gotta say the production is truly world-class. All the music was LIVE. The stage was amazing. I can't figure how all the flat-forms moved around. I don't want to spill a lot of information here to ruin the show. But I was very impressed with the stage. The performers were incredible. There was a few times that I felt like I had a heart-attack. . . It is very pricey for 1.5 hour show.. but you are in Vegas.. and this is really, again, truly world-class production with absolutely no mistakes.
Went to Las Vegas in April for a bachelor. We had a night with nothing planed so someone suggested to go see O. I'm glad we did because  it was the best show I have ever seen in my life!!
This was one of my favorite Cirque du Soleil shows so far. This show has so much going on during the different stage performances. There was a ton of variation. A lot of the cast was in different costumes all on the stage at the same time performing very different acts. I felt like I could see this performance over and over and never take it all in. The costumes, the make-up, the contortionists, the stage. It was all so amazing.. . The show is called "O" and apparently this means water in French. The stage is constantly changing but under all of the various layers is a giant pool of water! The performance incorporates this with various swimming acts as well as an amazing diving session with swings that launch the performers into the air performing unbelievable diving tricks. This was my favorite part of the show. Sometimes the stage just had a very narrow window for performers to make it into the pool. It added a lot of thrill to the show. . . I really enjoyed the scenes with the clowns. They were so funny and it was great how they got the crowd involved in some of the acts. It was hard to tell if some of the people were really just grabbed from the crowd or if they were a part of the show. . . The music was amazing. I loved the variety of the sets. The singing was great. The african style music was mind blowing. . . This is a great show! I recommend spending the money and getting close seats for this one. You won't be disappointed.
We saw the show for the second time recently. This is a must do attraction while in Las Vegas. The best Cirque show by far... Although all are fantastic
If you see only one show while in Vegas, then this is it.  I sat 3 rows from the stage and still couldn't figure out how everything was done.  It was exciting, beautiful, and breathtaking - not necessarily in that order.  Shows tend to sell out so try to book as far in advance as possible!
