We decided to come here for New Years Eve and since I procrastinated I didn't make reservations till two days before NYE. I couldn't find an open reservation on Open Table so I ended up calling instead. The lady was able to fit me in for a 530pm reservation. This worked out for us, since the Strip was closing down for all of the New Year's party people. . We were seated immediately and greeted by our server, Ralph. Drink orders were taken and brought to us right away. Ralph informed us of the specials of the day and how we should order the stone crab....even numbers since there's two of us. . We started off with the "Select" Stone Crab. (There are 3 different sizes and this one came in a quantity of 6). I've never ever had stone crab before and it wasn't what I imagined in my head. Anyhow, they came cracked and the best part was the mustard sauce. I think that is what did it for me, the dipping sauce...deliciousness!. I ordered the Filet Mignon with Crab Legs and the fiance ordered the Bone In Rib eye. At first glance, I thought that my entree would not be enough for me, but it definitely was. I was full after eating half of my filet and two of my crab legs. The fiance really enjoyed his steak and I mean REALLY. It was gone before I knew it and I got to try a bite and was quite impressed with it as well.  . For a side we ordered "Jennie's mashed potatoes!" and for those of you that don't know, I have this lust/love for potatoes! These were spectacular!!!!!!!!! Cheesy with garlic bread bites and creamy potatoes....I was in heaven. . We ended the night with the Havana Pie and the Fudge Pie. We were able to order half a slice so we could try both, thanks to Ralph for the suggestion. I was in LOVE with the Havana Dream and just thinking about it makes me want to return for some more! The Havana Pie was some kind of custard cake with condensed milk and caramel.  The Fudge pie was ok, but I generally like desserts that are not as rich. . Overall, I LOVE Joe's and I hope we can return in the future....I didn't say near, because we did spend quite a few Benjamin's. =)
WOW! This place is the BEST, I mean the BEST! The bacon wrapped scallops are too die for!!!!! The crab cakes are yummy and full of crab. The steaks are tender and full of flavor!!!! I went with a party of 5 and everyone loved their food! This place is a must go for seafood lovers! Oh, the sideS were delish too, they are BIG enough to share! The Fried Asparagus and Jennies Mashed potatoes are yummmo!!!  Dont forget the Havanna Dream pie!!!
I'm so sad, I really think I am going to cry as I type this. . . But Joe's has removed from their menu the sauteed garlic shrimp! . . Please say it isn't so Joe's!. . Bring it back!!! . . They still get 5 stars though, Lol. . . Tear!
This place is absolutely terrific!  I've had dinner here on a number of occasions and never have been disappointed.  The bone in ribeye is outstanding and the Stone Claws are infamous with their mustard sauce.  I've also would rank the Black Cod as some of the best fish I've had in a long long time.. . It's curious but the bar food here is just as outstanding as the dinner menu.  The burgers and appetizers never disappoint while the service here is outstanding.  This place is always packed but it is not difficult to eat here off dinner hours say 5pm or 8pm.. . Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to this place as it's reputation precedes itself.  Top notch food, wine, and service with valet right outside the restaurant.  Do not be put off by all the tuxedo waiters as this is in Vegas so jeans and a T-Shirt will get you in but you will feel a bit under dressed with mink coats and suits surrounding you.. . Worth the money you'll spend and opt for the Large or Special Stone Crab Claws even if they do run you $55 for 4 of them.  Huge amount of meat on them vs the medium size claws.. . I do bring my children here and the servers are very accommodating with patio (in the mall) seating vs the dining area.  I am a regular here.
Always enjoyed my stone crab when I visit Vegas which is about twice a year. I will not miss this place for anything and really think the stone crab is a must when you visit Vegas
Joe's is one of my favorite spots in Vegas, I'm a vegetarian but the vegetable dishes are amazing! My favorite's are the fried asparagus with lemon butter sauce, jennies potatoes, green beans and cream corn, just perfect. The bar is also really fun and the cocktails are the bomb, It's a great bar to enjoy a cocktail before sitting down to eat. . . I love the "outdoor" seating area which is were I normally sit as it's light and I can see if there's fly in my salad :) I dined once in the back room which is dark and romantic, that was a hot date night and then who cares if there's a fly in my salad? I'm getting some... . Quick note about the stone crabs, I'm normally the only vegetarian of the group so they are always ordered and apparently amazing (if they are fresh) sometimes they have been frozen and my guests have sent them back because of that.
The food and the service here is great to say the least.  . . We started the night off with the Lobster Tempura and Joe's famous Scallops as appetizers.  Both were unbelievable.  The lobster tail was succulent and sweet and the coating was delicious and crispy.  The Scallops are seasoned and poached in clarified Butter.  If you do not like scallops, this is the dish to change your mind IMO.. . The Crab Bisque is great.  I am usually not a soup bisque person but I would definately have this when I come back.. . And finally the Stone Crab Claws.  We got a few of the large orders steamed and we were very satisfied.  I could eat the claws alone but combined with that clarified butter it was excellent.. . I have eaten here a few times before but this time was better than my previous experiences.
Joe's is high-quality well-prepared food, excellent service, and an old-time steakhouse atmosphere.. We went for my husband's birthday and had a great time. Obviously their signature stone crab claws are excellent. For our entrees, I had the glazed black cod, based on the recommendation of other reviewers. I was not disappointed - it was excellent! Light, flaky, but with a little bit of sweet barbecued glaze. My husband had the steak and king crab, which was also very good. I might complain about the amount of king crab (it seemed like less than one leg), but we were so stuffed, we didn't even finish everything anyway. Our sides were the corn and creamed spinach. I would not normally have ordered corn, but this was quite good, and I loved the creamed spinach. He drank, I had club soda, and we shared a dessert. Total, with tip, was just over $150 - you could pay alot more for a lot worse food!
The food is great and the service is fantastic.  There is this deadly potato concoction that is to die for!.
We decided to make a last minute reservation at Joes on a Saturday night. We had no problem making the reservation and were seated right away. The bread we were given was delicious. We started with stone crab and a wedge salad. The crab is just a vessel for the most delicious mustard dipping sauce. I usually don't even like butter with my crab but this was am exception. I had the black cod...omg so good! My husband and brother in law had streak quick they said was amazing and me my sister in law had terriyaki chicken...I think they gave her a while chicken. Service was great! Highly recommend!
Stone crab claws were delectable ... and pricey ... but well worth the money.  Love Joe's mustard sauce!  My husband expected to be dining with bibs on but they actually make it possible for you to eat these things daintily (nicely cracked and easy to eat).  Filet was fabulous and reasonably priced, as were the side dishes.  Our waiter, wish I could remember his name, was a wonderful older gentleman.  We did have to wait around 30 minutes after our reservation time but it appeared to be the norm - the place gets quite busy.  We'll definitely go back!
We were looking for a good seafood place outside of the Mirage Hotel because the restarants at the hotel are terible and pricey.  I found Joes' on yelp, which is only a two minute walk from the Mirage inside the Forum Shops.. . The food was amazing, even for Vegas standards.  We had the shrimp cocktail served on a bed of ice.  It came with four large shrimps and one of the best cocktail sauces I have ever had.  Perfect combination of spices..  The bread basket assortment was so good too, some sweet, some soft, some crunchy and some salty.  . . The main course I had the seabass with tomato confit.  It was awesome to say the least.  The side I had was the rice and the grilled tomatoes.  The tomaotes had a real rich and creamy cheddar cheese on top which was a little much for me, but most would probably like it.  And finally for desert we shared a boston cream pie.  Everything was fantastic and the service was top notch as well.  Greta was our server and she was very friendly and provided great table service.  . . Joe's will be a regular Vegas restaurant destination for us.
My brother, his friends and I were at the Vdara with dinner time rolling around with us all hungry, my brother's friend who lives in Vegas asked us "do you guys want quality or quantity?" Quality is what we wanted and Joe's was recommended which ended up being such a great choice that made me begin to hate buffets all together. If your wallet is crying, skip this place and hit up McDonalds, but if you are ready to dine than Joe's is the place to be. . Ambiance 5/5. This place is inside the forum shop at Caesars, the place looks nice, really upscale and great vibe.. . Service 5/5. Top notch and professional. We didn't have a reservation, but they were fine with us, we were seated pretty quick with a party of 9 of us. . . Food 5/5. If you come here, you MUST order the stone crab. The crab comes chilled, when you crack it open the texture is solid and when dipped into the mustard sauce that it comes with, the crab just flat out tastes delicious. I ordered the fried seafood platter that had an assortment of different seafoods like mussel, clams, scallop, fish, shrimp, it was pretty good, the batter was great. Also had the steak cooked medium rare, and that thing was really really really good, cuts nicely, perfectly cooked, melts in your mouth. You know how people say the best tasting steaks are the ones that don't need sauce, this is that kind of steak. . 15/15....too good. I will be sure to make a trip to this place when I go to Vegas, if you are in town at Vegas, get up in here
I have nothing bad to say about this place.  Everything we ordered was delish and service was excellent!
The Stone Crab was delicious but wasn't enough.  So, I have to say it was slightly overpriced not because of the quality but because of the amount given.  It's almost a taster tease.  The 2nd visit, I had their Filet Mignon and it is arguably probably the 2nd best steak flavored I've had next to Fleming's.  Great location at The Forum Shops in Caesars Palace!
Shrimp and Scallop Ceviche, Select Stone Crab, Wedge Salad, and Bone-In Rib Eye Steak = "PERFECT" Dinner for Two (we shared each dish).  The special mustard sauce for the crab is a plus. Service was excellent.  I'll eat here again for sure!
We eat at Joes every time we come to Vegas which is at least twice a year. One of the best steaks you will find anywhere. And the staff is super friendly, Ralph is our favorite waiter, unfortunately on this trip it was his day off. This time I had crab bisque for an appetizer and it was amazing. Of course the steaks were wonderful as usual. Save room for key lime pie if you can!
The first time I went to this restaurant I admit I was not impressed.  I typically like lots of flavors and variety.  However, I am now in love with this restaurant.  If  you want high quality seafood and steaks this is by far the best place I have been.  Most of the food is pretty basic, but it is the best at what it is.  The service is super good.  My favorites are the stone crabs, the petit filet, and the banana cream pie.
A--MAZ--ING!!!. . You must get the Stone Crabs (large ones if they have them). They are Melt in your Mouth.. They give you a Mustard/Mayo Dipping sauce which my Mom said was incredible but I dont like Mayo.   So they gave me a Malt Vinegar and their. Red Wine Shallot vinigerette to dip the crabs in,  Both were sooo good!. . We started with salads.. I had the Chopped Veggie Salad which had a ton of veggies and was great.. My parents had a Chopped Lettuce Tomato and Blue Cheese Salad which they loved.. . My Dad did not get the Stone Crabs, he got Lobster Tail  Tempura.. I tasted it, and it was also Melt in Your Mouth.. . Sides we got:. Lyonaisse Potatoes (I dont eat potatoes but they looked amazing if you do).. They were  dome shape, crunchy, and had carmelized onions on top.. Brocollini, which was simple with a garlic and olive oil, but very good.. . They give you a good selection of breads beforehand that seem to be homemade.  . I'm not really one to eat bread before a meal, but they had these really think cracker like things with parm cheese baked in and some intersesting seeds that we couldnt get enough of.. . Parents split the Key Lime Pie for dessert.   I didnt eat it, but it looked good, they said it was very good and the homemade crust looked good.. . Waiter was great.  Very informative and nice.. . I'd 100% recommend.. One of those places that, yes its pricey, but the food makes it totally worth the money.
recently, i was here and the stone crabs were even better than the ones I have eaten in the original Joe's in Miami Beach.  The Key Lime pie is one of the desserts I have ever eaten.  Don't know why one would order steak at a fish restaurant.
One of the top places to eat!. . I've been to Cut and other super expensive steakhouses.  I've had steaks that are $100 + (steak should never be that much).  When the steakhouse is that expensive, everything else is pricy too.  The total cost of one meal would be close to $150 per person at those places.  The quality is also good but nothing spectacular.. . Joe's steaks, filet mignon, lamb chops, glazed cod, etc. are all excellent!  The prices are reasonable.  The sides are great.  The stone crabs are delicious as well.  The atmosphere is nice too.. . For a lighter meal, try their salads ----soooo good.. . To sum it up.... . Everything at Joe's is quality and delicious.  You can try a bunchof entrees (steak, crab, lamb, cod) and sides (lobster bisque, salads, cream corn, jeanies potatoes) with a party of 5 and only pay $50 per person.  . . The other high end food places will cost you $150 but you only get a small cut of steak and 1 side.. . Joe's still my favorite in Vegas
We come here for lunch on every Vegas trip.  The lunch menu is cheaper and you're getting pretty much the same items as dinner.  . . The crab claws were good, but we prefer the  COLOSSAL LUMP CRAB CAKE ($14.95) because it comes with the same tasty mustard dipping sauce and you don't have to get your hands all messy.  . . The SEAFOOD CHOPPED SALAD ($16.95) a great salad to split with someone else, just let your waiter know you'll be sharing it and it comes out with 2 huge portions.  . . Our absolute favorite is the STONE CRAB BISQUE ($6.95 a bowl) I want to lick the bowl clean everytime I get this.  . . They open at 11:30am daily, get there as soon as you can for really quick service!
Eating a perfectly cooked medium rare bone-in ribeye from Vic & Anthony's may give me an orgasm in my mouth but Joe's totally hits the G-spot. Excuse... aw hell don't excuse my vulgarity, I could die happy after eating here. . . Joe's is a place I will visit every time i'm in LV whether i'm winning or losing. If you're going to eat the stone crabs, do splurge and go for the large sized claws. I tried the medium sized ones but they're not as meaty or succulent as the large claws. These large stone claws are slap your mama good and the dipping sauce everyone is raving about makes it even more unique.. . Follow it up with the Oysters Rockefeller which is better than Acme Oysters and Drago's that you will find in New Orleans. . . The crab cake is cooked to perfection. They are very generous with the lump crab and it is lightly battered unlike a lot of places who tend to over-batter crab cakes.. . I tried the rib-eye here the first time but it was forgettable so I just stick to the seafood now. . . Can't wait until my next trip to Joe's...
from the outstanding service that i always recieve, right down to the awesome key lime pie for dessert- Joes is a place that i always hit at least once on a trip to vegas.. . wheather it is business, or pleasure- its always a pleasure.. . Thomas- the matre D is one of the most genuine people i have met in the business, and he always makes me feel like a regular- even though i dont make it in nearly as much as i would like to!. . the stone crabs are always amazing, and the steaks are always perfect.. . dont forget the lyonaisse potatoes- always nice and crisp.. . im partial to the bone in ribeye, medium rare- but the bone in filet was amazing as well.. . above all, the house mustard sauce (so simple, yet perfect) is jut to die for!. . dont forget dessert!  life is just too short!
I really like the steak here. As a resident of LA, I still haven't found a place that serves a great steak other than this place in Vegas. Although I do have a somewhat limited steak repertoire since I haven't tried many of the Midwest steakhouses, my parents make a fabulous steak so I feel that I'm qualified to judge a great steak.. . I've tried Mastros and I thought it was merely adequate. . . I like the steak at Joe's.. We also had the stone crab claws which were delicious.. We also had the key lime pie and the peanut butter dessert. I thought they were really good.. . One nice option is that you can have them give you half portions of the desserts.. . All in all, this is one of my favorite places so we really want to come back here all the time.
I went to Joe's for the first time last night.  I was with a group of 14 people, 10 of whom were in from out of town and it was their pick.  As a local, who doesn't smoke or gamble I spend very little time on the strip and do my best to find great off strip bars and restaurants.  Joe's is worth braving the traffic and tourists!   . . We were given a private room with a fantastic server, Thomas.  Everything was absolutely fantastic.  We started with the appetizer called the second mortgage.  It has Jumbo Shrimp, Lobster Cocktail, Alaskan King Crab and Shrimp & Scallop Ceviche.  The seafood was fresh, beautifully presented and delicious.  Next I had the Stone Crab Bisque, which was silky, flavorful and actually contained small pieces of stone crab.  I ordered the Lump Crab Cakes which were huge, amazingly tasty and probably 95% crab with just enough filler to keep them from falling apart.  . . My bf had the Bone in Rib Eye which was quite possibly the best steak I've ever tasted.  It was a beautiful, extremely high quality cut of meat that was cooked to a perfect medium rare.  Others in my party had the Bone in Filet which was also high quality and cooked perfectly.  Also, one other ordered the Dover Sole, which I highly recommend.  It was fresh and cooked perfectly.  It was also expertly and impressively deboned table side.  The Stone Crabs are also very good.  They come pre-cracked so; all you have to do is peel back the shell pieces and savor the incredibly sweet stone crab meat.  For dessert we tried the Blueberry Pie a la mode, the Key Lime Pie and the Banana Cream Pie, all of which are made fresh in house daily and were incredible.   However, the Banana Cream Pie was a standout.  It was amazing!. . Everything from the atmosphere, the service and the food were incredible.
All I can think about from my Vegas trip is Joe's Seafood!! It wasn't about all the partying, drinking, gambling or any of that it was just how darn good this place was !! . . The night was started off by looking for a seafood place to go and eat at. Mainly looking through yelp to find one. I didn't really want to get a buffet but I wanted a nice classy sit down and order your food ! I got what I wanted and called Joe's Seafood up. . . They said they could take us in a few hours and indeed they did. While walking through this place you will notice that every server is wearing a nice black suit and it seems formal but hey we are in Vegas and I saw many patrons wearing just flip flops and t shirts. . . I did call about the dress code but they said they do prefer business but doesn't matter if you are dressed in casual. So off we went on this find adventure!!. . The Order: . Crab Cake- It is one large crab cake which is cooked or pan fried lightly for a little bit of crisp on the outside. The inside is nice and soft with a hint of mayo. The taste is amazing and I would say this is on my top 10 list of crab cakes. . . Stone Crab Claw- Had two of these and they are served chilled with a wedge of lemon but you really don't need anything. Just try it without and you can tell that this is really good crab. The flavor is nice and and amazing. I wish I could just eat more...but we wanted to try everything!. . Crab Bisque- Not my favorite thing on my meal. I didn't even finish it because it just had a very bad buttery flavor. It tasted way too fatty for me and I just didn't like it. . . Parmesan Crusted Halibut- Need to order this, the crust was just perfect amount of crispiness in each bite with the fish. Also the fish was not at all dry and it just had an awesome flavor. Love love it!! Must order if you come here. . . Half order of mashed potatoes- On the top of it was some very crispy cheese topping. I can tell you the half order was huge. we didn't even finish most of the sides because we were just stuffed with food!!. . Half order of mac and cheese- I see mushrooms yeah !! :) I liked how the texture of the pasta is and also how they did the mac and cheese, it is defiantly a different style. Not from Kraft and it does taste a whole lot better. . . Overall the meal was perfect, the server that we had was a very nice lady and she didn't hassle us about what we ordered or if we needed to order more. I know some places might be a little bit on the mad side if you only order one meal but seriously..I can't eat a whole lot and the portion size is out of this world!! Most places feed you a very large size and this is one of them!! Everything was large and good !! The only thing I would suggest not getting is the crab bisque. . . But my experience at Joe's has made me want to come to Vegas more often to get a nice meal in!! See you soon Joe!
This is another stop on my "must see Vegas" list. I really can't say enough good things about this place. If you were like me and had never even heard of stone crab before, then you have to come here. If you're a little more budget-conscious (if such a thing exists in Vegas) go for lunch because they are usually running great lunch specials where you can get stone crab, they're melt-in-your-mouth potatoes, a side of tomato and a dessert for a very reasonable price. If you want to splurge, check it out for dinner. Both times it has a great swanky yet casual vibe. But for either one...be sure to make a reservation.. . I've been going for about 3 years now and it's always been the same host standing at the front podium. He even recognizes my mom and I when we come. The waitstaff has been the same for a long time too which is nice when you come back to a place annually and you see the same friendly faces.. . I recommend the large stone crab (it's a bit of an effort to eat I warn you). But once you get inside those shells, the buttery deliciousness that awaits will make it all worthwhile. Order any one of their many kinds of mashed potatoes...there's nothing like them. And for dessert, everything is good but the key lime pie...WOW! It's the perfect refreshing finisher on a hot summer Vegas day too.. . Now if you'll excuse me, I'm getting in my car to take off for Vegas as I just made myself desperately starving for some Joe's Stone Crab!
My husband and I got a gift certificate to Joe's as a wedding present. We went this week and we had a great time. Our server, Al, was very attentive, funny, and helpful with all of our selections. I asked for my steak to be cooked medium but a little seared on the outside and it came back...burnt. The flavor was still amazing and that was the only, very small thing that was not perfect. Just to praise Al one more time, he brought us a complimentary piece of the havana dream dessert. It is one of my favorite all time desserts. We could not get enough of it. From making the reservation with Terence to saying goodnight to the staff, our experience was wonderful
A must try for those going to the city of loss wages...no loss here as their stone crab, lobster bisque, and other specialty items on the menu are mouth-satisfying.. . On the recommendation of our server, I had the salmon with lime butter.  L-O-V-E-D it!!! The salmon wasn't drenched in the sauce, but lightly pampered in it making it  a delish and still healthy meal.  We also had the seafood salad, which is a salad that comes with nice sized pieces of lobster, stone crab, and other delectably ocean faring critters.  Last but not least, we ordered the prime rib, which was cooked to perfection!. . A definite must stop on our next trip back...hopefully this time to withdraw!!! :)
Favorite restaurant in Vegas!  Seafood,steak, and the best Mojito I've ever had and trust me I've tried to find a better one!
Eat at Joe's! This place is really top notch people. I was lucky enough to go here for my birthday in June. I had the select stone crabs and a filet. It was one of the best seasoned and perfectly cooked(medium rare) steaks I've ever had. This is from a guy who has had Ruth's Chris and Mortons countless times. The service was perfect, we sat in the good fellas booth in the corner and felt like some OG's for sure. It's def pricey, that comes with the territory and is all well worth it. Check it out, unless you have trouble getting a table I doubt you'll find any reason to dislike this place.
The best pork chop I ever had. I have had them five times. Always delicious.
The coconut cream pie here is the best in town, their ribeye streak will challenge any other west of the Mississippi, and there should be a law against their side potatoes.  The service is of the highest caliber, and the wine list is great.  To those who may not dig crab, (from a guy who isn't much into seafood,) Joe's actually serves my favorite steak meal in town.  It's worth braving the Strip for.  (I'd also recommend using the Forum Shops Valet - it's free, right outside the restaurant, and the time/hassle saved is really worth the couple dollar tip.)
I know this is a place for seafood but trust me, the bone in ribeye is one of the best in the valley and yes, I've been to Ruth Chris, the steakhouse at Circus Circus and SW Steakhouse at the Wynn. . . My server James definitely knew the menu and suggested some great items but for the most part, all of the servers are friendly, attentive and know the menus and the sommliers know their wine.  I've been a loyal customer for a few years now and dine in this place for lunch and dinner about once every four months. . . For appetizers, I like the huge grilled Madagascar shrimp with the lemon sprayed on it. When the stone crab is in season, it is always good to order, especially because it gives you an excuse to get some of that tasty tartar/mustard sauce it comes with. . . The place has a front section that is casual but a back dining area for more intimate settings as well as an upstairs area for private parties. They touch all the bases.
Yum.  so good.  Their seafood salad is excellent.  And of course the stone crabs.  Even the steak, scallop and king crab was good.
We decided to go here for dinner before the show at Caesars that night.Everything is a la carte, so when you order a steak, that's all you get. Sides are ordered separately, but each side will easily serve two people. I was in a party of five so everyone ordered their entrees and we had three side dishes, which was more than enough for my table. Our server was spot on and courteous. I would probably put him near or at the top of the list of the servers I have had. . . We ordered a Stone Crab appetizer for all of us to share. It was the first time for me having Stone Crab and I didn't think it was the greatest. But I knew what I had coming, so nothing was going to compare anyway. It probably isn't something I would order again. I absolutely had to order the table-side chilled Alaskan King Crab legs with melted butter. I died and went to heaven several times over! I normally prefer my crab meat warm instead of chilled, but who am I to complain if they're going to do all the work for me? It was so delicious I'm about to start drooling just thinking about how good it was. I normally make fun of my sister about being stingy with food, but I made the most food aggressive dog look tame with my crab legs. The side dishes were good too, which ranged from french fries to baked potatoes to macaroni and cheese to green beans. It was a fairly good list so I don't remember all of them. . . It is a bit on the expensive side (my crab legs were well worth the $60, though) so be prepared drop some bucks. If you're lucky enough, you'll be able to pay for the entire meal with casino winnings. If you like Alaskan King Crab, this is definitely the place for you.
A great restaurant! Have eaten here 10+ times and always great waiters,service & food.  4 of us went last night and ordered large stone crab. It was not up to the normal unbelievable quality. The manager came over and told us, very nicely, that it was out of season and that was why it was frozen. We sent it back. 10 minutes later he had a platter of cold king crab sent to the table to make up for the problem. . If you go ask if the crab is in season, if not, get the king crab. Their steaks are great, the sides very large & good, and probably has the best fried chicken on the west coast.  Key lime pie is a must.. Try it, it is one of the top restaurants in Vegas.
Had a great birthday dinner here, the food and the service were superb.  First, you start off the dinner with an amazing basket of bread, there's a great variety and everything was yummy, but my favorite was the flatbread.  They make it fresh at the restaurant, and it is super crispy and tasty.  Oysters on the half shell - amazing!  I loved all the sauces that accompanied it and the miniature tabasco sauce was super cute.  Also loved the stone crabs but felt like it was a bit overpriced, the best thing about them was the sauce.  Their seabass was cooked perfectly.  The only thing mediocre was the pork chop.  I guess you should stick to seafood here.  Overall, great dining experience, I'd definitely come back.
Wonderful experience.  We came without a reservation and were accommodated and given a nice table.  We had the Cesar salad, seared ahi and creamed spinach.  Food was excellent and the service was just as good.  I was happy we happened to go there on a whim.  We will return!
One of my top 10 meals of all time...maybe it was the company or the accidental ordering of too much food.. . Here's what I ordered:. 16 oz ribeye (4* very flavorful even without the bone). a bunch of those ONE LARGE CLAWS (4*). Broccolini (5*). Grilled tomatoes (5*). Garlic spinich (5*). Sweet corn (5*). Jennie's potatoe (4*). . The sides were probably my favorite part of the meal.  Especially the Broccolini.  Everything was solid here and I didn't regret paying what I paid (a lot).  There's nothing truly unique here but I have to say their execution is top notch.
This was a wonderful meal!. We shared:. caesar salad. crab cake appetizer (1 crab cake). select stone crab (6 crab claws). fisherman's platter (fried) includes cod, shrimp, amazing scallops and calamari
Loved Joe's.  Liked it even more because we went with our kids for lunch and they loved it too.  Kids had a Caesar salad and the mini cheese burgers and fries.  They loved it.  My husband and I had the crab claws as an appetizer which was awesome.  I had a NY steak and asparagus.  Steak was perfectly seasoned and cooked to medium rare.  My husband had the scallops.  He said they were a tad overdone, but I didn't think so at all.  He also ordered the grilled tomatoes.  We all loved that.. Our server Joey was terrific and his assistants were just as good.  Everyone was so friendly and accommodating (because we had the 3 kids).  We sat on the "patio" area which was perfect for our loud family.  Lots of noise from people walking by.  Will definitely go back.
Restaurant Week is in full swing, and we are now 4 for 4! Last night Diane and I dined at Joe's, and it was another great meal! . . We arrived for dinner on Thursday at 5:45 p.m., 15 minutes before our reservation, and were seated right away. By 7:00 p.m. the main dining room was almost completely full. We had never been here before, and I was a bit intimidated at first as I approached the high reception stand where a man in a jet black tuxedo with jet black hair towered over me. But he was friendly and professional, as were all of the other black bow-tied, black tuxedoed, and white aproned restaurant personnel we encountered during our visit. I had only seen the bar and mall dining areas before, and thought they comprised the whole restaurant. Not so! We were ushered through a curtain to a very elegant dining room that had decorative lights on the wall and a decidedly New York City clubby steakhouse feel to it, with much dark wood and brown leather, white tablecloths, and several tables surrounded by comfortable booths along both main walls. It was very sophisticated but not pretentious, as were the several servers who moved briskly about like busy bees. It was interesting just watching them in action. . . We went with the Restaurant Week menu, but augmented it with a two-claw appetizer of Stone Crab Claws and King Crab Mac & Cheese. I always wondered whether I would be able to eat Stone Crab claws because their ends look like elongated fingers painted with black nail polish. But it was easier than I thought, since that part of the claw is left alone. The claws arrived from the kitchen already largely crushed by a mallet, so it was not that difficult to pry apart the porcelain-like shell casing to get at the meat underneath. But there seemed to be less meat than found in Alaskan Crab Claws. The thin morsels of crab meat tasted fine either dipped in drawn butter, the mild Mustard Sauce that was provided, or just eaten straight out of the shell. Yet I noted that they were not as sweet or satisfying as King Crab Claw meat. And, at about $22 for two claws, they were not cheap. So, for me, it is now "been there, done that!" But I will definitely return to Joe's for its other fine fare, including lobster and King Crab. . . Although this was hardly needed, an assortment of bread products tasted good with the soft pats of butter provided. And a bowl of Stone Crab Bisque was sweet and smooth--simply exquisite in taste and texture. I liked it better without the garnish of tiny cuts of carrots and zucchini that we asked to have served on the side, since Diane's Yelp nickname is "Veggie Hater" for a reason. But I picked the delicate morsels of Stone Crab out of the garnish and tossed them in the wonderful soup, which avoided an inexcusable wasting of fine crab particles and made the soup even tastier. . . A large chopped salad of lettuce, tomato, onion, and Blue Cheese crumbles with a fine Vinaigrette Dressing was quite satisfying. My 8 oz. Filet Mignon with drinkable Bearnaise Sauce was simply divine. It was well seasoned on top, perfectly medium rare inside as ordered, and did literally melt in my mouth. I liked it better without the house seasonings, which I tried on a couple of bites. It was one of those steaks that kept getting better and better as slices of beef moved toward the rarer center. . . Diane's moist Halibut had a tasty Parmesan Crust, augmented by a Buerre Blanc-like sauce that was provided. It was notably flatter than many servings of Halibut experienced at other restaurants, but of ample portion size. The King Crab Mac & Cheese, made with white shells, hunks of King Crab, and Bechamel Sauce, tasted good, but was not nearly as noteworthy as the sumptuous Jennie's Mashed Potatoes that were covered with a mix of baked Asiago Cheese and breadcrumbs. And, few lobster chunks were included in the dish. Creamed Spinach was creamy as billed, and quite tasty. . . Joe's Signature Key Lime Pie arrived ultra cold and almost frozen. After trying one bite, I let my slice sit for 5 minutes, and then it was just right, having lost its icy taste. It was very tart and delicious. . . Peppermint Gelato with Hot Fudge was not as memorable as the Key Lime Pie, but the melted Hot Fudge was delicious. It had the strong taste of peppermint, and every now and then surprised the palate with peppermint candy chips. I would have preferred this dish during the Christmas season! . . All in all, a wonderful five-star meal!
A must stop everytime in VEGAS!  The food is beyond words. The seafood is devine, scallops, fresh fish of the day, filet mignon, whatever you get is great!  Key Lime Pie the best and coldest!  Always busy, great place to watch people.  The staff is professional and great service always.  Can't miss this in VEGAS.  Nice views of the Forum mall.
Woohoo! As good as it gets! 5/5 EXCELLENT!. . STOP! Beware the next comment may cause the reader to salivate. . is exactly how I felt as I bit into my absolutely sinfully delectable and succulent Chilean Sea Bass with Miso ...(*mouth starts salivating).. glaze.. . . It's white mass was cooked to perfection. Presented center stage next to a neatly dressed soy-teriyaki bok choy reduction on a decadent flawless white serving plate, it is visually stunning.  The Miso glaze crust was flaky and crispy (almost lightly fried), but as you bit into the actual sea creature's flesh it starts to part into two as your teeth bite into it. The steamy, juicy flesh meat rushes to your taste buds and you totally fall in love it. It is soft, the texture akin'd to a firmer softened butter with a clean taste absent of any overpowering fishiness inexperienced restaurants suffer from. Oh no, this fish was absolutely PERFECT! This experience, which I've only had once, was only at this Joe's Seafood Restaurant!. . If I had a final meal on this planet, It'd be the entire menu at Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab Restaurant! Bar none!. . You cannot go wrong with anything you order here, but DO NOT FORGET TO TRY THE SEABASS if you're a fish eater!. . As expected for a restaurant of such reputation, the decor and staff is without a doubt FLAWLESS! Expect to tip the Matrie D' to take you seriously and receive a seat... otherwise wait for an obscene amount of time watching other people eat. They only take reservations for 8 or more.. . PROS: EVERYTHING. . CONS: Becareful, as this place is very expensive. The Chilean Sea Bass with Miso Glaze will go for $38.95 a'la carte!. . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!
Classy atmosphere, wine, tasty stone crab, and succulent steak. Joe's is top notch, the service is fantastic, and the food is delicious. If you're willing to throw some money down on a worthwhile meal, head here immediately.
A+ for seating at the bar during a busy Las Vegas lunch time. The bartender there gave us the best service, always attentive to filling drinks if needed and also even giving us hot towels after first squeezing lemon juice into our hands after digging into the succulent Joe's Stone Crabs.. . I had high expectations for this place after having it first from a previous trip to Miami and this place did not disappoint. The service, decor, ambience were impeccable, and matched with the Vegas setting. I ordered the lunch combination that included 5 medium sized claws, as well as cole slaw, potato hash and also the key lime pie for dessert. The hubs got a dry aged rib-eye sandwich with fries shaped like thick potato chips that were delicious. We left really full and satisfied and would definitely come back again.
This place is going to be tough to beat..bar service, drinks and scene - perfect, steak, stone crab, sides and coconut cream pie - perfect again. Add that to a waiter that looked like Yul Brenner, loved to talk about the place, its history and the story of the stone crab and you have restaurant greatness. I'll be back next month..
I made a reservation, which was honored. We were seated in a comfortable booth. The service was outstanding; not the usual LV-style of waiter disinterest. The food was tasty, cooked just right, and served promptly. This is the best dining experience I've had in my five years of living here and eating out frequently.
The best steak and salmon I've had in Vegas. The steak was so good and juicy and the salmon was near perfection. The blue cheese wedge was very good and the portion was quite a bit. The almond green beans were a very good side. I think we paid $84 for the whole meal for two of us. The waitress was very nice and was so helpful. Highly recommend.
The Lobster was excellent. I also had the spinach with a cream sauce and that was really good as well. I loved the feel of the place very elegant bu casual. Our server was really nice too.
Oh Joe's, How I love thee, Let me count the ways.... . #1 Excellent service. Really top notch!. #2 Possibly one of the best steaks I have ever had. Ever.. #3 The freshest shrimp cocktail I have ever had!. #4 Side dishes so delicious yet not too delicious to distract from the main entrees.. #5 Banana cream pie to die for!. . My husband and I stop here every trip to Vegas and we are never disappointed. Sitting by the bar, or enjoying a romantic evening in the restaurant, you will definitely have a good experience!
The ambience was excellent, the food was subperb. I do recommend thus place if your ever in Vegas!
We were looking to enjoy a steak for lunch and we stumbled upon your restaurant. Our meals and dining experience were exceptional. Hats off to the chef. We will certainly be back. Thank you so much! It was exactly what we were looking for. One of the best steaks that we've ever had. Cooked to perfection!
This place is AMAZING. Bring your wallet!!!!!. . You can make reservations at this one on opentable, something you can't even think about doing in the South Beach location. This is not the same as Joe's Crab Shack, they are light years apart. There are only 3 of these locations that I know about--Miami, Chicago, & Vegas.. . The roasted corn is by far my favorite side.  The Seafood Salad to start is awesome. And believe it or not their FRIED chicken is off the chain.  Other good sides are their potatoes and creamed spinach.. . They had fresh King Crab legs 1.25 lb was $90, not cheap by any means but super good. Great for groups!  Great for dates. All the waiters are in tuxedos. Joe's is on the first floor and there is a side sneaky valet if you know where to look that's right next to it.. . key lime pie for dessert is a must!  But they have a banana one too that is just as good. Get both why not! What's another $10 when you are going all in!. . Make sure you ask for extra lemons and mustard sauce.. . You can thank me later.  Oh and ps they are open for lunch too!
Holy moly!!!  The Alaskan King Crab legs are so amazing!!!  The most meaty pair of crab legs I've ever had.  I love it because there is a person who prepares the legs for you, so all you have to do is pull the meat out with your fork!  The sides are delicious as well!  The deep fried asparagus was crunchy and tender, the grilled corn is also a must.  They had a lobster mac and cheese, but just recently took it off the menu!  Big sad face!  It's  must if you are in vegas!  You might have to win some money to pay for it though :) Enjoy!
Stone crabs and rib-eye steaks are the reason you go to this place.  The crabs are sweet and succulent reminding you how obsession with the sea begins.  The rib-eye is beautifully fatty and well-marbled so together they are out of this world.  I went with my best friends and shared the perfectly cooked Lyonnaise potatoes as a side, which are hash browns with caramelized onions and is enough to share between four people.  This is a destination because they are so attentive and very accomodating while serving you lavishly hearty food.  My friend started getting meat sweats finishing the 20 oz steak but he cannot help clean his plate especially when you sprinkle it with the special rub that they provide.  Did I mention that they served delicious bread as soon as we sat down?  We felt so pampered and full as we trundled out of this joint.  A must-go when you are jonesing for hearty American steak meal
Before engaging in Lost wages activity we frantically searched for a good restaurant that was still open since we forget not all venues in Vegas operate under all hours of the day. As we were seated I gawked in awe at the surroundings. Classy place, black leather seats and black and white photographs of spectacular views and the like. Mirror along the walls and dim lighting it was as if to say it was designed with old Hollywood in mind. . Nothing short of refreshingly beautiful service. Upon seating, our waiter introduced himself and gave us a a basket of assorted breads with butter and pesto spread, afterwards offering us one of 5 variations of water they had! The menu was fairly sized and moderately priced. We ordered a dozen oysters, I ordered the bacon wrapped sea scallops and my husband ordered the filet mignon and lobster combination. We ultimately ended up switching plates. Our glasses were never empty and discarded plates and utensils didn't pile up on our table since service was swift and spry. We shared a dessert, the tres leches cake, although the key lime pie cake (!? pie cake ?!?!) will always be sorely remembered as the one that got away, or the one I never tried. Our choice accompanied by some fuck*ng fantastic coffee , which was also recommended by our waiter , failed to disappoint and it proved to be a worthy way to end a lovely meal. Our waiter gave us the cake on the house because he found it was our "Just Married Dinner".
Off the chart good!  I just wish they had a place in Los Angeles.  By far the best crab I have ever had in my life.  There was not one thing that I would change in the whole experience.  Can't wait to get back to Las Vegas to eat there again.
The best restaurant in Las Vegas for Stone Crabs.  Celebrated my birthday the other night there with my wife and two kids.  We had the Caesar salad (Great), Jumbo Stone Crabs (phenomenal), bone in ribeye (terrific), Dover Sole (unreal), and the following sides...... Creamed spinach, roasted corn, and a potato dish our server recommended.  Wow what a meal and the service was great.  We didn't have room for desert, however they brought out a brownie with ice cream for my Bday. Now with that being said tis the season for holiday deserts so of course we had to order some to go.  Traditional Key Lime Pie, pumpkin chiffon pie and sweet potato pecan pie were all a must.  Love Joes!
Came here with Mom, and we shared the colossal lump crab cake appetizer, the stone crab bisque, and the seafood chop salad with creamy vinaigrette.  Everything was excellent.  . . The crab cakes are 95% crab chunks. And I mean chunks, none of those wimpy small pieces you get in normal crab cakes. The crabs they use must be huge! The meat was sweet and juicy, and the binding agent they use to hold it all together only added to the flavor. The cakes are roasted to a golden brown (not fried) and about the size of a tennis ball. One $16 serving comes with two cakes, making this an insanely good deal.. . The crab bisque was very tasty and super rich, if a little salty. A small cup was $8, but it was so rich and filling that I could barely finish it.. . The seafood salad comes with avocado, celery, asparagus, tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers, onions, and lobster, shrimp and crab meat. They were generous with the seafood,  and all the ingredients worked well together.. . Service was excellent and the seating area is very pleasant.  The kitchen was nice enough to split both the crab cakes and the salad on two plates since we were sharing.  I will continue to return every time I'm in Vegas.
Awesome Bisque!
This place was a last minute thought on our Vegas excursion. This place is EXPENSIVE but so worth the cost. They have a great wine selection as well. To start we had their signature stone crab claws. The crab was served cold so threw me off a bit but when I tasted it boy was it AMAZING. Then the Steak we ordered was huge... So we ended up splitting it with some still left over. This literally melted in your mouth. Our server was adorable and so attentive to our table. We were seated in the front dining area. I wouldn't mind swinging by for a lunch or dinner here when I hit up Vegas again.
FANTASTIC service, staff, and food. We had our anniversary dinner here and everything was perfect. My husband picked it because they had surf n turf on the menu and no dress code requirements (although the atmosphere is very classy!)  SO glad we ended up there! Also had a gluten free menu for me and were very accommodating!  We will definitely return!
Three of us went here just before New Year's 2012.  Two of us had been to Joe's in Miami, FL; one had never been to Joe's.. We arrived on time and were promptly greeted and seated in a quiet corner.  Our server, Linda, is English and a delightful person.. I started with the crab bisque which was rich and creamy and sprinkled with chunks of crab.  My other partners split a medium order of stone crabs which they loved.  One of my partners also had the lump crab cake which he loved because of the large chunks of crab.. For entrees, two of us had the shrimp scampi over linguini while the third person had the fisherman's platter.  He loved it but was disappointed there was no cod.  Linda apologized and explained they had run out of cod so they gave him extra shrimp.. Oh, my two partners had a glass of '09 Kungfu Girl Riesling which they enjoyed.. To finish, we split a slice of key lime pie which was too tart for me, but they loved.. It was a wonderful meal - expensive, but worth it for a special occasion.
While I'm not normally a fan of restaurants transplanted from their original location, I must say that Joe's in Las Vegas is one of my favorites.  There are pictures in the restaurant from Miami Beach, FL however their website only mentions a sister restaurant in Chicago so I'm not sure if this is truly related to the Miami Beach location.  Regardless, I love it there and I eat there almost every time I visit Las Vegas.  I usually get a stone crab appetizer assuming its the proper season.  The crab is always delicious although this past visit there were a few small pieces of shell that I had to pick out as I removed the meat (maybe this is normal?)  For my main course I usually have some type of fish and whatever I've had always tastes fresh.  My dining companions had fried shrimp which was crispy and yummy and another companion had a steak which was also up to fine steakhouse standards.  Side dishes were corn (among the best corn I ever had) and two types of potatoes.  I had key lime pie for desert which tasted like what I've had in Key West.  I was told it was made with genuine key limes which isn't the case with most restaurant versions.  While ordering, our server gave us the option of having two 1/2 sides of two different kind of potatoes when she saw we were indecisive of which to order.  A small touch like this goes a long way.  On that note, something that differentiates this restaurant from the rest is the service.  The service here is always top notch.  Each time I eat here I feel welcome, and enjoy how the staff is efficient without hovering over us.  This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  Great food and great service.
Tasty food and attentive to details service. Their black grilled cod, seafood salad and lobster bisque were delicious.  Get what you pay for their service and food.
Great food, espcially the crab legs and stone crab bisque. Service was excellent across the board.
Ok so when my buddy tells me "don't even think of coming home without going to this place". Well not much convincing being that I love Seafood and Steak.... Let me tell you something... it really doesn't get much better than this place. The stone crab is out of this world, cooked to perfection and the bring it to you with the shell already cracked so there is no fight when it comes to getting to the meat- you just basically peal the broken pieces off and ohh man.... it just melts in your tongue and their mustard sauce is the icing on the cake. I also tried the fillet mignon which was amazing!
We happened across this fine restaurant while at staying at Caesar's Palace.  We were hungry, underdressed and big fans of steak and crab.  Having no idea what we were in for, we ordered the stone crab.  Stone crab is a slightly sweet, completely wonderful crab which I have since started ordering from the original Joe's in Miami direct to my house.  The bread basket was great - lots of choices - and the filet and bacon wrapped scallops were out of this world.  While it is a bit pricey - the food is well worth it.  Great for special occasions - which is every trip to Las Vegas!
This was overall our best meal in Vegas.  We went early December and I still remember it!  . . First, the waiter complimented me on my wine selection because the sommelier had just added it to the list that night and he was surprised I had picked it out.  (Bonus points for telling me I know something about food and wine - I just happened to have a recent obsession with Oregon Pinots - and it was less than $50, so it's not like I went super fancy). . . Next we (4 of us) decided to split oysters and a wedge salad.  Both were awesome.  The oysters were so good we had to re-ask the origin to look for them on other menus. . . Next, I had scallops, one friend had bacon wrapped scallops, another had filet, and the 4th had fish (I forget which one).  All were amazing and too large of portions to finish!  For sides we had potatoes and asparagus, delicious as well.  . . Our service was excellent and attentive.  . . We did not have room for dessert.. . Split between 4 people our bill ended up more than reasonable, especially after the disastrous medicare overprice dining experiences we had been having in Vegas.
The first time we walked up we all thought it was this simple bar and grill place.  We made reservation thru our concierge @ Vdara. When we get there we tell the host that we have reservation and they escort us to the back, behind the curtain and BAM!! We get hit with the elite and fancy side of Joe's. Wow, fancy shemancy... Love it.  So we sit down wit at least 3 -4 server per table and one took our orders.  We had to try the stone crabs of course and the 20 oz rib eyes. We also order some lobster bisque... oh man I only ordered a cup of this stuff but I could've eaten a gallon of it. So rich and flavorful each bite had tons of lobster meat..yumm-mo!! The stone crabs came out next and we each got 2....pretty damn expensive but it was a great piece of claw. Super fresh and amazingly easy to get every single piece of meat.  Not sure if I would get this again since it was about $47 for 2 claws.... =P  Either way once in a lifetime type of deal for all of us.  . Our main entrees came next...I ordered the 20 oz rib eye medium well and my wife ordered the veal.  Oh man the rib eye was huge!! Didn't have to put much effort in cutting that bad boy.  The taste was perfect no A1 or sauce or anything.  Loved it My wife's veal was super tender and tasted great. The veal was breaded and had a great flavor and crunchiness to it.  Our friend got the pound of Alaskan crab legs.. oh man those were great.. I wish they had that and a small side of rib eye.  Hint hint!! They even cut open every single crab leg.  Fancchee!!  We also ordered our sides, creamed spinach, garlic mashed potatoes, and roasted corn.  All were fantastic..We found out if you mix all three it creates complete happiness in your mouth. Hahaha  . Although we were stuffed I wanted to order some dessert for everyone.  So we shared some banana foster cake and some chiffon type cake. Both were so good and ended our night perfectly.  Great way to end our Vegas trip!!   For all 7 of us the bill was only $600ish.. So not bad.  Great service and great food! Must try guys!!
My boyfriend and I were excited to dine here on December 26, 2011.  My best friend raved about their stone crabs and key lime pie, so I had to try!. . The complimentary bread assortment was so delicious.  We were walking along the Vegas strip all day and didn't realize how hungry we were until we sat down.  Thank goodness for the fresh gourmet bread & butter!. . For starters we ordered the seafood salad and the crab bisque.  The seafood salad was refreshing, but the crab bisque truly stood out.  My boyfriend loved it.  It had chunks of crab in there!. . Then came two orders of the medium stone crabs served with a dipping sauce that was to die for.  The crabs were perfectly chilled and so meaty.  We also ordered  sweet potato fries.  They were very yummy too.  We were so stuffed I didn't have room to try their key lime pie. That was my only disappointment with this place.. . I will definitely be back for more!
Winning! . . Stone crab app...Large claws and so fresh! It's like they practically just plucked them from the ocean. . . Fish and chips-Just ok. I'm obsessed with fish and chips, btw. It's my ultimate comfort food. The batter was a bit to thick for my liking but the fish was fresh.  . . Grilled chicken club-pretty standard, but the chicken was moist and flavored well. . . Beet salad-Yet another thing I'm currently obsessed with. I highly recommend it!. . The food was good but definitely not worthy of 5 stars. So, why did I post them? The service was outstanding!. . Let me set the scene.... . Our server brought us another round of drinks halfway through our meal. As the server lifted the glass, about to put it on the table, I notice a rush of liquid coming from the bottom of the glass dousing my mom's purse and her leg in soda. The staff at Joe's moved quickly. Before I knew it, there were five servers around us, mopping and cleaning off the table and bringing us towels to wipe off. My mother has a sense of humor and what's a bit of soda? No biggie. We just wanted to finish our meal. Our server was apologetic and there wasn't really a need. Accidents happen. Then the GM came out and offered us a personal apology, then came the chef. Incredible! They offered a complimentary dessert which wasn't necessary but appreciated. I expected a slice of key lime pie but they brought out not only the key lime pie, but the bananas fosters a delicious chocolate packed cake that was heaven! With the care they took with us, I'll definitely come back anytime I'm in Vegas!
If you love seafood and you are in Vegas, you must go to Joe's.  Like everyone else on here, the Stone Crab app is amazing.  The stone crab's are served with a great mustard dipping sauce.   I ordered the bacon wrapped scallop's and grilled sweet corn.  Both were perfect.  I also ordered a Key Lime martini which was great.  The service here is wonderful.  Also, when you come here, save room for the deserts.  They have 10+ pies every nights.  The peanut butter pie is my favorite.
Big fan- large stone crab and bone in filet are musts. . The peanut butter pie is unreal.
Come during lunch. The stone crab claws were sweet, juicy and meaty. The crab bisque was one of the better soups that I've had ever. Their lunch special (5 stone crab claws, potatoes, cole slaw, key lime pie) was a great deal for $25.95. The wife ordered the seafood salad, and there were huge chunks of seafood, including lobster, shrimp and fresh crab. It was a lot of food for a reasonable price.
I been to Joe's in. Miami and a big fan of snow clag legs I was anxious to try this offshoot of the Original Joe's. We split a seafood salad which was loaded with giant shrimp ,  crab and. Then the real star arrive. Large stone crab. Which take a little work to eat, but well worth the trouble.. The laynoise potato Are out of this world served with tasty caramelized onions on top. If I ever ordered a steak I would definitely get the onions on top of it.. A great bread basket is served , with five different breads. The gratin cauliflower was good.. I will defiantly be back soon.
Went to Joe s with my financee. Hands down it is one the best restaurants I ve been in Vegas. Every thing was perfect. Ordered the surf n  turf: petite filet mignon and brolied lobster tail, with a side of baked sweet potato. I felt like a king after eating that :) . . As an appetizer, we had some stone crab claws. I have to say, the stone crab, although tasty and highly publicized, was not the best part of dinner. The filet mignon was perfectly cooked. The lobster was delicious. . . For dessert you can order half slices so we had the key lime and havana pie.. . The whole experience made me a fan of this place!
I used to go to Joes fairly often but the last few years I haven't been at all since a few weeks ago where I had dinner with my Girlfriend and another couple and everything was superior.  My Girlfriend and I have pretty much been to every high end steakhouse in town Joe's is here new favorite spot!  The bone-in Filet started at Joe's and is the still the best @ Joe's. We had a shrimp cocktail that was great. All the sides are great, all the pies and desserts are great, especially the banana cream pie!  Also, for what we got the prices are fairly reasonable compared to comparable places like the palm or Morton's---They do get you on the shellfish but that is common!  Def give this place a try but make a reservation way ahead of time because it is a fairly small place and usually books up!
we came here for presidents day this year, and wanted to give this place a try for the stone crab, there was all kinds of special prices for presidents day, we got the medium size stone crab for $20 instead of $30 which is great, now the taste of stone crab is good, but we still like King crab of all, and be careful not to get a piece of the stone crabs shell in your mouth, because it's like you got a piece of rock in your mouth when you bite down, They serve the stone crab chilled which I don't like, I like my seafood hot and steamy, so thats the only thing I did not like about it.  and also got the calamari, which was good, crispy and they give you a pretty good size portion for an appetizer. and we also got a big slice of key lime pie for $1 instead of $7 which was a steal, overall the customer service was great, the food was great,  5 stars for everything.
You get what you pay for... remember that in most cases and you will do just fine.. . I had yelped out locations to eat before I came to Las Vegas for my business trip. I don't "do" Vegas usually because the customer service level in that town can be down right offensive if you are not a "high roller" or young person "balling for the weekend" so since I am in the business I tend to stay away from Vegas for those dayum reasons.. . Interior - classy, perfect setting for a business luncheon if you need to make a good impression with your guests. Service was impeccable from the bussers to our server herself "Suzanne" had great recommendations from "go" was on IT from the drop of our beverages to the entrees hitting the table. I ordered the Fish & Chips flaky and light DELICIOUS! Key Lime Pie was just right and hit the spot. They do clear bottles off of tables rather quickly so make sure that when you have filled your pilsner  that you didn't leave anything in it as they are moving so quickly (this happened to me) they just might snatch yours with beer still in it LOL . . They did have flat screen TV's that was on ESPN (grimacing as I am still on hiatus from any sports media tehehehehe) but from what I saw the TV's were only located in the main bar area. There seemed to be seatin in the rear (looked more private) and also a faux "outside" area to sit in like most of the restaurants located at the Forum Shops. Management was nice and was sure to Thank us our way out. WOW! i'm impressed... this restaurant is located in the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace where you would expect the clientale to be expecting IMPECCABLE service, and that is what we received.. . Respectfully Reviewed
I thought about stealing the container of salt from overseas so I could bathe myself in it later that night. I know that doesn't sound appealing, but if you sprinkled that happiness onto your perfectly cooked filet mignon, you'd want to bathe every inch of yourself with it too. Don't believe me? Try it. You won't complain.. . We received a large gift certificate for being frequent diners at Lettuce Entertain You restaurants (see my review of Mon Ami Gabi), so we decided to try Joe's. Since we were starving, and all I could think of was cow and things that crawl on the bottom of the ocean, we dove straight in and ordered entrees...after 2 glasses of wine of course. The red malbec was FANTASTIC and went very well with my cow and sea creatures. My fiance ordered the fisherman's platter, fried, and I ordered the petite filet mignon and jumbo king crab. Our orders were perfection.. . Fried seafood is difficult to make and to cook it well enough to maintain the freshness of the seafood and not the dry, overcooked nature of cheap frozen grocery seafood. Joe's doesn't fry their seafood. They lightly dip scallops, shrimp cod and calamari in an airy batter and then after brushing them through an oil bath they place them ever so delicately on your entree plate. They may as well just pop each piece in your mouth because that's what happens when the plate hits the table. This was not fried seafood, this was seafood done right with a blatant disregard for calories. I didn't even have to eat it to know that the look of content on my fiance's face had nothing to do with me.. . Now onto the filet. Oh that filet. I love rare cow. If I am at a steakhouse, I will order the steak rare to see if they are truly a steakhouse. Oh yes, my friends, this is a steak house...more like a steak heaven. This petite filet was cooked PERFECTLY. No chewiness here, just soft, tender filet mignon drizzled in the salt mix (please see first paragraph for further loving of the salt mix). Even the waiter was doing a side glance of my cow, knowing that my senses were on overload. The crab? There's a reason they're known for snow crab, but their king crab made me want to do the Snoopy dance in the middle of the restaurant. No butter needed, absolutely no butter needed for this crab...but I did use some anyways because I can never decline butter. The crab was juicy, they cracked the crab for you so you didn't have to cut your hands open doing it yourself, and it melted in my mouth. That dinner was worth every penny we spent and then some. The service, hands down some of the best service I have ever received at a restaurant. Superb.. . So while you go and go bananas on some crab legs and filet at Joe's now, I will go to bed and have sweet, sweet dreams of cow and crab. This can only end deliciously.
I took my fiance here for his birthday lunch and both of us left Joe's very satisfied. We each ordered their Joe's Classic (5 stone crab claws, hash browns, coleslaw, and key lime pie), delicious shrimp and scallop ceviche, 1/2 dozen oysters which were too small for my preference. I had a grapefruit margarita and let me tell you, the best margarita ever!!! Their bloody mary is yummy too, but don't order it if you have high blood pressure- sodium overload..hello.... . P.S. . If you ever want to eat here, make sure to make a reservation because this place is always busy.
Went to vegas last week and stayed at caesars palace for st pattys day/march madness...I have to say...when I won 6g s on that saturday from march madness the first place that came into mind was Joe's seafood....ive been here before and the food is TOP NOTCH!! I am talking about their steak and lobster!! It's a must order!! And on top of that they give you this bread basket with all sorts of different breads but filet and lobster tails is a must....YOU GET TWO LOBSTER TAILS!!! NOT ONE!!! BUT TWO!!! good service...guy in the front who sits you down awesome dude from Chicago with funny stories...overall atmosphere was good like always....also ordered the mac n cheese....best damn mac n cheese i have had for a minute!....if your in vegas and looking for a good all around steak/lobster dinner....this is the place to go!! if you give them anything less then 5* you're  just a hater!!!
Joe's is absolutely amazing.  My husband has been several times to the locations in Florida.  He was so excited to see it here on the West Coast.  We ordered so much food - crab claws, lobster bisque, salmon and scallops!  Oh and of course oysters!!!  And if that weren't enough, we each had a slice of their key lime pie!  Hands down the best I've ever had!  I wish they would bring one out to Cali!
I think I have only given 5 Stars twice before. The meal my wife and I had here last night was outstanding. From the waitstaff in black tie, to the classiness of the decor, everything was 5 star. The crab claws were sweet and flavorful. The filet, lobster and crab cakes were wonderful. The broccolini with garlic was amazing. My wife had the Chilean Sea Bass, which melted on the tongue. And the pies! We had the Cuban and Peanut Butter. Both were fantastic. Get them by the half slice. It is plenty. Really, nothing could have been improved upon. That is not generally easy to say. Need to go back and try all the other amazing items I saw on the menu.
I can't even begin to describe how amazing the stone crab is at Joe's!. . We started off with oysters, then went with the select stone crab, fried asparagus, jennie's mashed potatoes and of course finished with the key lime pie.. . Additionally, our server Thomas made the experience that much more enjoyable.. . If I had to choose a last meal, this would be it. . . Planning my next Vegas trip just to revisit Joe's!
I had the Filet Mignon and that steak was fantastic, as I was eating it, I was wishing it would never end!  Just terrific.  The Key Lime pie is also good, if that's your sort of thing.
This is as good as food gets. The bone in filet is the best piece of meat I've ever tasted. The Lyonais is a perfect companion to the steak. The king crab is the best. The banana cream foster pie is unreal.
So I've been here twice, for two very different meals, and both times service was just amazing. . . One night was a far more extravagant night- claws, cakes, pies, wine, scallops, steak, fish, sides... Big bill obviously got us greats service. (oh, an the food was excellent! I LOVE crab and those claws are worth the price. I had been skeptical, but it's true).. . But the other time, we were being more light and frugal: 3 of us shared 2 meals- one was a sandwich from the bar menu. I ordered the mac and cheese b/c, c'mon, that's what I do. The server, halfway through us eating the M&C came back and said that it was a new mac on the menu and he didn't think that the kitchen had gotten ours right-enough, and he was bringing us a new one to try (!!! two mac and cheeses for me!). And on Open Table I had mentioned that we had a b'day in the group, and they took that seriously. Everyone told her happy birthday, and she got a brownie sundae for dessert. It was so nice to feel that appreciated when we clearly weren't big spenders that night.
This is one of those overdue reviews, my first time here was for a Pharmaceutical Rep dinner back in the days when it was still aloud, they were kind enough to serve the medium crab, this was delicious, I appreciate that the claws came out cracked already so it makes foran easy access to the meat. . . Lately I have been coming here for lunch, they have an amazing lunch menu, and my favorite is the Chopped Seafood Salad that has shrimp, lobster and Alaskan king crab. The dressing is amazing, not heavy at all. For $16.95 you really can't beat this! Oh and the bread basket, SO GOOD! I love the cracker with everything on it, my friend and I usually fight over it.. . For cocktails, if you feel like drinking a days calories in liquid form, you have to try the Key Lime Martini, it has a graham cracker crusted rim and is made with the same ingredients they make the actual key lime pies. It's amazing. My other favorite is the French 75, served in a champagne flute, Bombay Saphire Gin, Prosecco, fresh lemon juice. . . Lastly, the famous Key Lime Pie for dessert, if you haven't filled up on the martini's, this is a must!. . Make a reservation to sit out in the front area so you can people watch.
This has been my go to location for scallops and to date NO ONE comes close to Joe's..NO ONE!. . I remember the first time I found Joe's was really just random and from the scallops to their filet mignon special they have on occasion that the wife adores we have never had a sour meal here.. . This time the host definitely went well out of his way to ensure we had an amazing meal and in the end he was handsomely rewarded for it which I told my wife was probably way out of the ordinary, but good deeds need to go rewarded..We were initially sat at a table that made us a bit uncomfortable due to the high seat and our small frames and from observation he took it upon himself to move us to a table which seemingly caused chaos amongst the wait staff..In the end it worked out and we had a very enjoyed meal.. . I also have to recommend for dessert to have a slice of banana cream piewhich they somehow turn into a banana foster pie..It has been my hands down favorite each outing and on a whim I even called which shocked me to find out the pie is even out there for purchase..I can honestly say give me a Vegas celebration in the near future and I'll follow through with that one! Oh Joe you tempt me so!. . If you are looking for top notch seafood in Vegas look no further then Joe's..I think next time I'll give the stone crab a shot just to say I FINALLY did it (sorry scallops)..=OP
I admittedly picked this restaurant solely on the numerous, positive Yelp reviews, but went with a skeptical eye -- good steak in Vegas?. . Just outside an indoor fountain at Caesar's Palace that houses a Gelato shop, the restaurant looked great and elegant on the outside. We were seated immediately outside and ordered many appetizers, Single Malts (alcoholic drink), and main dishes.. . The waitress was cheery and recommended a seafood appetizer sampler that contained oysters, King Crab legs, and Rock Crab legs. The oysters were very tiny, but the King Crab legs were absolutely delicious!. . For the main courses, most of us tried the waitress-recommended Bone-in Rib Eye. Comparing it to the steaks we had at Mesa Grill (Caesar's Palace) and Bouchon (Venetian), this was our absolute favorite steak of the week-long trip! Bouchon, by the way, isn't recommended by us for steak.. . This restaurant was on my mind all week-long despite other good places we went to, such as SambaSushi (Palazzo) and Pho Kim Loan (Chinatown).. . Come here for the Bone-in Rib Eye steak and the King Crab legs!
This is my favorite restaurant of all time. I love the stone crab and bone-in ribeye. The mustard sauce is DELICIOUS. Every time I go to Vegas I come here. Sweet Corn is amazing. Get the Peppermint Ice Cream or Key-Lime Pie. Don't ask any questions just go to Joe's and order a crapload of stone crab, a ribeye, sweet corn, and finish off with the ice cream. It's super pricey but it is totally worth it. You will never view steaks or crab the same. . . The service is amazing.
WOW!!! I have never had crab legs as good as these.  HUGE and succulent.  I was a bit apprehensive about it at first.  I was getting it mixed up with Joe's Crab Shack chain, but it is a great restaurant.  . . Def get the Snow Crab legs, Rock Crab and the Key Lime Pie!!!
The stone crabs, I don't have much to speak about these.  Nothing special at all even though it on the name.. . The jumbo alaskan king crab legs on the other hand, fell off the shell and melted in my mouth.  Eating at buffets in vegas with these is no match compared to a single order of these pre-cracked and ready to eat.  You haven't had crab legs until you get some of these.. . Lastly I closed out with a bone-in filet, the original they call it.  It was a thick piece of meat, so that meant the center was nice and rare, just the way I like it.  It was nice, tender and juicy, until I got to certain portions which were a bit to chewy because of some tendons.
Best seafood in the city! Love it here! I haven't had anything that has been bad from here. My husband and I have been here quite a few times. Last time we had the fisherman's platter and rib-eye steak. Both were fantastic! The fried scallops and fried shrimp were amazing with the dipping sauce they give. The only thing that irritated me was the fact the waiter wasn't paying attention to our drinks. I like for a waiter to notice when I finish my drink so I can get another one. I guess it was a busy night so he was running around. However, he gave us two free desserts at the end. One was chocolate cake and the other was the key lime pie. The chocolate fudge cake was a bit too rich for me but the key lime pie was AMAZING! This is definitely a place to visit when you are in Vegas!
Worth. Every. Penny.  I think the aioli overpowers the crab but to each their own.  The asparagus was perfectly cooked and mac & cheese was awesome.  Try the heirloom tomato salad and/or ceviche to start, SO FRESH!
An amazing meal at a really nice resturant.  My gf and I decided to have a nice meal on the strip and found Joe's.  We has stone crab, steak, oysters, and wine.  It was fantastic.  The bone in ribeye was the best steak I have ever had.  She said thr same thing about the filet.  I could not recommend this place more, and plan on going back when I am back in vegas
I have passed this restaurant on every visit to the Forum Shoppes.  Never thought once to eat there, as I have never been a fan of eating in the mall.  After reading all of the positive comments from fellow Yelpers and on Opentable, I finally decided to give it a shot.  . . The host/maitre'd was such a friendly fellow that made you feel so welcomed.  He is perfect for his position.  He welcomed us in and offered us an inside seat or an outside seat - we chose inside, as I was  not into watching all of the shoppers on the outside.  Cozy setting on the inside.  . . Was I wrong about this place.  It was so freakin' good.  The first offer you 5 different kinds of breads - who would think a place like this  makes their own breads?!  There was a ciabatta, lavosh, olive bread, pretzel roll and a dinner roll.  I was impressed.  . . We had to try the Stone Crab - pricey - $10 a crab, we had the large size - server's recommendation.  You can order as many as you want.  Don't have to go by what's printed on the menu.  She said it fell off the shell better.  It was really tasty and the mustard sauce was really good.  I am not a saucey person, but it certainly complemented the crab.  . . We had the Manhattan Clam Chowder and the Caesar Salad next.  Both were also very good.  Ihad the salmon next and it was outstanding.  It was a special of the day.  It was cooked to perfection.  . . The best part of the meal was dessert - the blueberry pie with vanilla ice cream was soooo good.  You can order a 1/2 slice of pie - my recommendation.  But the best dessert was the Peppermint Ice Cream with the Hot Fudge.  Hot Dang!!!!  This was the best ever.....  This hit the spot and made this my favorite place to dine.  . . Service was very attentive.  Waters and Lemonade always filled.  Dirty dishes removed promptly and the server was nice and friendly.  I am so happy I finally tried this place out.  It took me long enough, but I will be going back again.
Best steak I have ever had by far!  The crab claws were incredible!  We sat at the bar and the service was great and the bartender was very friendly.  I WILL be going back next time I'm in Vegas!  You won't be disappointed!
King Crab Legs, Aged Ribeye, Ceviche, and any sides.  The Gin and Tonic is great too.  I could do this every night.  We spend about $100 a head every time we go but it's AWESOME!!!. . Note: If you are used to the key lime pie in Key West then skip it here.  Otherwise have at it.
Score a reservation for Mother's Day at this great restaurant. Our party of 5 was seated about 10 minutes after we arrived. The server was knowledgeable, friendly, and appeared to genuinely enjoy working at Joe's.. . We started off the night with the special Stone Crab Claws. These are the famous claws from Florida that are harvested from the crabs without killing them. I saw an episode of Man Vs Food and put it on list of things to try if I was ever in Miami. Just think how excited I was when I learned that this restaurant was started by the owners of the Miami restaurant.. . Back to the claws, one word - AMAZING -. Being Filipino, I have been exposed to some awesome seafood. The combination of salt water and sweet crab meat was incredible. Each of us has two claws each. I could have had more, but the meal had just started.. . For my entree, I ordered the bone in Rib Eye "Oscar Style". Oscar style is when you add crab meat, steamed asparagus, and hollandaise sauce on top of your meal. The steak was cooked to order (Medium Rare) and the "Oscar Style" topped off the meal excellently.. . Whenever I come back to Las Vegas, I will definitely stop by and have another meal at Joe's.
my husband brought me here for a surprise birthday dinner, dragged me around caesar's without telling me where we were going until we finally found the restaurant tucked in the corner of the mall.. .  you can choose from a series of sizes of crab, we went with the premium or middle-large size of crab. . . i've never had stone crab before but it is just the most sweet buttery delicious crab in the world, without any sense of brininess to weigh it down. it is simply heavenly. . . the steamed arms are brought out cold and cracked with big full pieces of crab meat in each joint of the arm served with a bit of mustard dipping sauce... no need for any sauce just take the crab flavor straight as is, it is just beautiful.. . and just so you know stone crab are protected and only one limb is harvested at a time so that they can keep one arm to survive... and this does not kill the crab and their arm grows back with time. for you eco geeks out there that means that it is a sustainable food and good for the survival of the stone crab.. . i cannot wait to go to florida to try it again near the source, one can only imagine how much better it can be!. . as far as joe's of las vegas, there are two areas, more formal dining in the back and casual patio front both areas with the same menu.  we had reservations and were seated in the back room...it was very traditional and formal, all beautiful wood paneling and ultra lush carpeting and cushy seats...a tad too stuffy for my liking but i tend to enjoy more casual friendlier service and my dirty dives. we ordered prime rib along with the stone crab everything was delicious, service impeccable.  . . joe's also delivers stone crab from florida you can go to their website to place an order. we received a gift set a few months after my first experience and it was excellent as well!
The stone crabs were tasty but a lot of work to get meat even though they were cracked. The mustard sauce is like crack.. I wanted more! The ahi tuna steak was cooked perfectly rare. The wine and the service were unbelievable.. . It's definitely a hefty price but everything was delicious and filling. The banana pie was delish!
Absolutely amazing.  All six entrees were cooked to perfection, including bacon wrapped scallops, petite filets, crap cakes, and crusted-halibut.  Service was perfect.  This was a great dining experience!!
The sea bass was amazing! Melt in your mouth good. We had the Julie potatoes and the creamed spinach as sides. Also both really good. The service was some of the best I've had. If you in Vegas you deserve to treat yourself to this. Life is too short not to.
We loved the restaurant so much that we went back again 2 days later with having reserved the same table. The food was outstanding . The best steak and stone crab.Our server the second time was Rob and he was amazing.mWe went about 3 years ago, and that's why I made a reswrvation in advance. Can hardly wait to go again!!!   Sylvia B
I love the main dining room!  Everything from the food to the service to the atmosphere, all A+!. We are locals and we notice that we are treated very well, almost like the staff is happy to see us.  Whenever we come, I make a reservation and they keep "our" table open for us.  Tip: They have large, horseshoe shaped booths in the corners - I like them because they're more intimate and you can still people watch.. The scallops are literally the best I've ever tasted.  So delicious.  You have to try the stone crab of course.  We get ours steamed because I'm not as keen on the cold version (the standard way they are served).. We have never been disappointed in anything - keep up the good work Joe's!
Still LOVE this place! . . A must stop anytime I'm in Vegas. This time I visited for Lunch and went with their Joe's Classic w/ Stone Crabs. A yummy 3- course meal that comes with 5 large Stone Crab Claws, Hashed Brown Potatoes and a slice of Key Lime Pie all for $26! . Crab Claws- 5 large pre-cracked Stone Crab Claws, sweet and tender meat conveniently pre-cracked for your dining ease :). Hashed Brown Potatoes- a large serving of their delicious hashed/smashed potatoes with a wonderfully crispy outer crust. (It came with a meal for one, but is definitely enough for 2-3 people!). Key Lime Pie- YUM-MY!!! I've never had Key Lime Pie, but now...I'm a FAN!! Cool and creamy, tangy and tart with my favorite graham cracker crust. This pie made me :). While we had more than enough food, the Sweet Potato Fries sounded good so we added an order of those as well. A HUGE plate of crispy fries topped with a cinnamon/salt mixture. A nice sweet and salty combo!. . Our server was super sweet. Food came out quickly, she checked on us regularly and drinks stayed full. . . I'll be back!
Best seafood/steakhouse on the Strip. The Stone Crab bisque is to die for. Had the ribeye and a side of spinach. It literally felt like it melted on my mouth. This place knows how to cook a ribeye. Finished our meal with a key lime pie slice. Sooo amazing! Can't wait to go back.
I have to say if you want seafood - this is the place.  I had a gift certificate so I used it and I was very satisfied. I suggest you try the 2nd mortgage - its a sampler of seafood. Only $21.00 and you get an awesome variety. The prices weren't that bad. Service was excellent.
One of the best seafood joints in Vegas, and most definitely the best on the strip.  We come here for special occasions because it's pricey, but worth it.. . The stone crab is a must, it's sweet and well complimented by the mustard sauce.  Just watch for small bits of shell, that stuff hurts to bite down on!. . The King crab legs which were enormous, and cut for you so you only need a fork for them.  Head and shoulders above the stuff you see on buffets.. . Chilean Sea Bass was fork tender, excellently prepared.. . Scallops are frickin awesome.  I've had both the Joes and the bacon wrapped, both are good but I prefer the Joes since scallops are easily overpowered by something as flavorful as bacon.  Portions on these are generous, one of the better deals on the menu.. . Drinks: love the tonic here, they bring you out the a small bottle of it with your beverage.  Friend had the skinny cosmo recently which was too lime heavy, if you're watching calories just do something with soda water.
Flexible dress code.  Sure they say "business casual" but they are absolutely fine with shorts in the dining room during dinner.  Two thumbs up for this since when we visited (week of July 9th) the temps were 115-116 during the day cooling down to 95-100 in the evenings!. . The drinks are pricey... $15 for a cranberry & Grey Goose... but they're stiff!!!  The food is rather reasonably priced for a rather high end seafood/steak restaurant in Las Vegas.  . . I had the stone crab appetizer, my husband had the Joe's Cole Slaw, we split the 12oz filet and the Big Daddy's Potatoes (not on the menu so I'll describe... they're hashed browns sitting on a bed of caramelized onions then topped with loaded baked potato innards... must must must try!!!).  For dessert I had the Havana Dream Pie (white cake with a custard filling and an uber-thick drizzle of dulce de leche on top... again, a must must must try!!!)  and hubby had the peppermint ice cream with hot fudge. . . Our food total was under $90 which is not expensive for the quantity and quality of food.  It was my birthday so they brought out a complimentary brick of flourless chocolate cake topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream which is then topped with hot fudge.  This was very tasty however since we had each ordered a dessert it was totally too much / OTT and we would have preferred they either comp the dessert I ordered or told me they'd be bringing that out so I would not have ordered something else.   . . Service was excellent... from the bar tender to the waitress to the maitre d.  No complaints whatsoever and we'll certainly be back!
Still one of my favorite restaurants across the country & def in this city.  The one in Miami does not take reservations this one does!   I get almost the same thing every time and every time I'm overjoyed! It never disappoints and the service is impeccable. . . This is a place for sharing, if you are not a sharer maybe not for you.. . If it's your first time or you've been before here's my favorites:. . 1) Stonecrab- remember season is Oct 15- May 15 (2 days before my birthday) so ordering them in this time frame will ensure optimum pleasure.  Anytime else, they are frozen and while still good not GREAT. Joe's mustard sauce is INFAMOUS and amazing but keep in mind it's mayo based so opt for less than more. [see pix]. 2) Roasted Corn- amazing- simple plain with a touch of heat and lime. 3) Creamed Spinach- oh lord this is not on the diet BUT you are eating shellfish so it's kinda ok, ish. 4) Seafood Salad- dressing on the side for me. It's divine. 5) Pretzel roll and or onion and cheese roll oh lordie. 6) potatoes I can do with or without. 7) FRIED CHICKEN- yes I know, my friend is Kosher, this is what he orders, it's damn near amazing, only reason I've ever even tried it. 8) King Crab legs- about the same price as your first born but in the long run cheaper than a kid! [see pix]. 9) dessert- ice cold key lime pie is what they are known for but their Havana one is knock your socks off good too.
My favorite restaurant in Vegas. Excellent service and declicious food. Their seafood salad is to die for! Generous portions of crab meat, shrimp etc. Their stone crab never fails and this time we had their pie for dessert. The server said they make it from scratch every morning, it sure tasted like it! Can't wait to go back. Like previous reviews have mentioned, compared to other super expensive restaurant Joe's beat the quality and price!
Stone crab, seafood salad & peppermint icecream is all I need.. . Ready for stone crabs, seafood salad & peppermint icecream.. . Stone crab! Stone crab! Stone crab! Seafood chop salad, seafood chop salad!  Yum yum
I LOVE this place!!. The service is superb, the waitstaff is attentive but not annoying and the food is fabulous.. . I could go for the bread basket and crab soup alone but the fresh food ( I had excellent fresh sockeye salmon and my companion had halibut) was cooked and served perfectly.. . I had never had fried asparagus but enjoyed it and the rice pilaf with root veggies was very tasty.. . No room for dessert but will return soon.
What an exceptional Restaurant!    I surprise my wife and take her out on a Saturday night.  Unfortunately it was the same weekend that the Billboard awards were in town and there was over a 2 hour wait.  Thomas, the Maitre D', humbly apologized, but there was no way to get us in sooner.  I explained to him that it was our first date night in a long time.  I surprised my wife with a sitter, we recently saw the Stone Crabs on T.V. and really craved it etc...He asked us to wait by the bar and he would see what he could do.We figured we could see some industry people so we went to the bar and waited.  I think I see Carley Rae Jepsen here.  Darn, I have that song now in my head... "Hey I just met you, call me crazy, so here's my number, so call me maybe..."  20mins later, Thomas comes by and says he could seat us and thanked us for the wait.  He knows how it was to get out on a date night and wanted to accommodate us.. . From the start, we were given the VIP treatment.  As our server, Ashley, was placing the napkins on our lap, she noticed I had dark pants.  I usually request a dark napkin, but she immediately said "I'll go and get you a dark napkin" without hesitation.  Knowing and predicting my needs before requesting, sign of great customer service.  Another mark of an exceptional restaurant is that they left my wife and I alone most of the time.  This gave us the opportunity to talk and spend time together without interruption.  This is not to say they were not attentive.  They were more than attentive, but they did it in the background.   They worked as a team.  The person filling our water, the person bringing our bread, the person clearing out table, everyone was exceptional.  They knew exactly what was needed at our table and would rarely need to ask.  I would look down and have a fresh glass of ice tea.  Working as  team to help each other to make sure the client experience was exceptional.. . Obviously we were there for the Stone Crab Claws, but Ashley made a suggestion of their signature table side Cole Slaw.  Cole Slaw?  She said we would not regret it and she would make it personally.  The Stone Crab was obviously amazing.  Sweet, succulent and delectable, with a hint of tang and heat on the back of the palate from their homemade mustard sauce.   When I die, I want heaven to be made of marshmallows, rainbows and Stone Crab Claws from Joe's!  And she was right, I absolutely loved the table side Cole Slaw. . . When the meal was finally over, Ashley comes over to the table and brings over 2 bowls with a hot towel and lemon in each bowl.  She squeezes the lemon on our hands for us and we proceed to clean our hands with the towels.  This was going above and beyond on the service.  As we were done with our dinner and leaving, Thomas asked "Mr. & Mrs. Chan, where you happy with your experience here tonight?"  I explained how it was one of the most exceptional times at a restaurant I've had and would be telling everyone about it.  He handed me his card and thanked us for joining them that night.  . . Needless to say, we've been back a few times, including my 40th birthday dinner.
It's been a long time since I've had a really good, knock off my boots and keep them off!!!, ribeye.  This place really surprised me with the quality of their steak since it's mostly famous for it's stone crab.. . -bone-in ribeye:  Yah, I splurged for the bone and honestly, I don't know if it would've made a difference.  I've noticed with other places that the meat next to the bone is usually a bit more tender than the rest of the steak but it really didn't matter here.  Every piece of meat I ate was just as good as the last.. -dover sole:  This thing was A-MA-ZING!  Cooked perfectly and the brown butter sauce on the side was so decadent.  My only gripe about this dish is that they took the belly, and all the tasty little bones away =(  My little heart cried when the waiter took that platter away ='(((. -swordfish with mint pesto:  This was a special that night and it was overcooked.  My friend really should've sent it back for a new one but she didn't.  The presentation was lovely though.. -creamed spinach:  This was very good.  It had a good spinach flavor and wasn't overloaded with cream.. -Jennie's potaoes:  Honestly, I don't see the draw of this dish.  It was just whipped potatoes and it seemed to have lacked butter and saltin it.. -mac and cheese:  This was okay, loved that they used shells though =d. -oysters on a half shell:  Their shucking skillz weren't too bad.  Only about 3 of the 12 oysters on the plate were stabbed to death and I had some shell shards in 1 of my oysters so that was good.  They were offering French Kisses and Kushis that night.  The Kushis defintely stole the show with a slight sweet buttery taste to them.  They also come with little Tabasco bottles that are uberly cute!  And a migonette, which was nice but a tiny spoon to get the liquid onto the oysters would've been greatly appreciated hah!. -brownie a la mode:  This was a tasty brownie.  I don't normally like brownies but this brownie was amazing mmmmmmmm. . All and all, I would definitely come back here when their stone crabs are in season and splurge all over again =)
Fantastic establishment.. . Start your meal with their stone crab claws. They're the best. Melt in your mouth, butter texture with great flavor. The sauce they serve it with is also excellent.. . Now entrees. Chilean Sea Bass with a miso glaze. SO GOOD. Cooked perfectly to the point where the sauce caramelizes on the fish. Fish texture is great as well.. . Dry aged bone-in rib-eye. Pretty bomb piece of steak. I'd say it is my second favorite next to Nick and Stef's. Comes with a dry seasoning composed of salt, pepper, garlic, and corriander. . . Filet Mignon. I'd stay away from this one. Wasn't that great in my opinion.. . FINISH YOUR MEAL with the Boston Cream Pie. It is SO GOOD. Take my word for it, the main reason I came back was not the crab claws... it was this slice of heaven. Try it. Love it. Thank me. You're welcome.
I have never had a bad meal here.  Always save room for desert as the key lime pie is amazing.. . Crab cakes are top notch along with the ceviche.
This is probobly the fanciest resturant I've ever been to. The was a guy there who sole purpose was to dust the crumbs off your table.. . The stone crab, which I had never tasted before, was to die for! So easy to eat becasue the shell comes to the table cracked and the mustard-like dipping sauce is a nice addition.. . I ordered fish for my main dish, which was nice and tasty, but I wish I'd ordered steak because the taste I had of my boyfriends was delish!. . All the side dishes are served al a cart. Make sure to try the mashed potatoes... HANDS DOWN the most increadable mashed potatoes I've ever eaten! TRUST ME, you wont want to share!. . Bottom line... If you're looking for a nice place to take the family or go on a date this is your spot.
By god this place is good!!  I've been to some off the charts seafood and steak places but WOW this place blew me away!  I came here with a friend and we started off with the ceviche, crab mushrooms and oysters rockafeller and all three were off the charts good.  For the entree we had the rib eye with a baked sweet potato and I swear I could hear my taste  buds singing from joy!  Finally came the key lime pie which was truly the best I have ever had.  To top off the food the service was top notch!  In the end I left with a feeling of euphoria that stayed for hours.  I would totally come back and I would give a serious recommendation for anyone who wants to have a very nice meal while they're in Vegas.  Once again WOW!!
My husband and I favorite restaurant in Vegas. We had a dozen oysters that were sooooo good I wanted a dozen more! But had to save our stomach for the bone in rib eye, stone crab, mac n cheese and Garlic spinach.... Ahhhh Im drooling writing this review... Our waiter was super friendly, very professional with a great sense of humor.  Totally recommend this place to everyone!
The bacon wrapped scallops were to die for. I swear, the scallops literally melted in my mouth. It was so good!. . I also had like three of their bloody marys. The BMs are served with a shrimp and cream cheese stuffed olives...that's why I had like three! lol.. . I also tried the stone crab, OMG that melted in my mouth too!. . The restuarant is nice and fancy. I wore a causal dress with flip flops and didn't feel out of place or anything. Staff is super friendly and the food came out quick! . . Expensive but worth it. Plus you're in Vegas, live it up! :)
Hubby and I dined here this summer on our annual Vegas adventure!  Although they were busy we were able to score a table "outdoors".   Prices reasonable, drinks generous pour and yummy!   Had a seafood feast, everything was cooked perfectly! Waiter was attentive but not overbearing, just the way we like it!
Joe's is one of my favorite stops while in Vegas. It is a must for me. I have been eating at the one in Miami for some time now and I stumbled across it while in Las Vegas many years ago. I can say that I introduced my wife to stone crabs, now one of her favorites. She is French and LOVES shellfish and she was highly impressed. This one actually takes reservations and there isn't a two hour wait like in Miami. What a relief!. . We always start out with salads and a few appetizers. Where we pig out is with plates of stone crabs! Duh! Their service is amazing and also their steaks are very good. Anything you order here is a good choice but stick to what they are known for and you will not be let down. It does get expensive so be careful what you are ordering!. . Their service is top notch and you will not be let down by this place.
In heaven every time I step foot in this restaurant. I can't say enough about Joe's Seafood and I can't think of one entree that I haven't loved! Great lunch menu as well and the seafood salad is to die for!
Had another fabulous lunch here on our recent trip.  Stone crab claws, seafood salad, and fish and chips were fab.  The mac and cheese was some of the best I've ever had.  Service was wonderful.  Love, love, love.
Stone crab season started October 15th and I've already been twice!
We love Joe's Seafood.  We eat there regularly when we go to Las Vegas, and it never disappoints. The crab bisque is exceptional and the second mortgage on the appetizer menu is a great value. Save room for dessert - the pies are worth it. We don't like to dress up in Las Vegas, so we usually eat in the bar at the tables. Most people in there are eating full dinners, so don't be shy if you feel like you are too casually dressed. They are very welcoming in the bar, and we never have to wait or make a reservation.  Valet is free right outside the restaurant.
Beth Danna's pre-event service at Joe's Stone Crab was nothing short of spectacular!  Her responsiveness was incredible.  We had our rehearsal dinner in one of Joe's private rooms and our family was VERY IMPRESSED with not only the food, but the overall service of Joe's Staff. Beth did a great job explaining our options and ensuring all of our requests were handled appropriately.  Thanks to Beth and her staff, the dinner before our Wedding Day was very memorable.  We highly recommned Joe's Stone Crab for special events!
Amazing sea food!  Wow!  I felt my Salmon was cooked with love!  The appetizers were killer, had some kind of stuffed mushrooms!  But the best part was dessert!!!!  Geez, if you ever want to go off your diet and fulfill the craving for sweets, got for the banana cream pie!  AMAZING!  By far the best banana cream pie I have ever eaten.  This is a pricey place, I can't lie.  Although I went on someone elses dime so I had a few glasses of wine!  The service was a little off when we first got there.  We waited about 30 minutes for our table, but sat down at the bar tables to have a pre drink.  It took awhile for them to help us, I figured it was because how busy they were.  Once we sat down we got the servers full attention.  I can't wait to go back!
Whenever I go to Chicago or Vegas, I make a point to eat at Joe's.  They have great steak and seafood, the snow crab and mustard sauce is incredible.  The bone in filet is worth skipping meals to go and eat.  You can't go wrong at Joe's
Incrtedible food & presentation, fantastic service, amazing ambiance... I loved every second of it! Definitely worth the price!
Joe's gets a 5 star for service, price, atmosphere, and food.. . Came here with a group of 4 around 2pm on a Saturday in mid December. We were welcomed in and seated right away.. . The service was great and everything we ordered was very good.. . The steak was cooked perfectly and the sea bass had a delicious miso sauce. The best item was the banana cream pie! Save room for dessert or get one to go! If you normally don't like desserts because you find them too sweet/sugary - this is the dessert for you.. . They are known for their stone crab claws but I probably wouldn't get it again. It is served cold and I prefer my crab warm. . . You can't beat the prices for the quality and type of food and service here in Las Vegas.
My hubby and I celebrated our anniversary here.  We sat inside, and it's a nice, elegant fine dining restaurant.  For starters we had their assorted bread basket - I liked the crispy flat bread the best.  Then we shared the seafood chopped salad with shrimp, lobster, Alaskan king crab - the seafood and salad was served ice cold, it was fresh and delicious.  For my entree, I had the medium stone crab - 7 per order.  The crab is served cold and cracked for you already.  It was fresh and flavorful, but I wished it was served hot - I prefer my crab served hot.  I ate about five pieces of crab and gave two to my hubby.  My hubby had the rib eye 16 oz. steak with a baked potato and we shared a side of skillet fried corn.  He loved his steak - it was flavorful, tender and juicy. We both enjoyed the skillet fried corn - it was so sweet and seasoned perfectly.  For dessert, they brought us Havana dream pie - a custard tres leches cake with fresh whipped cream, dulce de leche sauce with a side of fresh sliced strawberries - OMG this pie is super yummy!  The food was very delicious, and the service was excellent.  We'll definitely dine here again!
Joe's is known for their stone crab claws, which was really good, but the best part of my meal was the boned ribeye steak. Best steak I've ever had
Seafood in Vegas? You can't be serious! Or can you?. . Joe's is top-of-the-line when it comes to both the food and the service. Our waiter was incredibly attentive. He made sure we had everything we ever wanted or desired, didn't hesitate to offer his recommendations, and was candid about the best food on the menu.. . I had the John Dory and it was incredible. My wife had the jumbo lump crabcakes which were flavorful and filling. The pecan-topped sweet potato pie was an incredible way to finish our evening. Delicious!. . We shared an order of stone crab claws and these were easily the highlight of our dining experience. The meat was flavorful and succulent. The accompanying mustard sauce was also superb, not that you need it when eating such fine crab meat.. . Go for dinner and request to sit in the very back. It's intimate and classy. You should eat here.
One of my top places to visit in Vegas..... . The Stone Crabs and the mustard sauce are amazing ....so amazing they deserve a SHAM WOW!!!!. . Well we went with a big group of 9 adults and two kids.... We were seated in the private dining room to the very very back... we had the whole room to ourselves and there was a TV to watch the UCLA get demolished that night..... . Usually we eat at the bar area and this was the first time sitting in the dining room.. . . Service was spot on by the waiter... he gave us some hints at what to was good on the sides for the table and the specials.... . Well I had the Bone in New York strip Med Rare... it came out nice and juicy.... Well worth it and packed with flavor.... They waiter also gave me a seasoning mix that they make if i wanted to season my steak a little more then they had..and instead of using the table salt and pepper... . This seasoning was good... wish I could get the recipe.... . For sides we ordered mushrooms.. they were very good. Lyonnaise potatoes... just like they should be made... I tried to take more them my fair share... The special side was some corn dish... so good we ordered an extra for the table... well worth it..... . OOOHH I forgot my BLT Wedge Salad.... this salad had a nice sweet twist that went well with the salty bacon.... a must try for wedge lovers.. . . And for desert... the waiter steered us clear of several of the items... and said their signature desert was the Key lime pie...made with Key limes shipped in from Florida. . Great choice nice and tart and the graham cracker crust was nice and solid...not soggy like others.... . This place has always been a great place and this experience def made it a 5 star experience!!!
Best place to eat on the Strip!. . I've gone to Joe's several times now and I can safely say that it is the best place to eat on the strip hands down! The restaurant is easy to find, right off the strip. Took a couple of friends here to eat during my last visit to Las Vegas, and the experience yet again was exceptional. Got seated immediately and soon after was introduced to our waitress. Forgot her name but, her hospitality was great! I ordered the stone crab bisque and some crab claws. My friends had the Miso Glazed Seabass and Ribeye Steaks. Everything came out in a timely manner. The food was cooked perfectly and tasted delicious! After our main courses we had some banana cream pie, which was some of the best pie I have ever had in my life!. . The service was great, the food was delicious, and the prices are very fair. Also, what stood out was that everybody in that restaurant seemed like they enjoyed their job and weren't snobby. Which, in my opinion created a comfortable atmosphere. . 5 stars!
I never liked eating crab or lobster because I thought it was too much work, but Joe's has changed EVERYTHING. . . I was so full from the bread basket, oysters, lobster, and stone crabs -- and that was just our appetizers.  We also got the clam chowder, which is tomato based FYI, the seafood salad was a surprising portion and very light.  For my entree, I got the dover's tail special (?).  I might have spelt that wrong but everything was delicious.  So delicious - I didn't have room for dessert which is absolutely ridiculous for me.  Service and food are exceptional -- and it puts quite a dent in your wallet.  Without a doubt worth it.  . . I would definitely come back to Joe's EVERY time I am in Vegas now.  . . Next time though, I'll order dessert FIRST.
I don't drink... (more than one drink at a sitting). I don't gamble.... This was the first time I've been to Vegas since.... well... before I was 21.. . I still didn't gamble and I had TWO drinks at the lounge earlier tonight O_O. . I thought to myself, at first, that Vegas should have decent food right???. . After a couple days of culinary disappointment, I found myself very glad to have Saturday night dinner be at my place of choice.. . The bread basket, though cold, was still enjoyable.. . Appetizer: Crab bisque was delightful; rich, creamy, and filled with chunks of crab.. I was thoroughly satisfied.. . Entree: My 20 oz bone-in rib eye, per James L.'s recommendation, was the piece of culinary delight I had been waiting for since my trip began. I was even lucky enough to have at least two bites of that delicious, creamy steak fat with the crispy edges. I enjoyed the steak so much that I intentionally spilled some steak juices on my shirt so that I could enjoy my steak later that night. . . Tip: Use the salt seasoning that accompanies the steak very conservatively!. Our server offered me a side of bernaise sauce which complimented the steak rather nicely ^_^. . Dessert: Oh mymy.... Key Lime Pie is one of my favorite desserts and Joe's is the best I've ever had!. The perfectly balanced sweet and sour, lime filling was supported by the most perfectly crumbly graham cracker crust.... . I moaned so loud that an older couple turned around in shock/abhorrence;. I guess they did not deem such pleasured moans appropriate within of confines of the restaurant. My server, Darrel, however, was more than thrilled that we enjoyed our meals.. . My friend got the "Havanna Dream" which was Joe's rendition of a Tres Leches cake that was almost as orgasmic as my key lime pie.. . My portion of the bill only added up to about $80ish after tip... :). I was more than happy with what I paid for.. . From this point on, trips to Vegas will never be complete without a proper meal at Joe's.
I absolutely love this place. Great seafood and amazing steaks. Haven't had a bad meal yet. They are really busy all the time so make a reservation if going for dinner.
I love Joe's. I think I come here every time I go to Vegas. The food and service are just awesome. I've tried several things off the menu, but I love their Ribeye, Filet, Salmon and Mahi. For sides, try their asparagus or the garlic spinach.
Fabulous!. . Came here for dinner with an executive from my company.  Called for reservations on a Tuesday and they only had 5pm or 9pm.  I took the 5pm and we were seated right away in a large comfy booth.. . Promptly greeted and ordered drinks.  I ordered a Cosmopolitan. Not overly sweet.  In fact, I switched to Riesling when we ordered.. . We split the salad:. CHOPPED LETTUCE, TOMATO, ONION & BLEU CHEESE- $12 .95. *Good. Nothing special. I think this was a wedge?. STONE CRABS. *My first time having stone crabs.  Delicious and full of flavor.  They serve it with a mustard dipping sauce that is creamy and perfect with the crab.. KING CRAB LEGS. *Fell right out of the shell. Served with melted butter. Again, full of flavor and perfect!. . I almost ordered scallops but our server advised us to their crab and I'm so glad they did!. . We were not rushed after dinner and ordered a few more drinks before making our way to the bar.. . Hopefully next time I will save room for dessert!
Made reservation via Yelp, Open Table. Reservation was for noon but we were there when they opened at 11:30 and they took us in. First time here so our waiter explained the menu and later brought our drinks and an assortment of bread. . . We ordered the stone crab appetizers. Three select size claws. Very good, tasty with lots of meat on it.. . I ordered the colossal lump crab cakes and my gf had the fisherman's platter (shrimp, scallops, calamari and cod).. . We both enjoyed our meals. Service was top notched. We will be back on our next Vegas trip!
Unlike many of the new restaurants cropping up all up and down the Strip, Joe's Stone Crab is a no-frills "our food speaks for itself" type of joint.  Joe's Stone Crab to me is like an favorite pair of old leather gloves you put on in the winter and they just fit so snugly and remind of me of those cold Fall days in Minnesota.  It's one of my all-time favorite steakhouses in Las Vegas.  The food is always on point, and the service is impeccable.  Also, it's very reasonably priced compared to some of the other steak places on the Strip.  The decor to me seems like old-school cigar clubs with dark coloring and rich mohagany.  I could see there maybe being a lounge singer back in the day.  . . They are known for their stone crab claws, which I'm surprisingly not all that into.  I always get the surf and turf with a petite filet and lobster tail and a side of mac n cheese.  I LOVE gourmet mac n cheese and feel that every fancy steakhouse should serve some variation of it.  Everything is always cooked to perfection.  . . I would recommend Joe's Stone Crab to anyone looking for a romantic spot or just to have a really nice dinner.
Made a reservation here for my birthday dinner. Went here for my birthday dinner. Consumed my birthday dinner. Left my birthday dinner in a state of absolute food bliss. . .  For an appetizer we of course did have the infamous stone crab which was everything I hoped it would be. Big chunks of crab that dont even need butter. But This place is far more than its namesake stone crab.  I had one of the best steaks I have ever had that night. It had a nice lightly charred layer on the outside and was buttery and tender on the inside. It makes me sad that I cant have it every time I have a steak. For sides I had there butter nut squash which was a bit to sweet for a side but I was warned by the waiter that most people order it as a dessert. For dessert they made me a wonderful birthday brownie sundae that was amazingly decadent. . . The staff was great. They were friendly and informative. We asked for a nice table that was more secluded when we made our reservation and that is what we got!
We had stone crab appetizer, Alaskan King crab legs, Chilean sea bass and Lyonnaise potatoes. The food was excellent and our server was friendly, efficient and made great suggestions.
You can't go wrong at this place!!!  Everytime in Vegas we are here!  The stone crabs are the best I've ever had! It's a little pricy, but everything in Vegas is. But it is worth it! From the wine to the dessert, never had anything bad here.  Service is also great.  The last time we were here was Superbowl weekend and a lot of very intoxicated people were in the restaurant so the normal relaxing atmosphere wasn't there, but I really didn't care...food was still good.
Ableger von Joe's Stone Crab aus Miami.. Sehr schon mit dunklem Holz in Bistrostyle eingerichtet. Bedienungen anfangs freundlich. aber mit Schwachen im Service. Wir bestellten Cesar Salat der ganz toll war wie er sein muss. Dann kam die groe Stone Crab Platte, bedeute gedunstete und bereits geknackte Scheren der beruhmten Riesenkrabben aus den Florida Keys. Unglaublich frisch und lecker, feines Aroma mit sehr lecker Sauce zum dippen. Ein Geschmackserlebniss ich gebe trotz des nicht besonderen Services funf Sterne.
We dined here the first night we were in Vegas back in April 2012. I wanted crab and that's all that mattered to me. We didn't have reservations but we were seated right away, out on the balcony so we can people watch as well. The waiter was very sweet and catered to our every needs, even with an infant in tow, he treated her like she was an adult. . . They brought out the bread bowl, with assorted breads, all different kinds and all so delicious! We were getting full from just the bread! . . To start, my husband had a glass of red wine and we ordered the oystersrockefeller, they were out of this world! Very filling though! I ordered the colossal crab cakes for my main dish and was surprised it was only two crab cakes, kind of disappointed, but realized after the first bite that it's very filling, all crab meat and not much filler! Just how I like it!!! My side of sweet potatoes and rice was also out of this world! My husband had a french dip sandwich and that was also very delicious! Sweet potato fries were perfectly cooked! . . What a wonderful place to stop in for a great meal! Great service, great ambiance! We'll be stopping by again! Fine dining food without having to necessarily get dressed up!!!
We visited again on our last trip, but this time for lunch, and had an even better experience than the last.  . . John, our Maitre D, was back again and was his usual funny self.  He sat us inside the main dining area, and there was no wait for lunch on a Saturday.  Call ahead if you know you're heading there and he'll set you up.  . . On my last visit, the stone crab claws were a bit disappointing, but we tried them again because it was a first for my friends, and this time, they were delicious.  Sweet, tender, and a better deal if you order the select variety with an order of 6 for $45.  . . Of course I had to get the Alaskan King crab legs, and they did not disappoint.  Lunch prices were $55 for 1 pound as opposed to 1 1/2 pound for $80.  If you want the dinner serving, they're more than happy to give it to you.  . . Our party tried the ahi tuna sandwich, lobster tail tempura, oysters rockefeller, fried asparagus, sweet corn, and hash brown loaf.   All were delicious, except the hash browns.  I thought they were a bit overdone, and too salty.  They are topped with a ton of caramelized onions which at first sounded perfect, but they were way too oily.  That we wouldn't order again.  . . We each finished our lunch with half slices of their pies. The flavors on the table were key lime, chocolate peanut butter, havana dream, and another flavor I can't remember.  If you like key lime, theirs won't disappoint.  But we were in absolute awe of the havana dream.  Our waitress described it as a tres leches pie, and it was amazing.  I even considered taking a whole pie home.  It's that good.  Don't be fooled by the "half" slice.  It's actually a very generous size.
G approved! My food god. This is the best seafood joint around. The crab stone is a must have!!!! Also the seafood fried platter....get it. Wine was great and the service was excellent.. . Yea...can't go wrong at all. Prepare for a nap afterwards!
Our second Restaurant Week meal was at Joe's Seafood, Prime Steaks and Stone Crab. We had six o'clock reservations and we were seated right away. Service was attentive throughout the meal. Frank ordered off the menu, and our friend and I went with the restaurant week menu for $50.13 and we chose the same items: Bowl of Stone Crab Bisque, Chilean Sea Bass with Jennie's Mashed Potatoes and Sauteed Broccolini and Joe's Signature Key Lime Pie..  . We started with bisque and calamari ($14.95). Both were excellent! The bisque was smooth as silk and the veggies had a nice bite. It'd only be better with more crab. Because everything is better with MORE crab. The calamari was tender and lightly breaded, and the cocktail sauce had a satisfying kick from the horseradish. . . After we gobbled that up, the real feast began.We dug into large crab claws ($59.95), seabass with bok choy, mushroom mac n cheese ($9.95), mashed potatoes and sauteed broccolini. It was all delicious! The claws are always out of this world. I generally prefer a hard sear on fish but this miso glaze was wonderful - a pleasant blend of sweet and salty. . . We were already stuffed, but we still had dessert to come. Frank looked over the menu and chose the Peanut Butter Pie with hot fudge ($7.95). That thing was a monster! It was rich, decadent and positively sinful. He could not finish it. We tried to help, but the PB pie won. The key lime pie was light and refreshing. It hit the spot!. . I think I can safely say that Joe's is my favorite chain. They do it right! The Restaurant Week menu provided an opportunity to try something other than crab and the fish was indeed was stellar. The RW three courses were offered at considerable savings too. You save about $25, and $5 goes to Three Square for each meal ordered.
I have been to Morton's, Ruth Chris, Mastro's, Flemings and a few other premier steakhouse chains.  Joe's is always a step above.  As usual, their boneless were flawlessly prepared with perfect flavor, generous sides, and seamless service.  They also provided a birthday
Had a great meal ! Our server ? Abra ? Was great ! Nice breadbasket and cocktail menu; Parmesan crusted flounder was great and the misses had the lobster tempura; salad and sides rounded out a lovely experience !
Tough to fault anything here. The service is perfect, very friendly, professional and not over bearing. We had the Fisherman's Platter. Sooooo good. Table made cole slaw also great.. . If fun to eat great food, have professional service and not feel rushed. Would give more stars if I could.
1st meal @ Joe's was on Christmas Eve 2012 . . Hands down one of the best dining experiences we have had.  The service is topnotch to say the least. . . The meal from start to finish was just wonderful. We had a party of six and everyone at the table loved their meals.  . . 2nd Meal @ Joe's was on the 22nd of March 2013.. . This time around we didn't have reservations but it wasn't a problem getting a table.  The place was very busy... but again... no issues on the seating.  . . Same fantastic service we experienced over Christmas.  The staff go out of their way to provide quality service. . . I had the Alaskan King Crab and Fillet  (AMAZING) and my wife had the giant crab cakes.... she loved them. A couple of sides and desert... wow what a great meal! . . . If you are in Vegas...and you want to have an enjoyable dining experience where the food and service are exceptional... dine at Joe's.. . We will be back soon.. Frank
Fantastic meal everytime. Whenever I go to Vegas, this restaurant is always on my list. Lobster, King Crab, Stone Crab, and Chopped Salad are a must have. You will not regret.
I booked Joe's for a bachelor party dinner, and it was the most amazing meal of my life.  We ended up getting a private dining room and our server, John, took very good care of us.. . I got the 12oz filet, and it was spectacular.  One of the best steaks I've ever had, and at a very reasonable price.  I also had a crab claw, hashed potatoes, creamed spinach, and sweet corn.  All excellent, but definitely try the corn.. . I don'tknow when I will have a chance to make it to Vegas next, but I know that I will always have to plan a dinner for Joe's when I'm there.
I have been interested in Joe's for years but never have made it there until my most recent trip to Vegas.. . We did a late lunch on a Sunday and were presented the lunch menu as it was around 3 pm. I asked about the lunch special that I had read about before, and our server Greta informed us of the two options of tenderloin or king crab legs. We ordered one of each, and I couldn't wait for some claws. Greta told us that there were only jumbos available, $75 for 3 was just too much for me.. . We did the 3 course lunch and it was phenomenal, possibly the best meal I have ever enjoyed! I had the king crab with lyonnaise potatoes and roasted corn. My sweetheart had the tenderloin with the Jennie's special potatoes. The lunches came with pie that we took back to the room but it didn't survive the night unfortunately. The service from Greta and team was right on the money. All this awesome food with a tequila and grapefruit type specialty drink and a soda came in under $70! Can't wait to go back again!!!!!!
Best place to get seafood in Vegas.
The atomsphere and food are amazing here! Old school waiters that put customer service 1st. The bone in Filet Mignon is so tender that you do not need a knife. The wine selection is great. Don't forget to get an order of the Stone Crab.
My husband and I spent the weekend in Las Vegas to celebrate my birthday. I was stressing over which restaurant to go to for my birthday dinner (as there are hundreds to try!) and decided to try Joe's based on some recommendations by coworkers as well as a few Yelp reviews. I have to say I am super pleased with our choice!. . The staff was very friendly and attentive. We ordered the Stone Crab appetizer, which was delicious! I had the petite filet mignon with brocolini and my husband had the Caesar salad with grilled chicken. OMG! The filet melted in my mouth like butter! My husband was slightly annoyed as he went with the salad figuring that I would not eat most of my meal and was a bit miffed that I left him with 1 bite of the steak! The waiter surprised me with a scrumptious looking brownie sundae with a lit candle. The brownie did not disappoint! It was fabulous! The chocolate sauce was rich and warm, the brownie was soft and warm and the vanilla ice cream was the perfect offset to the chocolate.. . All in all, I could not have had a better birthday dinner experience. The food was FABULOUS, the service was great, the atmosphere was nice.......it was a perfect meal! For those worried about the price, we spent $150 total (including tip) for the 2 of us. In addition to the appetizer, steak, entree salad and vegetable side, I had 2 glasses of wine and my husband had a bottled IPA. If we go back to LV anytime soon, we will be going back to Joe's!
I was a 1st timer here in Las Vegas, came for my cousins wedding last weekend.. There was a big group of us and on our 1st night we decided to eat at "Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab". . The food was amazingly great! Despite the bill coming to a grand total of almost $1000 it was well worth every penny!. One person in our group ordered 5 King Crab Legs which were $100 each, myself ordered the Lobster Tail Tempura, which was so yummy! . The service was beyond excellent and our server was great as well, im sure he enjoyed his gratuity!. The next time im in Vegas I will definitely be coming back to this establishment!
Couldn't be better. Enough said!
Love love this restaurant. Is casual enough that u can dress down but still have a feeling of a fine dining food is excellent and the service is outstanding. Crab cake is my fave!!! Can't wait to go back - yes I've been here more than 5x!!
This place was amazing. The food was up to par with the service and their bread was amazing. Reserved early to get a a booth and we were given what we asked. The Drinks were amazing as well. Would love to go back!
I eat at Joe's at least one night when I'm in Vegas.  This remains one of the best steakhouses in the country. The Bone-in Fillet is always great and on this particular night it was exceptionally so.  I want to make special mention of Patrick our server - we always ask for him and his humor and attentiveness makes the night special.  Thanks also to our Maitre D , who accommodated us,  adjusting our reservation at the last minute and ensured we received Patrick as our server on this very busy "Fight Weekend".  If I could give Joe's six stars I would!
I had an amazing time at Joe's. We were seated right away at our reservation time and greeted by our awesome waiter. The staff is very attentive and my date and I never felt neglected. I had the petite filet mignon and crab legs and it was awesome! My date had the ribeye and he loved it. The seasoning that they provide on the side was great on my filet mignon. We ordered the four cheese mac and cheese and the broccolini, both were mouth watering! Overall great experience and excellent food. Would recommend when visiting Las Vegas!
This place  is great.. Great steaks seafood as well desserts. . Try the seafood salad for lighter meal ...excellent. . Great value for the money
Been here several times... Awesome place for lunch and I should add omg the hash potatoes ...
I love this restaurant.  The food is always good and they serve a very generous martini!  It's pricey, but worth it.  The menu has something for everyone, and that makes it hard to decide what to order!  I had the lobster and filet my last visit and it was delicious.  Can't wait to go back!
I would pay a kings ransom for those stone crab claws. The sauce is addicting. I had the fried chicken and it was awesome. Juicy and crispy. Plus at $21 for a huge plate of pieces, it was worth it. Our steak was awesome too.
LOVE this place. Many times it's hard to justify an expensive night out. Especially if you get subpar food and service. Joe's is worth every penny every time. Great food and great service. . One of my favorite items here is the Madagascar Shrimp. This is a large (and I mean large) grilled shrimp and they have a delicious key lime ailoi sauce. This sauce with the shrimp is heavenly. That is until you try the Stone Crab and Joes 'secret' mustard sauce. This is one of the best combinations ever.. The only thing I would say is make sure you get the 'Stone Crab' and not the 'Rock Crab' they tried to tell us it was the same thing and it's not. Besides that everything else we've tried is also good.. Make sure you call ahead or use open table to get reservations. This place is always packed and that is for a reason. They are one of the best restaurants in the country.
The steak was perfect and I highly recommend the potatoes for sharing. They are so cheesy and delicious you might want them all for yourself though!
This might be the tastiest meal of 2013 for me. The crab was amazing, but it was the steak that stole the show. It's expensive ($100+/person) but was worth it.. . 24 oz. Bone-in Dry Aged Rib Eye . If you don't order a steak, then you are missing out on something I can't quite describe. Life changing? Emotionally fulfilling? Scrumptious? Yeppers.  It was cooked to exactly medium rare. I think this is has to be the best cut there too. . . Rock Crab. It was great. To be honest, I'm not sure if I've ever had bad crab. We got the jumbo 3 piece to share, which was a good option to taste without fully committing your entree to seafood.. . For sides, we had broccolini and lyonnaise. Nothing special with the broccolini, and the lyonnaise was better than I expected. We had so much other food, so we left most of these sides behind.. . Malbec recommended if your informed enough to order a steak.
BOMB.com. . Best stone crab - period.. . Seafood soup is awesome. Clam chowder is reach and creamy. . Oysters on the half are sweet, served with an incredible vinegar dipping sauce.. . Salads are large portioned and well dressed.
For my last couple of trips to Vegas, I've always had Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab on my list to visit, but it would somehow always get forgotten about.  Because a lot of my friends have tried it and have had said nothing but great things about their Stone Crab Claws, I totally made it a priority to dine there during my last trip.. . I stopped over for lunch right when it opened and was the first to get seated on their patio.  The waiter mentioned to me that they had all sizes of the Stone Crab Claws available so that was good to hear.  Basically you somewhat get the same amount of meat no matter what size you choose. But the main difference is the bigger the claw size, the easier it is to  remove the cracked shells.  I was really tempted to get their Colossal Claw, but it was a little out of my price range so I went with the Large Size.. . Large Stone Crab Claws -- http://bit.ly/11duGum. Holy moly those Stone Crab Claws were so good!!!  They had a nice sweet flavor to them and were very moist.  I think what made them even better was their house aioli sauce.  I was in Stone Crab bliss with every bite!. . They also offer you a huge complimentary basket of different breads to go with your meal.  Though the claws alone were well enough for me.. . I'll have to come back here again for another round of Stone Crab Claws, and also try their steaks which I've heard are also really good.  Now I know what I've been missing out on and I'm glad I was finally able to try it!
This was such a wonderful experience...I am not sure where to begin.. . The wine. When your server recommends starting with a bottle of wine, he's not trying to call you lush. He just knows what's best. The wine selection is vast. We split a bottle of some kind of merlot. I am not a wine person and I cannot quite remember what it was called, but I do remember what the label looked like. Point being: the bottle was worth it. Especially since we were at a different restaurant the night before we ended up getting two glasses each and it cost more than the price of that fine bottle.. . The food. I had the oscar-style filet mignon and he had the rib-eye. Mine was so good, he did not get to taste the magical surf and turf on my plate. But, I snuck a taste of the rib-eye and almost cried. I couldn't believe it. It was so yummy. We split the ginormous baked-potato for a side and the peanut butter pie for dessert. The pie was like a Reese's Peanut Butter cup on steroids with whipped cream. ::drool::. . The restaurant itself was like eating at your rich friend's mansion's dining room except with a bunch of strangers. The lighting was dim, but inviting. The walls had pictures of old people and sports teams and boats. I think we had the best seat in the house cuz the table opened up to the whole room, but the booth that we were in was spaced out from the rest of the booths around the room where you actually get to sit next to your honey and have a private, silly conversation. This place was nice and I want to go back again. You know, or go to the one in Chicago.
Love this Place!...We came her for our anniversary, Phenomenal Customer Service!! The Whole Staff was great  and our server Troy was Amazing. Even though the place was really busy we felt well taken care of and comfortable. I asked him what type of wine he recommended, he didn't just pop off the wine specials, but he asked me questions about what I like then recommended the best wine I have ever had. He came back and checked on us at the perfect times (not when we had a mouth full of food or were in deep conversation)  Its very rare to find such great customer service... Thank you Troy for making us feel at home and making great recommendations. We will go back and visit you for sure when we are in town again.
Excellent food, excellent service! . . I came here for lunch with my mom for her birthday and we both enjoyed the whole experience.  Both the service and food were excellent! . . The great service started even before we stepped in the restaurant.  I changed my reservation twice and showed up early, but the host was so nice and made a joke about it and seated us right away.  And our waiter was sooo nice and patient.  Being our first time here, the waiter took his time and patiently answered our questions and recommended what to order.  It took us fooorever to look at the menu and order.  But the waiter was so nice -- he kept checking up on us to make sure we are ready to order without rushing us.. . We ordered family style, 4 large rock crab claws and a seafood chopped salad.  They split the salad without extra charge and made each plate look very nice.  Anyway, on with the food:. . (Actually, before the main dishes: The complimentary bread basket -- so fresh and addicting that I had to control myself from eating too much of it so I have room for the actual meal!). . Rock crab claws:  Wow, I loved it! So fresh, sweet and juicy! I guess this place isn't famous for its claws for nothing! Each claw was huge and had so much meat and I think 2 claws per person is the perfect amount.  And they go perfectly with Joe's mustard sauce. It's so worth the $$! . . Seafood chopped salad:  Delicious salad! All the seafood - lobster, crab, shrimp - in the salad are also sooo fresh and sweet. It was so light yet so satisfying!. . And because we were too full we didn't order dessert, but the waiter surprised us with a complimentary dessert -- brownies and ice cream!  And yes, we made room for dessert and it was a great way to finish a wonderful meal!. . Overall, it was a fantastic experience.  Can't wait to go back again next time I'm in Vegas!
Very good.. wasnt the best steak but the stone crab was very good.service was awesome
Wow! This place was top notch! A friend referred it to me. I am so glad that she did. We had the large stone crab claws, stuffed mushrooms, seafood chopped salad, fish tacos, potatoes lyonaise, fried calamari and everything was so fresh and perfected! The bread basket is awesome too!  I can't wait to go back next time I'm in Vegas. I loved it! Delicious! The special honey mustard sauce for the claws if off the hook!
the 20oz. dry aged ribeye cooked med. rare was so good, they offer the 24oz. as well which I also tried but I think it cooks differently when you ask for it med. rare cause i guess the cut is thicker and with the bone in you would just have to cook it a little more for the flavors of it to come out. (Good tip that I got from my friend Holly) Best sweet potato fries in town, kusshi oysters and jumbo shrimp cocktails are great for starters. Havana dream pies and chocolate fudge pies are always a treat for dessert. the apple pie a la mode's crust is awesome but the apples are usually on the bland side. trust me all the pies are a treat just chose one to your liking. for service, they always greet you with a smile and Linda and Joey are the best servers, they're really awesome, sit with Linda if you want the most sweet and charming British lady and Joey if you want a down to earth no hassle good ol city Joe. I hope this helps. Enjoy!
This is one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas.  I have eaten here on several occasions and I am always extremely happy with the food and service.  On our last visit my husband and I both ordered the special, Alaskan King crag legs and all I have to say is wow!  The crab legs were the biggest I have ever seen in my life and we could not even finish them all.  We also ordered the crab bisque and it is amazing!  I absolutely love this place and will always make an effort to dine here while in Vegas.
I don't think I can eat another Alaskan King Crab Leg unless it is on par with Joe's quality. Seriously, my husband and I had dinner here 2 weeks ago and we are STILL talking about the amazing crab meat. . . My husband started with the Crab Bisque and it was the best Crab Bisque we have ever had.  There were beautiful chunks of crab nestled at the bottom of the bowl as our waiter poured the rich and decadent soup over it.  I started with a half dozen of Oysters on the had shell and it tasted fresh and perfectly briny with a clean finish.  . We also shared the Chopped Salad. It's not your average chopped salad- it is packed full of a variety of fresh veggies and topped with a delicious vinaigrette.  I could have eaten these starters alone and be happy with my meal.  . . But, then the jumbo Alaskan King Crab Legs came to the table.  It was beautiful. It was a bit pricey at $79 but my husband and I were practically moaning after every sweet bite.  And it was huge and so much crab meat. So. Much. I don't think every strip  buffet's crab legs combined can even match the amount that was in the crab we were served.  It was first presented on a beautiful platter and then perfectly cracked open by our server, leaving us perfect thick sweet whole portions of crab meat.  Dip it in some warm clarified butter and you will be speechless.  Speech. Less. . . We also ordered the last order of the "Select" Stone Crabs.  Just because it is in its name, doesn't necessarily mean they will have stone crabs available.  I guess this year's catch has been historically low so we were lucky to get the last batch.  There are also Medium and Large Stone Crabs offered.  The "Select: is the size in between.  These are my husband's favorite. Personally, I thought they were OK.  It has a much more mild flavor.  I'll take the Alaskan King Crab over them any day. . . We then finished our meal with the famous Key Lime Pie.  Key Lime Pie is usually the last thing I would consider when I have other pies to choose from, but since this is something they are known for- we had to try it.  And I am so glad we did- it was delicious! It is so popular that you can find the recipe on line- or better yet you can order it from the original Miami, FL location and have it shipped to right to you.  . . We were extremely happy with our meal from start to finish.  The service was attentive and friendly.  Although the waiters are formally dressed in their black and whites, it is such a comfortable atmosphere while still classy.  Now excuse me, as I reminisce about those decadently delicious crab legs and save my pennies so I can return.  Because it is worth it.  Oh so worth it!. . . *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 55/100*
Joe's offers good value for the meals they serve. Prices are fair, portions are generous, and the atmosphere is fun without being too loud. The two of us have dinner at Joe's on each of our Vegas trips. This is at least our 10th time dining there and we have yet to be disappointed. We had an 8PM reservation and were seated by 8:05. Service was prompt and friendly, as usual. Bread basket is delivered to the table before any food orders are placed.. . We each ordered shrimp cocktail as an appetizer. It was very good. The cocktail sauce has a dollop of horseradish which gives it more than the usual kick. My wife had the Copper River Sockeye Salmon special. Salmon was cooked as she requested and she rated the dish as excellent. . . My favorite dish has always been the Parmesan Crusted Halibut with lemon butter sauce. The dish has been changed on the menu but our server told me he could have the halibut prepared as it was previously. The dish was as I remembered and was also excellent. We will continue to make this a must stop on our next trip in October.
We try to go to Joe's whenever we go to Las Vegas. We know that we won't be disappointed! We shared the side dishes. They even let us have half orders of each thing so that we could try more things. We loved the potatoes and the grilled corn!. Everyone at our table loved what they had!
love the seafood and it is so increadable
Absolutely amazing restaurant. Everything from the greeting, to the service, and especially the food is awesome. We thoroughly enjoyed our dining at Joes. It will be a must when we return to Las Vegas.
My all time favorite restaurant. Amazing every time without fail. . Manhattan Chowder 5 stars, light broth filled with a lot of delicious clams. Grilled tomatoes, 5 stars, by far my favorite side dish. Florida stone crab claws, My mouth is watering just thinking about them!
Fantastic food. The filet was tender and cooked perfectly. To-die for mac-n-cheese and the roasted corn side dish was delightfully unexpected. Save room for dessert-the peanut butter pie was awesome (you can even order half slices)! For such an amazing meal I was also surprised at the reasonable prices-will definitely return!
Food was excellent and the service was terrific!
We ate here for my birthday weekend and had a great experience. The service was perfect and food was great! The creamed spinach was out of this world. I'm pretty sure it has 4000 calories per serving but it was sooo worth it! We had the crab and some oysters that were amazing as well. Recommend!!
Get the Second Mortgage..it is worth it!. I've been going here for years and I just LOVE this restaurant. I love the fresh seafood, the stone crabs (duh), Madagascar shrimp, and the special Joe's seafood sauce! I have not found something on their menu that I didn't like. If you love seafood and you're willing to spend a little more moolah, then this is your place!
The Alaskan King Crab Legs might be my favorite dish ever!  And that's saying a lot.  It's simple, yet divine. It's one of our "must stops" when we hit Vegas.
After coming up in the casino, my boyfriend and I decided to binge on a nice dinner. Joe's had great Yelp reviews, so we decided to try it and boy am I glad we did!. . Initially, I wasn't so sure as it was a bit dark and the entrance is inside Ceasars shopping area, but once your inside and begin to order, WOW!. . Our waitress was amazing - she recommended all the best items beginning with the cucumber martini (AMAZING DRINK, like HEAVEN with seafood, just like she said and it got me tipsy) and my BF, being a whiskey man, ordered an extremely aged whiskey which he said was unbelievable. Started out with the 2nd Mortage featuring a little bit of everything ( their famous Alaskan King Crab, Jumbo Shrimp, Lobster Cocktail, Shrimp & Scallop Ceviche) - holy moly, SO worth the money!!! They are known for their crab for a reason- I could have had a giant plate of that alone and be satisfied! Glad I didn't tho.... . We also got Oysters Rockefeller which may be the BEST Oysters I have ever had. . And for the main course, Surf N' Turf! So far, we are drunk, stuffed, and in HEAVEN!. . Waitress is still very attentive and although we are so full, my sweet tooth could not pass up the dessert menu. The waitress was kind enough to offer a half slice of their home-made chocolate fudge pie. NO GOOD! Literally could not stop eating. . . Absolutely recommend this place as a fine dining establishment in Las Vegas and will certainly be back for more :)
I wanted to surprise my husband for our anniversary and decide to take him here. When we checked in they couldn't find our reservation which scared me thinking our night is ruined already but they still honored our reservation and had us seated within minutes. Troy, our server, told us their special which was intimidating at first but he was very patient and gave us plenty of time. . . We started our dinner with Crab Bisque which was warm and creamy. Then we had the seafood chopped salad it had good amount of shrimp, lobster and the king crab. The dressing was perfect and the greens were fresh and crunchy and with the cherry tomatoes it was so sweet. Hard to describe you just have to try it. For our course my husband had a filet mignon (medium) and I had the stone crabs and our sides were Jennie's mash potato, sweet grilled corn and grilled asparagus. Troy was great and recommended that we get our side as half instead of the full since there's only 2 of us sharing. The steak was soft and mouth watering seems like the meat just melts in your mouth. The stone crab is fresh because you can taste the sweet meat. And their sides so yummy. For our desert we had the key lime pie and the Havana dream pie. We liked the Havana better. It's hard to describe what a wonderful experience we had you just have to try it for yourself. Oh yeah and they gave us complimentary champaign for our anniversary. Love this place and will definitely come back!
I have lived in Las Vegas for almost 10 years and Joe's Stone Crab is still at the top of my list! I have been to Joe's numerous times, special dates, birthdays, girls day out, or just to have some really tasty food! . . Food pros: The food is delicious, fresh, perfectly prepared, hot, and filled with flavor every time! I love going during lunch for their specials. Entree, two sides and dessert! What more could you ask for? I am OBSESSED with their roasted corn side dish. It is my favorite thing on the menu. I have to have it every time I go. The lyonnaise potatoes are also at the top of my list for sides. Crispy hot potatoes with sweet savory caramelized onions on the bottom, yummmmyy!! Their crab legs are always amazing and fresh. I appreciate them being cut already. The dipping sauce is tasty and a perfect compliment. Their filet mignon is bursting with true beef flavor and always a perfect medium rare. They have the best bread bowl. The pretzel bread is my fave. I know they have a huge menu, but I always come back for the same amazing dishes every time. . . Food cons: None! . . Service: The service is beyond impeccable each and every time! I don't know if they have a special training just for their servers but you can't find better service anywhere. I wish I could remember his name, possibly matt or mark. But he was the best server I've had in my dining experiences at any restaurant. Fast but not too fast, attentive but not overbearing, professional but fun, and extremely accommodating. My mom and I love the pretzel bread in the bread bowl. We asked if we could have more. So he brought back another bread bowl filled with just pretzel bread! Plus a yummy mustard sauce. . . I will continue to dine at Joe's as long as I live in Las Vegas. It will be the first place I recommend to friends in town and the first place I take anyone for a delicious meal. My friend is trying to overcome her shellfish allergy. When she is cleared by her doctor I am taking her here to celebrate!
All I can say is YUM!!!! Service was great also.
The Server was great in directing us to order great selections to share family style.  Fresh crab legs were the best ever, as well as Chilean Sea Bass, chopped salad, potatoes, and rib eye and Raumbauer Chardonnay.  Perfect dinner.  Several years ago had dinner in the Miami original location.  Same great service from professional staff and outstanding food!
If you've never tried stone crab, you have to try this place! Everyone at our table shared the stone crab and one other dish, but if I were to go back, I would just get the stone crab. It was so delicious! They precrack the claws for you so you peel off the shell like you're peeling a boiled egg, making this one of the most effortless crab eating experiences I have ever had. They cooked the crab perfectly and the meat was sweet and delicious. Add some butter to that and talk about a great meal! The second dish we got was the fishermans platter, I wasn't super impressed with it, especially in comparison to the crab. But my brother and sister shared the stuffed sol with lobster tail and they were raving about it. My dad ordered oysters, and usually he'll share at least one with me because he knows how much I love them, but not this time. He devoured them in seconds! I looked over and they were all gone!!! . . We also ordered some sides, and all of them were great. If I had to choose just one, my absolute favorite would be the mashed potatoes. They come out with a nice crust of cheese crisps and bread crumbs. I could have eaten just that for dinner, it was so good! We also really enjoyed the broccollini, nothing too fancy but cooked perfectly with just the right amount of seasoning. . . Our waiter was also really great. He made the dining experience so much better by offering suggestions and being really attentive. Everyone at our table kept on talking about how great he was. . . Next time in Vegas, I will be back, without a doubt. Probably multiple times!
Great food, excellent service and we will go back.
The service is top-notch. My fiance and I went here for lunch. We always want to try a variety of things, but luckily, the server was nice and told us we were planning to order way too much! He was right because we got really full off his recommendations. We ordered the lunch special which had king crab legs, a side of potatoes, and a side of corn. I can't remember the exact name, but the corn was sooo tasty. The sides were plenty for us to share. We ordered the medium stone crabs, too. It was our first time trying that but I think I prefer king crab legs. Ohh.. the lunch special included dessert for each of us, too. Even though we were full, the server insisted we at least try a small piece of the desserts. We ended up spending much less than we figured we would (and we were plenty full) which is a plus!
From my boodly mary to the soft shell crabs Joe's is really good! I wish I had more like 2 or 3 times to eat there when I was in Vegas it was such good food!
This place is $$$$ for sure. Amazing steak!! I've been here twice and impressed both times.
This is one of my favorite restaurants ever!! I have been 3 times now and each was amazing. The service has been consistently wonderful. Servers are attentive and have a sense of humor which is nice, especially in a restaurant that could be too "stuffy" if it wanted to be. The jumbo crab legs are to die for (I combine their mustard sauce and butter for dipping, try it!), the shrimp cocktail contains some of the biggest and best I have ever had, and the corn side dish is a must. I don't even really like corn, but will still find myself craving Joe's sweet corn like I'm pregnant or something!! Go get your crab on at Joe's, you won't be sorry.
Fantastic food and service.
Suzanne and My favorite restaurant in Vegas, especially when stone crab is in season.  The King Crab and Steak and everything else is also awesome!!
I always come to this restaurant bc I think it is worth coming back to evert year!!! Only disappointment is they did not have stone crab my favorite. Maybe next time. The filet is absolutely to die for and I can never pass up the seafood chopped salad which had every kind of vegetable known in the salad. My opinion this salad is the best in the world!!!
Where do I even begin?! I can't say I love this restaurant enough. I've only had the opportunity to eat here three times, and oh my! It is definitely going to be on my to-do list whenever I visit Las Vegas.. . To start off, it's fancy. Don't show up in random clothes. The staff is formal, proper, polite, and extremely informative. They all know what they're talking about and help in every way. I would recommend this place to everyone, however, it's not cheap. You definitely pay for what you get! A good meal, at a good spot, with some great company. Make a reservation, save some time since they can get swamped with people. I ate here on my birthday and they even threw in some dessert no charge!. . At this place, I've had many things but only listing what I can remember:. . Bread: They serve bread once you sit. DON'T over-stuff yourself with it. I know it's beyond yummy but save your appetite, it gets better!. . New England Clam Chowder: I'm not a fan of seafood whatsoever but I don't think this was bad. My bf loves this and orders it all the time. It's a nice portion and fulfilling. . . Caesar Salad: By far one of the best salads I've had. They split it to share if you ask and it's extremely light. The dressing isn't over-powering which I love, and they never drench it either. . . Crab Claws: Personally, I don't like them but that's only cause I don't like seafood too much. Once again, my bf LOVES them. They come with lemon to add onto them and bring you everything you need to eat them. I love how they bring out hot towels once you're done to clean your hands with. Big plus!. . Filet Mignon: Ordered a Medium piece of meat. Wow! SOO good and they cooked it just the way I like it. It wasn't dry at all, very similar to Medium rare, without all the blood oozing out.. . Mashed Potatoes: OMG! This is to die for! I ordered a half order, the portion is quite large with the rest of my meal. They layer them with cheese which gives it a little extra umph!. . Parmesan Crusted Halibut: WIN! I LOVE this dish, everyone should try it. The crisp in each bite is to die for. My favorite thing to get!. . I never know the name, but ladies, if you want some alcohol without it being overpowering and overwhelming, try ordering one of their special martini drinks. I always tell the server that I want their "special peach martini..but I can't think of the name" and they ALWAYS know what I'm talking about. The rim is covered in sugar and it is beyond refreshing and tasty. You can't even tell there's alcohol in there... based on the taste! I always get two when I eat here!. . I cannot wait to visit this place again. It's a must if you're in Vegas!
My favorite place to eat whenever I am in Vegas.  The bar here makes great drinks and the staff is very old school Vegas and classy.  . You have to order the stone crab because the dipping sauce that they use is the best dipping sauce I've ever had with seafood.  The sauce is a mustard type of sauce and goes great with the crab.  The Steaks are fantastic and don't forget to put some of the seasoning on that they bring to the table, it is a mixture of salt pepper and other seasonings.  My favorite side is the Mac & Cheese, WHICH IS THE BEST IN VEGAS!  Don't let the fancy digs fool you, they know how tomake a great classic Mac & Cheese.
Holy crab.. . The Alaskan King Crab was the best crab I've ever had in my life. Pricey, yes, but OMG. Worth it, worth it, worth it. We got an order and a half for our table of eight to share as an appetizer, and it was perfect.. . For my entree, I ordered a petit filet mignon, medium rare. Perfectly cooked and melt-in-your-mouth tender.. . Wine was flowing, so I don't remember what else I sampled, but definitely order the king crab. Your taste buds will be so happy.
Just had the Pacific Stone Crabs and they were Excellent! This place is a must for the seafood lover. Just as good as the one in Miami...Must visit..
Simply the best I've found in Vegas -- great food, friendly and efficient service, fun location -- its a dressy kind of place well worth a 2+ hour dinner. Had the stone crabs, wedge salad, surf and turf (huge lobster) and shared desserts. All were very good to great. I can definitely recommend you go here -- and will hopefully be back soon.
This is one my favorite splurge restaurants. Its pricey... and its worth it!  You must try the stone crab! I gotta say it again, you must try the stone crab! This is their specialty and it does not disappoint! My husband and I went to Joe's about six months ago and had a stuffed lobster special that we are still talking about. We have been back a couple of times since and they haven't had it on the menu. (it was a special) I hope you read these reviews Joes please bring back the stuffed lobster!!!. Having said that, I have never been disappointed at this restaurant. The Alaskan King Crab is so sweet and juicy, bone in fillet was cooked perfectly to order and was so full of flavor. Service is always impeccable!
Amazing!! Had the lobster tail and it was amazing!!! The oysters are the best I have ever had. I would come back just for the oysters. The service was awesome, our waiter (John) was awesome, and the food was totally awesome. In Caesars on the first floor, prob the best hotel/casino in Las Vegas. Now I want to go to the one in Chicago where I live. Great atmosphere. 5 stars for sure!!!! Would recommend this place to anyone who loves seafood.
We were a party of six, and were all in agreement that this restaurant is well managed and has superb tasting food.  They make a wonderful sauce for theiir Stone Crabs which were very fresh, a seafood salad overflowing with fresh seafood, and even their fish and chips was above average.  It is probably a 4$ restaurant and you should dress nicely,  I can't believe I am writing this, but it was worth every penny.
As a person who has never had lobster bisque in his life, married to a woman who is allergic to shellfish, I didn't expect to be ordering a bowl of it and enjoying it so much. I can honestly say this is the best lobster bisque I've ever had! It's also the only, however, so I should clarify that by saying it was very very good, even if it was a poor example of what a lobster bisque should be. . . The wife had fish tacos, which she devoured so I will assume that means they were delicious. I had the fish and chips, which was absolutely excellent. I've had plenty of fish and chips in my life so I've got some frame of reference here. Very very good.. . The absolute crown jewel dish of the night wasn't even a dish at all. It was the tartar sauce that came with the fish and chips. The tartar sauce was without a doubt, far and away, bar none, the best I have ever had. Without question. Absolutely and incredibly delicious.. . The sides we ordered were also very good, the fries and potatoes we got were cooked well and tasted fresh. My only issue was the asparagus. The asparagus itself was good but came out covered in tomatoes which was NOT good at all. This was because of my personal bias against tomatoes in most things. The wife loves tomatoes and ate a few pieces with no issue. Although I expected her to eat more, so perhaps it wasn't so great for her either.
Recommended by a local to eat here and it was a real treat.  Everything we had was great here: the bisque was amazing, the 6 select stone craw crab claws were pricey but delightful, and the fish and chips were the most "real" tasting we have ever had (hearty fish, not over battered).  Cocktails were good too.
An overall AMAZING meal. If a place was ever worthy of 5+ stars, this is it. Located inside the Cesar's forum shops, the restaurant had a great refined setting. Our server was nice and very accommodating to our group of 7 busy girls.. . An absolute must here is the crab claws. ABSOLUTE! We did two orders of the medium claws (7 claws per order at $39 an order). Tasty crab claws itself, the flavor is put over the top when you pair it with their special sauce. . . We tried 3 sides amongst the 7 of us to pair with our entrees and still had leftovers. The side portions are pretty big.. . Sides:. Lyonnaise potatoes: perfect crisp on the outside & great flavor with the onions in the middle. Creamed Spinach: not noteworthy but decent. Sauteed Corn: probably the favorite of the sides. The flavor was really good. I would order this again. . I can't speak on behalf of the other girls' entrees as I didn't try it but the restaurant was kind enough to split any entrees to two plates before it was served to us if anyone was sharing. This made things run a lot smoother & it was much appreciated. . . I split the scallops with a friend as my entree and it was definitely enough for the both of us to be full. Granted we did have a lot of sides & had snacked on the yummy bread basket that was served in the beginning. These are probably some of the best scallops I have ever had. Cooked to perfection! Flavor & texture was great. I highly recommend it. . . Overall: this place was great. A superb meal of fine food.
I absolutely loved this place! . . We went there at lunch time and were really hungry. I ordered a combination of King Crab Legs and my husband had the halibut.. . The sides were the corn with cilantro and lemon on the side (very delicious). The potatoes weren't to my taste but luckily I was really full so didn't eat them. I had lemon cake - delicious!. . Service was FIRST CLASS. My baby is 1 and can't sit in place and the greeter at the front ended up playing with him! I really had a great time. . The bread selection with butter was fabulous as well. I was visiting Vegas and I must say I had a great time here.. . Come here during lunch, the menu is less pricey and the meals are just as great.. Portions were awesome. Location was beautiful inside The Shoppe
Having come here for the stone crab you can imagine my profound disappointment to learn they were sold out of stone crabs (at 8:30 pm). . I had the rock crab claws instead and while they were actually outstanding, they were still noticeably inferior to Joe's stone crabs. . Next time I will be here by 5pm to increase my odds of being able to order the namesake delicacy at (what used to be known as) Joe's Stone Crab.
Crab, shrimp, scallops, oh my, oh my, oh my.... Amazing!. . Headed to Rod Stewart at Caesars so decided to check out reviews to dine at the hotel.  Yelp didn't let me down! . Nice bottle of Cakebread to start then came the shrimp cocktail, I swear they were 6ft long! Jk, but they were huge and served with a lovely horseradish infused cocktail sauce to dip in. . Next came the scallops and my oh my they are off the charts! Don't miss these gems, they are small but full of flavor.  I almost cried when they were gone.. The Caesar salad was delish and next came the Alaskan King Crab Legs! . There was no Krusty Krab here! (SpongeBoB) 1 HUGE leg of the sweetest most tender crab, cracked open table side, and ready for a plunge into the drawn butter.  . Service was superb ask for Darrell; very attentive, kind, and never let our wine or water get low! . . Whether visiting Vegas or you're a local, meander down to the strip and partake in a fine dining experience.
Exc!. Potato crusted grouper!. Sweet corn. Onion rings . And the claws!. You won't go wrong
Excellent! From start to finish, our dinner was top notch.  The service was attentive but not intrusive.  The food was awesome.  We shared a chopped lettuce, tomato, onion and blue cheese salad. I had king crab and filet combo.  My steak was done perfectly.  My husband had a fish called John Dory.  It was a mild white fish in a delicious brown butter sauce.  The butternut squash side dish was also a good choice.  We always try to eat here when we come to LV.
Suzanne and My favorite restaurant in Vegas, especially when stone crab is in season.  The King Crab and Steak and everything else is also awesome!!
Everything was amazing and the service was great! . . It is in an odd location in the Forum so make sure you know where the 1st level is!
My favorite restaurant in vegas the stone crabs are a great app and the filet is awesome. Ask for the fried green tomato side dish
This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas. The crab cakes are to die for. You MUST get them. Also a must are the stone crabs. I don't usually like cold crab but these are succulent. The sauce they serve to dip them in is amazing.
Every year we go to Vegas with friends. Every year they drag me to Joe's for lunch. Every year I slog through it because I'm not a seafood lover and I hate big lunches.. . This year, we went for dinner, and it made all the difference. First, I was HUNGRY! Got a lovely (round) table for 8 in the back on Friday night. Service was impeccable. Friendly, attentive & charming. While everyone else was happily seafooding-out, I ordered the double cut lamb chops with mint chimichurri. "That's a hidden treasure", said our server.  Was she ever right. 3 or 4 big, meaty, double-cut chops. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. Great selection of craft brews (I had a Stone Pale Ale and Ruination ale).. . Nice to have meat/beef options that are truly a delight, and not just an afterthought. They brought dessert for our friends birthday, too. Wonderful. Great food, great atmosphere, great service, worth every penny. Well worth the $100/head.
The best of the best,. . Alaskan king crab and decently priced wine,. . Delicious!!!
Simply a great crab restaurant! I can't. I'm surprised I'm giving them five stars, but they deserve it. We actually went specifically for the stone crab claws, which they were out of :( now I know it's best to call ahead. But they won me back with solid food and great service. The crab bisque was perfect. It was strong and flavorful without being sour or fishy. The crab cakes were the real deal, big tasty lumps of crab meat with just  barely enough bread crumbs to hold them together. Prefect. Our server was charming and commiserated with our disappointment at not finding the stone crabs available. I'll be back, but next time I'll call ahead.
The Stone Crab was very good. I believe I had maybe 5 claws and days later, I want more. Anyways, I ended up with a steak which was very good and juicy. Environment was really great and the waiter was funny and had really good suggestions. Will definitely eat here again and if you've never had Crab before, try the Stone Crab Claws and you'll be very satisfied
I cannot wait to come backto Joes! the place is beautiful and quiet just the way I like it. The servers were very professional and friendly.. they wasted no time greeting us with a smile. We ordered a bottle of wine and within 2 minutes the wine was opened and everyone's glass was filled. . .   They brought out bread bowls with 4-5 different types of WARM bread and that nice soft butter we all love. The best part of the meal were the oysters we got... I am a BIG oyster person and these have to be some of the best I've had on the half shell.. so fresh!!  For dinner most of us ordered the combo lobster tail with a petite filet mmmm one of the best steaks I have ever had! The steak was so so juicy, tender and full of flavor (get medium rare, it's always best) The lobster tail was good not exactly the way I like it cooked but everyone else loved it. This combo plate seemed so small when it came out but once we started eating we realized nobody could finish it and we should have all split our plates.. .    We also got brussel sprouts which were some of the best I've had! In the end they brought out a yummy giant warm brownie for my birthday dessert. Overall the experience was amazing.. The bill came out to about $650 but we all got steak and lobster, oysters, tons of sides and two bottles of wine so not too bad when you look at it that way! can't wait to come back and be a pig again.
Went back with my husband for Christmas Eve dinner. As usual the service and food was exceptional; we're never disappointed!. I love the NY Strip, Jeannie's Potatoes & the sauteed spinach. . If you're visiting Vegas, Do Not miss a meal here; it worth it!
This place changed my life!! I had never had stone crab until I came to Joe's and it is AMAZING!!! The service here is great. Atmosphere is a little dull, but service and food make up for it. They have these onion rolls in the bread basket that are delicious!!! Had fantastic calamari, decent salad and perfectly cooked filet, but next time would only get stone crab! Yum!!!
