I've been here so many times that my "food I've had here list" would exceed Yelp limits, swears.. . Anyways, everything I've had here exceeded expectations but there's always one dish that I tell anyone visiting to get and that's the Garlic Prawns. If you've had it, you know what I mean and if you haven't then you will know what I mean ;) It's a large dish, I say definitely meant to be shared!. . This place also gets my vote for the *best buffet* in Vegas. Quality is on par and the price is kinda shocking (because it's so cheap!!!!) Curry is my faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaav. *drool*. . They pretty recently renovated and doubled the size of the place, which I was very happy to see because when I first started going, there was usually a 45 min wait for dinner.. . I suggest you high-tail it there asap.
One word: Magic.
Having lived in Thailand for 7 years, I know this is defnitely the best Thai food in LV. There are alot of good americanized thai food places in this city, but I think this place is by far the most authentic. I would highly recommend this place. I always take my visitors here.My favorite restaurant in las vegas!!!
Great food, great service friendly atmosphere.  I was so excited to try this place on my last visit home.  I have heard about it so many times and can't believe I never tried it sooner (like when I lived in Vegas), however I finally got my family (boring eaters) to finally go!. . First off this place is really crowded we called twice about dinner but were told they were booked and would mostly likely have to wait an hour if we decided that we were going to just show up.  We ended up going for lunch because we figured it would not be as crowded.  It worked but I still suggest calling ahead.. . Out of all the thai restaurants I have eaten at Lotus of Siam had the greatest.  They had a large selection of main dishes, soups, and salads.  Most of the dishes could also be made vegetarian.  In addition to standard thai dishes they also offered a selection of Northern Thai food.. . I recommend the spicy vegetable soup, basil and chili tofu with mixed vegetables and the panang curry.
This is my favorite Thai restaurant in the states...and a nice escape from the Strip.  Last night I ordered the crispy duck with panang...level 10 spice.  If you're like me, you love the heat.  A word to the wise...most Thai places somehow think Americans can't handle it so even a level 10 isn't a level 10.  Lotus of Siam is an exception.  Be very cautious with level 10...even if you order curry.  My stomach is still on fire...they are very liberal with REAL Thai chilis that are fresh and smokin' hot.  This place has a good mix of tourists and locals so you know it's good.  On your next trip to Vegas, make sure you give it a try.
Wow.. . Best pad see-ew we've ever had in our life.  Life changing good.. . En-tuan soup (real tasty soup). . Nam kao tod - recommended by the waiter (only 2-stars;  way too salty). . Beef rama - 4 stars for the meat, peanut sauce only 2-stars but the meat was good (i've had much better peanut sauce at many other thai restaurants). . Great friendly service.  Extremely large restaurant.  Lots of space between tables so you don't feel cramped.  Without asking they modified the en-tuan soup when we said it was for a toddler.. . Lot of sketchy characters in the parking lot.. . Can't wait to come back.
Great place to eat off the strip. Lunch buffet is now $9.99, though I order the drunken noodles with soft shelled crab ($18) even at lunch. Everything is done well and when you want something spicy... you can get spicy!
We had to talk our way in at closing time, and we're glad we did.  As a large group eating family style, we had the chance to try a solid cross section of the menu.  All dishes were excellent, especially the panang curry.  The extensive wine list is a bonus, and the server's recommendation ofGerman riesling was spot-on.  Be a bit careful with the spices - their "medium" is anyone else's "ultra-hot".  So nice to find a hyped restaurant that lives up to the hype.
I have eaten here a few times and it is always excellent.  Service can be a little slow and there is a wait for a table nearly every night, but it is worth it.  I think the Koong Sarong is the best thing I have ever eaten.  Bacon wrapped deep fried prawns.  OMG!  Soooo good!!  I have had a couple of different curries as well.  The masaman is excellent as is the standard red curry.  . . This place is a must try!
I've been hearing about this place arguably being the best Thai in the states. I haven't been to enough to compare, but my first time experience with Lotus of Siam is pretty damn good. . . When we rolled up, we had an awkward feeling about this place as the exterior seemed really dinky and the spaces around this strip mall have pretty much gone out of business. But as we saw people waiting around in the front for it to open....and asian, this was our good sign. It was like the moment Dorothy opened the front door to her house and stepped into Oz. They had seemed to done up the place really well and you really wouldn't have imagined it at its location.. . It was pretty interesting as we sat down and literally had to flip through seven pages of the menu and absolutely had no idea what to order. The waiters were definitely honest with their suggestions. Their recommendations turned out to be some of the most unique flavors and tastes I've ever experienced.  I'm thinking that part of the reason why their food is so delicious is because they utilize their different flavors, textures, and consistencies so successfully.. . We ordered the following:. Nam Kao Tod. Green Tofu Curry . Sai Oua (Northern Style Sausage). Drunken Noodles with Chicken. Nam Prik Ong with Sticky Rice (Red Chili Dip). Coconut Ice cream with Fried Bananas . . Amongst my uncle, cousin and myself, it was definitely way too difficult to rank our favorites; and we kept adding on to our tab because it's one of those places where you want to literally try everything on the menu.. . We also kept hearing people mention that they had redone the place, maybe for more room to hang their awards and pictures of celebrities.. . Chances of coming back? OF COURSE!!!!! (already on my list when I come back to Vegas)
My favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas.  I know good food because I'm from NYC, and this place has Thai Food that is a cut above any I've ever had.  Must haves: Green Papya Salad, Garlic Prawns, Drunken Noodle with Sea Bass.  I've dined here many time and have never ever been disappointed.  I know it's off the strip, but the some of the best things in Vegas are off the strip, and this is the best example of that.  Don't go to too spicy: a 5 level spice blew us away.
I can't claim this is the "best thai in America" but I can profess it's one of the best. If you're in Las Vegas, you must try this place. Since my husband and I don't live in Vegas, we were unable to eat here more than once, but I do know what we ordered was fabulous. The wine selection is amazing, the ambiance is nice, the food is outrageously terrific, and the prices are great. My husband loves spicy thai and I don't and they created perfect meals to satisfy both our heat preferences. . . Don't be alarmed by the location or facade of the building. The inside is  completely different than expected and really spacious. . . Next time, we will try the lunch buffet. . . Fantastic thai; you must eat here :)
Tucked away in a strip mall just north of The Strip, LoS is worth the escape.  Best Thai food ever.  H-light: Anything crispy or curry in the description. Dumplings and duck come to mind.
This place is great!  My husband is a sommelier and was like a kid in a candy shop with the wine list.  He was so impressed!  Bang helped him out and picked out a couple great wines.  The red curry is probably the best red curry that I have ever had.  The appetizers; chicken sa-tay, garlic and pepper chicken wings, won tons and egg rolls (best egg rolls also, finally a place that has traditional egg rolls), were extraordinary!  We also had sweet and sour pork and Prik king.  Both were okay but still good.  My suggestion is to get tons of appetizers and order tons of red curry!  Make a reservation because they are always busy and I mean always busy!  The service for an asian restaurant is great, we weren't sitting there waiting for anything and they were all very nice and attentive to our needs.  They have expanded so they are able to accommodate large parties and they have a small bar.  It's worth the taxi ride over!
So many places to choose from this vast and dated strip mall. I just had Thai food the other day and most of the time I don't like repeating similar types of food for at least a few days/meals.. BUT Thai Noodle House left such a savory taste in my mouth that I wanted More!! BUT More from a new place, a place that so many people seem to worship! This place doesn't seem to lure in just us locals but also the rich and famous! I'm ready for Thai food Round 2:. . What gave me a New Outlook on Thai Food:. . Ground Chicken Larb: ground chicken with chopped onion, green chili, lime juice and fresh cabbage. . - Tried this because it was recomended. Quite Fresh, Limey, Crunchy (cabbage) and Chicken was Good. And Most importantly Spicey!! for me at least.. We opted for 4/10 (default, if you don't mention how spicy, you get thir mediumhot which starts at 4 Not 5) on the heat scale and this already made me feel like a fire breathing dragon!! Don't be fooled, if your not into spicy you may want to order a 3 at most. For comparison: I've tried a 10/10 heat scale at Pin Kaow and Thai BBQ.. The 4 here was hotter! . . Drunken Noodle Sliced Chicken: pan fried flat noodle, topped with sauteed chicken, fresh and dry chili, thai basil on a bed of greens. . - My girl doesn't really eat seafood, so she substituted for chicken. I thought I've tried Great Thai flat noodle chicken dishes in the past but boy was I wrong! Chicken Tender and Very Tasty, Herbs and Spices (3/10 heat) was just right and flat noodles couldn't be any better! . . Pad Se-Ew Sliced Pork: stir-fried flat rice noodle with egg, chinese broccoli and black soy sauce. . - One of my favorite all time Thai dishes. I never tried a bad version of this dish but their pork here was better than any I've tried and again the flat noodles stood out themselves. 4/10 heat scale but didn't seem to have as much heat as the Chicken Larb dish?.. Really Good for Pad Se-ew.. . Drunken Noodle Halibut: deep fried halibut filet with homemade fresh chili and thai basil, over pan fried flat noodles. . - Best Thai dish I've Ever Had.. Period. I don't know where to start.. The fish fillet had a nice breading, lightly fried and was flaky fresh. Their blend of chilis/herbs/spices blend were Unreal!!!! All on top of their pan fried flat noodles! By now you should know how I feel about their flat noodles! I ordered this at a 5/10 thinking it wouldn't be too much heat but it was blazing! Next time I would order this at a 3 but it was So Magically Delicious,  it didn't matter!!. . Thai Iced Tea:. . - Great way to subside the heat from the food! Had a stronger flavor than usual.. . Coconut Ice Cream:. . - Very Fresh Islandy Flavor! If you have room for it, Try It!. . After having Homemade Thai food and Several Thai restaurants, I think its safe to for me to consider this place the Mecca of Thai Food!  The drunken noodle halibut  revolutionized the way I view Thai Cuisine. My experience here was Insanely Satisfying I wanted to give my waiter a Hug!!!!!!
the food is really good. we went during lunch time so we tried the lunch buffet and everything was tasty. i love the green curry!
I decided to write a review for this place but the only problem was that I have not eaten here in years. So I decided to order take out last night. I ordered the drunken noodles with duck. . . Pros: it was as delicious as ever. The noodles tasted great. They give you the sauce to put over separately, so be careful not to drench it. The duck was great as well. The duck was fried and deboned for easy eating. . . Cons: they didn't give me a pair of chopsticks.. . This is the benchmark for all thai food.
Best Thai food of your life unassumingly located in an off-Strip sketchy strip mall, with the accolades and photos with celebrities adorning the walls and full tables to prove it.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu; however the pad thai, crispy duck, and braised short rib with panang were standouts.
Hands down BEST Thai food ever!! . . bold words but very true and with good reasons. This place is too amazing to describe. HUGE menu with lots of authentic Thai options to choose from. So far I've had 8 dishes and they were all perfect. Great flavors, impeccable texture and authentic. I recommend to start with the Spicy Thai beef salad because it is ridiculously flavorful.. . Maybe not the best deal in Vegas but certainly one of the best things in Vegas. We make sure to come here at the end of our trip and it never fails to be a good end to any Vegas weekend. . . I say avoid the buffet because trying items on the menu will be more rewarding. Trust me when I say the 30 to 45 mins wait is worth it.
Yes, it lives up to the hype. When you look at this place from the outside you might not be impressed, but when you look at the menu and try their food then you'll be a believer. Not only is this authentic Thai food, their selection is immense. Being my first time here I had a hard time deciding what to order, but going by other Yelper's reviews, I ordered:. . - Nam Kao Tod (Appetizer): Selected 4 out of the 10 spiciness levels, seemed to be about right for me, but be wary, I saw some other tables sweating and downing drinks when they got too much spice.. - Tom Kah Kai (Soup): Delicious, it has coconut milk on it which gives it a unique flavor, definitely worth a try.. - Drunken Noodle Chicken & Pork Pad Se-Ew (Entrees): The noodles in both of this, out of this world. I personally likeD the Pork Pad Se-Ew better but they were both really good.. - Nam Prik Ong (Red chilli dip): Never had it before, interesting to try, but wouldn't put it on top of my list.. - Coconut ice cream with fried banana: I was so full I wasn't going to get dessert but other people were recommending it. It's definitely tasty, but I would rather save space for trying more dishes.. . All in all, the food was absolutely amazing and this is what this place is all about. Kudos for them. Don't miss this place if you're ever in Vegas, it is quite the gastronomic tour-de-force.
Best Thai I have had in the states. I don't know whatelse to say other than that. It is a must stop.
Omfg! The best, simply the best in Thai cuisine. This is where the chefs go to eat.
Went to Las Vegas for a hockey tournament and a team mate said this was the best Thai food he has ever had. Never had Thai food before this but I can't wait to eat it again. The food was amazing having tried 4 different orders. We got the Seafood soup, Issan Sausage, Yellow Currey with Chicken, and Combination Fried Rice. All of that was delicious and the Seafood Soup had a great spice to it that I was not expecting at first. Be careful if you aren't used to spicy foods though as what you may called mild and order mild could possibly be too spicy for you which is what I saw happen to a friend. The waitress was nice enough to get him a drink for free to help get rid of the spiciness.. . If you plan on going make a reservation 2-3 days before to be safe. We had a group of 15 people and tried to make a reservation the day of which was a bad idea, but luckily we put our name down and gave them our phone number and they called us after about an hour to tell us our table was ready.. . If you visit Vegas there is no reason to not go to this place, by far some of the best food I have ever had.
Certainly, the location comes across as the most beaten down strip mall in a city nicknamed Lost Wages.  Come here in the heat of summer and likely you will feel that you and your party have stepped into a Post Nuclear Bomb movie: your skin feels like 1,000 degrees and glowing. So the food would have to be the draw.  And it is!  This has some of the best Thai food in the ole' U.S. of A. (note: the original restaurant was in Hollywood, another city that has seen better days, so I have actually been eating here for two decades!)   The curry here is special, with the right level of heat.  So enjoy those beads of sweat on your forehead, because they will cool you down when you walk back out into the furnace!
Love this place.  On every trip to LV I have to come here.. . Usually I do the lunch buffet, 11:30am-2:30pm, $9.99, but they have an extensive menu along with a wonderful selection of wines if you want something that is not offered at the buffet.. . You can have it "your way" as far as the heat/spice factor as they will prepare it to your taste.  . . For first timers, the location is not particularly appealing, but once inside the restaurant you will enjoy the food, excellent service, and reasonable prices.. . Highly recommend!
Best Thai spot in Vegas. Must try the whole roasted catfish, soft shell crab salad, and the garlic shrimp with the shells. I've eaten here like 10 times, great everytime. Service is good. Too far from our house and they only stay open til about 9-930pm. This is Vegas stay open later. Please. And open a 2nd location don't like taking my kids to crack alley!
Okay, so I've been coming to Vegas once a year for trade shows for a awhile now. First it was for Interbike, which, being that most cyclists are super classy when it comes to food options, we usually just ate at In N Out..... Anyway, now that I own a restaurant, and still come to Vegas for trade shows, I figured maybe I should start eating like I know about food. Hence Google, and Yelp and Urbanspoon, etc which is how I found out about Lotus of Siam.. So, lengthy introduction in a nutshell; thank you other Yelpers for talking this place up.. . So, here's what happens; you dress up in your best Las Vegas attire for a flashy night out on the town. Second; you pull into one of the shittiest strip mall parking lots out there and start to wonder where the hell you are. Third; you triple check your smart phone to make sure that there's not more than one Lotus of Siam and maybe you ended up at the bad one..... . Dear skeptical eater; You are at the right place! now get out of your car and go cram into the packed waiting area.. . Which is exactly what we did last night. Monday night, the place is packed, waiting area to capacity, people spilling out into the street, every table taken. . And then you eat here, and you know why this is.. . The meal we ate here was amazing! and since you are off the strip it doesn't cost an arm and a leg. The flavors were delicious, the Panang curry obviously home made, the Pad-Se Ew amazing. And the Spicy Beef salad was like nothing I have ever had before. Everything was absolutely awesome.. I guess that's about it. I will certainly be back!
This place is a great little secret Thai restaurant in town. It's frequented by local and visiting celebrities. Also helps that it was also featured in February 2011 Travel & Leisure magazine as one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas.
I just have to add that this place is so good I ate here two nights in a row.....this is in the city with a million restaurants as well.. . Just thought I'd add.
Best garlic prawns!  Their Thai iced tea, yummy!  Make reservations!  This place gets packed quickly.  Friendly service can't wait to eat there again!
This is one of my favorite lunch buffet places. Although, you don't get a hugh selection of food.... I love, love, love their pad thai, fried chicken wings, banana egg roll, sweet potato dumplings are SOOO GOOD!  There's a sweet white dressing that I dip the chicken in to get the sweet and salty fix. So yummy!  . . Good service.  It's better now now that they have expanded. I always over do it here.  I guess why that's why we have gyms.
Its all about the lunch buffet. Seems like ordering off the menu can get you into some pricey areas. The lunch buffet is definatly worth going to...the food is fresh and cooked with care. The selection on the buffet isnt exactly huge, but its certainly enough for lunch. I would go here every day if I could.
I am still looking to find another Thai restaurant that beats this place--not in terms of ambiance but in tastiness. It is excellent.
The Best Thai in Vegas!  I like the drunken noodle with sea bass, beef salad, garlic prawns, any of the curries, and mango sticky rice with coconut ice cream.
epic thai madness. . Wins: deep fried whole lobster, green curry, riesling. . Fails: none
I eat a lot of thai food in Dallas, and sucks for me because this was better than anything I can get at home. . . Their spicy basil sauce (on whatever meat you choose) is delicious. I had it on three dishes: the catfish, with minced chicken on the pad kee mao, and later on a whole fried red snapper. Sauce is right on the money.. . The green papaya salad is my favorite I've ever had. Crisp, well marinated: it bursts with flavor. Make sure you get it spicy though. We got it medium, and one time it was fairly hot, the next time it was not hot enough. I would err on the side of too spicy next time. Nice ripe tomato bits in it also.. . I liked the Crisp Rice Salad with Minced Sour Sausage, but dining partner wasn't impressed. I thought it had interesting texture to the rice with a concentrated flavor, though the sausage looked more like ham.. . We also tried the Northern Larb...also a flavor concentration and quite good. It has minced pieces of pork and spices: very tasty but a little unusual.. . Oh, Pad Woon Sen with shrimp was wonderful but it's hard to mess that up.. . Only disappointment for me was the Khao Soi (yellow curry with rice noodles)...it was OK, but didn't stand out among others I've had.. . Definitely finish the meal with the coconut ice cream. Home-made, rich, luxurious, perfect slightly melted temperature, small frozen bits of coconut embedded. This actually is what drew us back to LOS for a 2nd day in a row. . . So although I'm a bit Las Vegas-ed out right now, LOS may lure me back sooner than I plan.
I have eaten here three times.. EXCELLENT Thai Food.  I have been to Thailand three times, and this food is just wonderful.  The strip mall is a dive, but it's certainly a hidden gem.  . . I loved my red curry. The chicken satay was great. My friend ordered the seafood fried rice, which wasn't my favorite, but he liked it.  A couple of Singha beers and Bob's your uncle.
Easily the best Thai food I've ever had.. . Came here on a Friday night and the place was getting pretty crowded, even though it was only 5:30. We sat down and ordered a few beers, then took a look at the extensive menu.. . We decided to order family style. . . Chicken and Shrimp Pad Thai- No doubt the best pad thai I've ever had. Perfect amount of spice and so much flavor.. . Pad See Ew- Once again, the best Pad See Ew I've ever had. So much flavor and the noodles were cooked perfectly. The beef was perfect with it.. . Tom Yum Kai- The broth was delicious, but my mouth was on fire! I must have taken a spoon full of spices at one time because I was dying. Still real good though.. . Crispy Duck on Drunken Noodle- By far my favorite dish of the night. The duck was cooked perfectly and the added crispy on top from the fat just made it amazing. One of the best things I have eaten all year.. . Overall I was really impressed with Lotus of Siam. THere was an extremely high amount of hype going into the dinner and the dinner did not disappoint. Generally its hard for me to distinguish between good Thai food and GREAT thai food, but I can finally say that I have had GREAT thai food.
This is the best Thai restaurant I have to been to. . . Didn't expect the food here to be this amazing. It's located in a run down lot a little outside of the strip. Once you get inside the restaurant you see all tons of wine's behind a glass. A big restaurant clean inside that looks nothing like the horrible outside. Service is really attentive and makes sure your table is always clean. . . The food here was superb. Next time I come here I'm only ordering the specialty dishes. The typical dishes are great but they have such an awesome menu that every dish we got blew my mind. The tom yum kai soup is delicious and you can't go wrong with that. The pad thai they use thin noodles which made me like it even more! The sea bass drunken noodles was crack. The fish itself was so tender it was like butter. The green curry was another highligh that felt like eating coconut butter on top of rice. I couldn't get enough of it. The raw beef tar tar was light and fresh. The fried rice was good but probably the least memorable of the dishes. Next time I come here I'm getting the deep fried prawns. If you visit Vegas make sure to stop by this place. You will not be disappointed.. . Recommendation: Sea Bass Drunken Noodles, Pad Thai, and Green Curry
We love this place. We normally go their at least once every other month.  The food is always good and they easily handle special requests.  My only negative comment is we are always getting approached by beggars as we leave the restaurant.
I had heard, well actually read, so much about how amazing this place was. When a restaurant is heralded as the best Thai food in North America, it has to be good. Only down side was my expectations going in were sky high. However it really says something when not only was I not let down but my expectations were actually exceeded. . I've heard that everything on the menu is great and so far that's true although some things are a bit more amazing than others. I've been here twice so far, and both times have ordered number #14 on the appetizer menu. I can't remember the exact name of it but I refer to it as crispy rice salad. One of the best dishes I can remember getting in a long time. . The menu is very long and has a bigger variety than most typical Thai restaurants so you might need some guidance. On my first visit, the server recommended Sea Bass Drunken Noodles. I saw a prior reviewer mention it was "like crack" and I would have to agree with them. The Sea Bass was very tender and the noodles and sauce were very flavorful. The next time I came, I forced myself to try something different. The server recommended some sort of noodle dish that was more like soup. It was still good but I definitely preferred the drunken noodles to it. But really, seems like you can't go wrong with almost anything here.. We actually tried to come to Lotus of Siam several years ago but we thought we were in the wrong place since the center its in looks a bit run down, to put it nicely. So if you have never been here, be forewarned. Once you enter however, the place looks legit. Take a glance at all the pictures of celebrities and famous chefs who have dined here to convince you.. My only complaint is that they are not open for lunch on weekends. Since its location is a bit out of the way, it's more convenient to come to for lunch and I would guarantee I'd be here on every Vegas trip if I could come in for lunch on a Saturday or Sunday. On my last week Vegas trip, I literally scheduled my trip around a lunch visit here by going on a long weekend and staying through Monday. I won't always have that option though so unfortunately I'll probably miss out on the deliciousness of Lotus of Siam on some future trips to the desert.
WOW. This place which is located in the middle of a huge strip mall took my breath away. The minute my friend and I walked in to the restaurant after a long day of walking on Las Vegas Blvd, were surprised to see how big this place was inside. It was about 5:30 in the evening and half the tables were already taken. By the time we finished our dinner, an hour later, the restaurant was full. . . Inside, there is a room with a huge selection of wines. The two seating areas were nicely done, typical to most Thai restaurants. The menu had good selection of authentic Thai food and French/American wine. The fried rice that I ordered with basil, tofu and vegetables was done right. The flavors were adequate and of good taste. Fried rolls for appetizer were standard fare but not too fried which is good. Just the right amount of crisp. The frozen banana dessert tasted good just like at most Thai restaurants. . . Lotus of Siam is a local Yelp favorite and as you can see from the other reviews, its averages a little over 4 stars. Great place with great food and service.
This is one of the three best Thai restaurants I've eaten at in North America.  (I like all three so much I'll call it a tie, especially since they're so geographically distributed I can't eat at all three in a row without burning a ton of frequent flier miles.). . The first time I went, it felt weird.  It's in a strip mall, there was a bunch of broken window glass in the parking lot, and it felt kinda seedy.  But, the food.  Oh, the food.  I'd read that Gourmet magazine called it the best Thai restaurant in America, and I had sky-high expectations.. . They were exceeded.. . There's a neat twist, too.  In addition to all the dishes you think of as "Thai" (which are from the southern part of Thailand), they have a whole set of Northern Thai specialities.  If you think you know Thai food, only order from the part of the menu with the northern specialties.  It's Thai, but it's nothing you'll recognize unless you're really well traveled and know Thai food extremely well.. . Eat. Here. Now.  If you say you don't like Thai food, eat here anyway.  If you don't like it here, then I will allow you to say you don't like Thai food -- but not until then!
Looking for Thai food in Vegas? Go to this place. Casual atmosphere but the food... excellent! My family and I ordered KOONG SARONG ( Prawn in a blanket ), TOM YUM KUNG (Hot and sour with shrimp, lime juice, lemon grass & straw mushroom), NUA NAM TOK (Sliced charbroiled beef mixed with green onion, chili, lime juice & rice powder), SEA BASS SOM THUM (Sea Bass with Thai Papaya Salad), CRISPY DUCK with CHILI MINT LEAVES (Crispy duck topped with homemade fresh chili and Thai basil), YELLOW CURRY-The mildest among all Thai curries made from curry powder, turmeric and spice with coconut cream, potato and carrot, chicken, and PAD SW-EW (Stir-fried flat rice noodle with egg and Chinese broccoli with black soy sauce). They were all excellent. I was in Thai food heaven :o)
Having lived in Thailand, I'm picky about the food. This place certainly earns five stars. Get the papaya salad and duck curry. And stay away from the other establishments in the strip mall. Ew.
This place is mind blowing orgasmic good! This is the second time I have been here and it is on point everytime. I had the Pad Thai and the Garlic Prawns for the main course and the Sey Teh (amazing chicken skewers) for the pre game. I am excited to try everything else... Take your girl to this place and you are getting sex lol.
It's all about #116!  Trust me!  The service, the flavor, the ambience - NEVER BETTER!  THIS IS A MUST DINE IN VEGAS!
@FoodieBear and @katfishkh did me a solid by recommending this place after seeing me check-in on @Yelp at another Thai place (Archi's, decent in their own right).. . I have driven past this sorry looking, God-forsaken strip mall a few times over my many trips to Las Vegas and never once thought about stopping in.  As you drive by on Sahara it looks like sketch all the way.  Major sketch.  With graffiti on top.  From the back.  You see the back of the strip mall.  Not sketch from the back, that's gross.. . When you turn in it's not much better - people of Vegas, would you please patronize these poor businesses up in here?!. . But once you enter Lotus of Siam you feel like a sprightly lotus blossom yourself.. . Well, you feel like you're on to something good.  And you are.. . I had the lunch buffet and it was very good.. . I'll be back to try the regular menu.. . And Thai hot.. . Fire.
Best Thai I've ever had... by leaps and bounds. Incredible depth of flavor, great service as well. A FOODIES' MUST!
If there were 6 stars I'd give it 6.. . When you pull up to Lotus of Siam, from the outside it looks like it's in the wrong place.  The surrounding strip mall looks a bit run down and Lotus is very humble looking.. . But once you get inside and see the Wine Spectator Grand awards on the wall along with the wine selection you'll quickly get it.  Some people say this is the best Thai food in the U.S.  I haven't eaten at enough Thai restaurants to verify that fact, but it's the best one I've ever eaten at.. . Stellar wine list, reasonable prices and fast, friendly service only compliment the food.  This is a must for anyone visiting Vegas.  No, really!  It's a must, double stamped it, no erasies.
I'm a frequent Las Vegas visitor that it's my home away from home.  I can't believe that I didn't try this place long before!  I've only heard good reviews about the food from my friends who have tried it already so I was dying to try myself.. . So the moment that I got to go to this place, I was ecstatic!  Unfortunately, my last visit was during lent and I have given up meat so I wasn't able to try some of the dishesthat our party ordered.  But everything smelled wonderful and all the seafood and veggie dishes that I was able to eat were delicious!. . I plan on going back again and again to try other dishes.  My next visit will be after lent so I can't wait to head back!. . No lie, this place is legit.
Long overdue review, as I've eaten here probably 10 times over the past few years.. . They've remodeled and can now fit many more happy patrons inside. The menu is the same but the portions are *slightly* smaller. Still amazing though and I'll go back every visit to Las Vegas that I can. . . My favorite is the Green Coconut Curry, Pineapple fried rice and the Mango Sticky Rice. The last visit back in January, 2011, I brought a well-traveled friend with me and he could not get enough of the flavorful delights I ordered.. . His first question the next morning (at 10am) to me was: "What time does the Thai place open?". . Ahhh, can't wait for my next trip to Sin City for your sinfully good food!
This is definitely a hole-in-the-wall.  A friend of mine suggested this place, recommended to her by a different friend (the recommender livesin Los Angeles!).  When hubby and I arrived, we were rather dismayed to find ourselves standing outside the rather shabby exterior, flanked by questionable businesses in a sketchy strip mall.  However, all reservations dissipated when spotting the many photos of celebs on the walls and smelling the yummy smells within.  The four of us chose the pad Thai (with chicken), snapper, drunken noodles with tofu, and the northern style sausage.  All were excellent: not drowning in sauce, no bad aftertaste, just flavourful food that made us overeat.  :)  Service was especially good: attentive, patient, yet unobtrusive.  Prices are mid-level (around $12-15/entree) and portions were generous, not ridiculously so.  We will definitely come again.
The best place to eat in Vegas! Excellent food, service and price.
Foodies say this is the best Thai restaurant in the US. This place has an overwhelming number of complimentary reviews so I won't over do it on this review. I will mention two things we ordered .....The crispy rice appetizer, Nam Kao Tod is amazeballs! This is not a typical fried rice that you find in any Asian restaurant, this is actually deep fried rice with a spicy, tangy and utterly delicious texture and flavor. I've never had anything like it. We also ordered (amongst a bunch of other superb dishes) the Drunken Noodle with Crispy Sea Bass. The fish was melt in your mouth, the flavors.....drool! This food paired with some sick German Rieslings made for the best 30th birthday dinner a girl could ask for. Way better than paying out the nose for a uppity dinner at a famous chef's restaurant on the strip. If your in Vegas and appreciate ethnic food, don't miss this place!
So delicious! I had to take my dad there (who we consider to be the expert on Thai food) and he thought that it was fabulous and loved pairing wine with Thai food...which he had never done before. You absolutely have to try the crispy garlic shrimp and the panang curry! Oh and if you can hang with spicy...try the tom yum (soup) with prawns and chicken...it's the best:) It can be hard to get in so I recommend calling on a weekday to get a table for the weekend.
Went on a recommendation.  Went in for lunch on whim not knowing there would be a buffet, which turned out to be fantastic food, even being on a buffet, and only 10 bucks.  Not a huge selection, which was actually nice.  What was there was fresh and warm and perfect and delicious.  Best Thai food I've had in LV so far.  Can't wait to go back for dinner and order a la carte.  Sweet and sour soup chronic. Pad thai exactly what it should be. Yellow curry chicken sweet with great seasoned backbone to it. Yumm-oh.
Freakin' loved this place!!!!  Ok so I came here with a local....as we pulled into the parking lot, I was kinda sketched out.  My friend was telling us about the "Green Door" which was located in the same strip mall.  Well I don't want to gross you out so you can look up the "Green Door" for yourself.  LOL.  Anyways, my friend was telling me that this place is a little hidden gem.  Boy was she right!  We came on a Friday night and there were lots of people which was a good sign!  We started off with dumplings and beef nom tuk.  Both were excellent and full of flavor!  For my main dish, I settled with the Pad See Eww and it was amongst the best I've ever had.  I'd definitely come back here the next time i come back to Vegas.   Don't let the sketch strip mall scare you cause the food is excellent.
I am sorry Lotus, I have dined with you probably more than 30 times in the past 2 years and sincerely apologize for overlooking one of the finest dining experiences in Las Vegas.. . You like Thai!. . You will love everything about L of S!!!. . Go, go now!
I've eaten in alot of Thai restaurant in and outside L.A and Lotus of Siam is the best i've ever been in to...Whenever we go to Las Vegas we had to stop by atleast twice and try out their different thai cuisine...my fav is the Deep fried shrimp and Beef Panang... wish they have one in L.A:(. . For all you food lover pls visit this spot whenever your in Vegas, you wont get disappointed!. . Chris
Since I wont be back here for at least another year(unless by some fortunate stroke of luck) I figured I need to go ahead and write this review while its fresh on my mind.. . Started off with a small bowl of Tom Ka Kai and a bottle of excellent Riesling.  I figured the Tom Ka Kai would be similar to the offerings in my home town given the simplicity of the ingredients, but LoS managed to even step that up....delicious.  For anyone who isn't familiar the soup consists of coconut milk, galanga, ginger, lime juice, chicken, mushrooms, fish sauce and a little black pepper.. . Next up was the only dish I had eaten on my one prior trip here,  the Garlic Prawns.  These were just as good as I remembered.  Salty, sweet, crunch with a strong garlic and black pepper kick.  Shrimp were impeccably fresh and clean tasting.  Don't be scared of the fact that the shrimp shells are included......they literally turn to delicious crackers.. . After eatings the prawns, which I already knew I loved, I actually expected to be let down my the following main courses, but I was pleasantly surprised.   We had our waiter, whose name I unfortunately can't remember(he was excellent), recommend us a signature dish and a noodle dish.  He recommended the Pad Se Eww for the noodles and Charbroiled Beef in a Young Peppercorn Sauce.  The former was excellent with perfectly cooked wide flat noodles, sweet/salty brown sauce and crunchy chinese broccoli.........but the Charbroiled beef was the thing of legends.  Beef cooked nicely medium with crunchy green beans and green bell pepper served with a savory brown sauce heavily flavored with the intensely vibrant and sharp taste of young peppercorns.  This makes for a unique and brilliant combination of flavors.. . I can't state whether this is, as reviewed, the "best Thai restaurant in North America", but I think I can safely assume they make a VERY strong case.. . **Note: Don't be scared to ask your server for recommendations.  Ordering "tradition" or plain jane Thai dishes here doesn't seem to be the way to go.
[Note: review is solely for the lunch buffet]. . Lotus of Siam has the best lunch buffet in Vegas, hands down.  Not because the buffet specials change daily (although tasty variety is nice); not because the ginger tofu dish is tart and spicy in a way that you know they are using fresh ginger; not because the fried sweet potato curry puffs have made me ditch my diet more than once (although, I could honestly pig out on a plate full of those things--crunchy and sweet with a dash of spice . . . mmmmmmm).. . No, it's because each dish under the heat lamp is fresh.  In contrast to most of the buffets in Vegas, Lotus of Siam does not leave their buffet dishes under heat lamps for hours.  Each dish is fresh.  Hell, there's not much chance for the dishes to sit for long since the place is always packed for lunch and the kitchen needs to keep cranking out food to refill the buffet options.  . . Oh, and the buffet dishes are properly cooked.  An overcooked chicken can ruin a Pad Thai, but you won't find that here.  It's tender, it's seasoned and it's wonderful.. . And they do a good job of catering to the full spectrum of spice lovers.  The dishes on the buffet aren't overly spicy, but there's plenty of hot sauce and dried hot pepper to stir in if you want to raise the heat level.. . All around thumbs up.
Everything was flipping amazing, the egg roll, the thai chicken wings, the druken noodle which when i asked for it, was hotter than the sun. love this place
Consistently praised by food critics and locals, Lotus of Siam is a place that has become a destination restaurant for foodies throughout the world....Congrats Chef Khun Saipin Chutima on winning the James Beard Award for best chef Southwest 2011. A mom and pop restaurant indeed, not!!!
Lotus of Siam definitely lives up to it's reputation. I love Thai food and I've been to several Thai restaurants around the country and this is easily the best Thai food I've ever had. Not only is the food here amazing but the prices are very reasonable. . . My dad and I both had an amazing meal here. We ordered the Nam Ko Tod to start and it was a great start to the meal. It was a great play on sour, salty, spicy, and crunchy texture. Next I ordered the Khao Soi and my dad ordered the Soft Shell Crab Drunken Noodles. Both were phenomenal dishes. We also shared a side of the spicy pork fried rice, which couldn't have been any better. And last but not least we shared the sticky rice with mango and coconut ice cream. This is a must have and was one of the best deserts I've had in a while. It was the perfect way to end the meal, it's very refreshing and not too heavy and not too sweet, a great way to cool down your mouth after a spicy meal.
Great Thai and a 72 page wine list, some of the best food in Vegas!
Fav Thai joint period. Fair prices, friendly, fresh food n damn tasty. Luv green curry n northern pork noodle soup. Sticky rice and nam tod are great too. Sausage avg.
To this Texas girl, Lotus of Siam is some dayum good Thai food.  I can't group myself in with the connoiseurs and aficionados but I do love to eat it!  We came in for a late lunch right before our flight out, so we had all our luggage with us and it wasn't an issue.  The cabbie that brought us here had never heard of the place, but the one that took us to the airport was all excited we had heard about it because he loves it too.. . Anyhoo--. . - Thai Iced Tea, get it.  . - Crispy garlic prawns, I wasn't the hugest fan (I was a little more squeamish about the shells) but my dude loved them. - We wanted to order the snapper or sea bass (i forget which now) on the drunken noodles, but they were out, so we got the duck.  Very similar to pad kee mow with basil, tomato, peppers---soooo good. - Tom Kha Gai soup - VERY tangy but good.  A little on the salty side.. - Mango sticky rice - I've never really liked this in the past but holy mother of god I'm now a convert.  SOOO glad we were there during mango season!!!  Now I gotta find this in Dallas.... . For a casual Thai-enthusiast, I'd definitely recommend checking it out!! We'll definitely make it a staple for future visits.
Made a reservation because of Yelp reviews.. . Drove into the crazy/odd parking lot and didn't drive out because of Yelp reviews.. . Went inside - sat down - ordered salad rolls......it just felt right. There were many regular customers who were warmly welcomed, families and out of "towners" it just felt good in there! You could tell there were plenty of foodies - long conversations with waiters - people asking for "the best" and "you order for me, this is what I like....". . We ordered:. Prawns on Drunken Noodles - I am rarely at a loss for words - all I could say when asked was - "I am so happy". . . Beef dish with peanut sauce - also wonderful - though the previously mentioned was by far my favorite. . . The service was as expected - prompt, tidy, nice but not overly solicitous. If you are looking for amazing waiters and ambiance go somewhere else. If you are looking for perfect - and I mean perfect food - please join in the feast - like many have said before - the place is so worth it.
It was my first time coming here yesterday. We had a party of 9 total and my Thai friend was doing the ordering and interaction with our waiter. We just simply picked dishes and did it family-style. We tried a bunch of things and I wouldn't say I dislike any of them, but I especially loved the Crispy Duck and the Mango on the mango sticky rice. I actually really like sticky rice, but I didn't like the sticky rice here.. . The portions are small, but the prices are a bit higher up. The quality is good though so I guess you can say it offsets it. If you want to eat a lot and cheap, this wouldn't be the place for you. Go another day.. . Having said all that, I'd come back here when I wanted Thai food as this place is really good and it was really packed. The area it's in would NOT be somewhere I'd normally go to and the place is a lot bigger than you think it is (looks small outside and it's a hole in the wall kind of place).. . Since I didn't do the ordering we had a bunch of other dishes that my friends liked, but I wouldn't know the name. I just particularly liked the crispy duck that night, hehe :0D.. . OH! Also. Service was great. Although I did not interact with any of the servers and our waiter, they were great at refilling waters and when we asked for more rice, they got it pretty quickly. A!! And we also didn't get charged 18% gratuity for having a party over 6 (maybe they forgot or they were being nice cause of my friend). But we tipped 18%.
There's no chance I'll go to Vegas without eating here during my stay. This place has ruined my taste for cheap Thai food back home in Denver (sorry Thai Basil). I am starting to salivate at the very notion of their pad thai. When I visit I feel like I'm a part of a secret society that knows about this place and we might be asked for the special password at our next visit. It's hidden in a not-so-nice strip mall behind the Vegas strip but it's quite lovely inside: the thai spice aroma lifts me off my feet as I float to the table and begin contemplating what new adventure I will offer my mouth with this next order.
Seriously? How have I never written a review for Lotus?. . This is, without question, my absolute favorite restaurant in the world. If I'm ever on death row, this is my last meal. If I ever moved away from Vegas, Lotus is probably what i would miss the most. I have been eating there about twice a month for the five years I've been living in Vegas. On her third or fourth nomination, chef Saipin Chutima won the James Beard Award this year - but the secret has long been out about this amazing, otherworldly culinary experience 3/4 of a mile and worlds away from the Strip.. . Almost everything I have ever eaten here is absolutely fantastic, and for spice junkies like myself it's a legitimate challenge. They operate on a 1-10 scale, but there's actually a spice level 15. I don't recommend it. But if you like some serious heat to your food, a 10 will kick your ass. The 15 is just unnecessary.. . As for the dishes, almost all that I've ever had are fantastic. Here are my recommendations from the gargantuan, 150+ item menu:. . 11. Garlic Pepper Chicken Wings. These are bursting with flavor from the fried garlic and the green onions that practically drip off the crispy wings. I'm not really much of a wing person but I can go to town on these.. . 13. Nua Dad Deaw. This Issan style beef jerky is, in flavor and texture, completely different than any jerky you've ever had.. . 14. Nam Kao Tod. The BEST DISH EVER, and I mean ever. I order this every single time I go. It's a sour sausage salad over crispy rice with a complex and vibrant flavor profile that includes the always distinct and recognizable tastes of green and red onions, peanuts, ginger, mint, cilantro, lime, basil and chili. Seriously, I've never seen this offered anywhere else and it's unlike any other food on earth. You've never seen so many flavors, colors and textures all in the same dish.. . 55. Nua Nam Tok. Charbroiled beef on a flavorful and tangy mix of lime, rice powder and green onion.. . 59. Koi Soy. This Issan style steak tartare is unbelievably good. The rice powder makes for an incredible texture contrast with the beef, and the lime and chili mix almost cooks the beef the way that the citric acid in a ceviche cooks the fish. This one gets really intense when you turn the spice level up on it.. . 66. Issan Sausage. Let me tell you a little story about their Issan sausage, cured for weeks in-house with a mixture of pork, wine, garlic and spices. They ran out of it for a period of a few weeks a few summers back, and they were the longest weeks of my life. I craved it like a crack baby. It's a dry, sour sausage that's paired with ginger, peanuts, fresh chilis and red onions. This is probably about my 2nd most common entree order. Be sure to get some rice to mix it with, and wrap it up in a cabbage leaf. That's how it's eaten when served off street carts in Thailand.. . 72. Mint and Green Chili. Heat of spice countered by cool mint. I daydream about this sometimes.. . 79. Pepper Garlic Sauce. Emphasis on the garlic. Lots of green onions on this one too, that combination seems to work well.. . 102. Pad Thai. I've never had a better version of this dish, which all too often tastes too much of tamarind. But this is a subtle blend of the dish's strong flavors. Never had better.. . 107. Kai Koowah. Like a more flavorful, less salty chow fun.. . 121. Spicy Fried Rice. I feel like a gringo because I order the spicy fried rice more than any other entree. But it is simply a flavorful delivery system for some of the most intensely flavorful but not overwhelming heat in the whole desert. (I always order this level 10 spicy. I don't F around.) The garlic, basil, and fresh chilis add a bolt of lightning to a savory bowl of fried rice. Again, the best of its kind.. . H. Nam Prik Noom. This green chili dip is the perfect choice for when you just want something light.. . Those are my go-tos on the Lotus menu, depending on my mood. There's a couple other things that need to be said about Lotus.. . The wine list is mind-boggling and affordable. It's a special treat for lovers of German and Austrian Rieslings.. . The lunch buffet should be skipped. If you get it, you're missing out on most of the things that make Lotus such a special dining destination. Although I would be lying if I said I had never had the lunch buffet and piled on plate after plate after plate of garlic chicken wings and the world's best pad thai. But I'm there twice a month or more, that's a luxury I have that most Lotus visitors don't.. . If you only eat one meal in Vegas, make this it.
Lotus of Siam is the real deal. I momentarily though I was back in Thailand, then realized the beer was to cold for that to be possible.  When it comes to authentic Thai food this is it.  I truly believe if I had let the beer sit out for about 15-20 minutes I would have been fooled into yelling for a tuk-tuk to take me to PatPong.  . . GET : Nam-Prik-Noom , Drunken Noodle, Duck. . P.S.  Pay no heed to the Cali / Los Angeles Crowd reviews, If there was a place serving turds they surely wouldn't be as good as theirs.
What can I say that my buddy Jay F didn't say in his review about this spot? . . Well, I was in town visiting from San Francisco over Memorial Day weekend, and Jay knew I'm a bit of a foodie, so he mentioned Lotus of Siam early in the trip as a "must go" place to dine. We finally went the last night I was in town, and I was seriously blown away at how amazing the food was. And for the price, you honestly cannot beat it! . . I would be remiss without also mentioning their rather extensive and nicely executed wine list. Coming form the Bay Area, that is a must, and LoS did not disappoint. . . In short...for details, read Jay F's review - otherwise, trust me when I say, GO TO LOTUS OF SIAM - you will thank me for it...at least until you're finding yourself craving it and being 1000 miles away.... . Like Arnie Schwarzenegger once said...."I'll be back!"
Hands down the best Thai food I have EVER had to date and I was in a seedy strip mall 2 miles off the Strip in Las Vegas. How that computes? I still don't know, but I don't think I've had better and I live in Southern California, home to some really good Thai places.. . Don't let the shady exterior plaza fool you - the inside is nice and when your group is the only Asian table at a Thai restaurant than it has to be good. I'd suggest making a reservation if possible because if you don't, your poor stomach will suffer the same torturous 45 minute wait that I had. . . Notable dishes:. -Pad Thai. -Drunken Seafood Noodles. -Green Curry. -Mango Sticky Rice
This place deserves 5 stars just for the crispy duck in Penang curry and their mussels!  Amazing dishes. Ive eaten here several times and it remains to be one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  A great place for a date or to enjoy with a group of friends.  The location is a bit shady looking, but the food makes up for that!
Best Thai food I've ever had. Try the Northern Thai menu...it's very different from typical Thai fare. . . Great Service. Convenient Location, even if you need to take a cab. . . Definitely worth going.
#8 Prawn in a blanket (4 stars, nothing too special but tasty). #105 Pad See Ew (5 stars, best I've ever had). #121 Chicken Spicy Fried Rice (3 stars, tasty but wouldn't order again). #130 Green Curry (3 stars, tasty but would want to try other dishes). . Lobster (Garlic Pepper Sauce) (5 stars, like R&G lounge crab (san francisco, delicious wow, must order). Garlic Prawn (5 stars, another must order). Sea Bass On Drunken Noodle (4 stars, but wouldn't order again, just personal taste)
Writing a review so I'll remember to come back here the next time I'm in town. I heard a lot before we went and I was not disappointed! Location is . definitely unexpected, but that just made the meal more fun. . . Pluses:. . +Outstanding service. +Incredible wine list. +Super prompt kitchen. +Did I mention? Incredible food, bursting with flavor. . . Minuses:. . -Very over-stuffed belly post-meal.
My favorite restaurant in Vegas. I've been known to eat their a couple of times a week! Green curry with pork is my favorite. Crispy Duck with Chili Mint is great. Pad Prik King with Beef is also good. The prawns wrapped in bacon and a wonton are a great starter. And the coconut ice cream with mangos is a fantastic end. . . You really can't go wrong! . . The service is great. The menu is varied. And the staff is knowledgable and helps break down what could be an intimidating menu (so much to choose from)!. . Live in Arizona now, but Lotus is always my first and last stop in town!
First off fair warning, this place is located in the shadiest part of Vegas. The address is not really posted. We actually drove right past it. . . My girlfriend found out about this place after watching Food Network's " Best thing I've ever ate, Las Vegas 2011." Man am I thankful she Tivo'd that episode. We ordered the Chicken Pad Thai, Green Chicken Curry, this pasty pork dip surrounded by vegetables. There was a lot of people in this restaurant and surprisingly the waiters were very attentive.. . Our meal was just perfect. These are the types of restaurants I hate reviewing because they are so good. Trust me the ten minute drive off the strip is well worth it. You will not find a meal for this price anywhere on the strip. Everything here was just excellent.
Now I understand that you may be tempted to abort mission when you see the area around Lotus of Siam, but that would be a huge mistake.  This place is amazing!  As far as Thai food goes, it has to be the best place I've ever tried.  I'm pretty sure the next step up requires a passport and a plane ticket to Bangkok.. . Atmosphere wise, this place has the feel of a small mom and pop shop that grew and grew and eventually expanded to the layout they have now.  You still get that intimate feel, but with ample seating for large parties.  . . When it comes to the food, you HAVE to start with the Nam Kao Tod, it's this crispy rice dish that is so unique and flavorful!  Next, you have to get some Tom Yum, which one exactly is up to you, but if you have at least 3 or 4 people, definitely get a hotpot, you'll being going back in for more!  After that, any combination of noodle, curry, bbq, rice, or northern dishes can't go wrong.  But if you're a seafood lover, get the garlic prawns!. . They have an extensive wine list that you should take advantage of as well.  . . One of the best aspects of this place is that they feature many items you cannot get at other local Thai restaurants, so DO try something new!
I have to start by saying this is the best Thai food I have ever had.. My girl and I get there and we end up having to wait about 30 minutes since it was so packed (rightfully so) we did not mind as we were enjoying watching all the different foods come out of the kitchen and enjoying the accompanying smells.. . We were seated and we started with the chicken satay, which came out with a nice peanut sauce and a small cooling cucumber salad. All together, they were quite enjoyable and it is the best peanut sauce I have personally had.. . We next ordered the Charbroiled prawn with tamarind sauce, which also came with fresh chili garlic and lime sauce (which was ZOMG hot since I was not expecting it and coated my prawn rather well in it). The tamarind sauce I could not make out the tamarind taste it tasted more like maple syrup, which I know they added to help sweetened the sourness of the tamarind.. . We next had the Pad Thai. I have never been too much a fan of this dish, but this was very good and I would have to say the best version of it I have ever had. It is rich in flavor, nice and thick and very tasty.. We next had the Chili Mussels with a chili, garlic, Thai basil sauce over the large half shell mussels. I really liked these; they were not too spicy and had a great fresh flavor.. . We finished off the meal with a mango and sticky rice dessert; it was just fresh mango slices with sticky rice on the side. The Mango was very fresh and perfectly ripe and sweet. (So Nommy Good). . My girl had a nice glass of white wine with the meal, I was surprised to see the sheer amount of wines they have here in their wine storage area.. . The service was fast and friendly and we were never left wanting for a refill on our drinks or them checking to see if everything was to our liking.. . I can see why Chef Saipin Chutima has such great reviews and guest pictures all over the walls here. She has a great place with great food and reasonable prices for the level of culinary expertise here. I can also see why Gourmet Magazine called it the "single best Thai restaurant in North America.". . I'm giving this place 5 stars and truly recommend you give it a try.
Absolutely the best Thai food this side of the Pacific. The Chef won James Beard awards andWine Spectator Awards years in a row for good reason. I personally do not understand how this place can get any reviews below 5 stars, it is that good. And no, I do not know the owner or the workers there. . . Beware that the spiciness level is in Thai scale out of 10. Perhaps due to my Asian heritage, I like my food hot. So when I tried to order something at 8/10, the waiter looked at me like I had flowers growing out of my head. We ended up ordering 7/10 and still it was HOT.. . The only drawback is the location. It seems like there's always a panhandler ready to confront you at the parking lot.. . Overall my go to place to take out of towners.
"OMG" is a phrase I would use to describe this place. It's in a strip mall off the strip. Looks like a rundown, dirty, mom and pop thai restaurant that is struggling to make ends meet from the outside. Remember that saying "looks can be deceiving?" Well that's exactly what I was thinking when I walked out. The four of us feasted on some of the best thai I've ever had. Our meals included apps, soups, main courses, dessert and everything was amazing. They have a nice size menu and all their items have great descriptions. I would highly recommend checking this place out! Don't have a car in Vegas? I would say it's worth the cab ride.
This place is a MUST VISIT for anyone hungry in Vegas.. . I read the reviews and decided to try it.  My husband and I love Thai food, and this place totally did not disappoint!  It was soooo good!  The food was excellent. We had. . - Tom yum. - Tom kha. - Ginger Chicken. - Pad Thai. - Mango with Sticky Rice. . Everything was absolutely delicious!  I have never had Pad Thai like that - a little different than what I am used to, but it was unbelievably good!  Try it.  And, no matter how stuffed you are, get the mango with sticky rice!  It is the perfect ending.. . When you go, be sure to ask to sit in Tony's section - he made the experience even that much better!  He was so helpful, always checking up on us.  And be sure to have him suggest some wine.. . Outstanding!
I actually have eaten here three times now.  Friends of mine that live in vegas took me to eat here, and I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys thai food.  The prawns, chicken wings, fried catfish are delicious, and this is probably one of the best places I've eaten at for Thai food in the states.  They get extra points for making it tasty spicy.  They recently bought the next door lot and made their restaurant bigger, so previously painfjul waits are much better.
Must try the Nam Koa Tod (#14). by far the best thing we had there, and better than the "Best Thing I Ever Ate" pork dip dish. It's crunchy, spicy, sweet, and every bite gives you a different flavor profile. All the food looked great, but duck with drunken noodles was a 10 as well. Hidden gem and a great reason to get off the Strip.
Amazing and so worth the $20 cab ride from the Strip. We got the tip to try this place out from one of my husband's business-traveling friends. Consultants tend to really know their restaurants, so we knew we had to check it out. . . The wine menu in this place is stunning! I had an Auslese riesling that wassweet and delectable.. . The larb salad, fried tofu, and yellow curry were all fantastic and some of the best I have ever had, and I have eaten those at many, many places over the course of the last 2 decades. Cashew chicken was pretty great too. . . The only thing that was just okay was the tom yum soup - definitely decent, but not the best ever. They got the sour part right, but I like mine super fragrant with lots of lemongrass and cilantro, which this did not have. . . I only wish we'd had room for dessert - we both felt very sad that we didn't have any space left to try it (if you check out what all we ordered above, you can see why, haha)!. . Overall, we LOVED it, and Lotus of Siam is going to become a pilgrimage every time we hit up Vegas.
THIS PLACE.  OH MY GOD.   So freaking good.  Their chicken panang is the perfect amount of spicy, their stuffed chicken wings are a gift from the gods, and their wine selection is extensive.  I seriously would consider going back to Vegas just to eat here again.. .  It's a nice change to have employees seem to genuinely care about what you're feeling like, and then help you pick out your dishes, explaining the menu to you.  Our waiter told us to not get item A because we already were getting items B, C, and D.  Instead he suggested E, and he was completely right.  :). . I can't eat shrimp, but everyone else at my table LOVED the shrimp dish they got, so if you like shrimp, definitely try it!  (it was called Garlic Prawns). . And they made an off-the-menu dessert combo for us because we couldn't decide what to choose--so sweet!  The fried banana was delicious, and the perfect end to a fantastic and super-filling meal.. . Also, we sat one table over from Jennifer Tilly, which was kind of weird.  She played on her iPad like the whole time LOL
Best. Thai. Anywhere.  Better than anything I had in Thailand.  Better than NYC.  Better than SF. Getting the picture?  Make a reservation.  Fills up fast.
5 Stars, and here is why..... . 1.  If the restaurant closes at 10pm, and you can still roll in at 9:55pm for a meal - Good.  The service is still excellent - Better.  The quality of the food is still exceptional - Best.  Lotus is tops on all three accounts!. . 2.  Wine List and Pairing.  Not only does Lotus have an outstanding wine list, it has the largest selection of German Whites in any restaurant - in the world, if memory serves.  Also, any restaurant whose wait staff knows wine enough to pair with my meal makes me happy.  However, despite the large number of Sommeliers and wannabes in Las Vegas, I rarely find a member of the general wait staff who can confidently assign a wine to my meal without looking at the price or without pairing  by color.. . 3.  Of course, the food!  I know that I've enjoyed a Larb Salad in another place better, but not an entire Thai meal.  To start, three of us ordered the Hot Pot-sized Thom Kha Kai, a wonderful coconut and lime-based soup with mushrooms and chicken, which was simply pleasing.  It was creamy, tart, sweet and savory; so perfectly balanced that it could have easily satisfied me as a main course.  Next, a Larb Salad (Chicken).  This could have been better to my taste, but was well-seasoned with mint and onions and very aromatic.  Finally, the main course - Nua Yang Panang.  I love Panang curries, and this one, with its embellishment of cognac, was one of the best I've ever had.  The sauce was so good my friends and I made balls of rice to sop up every last bit - the dishwasher got off easy with us!. . 4.  Price.  Yes, you can spend (and maybe should spend :)) $30-40/ person at Lotus of Siam.  Yes, you can probably make decent curries at home now without the time and expense thanks to the plethora of bottled Thai sauces - think Heinz 57 of Thai...blegh!  But the total bill for all of us including my $10 glass of Piesporter, the menu listed in #3 and another's fried rice, just cleared $60 with tax.  That's right folks $15 a person!  Can you eat at any other of the World's 100 Best Restaurants at dinner for $15?  I think I hear Thomas Keller laughing...nervously.... . Bottom line:  Well, worth the drive from anywhere for the excellent quality, selection and service.  A super way to dine at one of the World's Best!
Having the unique perspective of being raised in Thailand coupled with 15 years in the food business, one could say I am qualified as an authority on Thai food, however, really,  the true authority on anything to do with food and drink is the taste buds of the person eating. And most folks who eat here love it. Having said that, I just don't get Lotus of Siam. Sure, it's good; the curries are balanced and the salads, and noodle dishes are tasty, but I feel that this is a place that is more concerned with it's reputation as the premier Thai restaurant in the area than the menu. They have tailored their dishes for farang, (foreign), meaning our milder,  palates. What is with the wine obsession? I have never experienced a Thai restaurant anywhere that directs such focus on wine. Not that it's a bad thing, I personally enjoy a glass of Pinot Grigio with a Glass Noodle Salad, for example, but it comes off to me as a little snobbish. The staff are courteous, but seem harried and too busy. The service is good, but I like to chat in Thai to my server and or hostess, and they just don't seem to have the time. Those who are seeking authentic Thai food should try some of the other Thai restaurants in town. Each one is different and I don't really have a favorite, although the beef salad at Pin Kaow is excellent, the curries at Komol Kitchen are mind blowing, (the pastes are made from scratch), and the Larb at Ocha is the best I've ever had anywhere! Order it with sticky rice. There are a few Thai places in Vegas I've not tried, mostly because of their location relative to my home, but for my money, eating Thai means enjoying the personality of the restaurant, the proprietor, & the food. In these areas, Lotus of Siam is little better than average, and the lunch buffet is the only thing I eat there if I'm on my lunch break and am in need of a quick Thai fix. I can get in and out of there in a half hour, and make it back to work on time.
Some of the most intense flavors I've ever experienced, and that's a good thing. I live in Los Angeles where we have many quality Thai places, but my friends pushed me here and I'm glad they did. So many things on the menu you won't find at other restaurants.. . After much research, I got the two most recommended dishes on Yelp: Nam Kao Tod and the Nam Prik Ong. The former was one of the most flavorful things I've ever eaten - so intense, with the sourness, spiciness and crispy rice. The Nam Prik Ong was a bit more mellow, but still had plenty of flavor and lots of different textures thanks to the different dipping options.. . My wife doesn't like spicy food much, and got some chicken satay and pad thai - both were very tasty without being spicy, so they can definitely cater to any palette. Highest recommendation.
Such an awesome change from everything else in Vegas. The place has a cramped entry room, filled with photocopies of magazine reviews taped on the wall. It's located in a dingy strip mall with some other international-looking restaurants (Indian, Korean) and a pool hall.. . My only goal was to order things I'd never heard of and was sure I'd not find elsewhere. So, no pad thai or green curry for me here!. . o Mashed Jackfruit and Pork salad. (They held the pork though, since she's veggie.) It was odd, and one of those things I could hardly classify as animal / vegetable / mineral. Like nothing else I'd had... kind of sweet, kind of planty, a little bit oily. Winner.. . o I-ssam pork sausage. This was... well, just a pork sausage, cut up into parts. It came on a plate by itself, served next to a wedge of cabbage, some fried peanuts, hot peppers, and onion. I was expecting it to be in something, but I had ordered essentially at random, so I couldn't complain. I did get some tips on eating it afterwards from our very helpful server.. . o Green Dip with Chile and Mushroom. This was a surprise. It was a small bowl of what tasted similar to Hatch-style green chiles, with mushrooms, in a vinegar & spice sauce, with carrots and cucumbers for dipping / scooping. Very southwesty... in fact, the sort of thing you might see on the menu at some creative Santa Fe cafe. Except it's a native northern Thai dish! Total winner.. . None of these were mind-blowing dishes by themselves, but they were awesome in that they were different from anywhere else. This food is authentic (or at least not Americanized), it's cheap, the staff were great. The menu is huge and I will campaign strongly for a return visit next time I'm in Vegas.
Update: . . On my recent trip to Vegas my husband and I ate here two nights in a row. Yes, I will admit it's the best thai food I've ever had. Perhaps the best food I've ever had.
There's usually two schools of thoughts for Lotus.. . Most tourists enjoy it and are sold by the consistent TV plugs from Food Network and other social media.  If you talk to some locals, they'll talk about how overrated the food is.. . I'm definitely a fan of Lotus but encourage you to branch out and order mainly from the Northern Thai section which is what separates this place from anywhere else.  . . However the menu is like Cheesecake Factory with way to many selections which can be intimidating.  They should maybe provide pictures which would definitely help some of the novice Thai eaters.. . Stay away from the ordinary Pad Thai, Satay's and Curries and opt with the new selections because that's why Lotus shines.. . They also have a very pedestrian ABC Thai lunch special which is decent for what it is.
By far the best Thai food I have ever had.  If you visit or live in Vegas, this is a must visit. I would recommend not getting anything above a five in spiciness. Gotta get the soup, it is to die for.
I thought good Thai food could only be found in NYC. I was wrong. This place is amazing.. . Went here with a group of friends on a Saturday night - definitely suggest a reservation. The menu is extensive and has a Northern Thai section with dishes I haven't seen in any other thai restaurant. We tried a bunch of different appetizers and main dishes. All were perfect. Beware of the spice though - it's hot! The waiters will give you a choice of spiciness on a scale of 1 to 10.. . Our flight home wasn't until 11pm on Monday. We went here for dinner again on Monday. Great way to end a great trip!
Best Thai food in Vegas!!  You have to get past the sketch shopping center it's in though. A genuine "hole in the wall". . Get there early or you will have to wait a long time to get a table!. . Mango Sticky Rice is our absolute favorite!!
I love this place so much! I have been known to come here on multiple nights and skip some of the other trendy places for a good meal...it really is that GREAT!  We skipped Craft Steakhouse to come here a second consecutive night!  Anyone that I have taken here.....LOVES IT!  . . The way to do it....come here and eat!  Then go back to hotel get ready for the night out....have a few drinks towards the end of your getting ready time.  Then go out!  You will not be too full....feel perfect...and will be all fresh to go out for the night!!. . So...food:. . -Tom Yum-Clear broth soup is tasty. -LOVE Tom Kah Kai! Coconut soup...AWESOME!. -Garlic Prawn- AWESOME! SO great!  Everyone loves this!. -Crispy Duck with Chili Mint Leaves- Yummy! (I have also tried it panang style and I liked with Mint Leaves version better. -Catfish and eggplant are good too...but overall...the orders above are my faves so far.. . Can't wait to go back!!!
The food here is a religious experience! Lived up to and exceeded all the hype you'll find on the net.... . My co-worker and I split everything: Tom Kah Kai (Bangkok style, #23), NAM KAO TOD (interesting sour sausage and crispy rice app), Sea Bass (Drunken Noodle), and Crispy Duck (Penang).  Tony was our server and I will ask for him again by name next time I'm in Vegas. It's that good.. . We did a toast to each course because we could not stop talking about the food!  At first I wondered why the Riesling section of the wine list was like 3 times as big as all the other sections, and then halfway through dinner, and one bottle down, it dawned on me: because it pairs better with the intense spice of Thai food better than any other wine!. . Don't be sketched out about the strip mall location of the establishment.  It's part of the experience of finding it, and you will not soon forget your meal!  There's a reason why there are celebrity chef testimonials all over the walls...
Crispy Duck !!!!!!!!. The best !!!!!!!
Amazing!
This is the most authentic Thai restaurant in the US outside east Asia! We started with beef satay and as the peanut sauce and beef hit my taste buds it took me right back to Bangkok. Followed up with some fried tofu with an outstanding sweet chilli sauce. The crispy duck in Penang sauce was unbelievable... the truly crunchy outside and soft meat was unexpected. The chilli rating from 1 to 10 was an added plus. I like slightly hot -spicy and a chilli rating of 6 for the Panang chicken was just enough to make it uncomfortably good! Lastly, the mango and sticky rice was perfectly done, ripe mango with warm pudding like, slightly coconut flavored sticky rice. The beauty of Lotus is the subtle seasoning that differentiates the ordinary form the extraordinary. Portions were generous and service was very good. Don't be put off by the strip mall entrance... or the price ($70 with tip for two) as it is really "Thai" food.
About a week ago I was looking for a non-buffet place with affordable prices close to the Strip and thanks to yelp tried out this gem. It turned out to be the best Thai food I have had in the US. I started out with some Satay, which was juicy and well seasoned and even included a delicious sweet cucumber salad. My entree was a pork stew, which wasn't hot, yet still filled to the brink with spices. I would absolutely recommend getting the sticky rice with it. I also had a couple of spoons of Tom Yum Koong soup, and it was delicious but way too hot for me, probably the hottest one I have ever had, felt like a wildfire was building up in my mouth. If you like hot food though, you should give it a try. I was too full to get dessert, however I had some nice green tea that was done exactly right, so I left Lotus of Siam smiling happily and am planning to return next time I am in the area.
Don't judge Lotus by the gritty shopping plaza it's located in. This is the best Thai Food I have had in ages. I've lived in Vegas for 6 years and am truly upset that I have denied myself of this gem for so long. The biggest problem I had was trying to decide what to order. . Nam Prik Ong was amazing!!!!
Wow! This place was a gem after all the horrible food we had in Las Vegas. We were in town for 4 days and ate here twice. We had the papaya salad (which was amazing here) and a few curries. They are truly authentic and the service is also top notch. They give you space but are really attentive to what you need. The servers are also really kind and humble, true Thai style. My bf has a gluten allergy and asked the server for a recommendation. The server basically made him a speciality dish (mint, basil and mixed veggies) and it was so tasty. This place is up to par with the Thai food I've had in L.A, if not better. . . You must try! They get pretty busy on the weekends, so make a rsvp!
I went to Vegas for a short getaway from the hustle and bustle of my life.  On a Thursday night, 8/25/2011, I was looking for somewhere to go to dinner.  I didn't feel like going to a buffet because I just spent $90 on the Rio Village Seafood Buffet the night before where the food and service sucked!  So, I turned to Yelp to look for a good place off the strip, and found Lotus of Siam.  . . This place was a little hard to find on Sahara Blvd, but with my great sense of direction, I was able to find the place with no problem.  I was craving shrimp for the night, so I ordered the Drunken noodle prawn and Crab fried rice.  At first they brought out Drunken noodle soft crab.  Our waiter gladly took the wrong food back and shorty brought the right one out.  . . The moment I laid my eyes on the feast before me, I was blown away.  I have never seen shrimp deep fried this way where the shell and the shrimp were separated but still connected somehow.  The taste was heavenly and the spice level was perfect.  The crab fried rice was also good, not too oily and not too salty either.  The service was also great and fast.  I had my water filled without asking for it.  It was so good, I went back the next day for lunch.  . . Two thumbs up for the cook!!!!!!
Sets the standard for Thai food not just in Las Vegas but anywhere.. . Everything on the menu I have ordered over 10+ visits has been outstanding.  Thai-loving friends and colleagues from around the world are always blown away by this place.  . . 1)  Nam-Prik-Noom - this "dip" is spicy, pork- and green-chile goodness with all kinds of things to dip in this bowl of pure joy.. . 2)  Egg Rolls are outstanding.  Perfect balance of crisp inner and outer without a ton of grease.. . 3) Thai Pigs in a Blanket which are deep fried prawns wrapped in bacon deep fried.. . 4)  Curry curry curry - All of them.  I started with the Reds, then the yellow, then the green.  All are awesome.  Venture over to the Northern Thai curry menu for a different curries.  So yummy.  . . 5)  WINE - Their wine list is outstanding and reasonably priced--especially for Vegas.
Ono food! 20 minutes and a cramped $65 limo ride with 8 other people led us to this great restaurant off the strip!. . I mean, seriously. This is a gem hidden among the "real" Lost Wages.. . From the appetizers to the dessert, we were completely satisfied. It was a whirlwind night and I can't remember everything that happened but the food was delicious and the prices were reasonable.
My wife and I thought this place was great. We came with no reservations, and the hostess took our phone number so we could either go to the bar or leave during the 45 min wait. We walked around the "Around the World" strip mall and eventually got our call. (We call it that because you have Thai, Korean, American and Mexican themed restaurants and businesses all in one place). . . The waiter was probably what really made this place special. He had a great grasp on the extensive wine list (We ordered a bottle, and he confirmed to see if we knew what it was we were ordering...we did, but nice that he checked) and gave great recommendations so we could share dishes and have everything still pair nicely with the German Riesling. My wife had the Panang Curry (at an 8 spicy level, which she said was perfect) with noodles and I had the crispy duck with chili mint leaves. The noodles made for a messy meal, because the curry splashed around as my wife and I ate the noodles. The crispy duck was something I've been craving ever since, and may be in one of my top 5 meals ever.. . The food came quickly, and our waiter was always nearby if we needed anything. He also came and brought a bucket of ice for our wine - something unexpected at a Thai restaurant. When I ordered the mango with sweet sticky rice (a staple at most Thai places), I was pleased when he advised against it due to the mangoes not being fully ripe.. . Will definitely be eating here again. And again......and again.
Every time Im in vegas its a must that I stop by and eat at this amazing place.  "Dont judge a book by its cover" relates to this place. My friends constantly rave about this place and the first time ive been there I stepped outta the the car and remember saying "were gonna eat here" boy was I wrong.  This place is ammmmmaaaazing!!! We ordered the garlic prawns, beef in curry sauce and hot/sour soup and sticky rice with mango for dessert.  Servers were very nice and always refilled your drink even when you just take a sip.    Inside is very clean and chill and does not look anything like the outside.  Our meal for 4 was around $70 which beats the burger joint in Mandalay for $122!!!  I will be back!!!
This place was overall GREAT! I am in Vegas for a trade show and was recommended this place by my boss who had heard of it. Five of us shared a few appetizers and main dishes. We had a little bit of everything: soup, dumping, fried rice, pad thai, etc. A cool thing is they ask you how spicy you want it, so you can choose if you like it real spicy or not spicy at all. The waiters, even the hosts, really know their food. If you ask, they will recommend the best, and it truly is the best. I did visit their ladies restroom and I was very surprised to see a fabulously clean and well groomed restroom. Soap, toilet paper..everything was stocked. When you see the outside of the restaurant, you wouldn't necessarily think it was nice on the inside, but everything on the inside was professional including the waiters and hosts. I would definitely recommend checking this place out if you are in town.
Fantastic food, great service, great prices.  What a jewel in a city of gold.  Popular so book in advance.  Outside appearance misleading.
I eat here at least once a year, and every year, Lotus of Siam keeps getting better, as does their wine list . . . the food is truly exceptional, and the wine list is one of the best in the country, PERIOD, and easily the finest in any Asian restaurant I have ever seen.. . The "Greatest Restaurant in the World's Worst Strip Mall" Award continues to go to LoS!
Probably one of the best Thai places that I have ate.  Some other top contenders are New Krung Thai Restaurant in San Jose and Osha in San Francisco.  . . On the outside, this place looks real plain, nothing fancy, expecting a no ac and dirty kind of place.  But once you walk in, you see this nice temperature controlled wine cellar.  Then you see how large the restaurant actually is and that it is packed with people.  We made a reservation about 2 hrs in advance and had no problems getting it.  Once we arrived, they honored the reservation and led us immediately to our table.  I hate the places where you make a reservation, but still have to wait like everybody else.. . We got the spicy catfish with basil, crispy duck in panang sauce, Tod Mun Pla (deep fried fish-cak), and Tom Yum Kun soup.  We got everything medium, oh also, everything came in exactly as medium for me, its not one of those places where medium means, low to zero spicy.. . The Tod Mun Pla was great, I love the spicy sauce with cucumbers that came with it.. Tom Yum Kun soup was good, but was actually a little spicy for me.. The spicy fried catfish was real tasty and it stayed crispy till the end, I was expecting it to get soggy later on in the meal, but it stayed crispy.  . The crispy duck was also great, the only part of the duck that was crispy though was the skin.  It came with a panang sauce, which was good, we put that over our rice.  The duck was a little pricey though, about $21, was expecting it to be a whole duck, but was probably only half a duck.  But was still worth getting it.. . Overall, if I am in Vegas and feeling like eating Thai, I would come here.
I have had the pleasure to dine here several times in the last few years. Lotus has one of the best wine lists of any restaurant in the country. I am basing this observation based on how well the wines selected pair with their food and the buyer no doubt knows a lot about the best producers in Germany and France. I was floored to see several bottling's of AJ Adam on any one restaurants list. He is quite possibly the finest producer in the Mosel-Saar-Ruwer. Please do not drink them all before my next trip to Vegas!!. Maybe I should talk about food now..... The deep fried pompano fish with ginger and black mushroom sauce will make all the blood in your veins rush to a certain area of your anatomy with a different name depending on your gender. There are too many things on the menu to list but very hard to find one that is not mind blowing. Thank you LoS for providing such a great experience on the highway of life.
This is hands down the best Thai food restaurant we have ever been to and we have a seen a ton of them in our day. This was our second time and it's just fantastic. Wonderful menu with an unreal wine list. We rarely go to someplace twice in Las Vegas, but we will be back again and again. Gold star for best restaurant in the worst location you can think of. We now downlaod their menu and go over it to select our dishes at home so we know what to order when we get there. Don't forget to call ahead to make a reservation for dinner as the lines can be really long to get in on Friday and Saturday nights without one.
The chef of this place has bee described by the NY Times as the person with the best Thai restaurant in the country.  Really?  Yes.  Really.  In the middle of nowhere, in a strip mall in the desert?  Yes.  . . But no worries.  The chef knows this.  If you're here for a great Thai meal, the chef will come out to check you out.. . The sad thing about this place is that on a week day at lunchtime 90% of the people in the dining room (mostly locals from offices close by) were having the lunch buffet, something you can find in Ohio or any small town USA-ville.  Jesus Prakakorn NEVER gets any respect in his own home.. . Obviously order off the menu.. . The best Thai laab (we did the raw beef and pork), seafood soup, and curry ever.  Their wine list is so well-curated that the folks in the Mosel valley would be jealous of their encyclopedic riesling options.  Their rieslings are top-notch.  And it did pair so well with the spicy Thai food.. . 5 stars at every level.. . The chef needs to come back to Thai-town in Los Angeles.  There'd be 90% of us ordering off the menu and only 10% in the buffett line.
Food is everything it was hyped to be. Clear, sharp flavors and in particular the texture of the meats was just perfect. Boneless duck crispy fried to perfection, luxuriously melting short ribs that still didn't taste greasy, and dry sausage that was redolent of chiles and lime.. . Service was very good and our waiter knew the menu inside and out, answering every one of my questions. The service is also very fast.. . The inside of the restaurant is nice enough - not modern or hip in any way but nicer than your average Thai. The location is straight ghetto, but never fear, you'll be accompanied by a steady stream of taxis, limos, and others making the sojourn this many blocks from the Strip. It's not a secret, this place.. . The only flaw - a minor one in the scheme of things - is that the prices were a bit high for the amount of food ordered. The portions are quite modest. You will need to order at least one entree per adult and possibly more.. . Is this the best Thai I've ever eaten? I don't know - it was pretty darn good. And a lot of the dishes simply aren't available at your nearest Thai joint. Experiment a little - this is not the place to get panang curry and pad thai, even if they happen to be really good.. . This is a definite keeper, and we'll definitely be back next time we're in town.
I was wildly impressed with the OFF STRIP food on this trip to Vegas! This place is AUTHENTIC!!  I sat down and asked my waitress to send out what the chefs thought best. We ended up with one of the most extrordinary Thai dinners I've had anywhere...and I spend a lot of time eating in LA and Vegas, not to mention the 6 weeks in Thailand. This place is open late, the staff is friendly, expect a wait unless youhave reservations, but you can run next door and play pool while you wait! My advice, wander away from the Strip and eat like a local. Not only will you find some amazing food, you will save big bucks!
Doesn't look like much from the outside, but it's a really good Thai restaurant, maybe the best I've ever had.  And I live in LA where there's a Thai Town.  That crying shrimp dish is really good.  Even though it's generic, but probably the best Pad Thai ever.  We ordered the drunken noodles off menu.  It wasn't that great, but I was already really full by then.
The most delectible thai food on the planet. That is an understatement.... They have great fried eggrolls, yellow curry, and thai BBQ.
Best Thai Food Ever....
With a group of 10 we were able to order more than enough food to sample. . . Issan cooking is my favorite type of Thai fare and the dishes we ordered proved that the northern style dishes clearly won over the more traditionally Thai ones.. . I've eaten Thai for decades now, in Thailand, in various countries in Asia, in north America and Australia. I can honestly say, this is THE best Thai meal I've had, hands down, outside of Thailand.. . We had a huge array of dishes and my favorites were:. . Issan sausage -- these had great texture and the sauce wasn't overly sweet. . Pad Kee Mow -- the best I've ever had! the perfect amount of greasiness and spiciness. The noodles were slippery just the way they're supposed to be. . Chili and Mint Duck -- this surprised all of us. The portion was small but the crispy rice on the bottom was enough to send us off the edge -- it was THAT good. . Nuer Nam Tok -- a version of grilled beef but with toasted rice sprinkled all over giving the sauce a thick consistency which clung to the meat. Absolutely divine.. . I'm trying to gather a group to go to Vegas just to visit Lotus of Siam. It is so good I'm craving it right this moment!
For Vegas, you won't find a better Thai place than Lotus of Siam. Of course, getting there was a little difficult because it doesn't face the main street so there won't be any signs for it. You pretty much turn on a small street the directly connects to the plaza that Lotus of Siam is in. It doesn't look crackin' on the outside, due to the large unused lot, but once you step inside the venue, you'll see that the place usually has a full house around 7-9 PM. . . First of all, a must order is the Nam-Prik-Ong (Red Chili Dip under their Northern Thai Cuisine). It is a burst of flavor in every bite. The dip contains ground pork with various spices, and is eaten with sticky rice or fresh vegetables. After hearing about this dish from the all-famous, next Iron Chef Ming Tsai, I had to come to this place on one of my frequented trips to Las Vegas. And I have not stopped thinking about this dish since. Too bad its only an appetizer because I would definitely eat it as an entree if I could. . . We also had the Plar Koong, Nua Dad Deaw, Moo Yang, Tom Yum Kai, and various other dishes (went with a party of 8 hungry hungry hippos - JK, I love you guys). All of those dishes were great!! Just one warning though, if you get the soup and they ask you for what level of spicy-ness (1-10), don't say 7 unless you want to get your mouth seriously burned and engorged with capsaicin. That was the most spicy dish I've ever had. I bet the soup would have tasted lovely if it wasn't over powered by all that spice. But anyways, their food was still top notch for Las Vegas.
Went again in July 2011.. . Had the Nam Prik Ong as seen on Best Thing I Ever Ate.  We just thought it was okay.. . But got our garlic prawns, pad see ew and both were on point.  We added spicy chicken wings and my wife wouldn't share.  Love this place.
Went for dinner, make reservations!  We shared the popular crispy rice appetizer.  So many flavors, mint, ginger, garlic, spices, peanuts, I'm sure I'm missing some.  Be sure to order one.  . I got the cod, I believe it was black cod, steamed on top of steamed cabbage with a spicy pepper sauce on the side.  This was a pretty healthy dish, fish on cabbage I skipped the rice.  He got the duck in a panang curry.  These were huge pieces of duck, easily split this entree.  The duck was seasoned well and crispy from pan frying.  The curry was very good, and medium was a good level of pepper.  They were out of the mango with sticky rice, so we split the coconut ice cream.  The ice cream tasted homemade, chunks of coconut in it.. An awesome restaurant!
Ming Tsai was on a episode of the best thing I Ever Ate, on Food Network, so we tried this place, from the outside and neighborhood at night you think "NO WAY" risk it this place is GREAT! and it is huge inside looks throw you way off on this one.  Plus  Chef Tsai was right the Nam Prik Ong was fantastic!!  The wine list in this place is hands down impressive as well.  The service top notch, and prices were great as well, I feel sorry for the folks that pass this place up based on the looks from the outside.
I've eaten here many times and it continues to be wonderful with my favorite wine list in the country.
Great Thai food.  It was worth the cab ride.  This was my favorite place I tried in Vegas.  Go.
Although an elderly gent at the next table was literally having a heart attack while we were eating, I'm not going to blame it on the restaurant. The place is on another level in terms of Thai restaurants. A huge menu like Srirapathai in Queens but with some amazing specials. The ultimate yummy was a short rib penang that had to be the best Thai dish that I've ever eaten anywhere including Bangkok. the seafood is also good considering your in landlocked Vegas.
I've been here a couple times now and I simply cannot say enough about the quality of food. Their menu is immense but everything is of a very high quality. . . My favorite dishes thus far are the roast duck curry and the crispy duck drunken noodles (I am a sucker for duck). We've also had great success with multiple appetizers (BBQ chicken wings were great.....odd for a Thai place, I know) and soups. . . As others have said, the location is, um, interesting? Included at no charge are beggars in the parking lot. Don't let it scare you off though, the trip is beyond worth it.
The hype matched the food. My fiancee' and I had a great time and the service was good. The drunken noodle was amazing and  the sausage appetizer that was on food network was fantastic. I will be back soon.
I have eaten at many Thai restaurants across the US, and this is by far the best! The most interesting fact about Lotus of Siam, is the unassuming appearance of the restaurant from the outside. Located in a strip mall in a not-so-safe part of Vegas, the uninformed foodie could simply pass on the opportunity to indulge in the dining experience.. . The Nam-Prik-Ong (Red Chili Dip) with vegetables and sticky rice is a great starter to any meal, and is the recommended dish by the great Ming Tsai.. . Weekday lunch offers a great buffet at a reasonable price, and the wine list is top notch.. . Take a walk on the wild side of Vegas, and head over to Lotus of Siam ASAP!!
Best Thai food in the US.   Amazing dishes made with love!  Must try the crispy rice app and the short rib with noodles!
This place is a great Vegas adventure! If you want a change from $100+ per person meals on the strip, head to Lotus. It is a hole in the wall. as others have said. The food is outstanding, though. Take a group so you can try as many dishes as possible. Ask for Bill (chef's husband) to serve you. He knows his Thai cuisine and is passionate about wine.
My husband and I had dinner here last night. We have relatives that live in Las Vegas and have wanted to try this place for a while. The food was excellent - by far the best Thai food I have ever had in the USA, Europe, or Asia. (That said, while I have traveled in Asia - I have not been to Thailand.) In addition to great food - the wine selection was amazing. The wine list is very extensive and can be very expensive, but there are some bottles in the $30-60 range. (In other words, you can get a special bottle of wine, but you can also just buy a good bottle too.. . I can't wait to eat here again!  We definitely plan to go back before we head home to DC in a few days! (Maybe tonight? Or tomorrow?)
Amazing Thai food.  Hands down the best I've ever had.  For Apps, the Tom Kha soup (my fav Asian soup) is a great balance of all the right flavors.  The spicy chicken wings are sweet, spicy and herby all at the same time.. For entrees, I love the Sea Bass on drunken noodles.  Any version of the crispy duck is killer, esp the chili mint variety.  Red curry is usually my benchmark for a Thai spot and theirs is on point.  With spice levels from 1-10, they can please any palette, spicy or mild.  Just be ready to sweat if u go near 10.. For dessert, don't skip the fried bananas with coconut ice cream and sticky rice. It's the perfect end to a spicy meal. . All in all, Lotus of Siam is by far the best Thai I've ever had and I would strongly recommend leaving the strip for this James Beard nominated gem.
What a little gem! We ate lunch here before heading back home on a Monday afternoon. We arrived just as they opened at 11:30AM, and the place filled up very quickly. It was packed and there was a line by the time we left. . . We ordered the Nam-Prik-Ong, as recommended by Ming Tsai and based on the reviews, as well as the crispy duck over Panang curry. We had the coconut ice cream over sticky rice for dessert. The food was absolutely amazing! . . The Nam-Prik-Ong was the perfect blend of spices - savory with a warm spice. It comes with an assortment of things to dip (cucumber, cabbage, green beans, broccoli, cauliflower, fried pork rinds), and you can order a side of sticky rice to go with it. It's a perfect little appetizer. . . The crispy duck over Panang curry was the best crispy duck and Panang curry (separately) I have ever had. The duck is pan fried and has a tasty crisp on the outside and is tender and moist (without tasting fatty) on the inside. It wasn't gamey and tasted better than any chicken I've ever eaten. The curry was deliciously made with just the right amount of creaminess and spiciness. . . For dessert, we shared the coconut ice cream over sticky rice. The ice cream wasn't too sweet or overly coconut-y. The sticky rice was warm and "marinated" in a coconut milk mixture that gave it the tiniest bit of saltiness that complemented the ice cream beautifully. . . We went for lunch and there was a buffet for $9.99 per person. We decided to eat off of the normal menu because we wanted to experience what all the hype was about. We ended up spending a lot more between the two of us, but it was well worth it. . . The only thing I wish could've been different is the quantity of food. Although we were full at the end of the meal, it was so yummy that we wanted a few bites more. But that's probably just us being gluttonous.
Read the other reviews... then forget about the entrees on the menu. There's a super legit buffet here to enjoy.. . The buffet's during lunch hours only, 11:30am-2:00pm per the web site's menu, and we didn't need a reservation (although I hear it's way crowded on weekends and evenings). For $10, you can get awesome food that's very similar to their entrees. Even though the selection is small, I say quality beats variety in this case. The fried rice was almost perfectly moist and flavorful, and the chicken with broccoli tastes far different from the junk you get at your local chinese food joint. The pad thai (one of my favorites) looks the same as the pad thai entree except you don't get shrimp and whatnot, and the garlic chicken wings also seem to be prepared like the regular menu wings. Only difference was that I noticed the leg pieces were kinda dry, but the wing pieces weren't so bad.. . But the biggest surprise by far was the duck soup. It's hot, it's not too salty or bland, and it's filled with generous amounts of real chunks of duck meat. Yes, duck meat in a buffet. I might have seen that only once before, if memory serves, and that would've been at the pricey Wynn buffet. The only minor issues are that the soup is a bit into the moderately hot range - tough if you can't handle spicy at all, and easily noticeable if you're only semi-adjusted like me - and the bowls you apparently get to use are pretty small. Alas, I don't know if they'd provide larger bowls because I failed to ask.. . Oh yeah, there's also dessert items on that buffet island. The fried banana (they look like egg rolls) and slices of orange were both yummy. I didn't have much time to try more, but I could gorge on fried banana and oranges all day alone.
I don't even know where to begin!!! Just a heads up, some of their food is a bit pricey, not all. For the amount, it's pretty good.. . I came for the lobster. Okay, well, at least that's what I intended on ordering before I heard the price and the amount! 5 lbs??? OMG! Maybe when I bring a few extra mouths to feed it'll be worth it, but for hubby and I, it was just too much...considering we wanted to order more than one dish.. . I will be back for this one day.... **Lobster-5lbs-$100**. . So, instead we ended up ordering:. . Golden Prawns=LOVED IT, WANT MORE, YOU MUST ORDER!!! HECK, ORDER 2!!! . Crispy Duck on Drunken Noodles=THIS WAS ANOTHER FAVE! YUMMY!! Duck over thick rice noodles.. Thai Beef Salad-Didn't really like. It was too saucy for me.. Hor Mok Sea Bass-Yeah, not a real fan of this either. No comment.. . One thing I really hoped for was free refills on their thai tea. There's a couple of places where I live that offer unlimited refills (which keeps bringing me back). While the food is pretty good here, unlimited refills would be the cherry on my sundae.. . Things to remember:. 1. Make reservations (esp if you're coming in a large group). 2. The back of the restaurant faces the street. So you won't see the entrance until you drive into the parking lot.. . Check out my pics!. http://what2eatz.blogspot.com/2011/12/lotus-of-siam.html
This is probably the best Thai food you can find in the US. We had the Penang Curry, Garlic Shrimp, Barbecued Shrimp, and Soup ... The curry is incredibly complex with a multitude of flavors. We could not get enough of this stuff. The Garlic Shrimp was flawless and cooked perfectly to perfection without being oily.  The barbecued shrimp is served with two sauces one being spicy and sour, the other sweet.  Our waitress Tammy was very helpful and gives great recommendations.
This place has a Northern Thai focus which is great cause you can find dishes here that are hard to find other places. I don't think I have eaten at a better Thai restaurant in my life.
I had a very hard time every day in Las Vegas  trying to decide whether to eat at Lotus or Komal.  Life is just brutal sometimes.  I could MOVE to vegas just to be near them.
My brother's Thai friends recommended that I try Lotus of Siam because they said it was one of the best outside of their motherland. And you know what? It's not just them that recommend this place because famous chefs such as Jonathan Gold and Susan Feniger rave about this place as well. It's no wonder that they have been nominated for the James Beard award again and again. Just remember though that because this place is so good, you may want to call ahead and make a reservation unless you want to wait 45 minutes to an hour. . . Despite the swanky acclaim, let me warn you that the restaurant is way off the Strip and from the outside it looks like a hole-in-the-wall restaurant. In fact, Lotus of Siam is in the original Asian enclave of Las Vegas off of East Sahara Avenue near downtown so don't expect it to be glittery nice like the new Chinatown along Spring Mountain Road. Regardless, I like being in this rundown part of town because it reminds me of the old Las Vegas before all the dazzling excess when the best hotel in town was the Dunes.  . . Lotus of Siam is a Thai restaurant, but its real specialty is Isan-style food. Isan is a region of Thailand that is located in the northeast portion of the country and is bordered by Cambodia and Laos. If only I had known when I was in Thailand because Isan-style cuisine is fucking delicious! . . Unlike traditional Thai food that people are probably accustomed to which is more sour and sweet, Isan-style cooking is more garlicky and spicy. The only way to describe the uniqueness of Isan-style Thai food is to compare it to the Peranakan "nyonya" cuisine  of Malaysia/Singapore due to its blending of traditional Thai flavors with Cambodian and Laotian influences and to the Korean food from Cholla Province, due to its spicier and more pungent flavors.. . So on Christmas Eve, our party of four ordered five dishes because the portions are a bit smaller than your normal Thai restaurant. We ended up ordering the standard noodle dishes of chicken pad thai and beef pad see ew as well as a really tangy papaya salad. I literally wanted to drink the papaya salad marinade because it was so fucking good. For the proteins we ordered moo yang (marinated charbroiled pork) and nua yum katiem (charbroiled beef marinated with garlic and hot sauce that is served on top of Thai cole claw). . . All the dishes were tasty, but my favorite was the Isan-style nua yum katiem. The beef had just the right amount of spicy flavors and mixed with the cole slaw, the combination was so good that I ended up drowning my rice in the sauce. . . At the end of the day, Lotus of Siam shines because it offers Isan-style Thai food. If you come here ordering just the normal Thai dishes, you may not enjoy this place for what it truly is. I will definitely will be returning. Saep lai lai!
This is a true Thai restaurant. Authentic and affordable. We were in Vegas for only four days. We loved this restaurant so much that we went back again before we left. We ordered the tom yum koong, chicken in mint sauce, shrimp spicy fried rice and drunken noodles. All were delicious. We will visit this restaurant again.
My mother is a Food Network afficionado, so of course, after hearing that many of her favorite celeb chefs have been to this restaurant, we had to check it out.. . Don't let the outside fool you (we almost didn't enter because of how sketchy it looked at night).  It is great inside.. . Dishes for dinner are all in the $20+ range.  A bit pricier than I'm used to for Thai, but it was fine because the quality of the dishes was excellent.. . That said, I didn't LOVE absolutely every dish.  The Nam Kao Tod, which everyone raves about, wasn't anything special to me.  Crunchy, spicy, and good, but nothing to write home about.  The pad thai was also very good, but again, nothing to get excited over.. . Why the 5-star review then?  Because the dishes that did stand out were AMAZING.. . The Garlic Prawns (you eat them shell and all) were a real surprise.  I hadn't intended to order them, but our friendly and patient waiter recommended them when I was floundering with my dish choices.  Holy smokes!  My FAVORITE dish of the night.  So light and crispy, I actually ended up liking the shells more than the meat of the shrimp!. . The Sea Bass over Drunken Noodles was PERFECTLY cooked- super moist and flavorful.  I'd have this any day of the week and twice on Sundays.. . The Crispy Duck in Panang Curry was so flavorful and fatty.  Mmmm... Definitely rich though, so don't order this if you're feeling like something light.. . The braised beef was... wow.  Melt-in-your mouth good.  This, like the prawns, was suggested to me by our waiter, and I'm so glad I went with his recommendations.. . Last but not least - the wine.  We had a delicious reisling (surprise, surprise - recommended by the waiter).  It was so good that we took the bottle with us to a nearby liquor store to buy some more.
Mmmmmm Mmmmmmmm good.. . I read about Lotus of Siam on Yelp before we went and had noted some of the favourite dishes.  We ordered the CRISPY DUCK with PANANG - Crispy duck topped with Thai style red cream curry sauce with cognac. - 20.95 (under "Chefs Choice") and drunken noodle with sea bass which the table beside us was enjoying.  . . We also ordered a spicy rice dish and it was SPICY!!!  The food was incredible and even the wine recommendation was great.  Their wine selection is extensive but I think the wine is really kept in a cellar - our red wine was very very cool.  It was not a cheap meal for Thai food but was a great price for an incredible meal.. . The place does look sketchy from the outside and is apparently not in a great neighbourhood but it was $15 in a cab from The Wynn.  We asked them to call a cab for us when we were ready to leave so we didn't have to wait outside.  . . I would definitely recommend Lotus of Siam.  Bring your friends, try something different, maybe even something a bit spicy.  You won't regret it.  And if you have tried Thai food before you will not be disappointed - I promise.
Lotus of Siam is definitely by far the best Thai food i've had so far. The service was great and the people were so nice. I came here with a party of 9 and we had to wait about 40 minutes until we were seated. We had some time to look through the menu and figure out what we wanted to eat. Let's just say that we ordered the entire menu! Everything we ordered was really good except for maybe 2 dishes that I could have done without. . . Appetizers:. - Som Thum Papaya Salad: loved it!. - Tom Ka Kai (soup): Coconutmilk with chicken and mushrooms. I could have done without this. There wasn't anything special about it. It was really really sour. I would much rather prefer the Tom Yum Soup. . Entrees:. - Garlic Prawns. - Pad Thai. - Drunken noodle seafood. - Pineapple fried rice- Didn't have as much flavor as I expected =(. - Crab fried rice. - Chicken Red Curry. - Braised short ribs with panang- Amazing!! My favorite dish from here!. - Sea bass on drunken noodle. - Crispy duck w/ chili mint leaves. . We ordered more but I can't seem to remember them all. This is a place you must try when you go to Vegas. Oh and the Thai Tea is good too!
I've had thai food all over the world and this is as good as any there is.  Add a world class selection of wine and this is as sure a bet there is in Vegas!
Service: 4 stars. Setting: 3.5 stars (after remodel recently). Food:  5 stars is NOT enough. Value: 5 stars. . I live with 3 Thai restaurants within 3 blocks of my loft, highly rated.  I've now been RUINED... RUINED I say... to other Thai restaurants.. . BTW, If you drove by this place without knowing about it,  I guarantee you would keep driving.. . But it is simply one of the best Thai restaurants in the world.. . My party of 6 dined like kings and queens on course after course... and had a $90 bill at the end of the night.. . I couldn't pronounce or spell the dishes, so I won't embarrass myself by trying.  Read the reviews at the entrance, on the wall, while you wait, and then order those dishes.  You will NOT be disappointed.. . Best thing we had was some crispy rice appetizer, which blew our minds.  If you see anything that resembles that, order it.. . I go to Vegas maybe once a year.  I'm not exaggerating when I say that I will eat at LEAST two dinners there per 1 week stay, for years and years to come, at Lotus of Siam.
Amazing Thai Food. I had the sliced and fried catfish. They used a bunch of fresh herbs and it came with green mini eggplants and peppers. So good. I ordered spice level 8 (They go from 1-10) and I started sweating. . I'll be back next time when I'm in Vegas. Forget all those overpriced hotel restaurants - this is the place to go. . And I might want to mention that they have an award winning wine cellar (Wine Spectator) - not bad for a restaurant where you can get a dinner for 9 bucks.
The food is great and full of bursting flavor. This is the best Thai food I ever had in Las Vegas. Make sure to make a reservation, this is a popular destination .
Regardless of location this is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Great food in a nice calm environment. Very cozy place & always a good experience. Right next to it is my favorite Tai restraunt in town though. Kohmels! That place is even better in my opinion.
This is the best Thai restaurant in North America.  Hands down.. . I consider myself a Thai food fanatic- and had friends in Las Vegas who constantly were bragging that they had the "best thai restaurant"...  Thinking I knew everything- I doubted them, and was proved wrong.. . My first visit had me quite surprised when we walked into the storefront in a dilapidated strip mall to meet a huge glass wine cellar, world-class service, and killer food.. . I had the Pad Thai on my first trip as that is always a safe bet... it was quite good- but the soups, and appetizers really blew me away.  My buddy ordered his favorite, the #58 which I tasted and immediately had bad food envy.  . . My second trip I ordered this and it was as good as I had remembered.  On this trip, I brought my CEO, and several colleagues...  One of which being a major foodie.  They were all flabbergasted.  My CEO said several days later that he would never be able to order Scallops again as they could never top Lotus... . I will simply not go back to Las Vegas without eating at Lotus of Siam.  Cannot recommend it more highly.
This update contains two potentially useful bits of info.. . If you read my last review, you might wonder how this place could get better. In fact, when I brought an out-of-town friend here today for lunch buffet, it started off looking worse. It seems like they rotate soups from day to day for their lunch buffet (#1: note to self: consider calling ahead). No duck soup for me this time... however, the "beef noodle" soup (no, it's not pho) that they served today was pretty good.. . Also, I was not aware of their short lunch hours. They close at 2:30pm, I believe (#2: arrive early), so we were cutting it a bit close when we got there around 2. As we neared the end of our meal, however, the manager (perhaps the co-owner?) did something very nice. Actually, two things. First, he was kind enough to warn us that lunch service was ending soon, so we should pick up additional food if we wanted to. Several minutes later - and I'm not sure if he overheard us talking about this - he offered us some fried banana dessert fresh from the kitchen. We accepted this offer and enjoyed some hot, crunchy, sweet goodness.
Best thai in Vegas!
This is my first five star review ( actually 4 1/2, but yelp doesn't do halfsies, lol) my friend micheal, picked this spot, and I was wary of his choices,( due to the SF Chinatown incident, )and upon walking in we were the only people there, so I wasn't expecting much, but we were seated promptly & courteously. I wasn't familiar with much of the menu, and many dishes had oyster sauce of which I'm allergic to, but the waiter was patient and understanding and gave us some suggestions. The tum yum soup with chicken ( # 4 on his spicy scale was recommended ) it was amazing !! ,beautifully spiced , nice presentation if u r dining with 3 or more guests get the big one for a few dollars more it feeds 4 !! Big pieces of chicken and tons of mushrooms and tomato !! Next came the chicken satay, very tasty !! Than the crying tiger , thinly sliced beef it was awesome but served cold, ( as I'm not familiar with the dish, it is said that that is how it normally is served) but could have used a little warmth for my taste! Very soon our entree arrived basil crispy pork!! I could just die!! It was awesome! I requested no oyster sauce and they said they cooked it in soy sauce and chili sauce!! But the flavor was absolutely amazing!! Also the green curry was great , a little to sweet for my taste, but request the chili tray , so u can spice things up to your liking, my friend micheal ordered the minced chicken 15 star spicy, which I didn't try , but made my friend cry!! Micheal loves his spicy food!! Lol we finished by sharing a banana cheese cake which was the perfect compliement to an already great meal!! And as for micheal he has redeemed himself!! Altogether for 4 courses and soft drinks it was 35$ per person including tip!! I will definitely be back!!
Do not be put off by the location of this place, it is a hidden jewel. I have eaten Thai food in many different cities but I have to say this place tops then all. I had Koy Soy, basically steak tartar, and it was awesome. . I do suggest reservations, this place gets crowded. And fair warning, they only hold the reservation for 10 mins past your time. My group of 8 were 15 mins late and we ended up waiting 20 mins or so for tables...but it was well worth it.. Next time I am in Vegas for CES I will eat here again.
I LOVE THAI FOOD! And when it comes to Lotus of Siam, this is as good as it gets! The location is a little sketchy, but believe me when I tell you this: It's a hidden gem in the cuts of Vegas!. . I've been here during my last two Vegas visits and won't ever come to Vegas again without visiting this place!!. . Pad Thai. Panang Curry- I got a level 5 spiciness and it was SO good. I love spicy though so maybe get a 3 or 4 if you want mild/medium.. Garlic Prawns. Drunken Noodles. Coconut Icecream. Thai Ice Tea. . ALL 100000 STARS :) I'm coming here again in February and I am so excited!
This restaurant is exquisite!  I was recommended to this establishment by a sommelier who said they had a rare and incredible wine list including the best Riesling in the world.  I was nothing short of amazed.  I had an incredible bottle of wine and the best Thai food I've ever had.
The price is fair and the food was delicious! . . The place gets packed at night even if it's in a really segregated plaza. I suggest you get there early just to get your order in earlier! . . There was quite a huge break from the appetizer and the main dishes. That would be my only complaint. I'm guessing they are short on staff or just can't produce as fast as we all order. . . I am really picky with my Thai food because I don't like the Americanized versions. So, for me to give it a five stars mean it's well worth it!!!
Thanks to my Brother, Chris, for his suggestion.  A wonderful meal.  This was a highlight.  The waitress suggested Tom Kah Kai  as a first course (#23 on the soup menu).  What a wonderful coconut mild based soup.  Sweet, sour, salty and spicy all competing for my palate.  I have never experienced such a complex tasting soup.  I would recommend this soup to everyone. . . Lotus of Siam gets top ratings.
Hmmm where is this at again? Commercial Cntr on Sahara? Isn't that location kinda sketchy? But I'm glad she was persistent and got me to go because it was one of the best hidden treasure this part of Vegas I did not know about at all. I wouldn't say hidden because this place was packed and very popular with the locals and I, being a native of Cali, this place was a good find.. . I'm not familiar with Thai food at all so I had to yelp it to see what people craved here. Only thing I knew on the menu was pad tai noodles.  Nam Kai Tod was a good appetizer to begin with. Some sort of sweet crispy brown rice. You have to try this if you have not before.  My partner in crime ordered the glass noodle salad which had a very lime taste to it.  I love sour food and the flavor was just perfect.  It's not an appetizer but it might as well be because even an anorexic can't get full from the amount of glass noodles that was served.  Best to order one for yourself instead of having to share it just as I and my friend did.  Next on the line was the drunken seafood noodle. I'm not very good in describing flavors but I'm just here to tell you this was freaking delicious. It gave many options of flavors in one plate, from shrimp to muscles and the noodles in it.  And the last was the dessert! Damn I've never had one this good. Coconut ice cream on sticky sweet rice. One word to describe this is, can I have some more!? Alright it wasn't one word but you know what i mean.. . The only sour taste that came out from this was I had to pay for her too. Wtf, she's my ex, haven't the rules changed? I ain't gotta pay for you no more, but I hate looking like cheap boyfriend in front of the server because we look like we're on a date.  . . Definitely give this place a try, especially if you're an out of towner because this place has won many food critics and awards.
We cabbed it here from the Vdara and it was almost about 20 bucks.  This better be some damn good thai food.  20 bucks is like a whole hand of blackjack and that means a lot to my asian blood.. . Anyhoot, we arrive at a non-descript strip mall in the middle of no where.  I didn't even notice the restaurant and asked the cab driver 'Are you sure this is it?' because he dropped us off at an indian restaurant next door to lotus of siam.  we finally walk in and instantly surprised by the size and decor of the place.  it's got a nice wine section and the restaurant was packed for a Sat night.  Reservations only so call ahead to be sure they have space.. . On to the food.  Literally the best mussaman curry I've ever had.  I'd pay that same 9 or 10 dollars just for the curry sauce with a bowl of white rice.  just enough heat on the curry and the beef was super tender.  We also the old stand by pad see ew, except this was the best I've ever had.  noodles still had nice life to them (weren't sauteed until it was mush) and the greens were fresh and crunchy with a tart bite.  Loved those two plates.  We had also had the garlic shrimp and beef salad.  both were very good, but not outstanding like the pad see ew and mussaman curry.  The weakest dish was the appetizer.  It was the nam kao tod (the crispy rice appetizer everyone raves about).  It was ok/good for me.  Has a strong salty/sour flavor component with the crispy rice texture.  Good when eaten with the garnish, but still overpowering with the salt.. . Overall, awesome thai food.  Take a couple of green chips from the blackjack table and stash them away in your pocket.  might be fun gambling it on cards, but for that same amount of cash, you're guaranteed some awesome thai food off the strip and that's a win in of itself.
order this -- KOONG SARONG and NAM KAO TOD everytime for an app. trust me this place is the best thai food ever.................and theres over 1000 wines on the wine list.
Yes... It was as good as the ratings suggest. Better in fact.. I live in AZ, and I am so sad I can't come here daily.. IT WAS F'ING AMAZING!
We drove here for the final night of our Vegas trip.  We generally like to eat off the strip mainly because the food on the strip isn't that good and fairly expensive.  Leaves more money for gambling.  The restaurant is located more north and to the east of the main strip.  . . The restaurant doesn't look like a restaurant, it was in some old store that got converted.  The windows were all painted or covered.  The area appears to be bad, but the food was great.  Ate here with 2 Thai people and they loved it.  The food was authentic.  If we found this restaurant earlier, we would've eaten here more often.
Best Thai Food in Vegas. . Awful & scary neigberhood. . Expect Great Food, ok Service & really High prices!. Sticky Rice with mango is to die for.
The Wall-Of-Fame says it all!! A must eat restaurant!!
Food: Exceptional. A more refined take on traditional Thai cuisine.. . Service: Nothing to write home about.. . Ambience: Feels a bit crowded. Waiting area is tiny.
Hallelujah, I think I've finally been converted to a Lotus of Siam fan. I have been to Lotus of Siam on two previous occasions and have not been impressed. I'm the first to admit that I don't believe I ordered the right things on my previous visits, so I take ownership of that. . . I came here this evening with my fella. It was his first visit and he was excited to finally try the famous Lotus of Siam. He's a big fan of Komol, so he wasn't sure Lotus could top it. We arrived around 8:45 and there was an estimated 30 minute wait. We were seated in less than 20 minutes, thankfully. Once seated, our server was extremely attentive and friendly from start to finish. There wasn't a moment that our drinks went unfilled. He checked back on us often, so that helped give them an extra star as well. . . On to the food. Having had two previous less than spectacular visits here, I was on a mission to find the right food to eat here. I had heard so many great things about the nam kao tod, so that was a must try. We also ordered the drunken noodle with prawns and the choo chee duck. The food came out quickly and the food portions were incredibly generous. The spice level was no joke. I had heard they were famous for spice, so we ordered a 5 to stay on the safe side. We typically order a 7 or 8 at other restaurants, but we were very glad that we erred on the side of caution. The flavors were amazing. The name kao tod had the perfect flavors and texture. The drunken noodle were also terrific. So was the choo chee. The duck was cooked perfectly and I loved the sauce. . . Lotus definitely more than converted me to a devotee this evening. It'll definitely become a regular on the Thai rotation again, I'm excited to say. I already have a list of other delightful delectables I'm looking forward to trying on my next trip.
Every good thing you've heard and read about LOS is true.. . I am back from my latest jaunt to Viva and finally had a chance to dine at LOS.  We went during lunch.  At first I wanted to try the buffet, but thought better of trying the authentic Thai that I've always wanted to try.  Besides, the buffet had limited traditional dishes that I could get at Panda Express.. . No, I wanted the real deal.  And I got it.  To start, we had the Beef Satay.  The peanut sauce was awesome, a bit spicy and flavorful.  The cucumber salad was crunchy and fresh.  Then the spicy chicken wings.  Why?  Why can I never make these at home?  The sweet-spicy garlic chile sauce was great and the wing itself was crunchy and hot.  Just like it is supposed to be.  I could have made a meal from that alone.. . On to the entrees:. . MEE KROB RAD NA-Crispy egg noodle topped with straw. mushroom, vegetable and gravy. I had it with chicken and it was so good.  even when I pushed it aside, I was still eating from the bowl.. . MOO YANG-Marinated charbroiled pork, served with spicy sauce.  Without the spicy sauce, it was a star.  With the sauce, it rang out with high notes.. . The service was attentive and warm.  I absolutely enjoyed the experience and will return.  Don't let the area deter you from this gem.
Yes it takes a while to get in if you don't have reservations and the decor is not top notch. The food on the other hand... Is it tasty? Yes. Is it authentic? Yes! Try their Northeastern style Thai food, it's so good!
Went back with a close friend who never has been to las vegas and wanted to see a local place and he was very impressed with the food and wine list. amazing again.. service was attentive enough without being over bearing. went on a monday night around 545 and by the time we left at 715- it was packed.
Somewhere I have heard Lotus of Siam touted as the best Thai restaurant in North America.. . As audacious a statement as this is, I don't think it's too far from the truth.  And people in the area seem to agree.  It can be difficult to get in on any given night.. . . . If you can get in, I suggest you start out with the following:  . . . 19. TOM YUM KUNG-Hot and sour with shrimp, lime juice, lemon grass & straw mushroom.  . (LEAPS AND BOUNDS BETTER than any Tom Yum you'll have ever tried before!). . Then order the delectable spicy charbroiled shrimp:  . . 52. CHARBROILED PRAWN-Topped with fresh chili, garlic and lime sauce. . (Spicy flavors like nothing you've EVER tasted before!). . . . You will see exactly what I'm talking about.  . . Move on to order anything from this magnificent menu which includes many Northern Thai / Issan dishes you don't often see anywhere else, and you will no doubt enjoy it.. . . This is easily the best Thai food I've ever had outside of Thailand...  and this maybe even includes food I've had IN Thailand.. . The only slightly negative thing I noticed was that the wait staff, though quite friendly, was not very attentive.  Service isn't a strong point here.. . But call for reservations... and/or go early to avoid crowds.  You won't regret it.
Excellent food! This may be the only restaurant in Vegas that I'd leave 5-stars for.. . The garlic shrimp was very tasty, whole fish, papaya salad, and tom yum soups were also excellent. Medium heat was still pretty spicy so watch out.. . Make reservations before you go, especially Friday and Saturday. Wait time was very long without reservation.
Absolutely incredible Thai food. Trust me - I don't give many five star reviews and lotus deserves every single one of them. Haven't found a better Thai place in NY, Boston, or San Francisco (and it's not even close). . . I've had the garlic prawns (dreamy dish, HUGE shrimp, crispy shell), tom yum (deep, sour lemongrassy flavor), crispy duck penang (awesome though small for what you pay - maybe 8 strips of fried duck with sauce for over $20. devoured it), soft shell crab drunken noodle (really good), sea bass noodle (absurdly delicious), and more. I hear the dessert is really good too. . . Don't miss out on this place. Also, if you don't enjoy heat ask for level 2 (of 10). Don't go above 3 unless you want a hot dish. 6+ will knock your socks (and palate) off.
Definitely worth the drive off the strip!  Our group of 7 have eaten there two years in a row and we let the waiter order for us both times.  Different entres each time and all were excellent!
Took a business colleague here for a working dinner. I won't try to remember the names of what we ordered, except to say that it was flavorful and delicious.. . What really knocked us out is that the service was in top 5% of places I have ever been to, and that includes some high end Michelin-rated places.. . A great experience, great food and EXCEPTIONAL service. I'd go again in a minute.
Best Thai in Vegas and really anywhere else. Like every great thai restaurant the service sucks. But the food is amazing and wine list is ridiculous. Insane german riesling selection which pairs amazing with spicy foods.. Best Ever - Crispy Rice, Sea Bass, Shrimp In Shell, Sticky Rice and basically everything else but these definitely stand out.
Best Thai food I've ever had. We came for dinner and it was so good that we grabbed lunch here before we skipped town. . . Service was friendly. They gave good suggestions. . . The hot and sour soup had my mouth on fire for 10 minutes though.
The claim that this is the best Thai food outside of North America is no exaggeration. Fourish years ago I visited Thailand for a school sponsored trip and have been searching for decent Thai food ever since in the states and have failed miserably time and time again.  Every restaurant either lacks spice in their food (which is absolutely essential for this cuisine) or is simply way too greasy for consumption. But Lotus of Siam's dishes are nice and spicy, fresh, and well prepared. Even better, there are items on this menu that I have not seen anywhere else since I've been back from Thailand. When I was there I ordered the beef jerkey as an appetizer, sea bass, and sticky rice for dessert. All were very tasty, and I must mention that the sea bass literally melted away in my mouth. All in all I am very glad I came here during my trip in Vegas. Totally worth the cab ride (its off the strip) but only five minutes away. . . As a sidenote though, MAKE SURE YOU MAKE A RESERVATION. Even in the middle of the week they are completely packed for dinner andlunch. Don't miss out!
The best Thai food I had in long time.  I started with Sa-Tay of chicken.  Very good pickle vegetables and a delicious peanut sauce.  I enjoy it immensely.  My girlfriend had the Tom Yum Kai.  She really enjoyed the soup.  I was lucky and got to try it before she ate it up.  I agree, the soup was great.. I had the drunken seafood noodles with spice level of 7.  It was spicy but satisfying.  The food was delicious and the spicy sauce was incredible.  We came pretty late but service was still very good.  Definitely, will be back again.
Get soup. Share as many dishes as possible.  Crispy duck!
This extensive creative Thai restaurant is well known by locals and west coast celebrities as proven by pictures on the wall. The menu offers all of the standards plus pages and pages of more authentic fare as, for example, a section devoted to Northern Thai. Just when the customer thinks its too good to be true the carts travel through the dining room for other diners. everything has a WOW factor. everything. and surprise surprise the entre prices are between 10.00 to 25.00 and the portions are generous. Also generous is the use of aromatic herbs and vegetables.. . Dont be put off by the location. They open at 5.30 and the dining room is full by 6 every evening of the week.. . Despite the competition of all the 5 star restaurants in Las Vegas this one is in our top 5.
Hidden Gem in Las Vegas!. During your next trip to Vegas, I highly suggest you venture off the strip to a ghetto strip mall in a dumpy area full of transients. When you arrive inside Lotus of Siam, you will be pleasantly surprised. This place is casual, family friendly, spacious, clean, and has great service. . You will not find better Thai food anywhere in the world unless you're in Thailand. . It's been deemed year after year as the best Thai restaurant in North America, and that's no exaggeration. . . I ordered the Panang Crispy Duck Curry, Beef Pad See Ewe, and Stuffed Chicken wings. Each dish was a flavor explosion, and culinary delight. Prices are very reasonable, and affordable. . . We took our rental car here from the strip and it's a quick easy 10 minute drive. Otherwise, it's probably about a 20 dollar cab ride each way.
I have never been to Vegas and not eaten at this restaurant. Do not let the fact that it is in a strip mall scare you off! It is one of my all time favorite places.. . Do not get the buffet! Don't get me wrong-everything on the buffet is good but the menu items are spectacular. Ordering off the menu is worth the wait! Ordering one of the Northern Thai menu items is a must. My friend ordered the ribs and they were heavenly. You can pass the time by choosing a wine from their incredible wine list. The service is friendly and attentive! By the way, they started taking AMEX again!! Yippee!
Amazing place.  My soup, beef satay and chicken pad tai were outstanding.  Do whatever it takes to eat here the next time you're here in Vegas.
Its also about the wine list!. . Together the food and wines are a match made in heaven.. . Second time dining at this exemplary Thai restaurant. If you order right, its insanely authentic. Ordered hot at level 8: dry chicken wings, soft shell crab drunken noodles, raw shrimp with insane dips, braised short ribs in a curry. . . The Headline is GERMAN WINES!. Rare is the place that has a decent German wine selection. Here in a North Vegas strip mall lies a true treasure trove. From super dry GGs all the way through TBAs.  Rieslings from all regions, vintages and prices. Page after page of a list that puts pretty much all others to shame. Perfect provenance as demonstrated by the huge glass cellar for available wines. (Undoubtedly there is an offsite too). . Mark-up on the wines is surprisingly soft considering.. . And if you don't know what wine to go with, no worries. The Somm is totally relaxed and helpful. Most people are intimidated by German labels, the only label more confusing than Burgundy, so the Somm will take the time to walk you to your bottle.. . So drag yourself off the strip and enjoy a rare experience of the sublime and surreal, locals and smart visitors alike. Those who know go. Again and again.
Like this place needs another 5 star review.  Lame I know.  But I will chime in.  This place has been built up to me for about 5 years, I love Thai food, I was expecting to be let down in some way.  . . I wasn't.. The service, was spot on, it's food was phenomenal and interesting, not just your generic thai menu with pad see eu and 5 types of curry.  . . We ordered a bottle of kabinett riesling, their wine list is ridiculous btw.  We had their crispy rice appetizer which might have been one of my favorite dishes ever.  We ordered their green chile dip, very spicy which we loved, served with crispy pig skins :)  Our entrees we had one of the crispy duck preparations, I forget which one, and a charbroiled prawn dish.  . . I loved it so much I am taking my family there Sunday when they are in town.  I plan to order the crispy rice and try some new things, although that duck might have to be ordered again.
Loved this place... its off strip but worth the drive out here.. . The crispy duck was awesome with tons of flavors and an awesome sauce.  The garlic shrimp was unique as you can eat the entire shrimp (shell and all) since they fry the shell and it melts in your mouth when you eat it!. . The only cons I would say was the service was spotty at times as it took 10-15mins to even get waiter to order.  But once we did get the waiter, we had pretty good service afterwards.. . The portions are smaller than average but then again what they make up for portions, they gain in flavor and quality.. . I would suggest ordering 2 dishes & appetizer or 3 dishes for a party of two.. . It is a little more pricier than the average thai place but well worth it!
Excellent fresh Thai food.  Do not let the looks of the outside of this place fool you.
This is my favorite Thai restaurant I have ever been to! The crispy rice appetizer is so yummy and I have dreams about it. I come here every time I go to Vegas. Now don't expect this place to be a fancy schmancy restaurant off the Vegas strip, but you will get better food for less $$. Now their spice gauge is spicier than the typical mom and pop Thai restaurants that cater to white people. So if you don't like spicy tell them low and if you like spicy a 7 cause that was really hotttttt...  Love love this place if you like Thai come here!
have i been to enough thai restaurants to dub this the best thai restaurant in america (like many critics have)? absolutely not.. . is it the best thai food i've ever had? absolutely. just go.
Great Thai food.  Tom Kha Kai soup, crispy rice, spicy glass noodle salad, and pineapple fried rice were noteworthy.  . . Service is quick, although you have to wait for a table.
Another great experience at Lotus.  Have never had a bad meal here.  Would reccomend the deep fried Red Snapper with the sweet and spicy sauce.  Also the deep friend banana desert was amazing.  . . Would also suggest having a reservation this place is ALWAYS packed. I have made the mistake at least twice of trying to go without a reservation.
Oh thank you, Lotus of Siam, for being so beautiful and spicy and delicious and so very Lotus of Siam.  The Platonic ideal of Thai food and the American restaurant experience.. . This is one of the best Riesling lists in, possibly, the world.  And the wines pair just gorgeously with the spicy-but-not-overpowering flavors of just about everything on the menu.. . This is beautifully authentic thai with high quality ingredients.  Worth the trip off the strip.  This is some of the loveliest food in Vegas at the very best price with a stunning wine list.  . . Do not leave Las Vegas without an appearance here.
Good service and best pad thai in Las Vegas!
This place is really amazing.  I loved every minute of it.  In fact, I would compare the food at this restaurant to cuisine I ate during my time in Thailand.  It was authentic feeling and had a home-cooked taste.  We ordered the whole fish, shrimp, noodles, soup, and pineapple rice for dessert.  It was more than enough for 6 people and the price was reasonable.  I plan on coming back every time I am in Vegas.  Another reason to avoid the strip and discover the rest of Vegas!
I must say, I was pretty excited to try "The Best Thai Restaurant in North America" after reading all the great reviews on Yelp. Since we didn't make a reservation for our party of 8, the boy and I made a mad dash to the restaurant early to see if we could still get a table. They just opened for dinner (at 5pm), but the restaurant was pretty much filled already. Luckily, they had a large table open at the moment, so they let the two of us sit down first. (Some restaurants won't even seat you unless your whole party is there, so that was pretty nice!). . We sat there waiting for our friends for 10-15 minutes (which we felt really bad about), but they didn't seem annoyed at all, whew! After flipping through the menu, we ordered ten dishes. . . - Stuffed Chicken Wings: sliced chicken wings - crispy, flavorful, and served with sweet and sour sauce. - Nam Kao Tod: crispy rice - very interesting, you have to try if you've never had crispy rice before!. - Nam-Prik-Hed: spicy mushroom dip - spicy! but meh, at least the veggies that comes with it was kind of cleansing to the palette. - Sai Oua: northern style sausage - were alright. - Garlic Prawns: BOMB DOT COM. THIS IS A NECESSITY!. - Yellow Curry and Red Curry: very flavorful. - Drunken Noodle Seafood: pretty delicious!. - Pad Se-Ew: typical. - Crispy Duck: cooked perfectly. . Their Thai Iced Tea was pretty refreshing! And because some of the food came out slower, they offered us a free Thai Iced Tea.. . We got two orders of mango sticky rice and one order of fried bananas. Both were delicious! (I've had better sticky rice though..) . . They also have a HUGE selection of wine! So if you're a wine lover, you're in for a treat!. . Overall, great atmosphere, great service, and great food (will have good dreams about those garlic prawns tonight). So take your date there or just go have dinner with your friends. It's perfect!
five shiny stars for the pad thai alone. . . moist, chewy, sweet, savory, spicy. with steamed tofu and extra extra egg. . . mint/basil chicken is tasty too, remember to order it w/ ground chicken. . . oh & catfish tom yum soup. perfect balance of sour/sweet/spicy.
AWESOME. Best Thai food I've ever had. Crispy duck with drunken noodles was cooked perfectly.
If you have not been to LOS you shouldn't be writing reviews on here and if you've. been and not gave it 5 stars you get no street cred . . App: Nam prig Ong very unassuming but very addicting  It goes very hard . . Main course: The drunken soft shell crab is a mind blower a straight up show                 stopper . . Dessert: The fried banana is lights out  . . Never ever disappoints . Call a day ahead . Thai ice tea is a must. . FIVE STARS with a BULLET
Finally made it off the Strip to visit the best Thai restaurant that we've ever had the pleasure of dining in.  Gotoff the bus and thought we were in the wrong place until we figured out that the restaurant was in the back of the strip mall. Glad we had read to not be put off by the location!. The local gal at the table beside us made some great recommendations, or should I say we just ordered everything that they had on their table: crispy rice appetizer, red curry noodles, pad thai, garlic pepper prawns, beef satay.  Oh, to have room for more!  Great German wines too - perfect to cut the heat in the curry dishes.. Could be the reason we book our next trip to Vegas. But we'll come back with several people in tow so we can order twice as much food to taste more of what this fabulous restaurant has to offer.
Truly a great find in Vegas.  If you want good tasty Thai food and amazing wine? ....go here! The wine list was incredible.  The prices were not really marked up at all, and some were even less than the vineyards! Wine list ranges from peju to sine qua non. . . Great spice in all the dishes, and the menu had more authentic Thai food which you would not expect from a restaurant nestled in a shopping center. Love this place. Thank goodness they are opening a place in the east coast.
WTF, I just notice I never review this place before.  Well, let me get started then!. . This is one of must stop place in Vegas for me, and t should be your's too!. . 2 things that I always order here:. . 1. Tom Yum Ka - a little bite of sourness with a little bit of heat; a perfect balance of what a soup should be.  The chicken and mushroom inside also complements each other perfectly. It's a light soup, not heavy at all, so perfect for any day.. . 2. Garlic Shrimp - cannot not find it any other Thai restaurants I've been to. It's basically fried shrimp with their secret seasoning. The shells are also fried until their extremely crispy, so you can actually eat it!  You MUST try this!. . 3rd item always depends on my mood.  This time, it's chripy duck with drunken noodle. If you ever had pad see you, it tastes like that with lots of basil. The fried duck is crispy and moist, yummmoooo.. . If you never had good Thai food before, this is the place to come. Oh, becareful the level of heat you asks for. If you can take spice, then there's nothing you need to worry about, but if you can, go 3 or lower!
I'm pretty sure this place is heaven! Not only is the service superb, but the wine list and menu are to die for. Must try the nam kao tod, tom kha soup, and pad thai! I used to hate thai food until I came to this restaurant, and now I cannot get enough.
There are so many things that can ruin a dish at any Thai restaurant, and in the course of three or four dishes, something's bound to put a damper on the experience. Meat can be loaded with gristle, overcooked, or undercooked. Curry can be oily, watery, too spicy, or too bland. Noodles can be too grainy or too soft, and break easily. . . Lotus of Siam pretty much hit the mark on all of these counts for me. Here's our breakdown:. . - Chicken satay. Perfectly seasoned and cooked chicken. This is usually the canary in the coal mine for me. The chicken was good quality, perfectly cooked, and seasoned so well that I didn't even feel the need to use peanut sauce.. - Yellow curry with chicken. This is mostly the reason for my 5 stars. It's my habit to only eat the chicken and the curry sauce on my rice, but on these two counts, Lotus of Siam is among the best of the best for this dish for me. The consistency was perfectly creamy, and "medium spicy" (4 out of 10, I think was what we asked for) provided the perfect amount of spice for those of us who don't like a ton of spice in our curry. The chicken was again fantastic quality and perfectly cooked.. - Pad see ew. This was a good dish. The noodles were prepared well, and the beef was very good!. - Crispy duck. This was mostly okay for me, although I'm not a big fan of duck to begin with. The seasoning was definitely the highlight of this dish for me.. . We came here for lunch as a group of about 7 or 8 and got pretty good service! They are only able to split checks 4 ways. No reservations for lunch.
I was reluctant to try Lotus of Siam, because I already have my favorite Thai places in town. One evening my girl finally convinced me to give them a try. We ordered this really amazing rice dish appetizer and shared the drunken noodles with prawn and a duck curry. The appetizer blew us both away. I would come back for that dish alone. The noodles and curry were great too. Very spicy and tasty. I'm looking forward to my next dinner at Lotus.
This restaurant was true authentic Thai that even allows you to pick your spicyness on a scale of 1-10. I recommend everyone try the Thai iced tea it's excellent.
5 stars is not enough for this place. Best Thai food -period. End of story...... . . One problem- it is hard to get a table.  In fact, we had to wait one hour to be seated on a Tuesday night.  We also tried calling to make a reservation on a Saturday afternoon-- and could not get through.. . The green chile was so good.... and the pad thai was fantastic. The service was not that great, but with food this good I'd go back to the kitchen and get it myself. . . Although the neighborhood is sketchy, the prices are good and the food is amazing.
Great Thai food for North America. Aside from the typical curry, Lotus of Siam has great selection of food and offers great value. Love Tom Yum soup and the sticky rice with mango dessert. Efficient servicke and great value, we silled ourselves for 37$ per person.
there was 5 of us, 1 filipino dude (me), 1 Vietnamese, 2 white guys and 1 mexican guy.  So you know how the in thing now is for a group of friends wiht different races that we tease jokingly about being that race...And we especailly make fun of each others accents...anyways...i guess one of the white guys was reading the menu with an asian accent, hilarious but maybe not a good idea in an asian restuarant.  . Good thing no one heard us. Thought i would share that story.. . So i tried the crispy duck which my coworker was raving about since he first tried it.. . I'm not the most adventorous eater but that duck was awesome..... we also tried the papya salad..YES! Make sure u get that.. make sure you pick your spicey level, coz that drunken noodles we got was real spicey (no deduction on stars because that was my fault). . we also got the prawns tempura..good starter.. . But i have to go back to the duck.  When you go to your local park and see ducks, you will see them differently, I SWEAR!  I can't wait till the ducks start flying north coz i will have my weapon ready to go.
Read that this place is the best Thai restaurant in North America. Tried the food and it was incredible! True to its title. One of my most amazing meal EVER. Left the place speechless...
Food and service were excellent. Had the panang crispy duck and tried a little bit of the dishes that the rest of our group had and didn't find one that I didn't like. This was our 3rd time there and always great. Be sure to make reservations because they always seem to be very busy.
FLAVOR, SEASONING, AND SPICE....BELIEVE THE HYPE.. . We ordered the (1) Sea Bass Drunkin Noodles ($29) and (2) Nam Prik Ong ($9) and an appetizer that was rolled in bacon and deep fried.  . . The entrees were fantastic (although the Sea Bass was overpriced).  Some of the best thai flavors I have eaten outside of Bangkok.  The menu is amazing.  . . Living next to Little Cambodia in Long Beach, I am really worried that Lotus of Siam has set too high of a bar for other Thai places to match.  This place may have ruined me.. . We went on a Sunday night and although it is a huge restaurant, it was packed with locals (45 min wait, but they have a bar at which to wait).  The location is as random as it gets, but worth the effort.
This place is popular for a reason. I've been to this hole in the wall before even yelp was up and running. A friend of mine took me here in high school and I was hooked. Best thai food in Vegas for sure. If you are new here try their "Fried Garlic Prawns", "Drunken noodles", "Catfish Salad, and any of their curries or fried rice!
Do not let the dilapidated, East side Vegas shopping center deter you from walking into Lotus of Siam.  Behind the nondescript entrance intoxicating aromas entice you with an overabundance of simple yet exquisite Thai cuisine dishes.  The impressive, reasonably priced wine selection would put a Cheshire grin on the portly mug of Bacchus himself.. . Jonathan Gold - food writer/ LA Times, said Lotus of Siam "is the best Thai restaurant  in North America".  I concur wholeheartedly.  Chef/Owner, Saipin Chutima implements the finest quality ingredients and melds flavors reminiscent of my experience of true Thai cuisine.  Chef Chutima opened Renu Nakorn in Norwalk, California although has since sold to family members.    . . My dining group and I were punctual for our dinner reservation (dinner reservations are highly recommended) and were promptly seated in full view of the acclaimed wine cellar collection. . . After perusing the vast menu and conferring with our waiter we methodically choose  dishes from various regions in Thailand.  We found the Northern region to be the most interesting.  Even with a filled to capacity restaurant our server delivered our food in a timely manner.  . . A main staple in Asian cuisine, garlic prawns are deep fried in the shell and served with a pungent sweet-salty garlic sauce. The Soft Shell Crab salad combines fresh chiles, lime and peanuts.  The small crab, with a light and crispy outer shell was tender and moist inside - a crustacean lover's delight .  A popular Northern dish is the Nam Prik Noom - gently roasted sweet green chilies, fresh garlic and tomatoes are pounded to a flavorful pulp in a mortar and served with pieces of crackly pig skins and sticky rice.  We requested Chef kick up the Scoville units for some serious classic Thai chili heat.  The result, HOT and delicious.. . After enjoying two bottles of crispy white wine and traditional Sticky Rice with Mango for dessert it was time for my satiated dining group to depart Lotus of Siam.  As I waited for our taxi to arrive I visualized future trips to the neglected shopping center where star Chef Saipin Chutima passionately awaits those who savor traditional Thai cuisine.
A trip to Vegas would not be complete for me if I couldn't make a stop at Lotus of Siam.  I always order the curry noodle soup with chicken, it's from their Northern Thai dishes menu.  The last time I was there I think I saw what must have been the owner's daughter because she seemed to be a teenager and just strolled in and the curry noodle dish was placed in front of her.  Needless to say, this dish is a winner.. . The restaurant has expanded so the wait doesn't seem as bad.
best thai in vegas hands down...perfect whole in the wall in a ugly strip mall with amazing food...cant go wrong here if you like thai food
This place is just amazing.  Don't let the shady location fool ya.  The service and food are second to none.  Be sure to make reservations well in advance because this place gets booked pretty fast.  The drunken noodles and grilled prawns are the best.
Larb- not the best i've ever had, but good.  we ordered 10/10 spicy on this one and it was hotttt!!. Rice ball salad- delicious.  thanks to the other reviewers that recommended it.. Sea Bass drunken noodles- also delicious.  seriously delicious.  expensive.. Pumpkin pork curry- good.. . The above dishes plus three beers = $100+.  Expensive, but I was visiting Vegas... Would definitely recommend.
So apparently Lotus is a legendary Thai Foodie Institution; I'm not going to review them based on that. I'm a fan of a value proposition, and this is a great one.. . Make reservations because otherwise you're going to wait. Forever. Like maybe until the next day. And that's your fault because why would you not? Is your life so empty that you can afford 45-90 minutes of doing nothing for no reason?. . Firstly you feel like you are heading for a mob meeting when you get here. In the strip mall this place is located in you can get all your meth/stolen goods/unregistered firearm needs met by speaking to any of the helpful men in trench coats lurking throughout the parking lot. You know something is up because despite the squalor the parking lot is filled with Lexii, BMWs and cabs from the strip. . . When you get in you notice the place is very nice for being in a strip-mall and the place is plastered with knowledgeable people in the restaurant business lavishing praise over the place. Our table featured a picture of Mario Batali looking unimpressed. I don't know that I would have put that up there.. . The beer list was excellent, the two Thai beers (Chang and Singha) were excellent as well. One oddity: they have Stone Pale Ale on the menu and when ordered I was presented with a Stone India Pale Ale instead, which was not on the menu. It's a completely different beer, but yet a pretty effing good one, so no biggee.. . We had eggrolls. They were small and great. Then we had curry; Panang and Red. Also great. Also a fairly UnAmerican portion. You should be able to order a Larger portion of curry, I've never ran out of a main course before. Also their version of a "7" in hotness is comparable to a 9 at Pin Kaow. Shit was hot yo.. . Got out of there for less than a fifty with two people drinking beer. World class Thai food (Alledgedly, all I know it was spectacular). Will return. Quite happy.
I fully admit that my secret hero is Anthony Bourdain.  I mean what man doesn't watch his show and secretly wish that he could be transported to some far off land to experience some amazing eatery in a hidden place.  . . He seems to wisp in and out of these places with the greatest of ease.  A man who needs no reservations, and seems to have none.  He walks into the seediest of dives and has amazing foods brought to his table.. . As I find myself walking across a seedy parking lot on Sahara Avenue in Las Vegas, I close my eyes and say a quick prayer that I will have one of these moments.  Lotus of Siam could easily headline a Las Vegas episode of No Reservations.  The Singha comes to the table, ice cold.  The amazing foods that follow are exactly the way that Tony Bourdain would get them delivered to his table.. . Roasted Duck Drunken Noodles. . Sear Scallops with Garlic Pepper sauce. . Shrimp Pad Thai. . Crab Fried Rice. . Musaman Curry with Chicken. . The menu practically writes itself.  Everything comes to the table and everyone at the table oohs and awes over each dish that gets sampled.  My life may not be as exciting as Bourdain's, but for one meal I got to live like him!
This place came recommended to me by some friends here in Chicago b/c this place was said to be one of the best Thai restaurants in the country and had a fantastic wine list.  . . I had to wait when I got there but that was not so bad as I could order a good glass of Mosel Riesling and had a book to read.  . . I was a bit intimidated by the length of the menu so I asked my waiter for a suggestion that would be off the beaten path so to speak.  He recommended a northern Thai dish which had a meat-tomato ragu of sorts which one would eat by dipping thick slices of carrots, cucumber and other veggies.  Although I did find the tomato sauce to be really too much like an average pasta sauce, I did kind of like the dish and appreciated trying something new.  I did like the Thai chicken wings.. . I would have gone more than once but the cab fare from my hotel (Cosmopolitan) was $20 each way including tip.  Being on a tight expense per diem I couldnt do it more than the one time.. . If I ever go back to Vegas, I'll go again.
It's not a trip to Vegas without hitting up Lotus of Siam!  They have the best beef rad na I've ever had and you can't beat their curries and sticky rice.. . No lies, the strip mall it's in is absolutely scary and deserted.  I was sure I was in the wrong place the first time, but it's there, and the inside is lovely.. . I don't tend to order wine here, because I usually come here for a good meal at a cheap price, to give my wallet a break while in Vegas, but they have an extensive wine room that maybe I'll check out sometime.. . Truthfully, no matter what review I could write here wouldn't compare to the hundreds of articles that have been written by the best food critics around (for example, read Jonathan Gold's reviews of the restaurant), so just trust me that it's amazing!  Absolutely worth the drive off the strip.
Crispy duck!!!!! That is amazing!
Wow! This has got to be one of the best Thai restaurants I have ever been to! And this is coming from a girl who has been to the "good Thai places" in Hollywood aka Thai-town. I have to say at first I was skeptical because the exterior looked like the run down part of downtown LV but all that changes once you step inside the restaurant...what Thai restaurant has a glass wine cellar? The wait (good sign) was about 30 min: long enuff for us to look over the menu to decide what we wanted to try. When we saw what was brought out to other tables,the food looked so good that we had to change what we were going to order to what we saw! We were definitely getting more excited as the time drew nearer.... I know that at Asian restaurants, a bunch of white people is usually not a good sign because that means that the food might not be authentic and made "Americanized". It was a packed house with about 50% white folks.. Got me a lil worried, but boy this time, the white folks must've known something the Asian population wasn't aware of... Rundown of our dishes:. 1) Tom Kum kah: coconut soup. Was ok. Nothing special.. 2) Garlic prawns: highlight of the evening. The seasoning was the perfect balance of salt, garlic, and pepper. The exact seasoning you would expect if you order Chinese style stir fried garlic crabs. The most surprising part of the dish was how it was prepared: with the prawn shelled but with the shell semi- attached at the tail. First, you eat the perfectly seasoned prawn. Then, you got to enjoy the bonus: the crispy prawn shell. Biting into the shell was like biting into a crispier version of chicharron ( crispy pig skin). I have never seen prawn prepared this way. WHY hasn't any other chef/ restaurant ever thought of that?!!! Lotus of Siam, thank you for this ingenious foresight....... . 3) crispy duck in panang curry: we had originally planned to order the crispy duck with Chili n mint leaves, but our waiter suggested we order this version since we already had a similarly flavored dish. What great knowledge of the staff to provide helpful tips! He was dead on to make this suggestion. My friend krystal kept raving about the sauce. I think if she was not in public, she may have licked the plate!! LoL!!!. . 4) drunken noodle with sea bass: at first we contemplated ordering this dish.. It was the most expensive thing we ordered at $30, but we were sold when a patron leaving the restaurant overheard our discussion and urged us to order it saying it was "the reason why we come here". With a reference put that way, we needed no further convincing! The sea bass was extremely fresh n flaky. The drunken noodles were perfectly wok'd: you could taste the "fire" of the wok. A sign that the wok has been well seasoned and the chef knows how to use that to intensify the foods being cooked in it. Awesome dish!. . Alas, we were too full to order dessert but the fried bananas with ice cream looked so good that we'll have to come back next time to try it. Oh YES, there will definitely be a NEXT time.. :). . Total for our party of 4: $103. Not bad at all.. I'd come here any day over a buffet!!
I have been missing out!. . This place was on my bookmark list for forever now...and I made it a point with my friends that we had to check this place out. I am a huge fan of thai food and most Thai food places in OC are bleh and mediocre. I have been hearing nothing but good reviews of this place so I was super excited to check it out finally.. . My friends and I came here for an early dinner on a Thursday.We came and they said it would be a 45 minute wait and they would call my cell when a table opens up. So next time I will be sure to get reservations... thankfully the wait was less than that. My friends and I decided to do family style and get some different dishes to share. We got:. . -Crispy duck with cognac sauce: i LOVE duck and this dish was amazing. It was my friends and mine's favorite dish. . -Pad thai: Best pad thai Ive ever had. very flavorful and noodles cooked just right.. -Pineapple fried rice: Delish! very flavorful and good.. -Duck green curry: Yum I love thai curry and this was really good and flavorful.. -Beef with basil: Very good but was okay in comparison to the other dishes. -Mango and sticky rice with coconut ice cream: Thai food is not complete until you get this dish. The rice had a really pretty scent and slight taste of Jasmin. The mangos were perfectly riped. So good!. . For sure, going onwards I am stopping by here on every Vegas trip onwards. Food is amazing! Service was very friendly and efficient. They have a great selection of wines too. Its a bit pricey here but it is well worth it.
After having a disappointing lunch we had to leave Vegas on a high note and this place delivered.  We walked in on Sat without a reservation, they were all booked but were able to squeeze me and my wife in.. . We were not that hunger so just shared the seafood drunken noodles and an order of garlic shrimp.  Both dishes were great and cannot wait to come back and try other dishes. Highly recommend this place!
Hands down the best Thai food I have ever eaten in USA! :). I went there with my parents before going back to LA. and we ordered the green papaya salad which is really GOOD, we even a second serving for to go :P!!!. We also order drunken noodle with duck, tom yum soup, and seabass with suki sauce(forgot the actual name). They are all really good!!. I am not sure about the authenticity of this place but the taste is hella GOOD!! The price is kinda on the higher side but they are worth it!!. Definitely gonna visit there again when I go to Vegas again :).. This place is kinda hidden( I almost missed it!) but they have a really big parking space so parking is not a problem here. They also have lunch buffet!
My favorite Thai restaurant so far. Both the roasted and crispy duck was delish and I don't even like duck. I love the sea bass with drunken noodles too.. . I'm glad that I tried the crispy rice appetizer that's so popular but I'm not a fan. If you're into crunchy, sour and spicy bits of rice then this dish is for you. . . Will def be coming back next time I'm in Vegas...
I haven't tasted Thai so good since Thailand. That must tell you something. This place offers excellent food at excellent prices, especially for LV.  The menu is extensive but everything seems to be good.  . . I'd come back in a heartbeat.  We got the sea bass drunken noodles which, like, blew my mind how flavorful the dish was. I am still dreaming about it weeks later.  It's a tad pricey but trust me, just get this.. . We also had stuffed chicken wings stuffed with ground pork, deep fried, served with homemade sweet & sour sauce - excellent. . Tom Kah Kai (Bangkok Style)-A distinctive soup of sliced. chicken with coconut milk, straw mushroom galanga, lemon. grass and a touch of lime juice - excellent . . Green curry with beef, coconut cream, bamboo shoot. Very good.
Little hole in the wall Thai restaurant became really big. Why? You need to go and taste for yourself. The best in the country. Portions are small for some but absolute best.
Best Thai food! The dishes are very authentic! We take a taxi there every time we come to Vegas!
This Thai restaurant blows all others in the U.S. off the charts based on the scale of the wine list, the menu options, and the quality of the food. What other Thai restaurant includes a whole page of "Northern Thai" specialties, or has so many varieties of seafood options? Everything that I saw served here looked amazing. My dinner date and I enjoyed a very tender Satay to begin, some Tom Kha Kai soup that was beautiful and extraordinary, and two incredible entrees. My friend had Pad Thai -- I tasted some of it, and it was among the best I've experienced and in large portions. I enjoyed the Drunken Noodles with seafood. For $12.99, my plate was filled with large egg noodles, a spicy sauce, and huge chunks of lobster, crab, scallops and shrimp. This may be the best value in Vegas, and it truly is one of the best Thai restaurants in the U.S.
Why did it take so long for me to finally get out to this place? Everything was excellent from service to food! The Crispy Duck over Drunken Noodles was amazing! Makes me sad that I don't live in Vegas.. . The green chili dip was good too. It was different than I was expecting. It was more of a roasted chile, cilantro, vinegar, mix. Cant complain about anything that you eat on top of pork rinds! . . If you are on the fence about visiting this place, go! Its worth the taxi fare if you are visiting and staying on the strip. If you don't like taxis, you can take the Deuce North to Sahara and take the Sahara Express east. There is a stop not too far from the strip mall where Lotus lives. . . If Im ever back in Vegas, Lotus of Siam is definitely on my list!. . Oh, one more tip....Make reservations!
This is the best Thai food I've had outside of Thailand.  It is an awesome restaurant with super fresh ingredients and authentic flavors.  Portions are a bit smaller than what I'm used to from a Thai restaurant, so it makes it a little bit more expensive than I'm used to...but it's WORTH it!!  You'll see some celebrities inside the restaurant and on the walls but it's not high end.  It's in a strip mall out in the middle of no where.  Well, not really, but when you're used to the thousands of people on the strip, this is a nice get away.  Do expect to wait!  There's some shady asian bar next door and a church in the same plaza HA! Lots of free parking.  . . What my friends do is we order it to go and take it back to our hotel rooms, that way we can get ready for going out as well as having food readily available.  It is still good after being in to go containers.  They are very good about sending orders out in their to go containers!!
A-MA-ZING.  Hole in the wall.  Tons of awards and recognition.  Worth the wait.
Lotus of Siam is THE BEST Thai in town.  Or anywhere, for that matter.  Seriously, it has ruined Thai food for me.  I won't even go to any other neighborhood spot.  It's that good!. . You must get the crispy garlic prawns (deep fried, wow), and yes, you must eat the shell.  Mmmmmmmmmmmm. . And the other MUST is the whole deep fried catfish.  Amazing!  Everyone always looks at our plate when they bring it out.  There are two flavors of it, but we always get the sweet & sour.  . . The service has gotten better ever since they expanded the restaurant.  The wine list is out of control!  My husband is a sommelier and loves going to this restaurant.  They don't mark it up very much, so it's fun to experiment with wines that at other places would be twice the price.. . I always take my out of town guests here.  Truly a gem!
Someone told me this was the "best Thai food outside of Thailand".  With that kind of a  claim, I had to try it out.  I was in Vegas for a conference, so I made it a point to get over to Lotus and punched the address into the GPS. . . We got there around 4pm, it was located off the strip.  When we got there, I was thinking "this is it?".  It was a HUGE, deserted strip mall, with a very empty parking lot.  All of the store fronts were plain and faded, definitely wasn't feeling very Vegas here.. . You can't see into the restaurant, so we opened the door apprehensively and poked our heads in.  First thing you noticed is every square inch on their walls is covered with photos of celebrities eating there. The restaurant is pretty big, but was more or less empty when we sat down to order.. . Admittedly, we didn't make the best selections in terms of gauging the true authenticity.  I had Curry Duck, my friend had Curry Tofu and my other friend had BBQ Chicken.  My 2 friends had never had Thai food before, so I sort of held back.  Had I gone with more experienced Thai food eaters, I probably would have ordered several dishes to eat family style.  But I didn't want to risk it with them, since the prices are a little higher and we couldn't take anything back to the conference with us.. . However, the food was still great and both of my friends couldn't stop talking about how good it was, and how they had to bring their wives the next time.  My friend that ordered the chicken was stoked, since his order was huge, practically an entire chicken.. . When we looked up from our meals, the restaurant, was packed!  Not a table in the house was available.  On our way out, I looked on some of the other tables and some of the seafood dishes I saw looked amazing.  I will definitely be returning here and next time, plan on trying many more, unique dishes.. . NOTE: can't remember if it was Andrew Zimmern or Anthony Bourdain, but saw on TV that one of them went here and said the Northern dishes are their specialties, and to just order those.
I lived in Thailand for 8 months some years back, and am usually disappointed by Thai food in the US.  Its too timid, too sweet, or just plain not great.  And Thai food should be great.  Well, last night I was transported back to the streetside restaurants of Bangkok, and ate the best Thai meal I have enjoyed since I left that jewel of a country.  Here are a few highlights: som tam - as bombing as it should be, but if you don't like spice stay away from that one!  Snow crab with ginger, apples, lime and more.  Wow!  An entire deep fried catfish that was the most perfectly fried fish you can imagine, and came served with some incredible sweet and spicy sauce; crispy duck in green curry that was the best prepared duck I have ever had (think a skin that defines crispy, succulent meat, and not a drip of fat to be found), in a super flavorful curry with bamboo shoots; Chinese broccoli with deep fried pork lardons - call the doctor!  And many other great dishes we could share with our large party.  Some of the stuff just came out from the kitchen when they realized we were not there for Pad Thai and spring rolls.  In every way, the service was exceptional, and when the bill came I could not have been more happy.  After two days of overpriced Strip restaurants that offer more flash than flavor, this was just what the doctor ordered - authentic, huge flavors and great value.  There is a good reason why so many people rave about this place.  It rocks!  Kap khun kap Lotus of Siam!
What are you waiting for? Go, go on, There's nothing holding you back. Pick up the phone make reservations, gas up the ride, and drive to Lotus of Siam. Now! . . I have been twice so I have barely scratched the surface. Literally everything I have tasted has been 5 star. The Nam Prik Ong was the dish on Best Thing I Ever Ate that lead me here other than that I have no recommendations. Well I do have an admonition, don't get the Pad Thai. You can get that shit at home son. It is great but why waste a trip to the best Thai food you have ever had by ordering the most mundane item on them menu? You don't go to Ruth's Chris for a burger do you? No you want a porterhouse with fennel butter. Don't go to Lotus of Siam for the Pad Thai come on man.. . Man... I am getting hungry just thinking about this.
This is the greatest wine list in Las Vegas, and the best Thai restaurant I've ever been to by a wide margin. Located in a dumpy strip mall off of Sahara Boulevard, it serve astonishingly good Thai food; in fact, the chef won the James Beard award last year! Best of all is an award winning wine list where many of the wines are priced below retail. We put our group in the waiter's hands, and he delivered eight or ten terrific appetizers and shared entrees, each better than the last. I took the opportunity to pillage the wine list, and although some of my selections couldn't be found, we ended up with some stunners. Where else can you find an affordable Clos de Tart from a great year? That bottle alone was over $1000 on the list at Picasso, a fifth that here.
This place was amazing.  I love thai food, but this is the first place that was really interesting, and had more than the typical dishes.  I had a beef tartar that was SO spicy.  I asked for a solid 9/10 on the spice, and boy did it melt my face.  The server could see my tears of joy and pain, so brought a little bit of a sweet white wine to cool my mouth down.. . After scooping what was left of my face off the table, I had some of my gf's dish.  It was a seafood curry thing that was amazing as well.
Went here for New Year's Eve 2012. Great service. Unbelievable food. Grouper with drunken noodle was amazing. The coconut shrimp soup was fabulous. The fried rice with sausage appetizer should not be missed -- some of the best flavors I've ever had. Wine list is amazing. Get a good dry Riesling.. . I plan to come here every time I'm in Vegas.
Simply, best of the best. A true gem of Vegas
Came in for dinner during the week. I arrived early and the restaurant was already filling up.. . I started off with the appetizer Nam Kao Tod - crispy rice mixed with minced sour sausage, green onion, fresh chili, ginger, peanuts and lime juice. This entree was very unique and quite tasty. I followed with the soft shell crab drunken noodles - Pan fried flat rice noodles topped with sauteed soft shell crab, fresh & dry chili and Thai basil served on bed of green lettuce. This was very good and not heavy.. . Lotus of Siam has the largest variety of Thai dishes in Las Vegas and their quality is very consistent. The prices here are on the higher end but then again you pay for what you get.
Fried bacon wrapped prawns.. Green curry chicken.. Coconut ice cream.. Protip: Call the cab to bring you back as soon as you get dessert. It will take them a while to arrive and you don't want to sit there like a jerk waiting 15 minutes after you've already paid your bill.. You are welcome.
This place is surprising.  It's in a crappy looking run down shopping center and as you enter, it's a very narrow entryway.  When you get inside though, they have a big wine cellar (they have pages and pages of wines) and pictures of celeberties on the wall.  The food is absolutely great and reasonably priced.  It was packed in there within 15 minutes of opening for dinner.  The Rad Nah and the Tom Ka Gai soup were some of the best I've had.  I recommend this place, for sure!
Best Thai in Las Vegas.  There is a reason Chef Chutima won the the James Beard award a few times, most recently in 2011 for SouthWest best Chef.  The food here is creative and exquisite.  Simple things like the Chicken Satay, is transcended.  It had a moist and delicate taste.  One could even skip the peanut sauce on it.  The Chile spicy wings hit on a lot of notes.  It was sweet and savory at the same time.  The skin was crispy and crunchy and the meat was cooked perfectly.  The Garlic Prawns had a lot of crunch and great garlic taste, without overpowering.  It was like eating little lobsters deep fried to heavenly perfection.  The Stuffed chicken was surprising great.  It was moist and tender on the inside, with the crispy Panco crust on the outside.  The combination Fried rice was flavorful and not greasy.  The best has to be their red dip, Nam-Prik-Ong!  It the flavor profile hits on so many notes.  You can't beat pork on pork (use the pork rinds).  it starts off crunchy and salty.  Then it steps up to hit of sweet and savory.  It finishes with a spicy note at the end of the journey.  I HIGHLY recommend.  It is probably one of the best dishes on the menu.. . It is not located in the best area, a bit off the beaten path.  I think that is why it makes it so extraordinary.  One would not think to find such a ray of light in an otherwise shady part of town.  Having tried many Thai places, this place is on par with one of the best like Pok Pok in Portland.
It had been over a year since I visited Vegas (the horror!) so I had a long time to build up LOS in my mind as I anticipated my next trip. I heard great things about the restaurant from some local foodies, and hundreds of Yelp reviews echoed the same praise.. . Our 30 minute wait went by quickly as we read all the articles about LOS in the lobby. We were hungry and overwhelmed by the menu, but our waiter was very helpful in making suggestions. He brought over the sommelier to help us find a wine that would go with our dishes. The Riesling was an absolute knockout and an astounding value at $38.. . The waiter recommended the duck panang for my husband and drunken noodles with tofu for me. My husband was in love with his dish despite the fact that he usually is indifferent about duck. He said the crispy skin reminded him of cracklins, only better. I loved my drunken noodles too. The thick, wide rice noodles were drowning in a great brown sauce and topped with fried tofu and basil. We finished up with fried bananas and ice cream (the mango was unavailable). The server who brought it out instructed us on the best way to eat the dish, something I always appreciate.. . It was a spectacular meal and lives up to the "best Thai in the country" reputation. We've been recommending LOS to all our friends with the gentle reminder to ignore the gay bathhouse in the same strip mall.
Some damn good food! the buffet here at lunch is great , def try it out best thai food in vegas
Let me paint a picture for you.  You're walking on the decrepit sidewalks of Old Las Vegas.  The smell of sewer is ripe.  There are meth addicts accosting you for change .  However, you have a mission.  The mission, if you choose to accept it, is to eat the best Thai food in North America.  I, and I hope you, choose to accept it!. . I've eaten here twice.  The first time I got Tom kha kai and the special duck breast with drunken noodles.  The soup is INTENSELY flavorful.  The magic of Thai cuisine is the perfect balance of sweet, salty, sour, and piquant.  If you increase one, you have to increase the others.  Obviously, if you go overboard with any of them, the dish is ruined.  The soup was a perfect example of this philosophy - it was as flavorful as it could possibly have been.  If there was 1 more grain of salt, 1 drop of lime, it would have been too much.  The line of perfection is skirted so asymptotically, you'll think there IS no 99.99999999999%.. . You'd think that, but you'd be wrong.  That extra 9 at the end?  The Tom yum goong will take you there.  Intense is all I can say - you cannot prepare your taste buds for the shock they will receive during a single bowl of this.  . . The duck was cooked absolutely perfectly.  Crispy, delicious skin, perfectly rendered, tender meat.  The noodles were spicy, and perfectly complimented the duck.  . . The Pla Laad Prik (whole fried fish with pepper sauce) was incredible.  It's exactly what it sounds like.  And it's delicious.. . On top of all the incredible food (and to tame the heat, you are getting it spicy, right?), they have a huge list of Rieslings which are not only a perfect compliment to the meal, but are extremely reasonably priced.  . . Forget whatever silly plans you had for a couple hours one night in Vegas; spend them here, getting a meal you will never forget.
Now this is what god intended when he created Lotus of Siam.  The food here is to die for.  My husband is Asian,so we eat a lot os Asian inspired food, but this place is high above the rest.  Actually, the yellow curry with chicken, and this broth, oh were having Lotus of Siam for dinner.  hmmmmmm, I can't wait, maybe i'll get the pineapple fried rice, with everything in it, and the potsticker, oooooohhhhhhh so good.
Widely viewed as one of the best Thai restaurants in the country.  From everything I've read the key is to order off of the Northern Thai section of the menu, as the regular Thai staples apparently aren't exponentially better than other places .  When we went here we followed that advice and the meal knocked our socks off.  Over a year later I still wish I could go back again to order the Nam Khao Tod and the Crispy Duck.  Highest of high fives.
Best Thai food in Vegas! People take trips here via taxis from the Strip. . . Food is dee-lish with a wide range of wine. I eat a lot of Thai food from LA to NY and this place sticks out!. . Featured in Top Chef Master (Las Vegas). When I saw this episode, I was hollaaaaa-ing "I was there!!". This place is excellent and always packed. Way worth the trip; try everything! Come hungry.. . Food: Sea bass with Pad Kee Mao (5/5). Drinks: 2 full cups of the best Thai tea everrrr!! (6/5)
Best Thai restaurant in the US? Hmm... that's a bold statement. I've had a lot of amazing thai food in NYC and not enough Thai food on the west coast or in Las Vegas in particular to make this type of statement. I will bow to the fact that everything is excellent and it makes me want to return to Las Vegas just to try this restaurant one more time.  Next time, I want to bring 10 people so we can order a larger variety of dishes and try a litlte bit of everything.. . From what I did try, here are my thoughts:. Beef tar tar: Spicy, but not in an overpowering burnt tongue way. I could really taste the different spices put into that make it burst in your mouth. . Prawn salad: Very interesting combination of sweet and spicy. Prawns were huge and seared slightly. Probably the least favorite out of all I ate.. . Crispy duck curry: Crispy duck was ... very crispy. I think the coconut milk curry was excellent, but the duck could have been any crispy meat and I wouldn't be able to tell the difference. I just like this because curry is awesome with rice.. . Chicken pad thai: This was my favorite. I can tell this place is awesome by how amazing they make their pad thai. The noodles didn't stick together and the flavor was evenly distributed across every noodle. The peanut sauce was there for the kick and not overpowering. Chicken was tender and a nice addition.. . Tom Yum soup: We ordered this after eating everything else because we needed to get a taste of the other popular thing on Thai menus.  Yum. Must try. It wasn't lit on fire like at Jaiya, but it was delicious and the perfect amount of spicy and sour.. . Overall, I can't wait to go again. I'm a bit confused why it's in the middle of nowhere, but I'm glad this hasn't stopped people from taking the trek to get there and enjoy.  Be sure to make reservations because this place gets packed by 6:30
Leave the strip and get the best Thai I have had in a long time!
One of the best Thai food restaurants I have tried. The garlic prawns are amazing! Also recommend their chili mussels! Everything I have tried here were delish
One of the best thai places I've ever been to EVER! Doesn't look like much when you roll into it, but man...great stuff once you get in there. The restaurant has solid wine offerings,and a variety of beer/alcohol on top of the wine.. . The only thing I regret about my venture to the Lotus was that I was slightly inebriated before showing up. I can't remember what I ate, but the Pad See-ew (sp?) was great! It's usually my go-to and standard for thai places, so this place definitely passes muster. My bro also got some kinda curry dish that was delish, but I have no clue what it was. . . Do yourself a favor and grab some grub there, you will not be disappointed.
Ate there for lunch today.  The food was so amazing!  The fried rice and sour pork appetizer was a bit spicy for my wife, but I found it delectable.  We also had the crispy duck with drunken noodles, the title speaks for itself!  Service was great, and it was not busy as we hit at the end of the lunch rush.  I'll be sure to go back next time I'm in town!
Fantastic food. Had a very helpful waitress who made some good suggestions and answered our questions. She asked how spicy we wanted it (we wanted spicy but not painful so we went with a 8 out of 10 and it was wonderful). . Recommend you make reservations. Excellent place and good prices to boot.
Best Thai I have ever eaten!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . I am a fan of Top Chef and a couple of weeks ago the show visited Lotus.  My bf and I had a Vegas trip planned, so I thought - why not try it?? I will now be ruined for any future Thai restaurants - that's how good this place is.   . . The restaurant is a hole in the wall, no ambiance but the servers are friendly and attentive... Here's what we ordered:. . Tom Yum with Prawns (med spice) - the spice level was perfect, continued to build after each bite (or slurp).. . Tod Muh Plar - fish cakes with cucumber salad, I would actually order the cucmber salad alone (its fabulous).. . Kang Omon - catfish in a curry sauce, not as liquidy as a normal curry but delicious. . Northern Thai - Khao Soi - noodles and beef (great - I had never tried N Thai food before). . Fried banana with honey and coconut ice cream for dessert - I could eat it everyday!. . The food was great, the best Thai I have ever eaten, servers were friendly... I will go back everytime I am in Vegas.
Heard about Lotus of Siam on Top Chef Masters.  Every bite I had was incredible!  We tried variety of items: Stuffed Chicken Leg, Bacon Shrimp, Pad Thai, Braised Short Rib in Red Panage, Crab Fried Rice, Fried Bananas.  My favorite was the Crab Fried Rice, it is a must have!!! Get there early,to avoid a Lon wait or make reservations a day or two ahead.  It is a definite must visit again soon!
Best Thai place on this side of the country.  I've been going to Lotus for over 5 years now and every time I swear it gets better.  From the friendly staff to the amazing food, you cant go wrong here.
Best Thai Food in Town...hands down!!  :)
It's located in a remote location off the strip where one can imagine drug dealing/prostitution can certainly takes place behind the restaurants along this plaza. All the restaurant's windows were all shaded and hard to tell who/what goes on inside. My friend's first impression was to GTFO of this parking lot and eat in our hotel where there are plenty of lights and people which "guaranteed" safety lol. But in the end, we went in and ate.. . The first thing I've noticed were the numerous pictures of celebrity chefs and celebrities along the wall including chefs as such Ming Tsai and even that Andrew zimmern from Travel Channel.  With that in mind and the popular reviews on yelp this place have to be good, then again Mr. zimmern eats anything and everything. We were told the wait was 1 hour and we were willing to wait. . . As my two friends and I were waiting, one of them got so hungry from the thought that he was not able to eat within the hour he went to the next door Indian restaurant to eat a small meal lol. . . The GOODS:. The wait was NOT an hour, it was around 30 minutes. We got the crispy duck and two more dishes which I have forgotten the names but everything was LEGIT TO THE MAX. One of the dishes was some sort of braised beef in a curry sauce. The waiter asked us how spicy do we want our food from the scale of 1-10 and we said 5 and to my taste buds, the chefs made it RIGHT ON. The service was excellent and I can not complain much about this establishment.
Yum, yum, yum. Worth the trip off the strip. . Very crowded, but worth the wait.
Delicious!  I love authentic Thai cuisine, so I went with my nose turned up a bit, but I was confident that the top chef recommendations and ratings would not disappoint. Tom kha kai (chicken galangal soup in coconut milk) is one of my all time favorite Thai dishes and theirs is exceptional. The roasted red peppers added an extra burst of flavor.  My party ordered a variety of dishes and they were all excellent!  The Soft Shell Crab "Drunken Noodle" Pad Kra Pao was delicious! I'm not a big fan of crab dishes or noodles, so this one took me by surprise.  I'd order that again as well.  Definitely going back when I'm in Vegas!  I'd like to try everything on the menu!
Saw this place highlighted on "Top Chef Masters" and knew that I wanted to try it.  I was NOT disappointed.  The restaurant was clean, the staff was friendly and the food was tremendously delicious.  If you like Thai food, this is the place to go in Vegas, hands down.  The ingredients were so fresh and tasty.  I had the Cashew Chicken, Thai spicy ~ and I ate every bite on my plate.  PHENOMENAL!  Make sure you have a reservation.  Reservations usually denote a very pricey restaurant but Lotus of Siam was VERY reasonable.  No more pricey than the place I frequent in my hometown.  Cannot give this place enough compliments.  Now I am only sorry I live so far away.  It's one of the only reasons I would want to go back to Vegas!
Loved this place! Was packed to the gills on a Thursday night at 8:30, so that gave me hope.  Last place we tried on the west end nearly did us in, so fingers crossed, we jumped! So happy we gave this place a try.  Food was incredible, service was a tad slow, but that was probably because they were slammed with people.  No biggie, we had just gotten off a plane so it gave us time to relax. BF had the seafood with the flat noodles and I had the pad thai.
World class. . . This is by far the finest Thai restaurant I've ever had the pleasure of dining at. The food is superlative, the service excellent, the prices reasonable. They also have an absolutely shocking wine cellar. . . The quality of this restaurant and the location make for a humorous juxstaposition. As others have stated, it's located in a shady, desolate, mostly-empty strip mall, but I've never felt unsafe there. . . Try the crispy rice appetizer. It's astonishingly good.
According to my friends, Lotus of Siam is ranked as "the BEST Thai Restaurant in America."  I'm not really sure who's ranking system this is, but I would declare Lotus of Siam "the best AUTHENTIC Thai Restaurant in America" (based on my non-encompassing Thai restaurant experiences).  Unlike a lot of other hyped-up restaurants that I have visited, LoS does provide freshly-made, high-quality, and unique Thai foods that you will not be able to find @ 99% of the general Thai restaurants out there.  Apparently, Pad Thai,  Pad See-ew, and Thai Iced Tea are not the best representation of Thai cuisine :P  . . So before you jump for joy about possibly eating the best Thai food you'll ever eat again, make sure you prepare yourself for a few.....surprises. First, LoS is located in probably one of the slummiest parts of Vegas; there isn't a strip club next door, but there are numerous sex and fetish shops across the street and just down the block. I don't recommend taking little Tommy and exploring the area before & after dinner....you may be opening the door to too many unnecessary questions.  Next, the wait time @ LoS during dinner hours on the weekend is going to be LONG.  For some reason, they don't allow reservations (guess they're so popular that they can demand such unreasonable policies).  Our table of 10 had to wait 1hr and 45 minutes, which we ended up killing at the pool table next door (**warning, it is a very divey, local pool point that's musty, dark, smokey, and seems as though everyone is selling crack or selling themselves***). . So once you get past the exterior facades and downsides, LoS will undoubtedly provide you a unique Thai dining experience that you shall not find elsewhere in Vegas and most areas.  Their menu is about 10 pages long, and these are all separated into rice dishes, noodle dishes, soups, chef's specialities, and then even a "recommended" dishes.   I was lucky enough to go with such a large group that we ordered over 10 dishes and got to sample a wide variety of dishes. . . I can assert that their rice dishes are very....normal and not-special, but their noodle dishes and specialty dishes were worth the price of admission.  Their  shrimp fried rice was actually below-average (or lacked MSG lol).   If you are a fan of fish, ask for their steamed fish that is fresh and super flavorful & tender.  Spiciness was not an issue for most dishes unless you request the "Thai spicy" vs "American spicy"   Another memorable dish was the boneless beef ribs, which were great except you only get FOUR small little ribs.  So yes, we split that amongst 10 people through some surgical precision with our butter knife.   Finally, the other dish I remembered was their curry.  It was flavorful, not too rich or thick, and the added meat & veggies was definitely a good complement.  . . Lastly, the service provided was excellent, the waiter was actually useful in suggesting good dishes, and he also seemed like a "happy" employee who was proud of working @ "the best Thai restaurant in America." He even boasted that they had recently filmed a Top Chef episode in Vegas the week before.  Next time, I shall go again and try some newer dishes and provide an update.  Til then, I better not find another Thai restaurant anointed as "best Thai restaurant in the World/Galaxy/Universe" or else i'll have to reevaluate my current review :P
fuck all these loser bitches who are hating on this restaurant.  i am glad you think thai food tastes like the food the chinese people in cedar rapids make for you, but this is thai food. if i read one more review about how the pad thai wasn't as good as home, i might die.  it's amazing. branch out and try something besides the exceedingly americanized pad thai. or go back to Muncie and complain that they don't have california rolls to go with your pad thai.
AMAZING!  The Khoa Soi tasted exactly like it did when we had it in Chiang Mai!  Everything was excellent.
Best Thai Food I've ever had. The Tofu Pad Thai was so great we ordered more. The crispy garlic prawns are a must try - half was the crunchy shell half was big delicious prawns held together by the tail, you eat them both!  The whole fish with ginger was favorite along with the chicken wings & beef satay  - you could tell it was cooked over wood, it had a smokey flavor.  We ordered quite a few items, all were good, most were great.  . . The winelist is focused on wined that compliment Thai food (Riesling).  We ordered a magnum for the table - perfect.  . . We brought a friend who had never had Thai food before, it was a hit.  I love family restaurants that does such a great job.  It's no wonder this place was PACKED.  A Vegas favorite.
Thank you to Chef Saipan Chutima for coming to Las Vegas to share such soulful food with our city's growing culture. I am still so amazed with the flavors in his Tom Ka Gai and the complexity of flavors in the drunken noodles with soft shell crab. My mouth is watering as I type this review.. . Prices are a tad bit higher than your usual hole in the wall Thai joint but I would pay more to be transported again through food. Lotus of Siam has been visited by world renowned chefs, artists and actors alike and am so happy I had the chance to dine here. I can't wait to go back!
Always great food and service. Just wish the prices were a bit lower! . . For the alkies out there, Lotus has an amazing wine selection.
Definitely lived up to the Hype... . . Auntie Saipan Chutima, where have you been all my life??!!. . Can't believe this is the first time eating here in all the times I've been to Vegas.. . I have dreams about the Garlic Shrimp with those crunchy shells, . the delicious Panang curry Duck, and the crispy rice with sausage.... . . Can't wait for my next trip back to Vegas!
Just came back from there,  its in middle of no where,. So i wesnt sure how good off strip resturant might be.. . So im getting in and first thing you see on thr walls are. All this celbrities.... And thr place is just packed!!!!. defintly  the best thai food i ever had in vegas!! . You should add the egg on top of anything you take!. thats my tip.
Drunken noodle with fried prawns...just unbelievable.  Most amazing Thai food I've ever eaten and the prices are quite reasonable. They also have an extensive wine selection. This is an outstanding dining experience.
So worth the ride off the strip!  OK decor but that's not why you are going.  Great food.  Some of the best Thai food you will find anywhere!  Robust menu with very helpful descriptions.  How to decide... 2 of us got a soup starter, 3 entrees, and a couple drinks each.  For less than $70 w/tip - great deal.  This is a must visit for every trip to Vegas.
What a little gem off the strip!! One of the best Thai food I've, even better than most in the Bay Area. It's also where a lot of the celebrities goes.. . Here's what we had:. Garlic  shrimp  - omg, it is really really good and a must try. A little expensive $21.95 but so worth it to try. The shrimp is taken out of the shell but they include the shell as part of your dish. They cook the shrimp shell to a perfect crisp, almost like eating a chip. . . Khai Soi - $8.95 - also very good. It's noodles in a curry sauce, almost like a soup . . Tom Kah Kai - $4.95 cup - the best darn soup ever!!! It's very similar to tom yum soup but with coconut milk and a little spicier too. Mouth watering goodness and def. a must order!. . Deep Fried Sea Bass - $28.95 - very good but in my opinion, pretty small for the price. It's deep fried in some kind of a chili sauce.. . I highly recommend this place and I can't wait to go back. The service was great, atmosphere was great, and the food....yum, FANTASTIC!
In the words of my sister... Lotus of Siam...fucking delicious!. . nothing like getting of the plane in vegas drunk and going here for lunch! Seriously I cannot wait to go back just to eat here (well and gamble but yeah). . Yummy prawns in a blanket! and their wine list is so extensive for a thai restaurant!
I showed up from Sacramento, California with high anticipation from reviews, reputation and recommendation.  Twenty dollar cab ride from the strip as we approach I'm thinking... uh are you sure this is it?  I'm reassured as I wait in a 70's strip mall for the door to open as other cabs and streams of people begin to show before the doors open on a Monday evening.. . The chicken wings had to have one of the best flavors I've ever tasted on wings in my life.  I could sit there and eat enough of those alone to get sick to my stomach.  Service was on par as this place steadily filled up.  Dishes came out fast to our table and the owner came out and snapped a photo upon request from our table.  Hey I'm no Joe Montana but I took a picture just like he did.  They are so humble towards people from all over the world who come to eat their food.. . Our table had some common dishes Americans are use to and everything met or exceeded expectations.  If you ever, ever are in Vegas and want Thai food this is the place.  They also have won consecutive national awards for their wine list.  I will remember this as champagne taste on a beer budget.  Absolute awesomeness!
One of the best Thai restaurants in Las Vegas and the US.... I have not encountered many Thai restaurants that are as good as this one... Really crummy area but the food is worth it....
The food was great and price was RIGHT! I was brought here on a lunch date. Checked out Yelp first, and due to customer comments....decided to order the Drunken Noodles with seafood. THANK YOU FELLOW YELPERS!!!!! It was spot on! Seafood was tasty, noodles were delicious and squishy and the sauce was yummy. My date got the coconut milk soup and ate/drank every last sip. The whole meal was 24 bucks.... they could charge more, but glad they dont! I will definitly be back!!!
Best Thai food we've had in the states!  We weren't sure this place would live up to the hype, but it absolutely did.  We came 10-min after it opened on a Saturday night, and already there was an hour wait.  We debated if we should stay, but since it was still pretty early we decided to wait it out.  Tip #1 - Don't be like us.  Make a RESERVATION.. . In the waiting area, there are laminated articles and accolades plastered from wall-to-wall.  They've won so many James Beard awards, and have been named THE best Thai restaurant in the country.  High praise!. . We only wished that we came with a large group of people so we could try more dishes, but since we had an hour to kill we had plenty of time to decide what to get.   It took us forever to settle on a few dishes because everything on the menu sounded delicious!  I would recommend trying stuff that's from Issan, Northern Thailand, or Chef's choice because c'mon... you can get Pad See Ew and Pad Thai anywhere.   . . This is what we ordered:. -  A cup of Tom Yum Koong soup. -  A cup of Tom Kah Kai soup. -  Shrimp in a blanket (shrimp wrapped with bacon and wonton wrappers then deep fried).  . -  Crispy duck with Panang Curry. -  Soft Shell Crab with Drunken Noodles. . Everything was DELICIOUS.  My favorites were the soups and soft shell crab with drunken noodles.  The depth of flavor they were able to infuse into the soups really made them memorable.  You could taste all the wonderful flavors of Thailand in those little cups - lemongrass, lime, chili, etc.  Mmm... . . The soft shell crab was perfectly fried and layered beautifully atop the flat noodles (like the ones they use for Pad See Ew).  There were so many popping flavors that the dish still danced on my tongue hours after we had eaten.  I highly recommend this dish!. . I was least impressed by the Crispy Duck Panang Curry even though it was still good.  I think I like really unique, bold flavors and the red panang curry tasted pretty similar to other Thai places.  The deep fried duck was good, but nothing beats Chinese peking duck - I couldn't help but compare.. . Can't wait to come back again.  This place is a must try for those who enjoy Thai food!
Some of the best Thai food I've had. We ordered the yellow curry beef and the Chicken de Rama. Both were very good. The chicken de Rama had a lot of flavor and the yellow curry was like typical yellow curry we've had at other Thai places, and also very good. We chose a spice level or 3, which was perfect. . . The service was great, the inside of the restaurant was nice. Outside was a little sketchy.  I would knock half a star off for the portion size.  It was decent portions but the de Rama was on the small side.
One of the best Thai restaurant not just in Vegas but in US!. . I make it a point to dine here everytime I visit Vegas. The quality of food is only getting better.....Service is ok. Definitely, make reservations before you go. It gets very busy for dinner (yes, even on Mondays)....
I love this place and have eaten here at least a dozen times. (I live kind of far away to admit that). The menu is comprehensive as is the wine list. You can have amazing really gourmet Thai fare, or you can go for authentic simple peasant dishes. Both amazing in their own right; simple and delicious or complex. I actually like their salads and curries. They'll put together anything you want if you don't see exactly what you want on the menu. They are very accommodating. I almost always order their seafood and it really just perfect. There is a newer section to the restaurant that I am not as fond of for seating. It pays to make a reservation and specify you want a quiet corner, if that is what you  are looking for. They will take good care of you. This place is a class act but the atmosphere is not what you might expect for this caliber of food. But really, it's part of the quirky nature of Vegas.
I tried the Drunken noodles with prawns.  The prawns were big and juicy.  It was delicious!  Can't wait to go back.
We were told to arrive early so we arrived before they opened. The outside of the restaurant is a little seedy but the inside is completely different with very efficient and friendly wait staff.. The yellow curry was the best I've ever had outside of Thailand. The tom yum soup was divine. I wish we had this kind of Thai food in the east coast!
Definetly the Best Thai I've ever had.  OMG!  The Grilled Steak Salad was fantastic!!
Amazing puff rice appetizer. Loved the drunken noodles with soft shell crab. It's much larger as they expanded 3 years ago so not as bothersome getting in. Still packed house for lunch. So cool that they have many dishes that are true Thai specialities. Do NOT come just to order pad Thai!  This is the real deal!
I've been to quite a few Thai places in my life but none have compared to the flavor & authenticity of this one.  I went with a group of friends & one of them grew up & Thailand, so she suggested we go here on our visit to Vegas.  I noticed this place was popular before I even stepped into the door, because we saw a bunch of taxis outside.  This meant people have heard of this place who were visiting on the strip, etc.  Overall amazing food, great selection, & friendly attentive staff.  I will defiantly be coming back again on my next visit to Vegas.
Came here with somewhat high expectations considering the reviews and pictures of famous people on the wall.. . Extremely good food.  I have Thai food many other places but this was one of the best ones I've had.  I had the duck with drunken noodle and some garlic friend shrimp.  Both I recommend.  I wish they had a location back in my state, I would go frequently.. . If you are visiting Las Vegas, I highly recommend trying this place out for a meal at the very least.  It is located in a somewhat seedy looking strip mall but don't judge a book by it's cover.
Did I really fail to review Lotus of Siam?? I went here 3 times in the weeks before I moved away from Vegas, that is how much I loved it. . . The Northern Larb, Thom Yum Kai, and Crispy Duck were my favorites. Also, get some Mango Sticky Rice!. . There is an obnoxious bum that hangs out by the door. I'm not trying to be mean but I think he/she may actually be a troll. Kind of scary. Also, this restaurant is in the shabby part of Vegas right across the way from a swingers club. Do not be deterred - go!
Best Thai food in Las Vegas?  Hell, you could put it up as best Thai food anywhere.  Some of the best Thai food I've ever had.. . Came here for a lunch, since my old roommate works in Las Vegas now.  I must say that it was a bit of a pain in the ass to find this place, given that it's in the part of Vegas that I'd classify as the middle of absolutely nowhere.  But at least there's a lot of parking.  Additionally, the interior is really nothing to go crazy over...it's good for one thing, and that's stuffing a lot of people in it.. . Anyways, I'm just glad that Yelp reviews has all those tips for what to eat.  Because my god, this menu is MASSIVE.  I could literally spend like 15 minutes trying to parse down the 25 things I want to eat, but can't because I don't want to be a massive fatass.  So I settle on the soft shell crab pad kee mao because I've never seen it before on any Thai menu (and under my cardinal rule, ALWAYS get something you've never gotten before if you're somewhere new).  Did not disappoint at all.  Good amount of spice and minty flavor, and the soft shell crab was fantastic.  Excellent choice, good work Yelpers!. . Little more expensive than I'd prefer, but pretty much everything in Las Vegas is more expensive than I'd prefer.  It is what it is.  Will certainly come back...and that will be soon, because I'm heading there this very weekend!
Great and authentic thai food!  It's really unbelievable and the staff was friendly and attentive.  The portions are awesome and the spice is authentic and delicious.
First time here and it was great.  I plan on making this a regular stop.. . I'm surprised by a lot of the lower ratings for this place.  Well not totally surprised.  Of course there's going to be some backlash from all the publicity they're receiving.. . But if you go to Lotus of Siam, and you look at the menu and say, "Hmmm, I just want to eat pad thai, tom yum koong, papaya salad, and a bunch of other crap I can get at every Thai restaurant in the world," I really don't care about your opinion.  And if you gave this place 1 star for your review of their buffet, maybe you just delete your yelp account.
Yum yum yum!  Wow was I impressed with Siam's food.  So I'm a big fan of thai food, in particular their curries.  I've tried quite a bit of different curries from many thai food restaurants and this one definitely is at the top of the list.  I had the yellow chicken curry with a spicy request rating of 8 and boy did it kick my ass!  This is really the first thai curry I've tried that I can say is truly spicy.  Besides the spicyness, the curry was very flavorful which also made it fantastic.  I also tried their sticky rice and pad thai which were both very well made as well.  Their service was excellent and prices were very fair.  I couldn't really ask for more.. . I'll be sure to return here on my next visit to Vegas.
Food is awesome!! Although there is a waiting time for dinner. There are plenty of tables available inside while you might have to stand outside waiting for a table. As for food green curry, yellow curry, red curry (extremely spicy), durken seafood noodles and padthai are a must try!
OMG Good is what I need to say about their food. I still think this place is the best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas. Crispy Duck with Panang Sauce is Da Bomb!
Best Thai Food in the country! Be sure to check out the selections on the Northern Thai section of the menu. This has many dishes that you just don't see on other Thai menus. Be careful of the spicy/hot ratings. I love spicy food, but the 2 or 3 star out of 10 is plenty spicy for me. This would be equivalent of medium to hot at many other Thai restaurants. Don't let the neighborhood of this place fool you, it is nice inside and never disappoints.
The first time I've ever heard of Lotus of Siam was when it was featured on "Waking Up with the Wagners" almost a year ago.  I don't drive in certain parts of Sahara so, finding this place was a bit tricky.  . . Our reservation last night was at 6pm and I heard the hostess say to one of the servers that they can't take any more reservations so, I was glad we called the night before.  When we got there, there were plenty of empty tables but sure enough, the place got busy in a matter of minutes.  The servers were scrambling and were trying to rush us.  I mean, they have a pretty huge menu (since they have dishes from different regions in Thailand) and making a quick decision wasn't that easy.. . We got appetizers: nua dad deaw (beef jerky) and mee krob.  For entrees: beef panang, drunken noodle with soft-shell crab and kana moo grob (crispy pork with Chinese broccoli).  For dessert: fried banana and coconut ice cream with sticky rice.. . Nua dad deaw: . I'm not a fan of jerky but this was great.  You get about 8 pieces of beef that comes with a dipping sauce.  The jerky was flavorful so, no need for the sauce.. . Mee krob:. Crispy noodles with chicken, shrimp, and sweet and sour sauce.  It was sweet and I enjoyed the crispy noodles.. . Beef panang:. Tender pieces of beef with really good sauce.  The best I've had in Vegas.. . Drunken noodle with soft-shell crab:. We ordered it spicy# 5 but we got about a #8.  I liked the flavor on the noodles despite the intense heat.. . Kana moo grob:. I always get this at any Thai restaurant I go to.  The sauce was great, the pork was tasy and crispy and the broccoli fresh and crisp.  Again, the best I've had in Vegas.. . Fried banana:. You get skinny fried rolls of fried banana with powdered sugar on top.  Nothing exciting.  I've had better.. . Coconut ice cream with sticky rice:. It was ok but it would've been much better if mangoes were in season so we could've gotten mangoes with sticky rice instead.. . I don't know why I waited this long to give Lotus of Siam a try but I'm glad I finally did.  Next time, I'll try their lunch buffet.
There are two places in Las Vegas that I won't hesitate to venture far off the strip to eat at.  And this is one of them.  Nothing pretentious about this place.  They don't go overboard to try to dazzle your eyes to steer your attention away from what could be a miserable meal.  Although, I like the plainly stated design and layout of this place.  No out of work Vegas strip performers serving your meal here.  Seems like it is a family owned business.  And a big one too since there are a ton of waiters and waitresses to serve you.  No signature dish that everyone orders not because it is so good and everything else is only so-so.  Every dish at this place is good.  No need to ask the waiter for recommendation either.  Just look across the way at what is sure to be a packed house and ask what that person is eating.  It is guaranteed to taste better than it looks.  And best of all, no outrageous bill at the end of it all.. . I have seen people visit Vegas from Thailand and they come here to eat.  Just think of the absurdity of that.  Every excursion to Vegas needs that memorable meal to set things off because everything else will be a nebulous memory, if done right.  And there is no better place for just that.
I've eaten at a lot of Thai places and this one is one of the best I've every been to!  The Nam Prik Ong was awesome and the drunken noodles with Prawns was amazing!  It's in the ghetto around the corner from where the old Sahara hotel was butwell worth the drive off the strip to eat here!  In fact, one of our friends who lives in Vegas told us that there wasn't any good Thai places in Vegas.  We took him here and boy was he proved wrong!
In my humble foodie opinion, Lotus of Siam has the best Thai food in Vegas and possible in the country (based on their food on the menu, not lunch buffet). How did I reach this conclusion? . . - Well let's start with the food itself. The food is phenomenon. I have eaten Thai food in so many places and food at LoS is so much better in term of taste,  flavors, spices, and quality. When I slurped the soup, I could tell the sweetness and flavor came from bones/meat  being stewed for hours, and NOT from loads of MSG many other places threw in to mask the sweetness. They seasoned the food so nicely that your tongue can taste the sourness, sweetness, spiciness and all other flavors at the same time without one overtaking others. The quality is always so fresh.  Food cooked here are truly being made with care and fitted for royalty. . . - This restaurant used to be hole in the wall kind of restaurant but since expanded out and lookw much nicer inside. This restaurant is also located in a kinda shading commercial center that you normally would not visit if you're familiar with that area. But guess what?  This restaurant is packed every night and you wouldn't believe how many people took taxi and limousines all the way from the strip to dine at this place. There is usually a line waiting outside even before the restaurant is opened for dinner. If you plan to come late, I recommend getting a reservation ahead of time.. . - The chef, Saipin Chutima, has won so many awards and is considered one of the best chefs in the country. The restaurant is Zagat rated and so many celebrities and famous chefs dined at this place.. . In term of price, I think they are very reasonable for the quality of food you get here. At least here, you truly get what you pay for, unlike some other crappy places in the strip that charge you an arm and a leg for crappy food. . . Don't believe me? Go try their dinner menu and you can see/taste for yourself.
Incredible. An absolute must-go if you are in Las Vegas. Every time I make a trip to Vegas, I always go to Lotus of Siam. . . Despite the hundreds of celebrities that swear by this Thai restaurant, this place is warm and has a casual environment. . . Always go with the Hot Pot for the Tom Yum soup, there's no comparison. It's amazing. Try mild or mild medium. I love spicy but medium was way too spicy, even for me. The Duck Penang changed my world, and the Drunken Noodle with Sea Bass made me cry for more.. . The only thing that Lotus of Siam could improve on, is the location - it is off the strip, and next to "massage parlors" and bars. It is situated quietly inside a large parking lot, so it does take awhile to find it if this is your first time. The first time I came in I thought I was lost, but nope. The second thing is the service. I have been here more than a dozen times, and I love the mango and sticky rice they serve - it's amazing, do try it if you can! However, it is reserved for "certain" guests. I have asked for this dessert every time I come here, but about 60% of the time they tell us they have ran out. Turns out they only serve it to certain guests. Last month when I went, I asked for this dessert - the waiter said immediately that it is "out of season" thus they dont have it anymore. However, our own waiter told us other wise, and brought it out for us. As we were leaving, we heard another guest asking for the same dessert and were told too that it was "out of season. So try your luck next time you go in, the sticky rice is heavenly!
You know this place is good when the doorman at hotel and taxi driver tell you this place is good.  I mention it to other people visiting Vegas and those who have gone say it is good.  The place is in a dingy strip mall but don't let the looks deceive you. The food is incredibly fresh and extremely tasty with a huge wine list to choose from. The inside decor isn't fancy but who cares when you are having really good food. Be sure to make a reservation as it is hard to get into this place last minute on a busy night.
You can see from the other numerous reviews that the food here is fantastic if you like flavorful food. The location and ambience are not what you go for - you go for the food. We were a party of 9 and asked our server to bring several bottles of Riesling, 4-6 appetizers and 6-8 main entrees - all chef's choice. Nearly all were fantastic. There was a catfish dish that seemed to be overcooked but the crispy rice appetizer, a delectable beef dish, garlic prawns and the soft shell crab salad were divine. . . Loved it! I plan to return again and again!
Hands down, one of the best Thai food restaurants to which I've been.  The whole catfish with basil sauce was my favorite.  The northern dishes are smaller and make a good appetizer.  Point of note, if the server warns you twice about how hot something is, take the advice.  The decor is not fancy, but the food more than makes up for it!  Make reservations and make sure to arrive on time as this place gets jumping!
I recently went here as I am living in Las Vegas for the next year. Friends suggested it for my buddies birthday. I am not big on Thai food but I have to say this place takes the cake, way better then the couple other places I went. I got the drunken noodles with soft shell crab at a level 2 because I am not into spicy foods and it still had a little cook to the juice. . . My friend got a number 8 and was in tears, haha. I guess it goes from 0-10 so see what you can handle if that is what you like. The service is good, when you walk in you feel like its a small place because the lobby/waiting area is tiny but plenty of space in the dining area. I highly recommend it and will go back, when I leave my plate will be empty and my belly full and happy.
Sometimes you encounter a restaurant that knocks your socks off from out of the blue.  Lotus of Siam was not one of these establishments.  After hearing rave reviews from Gourmet Magazine, J. Gold and that putu from Kevineats.com, I felt compelled to dine at what many have claimed to be "The best Thai restaurant in North America".  Dear readers, I think they may be onto something.. . Ditching our group of friends, my Thai paramour and I courageously walked-in to the restaurant without a reservation and were quoted 1:30 wait for a party of two.  Luckily, mi corazon is as fluid in her native tongue as she is easy on the eyes and successfully flirted (right in front of the ignorant farang guests) our way into a table after only 15 minutes.  Yet another example of the eventual geopolitical power shift from the West to the Orient, suckaz!. . This would prove to be an auspicious beginning to what would culminate in the best meal of our Vegas trip and quite possibly the year.  Unfortunately for us, we were only a party of two and we also had a pressing engagement at XS after dinner.  Because of this, we weren't able to order the full breadth of the menu (like garlic lobster and crab dishes) but we made do with:. . Nam Kao Tod (Crispy Rice Salad with Issan Sausage). Khao Soi (Egg Noodles in Coconut broth with chicken). Crispy Duck with Penang Curry. Garlic Prawns. 6 glasses (1 bottle plus 2 additional servings) of Prum 2009 Kabinett Riesling. . As mi corazon expressed to me after the first few bites, this is as good as it gets outside of the homeland.  Granted, she remarked that the cuisine was a bit "fusion" and not within strict adherence to traditional Thai cusine, but she was nonetheless glowing with her praise.  As for your humble author, dear readers...  I was in Siamese heaven, fusion or no.. . All of the dishes we ordered were excellent, with the Khao Soi and the Nam Kao Tod being my personal favorite.  In addition, the crispiness of the garlic prawns was perfectly married to the garlic infusion and the duck meat was SO juicy and provided a perfect (albeit extremely rich) counterpoint to the Penang curry.  All of the food went amazingly with the J Prum Riesling, a steal at $35 a bottle.... . Maybe I had a few too many glasses of the aforementioned wine, because I distinctly remember in between bites whispering to my girlfriend that I wanted to have sex with her on top of all the sumptuous vittles.  Of course, being the modest Thai lady that she is, she shushed me and expertly directed my passions towards the food despite entreaties from your humble author for acceptance of, "just the tip, sweetie...  come on, just the tip".  "OK, OK, later!" she hissed at me.  What a saint, mi corazon.... . Located in a semi-grimy strip mall, the location is nothing special, but the food was several notches above any Siamese cuisine I've had in the states.  Surprisingly, the service was very good as well.  Granted, I'm always expecting treatment at Asian restaurants to be one notch above the brutality that American POW's experienced by the Japanese during the Bataan Death March...  but illustrative of Thailand's "Land of Smiles" moniker, the servers were gracious, friendly and efficient.. . Total bill came out to $123 for all that food and wine.  Officiously, I took out $25 in cash and gently put it in the payment tray.  . . "What, you're not going to pay for the rest of the meal?" asked my now beleagured (but very satiated) girlfriend.  . . "Just the tip, sweetie" I replied slurringly...  "Just the tip."
Literally the best Thai food I have ever had! We talked to the server and had him send out an assortment of different things, most ones that I have never tried, and I am glad I tried them!  We had the Crispy Duck Panang, Garlic Prawns, and Sea Bass with Drunken Noodles just to name a few things.  We also dove into their Riesling list and had a great time!  Had several bottles that paired awesomely with the food, and to end night with a bang had a 30 year old bottle of Riesling to celebrate a birthday!  Amazing night!  Cannot wait to go back!
This is one of the best thai restaurants in town if you love thai this is the spot to head to. Nothing like having some great German wines with spicy food!
Thai food as good as it gets!!!
Don't let the shady community center and run down facade fool you as there is a gem of Thai culinary delight awaiting you on the inside. Without a doubt, this restaurant is deserving of its claims of the best Thai food restaurants in the country. James Beard culinary excellence prevails throughout. Definitely a must visit on anyone's food adventures.
Best Thai Food In Town !!!
Definitely a hidden treasure! Great prices! Surprisingly great selection of wine! . . Try the Penang curry crispy duck; it's to die for! :)
We almost didn't try this place but I am so happy we did! Possibly because I had this thought in my head that Thai food can't be much different from the many places that we already tried back home in Hawaii...or maybe it was because my friend who introduced us to some of our favorite Thai food places back home didn't care for this place much.  I am so glad that we ended up here regardless of the reasons pointing elsewhere because I really really enjoyed it. Since they are . . LOCATED near the airport (South side of the strip). It was convenient and the timing was right. . . FOOD - GREAT - We always order the same food items when trying a new Thai restaurant for the first time. It's basically so I can compare the taste. It's also our favorite dishes. . . Egg Roll/Spring Roll - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#30s9CUJHF-BaOe0FWkX9nQ I asked for Spring Roll and he said they call it egg roll here. This confused me as I always thought that Vietnamese and Thai call theirs spring rolls but he said they don't use the rice paper wrap. Didn't matter, I enjoyed it. Rice paper wrap, egg dough..whatever... it came out hot, it was crispy and had great filling. . . Pad Thai Noodle W/Chicken - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#skkyJU6psgsiM0M_AqMO9g I was very impressed with this dish. The noodles did not stick together, it was not too oily, and it had a very rich and strong peanut flavor. It also had the right amount of acidity to balance out the richness. This was one of the better pad Thai dishes that I have eaten. . . Panang Curry W/Beef - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#LhgLajbztEVV4jVr_ggEvQ We normally order panang curry or yellow curry but lately we been choosing panang more than yellow. Probably because panang is richer and creamier in flavor, and that is exactly what we got with this dish. They don't give a lot but you don't need a lot since this dish is packed with flavor.  . . Spice levels are based on a scale of 1-10 and we got level 7. This is about as high as I would like it to go here. Any higher and it would have probably killed the taste for me. . . The ENVIRONMENT here was very pleasant. Although it was very crowded, we didn't feel claustrophobic because they have lots of tables and are properly spaced out. The size of this place is a pretty decent size. We were even able to bring in our stroller. . . The SERVICE is good. As soon as we entered our hostess took us to a table to accommodate our stroller. A huge plus in my book. Our server also had proper knowledge and took care of us in a timely manner. I just wish he would have been a little happier but I can't dock them just on that. . . The OVERALL price for the quality of food here is totally worth it. I enjoyed the entire experience and I have to give this place 5 stars.
Take me to Thailand already!. . Was soooo excited to come here after hearing about this place for years! Thai restaurants are pretty standard in the Bay Area, so I was really hoping for something different. . . Reservations are a must for dinner (or anytime, probably)!! Or come right when they open at 5:30PM and get your name on the list. I came here on a Sunday night at 6PM and it was already a 30 to 45 minute wait for a table for two.. . Definitely try to order items you don't normally see at other Thai restaurants. That's the key. If you go for the same old stuff that everywhere else has, then that's what you're gona get... the same 'ol boring stuff. Try something different!. . Get the Nam Kao Tod! It's crispy puffy rice sauteed with sour sausage. It sounds a little weird, but it's delicious! I love the crispy texture and there's tons of tangy flavor from the sausage and citrus they put in it. Watch out for the heat though! It might not seem that spicy at first, but the spice creeps up on you and lingers!. . The drunken noodles with soft shell crab was SO GOOD. The sauce for the noodles is on the sweeter side. It's a nice compliment to the salty, crunchy soft shell crab. Don't forget to eat some of the deep fried basil leaves with it!. . But the most amaaazing thing was their mango and sticky rice! HANDS DOWN the BEST mango and sticky rice I've ever had! The mango was perfectly ripe and so sweet. The sticky rice was unique with the hint of floral in the background. And I couldn't get enough of their coconut milk!. . This is also a great place for you wine lovers! Their wine ROOM is astonishing. They have a whole binder as their wine list. They even have one FULL page dedicated to German Rieslings alone!. . The menu here is huge. There's no way you can hit everything in one visit. I need to come here every time I'm in Vegas until I try it all!
Best Thai food I have ever had.  Ended up going twice on my last trip to Vegas.
Not that Lotus of Siam needs another glowing review, but I think I've found my new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas! . . There can be a bit of a wait but they have a bar area thatyou can hang out in before they call you for your table. I noticed most tables were enjoying wine with their meal which is something I've never seen at other Thai restaurants. Their menu and wine selection is HUGE and they have plenty of specialty dishes from various regions.. . In attempt to tackle the menu, my best friend and I asked our waiter for some recommendations and he was more than happy to point out his favorites. We ordered the khao soi, tom yum soup, and pad thai. Luckily we mentioned that we were planning on ordering the mango sticky rice for dessert so he ran back to the kitchen to make sure that one plate (of the ten available that night) was saved for us which I thought was extremely sweet. . . WARNING: many of the dishes are spicier than they appear, don't try to impress your company with your strong palate because you WILL shed tears of spiciness. The waiters however noticed that we were struggling and came to the rescue with mini glasses of thai iced tea! The service here really is impeccable. That combined with the deliciousness of EVERY SINGLE dish we tried really impressed me. And the coconut sticky rice saved for us was the perfect ending to the meal. . . Plump shrimp. Epic combinations of sweet, hot, and sour. Chewy noodles. Ripe juicy mangos. Go get em tiger.
The phrase, "location, location, location", goes out the door when a restaurant becomes a "Destination." Lotus of Siam is definitely a "destination restaurant." Located in one of Vegas's more depressed and delapidated business centers, Lotus of Siam's offerings of very traditional Thai cuisine, and service, have become the reason for local celeb's, and tour groups, to travel to this unassuming location. While I just can't proclaim this or any spot as the "Best Thai Food" in the US...  given that thisis "Vegas Baby"..... Lotus of Siam is a real find. And in fact, if this operation were in a major hotel, it would probably be the star attraction... especially given my lowered opinion, over the years, of Vegas Strip restaurants.. . When my business associate and I arrived at Lotus this past Wednesday evening, around 6pm, I noticed the taxis dropping off clients. He noticed the "tour bus" stopping right in front of the restaurant, behind the taxis. His first words? "Let's book it and get in before they unload!" We quickly realized after entering that there are two dining rooms. It appeared busloads, and groups, are seated in the second dining room, where they're set up for larger groups. We had nothing to worry about.. . My thanks to Anita L., Irvine, for contributing her review to the line-up. After our first exhibit day, Wednesday, at a trade show in the Rio, I was thinking of how to follow up our Tuesday setup day. Tuesday found us "dinnering" at Memphis Championship BBQ in Henderson. It's one of my "regular stops" when in town. But for something different, I typed in "Thai", and at the top of the list was Lotus. Anita's one of my yelp-buds, and I respect her opinion. And with Thai cuisine, and for me, anyone who's visited or lived "in-country" certainly would have a "Thai Standard.". . Following Anita's review comments about "traditional cuisine...", I decided to see if I could replicate my taste experiences when I lived in a Lao-Thai village in Ubon, circa late 60's. For our table of two, I ordered the papaya salad, chicken satay, soft spring rolls, sticky rice, lard na (noodles) with beef, and yellow-coconut curry with chicken. Add to that a total of four Thai iced teas. (I make them at home!) It was a very good meal. The food actually did remind me of the food I ate in Thailand. I have to say that even the wait-staff's level and type of service was typical to any nice restaurant I've ever visited in Thailand.. . If you're thinking "Thai" in town, and to join in the cheer..... I'm voting Lotus of Siam  a "Best Bet in Vegas." And evidently, Louis Anderson, an entertainer who by "form" exhibits that he knows good food, thinks so too! Our table was directly under his signed photo with the owner. I'm sure this was one time that he... "...wasn't kidding!"   :-))
Great good and service. We got to meet the owner and he along with his family  are wonderful hosts.  See if they will show you the wine cellar!  Its way cool.  Its popular so prepare for a wait of typically 30 to 45 mins - don't worry though, I promise you won't regret the wait!
We've been eating at LOS for years and have been there so many times that luckily we've managed to order most of the menu. However we have 2 different ways we order when visiting LOS. The first way is just me and my hubs on a casual weeknight, we tend to order the few dishes that we haven't tried yet . The other is a weekend night with several guests along for a Thai feast. So this review will focus on the later, a sort of best of LOS if you will.. . On a side note you do not come here to order Pad Thai and the other super popular Thai dishes. LOS is famous for Northern style and Chef Chutima specialties, stick to those and you will not be disappointed. Also, LOS has 4 condiments but be sure to ask for all 4.. chili paste, chili powder, pickled jalapeno will be brought out in a caddy but the 4th is separate.. its thai chili in fish sauce and lime juice, you'll have to ask for this one. When they bring it lift the lid of carefully and inhale the fragrance. This to me is the LOS perfume and let me tell you this condiment is scorchingly hot. Its burns both ways but it tastes truly amazing! . . Apps... . #12 Stuffed Chicken Wings.. while these can be found elsewhere, the preparation here is a deep fried crunchy version that's amazing with pickled jalapeno and sticky rice. . . #13 A. Nua Dad Deaw which is Issan style beef jerky. Seriously, it's jerky so thinkdeeply flavored slices of chewy meat. Its fun to eat especially with sticky rice and some of the accompanied sauce. . . #14 Nam Kao Tod.. this is like the premier LOS appetizer, if you can order only one app, make it this one. We call this one simply crispy rice with sour sausage. However its the little pieces of sausage arent sour but have a porky lime flavor thats addictive paired with fresh ginger, green onions, chili, peanuts and of course this is all nestled into a pile of light crispy rice. Served with cucumber chips this tastes great using the chili fish sauce condiment. BTW, if you prefer the sausage whole order #66.. . Salads... . #45 Crispy Catfish Pieces Salad.. little deep friend pieces of cat fish with slices of apple and peanuts then dressed with lime juice.. Its bright, crispy and one of my favorites here. . . #59 Koi Soy.. okay so technically this isn't a salad but the coolness of this dish sits perfectly in the salad space for me. So what is it you ask? It's Issan style beef tartare. Yep raw beef and its a gorgeous dish with minced beef dressed with chili, rice powder and lime. We've ordered this at a spice level 4 and let me say that our faces felt like they were going to burn off. Order at a 1 spice level and add your own heat via condiments. Trust me on this.. . Entrees... . A. Khao Soi.. typical street food noodle dish but the version here is crazy good. We always order beef with this but if you're feeling like a high roller get the beef short rib version (you'll pay more but its marginally more tender). Its simple, toothsome egg noodles afloat in a curried coconut bream broth garnished with red onion, lime and pickled cabbage. Its rich, thick and a must order. . . K. Kang Hung Lay (Pork Stew Northern Curry).. this is one of those dishes that has a far reaching flavor profile. To me this curry could easily be on a table in India.. its dark deep pork richness is fork tender and perfect over steamed rice. However many prefer to eat this one with sticky rice. . . Drunken Noodles.. we order this a couple of different ways depending on what the table wants.. most popular way is Drunken Noodle with Crispy Sea Bass with extra noodle. The sea bass is lightly dusted and deep fried until its light and crispy. Inside the meat is light, flakey and a great contrast to the rich smokey noodles. The other preparation for us is Drunken Noodle with Crispy Duck. Same as above but with slices of deep fried duck breast (no bones in either). The duck is rich, slightly fatty and bursting with flavor. For me the duck is my favorite preparation but I also like heavier meat flavors. . . Garlic Prawns.. so for the longest time we never ordered this dish as we thought it was just a Chinese style dish, boy were we wrong. This is where Chef Chutima works her Thai culinary magic. She takes large shell on shrimp and cooks them in such a way that the meat is tender and juicy while the shell is as light and crispy as a potato chip. Yes, you eat the shell, legs and all. This is truly a magical dish for us. . . Dessert.. . . We're usually so full right about now that desserts of sticky rice and mango seems just to heavy for us. Though look up my review for Luv-It Frozen Custard for a tongue cooling treat (its close to LOS).. . At some point in the future I will write a companion review to this review for those who want to explore other dishes but have been overwhelmed with the scale of the menu. Oh and in case you're wondering the amount of dishes we ordered above are good for about 4-6 people. Though we're really big eaters so a party of 4 is more like it for us. . . Bon appetite!
I've been told that this was rated "Best Thai restaurant in the US", and I have to say that it's true! The quality and flavoring of the food is worth it's expensive price. . . Reading through all the reviews although highly praisedno one recommended any of the items. So my suggestion is anything with the pork. AMAZING!
Shady looking location, but the best Thai food I've had in my life. There's a reason there's a photos of Thomas Keller with the owner behind the cash register. There are a lot of traditional dishes that will keep me coming back until I try them all.
The food is amazing and truly authentic. It's so inconspicuous but once you find the location, you'll know it's the right place because it's bustling and packed in there. It can be a 2 hour wait if you don't have reservations. . . Our waiter was great and recommended a few of his favourites to us. All great choices.. We had this appetizer ( don't remember the name) that was made with crispy rice, flavoured with sweet, sour, and spicy sauce. It was divine. . . My favourite was the seafood drunken noodles. They are a must!. . We told my mother in law about this place when she travelled to Vegas, and she went 3 days in a row.
Do yourself a favor and make a reservation prior to arrival otherwise you may be waiting for quite some time for a table. This place is hidden in the same shopping center of the notorious Green Door. Don't let that stop you from going here though!. . The very BEST Thai spot I have ever eaten on the west coast. If you're not a fan of spices order 0. What most Thai spots elsewhere consider a 5 this place covers in a 2-3 rating for spice. The soft shell drunken noodles are to die for. Service once you're seated is very quick. . . I'm not a wine drink or alcohol drinker BUT rumor has it they have an amazing bottle of wine and their selection is quite exclusive.
The best Thai food in Vegas... baby!  Try to time your visit to be at a non-peak time so don't have to wait so long for a table, as it gets busy here.  . . The chicken pad thai was extraordinary!  Overall, prices are very reasonable (especially for a busy restaurant in Las Vegas). . . I have been here right as they were closing and they held the kitchen open until I got my order in.  Now that's service!  Will be sure to return.  . . Lotus of Siam, if I ever become a famous songwriter, then I will write a song just for you!
The parking lot is shady it looks small from outside but the inside is large...and busy. The coconut soup is really good...if you ask for spicy you'll get spicy. The papaya salad is wonderful. But did I say spicy....!!! Wow!!! I ordered the green curry with tofu I have to say      It is amazing...hands down the best Thai food I have ever had!
I come here every time I am in Vegas.  Dinner time is always busy so patience is required.  My favorites are spicy papaya salad, drunken noodles with soft shell crabs,  and fried rice.
If you are looking for an unassuming ethnic restaurant located in a strip mall in not the best part of town that serves authentic high-quality food from a James Beard award-winning chef at reasonable prices ... well, many people would tell you that you're insane, and such a place cannot possibly exist. But such a place does exist my friends. It's called Lotus of Siam - known to many as the best Thai restaurant in America for over a decade, and home to the culinary masterpieces of multiple-time nominee and 2011 James Beard award-winning chef Saipin Chutima. . . I first went to Lotus on my first trip to Vegas in 2008, after hearing continuous raves from my close friend and Yelper Jay F. They were already starting to get a buzz then, with one magazine proclaiming them the best Thai restaurant in America, and it's been great to see how the buzz has grown to Beard Awards and feature episodes on Top Chef Masters. A couple of weeks back was my first trip there in about four years, and it was nice to see that the restaurant has been expanded and renovated inside to better reflect it's reputation and quality cuisine. . . My friend and I arrived at close to 9PM on a Monday night. They close at 9:30, but true to Lotus form, they were PACKED and more were flocking in. We took a seat at the nice bar (new since I last visited) and was pleased to see a small but thoughtful selection of bottled beer (many people were enjoying Stone IPA) and a selection of sake. (Wine is the thing to come here for - they have an impressive selection and showcase their wine storage room prominently - but I'm just not a wine person.) Shortly after ordering and receiving my hot sake, we were called for our table. . . We started with 2 apps - the Issan Style Beef Jerky (13a) and Nam Ko Tod (14), which is essentially a crispy rice salad served with minced sour pork sausage and unlike anything I have ever had. Amazing. As always, we ordered both a 10 spicy, but felt these were a little lower - maybe a 7 in "Lotus Spice", which is equal to the "10" at most other places. . . For my entree, I decided to bypass the "go to" dishes I had tried in the past and went with a traditional Massaman curry. And that's the great thing about Lotus - they have a huge menu with some truly creative and unique offerings that will blow you away. But for the less adventurous, they offer the same traditional Thai dishes that you can get at any neighborhood Thai restaurant, and at the same price. The difference is that it is prepared by a highly decorated chef, and it will be the best version of the traditional Thai dish you have ever had. I'll put my neighborhood Thai restaurant in Manassas up against any Thai restaurant in America - except Lotus. This was, hands down, the best Massaman curry I have ever had. And this time, the 10 spicy was indeed a 10 ... several pitchers of water were needed. (And you certainly are reminded the day after that you indeed did order the "10"). . If there is any issue with Lotus, it's that the service can be a little bit hit or miss. There was some confusion with the server, and my friend was served the wrong entree. However, after pointing this out, our server went back to the kitchen and produced the proper entree in minutes ... and it was spot on. They make mistakes, but they handle them properly and professionally. . . Lotus isn't just the best Thai in Vegas ... it's the best Thai in America, the best restaurant in Vegas, and one of the best restaurants in America. All at prices that are no more expensive than your typical Thai restaurant. Any foodie that's been to Vegas and hasn't been to Lotus can't call themselves a foodie or say they've really been to Vegas. It's THAT good.
They have spicy but flavorful food. The northern style larb and seafood hot and sour soup are my favorites. I would suggest you make reservations because it is a 45 minute wait easily, and that's on a Tuesday night.
OMG the food here was amazing!  The outside of the restaurant is deceiving.  Once you squeeze past the tiny entrance, the restaurant opens up and is actually quite large.  I will definitely  return the next time I am in Vegas.
Another delicious meal at Lotus of Siam, going to Vegas is not just for gambling anymore, it's to have the best Thai food in the Country.. . If you still haven't tried this place, you are definitely missing out big time. This is how Thai food is suppose to taste.
I cannot say enough about Lotus of Siam.  Every time I have come here, all of the food has been amazing.  Always start with the crispy rice appetizer.  The flavors are so unique and a great combination of spicy, sour, and crunchy.  I always order the panang curry and it never disappoints.  The Tom Kha soup is also a must have.  All of the employees from the bartenders to the servers are eager to answer any questions, help you navigate through the menu, and point you in the right direction of something you will enjoy.  Don't worry about it being too spicy, just tell them on a scale of 1-10 how spicy you would like it.   it's a gift and a curse that I live so close to this amazing restaurant.  If you're visiting Vegas and want to get off the strip for some great dining you really need to visit Lotus.
I was skeptical of the reviews here.. I have had my share of thai and authentic thai. I am thai and this is bomb!!! Food portions are perfect and pad thai is amazing! Rad na is great too! It's not authentic unless you have raw shrimp salad...and this place has it!!
Best Thai food in the WORLD!  Hands down.  I  have had Thai food in Chicago and in California but this is the best.  For appetizers I get the beef satay with peanut sauce....delicious!  For my main course I always get the chicken Masamun curry which is yellow curry in coconut cream with peanuts, onions, potatoes, and tomatoes.  It is creamy and tastes very good with white rice.  I would also recommend the Drunken Crab noodle which is soft shell crab in noodles...my boyfriend's favorite!  For dessert I usually get the sweet sticky rice with fresh mango or the banana rolls.  Since you are there I would recommend that you get the Thai ice coffee or tea because it is one of the best that I have tasted.  You do have to make reservations at least 24 hours before because they get packed quickly.  I have actually seen tourists from the Strip take a cab to this place.  What does that tell you? :)
My friends and I wanted to find something to eat off the strip and we found this place on yelp. Decided to stop by and was told the wait was 2-3hrs for a party of 5. It was cool with us because we weren't that hungry and they let us put our number down so they will call us when it's ready and we can then decide if we still wanted to come. The wait turned out to be only about 1hr. I had imagined the place to be rather small since the waiting area was pretty tight. It was pretty cool to see all the news article written about the place.. . The food there was absolutely delicious. I actually think about the food I ate there still pretty much every day. We ordered a lot of the recommended items yelpers suggested. The Drunken Noodle Garlic Prawn shrimp was amazing! The prawns were freaking goood! It was 22 dollars but so worth it! The Nam Cam Tod...i think that's what it's called was also very unique. Never had anything like it before but it was so very good. For a group of 5 we ordered Pad Thai, Yellow Curry, Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp, Drunk Noodle Garlic Prawn, Drunken Noodle with Seafood, Pineapple fried rice, Nam Kom Tod. Our bill came out to be 125 and we had a lot of leftover that we ate later that night. I'm for sure going back to this place next time and recommending to all my friends!
What and Amazing Experience! The food was flavorful, freshly prepared, and spot on! What an amazing wine list - my friend is a Sommelier - was mesmerized by the variety and affordable price point. The only thing that I have to say negative is that the service is not nearly as OUTSTANDING as the food!
hot dam this place is too bom. went there on sunday night 02/24/2013 at like 9pm. when most ppl wouldve gotten the fk out of vegas hours b4.. walked in and noticed holycrap the whole place is packed.. . the location is away from the strip . on the east side of las vegas blvd on Sahara. . it is in a non-descript massive strip mall. with a bar called Cue Club nearby it. . u have to enter from the backside wher the parking lot is.. the parking lot will seem a bit shady but its not bad.. . the grub was as fantastic as winning big in the casinos. we tried numerous plates and were like . holycrap to everything we tried. . we noticed that the menu has like 100 or more items. so we just asked the staff whatever they recommended. . got sake daiginjo bomb!!!. orders we got were all excellent including. a cold shrimp appetizer that comes with some chilis, dipping sauce. which tasted like coconut soup flavor somewhat (bommmmb!!), . we had a fried lobster that is market price tax that ass expensive. but oh wow what a fantastic massive plate.. also had Thai beef jerky it came with a waay bom dipping sauce. a great duck breast cuts plate. wow so good. . . we also had some other orders . i cant remmeber i was ultra faded beyond drunk.. i know we had a great time. and everyone loved everything,. . take ur ass here when u go to vegas.. probly best thai place i've ever eaten at including in LA where i live. . (actually just came back from Thailand, u must go the food is incredible!!). will be back 100% for sure on future visits.. . there are all the usual soup dishes including Tom Kha Kai . but we had a crazy ass beef with stock soup that was sooooo banging. i miss all them plates already.. . staff are nice and the customers there were all chill. . there was a family next to us from Torrance, CA . that were eating a plate that actually convinced me to go . which was a garlic shrimp plate. looked so goooddddd. but we did not have more room. . also, from what i understand the drunken noodles dishes are . supposd to be extra good which is more reason for us to return again!!
Good Thai food. I believe this place was made famous by food network which is why it's so busy.  The decor is nice for a hole in the wall.  I order the Pad Thai, Larb, and Pad See Eww.  All good dishes and made really well.  Would definitely come back if i lived in Vegas.
Dear everybody who visits, lives in or wants to go to Las Vegas anytime soon:. . There is a whole city off the strip! Most of it is "blah", but this little gem on East Sahara is better than most of those fancy, overrated celebrity chef restaurants in the major hotels.. . EVERYTHING IS GOOD. Their most popular dishes are spectacular. They also have a cheap lunch buffet with Pad Thai, a curry, a few other dishes and one of my favorite dishes there, the Garlic Wings. The Garlic wings are amazing...dry (no sauce) and little dry garlic chips all over - sooo good!!!. . I try to go whenever I'm in Vegas for work, and the place is always filled with business men and women having lunch meetings and tourists rolling in via taxis and rental cars.. . I am not much of a wine connoisseur, but apparently this place has a legendery wine list as well - I've seen wine distributers there on many occasions.
I am Thai, and I gotta say this is the best that food I have ever had (sorry Mom).
On our recent visit to Vegas, we trekked out to the famous Lotus of Siam.  Taxi drivers know about this place, there are photos of celebrities all over their walls, and reservations are highly recommended.  When we arrived at 6pm on a Wednesday, the restaurant was empty... but it got packed after 7pm.  Here is what we ordered (on a scale of 1-10 on spice, we got 2, and it was plenty spicy):. . 1) Nam Prik Ong - featured on "Best Thing I Ever Ate".  Very interesting... it's like a chili dip accompanied by a bunch of things you can dip with.  I can't say I loved it, but it was definitely unique.  Wouldn't get it again but definitely worth trying out.. 2) Pad Thai - very good but the noodles are skinnier than your traditional pad thai.. 3) Drunken Noodles - SO Yummy!  . 4) Papaya Salad - very good!. 5) Fried Garlic Prawns - my favorite dish.  I loved how they took the shrimp OUT of its shell before they battered & fried it.  It was seasoned & cooked perfectly.. 6) Chicken Satay - just like any other Thai restaurant. 7) Yellow Curry with Chicken - the chicken was good cuts of breast meat & potato was cooked perfectly.  . . Some people say that this is the best Thai restaurant in America.  I don't know if I'd go that far... but then again, I can't name a Thai restaurant that I think is better.  What I love about Lotus of Siam is that they offer all your traditional Thai dishes that you are used to ordering and then they have some really unique dishes that you can't find in other Thai restaurants.  Is it worth the hype?  YES.
Absolutely loved this place.  Every dish here was amazing tasty!!  The Garlic Prawn we had even the shell was delicious lol.  Cripy Duck Curry... whoooo.  So good :)  Service was awesome.  Got to try it if you havent!!
This place is the reason I started to like Thai Food.  This place is what showed me there's more than just Pad Thai and augmented Chinese food dishes.  Growing up in NY, I'm used to some of the best places being a hole-in-the-wall so this place makes me feel right at home.  This restaurant is surprisingly inexpensive when you consider the type of dining experience you get at other restaurants on the strip.  My favorites are the crispy rice, duck in red curry and my all time favorite is the Nua Yang Prik Thai Onn, which is sliced steak that is as tender as you can imagine, sauteed with red chili paste and peppercorns.  I go to a level seven on spicy, but I'm a little crazy.  They also have an AMAZING wine list.  My favorite pairing is the mango w/sweet sticky rice and a dessert Gewurztraminer.   YOU SHOULD ALWAYS MAKE A RESERVATION! DO NOT JUST SHOW UP FOR DINNER! YOU WILL NOT GET A TABLE!
The Crispy Duck Curry with drunkin noodles...  OMG!!  one of the best foods I have ever eatten.  IN MY LIFE!!
Absolutely delicious Thai for an extremely reasonable price. Located off the strip in a run down strip mall, this foodie heaven is definitely worth the walk but be sure to get reservations because it opens at 11:30 and by 11:45 it is at max capacity.
Alright, let's talk Thai;  I could eat Thai food everyday, for every meal, I literally cannot get enough of Thai food into my pie hole. And I would gladly move to Thailand in a heartbeat if it weren't the sauna sweatbox of tropical equator hell, where  I'd look like a tool that had taken a shower in my clothes pretty much whenever I walked outside....  not pretty.  So as a consolation, I've been terribly fortunate to have the best Thai restaurant in the U.S. right in my own back yard, (well, ten miles away but whatever) within the first week of moving here, I had my first experience at Lotus of Siam and my world has never been the same since.  . . And what a surprise that here, in this archaic mish mash of tired trashy tourist sin reeking of cheap vodka and regret, there lies a culinary palace in the most unsavory of places, but a landmark nonetheless, (and ever since it's small cameo on Top Chef, the hoards of tourists have increased tenfold, making wait times to over an hour at peak times).  In a rundown shopping center east of the Strip, Chef Saipin creates some the loveliest, humble yet sophisticated dishes that make up for the lack of ambience.. . Now please, please do not be disparaged by the desolate location and crappy shopping center facade; yes, it is dilapidated and no, your car will not get jacked (many a friend have periodically checked to see if their car's still there) no worries, the homeless keep an eye out for ya!  They've even told me I had a brake light out, which deserved a buck...good people, those cracky addicts.... . As you enter through what I can only imagine is akin to walking through the entryway of a Western Union in Compton, you've suddenly matrixed into a crowded, tiny vestibule that is indicative of the original size of the restaurant.  In fact it's recently gone trough an expansion, and when you've managed to squeeze past the herd, the room on the right is the expansion, while directly in front of you is the original dining room.  And the interior, although updated, has the exact the same finishes: green carpeting dark, mahogany wood chair rails, brass railings and oddly scaled glass drop chandeliers....it's like a time machine into retro...without the chic... which I have grown to absolutely love, like visiting grandma's house in the not so nice neighborhood during the Holidays.. . Apart from your typical Thai Apps, (Shrimp Toast, Stuffed Chicken Wings)  The Moo Dad Deaw is an awesome starter, akin to a Bar snack item, to be eaten with a nice cold beer.  These succulent, juicy, tender pieces of pork are the precursor to chicken fingers, you can easily pop these suckers one after one in your mouth; as a good accompaniment, have some Sticky Rice to go with it; go ahead wreck your diet, you weren't serious about those New Year's resolutions anyways.... . My favorite curry dish on the menu, which isn't you normal curry dish:  the Braised Short Rib with Penang Curry - this luxurious dish has all the depth and richness laid into it's protein not usually paired with Thai cuisine but definitely makes sense.  The hearty Short Rib goes so well with Penang, which is so good, Chef Saipin add Cognac into the Curry which elevates it to whole different level.  I bypass all the other curries cuz I know this one has the best flavor profile out of all of them.. . Lotus of Siam has made me a Pad See Ew snob, ever since that first time I ate here, the quality and technique that is executed here is so superb; I honestly have to remind myself that it's not supposed to be this good!  First, the Noodles have that perfect texture; mochi chewiness but firm enough to achieve maximum noodle satisfaction.  Combine it with the Egg, Beef, Broccoli and sweet Soy, it's such an addictive dish that's light yet savory with just a hint of Black Pepper to tighten the palate...just yum.. . Another all time favorite of mine:  Crab Fried Rice.  The way that Lotus makes this dish is pretty unbelievable, the rice is incredibly fluffy with a light infusion of crab broth.  I love finding morsels of Crab and Egg as if it's a treasure hunt and there's always a big hunk of Tomato wedge that's seems so out of scale with everything else that's on the plate.  But, as I've ordered this dish consecutively on numerous occasions, it's become a endearing and integral component that adds acidity to an otherwise aromatic, subtle dish.  It is a must-get item on the menu, but be warned, it's not an all out powerhouse of strong flavors, so you may want to order it as an earlier course before the heavier dishes arrive to your table. . . As dining experiences go, it's all over the place except for the food.  And in the end, with moderate prices, I can't really say that anything else affect the fact that Lotus has the best Thai food I've ever had.  . . Ratings (Out of Five Stars). Food:          5+++. Ambience:  2 (much improved hole in the wall). Service:       4.75 (they're always so busy, it can't be helped)
After a long drive from LA to Vegas I was ready to hit up Lotus of Siam. No buffets for me..they all taste the same. . . My girlfriend was a bit skeptical due to its location on an old strip mall. LOL.. . As soon as we enter she was impressed with the see through wine cellar and pictures of celebrities and Iron chef Bobby Flay. I also mention the owner/chef Saipin Chutima was a James Beard Award winning chef. WIth that in mind our expectaction of her Northern style food was high.. . We ordered Drunken noodle with seabass and Prawn.  . . Drunken Noodle with seabass gets 4 1/2 stars. The noodle (4stars)  was good, but i was expecting something speciall. On the other hand the Seabass was 5 stars. It was crispy on the outside and melt in your mouth fresh in the middle. WOW it was soo good. . . Prawn (5 Stars)  This is something special that you don't find anywhere else. Its skin was split away from its meat. Which both were cooked in perfection. I took a bite of the meat first and then ate the skin which were so soft and crunchy. Its texture mirrors a crispy potato chip. This was a perfect dish!! . . There many good Thai restaurants here in LA. I have never taste anything as good as Lotus' Seabass and Prawn here in LA.
Place is INCREDIBLE, there's not a better restaurant in the country in terms of taste and value.  If you love Thai, this is your #1.  . . The dumpy strip mall location is pretty incongruent with how great this place is, plus you usually wade through 2-3 guys in the parking lot wanting to "wash" your car.  In a strange way, once you start making regular trips this becomes part of it's charm.. . Get a reservation, bring a group, and go to town on this amazing menu.  Don't leave without trying some of these:. . Chicken fried rice. Nam kao tod (strange, delicious sausage). Any of the soups. Any of the curries . Drunken noodle - sea bass or chicken. Papaya salad (go MILD or they'll be laughing at you in the kitchen from your pain). Braised short rib with noodle. . Great selection of wine and thai beer.  . . I usually go at least twice when in Vegas.  If you're lucky you'll be waited on by the guy who refuses to write down your order no matter how larger or how complicated it is.  Think he's a blackjack pro, too.
Hands down best Thai food on the West Coast!
Don't be turned off by the location-- Lotus of Siam is worth the hype. I opted to go for the pad thai and see how a James Beard award winner adapts a tried & true classic. My oh my am I glad I made that decision. Lotus of Siam is not only delicious, but reasonably priced! . . Be sure to call early (and often-- the phone was busy for hours) to get a reservation, as this place gets packed.
This place definitely did NOT disappoint! What we ordered the first time:. . 1.) Garlic Prawns- To die for! This is a must order- EVERY SINGLE TIME!. 2.) Red Chili Paste with Veggies- YUM! I would go with #6 spicyness...just the right amount. . 3.) Crispy Duck Penang Curry- It was heavenly! Another must order dish!. 4.) Seabass Drunken Noodles- It was good but I can go with out. I would rather try something else.. . Every time we are in Vegas....we always come back to Lotus of Siam and it's always amazing. . . Advice: ALWAYS Make reservations!!
Not for the faint of heart. YES, everything you read about this location is true and when you go at night for dinner, it's especially scary but oh so worth the risk! . . Once you step inside, it's as if you walked through the looking glass. The restaurant is huge, with a very large wine room that you can see through the glass walls. We didn't make reservations and our expected wait was 45 minutes for three but were seated in a short 15 minutes, just enough time to order drinks at the bar. Note that they only serve beer, wine (huge selection) and sake.. . Service was efficient and our waiter was very helpful with suggestions. I was determined not to order regular dishes but was with some diners that aren't that adventurous, so no raw meat, liver or too spicy!. . We ordered Tod Mun Plar, Garlic/Pepper Chicken Wings and Pad Thai. All were very good, fresh and more than enough to share for 4 but only three of us. Also, luckily we ordered  these typical dishes because it was all the non spicy eater in our group could eat, although the fish cakes had a little kick.. . We ordered the Squid garlic, sauce was amazing, even just with rice! The waiter suggested the Braised Short Rib with Panang and Thai Basil Catfish. Here is where we tread the spicy fantastic. We specifically ordered mild and their mild is a regular joe's spicy! It was great and depth of flavors, even with the heat, were so good. Thankfully, the water server did her rounds regularly and filled our glasses each time!. . The fifth star really is for the price. Six dishes and drinks for three (enough food for four) was under $100, unheard of for such great food, environment and service.
Best Thai food in Vegas! The worst location, you will feel like you might get jumped in the parking lot. =) But it is totally worth it. Make a reservation and go with a group. Order as many things asyou can. It will not disappoint. My favorites are the steak salad, pad Thai and some kind of chicken (can't remember name).
We arrived with a party of three at lotus without a reservation and told them we had a show in an hour and a half so they were nice enough to rush us through despite wait being 45 minutes at the time. They even said our orders would be placed first and indeed it was; we got our food within 10 minutes of ordering and the bill was brought during the end of our meal which was excellent since we had a show to see.. . The food was excellent, i had duck curry at spice level for 1/10 which is mild to medium spice for an average person. last time I was here i got 5 which is basically insanely hot so I recommend going low if you haven't been here before. This is considered the best Thai restaurant in ALL OF NORTH AMERICA by numerous magazines and it definitely lives up to the hype.. . *The show we went to see was Penn & Teller at the Rio and that was a great show. 5 Stars.
i hope if you are reading my review, its on your iphone/galaxy phone on your way to the restaurant. seriously, im not kidding. one of the best meals EVER, its in a shopping mall, but dont let it fool you!. . the fried garlic prawns were really good!  the shells were a little weird to eat, but interesting....  my wife and I are big pad thai fans and this was FANTASTIC!  Very authentic, not like the american version of pad thai so don't expect that!. . it also has a ridiculous reisling selection, one that rivals the most high end restaurants!
This gem never disappoints.  Make a reservation, as it books early--and with good reason.  I've been here multiple times, and each time it produced the best food of my stay in Las Vegas.  Very good wine list, too, along with terrific service.
Had an absolutely fantastic meal here as usual. The beef thai salad and curry dishes are always fantastic here. The wait staff is friendly and food gets to you fresh and fast. Highly recommended and very close to the strip for access to gaming and shows!
Ok so I'm watching Top Chef Masters in Las Vegas, and all the masters are treated to a dinner at Lotus of Siam for a "lesson" in authentic Thai cooking.  It's very clear that all these chefs are blown away by every dish at the table, so before the show was even over I was bookmarking Lotus of Siam on yelp for a future trip.  It helped even more, when I booked a Vegas trip with a friend and the first thing out of his mouth was, "We must eat at Lotus of Siam.". . My advice is to explore the menu in advance, there are so many wonderful sounding dishes, that you can be overwhelmed if you wait until you sit down.  So get a game plan in order because there are 167 dishes on the menu.  We heard the Northern Thai dishes are very special here and you don't get them in most Thai restaurants in the US.  First up was the Sai Oua - Northern Sausage.  This was a pork sausage with some kick to it.  I liked pairing it with some of the crunchy veggies on the plate for some contrast and it also mellowed out the spice a bit.  We were going to compare this with an order of the Issan Sausage, but our waiter told us not to bother, since it would be no contest. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#rJOafb9EviIxvHmuRImkTA. . Nam Prik Ong was featured once on "The best thing I ever ate".  So you know I had to try it.  It's a very tasty Northern ground pork based red chili tomato sauce dip and not very spicy, but packed full of flavor.  It's served with all kinds of crunchy veggies to spread on as well as a few pork rinds.  I will most likely order this every time I go back.  Works well as an appetizer and unique to this restaurant. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#w0R40SdZ1M2T6vi_nL7ioQ. . A yelper friend of mine, Anita L., bragged about the Nua Nam Tok.  Our waiter warned us that this was a cold dish as some people are surprised.  Well it wasn't actually served cold, but slightly warm at room temperature.  The beef is coated in rice powder which gives it an unusual texture.  The flavor of the sauce was very strong and similar to a Nam Sod, heavy on the lime flavor.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#QwdrDHXlRPQY1CXH6XvNQA. . We felt obligated to get a few standard Thai dishes as a place of reference.  Tom Kah  Kai is a soup that most people are very familiar with.  Lotus of Siam's version was very spicy and if you slurp it up the wrong way, it will get your eyes watering.  I love spicy, so no problems with me.  What I liked about this version was that the lemongrass flavor wasn't lost in the coconut milk at all. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#YZAR3oSugi4fd6bammVMzg. . My buddy loves Pad Thai (as most people do).  I'm not that fond of the dish, but I will say I'm glad that I got to try it here.  Perhaps I've had so many bad versions of it, that I'm jaded.  This was by far the best Pad Thai that I've ever had.  I would order it again in a second.  We had it with Chicken. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#9UnnMrrfaKk53Uuv-pPyuQ. . Last up was a Green Curry with Beef.  I love green curry and I love it spicy.  I was asked on a scale of 1 to 10.  I went with a 8.  Lke most things in Vegas; it was fun at the time, but I paid dearly for it the next morning.  It was very spicy and whatever they spiced it up with was green, because other places I've seen all kinds of ground up red chili in there, not in this curry.  Glad I had plenty of rice to soak up this delicious sauce http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas?select=lEMdN1ShZ1X41uUUg83JTQ#tQBHtC3JR05nKHCMFp-PaA  . . Yes Lotus of Siam, should be on your must do list of Vegas.  I would make reservations, as it gets crowded.  We were seated promptly at our 8:30 reservation time on a Friday night.  Others who didn't think ahead had to wait.  The restaurant is much larger than it looks from the outside and has most likely expanded a few times, taking over their former next door neighbors.  Taking a large group here would be great as you can sample many dishes, as a true food tourist should.
Really didnt like how this place looked from the outside, totally ate my words when I tried the food. I would say this is the best Thai place to eat in Vegas or at least one of the top 3. Its a hidden treasure.
I eat a lot of Thai food and this is definitely one of the best. And for as much Thai food as I eat, Lotus still had a selection of Thai dishes I had never seen before.. . I went with a large group and we ate family style. We got a number of the normal Thai dishes - panang curry, pad see ewe, pad thai, etc. They were all great with one odd exception. No one in the group was a fan of the pad thai. There was something different about it, the color was much darker almost as if they had added some sort of tomato paste (guessing). But everything else was fantastic.. . The highlight for me was the thai dishes I had never seen before. There was a short rib in some very spicy orange sauce (forget the name exactly) which was absolutely superb and I will get it EVERY time I return. It is simply fantastic. We also had a unique seabass dish which was good on its own, but great with some other spicy sauce that was served with the dish. . . I would highly, highly recommed Lotus of Siam as the best off-the-strip restaurant I've been to in Vegas.
Having lived in Vegas for a few years, I've been to a lot of restaurants in town from hole in the wall to upscale places and everything in between but Lotus of Siam is one of my favorites.  They renovated the interior a few years ago so it's nicer and more spacious than it used to be.  They have also added an extensive wine selection.  . . I usually order the same thing (pad thai, tom yum soup, yellow curry) at Thai restaurants but at this restaurant, I also order different seafood dishes and they have all been amazing.  I recommend the garlic prawns or garlic squid for seafood lovers.  It's best to call ahead for a reservation, especially on the weekends.  I recently tried to dine on a weekday night but they no longer had space for reservations so I went the next day for lunch instead.
This food is so good!! Everytime i visit Vegas i eat here. I always get their garlic prawn, crab rice, and charbroiled prawn with fresh chili and lime. its to die for!!!!!!!!!!. . Its not in the best area but its worth it. There's alot of poor people and its not well lit.
Funny story about this place... as discerning yelpers know, it's a bit off the strip, somewhat near the convention center, in a run down strip mall; don't let that steer you away, though.  When we got dropped off around 1:30 for a late lunch, the cabbie advised us to just have the restaurant call for a cab when we were done.  . . Thinking nothing of it, I approached the counter and asked them to call for a cab when our bill came.  We were told there was a cabbie strike in progress in vegas, and the wait times could be 30-60 minutes.  So, we went outside, and sure enough, ended up waiting 30-40 minutes, and still no cab.. . Since we had eaten a late lunch, so the restaurant had closed to prepare for the dinner rush at this point, and out trots Saipin Chutima, along with her son and daughter.  We were standing with another couple who had been waiting nearly as long as we were, and all four of us recognized the owner and head chef from her appearance in the most recent season of Top Chef Masters.  They walked over to a pair of cars, and pulled them around in front of the restaurant.. . Saipin's daughter Pennapa introduced herself, and apologized for the lengthy delay of our cabs.  They then proceeded to offer us rides to the Las Vegas Hilton, which is the closest major resort to the shop, so that we could arrange quick transport to our final destinations, rather than wait here with uncertainty.  Needless to say, we all accepted.. . The other couple went off with Saipin's son, while my wife and I got to ride with Saipin and her daughter, who drove.  They were both extremely pleasant, with Pennapa making small talk about our trip and lamenting the service they've been getting from the cabbies due to the strike.  They asked about our meal, and what we had liked and disliked.. . Once we got dropped off at LVH, we waved goodbye, and stood next to the same couple again laughing and wondering what had just happened.  Say what you will about the location and decor of Lotus of Siam; you will never in your life find better service than what we received there.  . . Oh, right.  The food.  That's easy... simply the best Thai I have ever eaten.  No question.. . We had Nam Prik Ong, which I had never had before, but will now actively search for.  Amazing, amazing, amazing.  Sticky rice is a must with this dish.  We also had an order of drunken noodles with soft shell crab.  My wife and I agreed that it was the best we'd ever had.  Of course, we also had some Pad Thai.  Also the best we've ever eaten.. . Give this place your patronage at all costs; you will not be disappointed.
Attended an academic conference down the street from here and a friend managed to get us a reservation. Some of the best Thai food I've ever had (and that's saying a lot!). Curry was just amazingly sweet, salty, and hot; veggies were fresh and crisp; the rice was perfect! Word of this place spread like wildfire through the conference, and everyone who went raved about it. Hated Vegas. Hated it. But I'd go back in a heartbeat just to eat at Lotus of Siam again!
I dont get the 4 star reviews.  If this isnt a perfect dining experience, what could possibly make the grade?   I love Thai food, have been to many restaurants, have studied it and cooked it.  This was quite simply the best Thai food I have ever experienced, by a mile, served at a fair price promptly, hot, by a friendly staff.  You can choose anything and it is fantastic,  When you go, try things off the Northern Menu for a unique and rare experience.  Someone here on Yelp said crispy duck in curry is life changing, and he/she is right.  We paired it with Panang, our favorite curry.  Breathtaking.  Crispy garlic shrimp were also mind altering.  Tom Ka Gai soup perfect.  Spicy garlic wings perfect. Scallops in red curry perfect. Khao Soi (Northern) perfect. Spicy seafood fried rice perfect.  My only regret is I know not when I will be able to go again as I live elsewhere.  If I lived there I would go several times a week.  Try it.  There are a lot of restaurants on the Strip that could learn a thing or two about non-pretentious fantastic food served at a fair price for a good value.  Its just off the Strip, easy to get to.  Go.
Without any doubt in my mind, the best Thai food I've ever eaten. The STUFFED CHICKEN WINGS were an incredible stater. My not some brave friend ordered the COMBINATION FRIED RICE and even that simple dish was knock you out of your chair good. I had the CRISPY DUCK with CHILI and MINT, best duck ever! I will never step foot in Vegas without visiting this amazing place.
The food at Lotus of Siam was absolutely delicious. This was my first visit, but I'm already looking forward to eating here the next time I come to Vegas.. . My favorite dish was Koong Char Num Plar: raw prawns served with lime, chili paste,  garlic slice, mint leaf, & a flavorful fish sauce. It was a simple dish with well balanced, complex flavors. . . I also ordered fried fish cakes (appetizer), panang (curry), and a jack fruit dish with fish (northern). For dessert I had fried banana & coconut ice cream. The bananas were wrapped in a sheet which reminded me of fried egg rolls; it was tasty and different than expected.
It doesn't get any better than this!. . Whenever I am in Las Vegas I make it a point to come to this place for the Garlic Prawns... This is a must order item.  It also never fails that every time I am eating my dinner random diners come up and ask me "What is that - that looks good."  It happened last night and it has happened every time. . . For appetizer I love the crispy rice with ham and chili lime sauce... I don't remember the name of the appetizer but it is the last one listed on the menu... also a favorite and sometimes I order two of them because they are so good.
I absolutely adore spicy food, and Thai food obviously can fit the bill.  I do not live in Las Vegas, nor do I visit very often, but I do know good Thai food when I see it, and this is pretty solid.  What makes it 5 stars vs 4?  The wine list!  Amazing selection of German wine for very reasonable prices.  A perfect companion which cuts through the rich and intense flavors of many of the dishes here.  The menu is huge and I cannot claim to be an authority as an infrequent tourist, but the Nam Kao Tod is a fabulous appetizer.  Any variation of the Pad Kee Mao (particularly with crab) ordered spicy is amazing, but the my favorite dish here is the duck panang.  They fry strips of duck breast (breaded)  until crispy and then drizzle with a rich and distinctive panang which is far spicier than many editions I have had elsewhere.  Combine with a Donnhoff riesling and coconut ice cream to finish, and you have a fabulous treat of a meal...  Do not miss when in Vegas if you like Thai food.
Amazing food! we do take out often because the wait can be pretty long if you dont make reservations.
Had so much fun at Lotus of Siam - a unique experience when compared to the celeb-chef loaded, overpriced spots on the strip that's definitely worth the cab ride out.. . It's low-key, no need to get dressed up, and they're dead serious about reservations - will only hold your table for 5 minutes. Obviously, they're masters of tom yum soup - and any other variety.  I ordered mine mild, because I'm a baby, and they obliged - but one of my companions ordered "insane spicy" and they certainly did that too - he was in a lot of pain.  The crispy rice with pork and scallions absolutely rocks - one of my favorite thai dishes I've ever tried.  Broad drunken noodles, red curry, and a whole fish rounded out the meal.  Such a fun experience, highly recommended.
I love this place! Talk about food coma! This place is always busy. I had to wait about an hour to be seated. I went next door to the billiards and the guy was nice enough to let me use their spare phone charger. lol..... He also had a menu and reccomended some dishes.. . I of course had the crispy duck with panang. Yummy! I also had the tom khai soup with that. Loved it! I'll be back for some more.
I am so excited to go back to Vegas I had to write a review on this gem- this is the BEST Thai Food I have ever had in the States and we eat a lot of Thai food:) Every trip to Vegas we don't even think about where we want to try because Lotus of Siam is our go to spot and yes..it is just that good! It has gotten more popular so I recommend making a reservation. Last time we went for 3 of us it was 1 1/2 hour wait but totally worth it still. I went for my bachelorette party a few years back and that was the first time I'd gone and so happy to have found this place:) Everything is good there, I can't even pick 1 dish...
My second visit to the lunch buffet was as good as the first, which was a year or so ago. The hot and sour soup is amazing and I could eat bowls of it. . The curry chicken is also great, and it's one of a few excellent entrees on the lunch buffet. Another is the pad thai, which I did not love. The orange chicken is also very good, especially paired with the fried rice. . For dessert, there are cookies, fruit and YUMMY fried bananas wrapped in dough.  For $10.99, you could spend hours at the buffet and try everything. It really is a bargain, and everyone should try it once!
This place looks like a dump - from the outside - Inside, Paradise.. The chicken, coconut soup rocked. Powerful, yet sweet,. Pad Thai was ordered 1 in heat (Mild) My 7 yr. old chowed it.. I could go on but frankly - just don't come. Skip this ugly strip mall. That makes it easier for my hungry stomach next visit. JUST STAY AWAY.
Came in on a thursday lunch.  the place was filled got the garlic prawns and green curry both were amazing
Not too far from the strip and it is a jewel.  I had lunch and was too hungry to wait so had the Buffett  it was yummey.  The Phad Thai was so good.  Everything on the Buffett was perfect.  Do not miss this.  Very reasonably priced.
Even after the endless hype from my friends, this place still delivered! It's located in such a random plaza and you would never expect the food here to be any better than other Thai restaurants. Oh, but it is.. . We made reservations a month prior for dinner on Saturday. It was never NOT packed. There was always at least 20 people waiting for a table.. . We ordered some house favorites:. -Roasted duck curry. -Drunken noodles sea bass. -Drunken noodles chicken. -Kana Moo Krob (Stir-fried Chinese broccoli and crispy pork belly slices with oysterflavored sauce). -Spicy catfish (Sauteed, deep fried thin catfish slices (deboned), in fresh and dried chilis and Thai basil leaves). . Everything was superb. It takes the cake for Thai food here!
Been here before and still a good place to eat.  Food is tasty but portions are a bit on the smaller side. . . Still one of the better local ethnic eateries in Las Vegas. Don't let the somewhat suspect surroundings of this place dissuade you from stopping. . . Good service. Mint & green chili with chicken was very good.
A lot of hype (Top Chef, etc.), but this restaurant really delivered.  Off the strip location, but easy to find.  Pretty large space can accommodate many diners - we had a dinner reservation for 7 on 5/10/13.  The chicken satay was awesome - soft, well flavored chicken and the peanut sauce was the best I ever had.  The red curry chicken was very good, but even though I asked for spicy, it could have used some more heat.  All in all, our entire party was happy with the various dishes we ordered.  Ample wait staff - excellent service.
Garlic prawns!!! Sake!!! Strip mail... Sums it up
From the outside, this area looks very sketchy... the kinda place you might wanna stand a little bit closer to the other people you're with kinda place. The food is great, a lot of spice! I had the drunken noodles with soft shell crab which was probably my favorite along with garlic prawns that were to die for. The roasted duck curry had a lot of flavor, and the coconut rice with mango for dessert- it's at first very different for a dessert, but as you keep eating it, it gets more comforting and enjoyable. I highly recommend calling ahead and getting reservations. This place was definitely worth going, like a YUM YUM GIMME SOME kinda place. Since Vegas is like my second home, ill prolly drop by every time I'm in town. It was totally worth the one hour wait I incurred.
Absolutely outstanding!!. Super tasty, wonderfully priced, great service. . . Highly suggest you try this place.
Wow... Just Wow... . . Easily may have been one of the best meals I've had period.  Definitely the best meal I've had in the last few years regardless of cuisine type.. . I figured I'd go with the popular specialties:. . Garlic Prawns:. . Amazing, huge, while pricey, over $20, it was a really big portion.  They were huge prawns, perfectly fried, lots of garlic, stupid good!. . Crispy Duck Penang:. . The duck was amazing.  And I'm picky as hell on my duck.  It wasn't overcooked.  It had a very light batter that was super crispy.  Skin was perfectly crispy.  The penang sauce was wonderful.  I don't eat a lot of Thai food so I can't compare it to other places, but it was really good.  The only compliant on this one is that its a relatively small portion for the price, also over $20.. . Shrimp Pad Thai:. . I figured I had to try Pad Thai done proper.  Now I can't speak towards it's actual authenticity as I haven't had it in Thailand, but it was easily the best Pad Thai I've had.  The shrimp were also really large and perfectly cooked.  The portion was medium sized, but the price was only around $12 or so, so definitely worth the money.. . The place is really hard to find, it's not facing the main road, so you have to work to find it, but it's worth it.  I will definitely be stopping here every time I bounce through Vegas.
There's over 1200 reviews for this place and that speaks for itself. It's also the only reason we decided to try it out and it was definitely worth it. From the outside, it's pretty much something you'd run away from and even our cab driver told us not to go walking around there... Well the inside is not that impressive either, then you notice the huge amount of celeb photos on the walls. Their wine list is over 100 pages. Service is outstanding! Food was definitely outstanding and worth it, even overlooking the decor. We had the Garlic Prawns and drunken noodles that was great. Loved the pad thai and surprisingly their coconut ice cream with sticky rice was great. I'm not big on non chocolate deserts and this was impressive in its simplicity. We would absolutely go back!
This is easily the best Thai food I've had - and Thai is one of my favorite cuisines. In all the dishes we ordered, fresh herbs and well-balanced sauces made the varied flavors pop. Our favorites included the papaya salad, the beef and eggplant salad, and fried catfish. The best part - the prices are reasonable, especially given the quality of the food.
Oh my.  Five of us ate dinner here Saturday night, and this was seriously one of the best meals I've ever had in Vegas.  We did the Nam Kao Tod and Nam Prik Ong as appetizers, then everyone ordered one dish, which we all shared.  The crispy duck panang (ordered mild) was amazing, I kept returning to that sauce again and again, drizzling it over the sticky rice.  We also had the crab fried rice, garlic prawns, and two Pad Thais, one chicken and one pork.  With Singha's all around, the bill was under $150 before tip, considerably less than the rest of our meals on the trip.  Saipin was cooking that night, as I caught sight of her a few times in the back.  Service was fantastic, friendly and accommodating.  . . If you're looking for a fancy place...move along.  But if you're after an unbelievably good meal, this is the place.. . I'm ready to book my next Vegas trip just so I can go back.
I'm not sure what I can say about Lotus of Siam that has not already been said. My one tip is that when they ask you what level of spice you want (1-10), subtract 3 from whatever you think you want. My husband and I love spicy food, but he was really shocked by the level of heat in the level-6 papaya salad. (As in, he had to excuse himself to get some fresh air before powering through and enjoying the other dishes.) There were a million things that we wanted to try, but we settled on these four, and managed to finish all four dishes between the two of us.. . We enjoyed: . * Papaya salad - As mentioned above, a 6 was very, very spicy. Worth it, though!. * Nam kao tod - Crispy rice appetizer with a uniquely sour taste. . * Drunken noodles with soft shell crab - Flat noodles with fried soft shell crab.. * Panang curry with crispy duck - The creamy curry amazingly did not affect the crispiness of the duck skin. . . The service was excellent, and we enjoyed a nice bottle of Riesling with our meal. Very much worth the cab ride from the Strip.
Best food outside of Thailand... if you are in Vegas go there!!! Have been here a couple times and never lets me down.  Make sure to make a reservation though as the wait can be very long!
Fried prawns and pad see ew all the way!. Seriously, the BEST and I mean BEST thai food in the US.. I've eaten a lot of thai food and mannnnnn...  I will kill my diet again for this.. Thank God I don't live in Vegas cause I would eat this place out of business.
Authentic that food. Really tasty.  Drunken noodles are really good. Been there on last two Vegas visits and will go again for sure the next time I return
Awesome!   Go.
This place get cracking! Its in a rough spot of town but don't let it scare ya! I've on a Thai kick lately. They recommend you to make a reservation here but unfortunately I did not make one. But I wanted to try their Larb dish. Been craving it lately ha. So right when i enter I was greeted. I ordered my food to go. I got the Larb/Pork. I was told it'll be ready about 15 minutes. I waited near the entrance and my food came. I could smell it already and can't wait to eat it. It was so good, very flavorful, the spice was right where I like it to be level 4. It was comes with cucumbers and cabbage to eat with. You can eat this with rice. I definitely will be making a reservation back.
Came here thinking there is a 25% chance that I'd be disappointed because of all the hype and being from Oakland where there is so much bomb ass cheap Thai food.  Nope, 99% satisfied.  The 1% is portions are on the smaller side, especially given how expensive each dish was. . . On to food:. Crispy duck panang- no joke, this is absolutely ridiculously delicious! It isn't spicy and is a type of red curry.  Drizzle on rice and take a bite of the duck=heaven.. . Crispy rice (nam kao tod)- so so so so so good.  Order your own, so good you don't want to share.  Perfect amount of spice and leaves a good citrus tang at the end of each bite. . Drunken noodle with beef- I originally wanted the one with soft shell crab but they didn't have any on the night I went :(  The beef is pretty standard and so were the noodles.  Not that it was bad but since everything else was amazing, this is pretty standard. . Tiger prawn wrapped in bacon and wonton wrappers- pretty average.  I mean it's good cuz its a tiger prawn wrapped in bacon and wonton but nothing unique.  I'd suggest saving space for the other better things.. . Thai tea-  hard to mess this one up overall but pretty damn good.  The tea they used is brewed pretty strong and I can tell cuz it leaves the bitter tea after taste but that's how I like it. . Tip: Make a reservation! Guaranteed during prime dinner time you'll wait 45-60min.  I called for reso a month ago and the convo went like this, "I'd like to make reservations. We are all booked tonight! It's actually for next month. Ok, your name and number.  And don't be more than 5 min late or we give away your table!"   This should show you that they are so popular that they DO NOT NEED YOU. . Along with that, when I arrived, this is what happened, I walked in and said hi, immediate response was, it is an hour wait! ok but I have reservations....oh ok, wait here.  Then I was seated in 5 min.  . . Lesson of the story, make a reso!  The line may be busy, keep trying and trying again, it's worth it!
If I could give this place a 10, it is THAT GOOD!!  So much to choose from so definitely recommend exploring and eating stuff you might not order at your local Thai place; assuming you live out of the area like me... I had a spicy braised beef dish that was sublime.. This is a must stop right off the strip on Sahara.. I plan on returning many more times..
By far this is the Best Thai Restaurant in Vegas.  I have eaten a lot of Thai Food in Los Angeles, Seattle, San Francisco and San Diego and every time I come to Vegas I will always come to this restaurant.  The food is very delicious and authentic. We have Hoi Tod which is like a omelet with mussel and beansprout and it very popular in Thailand and they just cook it to perfection.  Tod Mun Pla (Fish Cake) is always delicious.  If your in town give this place a try and they will not disappoint you.
So good. Went for the lunch buffet and was surprised at how good the food was - green curry, pad thai, etc. They keep it fresh and good. I was pleasantly surprised.
This is such a gem!  Come here!!!
Best Pad Thai anywhere. Spectacular curry dishes featuring duck and short ribs. Garlic prawns were super.
I was very sad when the owners of Lotus of Siam left SoCal years ago for Las Vegas.   I heard that the food was excellent so visited this past weekend.  When we drove up I thought, what a dump, am I really going into this place.  Fortunately, when we entered we found it to be nice but simple and quite large, probably seating 200 people.  After a forty minute wait we were seated.  The place was packed, but our excellent waiter took time to explain things to us and was very friendly.  I have to say that the meal we had was one of the best culinary experiences I have had in my life, no kidding.  The five dishes we ordered were cooked flawlessly in the northern Thai style with wonderful seasonings and herbs.. . My recommendations:. Crispy fried shrimp with shell.  Eight large shrimp, enough for the four of us.  Tasty and not oily.. Scallops with chili basil leaves.  Four large scallops cooked perfectly.  My favorite dish.  These were just wonderful.. Drunken noodles with soft shell crab.  Really tasty dish.. . I wish we could have tried every dish on the menu.  I don't know how they can serve so many people and keep the quality of the food so high.  For me this is a five star establishment for sure.
Great food! Loved the Tom Kah Kai soup and both the Beef Jerky (under appetizers) and the Charbroiled Chili Lime Prawns (BBQ) were fantastic!
Most likely the best Thai food in this country. Easy to understand why this place is a foodie destination.  Be prepared to wait if you go any time close to lunch or dinner, even on the weekdays. The Penang crispy duck while pricey at 23 dollars was out of the world.  Would also get the drunken noodle soft shell crab.  Yes this place is definitely pricier than most average Thai places , but precisely because it isn't average . Service is almost always great even with the volume they see here . Take that cab ride off the strip to come here, it's worth or it.
My friend was raving about this place, and she was absolutely right.  The Nam Kao Tod appetizer was bursting with a variety of flavors and something you don't find at most Thai places.  The cabbage in the dish was so tender and delicious!  Also recommend the Drunken Noodle Soft Shell Crab.  Wash it all down with a nice Thai beer and you'll be happy.  Place was packed when where were there late on a Monday night.  Careful, cause the neighborhood is a bit sketchy at night.
OMG this place lives up to the hype! We were one dish short and couldn't decide so we let the serer pick and he was spot on with recommending a fish dish. Note: only dinner reservations no lunch reservations. Get here early or come later after the rush. It's definitely worth the cab ride over from the strip.
was in vegas on business and every night someone different from the show was recommending this place. so finally i went and DAMN amazing thai food. comparing to my favorite places back home in hawaii this one blows it out the water. next time i'm in vegas i will be back for sure!
I've been to Lotus of Siam over a dozen times; I can't believe I hadn't reviewed it yet! What is there to say about the restaurant that hasn't been said before? Who am I to argue with Jonathan Gold? . . The food here really is wonderful, I've tried all of their curries and different seafood dishes and everything was great. Admittedly, I like all Thai restaurants in La Vegas, but when you come here you can truly taste the difference, the flavors are more nuanced. The last time I came here the food was spectacular as always although the portion was a bit smaller than usual.. . This place is always packed yet we never wait forever 15-20 minutes for a table. The restaurant is always humming with energy and everyone seems to be enjoying themselves immensely.
Once I decided on Vegas for vacation, I immediately booked a reservation here. I had seen it on Top Chef and was intrigued. I live in NYC, but I feel that our Thai food is lacking.. . I loved my yellowcurry dish. Was the perfect amount of heat and sweetness. I wish I had ordered two dishes, just to try more things. Service was fast, decor was unpretentious, but the area was a little sketchy. We went straight from Lotus to the airport, and it was tough to find a cab. . . I am happy I was able to come here!
The best thai food in Vegas. I leave my house in Ca early enough to beat down the door at 1130 when they open. They lunch buffet is the best. I dream about that duck soup. They have a variety of veggie and meat entrees to please everyone.  They also have nice selection of Reislings to wash down that spicy food
Order the most divine crispy duck, get it served in panang with sticky rice (not steamed).  Enjoy the crisp smooth flavor of the duck with your utensil of choice, then sop up the panang sauce with the sweet jasmine sticky rice in your paws.
Holy moly! Hands down the best Thai restaurant I've been too, a close second is in my hometown, Long Beach Thai. . . Okay, so this place is situated in a strip mall off the strip filled with other Asian restaurants, so don't be discouraged when you first arrive because the outside does look a little ghetto. We went on a Tuesday afternoon, walked in without a reservation and got seated (we got there at about 1 something in the afternoon, they close at 2:30 pm). . . My Fave: We ordered yellow curry with chicken and tom yum koong both spice level at 5. They do 1-10, 5 wasn't spicy at all, I think next time I will try 6 or 7. You have to have to HAVE TO get the Garlic Prawns, they are fried shrimp (with the shell still on) in a very tasty sauce. It's a little pricier item on the menu, but definitely worth it.
We had a feast at Lotus of Siam in Las Vegas.. . Definitely worth a trip off the strip.. . The ambience reminds me of Chinese dim sum houses with expansive floors and lots of tables- though the staff and cuisine are distinctly Thai. I mention the space because whenever I'd read about Lotus of Siam I imagined a smaller, fluorescently lit, retail window looking space and its much more inviting than what I imagined.. . Quick run down on what we had and enjoyed:. * Chang Beer. * Duck Curry. * Deep-Fried Red Snapper with Sweet Chili Sauce. * Deep-Fried Red Snaper with Panaang. * Deep-Fried Sea Bass with Ginger. * Short Rib. * Drunken Noodles with Soft Shelled Crab. * A rice dish with great heat and flavor. * Beef Jerky (a challenge for the jaws, only dish I don't recommend). * Mango and Sticky Rice. . Everything was delicious.  Gives Los Angeles Thai places a run for their money.
I came here recently, I have to admit I can't get enough of this place. I love Lotus of Siam. This is the best freakin thai food I've ever had. My friend and I are even planning on flying from L.A. to Vegas just to have dinner here. This place is a must when visiting Las Vegas, I mean c'mon just read all the great reviews.
As vegetarians, we ADORE this place. Nearly everything on the menu can be made vegetarian or vegan even if it doesn't say so. Just ask your server! . . We had our first date here and every year we return to re-enact that beautiful evening. . . Our favorites: . . Crispy Rice (vegetarian style) -- truly amazing flavor, we could eat this all night. It actually paired very well with the. . Papaya Salad (vegetarian version) -- delicious! Our only disappointment this most recent visit is we asked for Medium spicy and it was completely mild. . . Mangoes & Sticky Rice -- luscious perfection! Never disappoints. I've been experimenting with making my own but they really have it down. The crunchy fried mung beans on top are a crispy balance to the chewy rice and ripe mango, and I have no idea how to replicate those at home! . . I understand there are some low reviews from tourists visiting Vegas who may have had an uneven experience and felt disappointed, but as residents of Vegas who have dined here many times as well as at all the other Thai offerings in town, this place is the deal. If you had a less than spectacular time, try again. It is so worth it! . . And yes . . . the parking lot is a little sketchy sometimes, but this has no bearing on my tastebuds. Go with a friend!
Loved it.  The hype was well deserved.  My wife had Crispy Duck Panang and I had Green Curry.  The duck was delicious and pretty much perfect.  My curry was tasty and well prepared though their spice level was a bit much for me.  It was my fault since I ordered it at a 7 without reading the reviews first.. . Wonderful meal.
Best Thai food I have ever had.   Everything is prepared home made.  This is truly an amazing place for flavor sensations...   I also highly recommend the whole lobster..
When a friend of mine found out I was going to Vegas, she sent me a list of places she had wanted to try while out here and didn't make it to. Lotus was on the list and after reading all the reviews here on yelp, I was convinced we had to go. So, on our last night in Vegas we headed out to dinner (we made 6pm reservations but ended up getting there early around 5:30). There was no wait at the door like I was expecting. We got our table right away. Soon after we were seated, it was like the flood gates opened and the restaurant was packed. . . Ordered:. Appetizer: fish cakes (don't remember the Thai name). These were really good. They have a slight lemon flavor, they come with cucumber pieces in some kind of sauce that was really good. We really enjoyed this app.. . Meals:. Crispy duck panang: so so so good. I wish it had come with more sauce, but there was enough for all of us to enjoy. The sauce was delicious and the crispy duck was perfect. This was my favorite dish!. . Garlic prawns: another delicious dish!  The skins are separated from the actual prawn so you can eat the prawn, then the skin. So tasty and crispy. I actually only ate one though bc I was obsessed with the duck dish.. . Spicy sausage (from the Northern menu, forget the Thai name):  the guys I was with wanted this. I didn't like it. They liked it but said they wished it had some kind of sauce with it. . . Dessert:. Fried bananas: these were awesome. I was picturing just one giant banana coming out but it was 8 pieces individually wrapped in their wonton wrapper with coconut, then drizzled with honey. It was like a crispy banana, sort of tasted like banana bread too. Very good.. . I really wish this place was closer to home for me.  It exceeded my expectations. I don't know when I will be back to Vegas, but I will be sure to come here when/if I am back. Was happy to end my trip with this as my last dinner here.
Love Thai food? Then this is the place for you! Main dishes can range from $15 to $30 but we're talking about the BEST thai food in Las Vegas. So, for sure, it's worth it. Recommendations: Crispy duck panang & drunken noodle soft shell crab. Don't worry about the "drunken noodle" title, it's really just Pad Kee Mao, no alcohol included! Also, be sure to make a reservation. Walk-ins can wait up to an hour for a table! It's that good. For serious.. . P.S. Customer service is superb. Also ask for their recommendations. (That's how I found out about the crispy duck hehe)
Would you like the BEST Thai food in America? Go to Lotus of Siam. . . Such a hidden little gem in Vegas, in a not-so-classy strip mall, but trust me, the food is 5 stars. Anything you order on this menu will be terrific but the one thing you MUST order is the large Hot Pot of the Tom Yum Prawn Soup with lime & lemongrass. IT'S SOOOOOOO yummy & healthy. . . I wish they would open in LA because I can't drive to Vegas just for soup.
Awesome food and service!
Oh boy where to start with this place.. . Me and a friend decided to look for a Thai place in Vegas after a weekend of camping/climbing at Red Rocks. This was the closest place to pop up on our way back to Arizona so we decided to stop by and give it a whirl.. . This place is by FAR the best Thai food that I have had in America so far. But that might not really be saying much as the rest of the places have been in Arizona. But there is no place in AZ that serve Isaan food and mm mm mmmm I have missed me some Isaan food. Seeing as how both of us have not had Isaan food since we were last in Thailand, we decided to splurge a little and ended up with a $90 bill between the two of us. I'm going to just reiterate that every single dish we ordered was the best that we've had in the states.. . We started out with some Moo Dad Deaw (Issan Style Pork Jerky) This was one of my favorite dishes in Thailand and I was just beyond ecstatic when I finally found in a restaurant here. Som Tum (papaya salad) with some sticky rice to dip it in was next. It was funny to us when the waitress came by and was like "Oh you eat just like Thai style!" Tip. Try it. Soaking up the Som Tum juice with the sticky rice is oh so delicious. Again I find it hard to find a place that serves a good Som Tum AND have the sticky rice available so I was extremely excited. We also ordered the Tom Yum Kai soup to start out with too and it absolutely hit the spot. . . Then we finally reached our main courses. We decided on getting the Khao Soi and the Northern Larb. These are both Isaan (Northern region) style food that we have found impossible to find in Arizona. I'm not going to lie, the larb absolutely kicked my ass. But it usually does everywhere I have it. The dish was amazing yet I have forgotten how hot Isaan spicy really is. The Khao Soi is a noodle curry dish that is absolutely divine. I don't think that you really find this combination too much so I was glad to finally have it again.. . I can't wait to come back already to get some of the other dishes that I have been searching to no avail for. People might go to Vegas for gambling but I am coming back for the Thai food. It might not save me any money but it will absolutely be worth it.. . The only weird part of the experience might have been the fact that there was a empty table next to us the entire time. The place was hopping, the waiting parties at the bar were getting to be ridiculous, yet there was a table for four right next to us that was left empty. Now we had a couple theories for this. A. It might have been because we smelled. Everybody was in their Night out getups and here we were in shorts and a tshirt covered with a couple layers of dirt. I wouldn't be surprised if there was a certain odor permeating around us. B. We had spicy food. This entails me sweating like a pig. A + B probably meant nobody wanted to be within a 10 ft radius of me. I will try to clean up for next time...
Lunch on the way to the airport.  An excellent way to end our inaugural Vegas trip.. . Everything was what I read about and expected.  The dingy, sketchy, vacant strip mall.  The low key restaurant facade and interior. The extensive menu and wine list.  And then there was the food.  I have been eating Thai food for years, with lots of authentic, top notch Thai restaurants in my neighborhood. Lotus blew them away.. . The tod mun plar (deep fried fish cake) was cooked perfectly and was a great way to start our meal.  I then had the kang renu nakorn with chicken, which is a red curry but without coconut milk and lots of vegetables.  Spicy and tons of flavor, I think the best part was how it completely cured my hangover.  My husband had the drunken noodles with soft shell crab, which was a phenomenal dish.  . . I liked that this place was mostly locals; while were there it was mostly hospital and office workers on their lunch break.. . The lunch buffet looked excellent and is probably worth trying as well.. . I am glad we were able to get here and I hope we return one day.
I could eat here everyday for every meal.  We ate dinner twice in 3 days when we were Vegas last September.  We had the roasted duck curry, green curry beef, Kha Nom Jean Nam Ngyow, Kang Care, Sai Oua , and the Nam Prik Ong.  Fabulous!!  It's no wonder this restaurant is a James Beard winner and voted the best Thai restaurant in the U.S.  The kicker...the prices are not exorbitant.  We spent about under $50 for two people which included three dishes, dessert, and drinks.
Late review: July 3. I totally had to try this spot since it was featured on Top Chef Masters.. It did not disappoint.  Place was totally packed.  We had a large party so we had to be seated in two different tables.  Service was good.. We tried a little bit of everything and LOVED it.  My daughter is picky when it comes to fried rice but she totally loved it and wanted more.
This place is seriously the real deal. I love hidden gems.. . When our taxi driver took us to downtown, and into a strip mall, me and the boys had raised eyebrows. But we stuck it out because the reviews are off the charts, and for good reason.. . The food is amazing. The cost is so reasonable too. Love, love, love, this place. The Nam Kao Tod is a must. It is so awesome, I cannot even explain it. Just get it.. . The drunken noodles are perfect. The crispy duck is the duck is the way to go, but you cannot go wrong with anything here.. . Great food. Great prices. Great service. Just great.
Twice a year we come to Vegas for work and I have been meaning to eat at Lotus of Siam for the last three years we've come. For some reason we were never able to go but this time around we definitely made it a priority -- from now on, I will be coming here EVERY trip.. . This was hands-down the BEST thai I have eaten, anywhere. I am a huge fan of Thai food and while it is always really delicious, I have never eaten Thai at a restaurant where I was blown away by the flavor, ingredients and innovation in traditional dishes. I researched what I should order (there are magazine articles dedicated to what you should order when you visit!) and so our table of six ordered:  Som Thum, Crispy Rice with Sausage, Golden Tofu, Tom Kha Kai, Yellow Curry Beef, Garlic Prawn, Chicken Rama, Crispy Duck Panang Curry, and one of each of the desserts. We also doubled up (and tripled) on some of the dishes. Holy crap - everything I ate exploded in my mouth with flavor. The Crispy Rice, Golden Tofu, and Crispy Duck Panang Curry really stood out in my opinion. This falls into the top three best meals I have ever eaten in my life. No wonder this is a foodie destination.. . Beware:  we ordered level 7 spice on the Tom Kha Kai (Bangkok Style Soup) and Som Thum (Green Papaya Salad) and were practically blowing out fire. :-) Still really delicious though, but know your level of spice!
Vegas, day 50.  Final day of a successful WSOP.  Celebratory / farewell dinner for my poker buds.  Only one place fitting enough for this meal; Gourmet Magazines number one Thai restaurant in North America. . . It's unpretentious in an unassuming neighborhood. Looks can be deceiving, be prepared for a true culinary adventure.  This isn't your average neighborhood Thai restaurant.  Tamarind paste, not ketchup in the pad Thai.. . Tip:  The menu is huge.  Expert on Thai food, study it in advance else let the servers guide you.  Allow the servers to suggest spice levels as well so dishes compliment not over power each other.. . The meal usually consist of numerous dishes served at once.  It create a play of complimenting and contrasting flavors that collectively make the experience. If forced to find standout dishes:. . Issan Sausage (a grilled sour pork sausage.  The natural sweetness of the pork shines through in this simple yet perfectly balanced sausage).. . Sua Rong Hai (broiled beef tenderloin in a spicy, sweet sauce.  Tender with the spices bringing out the sweetness of the beef).. . Plar Dook Kar-Prow Krob (Deep fried whole catfish topped with sauteed fresh chili, garlic, and basil.  Earthy, fiery, absolutely delicious against the crisp, slightly overcooked catfish).. . Charbroiled prawns (Extra large prawns grilled and served with a spicy, tangy tamarind sauce.  Beautiful balance again with the spices heightening the natural sweetness of the prawn.  The charbroiling adds a good bitterness).. . Garlic prawns (lightly battered, deep fried with shells on in a fresh, peppery garlic sauce.  Just good eats).. . Massive wine list (Wine Spectator Best Award of Excellence) with over 600 selections.  Heavy emphasis on Germany and France (Rieslings).  Very inexpensive.. . And to the annoying ladies dining next to us commenting on our unrefined choice of utensils and wasteful over ordering:  (1) Thai etiquette dictates you use your fork to put food on your spoon and only put your spoon in your mouth,  (2) you don't ask for chopsticks, and (3) it is rude not to leave some food on the serving dishes and your plate.. . Always a great culinary adventure.
The Best Thai food I've ever had. Seriously. And ridiculously inexpensive too! Why waste all that money on mediocre food on the strip when you can get such good stuff a short cab ride away?!. . We didn't have a reservation so we got there at 6pm to try to snag a table before the crowds got there. It was still a 20 min wait for us, but not too bad considering how popular this place is. Staff are very nice and helpful too when we ordered. Between the 5 of us, we got the crispy duck drunken noodles, garlic shrimp, jackfruit curry, spicy fried cod filets, nam kao tod, and the shrimp appetizer that is wrapped in bacon and egg roll wrappers, which I don't remember the name of. The description is so much better anyways.. . The appetizers came out very quickly and were consumed all too quickly, so we had to wait a little bit before we got our entrees. But it all was so worth it. The food was fresh and so damn good. The shrimp were huge and the crispy duck were super crispy and flavorful! I was worried that the food would be too spicy for me, but everything was great! . . The menu is extensive and there are so many items that I want to try still, I'll definitely be going there for several more trips so I can update with a more comprehensive review!
ce resto , faut savoir qu'il existe car il est en plein dowtown Vegas , mais quel endroit ! Impressionnant les celebrites venues diner ici , d'hilary clinton a Bush , tout le gratin politico / mediatique est passe par la . La carte est enorme , une dizaine de page , specialite du nord de la Thailande , frequente par des thai ce qui est bon signe , la carte des vins incroyable( 7 pages) on trouve des bouteilles a partir de 40$ mais ca peut atteindre des sommets avec des crus millesimes a plus de 10.000$ ! La cuisine est tres bonne et pas chere (130$ pour 4). Reservation obligatoire .. . PS : Ce resto Thai est soit disant le meilleur des USA ...
I was taken here for a belated birthday dinner. My sister, who lives in Vegas, swore that this is the best Thai food you can ever get, and with that, she booked a reservation for 4.. . The place decor and the place itself is nothing special. Not the fanciest, but not the ugliest Thai place I've been to.. . The food, however, is out of this world! I'm not too picky about Thai food, but I can tell Lotus of Siam knows their Thai flavors very very very well. Everything tasted fresh and flavorful. My favorite dish was nam kao tod. I only ordered it because of the Yelp reviews, and I'm so glad I did!!!!! The flavors are so indescribable... I just wish the portion was bigger because the 4 of us was fighting over it, haha! The rice is crispy with a nice crunch to it and it has a sour lime taste, combined with small pieces of sausages or whatever the heck it was that made this dish so amazing.. . We ordered a bunch of other things... tom yum hot pot, pad thai, soft shell crabs pad kee mao, some curry dish, fried rice, and I forgot the rest. Everything was on point and delicious! Don't be intimidated by the extensive menu... just experiment and pick something fun, I guarantee everything on the menu will satisfy!
Best Thai food I have ever eaten. Restaurant is so clean from the table tops to toilet. Service was impeccable. Must eat here is the GARLIC PRAWNS. Go grub now.
The renowned Lotus of Siam was a definite stop for the fiancee and me on our trip to Las Vegas.  We went for lunch on a Friday afternoon arriving a little before 1 PM.  As mentioned by many other reviewers, Lotus of Siam is located in a sketchy-looking strip mall off of Sahara.  Unlike some others, though, we thankfully avoided being accosted by panhandlers likely because it was midday in July and we cabbed over from the Hard Rock (approx. $20 ride with tip), which let us off right at the front door.  Once inside, Lotus of Siam looked like pretty much every other family run Thai restaurant, although it was, perhaps, a bit larger and definitely more decked out with photos of celebs who've eaten there.  . . For lunch, Lotus of Siam offers an AYCE buffet as well its full menu.  Skip the buffet.  We looked it over, but it was the standard fare you see on every Thai buffet line.  Instead, we elected to go with ordering off of the menu, which was more difficult than you'd think with over 150 various dishes to be found on its encyclopedic menu.  We started off with the Nam Kao Tod.  The complex melange of crispy rice, minced pork, green onions, fresh chilis, ginger, peanuts and lime juice was as tasty as it's been described by countless Yelpers.  Next, we had the Kang Ka Noon, a northern style curry made with young jack fruit chunks, with pork.  Not being familiar with northern Thai cuisine and jack fruit, we took a leap of faith on this dish.  Our faith was rewarded with deliciousness, although it was definitely less spicy or "curry-like" than our preconceived notions of a Thai curry dish.  Finally, we had the Sea Bass on Drunken Noodle.  The sea bass was delicately deep fried, then topped with a fresh chili and Thai basil sauce and served over pan fried, flat rice noodles.  The fish was moist.  The sauce was spicy and flavorful.  The noodles were perfectly pan fried, still tender, without dryness or rubberiness.  . . Lotus of Siam may be overhyped, but damn if it wasn't the best Thai food I can ever recall having!  The ingredients were fresh and the flavors and colors were bold and bright.  Given that there are well over a hundred items we still haven't tried, it's a sure thing that we'll be back.
Ok, this place has been hyped like crazy.  All over TV.  Chowhound raves.  James Beard awards, etc...  Can it live up to the hype?  YES. YES. YES.. . This place was awesome.  We went a little aggressive ordering for 2 but we went with:. . Crispy Rice w Sour Sausage. Sea Bass w Drunken Noodle. Garlic Shrimp. Kang Ka Noon (Spicy Young Jack Fruit Curry). . I'd say they were all 5 star dishes except maybe the Kang Ka Noon, which was a 3.5 star dish.  Needless to say, I'll be back here for sure.  This place just earned a spot next to Oyster Bar on my list of must-eats-on-vegas-stops.. . The wait for a Saturday night for 2 at 6:30p was 45 min. Me and my coworker had a beer at the bar while waiting... not too bad a wait at all.
My favorite Thai restaurant in Vegas!  Food, service, and cleanliness was on point.  Pad Thai was cooked to perfection and not dry what so ever.  And the banana sticky rice was the perfect touch for dessert.
As you walk in, there are many articles from magazines and newspapers in many different languages, stating how great this place is! Venturing in even further, the walls are adorned with celebrities who have eaten here as well. Needless to say, after trying the food, we understood why.. . Lotus of Siam is a not-so-hidden treasure just off of the strip. If you like authentic thai food, then this place is calling your name! They also have an amazing wine selection to complement the meal.  Everything we ordered had amazing flavors and depth. This is the type of food that keeps people craving more!
Having been to Thailand many many times... and having actual Thai friends whose families cook like 10 dishes for dinner every day.... I can tell you this place is a WINNER!. . The few people here who gave it bad ratings have no clue about Thai food. Lotus is the best most authentic Thai I've had in the U.S. apart from my Thai friends cooking at their homes. I think it's the mom actually back in the kitchen cooking!. . It used to be a horror to make a reservation. You would dial 40 times and get a busy before finally having someone pick up and then tell you there is no space.But since they expanded it's a lot easier.. . It's also cheap.  Best thing in Vegas. Move away from the high priced strip restuarants and have yourself an adventure!  And don't be put off by the nasty mall it's in. It's down the row from the infamous Green Door (look it up) plus a myriad of other skanky businesses. Though I always like to go the the gay bar in the strip mall for a beer while waiting for my reservation time I think it's called Badlands.
No. 72 mint and green chili beef is amazing
WAHHHHHHHHH Thai food is good for the soul, get it away from me cause its making me fat!! . . I've been here for their lunch buffet and dinner now. Both were really really good and offered a lot of choices.. . Lunch buffet rockstars: yellow curry, noodle soup, pad thai (duh), fried bananas. . The things I wasn't feelin so hot about: the hot and sour soup and the spring rolls. . . Dinner choices included the drunken noodles, shrimp wrapped in a blanket, tom ka chicken soup, panang curry, and some interesting stuffed chicken (can't remember the name!) I really truly loved all of these dishes. . . I don't know if I would agree that this is the best Thai restaurant in America cause lets be honest, who can master all those dishes on the menu? BUT I will definitely be taking out of towners here!
As good as it gets!!!
Hands down the best Thai Restaurant I've been to.
UM.... my mouth was burning of spice and I could care less!. The flavors, the quality, the taste was above par!. . A few of my favorites:. Drunken Noodle (spicy). Panang Curry (usually my favorite but this place spiced the heat a bit too much). GARLIC PRAWNS (I can eat these forever!!!). Pad thai (usually the favorite...not spicy). . Uh win win!
I have been eating Thai food since 1983 when I was living and working in the region for years. I really never get the kind of taste experience in the U.S. yet I have had a good deal of excellent Thai in the bay area and elsewhere. But this place is obviously a cut above the rest.. . The special spicy beef salad is amazing......they take an already excellent Yum Neua dressing and add hoisin sauce to create a masterful dressing like none other. It was killer.. . The spicy chicken wing appetizer was also as good as I have had. We are madly in love with the same dish at Bangkok House in Kona and yet we thought this was even better....the sauce was richer and more garlic. Also a killer dish.. . Lastly was the pineapple fried rice which has curry powder added as a twist....something not normally done in Thailand. The dish was perfect and so tasty.........but it was small and for the money they should be using fresh pineapple not canned. But it was still good enough no need to complain and even the curry powder was a nice touch.. . Our waiter "Tea" is fantastic, great sense of humor.......and knows his stuff. Tea, if you read this thanks again for the tip on the special beef salad.. . Cannot wait to go back.
Lived up to the lofty expectations.  Best Thai food I've ever had, bar none.  Really enjoyed the pork/fried rice appetizer that the waiter recommended (can't remember the name) and also ordered the chicken pad thai, red snapper over drunken noodles, and the crispy duck curry.  All of the dishes were fantastic and unique.  Service was promptand helpful.  Definitely going to Lotus of Siam on my next visit to Vegas
Been wanting to eat here for quite some time now, and finally made it here last night. And tonight. Yeah. Yum-EEEE!! I highly recommend the beef satay with peanut sauce. It's a great appetizer and next time I'm here I may have 3 orders of just THIS!! It is marinated to perfection and I could almost drink the peanut sauce it's that good. The pad thai was also exceptional. If this place keeps this up, I may be going here for quite some time.
This place is seriously good. Come later at night if you want to get in without a reservation. The drunken noodle seabass was the highlight for me. Servers are excellent and you can always trust them to order for you (I did this and it was fun trying new things. Great old Riesling wines that contrast the spicy amazingly. Have to order the mangos for dessert.
One of the best meals I've had in a very long time.  I was on a work trip and I was very pleasantly surprised to stumble upon this place.  Had a bunch of different dishes and one was better than the next.  Plus they have an extensive wine list and everything is very affordable.  A must go!!!
The Khoa soi braised short rib was awesome!!! Get there at 515p or make reservations early!
Three words....Nam Kao Tod. This dish is #1 on my "last meal"  list. There's nothing else I have found on this planet that compares. I have yet to find it offered at any other Thai restaurant....and even if I did, I can't imagine it being any better. Whenever I visit Las Vegas, I will come here for what I can only describe as Culinary Nirvana....a flavor orgy unparalleled.
This is the best Thai food , the dishes where excellent, worth the trip, we had the curry duck exquisite, garlic shrimp Wow
Can't stop thinking about the shrimp dishes at Lotus of Siam. We came here for dinner with a party of 16 and EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING! EVERYTHING! Pad Thai was so much better when it was made to order. Shirmps were HUGE! I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!!! Make reservations! They are BUSY BUSY BUSY!!!!
Being Thai myself, this place definitely lives up to all the hype. It is really authentic Thai food that taste amazing. I eat Thai food all the time and can say that this place has really good Thai food. Huge menu full of all types of food from all around Thailand. Last time I was here, I had the crispy duck drunken noodles which was delicious. Duck was super moist and the crunch on it made it even better. On weekend's they are only open for dinner so make sure you make reservations ahead of time because the wait can be extremely long.
Hubby ordered the Panang with chicken which is essentially curry chicken served with white rice. Spice level was 8. It was very flavorful and perfect on rice.  I ordered the drunken prawns, spice level 8.  This was served over the top of drunken noodles.  I like spicy food and would have preferred it at a spice level of 10. The prawns were very large and having the skins deep fried as well, it was very well prepared. The shrimp were very big which actually was quite filling.
Absolutely incredible!!!!  . . Best Thai food hands down.  The crispy rice will take your breath away.
people aren't kidding when they say this place looks ghetto from the outside! It IS in the ghetto, but once you walk in, the restaurant is pretty nice. They have a huge menu. . . We ordered the pad thai and tom kha ghai soup..both super good. and of course, thai tea :) I'll definitely be coming back here when I'm craving thai food!
As a Thai girl who has eaten my share of Thai food, I have to say this place has the best spicy catfish with curry EVER. Pad kee map (drunken noodles) and red curry were good too. Definitely on the required pit stops in Vegas from now on!
This place is what you'd call ahole in the wall.  People say that this is the best place for Thai food.  I thought the hype of how good this place is, was going to be the influence of how I thought how good this place was going to be.  All I can say is this is by far thee best Thai food I've ever tasted.  Hands down.  I've never strayed from the usual Pad Thai and curry that I usually order, but this visit, with a person who knew all the good things to order, last nights dinner ranged from prawns, to braised short ribs in curry sauce, to drunken noodles, scallops, to even the oddest dessert of mango sticky rice. . . My favorite was the beef salad.  The beef salad is amazing!  The beef was a thick cut and tender.  And whatever dressing or marinade that was used was full of flavor.  I would go back and just order that as a meal.  I think we ordered the garlic prawns and that was one of my favs along with the crispy rice.  Everything that was ordered was delicious!. . I highly recommend this place!  Left satisfied and full!
Great place to eat Authentic Thai dishes! In Vegas!Luv da garlic prawn and panang!. Please call ahead for reservation, the place gets crowded easily
Anytime we are in Vegas, we HAVE to go here.. . This place has some of the best Thai food you will find. I have not had anything here that I did not like, and we try all new dishes every time we visit.. . Get here early (they open at 5:30pm) to avoid waiting in line.
After hearing so much about this place, (including on travel channel), I was super stoked to finally be able to try it. The 8 of us girls made our trek here from our plush hotel on the strip.  The storefront is a nondescript hole in the wall, located in a ghetto, fairly vacant strip mall.  However, once we stepped inside and were greeted by the friendly staff, we felt like we were transported to Thailand. . . The food lived up to all my expectations and all the hype.  Here are some we tried: drunken noodles, crispy rice, sea bass, a super spicy soup, garlic prawns. Honestly can't remember what else we ordered since we went mostly by our waiter's recommendations. We ordered 2 of each dish and every single one we gobbled up til we were practically licking the plate clean. Service was top notch and their massive wine selection was impressive. . . Tip: on Saturday evenings, if you dont have reservations and don't want to be stuck waiting around forever, get there BEFORE dinner service starts at 5:30. We got there around 5:15pm, were the 4th party in line, and got seated immediately when the doors opened at 5:30.  Your welcome!
I was really tossed up between a four and five star rating but the food just goes above and beyond some of the other little negatives (location from the strip and the overall atmosphere, but both of these are minor). . . On to the food...as authentic as it gets. The crispy duck with drunken noodles was as another reviewer mentioned "life-changing". The flavor profiles that were going on throughout the course of the dish were AMAZING! The skin on the duck was just as good if not a notch better than The Peking Duck in Chinatown, NYC. (That's saying ALOT!). . We split a number of appetizers including the fried wontons, the spring rolls, and my favorite the prawns. A definite must try.. . Not overly pricey at all and well worth a little jaunt to a less than desirable part of Las Vegas, but hey that's what gives this place it's edge.
Best Thai food EVER! I have to admit I was worried when I saw where it was located (ghetto area off the strip) but once you open the door, you walk into another world!!! Super impressive wine list. The waiter made recommendations so we just ate what he suggested. The coconut soup was rich and better than any soup from any other Thai place I've ever been. . Take a cab or walk if you have to...just make a reservation and go!!!
This Vegas treasure was truley worth the month in advance reservation we made. I had delicious coconut soup that was pefectly spiced. We also go the papaya salad, drunken noodles, and a red curry dish. Everything was so tasty and fresh. I love thai food and its hard to find that perfect combination of spicy yet savory and delicious. This spot hit it right on the nose!
Lotus of Siam is phenomenal!! It's located in a strange strip mall (the first time I brought my parents, they said they thought I was taking them to a seedy strip club!), but once inside, it looks and feels like your average casual thai restaurant. Be sure to make reservations - it can be an extremely long wait without one.. . Absolutely everything I have tried on this menu is good. In addition to the more typical dishes, they have a lot of really good catfish entrees - my favorite is the catfish salad, which has a delicious charred and limey taste. They also have some phenomenal soft shell crab dishes! Every single soup is good, especially the tom kha gai (I recommend ordering it very mild if you don't like spice!).. . Lotus is pretty out-of-the-way from where I live, but we make the trip there routinely - it is so worth it. If possible, go with a big group so that you can try a big variety of dishes.
Yummy! Very clean. Not only the atmosphere but also the food. . Either have a reservation or get here right at 5:30pm. We have showed up several times w/o a reservation and been turned away. . Prices are very reasonable. Food is just perfect in every way. . Meals tend to be on the spicy side so drop your number by 1 or 2 from what you usually order. At most places we order 6 or 7 but here we order 4 or 5.
Best savory flavor and they actually have Kai Kooah
Food was delicious and the atmosphere was far better than you would think based on the location. . . We had a bunch of classics and they were all excellent. The tom ka gai was tangy and spicy and flavorful. My mouth is literally watering just thinking about it. We also had the beef salad which was great. The beef was grilled and came in thicker slices than I'm used to and you could really enjoy the grilled flavor of the beef. We also had the short ribs in Penang curry-awesome. Beef was so tender and falling apart which is just how I like my slow cooked shot ribs. Lots of delicious curry. And we had sea bass on drunken noodles. The noodles were smokey and flavorful on their own. Pad Thai was delicious but you know, pad Thai can only ever be so good  . . I was not expecting much from the location, but it is surprisingly large and bustling inside with a friendly staff and comfortable surroundings. Not very fancy but this is not a dive or hole in the wall. . . My friends and all agree that we will definitely come back when we are next in Vegas.  But we will make reservations
Best Thai food! The dishes are very authentic! We take a taxi there every time we come to Vegas!. . Must try the nam Kao tod, and mango salad! It really says something when there are droves of taxi cabs dropping people off at the front door. . . The mango sweet rice dessert is really the best.
I come here every time I'm in LV. It is the best Thai Food. The menu is huge, diverse, and very flavorful. Be careful with the spices if you're sensitive. . The wait is rarely as long as they say. Prices are very reasonable.
It's worth the 1300+ reviews, and the five stars.  This place is amazing.  I've been here a number of times; probably every other trip to Vegas for me.  . . It's not actually that far off the strip, but it's in this really terribly run down strip mall that feels really sketch.  It's hard to see from the front, and you'll think "am I really in the right place"????  Well, you are.  And you really did want to go here.. . The food is frankly fantastic.  Every single thing I've had there is some of the best Thai food I've had, and I've been there with several people who have spent time in Thailand, and they said it was some of they best they've had as well.  . . Make sure to not skip out on the Northern Thai / Burmese food that's on the menu as well.  . . Last time I was here, we were in a rush to get to the airport, told the waiter, and the food was on the table in 15 minutes flat; it was amazing how good the service and speed was.  . . Oh, and did I mention it's cheap?
Best Thai food I've ever had and I live near San Francisco so have had some great Thai.  The atmosphere is very casual (which I actually like).  The menu and fine wine list are extensive.  I recommend the garlic shrimp and salad with steak.  We went back a second time the weekend of our visit.  Great place!
The food as usual was delicious. My favorite dish is the fried bass with drunken noodles. The fish is boneless, sliced in to strips and fried to perfection. Perfect with the side of drunken noodles. The tom yum soup was not very good tonight. It normally is spot on. This place is always so packed, the service lacks. You should definitely make reservations if you go. . . One issue I have with this place is the neighborhood it's in. There are lots of panhandlers here and it never fails that I get hit up for money. I just don't feel safe leaving here after dinner alone. Definitely go with company! Aside from that, you can expect good thai food. :)
A friend and chef at a steakhouse at The Venetian first took my wife and I there. THANK YOU!!!!!  Ever since then, my wife and I always make a trip there whenever we're in Vegas.  I agree with every accolade that has been given to this place.  It is without a doubt one of my favorite Thai restaurants and definitely the best Thai joint in Vegas.  . . The ambience is casual and no frills.  They don't even try to be hip.  . . The menu has a wide selection without being overwhelming.. . The food is sooo goood. Nuff said.  You have to try it to believe it. . . The price is more than fair.  They can charge significantly more and diners will continue to line up.  Yes, their food is THAT good!!. . The service is fast and quick, without the feeling of being rushed.  . . Notable mentions:  chili basil beef/chicken, drunken noodles, pad see ew, Thai green papaya salad, mango and sticky rice.
Some of the best Thai food I've ever had!  The place is in a strip mall, very nondescript, but the line of cabs outside shows you made it to the right restaurant.  The place was very full on a Monday night, but we got in and out of there quickly to make our show.  Service very friendly and efficient.  We got the pad thai, which was the best ever!  Usually the noodles taste bland, but these had a real tasty flavor.  We also had a curry pork which was also very good.  Other Thai restaurants could learn from Lotus of Siam!
Lotus of Siam is in a strip mall so don't expect great decor, but with the amazing food, who cares!  Be aware that the food is spiced on a Thai scale not an American scale so round down!  But I will come here every time I'm in Las Vegas.
Just had to add to the 5 star reviews. My coworkers and I found this restaurant off of yelp and thought 1300+ people cant be wrong. We didn't know what kind of area this would be located in Vegas, and it turns out this restaurant goes off the beaten path. The food is just amazing. I've been to a lot of Thai restaurants before and this makes my top 10. I have to attend a conference every year for work. My coworkers and I have agreed - this is now A MUST every trip.
All this and more.  It is always a delight to find the borderline sketchy strip shopping center and (from the outside) non-descript family-run restaurant that, upon entering, immediately informs of an otherworldy food experience.  Literally thought we had the wrong place at the door then walked in on a packed, multi room place buzzing with activity and chatter and one wall lined with a cellar containing nearly 50% Rieslings.  Settled on a moderately priced Mosel that beautifully married with whole roasted pompano and spicy sweet sauce, preceded by beef salad and pork apps.  First place for chow on return visit to LV.
Five stars might be a tad high, but level with me here. I live in Tucson, Arizona- the land of Sonoran hot dogs, thousands of Mexican eateries and like five very mediocre Thai restaurants and one extra crappy one. So LOS really hit the spot and somehow we managed to get a table within fifteens minutes after arriving on a Saturday night! The service was a little odd, though. We had one server who took our order and didn't come back until we paid. The rest of the time we had a busser working his tail off. We don't quite know who got the tip. Our food was delicious. We ordered green curry with beef, pad Thai with Chicken, the special mango salad with shrimp, chat broiled prawns, and sauteed veggies. The green curry wast personal favorite and it was super spicy. I'm never sure what to expect , so we went with medium and it was definitely on the high end of medium spice. My only quibble were the portion sizes. A touch on the small side but satisfying and fresh nonetheless. I ordered a Singha to drink but their wine list is certainly expansive. I'd skip most restaurants on the strip and take the short cab ride to this place. Plan ahead and try to make a reservation. We simply got lucky with out short wait time. I can't wait to come back for a bigger tasting of their menu. But this first visit was worth reviewing and it did not disappoint.
Favorite Thai place ever!!! Food & service is always great. I've tried several Thai restaurants around Las Vegas but there's no comparison. Lotus of Siam simply the best!!!!!!
Post-immigration scam speech (Americans are soooo stupid, after all) meal.  Strip center in comfortably rough section of town houses this amazing place where the best Thai cuisine is accompanied by delicate Rieslings and prompt, attentive service.  This is a LV no-brainer if you have any doubts about where to land for a meal in this town.
Wow, it's been awhile since we visited this restaurant.  But, we hadn't forgotten about it.  We always thinks about the Garlic Prawns (Chef's Choice).  Since this was an impromptu trip we didn't have a set plan for anything special, except to have Garlic Prawns.. . When we reached our hotel we immediately called the restaurant only to find out they are completely booked this evening and tomorrow evening as well. They said it could be up to an hour or more wait.  We decided to chance it since we wanted our guests to try the Prawns. My husband went into the restaurant and place our names on the waiting list.  we decided to cruise the strip thinking we had at least 45 minutes, well, within 20-25 min we got a call saying they are ready for us.  I was thankful we didn't drive further into the strip , we may have lost our spot if we didn't return on time!. . To not make this any longer, we got our prawns and we were pleased just like the first time.  Our guests enjoyed it just as much.  We enjoyed the Peking duck curry, yellow curry, nam sod, and fried banana and coconut ice cream for dessert.  Everything was excellent, including the customer service.  . . Oh, how I long to return already!
Located off the Strip in a seedy looking little industrial strip mall, you probably wouldn't give this place a second glance. But you would be missing out! Lotus of Siam has amazing food and a wine selection to rival most fine Italian restaurants and steakhouses. . . My husband and I first dined here in March of this year. He had heard about it on Yelp and all the reviews said to try the buffet. Unfortunately it's just a lunchtime buffet and we had missed it for the day, so we ordered off the menu. We were not disappointed. Our server suggested the Drunken Noodle Prawns and we also ordered Pad Prik King chicken. Both were outstanding. Our server was friendly and attentive and the restaurant was very clean. We had a wonderful Italian red wine with our meal that made it absolutely perfect.. . Today we had the opportunity to try the lunch buffet. It's $10.99 and served from 11:30-2:30. While there aren't a whole lot of items on the buffet, the dishes they have are fantastic. Drunken Noodles, Green Curry Chicken, and Pad Thai were my favorites. The Chow Mein, not something I would normally order, was also very good. We tried the two Thai beers and both were quite good. . . Ihave nothing but praise for Lotus of Siam. I've added it to the list of places I have to visit when in Vegas.
wow. eat here! this is a must for any traditional thai food lover.. papaya salad, green curry, drunken noodle prawn best I have ever had. EVER.
All I can say is #1 thai food.
Oh my gosh! Wow! Best Thai I have ever eaten. I wish I would have pictures but 'Plar' whole fish, Satay, and Tom Ka Kai soup were phenomenal! I will come back next time I am in Vegas!
So I was in vegas for four days for a work conference. In the spirit of team building about ten of us decided to go to this restaurant. It was recommended by a friend of a friend's cousin...so we were a little skeptical. This place is in a shopping center away from a main road faced opposite from the road, so we were again a little sketched. As you walk in it looks like a normal restaurant, except I noticed a bunch of James Beard Awards on the wall...okay getting better. The menu was extensive. They had every thai food you could think of and then some more. Well instead of us searching, contemplating, arguing and then making up about the menu, we asked our server (that was the advice people kept givving us). . . Sure enough, the server recommended item after item, and instead of getting just one thing per person we went family style and shared everything. It was a celebration of Thai food. The curried lamb and chicken were amazing. The noodles and tofu were just right. Everything was spot on and on point. I now see why they received all of those James Beard Awards. We also imbibed on some Thai Beer "Singha", they have a large or a small...i would go for the large. They are good. . . Next time I am in Vegas I am definitly going here. The atmosphere is great, the servers are very helpful and they know the menu inside and out. Just make sure you make a reservation ahead of time...that place can fill up in a minute.
Just awesome! This was the best food I've had.  This was great and so worth it.
The sea bass on drunken noodles is my personal favorite, but so far every dish I've had here has been delicious. And great service to boot, but don't be surprised to wait for a table. The word is getting out about how good the food is.
Best Thai food I have ever had!. . Based on the recommendation of a cabbie, we drove north to Lotus of Siam.  We shared two dishes, the Chef's Special Sea Bass with veggies, spices and wide flat noodles and Panang Curry Chicken.  I ordered the Panang with wide flat noodles as I prefer the noodles over rice with some dishes.. . Anyway - WOW!  The food was fantastic and worth the drive off the strip on the north side of town.. . We arrived around 1:30 pm for lunch.  They were still busy.  I'll admit that service was slow.  The waitstaff was friendly and knowledgeable.  Cost was maybe a tad on the high side but we both felt the food quality was worth the price.
Best pad Thai I've ever had! HUGE wine selection (60 pages), at 1130 there was a line of people waiting for it to open. By 12 every seat was taken. Great service, food came fast! Weird that it's in a strip mall, but keeps it quiter.
Found Lotus of Siam through internet research 3 years ago and it was the best food find in Las Vegas I've ever made.  A trip to Las Vegas isn't complete without coming here for dinner. Make sure and research the menu prior to coming as there's literally over 100 entrees to pick you 2-3 choices.  Getting recommendations from your server is good advice.  You can't go wrong as the food quality is top notch and expect some of the best Thai you've ever had.  It's a $20 taxi ride from LV strip and make sure and get reservations.  Be aware they only hold your reservation for 5 minutes, so get here early if on Fri-Sun night.
We went here and had the lunch buffet. For $10.99/person, the food was great and full of flavor. My favorite was the beef soup and red curry chicken...Good stuff!
Right. So I was recommended to try new things. By this, I mean things I would never normally eat at a Thai place. Scratch pad Thai and standard red curries.. . Begin food experience that went above and beyond any Thai experience I've had before. I rate the staff as the friendliest and most enjoyable staff I've had in Las Vegas. Bonus. Line when we got there, must be good and worth the wait. True.. . Had the fish cakes and the jerk pork appetizers. The pork was good, the sauce made it happen. The fish cakes? Out of this world. That sauce... The best I've had. . . The only miss on entrees was the jack fruit curry for me. Still, with that said, it wasn't bad, but jack fruit, like egg plant, always is a miss for me. So with that grain, I rate the place five stars as the best Thai I have ever had.
I could not stop saying how great the food was while wee were eating. Fresh ingredients and amazing flavor. Was just voted best Thai food in the world by  a thai food critic for the Wynn. Amazinggggggg
heard that Anthony Bourdain had visited so we stopped by on recent trip to Vegas. AMAZING food. and even more amazing wine list. both pretty surprising given nondescript location and underwhelming exterior. be sure to order something you have never had before to take advantage of the regional specialities offered that you won't see anywhere else.
Excellent.  Three good reviews that are more specific have been right on the mark and the lesser reviews were extremely picky. We got here at 545 and there was already a wait list, but the bar is accommodating and the meal was great, unique and delicious.
The food wasamazing! I'm not sure what I ordered since it took a while for me to write this but from what I do remember, the food was great! The garlic shrimp is a must have. It was deep fried and huge, like mini lobsters, and as good as the reviews said. The crispy duck was pretty damn good too. The three of us waited about half an hour to get seated. Only downside was our waiter, who forgot one of our orders and gave my wife an attitude when she couldn't make up her mind about what to order. But then again, we didn't go for the service; we went for the food.. . PROS: Deep fried garlic shrimp, crispy duck. . CONS: Waiter giving wife attitude, but whatevers. Garlic shrimp!
Hidden jem of Vegas! Recent discovery was the spicy chicken wings, oh my god they were amazing! I love this place!!
Can't add much more to the many many reviews on yelp about this place.  A few tips: 1) the entrance to the restaurant is from the back/parking lot area, not the main street; 2) the drinks at the bar while you wait for your table, and yes, you will wait (we did even with a reservation) are not horribly priced.  No hard liquor; and 3) make a reservation.  We called on our way into Vegas for the next day, so don't be scared off by this fact.  Just call, take the late night reservation time, and enjoy the food. . . Started with fried wontons, which honestly were tasty but nothing new or interesting or astonishing.  Then, had the beef with peppercorn, which is a ton of little peppercorns on the vine (?) which surprised me; but this was delicious.  Never had something like this before!  Also, tasted the garlic prawns.  All the talk on yelp, so I'll leave that to the serious seafood eaters. . . Giant parking lot, so that's one less thing to worry about.  Also, lots of cabs hanging out in the case you want to take one over from the strip and just step outside to head back.
Best and most authentic Thai restaurant in Vegas. And possibly in the U.S. If you are looking for the hidden gem in Vegas, this is it. Expect to wait for table, but that only means you are at the right place. If you eat at one place while you are here, this is it. And it's not some overpriced over hyped joint on the strip. Its the best Thai in the country buried in a dumpy strip mall, not far from the strip. Food. All curries are fantastic.  Tom kha kai is perfect, try the version without the coconut milk. I want that recipe!
Lotus of Siam really lives up to they hype. . . We had a 5:30p reservation. We arrived at 5:20p and there was already a huge crowd at the door. Now the 5 minute reservation window makes sense. . . We ordered a number of items and each one was delicious. How often can I say that? The thai iced tea isn't as sweet as at other Thai restaurants. The duck curry was amazing. I always order it at Thai places and this was one of the best. My Dad isn't big on eating out and he enjoyed this restaurant. That's saying a lot. . . I also loved all the framed photos of famous people on the walls. It is so fitting for a Vegas establishment. I spotted Alton Brown (on the wall)!  . . Lotus of Siam is a must try!
What a great experience!. . The restaurant is located in a shady shopping complex and the exterior is as low key as you could imagine. However once inside there is no hesitation that atmosphere is excellent.. . The staff was very friendly and willing to answer questions about the dishes to anyone who needs it.. . Food was awesome and plate licking good!. . Will be going back ASAP
I read about this place in Los Angeles magazine and was impressed by what the writer of the article had to say... " I would put Lotus up against anything I've had in the U.S. for Thai food. I'm blown away by the level of execution and consistency of their dishes." (http://www.lamag.com/features-hidden/2013/05/16/vegas-chefs-choice) . . Really now mister fancy chef dude? With all of the top notch Thai places in LA that is a rather bold statement and I decided I must witness such cuisine myself. . . My wife and I are in Vegas and we decide to make the trek from the strip to this place that is located in an oddball shopping center. We saw the place and were skeptical... we walked in and our nostrils were immediately welcomed by delicious Thai aromas. Skepticism melted away as we walked past the bunch of people waiting around for a table. We put our name down and the wait was long - I wish we had made a reservation. That right there folks is the only gripe I have.. . When the hostess took us to our table she warned us that since they are busy the wait for our food might be lengthy. At that point we had already invested too much time to turn back and after looking at all of the yelp reviews we were ready to try this stuff, so that warning did not detour us. We were then greeted by a friendly waiter and he took our drink and food orders efficiently. The hostess' warning turned out to be unnecessary as our food came out in a very reasonable amount of time. . . Okay, enough semantics. The FOOD. Oh, the glorious food. The drunken noodles with soft-shell crab were stunning. I took the first bite and I felt my eyes pop out of my head. The flavors were so amazing! Then the panang curry with crispy duck was unbelievable. I've had "crispy duck" before and never, never in my life has it been as delightfully crispy as it is here. Perfection!  . . My wife and I dine at some pretty spectacular places when we are in Vegas and we have talked about this meal more than any other. I will certainly be returning to this place each and every time I go to Vegas. So, yes. Mister fancy chef dude's bold statement is absolutely valid. Yes, I too am blown away by their amazing Thai food!
This is probably the priciest Thai food restaurant I've eaten at. But if I had to rate based solely on the food, this place was incredible. . My favorite was the Tom Kah Kai. It had an intense spice and was slightly sour, something I would not expect in this soup. . . Like everyone else, I tried the drunken noodles with soft shell crab and it was sooooo good. The fried fish cake had a lovely lemongrass flavor and the penang sauce with the crispy duck was very flavorful. . . I think I'll stop by everytime I visit Vegas.
This is one of my favorite places for Thai food.  Whenever I get the opportunity, I try to go there and bring friends and family.  It is incredibly deceptive in its appearance as it doesn't look like much from the outside and is in kind of a seedy looking strip mall.  I just park near the lights and remember to hide anything valuable.. . There can be a bit of a long wait depending on how many people are waiting (a bit of a gamble on when to go).  However, it is always well worth it.  . . I love that the food is representative of so many different places and regions.  I love the Yellow Curry and the staple I always order at every Thai restaurant, Pad Thai.  The curry isn't soupy but a good consistency and the Pad Thai is delicious as well.  While the portions can be a bit small compared to other places (I'm 6'0, 190), three dishes is usually enough for 2 of us easy.
I was here over the Thanksgiving Holiday from SoCal.  I must say that the food here is excellent.  One of the top 5 Thai places I have ever been too.  Definitely try the Crispy Duck with Panang Curry and Drunken Noodles with Sea Bass.  The service was excellent.  Make sure to show up early as this place gets packed with locals and visitors from out of town.  Definitely worth any sort of wait.  The only negative was the people wanting to wash my windshield and wheels on my car in the dark parking lot outside.
Boy did we have the right idea showing up before the restaurant opened, though we did eat here for Christmas dinner. There were about 30 people already in line at that time which attests to the popularity of this restaurant. . . As for our experience, the beef satay was spot on and our egg noodles in a creamy coconut sauce (medium spicy) with chicken were so tasty.. . Very reasonable prices and excellent service. . . We'll definitely return during our next visit to Vegas.
Lotus of Siam is one of those hidden gems as they say.  Yet everybody from the local foodie Las Vegan to celebrity chefs and Hollywood folk have been to Lotus of Siam.  Voted one of the top 50 restaurants in the USA.  Truly a great place with amazing food and a wine list that goes on and on!  We frequent Lotus once or twice a month, highly recommend if you get the chance !  Not pretty on the outside, but the food and service (interior pretty nice considering the exterior) surely make up for the curb appeal.  Hard to find, but well worth it!!
What can I say about this place that hasn't been said already?  It's no nonsense great food. Get the catfish!
Total find! Delicious Thai in an unassuming Las Vegas strip mall. Extensive wine list. They were able to accommodate my fish/vegetarian needs and everything was wonderful. Will definitely go back for more.
After a long drive to Vegas, my friends and I were hungry for something fulfilling and reasonably price. Since most restaurants on the strip are priced with $$$, I suggested Lotus of Siam to my friends knowing that most dishes will not break the budget. . . Although most people stated that a reservation was a must, we took a chance on a Friday evening and was quoted a wait time of 1.5 hr. The good thing about Lotus is that you can leave your number with them and they will call when the table is ready. After 45 minutes of waiting, we were promptly seated and ordered the following items: Garlic Prawns, Drunken Noodles w/ Crispy Duck, and Nam Prik Ong.. . I highly recomment the Garlic Prawns and Nam Prik Ong as they were the biggest hit at our table.
What a find!!!. . This restaurant located in an obscure mall somewhere outside of the Las Vegas Strip was a real diamond in the rough!. . First off, their wine list was longer than their menu--which is a great sign because I believe that you don't need to have a great wine list unless you have great food first to match it.. . We started out with the Tom Yum soup which was delicious and full of flavor and fresh chunks of mushrooms, but that was only the beginning.. . Our second dish was the Fried Pompano and it was so well flavored and moist in the middle--not to mention probably one of the biggest pompano I have seen (I was expecting something considerably smaller) but still managed to be tasty and NOT dry as you might expect from a large fish for it's kind.. . The third dish was the Crispy Duck w the Penang Curry--soo good, but so bad for you, but just generally sooo awesome!  It is as described by other yelpers so I will let their reviews make you drool.. . In the end, the two of us left there happily stuffed and hoping that we will be back in Vegas soon to try more.  With all the great food in the bay area, not too many places outside northern California impress me, but I am a big fan of this place now and can't wait to get back there!. . Happy Eating!
I have had a lot of Thai food in San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Las Vegas and I have to say that Lotus Siam is the best I've ever had.  The food here is worth the visit to a part of Vegas I would otherwise go to.  If you are a fan of Thai food, this place is a must visit.  What makes this place special is the subtleness of the flavors.  Thai places often overwhelm - but here, the flavors are amazing without being overwhelming.. . My favorite dish of the dinner was the Drunken Noodles with Crispy Duck.  We also had the Tom Yum Kai Soup, Spicy Thai Beef Salad, a Yellow Chicken Curry, and the Nam Prik Ong.  I would recommend all of the dishes we had - particularly the Nam Prik Ong.  Thank you to everyone on Yelp who recommended this dish!  This place is also a great value.  Great food + great value = five stars in my book!
