All rows get wet, watch out.  A mixed show for sure, which is probably why some reviewers here are dissapointed; sort of a spliced together cabaret show (done very well with a ?drag queen emcee, lots of titties (without nipples taped, cheesy vaudeville sketches, etc); Cirque acrobatics (all the in the air spinningand wrapping with drapes, amazing flips and balancing acts, etc); Improv comedy (by the very witty emcee); scary audience participation (glad I didnt get called up to be in the on-stage orgy....or was I jealous?) or interviewed about what sexual acts I was going to perform on the person next to me in front of everyone.  Had a "Blue balls" drink which was awful and amounted to a weak 2L sugar bomb; skip the drinks there and get some before the show.  A little more balance between boobies and other anotomical revelations would have been nice!  Well done production, had more hard laughs and breathtaking amazement than I have had in months.
So I've seen a lot of shows in Vegas and I have to admit this is one of the few I didn't see and I finally got to see it.  It is very fun and has a great staff that greet you when you walk in.  It is sexy, very sexy.  Made it very entertaining.  There isn't a fancy stage like KA or O but I guess the mere fact it deals with sex made it that much more fun.  Especially with the audience interaction.  . . I watched,  "Criss Angel Believe" the night before and this was much more worth it and cheaper.
Fantastic! Funny, sexy, entertaining, amazing, too much fun for words! I've seen other Cirques and this one is different, but in a good way. Sure on a scale of one to cirque its only a 6 or 7 because it lacks in costume and some acrobatics, but it makes up for that in the. fun department. You'll smile, you'll laugh, you get a little hot and bothered. and its cheaper than all the other Cirques. My only complaint was our seats. The tix 4 tonight guy convinced us to sit balcony. Unless you are shy do not sit in balcony no matter how many times the rude, loud mouthed tickets 4 tonight guy tells you they are just as good as the other seats. Super fun! Highly recommend it!
Sexy, entertaining, athletic and fun! . . Went with 3 others and everyone loved it.  Get used to seeing some topless ladies do some really neat things! The "hunks" in the show were pretty cheesy and you can tell that they only got the gig 'cause of their abs.  . . The clear bathtub act at the beginning of the show is incredible.   So are the hula hoops. And the aerial act. And... ok, you get the point.
I have never said "wow" so many times during a show.  Saw it at Nyny.  Very good! Just keep an open mind.
WOW! that pretty much could be all that needs to be said for this review, but that would be lame! . Zumanity A+. I have seen this show once before and i was blown away then. This time even knowing what to expect, STILL blown away.. This show is for the dirty minded only! =) The show is done in good taste, not like a straight out strip show. The comedy in the pre-show and throughout is just the best.
"Prepare to arouse your senses.". . Ladies, do you like sexy fauns (that's a half-man, half-beast with horns and legs of a goat, if you didn't know) with ripped abs growling and darting across the stage?  Apparently I do!! . . This was my first Cirque du Soleil show, so I can't compare it to any others, but I was thoroughly entertained by Zumanity!  If you are by any slight means conservative or are embarrassed easily by sex, this probably isn't the right show.  But... I am neither of those. . . The characters that interacted with the audience were funny and the acrobatic stunts were amazing - I couldn't keep my eyes off the stage.  Definitely a 5-star night of entertainment.
Is a trip to Vegas ever complete without a visit to a Cirque du Soleil show?  I think not.. . Whats a trip to Vegas without seeing some naked girls swimming and writhing in a giant human-sized fish bowl filled with water?. .                           ,___________,.                           .'                     '..                          /~~~^~~~^~^~~~\   .                         |           .-"" L_    o |      Fishies!.                         |    ;`, /       ( o \  o |       Here Fishie .                         |     \  ;           `,/    |       Fishie!.                          \    ;_/"`.__.-"     /.                           .\__________/.'.                                 '---------'. . I saw the fishbowl and I knew right away I was in.  . They hypnotize you . They seduce you, every act more titillating than the next. They make you sell your soul to the man next to you. You forget everything. You wake up and the next moment you're sitting in a vat of writhing bodies. Will you obey?. . I'm sore.  I guess that means I did.. . PS- If you're looking for a conservative show, this probably isn't for you and your family.  But the crude humor, the scantily clad muscled men (wrap him up i'll take him to go) and barely there women.  This was definitely my kinda show.  Crazy moves, random stunts, perverted jokes...This was definitely perfect for me.. . Don't get seats in the front rows if you don't want to be called on.  :)
This show has something for everyone. I suggest sitting in one of the loveseats right off the stage. It's more of a burlesque show so if you find topless dancers offensive then you probably won't have a good time. I think Hoops and Rose Boy were my favorite parts of the show. This is a great show for couples.
Qualification - this review is more for Cirque in general than Zumanity in particular.  Though I did see this show and I gladly give it five stars.  But it's five stars for a fixed theater show, which for me is way different than the rating system for performances in tents.. . When I was small and my parents inclined I'd be treated to Ringling Brothers at the Garden.  If recollection serves, we went more than a few times.  It was a seed cast on fertile soil.. . Ringling was in town during my last month as an undergrad.  The carnies were the only characters who could give me a run for my money at the pool table in the bar near the arena.  I went to this show twice, and after, as I was in the throes of finals and ennui, I returned to the back door of the venue to see what it might be like to really leave with them on their train.  I met a clown out of make up.  He was less entranced by my aspiration than I.  He gave me the straight scary skinny and I moped away, dejected, wishing I had gone to clown school instead of geology school.. . When the train pulled out of town I stood by the tracks and waved.  It was late.  I was sad.. . Years have come and gone, but my love for the circus arts is stronger than it's ever been.  You see, I'm a bit of a romantic, a dreamer, trapped in a pragmatic day to day.  I believe in courting and romantic love, I believe in happy endings, I like magic.  I am also all too well aware of the rest of it, the darker underbelly of our existential explanation and how we dance so willingly to this selfish flute.. . A circus well done captures all of this.  Good vanquishing evil, moons for the misbegotten, unrequited love made whole just before the curtain falls.  It's like crack for the heart.. . I've seen maybe 10 of the cirque shows, most in the Pac Bell parking lot, but a few on The Strip.  This year I think I'd like to travel to see Quidam, the only tent show I've missed.  They'll be at the Cow Palace, but I'm not a cow and it isn't a palace so I think maybe I'll go somewhere else.  Browsing the website I did find the fixed show in Macao strangely appealing.  It's a fixed show, yes.  But it's in Macao.. . If you said yes, I'd make the reservations right now.
I'm surprised that they can keep the level of energy up in the show while doing it twice a day, every day. This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show and I was really impressed with the stunts, set design, and costumes. We planned on seeing this before coming to town but were able to buy tickets at a Tix4Tonight stand on the strip earlier in the day (huge savings, btw). Our seats were on the main floor toward the back corner, but we were able to move once the show started since the theater was only about 90% full.. . Don't bring your kids to this one.
Amazing show. Provocative, sexy and arousing. Definitely sets the mood for later in the evening if you know what I mean ; ) Worth every cent & I can't wait to see it again. The whole cast was amazing they all came together to make the show what it is. I LOVED IT!!
It was perfect . Kind of kinky but very sexy . I loved it . THanks
I expected a good show but got GREAT! It was a great way to spend Valentines with the love of my life. . . Very sexy, full of energy and keeps you on the edge of your seat. Zumanity has a wow factor I have not experienced in a long time and recommend it to people with an open mind. This is not a show for everyone. I actually saw couples walk out but serious what do you expect to see?! It a show about sensuality! . . so to make a long story short......I LOVED IT!
This show was amazing.. . We went on a Saturday night at 7:30 to a sold out show. I booked my tickets on-line and splurged for lower orchestra seat and it was well worth it to be so close. . . If you decided to grab a drink before the show, they have a bar within the theater where you can slurp on such drink such as Blue Balls, Long Dong Iced Tea and Jello Shots.. . At 7:15 they start the pre-show which involves some audience interaction. BEWARE if you are close to the stage you are more likely to be picked.. . I can't put it any better than "You'll be constantly intrigued during the entire show." The acts a great, have good variety and will constantly keep you laughing, clapping or staring.  . . I recommend this show to everyone who doesn't want a typical night out.
Thorougly enjoyed Zumanity. Awesome, funny, very entertaining and interactive. Love the interaction as long as it's not me their picking on hahaha. I was nervous they would since my bf and i were sitting in the 2nd row but luckily they didn't cuz the things that they make you do up on the stage is ........ i would turn red like an apple. LOL.. . Definitely a different type of Cirque show. 360 turn from the elegant "O" show.  I don't think you will regret it as long as your not so uptight or easily offended. This may have been comped, but if i  paid for it, i would not come out dissapointed, same goes for  "O". Just don't watch KA whether you pay or its free.
LOVE IT!!!!  I've seen almost all of the Cirque Du Soleils, and this one is one of my top (along with Ka).  Granted, it's very different than any of the other CDS, but totally worth it.  This was my 2nd time seeing this one, and I was still just as amused as my first time seeing it.  There are no parts I disliked, or wasn't a fan of.  They definitely made it all very entertaining and fun.  I guess my only complaint is that I wish they used the main character in more scenes.. BTW, new york new york often runs specials for this show.  Be sure to check out their website!
OMG this show was super funny and made my cheeks hurt for two days from laughing so hard. I would not recommend this show to everyone you have to have the personality for it. If you can handle raw and wrong humor and can laugh at the 70's type swinger style stuff then you can handle this show. Go with a very open mind. . If you have an open mind go see it:)
Saw it last night and loved it!. . Different from the usual Cirque shows in the way that it was more comedy and not as many death defying stunts. This show is for 18 years and older and is quite risky so if you're uncomfortable with seeing partial nudity or sexual subjects I would not recommend this show. It was still a beautiful show with all the elaborate costumes (when they had more then underwear on) and a lot going on to keep you engaged.. . I sat in the balcony so I was safe from the interactions but if you're sitting on the main floor be prepared to be part of the comedy!
A great show!! it is worth every penny and dime! Hilarious, classy, and just damn right GREAT!!!! They get the audience involved and the show itself is very passionate and very compelling, spell binding... just awfully GREAT! Love each and every skit. There was not a dull second! I laughed so much and I was so warm. It was just amazing all around. This show is definitely not for kids!! a lot of adult humor. Great looking actors and host. A very open-minded show. Please prepare yourself to be hit with everything! That's what the show is all about... exploring everything.
Using dance and sensuality as its medium, Cirque's Zumanity explores the complexities of human behavior thoughtfully and provocatively. To me, the scenes seem more inquisitive than conclusive and paint a vivid but tasteful image of eroticism. The performers demonstrate an incredible mastery of their bodies as they explore experiences of innocence, connection, desire and even fetish. Well done.
Zumanity is the least acrobatic of all the Cirque shows, but probably the most entertaining, and definitely the funniest. Have a few drinks, loosen up and enjoy!. . PS. Don't take your parents. HAHA!
its so sexual w/ a lot of adult humor, what more can you ask for.
Disclaimer: This show is not for the kiddies!. . I'm like one of the most reserved girls ever in terms of the topic of sex or anything having to do with subject matter that you would find on HBO, but I actually really loved this show! It was a pleasant surprise that topped off my uber exciting Vegas trip with my girls!!. . When we got into the auditorium, we already knew it was going to be a little uncomfortable because a guy with large wings was eyeing us up and down as we entered the door. hahah. . Inside the room, there was a man and a woman who would go around taking pictures and flirting with the audience members. It was a laugh riot from the start. Their costumes were overly outrageous and sexual. . . I don't want to give away too much of this show, but expect nudity, audience participation, girl-on-girl action, and a woman who looks and talks like she could be Liza Minnelli's clone.. . A true gem of Vegas shows! I really think anyone will enjoy this one.
Better than a strip club!. I have seen different Cirque du Soleil shows, some better than others. If you are looking just for best acrobatics, this one is not for you. But if you want to turn your date on, Zumanity will do the job! Sizzling, sensual, sexy, funny! True adult entertainment. Perfect blend of acrobatics and eroticism.  Strip clubs are fun, but you've tried that before. Try something different. Totally worth the money. . Even though Zumanity is catered for straight, the show will be very entertaining for gays too.. Tip: there is no bathroom break, so make sure to use one ahead of time.
They dragged me on stage and made me shake it with some other guy from the audience! Ahhhh! The actors were hilarious and total dynamic of the cast was really good. I was impressed by the two girls in the fishbowl. I'd definitely see the show again.
Aboslutely LOVED the Zumanity show. It was a hilarious and exciting celebration of sexuality. I will go again the next time Im in Vegas.
Tits everywhere!. . Awesome! . . And I didn't get slapped by my wife for staring!. . Double Awesome!. . This show is not like a typical Cirque show, but it is. It wasn't raunchy at any point, but they got damn close with the Fabio look-alike striptease.. But since they didn't cross the line and I didn't see French-Canadian trouser snake swinging like wet spaghetti, they get to keep their 5 star. The comic relief bits in between were a bit long winded, and somewhat childish- "Whiskey Tits"? I don't know about that.. . Favs:. fish bowl bitches, hula hoop school girl, flying silk little person, bondage orgasm ropes act (having the ropes mic'd up was an awesome touch), orgy bit with audience participation at the end was awesome.. . The drag-queen host was great.
Great show, the actors are very interactive with the guest. Very funny and different. Would recomend to any one had a great time with my wife.
This show was absolutely AMAZING! I would definitely go one hundred more times! Always giving you a laugh! They interact with the audience and bringing people up on stage putting them on the spot which everyone gets a kick out of. Everyone has a good time during the show. Never wanted it to end! Awsome acts by them also!
trust me when i say this. I HAVE NEVER SEEN A SHOW LIKE THIS!.. and i mean it in a GOOD way. it was very intriguing and so fascinating.. i could not close my eyes.. this show is for ever open-minded person out there whether you're a lesbian, gay, transsexual, bisexual, or free-willed. Its a must see!!
C'est magnifique!! Absolutement merveilleux!! Encore un fois, bien gait Cirque du Soleil!!.  . What can I say, I luv this show!! Hands down it's my favourite Cirque du Soleil performance show and I've seen alot of them. I would say 'O' would fall into second place.. . The devine hostess herself guides you thru sensual erotic fantasies of your every whim! You name it, it was beautifull portrayed by the talented  Cirque performers. . . I had a preconceived notion that the show would be raunchy and cheesy. I mean, even with the Cirque name I had to brace myself. But, I was pleasantly surprised! . . Each fantasy was tastefully depicted with a classy sensuality. Erotica that wasn't vulgar. There were tender femine acrobatic aquatic moments, powerful machismo fighting duet, plump cotton candy women being loved, couples embrace, latex bondage, arousing whip cracking dominatrix, and primal jungle lust!. . Whoa... It was HOT!!  . . I loved how Cirque designed this show by having the featured act centre stage but vitally creating a sorrounding fantasy that compliment the theme of the featured performance.. . Mmm... It was so sinfully decadent. All I have to say is that God really created the human body and it's a gorgeous work of art.. . Zumanity ... Bravisimo, bravisimo , bravisimo !!. . Embrace yourself, embrace your partner under showers of rose petals... Mmm... Ciao bello
Let me just say I havent laughed so hard in quite awhile after seeing this show!. . Ive seen alot of Cirque du Soleil shows and most of them are boring to say the least, sure they do great acts but ussaly appealing to my parents age group. Im 21 and I thought Zumaniy was HILARIOUS !!!! Its not for everyone thats for sure, I read so many bad reviews about this show and I can only think that there humor is not mine. . . Best show on the strip. thats all I can say. Dont take your kids thats for sure!
I was totally not expecting to see a show when i came to Vegas. Heck i was just happy walking the strip and getting drinks at random bars at the hotel's and people watching!  When my awesome guy said we are seeing Zumanity at 10:00pm on a Saturday night i was in shock then excitment built up inside of me. Really... Really we get to go see Zumanity??!!. Okay so im a complete dork about the smallest things in life, and this made me happy. . We arrived there a little bit after the show started, but no worries we were able to get our tickets and hike up the windy yet beautiful staircase to our seats. The usher was friendly and welcomed us to the show, took a look at our tickets and we followed her to our seats. . Our seats were in the upper orchestra section which were awesome, could see the whole stage. . The show was enjoyable, sensuality and eroticism in all its forms and from all perspectives!! This is not a show for your parents, grandparents,anyone who blushes, or thinks this type of stuff is icky! For 90 minutes you are awestruck by the performers,costumes (well lack there of), acrobatics, dirty tongue in cheek jokes, and the unique music that makes Cirque du Soleil so darn cool!!
I have a thing for sensuality, and to intermingle it with cirque in such a way was fantastic
This show was so much fun!  I really enjoyed it.  It was funny and the performers were very talented and entertaining.  There was alot of bare breasts and thongs.  Some of the men were attractive, but I don't enjoy seen a man in a sparkling thong.. eww.  or cut off daisy-dukes.. lol.  My favorite act was probably the 2 girls in the big see-thru tub with water.  Very cool.  Great for couples.  And if you are sitting close to the stage, prepare to participate in the show!  Fun, Fun!!
I really enjoyed this show - entertaining, sexy, incredible talent. IMHO, it put Ka to shame. Loved all the audience participation (were they selected before the show?) Great theatre - but the ONLY issue was that the seats were really tight.
WOW!! I was invited to Vegas for an all expenses paid trip by a good friend, to celebrate another friends 21st birthday. The first night we all arrived we had tickets to see Chippendales, that review will be next. None the less that is a different kind of show, we were very loud at that one.. . The second night was Zumanity, and to my surprise a ticket had been purchased for me! I had not read up on it or anything so I really did not know what to expect. It had a fantastic opening, I won't tell to much because it was so amazing, I don't want to give it all away. I have to say it was naughty, fantastic, beautiful, sexual, mesmerizing, enchanting, hilarious, incredible, intense, stunning, and there was so much talent! The costumes were spectacular! Really well done!. . Having been at Chippendales the night before, I may have gotten a bit carried away, or not. They said at Zumanity, the more noise you make the more the performers know you appreciate what they are doing, that's all I needed to hear for me to make some noise. I wanted to switch it up from my usual, and suddenly Charo came out of my mouth. Reminded me of her in retrospect. Do not know how to explain the sound in letters. I was loud, my friends even looked at me and one of the performers whom I call Breakfast at Tiffany's, glanced in my direction and smiled. I was louder than the instrument's. I had to remind myself I wasn't at Chippendales. It was a blast.. . I have to say it was one of the most amazing shows I have seen in a really long time. If you get a chance to see it and the human body doesn't bother you go. It is really fantastic!
SEX, HUMOR, JEALOUSY, RAGE, DRAG QUEENS, FAUX-MACHO HUNKS, FAT LADIES, MIDGETS - it's ALL a part of ZUMANITY!. . THIS is what you do in VEGAS!  YESSSSS!!!!. . Zumanity was definitely a highlight of my Vegas experience!  It's everything you think of when you're visiting what's supposed to be such a wild and crazy city.  There's so much action going on during the whole show.  Lots of laughs.  The live singing was a plus!  It's not for the prudish or faint of heart.  (And if you are, get your ass in there and watch the show - live a little!)  . . Tips:. - Stroll on over to NYNY and buy tix early in the day.  The line is shorter and we got 3rd row seats with a great discount thru AAA.. - Oh, don't make direct eye contact with the performers or find yourself ON STAGE.  ;). - Take a look in the "peepholes" on the walls outside of the theater!  Pick up some tricks...
Fantastic show.  Wanted to see it when I was here in 2005, and couldn't get tix.  Got to see it this time with free tix as part of Expedia package.  This was an AWESOME SHOW!  Loved it, I think they could make a show just from the 4 comedic acts.
LOVED:. . 1. The host :) . 2. The intimate theatre (NO bad seats!). 3. Beautiful bodies of the performers, especially the martini glass contortionists. . . DIDN'T LOVE: . . 1. The male contortionist act was a little off-putting for me. Still an incredible feat, but I just don't think they pulled that off as sexy. Not for me, anyway! . . Still, I can't subtract a star. I loved this show, raunchiness and all!!
My parents had seen Zumanity several years before this and were very offended, which is exactly why we chose it.  I can totally understand why they were offended.  It was a very adult show, which we both really enjoyed.  . . DO NOT go to this show if you are easily offended or in any way made uncomfortable by things of a graphically sexual nature.  There are so many other Cirque shows to go to.  Don't spend $100 on this ticket if you think it might be too much.  . . On the other hand, if you like raunchy humor and the amazing acrobatics Cirque is famous for this is for you.  . . Most of the women spend the whole show in lingerie- thongs and bras.  Often they end of completely topless.  The men generally dress like the typical Chippendale's dancer would.  . . My favorite part of the show was a midget that did aerial acrobatics on two curtains.  Amazing regardless but really amazing considering that he was 4 feet tall.  My wife loved the two women that did water acrobatics in a glass that was only 3 feet deep.  I couldn't believe when they would dive into it even though it was only 3 feet deep.. . It was still a Cirque du Solei show and still had its really weird parts. Very funny was this guy with a HUGE cape (25 feet diameter) that would run across the stage between acts.  Silly. . . They did have a lot of interactive points.  At one point they pulled a middle aged woman (teacher) from the audience and put her into sexual positions with one of the actors.  I imagine she was horrible embarrassed!. . If you love all things raunchy and sexual, see this show.  If not, see Mystere.
We went to see Zumanity when we were in Vegas and we really enjoyed it. Is it the best Cirque show? No, but it is good. We loved the way they blended sensuality, sexuality, acrobatics and dancing together to form something different. That combination is what sets this show apart. . . I have to agree with other reviewers that if you are easily offended by sexuality, nudity, alternate lifestyles or vulgarity, this is not the show for you. Do yourself a favor and go see one of theother Cirque De Soleil shows on the strip. If you have no qualms with any of that or are open minded, it's worth the price of admission.. . I will say that I had wished we had better seats. We bought our tickets through a promotional package. Our seats were in the balcony section. I would have rather been on the lower level closer to the stage not only so we could see some of the performance better, but also in hopes we could be one of the audience members pulled onto stage. That was part of the fun of this show, was the audience participation either before the show started or during the show. I learned my lesson. . . The entire show was entertaining, made us laugh and was just fun in general. . . I will also say thanks to this show, when we returned home I bought my wife a bunch of hula hoops and a short plaid skirt. Oh yeah!
Great show! It blends comedy, sexuality, arial acrobats, and dance into one very entreating package. The M.C. who opens the show ( while people are still getting seated so arrive early) was very funny and got several members of the audience envolved. My favorite performance was the two women doing aquatic acrobats in a fish bowl (very cool). . . Don't be fooled and think this is some sort of strip show or somewhere a bunch of guys would go for a bachelor party because it's not at all. It's just a very entertaining Cirque show. With boobies.
Excellent show, This is a very good show and has amazing production value for a Vegas show ( which should be expected for a Cirque Du Soleil show) If you are unsure about topless shows but want to check it out this is a must. If you have seen other topless vegas show you will also enjoy this show. We ordered our tickets though Vegas.com and got 3rd row seats at balcony price. The performers come out into the audience and interact with you and actually pulled 3 or 4 people onto the stage to be apart of the show( they were actual audience members not planted cast members. ( if you dont want to interact just tell them no thanks you and they will move on, or buy tickets further back it is a very big theater and they only seemed to pull people in the first few rows. ) The show was interesting and you almost forget there are topless woman on the stage and topless men for the ladies. I have seen a number of topless vegas shows and this is one of the best. These are very talented performers and there is a good deal of acrobatics and dancing. If you only see one show in Vegas see this one.  ** Best for Couples or a group of woman** Don't take your mom to this show it cold be awkward,**
Looking for a Cirque du Soleil show? 3 stars. Looking for a sensual burlesque review? 5 stars. . If you've seen a couple of Cirque shows you will have higher expectations than what you get out of Zumanity. There is less variety of acts and most of the acts are versions of dance. . . If you are looking for a burlesque show with more to it than your standard T&A stripper act? This is the best one you'll find. . . The dancing on a bolt of silk while dangling from the cieling act is turned into a amazing performance of sensual bondage and rubber. The synchronized swimmers are a homo-erotic pair of beautiful women scintillating the voyeuristic audience in a large glass bowl. The costuming is brilliant and they were extremely successful and combining the acrobatic talent Cirque is known for with varied expression of sexuality. . . Again - if you are looking for a Cirque show, try Love or Mystere. But if you're looking for a higher-class version of a burlesque/T&A show (that is couples friendly), this is the best one in Vegas.
My experience with Cirque du Soleil shows is limited  as I've only been to this one and Mystere, but this is a really good show!. . From beginning to end, this show was funny, raunchy - and basically just plain fun. There is nudity and obviously there is sexuality depicted in the show, so if this is not your thing, this is not the show for you.. . If you sit in the front, you definitely run the risk that the performers will make you a part of the entertainment, but everyone is fair game. . . Discount tickets are definitely available at the many discount ticket vendors on the strip, so definitely take advantage of this option if you can. We sat in the balcony, and could see pretty well (some guy kept leaning forward and so I had to keep adjusting), but I'm sure that sitting on the main floor would have been better.
Hands down Best show I saw in Vegas and I've seen a number of show which you'll see after I post all my reviews! :) You definitely want to get there 30 minutes before show time because the party is already starting. I don't what to give everything away but even though I've seen this show I would love to see it again! This is a great show for all sexualities! Oh and if you're shy you probably don't want to sit too close to the stage. :D I know a lot of people complained about the nudity( get over it it's just breasts!), but it's honestly not too much for a Vegas sensual show. There are some very talented dancers, acrobats, and comedians. I Loved, Loved, Loved it!!!
Great show.  Very interactive and Sexy.
With my first experience with Cirque du Soleil, this was a great introduction. From what I hear, a lot of the other shows have a great storyline to keep you going. Zumanity, on the other hand, exposes the skill of their artists in a sexy, seductive attitude.. . For each of the main parts of the show, they were smooth and elegant while highlighting the, ahem, finer parts of the body. But the in-between moments were filled with raunchy and funny skits and audience interactions that seems typical of Vegas. Everyone in the front is pretty much fair game for the entertainers to use you, abuse you, and play with you ;). . Either way you'll enjoy the amazing acrobatics and the sensuality that is kitschy but if you just buy into it, you'll love it.
My FIRST Cirque show and I can't wait to see more. This show is super sexual but hilarious. There was great audience interaction but I think I'd be too embarrassed to go on stage. My friends and I really enjoyed the scene with the water tank and also the girl in the school girl outfit and hoops. I especially enjoyed the skits though because they were hilarious. I've heard that Zumanity is super different from the other Cirque shows so if you've seen others, I'm not too sure you would enjoy this one. . . It was hilarious when the guy pulled out a banana and had a couple take a bite. This is a great show but hard to describe. It's one of those things you have to be there to know about. But if you're not the skittish type when it comes to sexuality and sensualness, you should enjoy the show :] Just go and watch it with an open mind.
Not for the easily offended.  Definitely puts the sin back in SIn CIty.  If you want impressive physical feats that Cirque is known for and also some bonus laughs (and plenty of females nekked!), this show is for you.  It would be tough to find a bad seat in the theater, so don't worry.  Just relax and enjoy the ZUMANITY!
I'm convinced this is the planet Lady Gaga is from.. . What a show! I've only seen two shows in vegas and this was the second and boy was it... sexual. There is no holding back in here, no topic is off limits and the end of the show leaves you very... satisfied.. . I went in not knowing what to really expect besides nudity and crazy acrobatics but it turned out being pretty damn funny too. There is a lot of audience participation and the show definitely ends with a "bang" haha.. . After leaving the show sex was definitely in the air... While waiting in line to buy a drink at a bar close to the theater entrance some random drunk chick walked up to me and asked if she could lick my face. I mean, I'm not gonna NOT let some chick lick my face, it is Vegas. That quickly turned into a zumanity style kiss that tasted like a strawberry daiquiri.. . Fellas, I guess the pro tip would be if you're not going to see the show, chill by the bar near the show and wait for all the drunk and sexually excited women to swarm out.. . Gotta love Vegas.
parking near the casino is lucky so either park and walk or do the valet.. . I LOVE THIS SHOW!  Its the ONLY 21 and OVER Cirque show.  One thing that gets me happy about this show is the LIVE SINGER.  She's so awesome, i wish she had a nice pop album to buy to show her how much i loved her singing and emotion that she caused for the show.. . I'm not comparing this to Beatles Love Cirque but this woman is live and she makes you feel the moves and the actions of all the performers.  I can't believe she sings like this twice a day all week.  To hit her cues, and to reach the emotion that you can feel it while they perform, its incredible.. . Its a slightly more sexual show.  Its really for adults.  The clowns in the beginning they walk around with dildos in their coat pockets..so they will entertain you for the 20 to 30 minutes before the actual show starts...thats how cool that is.. . I must say this though.  The two guys wrestling in the cage, that kind of suprised me, i assume it was supposed to be like a prison scene...thats all you need to know.  If you want to know more...GO SEE THE SHOW.
The wife and I have been making an annual pilgrimage to Vegas for about 9 years now.  We have not "repeated" any shows up to this point.  We first saw Zumanity about 5 years ago and decided to go back this year.  THIS IS THE BEST SHOW EVER!!!  Women should wear absorbent panties and men should wear loose fitting pants.  Enough said... GO SEE THIS SHOW!!!
Beautiful women doing amazing things whilst wearing next to nothing AND you can take your wife or girlfriend to it and she'll enjoy it? Sounds like a winner to me. . . The feats of muscle and balance are amazing to watch and all of the accompanying songs and music are performed live. The show is a mix of raunchiness and romance and does a good job of not going too far in either direction. . . Oh, and did I mention the women are mostly topless (and mostly pasty free) and wearing the skimpiest of clothing everywhere else? There's some eye candy for the ladies too though us guys definitely get the better end of the deal as far as quantity goes. . . There's a bar within the theater with some good drinks and the prices aren't too out of this world.
Wahoo! A cirque show that didn't make me wanna slit my wrist or stare at my watch!. . Zumanity is the best Cirque show, ever. Sexy, crass, raunchy, exotic, sexy, spicy, funny, and erotic. It is the VEGAS side of Cirque... Sensual, not so much.... . The cast is beautiful, talented, funny, and charming. The show is MCed by a drag queen. Then goes on to explore sex. Gay, straight, lesbian, props, it's all there! Definitely go to this show with a lover... You'll have a lot of fun and strike up some creative ideas and places to do your "thang.". . This show is more topless than anything. As far as the men go, it's all butts, no nuts. As in most (all in my opinion) Cirque shows, there is no real story, just an overall theme.
oh Cirque you definitely delivered for my first vegas show ever!. . hot men, hot women, hot sets, hot songs with amazing live vocals, hot acts and acrobatics... I can't do the show justice.  get your ass to a discount ticket kiosk on the strip, choose balcony seating, and prepare yourself to get twerked up and turned on for 90 mins straight
My very first Vegas show and may I just say................. . WOW. Amazing show. Amazing acrobatic moments.
Wow!  Funny, sexy, great theatre, amazing performance!  Adult, but not embarrassingly so.
I thought in many ways it was better than O. And not because of the boobs.  It was a very good funny show.
I'm still speechless. . . A topless cirque du soleil??   YES PLEASE!!. A gorgeous cast??  YES PLEASE!!. Jaw dropping acts??  YES PLEASE!!. . I have absolutely loved every CIrque show I've seen so far, but this one trumps them all.. . There isn't much to say that 500+ others haven't already said.  WOW WOW and WOW!  I had so much fun that I almost cried when it was over.  . . MUST SEE!. . P.S. don't bring your grandmother..ha
I LOVE zumanity. . . I love how they begin entertaining the audience as we wait for the show to begin. I wasn't expecting any comedy but they were hilarious! There was a lot of amazing talent, including the singers (WOW). My boyfriend was  totally skeptical towards watching this show but he ended up loving it in the end! I would totally see this show again. It was very sexy, edgy, and erotic. . . Tip: Get yourself the zumantini or the blue balls drink....super delishhh
Stunning!
Loved it! Sexy, Fun and a overall great show!
There are two types of Cirque shows:  1.)  traveling 'small' shows which typically are intimate, in the round, and offer circus like things (Alegria, Kooza, Corteo) OR 2.) spectacular spectaculars (Viva Elvis, Beatles LOVE, O, Mystere).  ZUMANITY is in category one, except it isn't traveling.  Instead it's at the NYNY in Vegas.  However --. . -- it's also in a category all its own.  Since it's R-rated.  Cirque + Vaudeville humor + Burlesque stylings.  Please note I didn't say X-rated.  You won't see anything below the belt.  Just boobies.  And if you're into big round floppy boobies, or big fake salad bowl boobies -- you're going to be disappointed.  The boobies are few and far in between... and the cups do not runneth over.  In fact, deep in the show when you see a woman take to one of those stripper bars, the boobs were so small I wondered if she was a dude.. . And that's not a silly thing to say in a show that's hosted by a drag queen.  In a show that gets visited by a Prince-like man in heels pulling various giant fabric flags -- apparently the opening ceremonies to the Gay Olympics.   There's even amorous moments between players on the same teams.  So what is CRITICAL to know about Zumanity is that it's not Jubilee (Fank Thucking God).  That is to say if you and your Bible can't stand anything but monogamous heterosexual sex, my oh MY are you in the wrong theater.  (Or really, maybe in the right one.). . Speaking of the theater:  it's gorgeous.  Cirque always does a great job with their interiors and this one was no exception.  It's a shame it wasn't set up as a cabaret -- with tables and drinks -- because it would have perfectly matched the show's atmosphere.. . Okay, so what of the show itself?  I don't want to ruin the fun, but basically our Master/Mistress of Ceremonies is hilarious.  So are his comic pals, who together, make the best clowns I've ever seen in a Cirque show.  This is kind of a funny accident, that the funniest 'clowns' are in a show children can't see.. . Even funnier, though, are the 'clowns' they pick from the audience and involve in all sorts of inappropriate moments.  WARNING:  if you wear dentures, you risk spitting them out at some of the gags these comedians pull.  Except for one SNLish skit about boob enhancements (which should be pulled and replaced ASAP), the fun with the audience bits remind us older viewers of Candid Camera's at its best:  catching people being themselves.  It's really that funny and worth going to the show again sometime.  I know I will return -- and try to get 'those' seats for my friends.. . But what of the visuals?  The dancing?  The singing?  The swimming?  The spinning around on wires?  The hoops?  The contortions?  Most of it is pretty good, as good as any normal Cirque show.  Not exemplary Cirque, but solid.  There was a little too much of chicks hanging around on ropes, and so the latter number (heavy breather hanging from straps) should be cut and replaced with something utterly different.. . The music got a little loud at times, just as there were occasional blinding flashes of white light which momentarily illuminated the entire audience -- both of which I felt were to prevent certain audience members from falling asleep.  Heck, if you want to keep people awake, see my next note.. . It's a very weird note to have to make -- in my not at all humble opinion, there needs be equal access nudity in this show.  Cirque is innovative, daring, and bold, and so I frankly expected to see some sausages swinging around at some point.  The fact that only tangerine cupped women were exposing themselves... didn't... feel... fair.  Half the audience were women... and so why didn't half the audience get to see the third leg of at least one man?   What a ripoff.. . That said, and I'm surprised I'm saying this, Cirque's ZUMANITY is one of the best Cirque show's in Vegas.  You heard me right.  ZUMANITY trumps LE REVE and KA -- and it's cheaper than both.  ZU is more memorable and recommendable to adults than MYSTERE, even though MYSTERE is fun in it's own way.  Only LOVE and O trump ZU, but they are spectacular spectaculars... and so that makes sense. . . I'm giving this 4.7 stars.  It would have gotten five, but too often the show plays to the front center and utterly ignores the side seats.. . ;-)
This is my first show of Cirque Du Soleil so it gets 5 stars. Haha. I had doubts about it but one friend recommended it and guaranteed that it is the best show of all. My first choice was KA but they were not performing on the day we want to see a show, so we bought tickets for Zumanity. . To my surprise, it was indeed a great show. Lots of nudity, the show is sexy, acrobatics were unbelievable, and actors were real fun. I love the part were there are two chicks swimming in a giant martini glass. Two thumbs up!! Would love to see it again!!
I've never had eyesex before until now!
Acrobatic acts + Bewbies + Hot Guys + Raunchiness+ Humor = Zumanity.. . How could you not loving all of the above? . . I was not sure if this show would be any good just because of the mixed reviews. I was so happy to say, that this is one of my favorite Cirque's show. The opening act was funny and raunchy. I like how they asked audience to participate more in this show.. . The acrobatic acts were amazing. A lot of acrobatic acts in the air, so the further your seat is, the better the view will be. Our seats were at the left balcony area and they were perfect seats.. . Zumanity is a show that celebrating sensuality, so if you are not comfortable with sex jokes, nudity, and same sex issues then this show is not for you. If you loved all the above and want to celebrate your sensuality, please see this show. They deserve more love from all of us. Amor! Zumanity!
Cirque Du Soleil but only edgy and more soft core porn. It's a big orgy fest! . . The show was fantastic. The high light of the show was the two chicks that were swimming in the water. They always say you shouldn't dive into shallow pools but they did that. . . Some of the acts seem like the same thing I've seen before, to the hula dancer to the girl flying across the crowd in bed sheets. But than again they are naked, well boobies and all. . . The singers were great as the band. I'm not sure how the band can stay on a bridge above the stage and not drop anything. But hey whatever.. . The funny parts of the show were the "clowns". The Scotch Boobies was a funny skit as well as the interaction with the audiences. The big girls, they were funny as well when they interacted with the audience. Dildos were used. . . I wasn't big on the seats. Should have spent the extra money to get to the bottom.. . **Guys if you go with your girl friend make sure you cover your GF's eyes when the muscle guy comes out and starts ripping of his clothes. **
This show was awesome!  We got third row seats so we had an amazing view.  The fat ladies are hilarious, and the tranny actually looked somewhat like a lady.  The redhead is so incredibly hot.  The acrobats were great and the girls diving into the shallow pool was amazing.  Well done!
Another of my favorite shows on the strip. I have been on three occasions over the years and with the bevy of acts that change out from time to time, it's always a new and magical experience.. . I'm a huge fan of bawdy comedy, so there's nothing really I don't love about this show. I laugh, I stare in awe and I leave feeling like I got my money's worth. That's all there is to know about this show. Worth it on all levels, in my opinion. Go now, and enjoy.
Simply put, this show is amazing. It is full of sexual inuendos, excitement, and raunchiness. This show has something for everyone, a tranny emcee, an African themed segment with explosive movement and intensity, two acrobat girls in water, two big girls who love their curves, sexy scantily clad men/women, and the list goes ON and ON. . . If you sit on the 1st few rows, be prepared to potentially be brought on stage or participate in the show (@ least I don't think that was a part of the act).. . This is a MUST see show. You will walk away wanting a happy ending:-). . Oh, the Zumanitini drinks are really good and strong.
What a great show!  Having seen eight Cirque shows this was by far the most fun of them all - I laughed a lot, I cringed when watching the male contortionist, I loved it all - Will go and see it again....
Amazing, This is what a show should be. Fun, Sexy and impressive. It has wonderful audience interaction. The performers are some of the most athletic, beautiful and graceful people I've ever seen. Go see it.
The fun begins long before the show starts.. . That's right. Before we get 90 sexy minutes of cabaret fun, 20 minutes to the show's start time, a plethora of the show's characters wander inti the lobby. Apparently the characters vary, but you can get pictures and autographs from the characters. I got my autographs from the aerial straps girl, the faun, one of the 2 gay boxers, two of the background lovers, and one of the water bowl girls, and got some awesome pics too.. . Anyways, onto the show. Here's a summary of the show for those of you with short attention spans:. . Typical Cirque acrobatics and stunts that make Chuck Norris shit his pants + boobies (almost nonstop) + gay interest + eye candy + fat chicks + a drag queen = Zumanity.. . How is what i listed above not tempting you to see it?! In fact, as a Yelper correctly put it: ZumaniTITTIES is more like it.. . Our host for the night is Edie, a drag queen who is incredibly convincing- in everything, the voice, the looks, she (it) even has convincing boobs. She has a wicked sense of humour (and even pointed at one person and asked "is this my gay section?!").. . As the poster suggests, this is indeed the sensual side of the circus of the sun, as we have the cirque feel grounded- we haveaerial silk, aerial hoops and other acrobatics. However, it's also the cozier and more one-on-one side.. . There's non stop boobs. And I mean, NON STOP. My brain would melt trying to find a scene that doesn't have boobs. Anything else? Well, one penis flash played for laughs, and that's about it. Any below the belt nudity from women is the design of their suit. The suit designs are, as expected, erotic- one male dancer even has a steel case for his penis installed on his crotch. Other than that, major boobage.. . The acrobatics blend in beautifully with the cabaret setting. The two girls in a water bowl was simply amazing- you see the bowl and wonder how they fit in, then they simply slide in... Just beautiful. There's a girl who does 50 hula hoops while hanging from a rope... It may seem illogical but when you see it, you will be wowed. A particularly interesting stunt was the aerial straps, where a girl moves up and down these straps,which amounts to a (simulated)orgasm- symbolizing our need to "break free" from the straps that bind us from being human, of a girl having broken free and having been awakened sexually.. . Then for the outright raunchy stuff. Girls will dig the scene featuring Castro, the Rose boy. He's a handsome Fabio dude who has a weakness... For the ladies. He hands out several roses to the girls in the audience and strips down to his g-string, and, well, bad news, girls, but that's all you get. A comedy sketch cleverly parodies those infomercials and girls who think that image s everything- "Scotch Baggies", where you learn to make your boobs look bigger by filling baggies with scotch and stuffing them in your bra, which will leave your throat sore from laughing so hard. The actress has just the voice for that, too! And she comes out with her Italian Fabio to bring two audience members to the stage to simulate sex, which is always hilarious too.. . Oh, and let's not forget the gigantic (simulated)orgy that happens. A note to everyone, if you DON'T want to be involved, stay away from the first six rows (I was in the cabaret stools, way at the back). An Oregonian was brought onstage, and he was a young teacher guy named BJ (yes, plenty of rude jokes were made about that). A retired Canadian was brought in stage, which ruled! And she went at the performer too- go, Canada!!. . On a side note, ill also mention that an actor asked me if I was alone (quite a few will wander through out the audience to tease you at various times). It was quite hilarious.. . In short, Zumanity is sexy, silly, raunchy and hilarious fun. It is the first resident Cirque show I've ever seen, and it won't be the last. If you have seen it and didn't find it sexy or entertaining, well, you need therapy, or are just pretending in hopes that your parents won't find out you've been seeing adults only material. Or you're probably the guy who drunkenly stumbled out of the theatre and puked all over the fancy theatre floor during the aerial straps when I saw the show.. . Oh, and check out the peepholes in the wall leading to the floor section- they are hilarious!!!!
Acrobatic, sexy and funny: The show is exactly what they advertize on their flyers and posters.. . And because we sat near the front of the stage, I even got included into the cabaret part of this show, which was fun and only a little bit awkward :).
This show is exactly how they advertize it! It is acrobatic, sexy, and funny. . . Once people are in their seats and while others are still arriving the show begins! They have some of the cast members come out into the audience preshow to get things started. . . I don't want to give every scene away but the host of the show is Edie who is a drag queen. She begins each act and gives you a tour of sexuality. There is plenty of boobs and nakedness so if you are shy this is probably not your show.  If you sit in the bottom half of the arena especially on the couches the actors in the show will involve you. You can always tell them no but most people who were hesitant at first gave in after some prodding. . . I think that if you are looking for a Cirque du Soleil show with a little spunk then this is a perfect show to see. This was my first Cirque show and I felt like everything I know about Cirque you get with this show plus more.
My favorite show on the strip. It's an adult show but in the right way. It's also very funny. Can't wait to see it again.
WOW! All I can say is that this was one of the sexiest shows my wife and I have seen. Now there is "slutty" and there is "sultry". Zumanity is definitely the latter without being too "out there" for the vanilla types, and just enough spice for those who enjoy a more outrageous lifestyle. . . I knew the show was amazing when one of the performers, reclined on a couch just above the concession stand gave me a beautiful, lustful, sultry "come hither" stare and I felt the "butterflies" in my stomach. The rest of the show was just as amazing. . . Highly recommended for loving couples who enjoy mature, yet seductive entertainment. Leave the kids at home for this one...
Must see! Great show!
Awesome show! I really enjoyed it. If you sit in the front or in seat number 69, you will be picked on by their zany characters. Some cast members come out before the show starts to mess with the audience. Overall it was really fun and unbelievable.
The Prince of Taiwan has got to give this place 5 stars because this is the first Cirque show he has ever seen, so there is no comparison to O, or La Reve, or the donkey show in Tijuana. . . I loved everything about this show, from the cast coming out for photo ops and autographs before the show to the brilliant show itself. . . yes, you have boobies, but not gigantic melons like other shows such as Peepshow or Crazy Girls. It's all good...I am an equal opportunity admirer of boobies of all shapes and sizes, the female dancers here are lithe and athletic, and they are in superb shape, so you get to appreciate the entire female form, not just a pair of hug knockers. If that is all you want just head over to Deja vu Centerfolds.. . . best moments:. Hot girl in school girl outfit hula hooping for her life.. Two hot girls swimming around almost nekkid in a damn fishbowl. Yes, they do make out a bit, and it is quite the view. Oh yeah..they are really bendy.. . Near the end of the show, yes there is a simulated orgy at the end in which the cast invite guests from the audience to participate, and they picked this wrinkled 80 year old grandma to come on stage and dry hump one of the chiseled men. It was traumatic, but oh-so-funny to see old Miss Daisy riding the guy cowgirl style. The poor guy was probably closing his eye and thinking of Eva Longoria or someone at least not born during FDR's presidential terms.
Fantastic show!. . A lot of the acts were just unbelievably amazing.  I don't want to give anything away but there were some fantastic acrobats, dancers, and just really funny people.. . It was also very sexxxy :)  And definitely left you feeling a little bit sexual afterwards which I liked.  . . It is not like your typical Cirque De Solei show.  If you are shy or hesitant about seeing lots of boobs and butts and near humping on the stage then you should not attend!  I would also recommend that the shy people sit in the balcony or else someone might come and mess with you :)
I really liked this show! It was sexy and provocative and very, very cool. The acrobatics were melded into the story line in an interesting way, and even though it was a variety show format, I felt there was a great deal of coheasion among the acts. The dancers where beautiful and interesting to watch, the acrobats impressive. There's quite a bit of nudity and if you're prudish, you might be put off by some of the implications on stage, but it was a great show.
Acrobatics, singing, comedy, incredible costumes, dancing, lots of sexual innuendos, men with rock hard abs and women's boobies. Lots and lots of women's bobbies. Yup, this shows got something for every adult out there. . . Before you call me a perv, my wife is the one who picked out what show we were going to see while in Vegas, so call her the perv. . . Like I stated above, Zumanity has something for everyone. Contrary to what you may have heard, Zumanity is not all about sex. . . Well, it actually is but not in a pornographic way. It's sexy, sensual, seductive and most importantly, tastefully done. The choreographer of Zumanity did an amazing job at making sure this show is as steamy and racy as possible without crossing any major lines. Of course there were a few folks in the sold out arena who were not prepared for what they witnessed and actually left during the performance but for the most part, the crowd was really into what was taking place on the gorgeous stage. . . Some of the highlights of Zumanity are these two incredibly beautiful woman swimming in a fish bowl, a very attractive red headed girl doing amazing things with silver hula hoops, two super sexy dudes battling it out for a woman's affection only to fall for each other during the brawl and of course all the crowd interactions. . . I couldn't believe the things the two hilarious MC's would get the audience to partake in. They took two random people from the audience and pretty much made them dry hump each other on stage while their significant others watched from their seats. HILARIOUS. . . If you're the type of person who gets uncomfortable in risque situations than this show is definitely not for you. If you're into risque situations, dirty jokes, intimate, steamy scenes, sexy men with rock hard abs and stunning woman with their breasts hanging out for the world to see, than Zumanity is a MUST SEE. If you look hard enough on the web, you can get good seats for reasonable prices.
Holy crap this show is amazing, it is perfect for those who like it a little rowdy and raunchy and just plain awesome. It was an endless sexy meat parade. If you are opposed to having fun or seeing a boob or two you should probably not see it. And promptly return to the rock from under which you came.. . The theater is beautiful, the show is great, the artists were amazing, I loved every minute. Money well spent.
I absolutely loved this show! It is fun, erotic, sensual, and acrobatic all in one! The show is produced tastefully to not let the sex be overbearing. The stunts were amazing while some of parts of the show were hilarious. The host is a doll because she (or should I say he) interacts with the audience with the perfect amount of comic and courtesy. Besides, "O" at Bellagio, Zumanity is definitely my favorite Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas. You pay half of the price compared to "O" but I believe you are likely to be even more entertained by "Zumanity" than "O".
BUTTS & BOOBS!!!!!!This is was our first Cirque du soleil show and it wont be our last! It was Soooooo FUNNY with the ladies and men cracking jokes at the audience really getting everyone involved. I really enjoyed it all!!! I can't wait to see a different show!!!! They did a wonderful job!
I. LOVED. IT!. . If you're a prude, do-not-see-this-show!. IT'S SO FUN =) I think it would be great for couples, bachelorette parties, and dates with my gay boyfriends!. This time around, I watched it with my boyfriend. And he loved it!. . Along with the normal Cirque acrobatics, it's so sexually charged and funny. . For being my 1st Cirque show (Elvis Show I've seen doesn't count,) I was extremely impressed and amazed.. . Got these tix comped but, it's a show I would def pay to see.
We LOVED this show and will be going back FOR SURE! I'd even pay full price for tickets to see it.. . I agree with previous reviews that if you are a prude or easily offended, DO NOT see this show. It's not for the faint of heart, but AMAZING for couples or a fun girls weekend. You also have to have a sense of humor to enjoy this type of show.. . The show is sexy, sensual, funny, and still has that "Cirque" feel to it. The theater is quaint without feeling too small. We were on an end and it was a great experience since the show is somewhat interactive. I'd love to sit in the same place again!. . Add this to your list for your next trip to Vegas!
We LOVED the show.  The performances of the athletes, dancers, gymnasts was superior and world class!! Amazing to see the human body perform such difficult moves. It was really a great date place for my husband and I since the theme was Love and sensuality. The guy to girl performer ratio stayed even. We have a diverse sense of humor so it was perfect for us.  If you are prude, get easily offended this adult themed show might not be for you. Now we want to go back and see all the Cirque shows!
My wife and I found this to be a really fun evening out.  As we were sitting front and center, I was part of the pre-show.  As others have indicated, if you have a problem with seeing topless performers and hearing anything other than G-rated dialogue, this is not the show for you.  There is some audience participation, so bring your sense of humor - if you are anywhere near the stage you might become part of the show.
What a kick-ass show! I love how sexually charged it was and how it celebrated various body types, fetishes, etc. There was alot of humor, incredible feats, and I loved the audience participation. So hilarious. . . My friend and I paid close to $100 for upper balcony seats but they were still awesome. We were seated right in the middle of the stage and had a wonderful view. The concession stand was cool and was mirrored after one at a movie theater. Bar drinks were abundant as well as popcorn and movie candy! Loved it. . . As we were leaving, one couple was telling us that they had been a couple times and the acts are switched up a bit. I thought that was cool to see different things. I am taking my husband next month and I made sure to get the lower orchestra seats this time....he is in for it now!!!!!
Reading the bad reviews for Zumanity made me want to right a great review.  I would gladly go see this show again, even though I know everything that will happen.  We went on our honeymoon and that show was a ridiculous amount of fun!  The performers are also extremely gracious.. . If you are offended by tits, dildos, huge packages, fake fabric penises, etc.--just don't go.  Of COURSE there was crude humor.  It was raunchy!  AND FUN!. . The costumes were great, the humor kept us laughing, and the acts were great!  Props to the fishbowl girls who didn't bust their faces open on the glass.  I was literally terrified that they would!  But Cirque du Soleil performers are amazeballs--end of story.. . Go.  It's not a waste of money.  If you don't believe me, buy from the half-price ticket booth set up near New York New York.
I think this is probably the best Burlesque type show you're going to see.  The acrobatics are phenomenal, it's very 'equal opportunity' and it is also very funny.  It's actually not really THAT raunchy in most of the skits, the comedy segments are far more raunchy than the stage acts which are more tasteful and choreographed.  I really like that they have people of all shapes and sizes in the show from super-plus size down to a little person who is a spectacular acrobat.  There's a bit for all sexual orientations as well - don't go if you're offended by anything homoerotic, although the majority of the show is hetero-based there are a few very good homoerotic segments as well.  . . My favorite segments from an erotic standpoint were the girls in the fishbowl and the hula hoop schoolgirl.  There were some real beefcakey men as well but for some reason I've always found male stripping more cheesy than erotic.  That said, some of the men were fabulous athletes.  The 'pole dancing' man made his gymnastic routine look so effortless, it was a joy to watch - same with the aforementioned little person.  . . I enjoyed the audience interaction and laughed a lot.  My honey, whose idea it was to see 'an erotic show in Vegas where he wouldn't stick to the seat', actually preferred the comedy to the eroticism overall though he too appreciated the acrobatics.. . There really isn't a bad seat in the house - actually, looking back I wish we'd booked two 'caberet seats' in the side balcony instead of regular stadium seats, as they'd have been roomier.  As with most of the shows, the seats aren't particularly comfortable for larger folks.. . My 5 stars is based on what it is - a humorous Burlesque show with great athletics.  I'm not comparing it to other Cirque shows though the athletic talent is probably comparable.  Of course this show is only for those who are not uptight or reserved about sexuality, as it makes no secret that it is a celebration of sexuality in all its varieties.
My husband and I laughed through the whole show.  The performers were walking all through the crowd and if you are shy I wouldn't sit in the front row.  I especially liked the fact that they had people of all shapes and sizes in the show from small to extra extra large and it was fun to watch.  Great costumes and performers, I enjoyed all parts of this show.  . . We both agree that the best parts of the show were the girls in the fishbowl and the school girl with the hula hoops.  . . If I had to have a complaint it would be the seats are not that comfortable, but I loved the show and would go again.
It's not your typical Cirque show, in fact if your looking for something like O or Ka stay away. If you've got an open mind, or a hot date though, in my personal opinion it's the best ticket in town.
Raunchy, hysterical, scandalous fun. . . Zumanity was significantly cheaper than O, which, not going to lie, was our main motivation for choosing it. Obviously, the earlier you buy your seats, the better they get, and for about $80, my friend and I were two rows from the front. . . The humorous storylines are totally grade school, so don't go in expecting high brow humor. The show opens with two plump performers with outrageous hair climbing all over the audience offering them strawberries, while a perverse Frenchman shamelessly hits on the front row. A few moments later, his boozy 50's era wife joins him, and they try to convince the blushing audience to join them for a romp in the sack. . . These comedic acts are peppered in with the classic Cirque du Soleil acts of super artistic, beautiful acts of aerials, acrobatics, dancing, and feats of impossible flexibility. There is quite a bit of toplessness, but if you are offended by such things, then don't go :). . There is also quite a bit of hilarious audience participation. A bashful mom from the midwest was paired with a bulging, tanned male from New Jersey while the Frenchman and his wife gave "dating" advice...which mostly involved awkwardly positioning the volunteers together and seeing how long it took them to burst out laughing. . . The musicians and emcee were top notch, talented acts, and you could really tell that the performers were giving their all. Despite non-stop, multiple shows throughout the week, the dancers worked up a sweat, the singers sang soulfully, and the actors were 100% in character. . . Two enthusiastic thumbs way up.
Awsome, the best show I've seen, it funny and sleazy,its an adult only show.  I don't think it matters what seat you get, every seat is a good seat.. Unless you sit close to the front where the bring strawberries out and feed the audience.. They also have audience partcipation, that is halerious.. If you get offended or don't like jokes and sexual shows this show you might not want to go see.. I want to go and see it again.
Flawless, comedic, erotic, stunning - NOT FOR KIDS - performance. I love Cirque du Soliel, this show is perfect for couples. Just fabulously gorgeous. Highly recommended.
Truly AMAZING and worth the wait!. . I've wanted to watch Zumanity for a few years but it was definitely worth the wait.  You will want to go with someone (like your significant other or a person your comfortable with) who you don't mind sitting next to while they talk about SEX related topics (even sounds).. . I definitely recommend you try to get seats located in the orchestra section to be a part of the show. The balcony seats are great if you want a view of everything going on. They like to select people from the audience to participate in their show. Extremely fun and entertaining. Also be willing to be caught in between the two french maids as they walk around passing our strawberries.. . I don't want to spoil the show with additional comments. So you're just going to have to watch it yourself. Be prepared to be in "heat" during and after the show.. . I would see it AGAIN!
I saw Zumanity three times over the past several years and I'll gladly go back to see it a fourth time! I love Vegas and I've seen several other Cirque du Soleil shows including O, Mystere, and Love, but there's something special about Zumanity. It has its raunchy side (e.g. The Botero sisters, Dick and Izzy clowns), which is fun for the light-hearted; it has its sensual side (e.g. "Straps" bondage and the Fishbowl), which is intriguing for the adventurous. Several acts pull audience members from the main floor seating that makes it fun and improvisational.. . I sat in three different areas over the years and my favorite is right in the front. My husband and I got pulled on stage two separate times in one night - he did an act with Izzy the clown and I did an act with Antonio "El 7". It was memorable and exciting, and they provide pictures for you to prove it! It also gives you an up-close view of the beauty and strength of the performers, especially seeing the aerial acts from the bottom up. . . Tickets are affordable but for a great deal, take your chances at the three Tix 4 Tonight locations on the Strip. My husband and I scored day-of front row tickets (next to the love seats) for $101 each (taxes and fees included). Take a loved one or a fun group for a fun and sexy night!
This show was sexy, fun and very risque! We had great front row seats at the side of the stage, but really the theater is small so there are no bad seats. Loved every minute of this show-Didn't want it to end! Great time. One of my favorites!
Just fun...show up 45 minutes early!!! It is hilarious! I had no clue what is was when I went....left laughing....great show...open minded adults only, as it gets into the other side of humanity!!!!
There are so many things to compliment about this show. I don't even know where to start, but I'll randomly pick the obvious. It will make you hot no matter what your preference. Haha! From hula hooping school girls to cage fighting muscle boys, Zumanity has got a little something for everyone. If that's not enough, try getting one of the love seats around the stage. You'll be a part of the show whether you like it or not. Let your inner exhibitionist shine!. . Zumanity is a great way to start your adventures in Las Vegas, celebrate a sexy special occasion, or explore the wild side of life through breathtaking physical art. Of all the Cirque du Soleil shows, this one is the perfect match for Sin City. . . Rock on Zumanity!
Funny and sexy and a little naughty.  A perfect show for Vegas.  Make sure you're comfortable with some nudity!
S.Heart and I enjoyed the show! I've never been to a Cirque show before, and this was a great way to kick off more to come. I don't know why other people complain that this show is bad or "tasteless". The description clearly states what kind of show this is. If you're into this kind of stuff, don't come! . . I was wow-ed by the acrobatic stuff and I enjoyed the short skits. Zumanity really is a fun activity when you're in vegas. I liked it!
On a whim and some strong yelp ratings, the wife and I decided to see Zumanity while in Vegas.  To say that it is a sensual experience is an understatement.  It is an amazing blend of sexuality, sensuality, humor and the physicality that Cirque is so well known for.  Unlike some of the other Cirque shows that seem to get lost in their thematic process, this show stayed very true to its mission of sensuality and the expression of our sexuality.  . . Some Cirque shows overwhelm you with the sheer magnitude of the staging (O and Ka come to mind), but not Zumanity.  The stars of the show are the performers and clowns and they do not disappoint.  If you are looking to set the right mood with that special someone in Vegas, here is where to start.
By far my favorite cirque show. I've seen it twice already and planning to again in oct! I drag all my friends out here so I can show them how much they've been missing out on! The jokes are hilarious and the acrobats are spectacular. I was in awe and tears from the beginning to end.
Hilarious, I would go again!
Saw this in 2009. It was my first Cirque show, and I was so impressed. Got great seats in advance. The venue itself was small and intimate, a lot smaller than I expected. I also did not expect there to be so much live audience participation, but you can't go if you're shy... often they pick the people that shelled out the most money to sit at the front to go on stage and engage in dry humping or some other embarrassing but entertaining act. It was like a comedy show + the awesome/half naked acrobatics. I loved it!! Haha. I don't want to give anything away, but it's definitely worth it.
I LOVED this show. My husband and I went to Vegas 2 years ago to get married and it was our first time. We went to a few shows but nothing compared to Zumanity. Before the actual show starts, some of the performers walk around and are interactive with the crowd. I got to be one of the lucky ones and it was just HILARIOUS! It's out of the ordinary and the performers are so talented. I was thoroughly entertained through the entire show and would even watch it again!
I decided to watch to show when it came out as it was said to be, "The Sensual side of Cirque" and it did live up to motto. I knew I was going to run into some sexual, raunchy and of course half naked bodies running around on stage and doing some erotic acrobatic moves but I'll leave that to your imagination. . . MMMmm..... . It was recommended that we book on the 2nd level of the theater because we'd have a better view then the front rows, plus it was less expensive so why not? The intro was unlike no other Cirque show I've seen. The host was a tall slender drag queen that would talk to the audience and ask intimidating questions about who are they with and some sexual questions that were provocative and humorous. All the dancers were talented and I enjoyed all the acts, throughout the show I've seen all types of body types on stage, full figure woman half naked, tall and small people and very attractive men and woman. I think it was suppose to evoke a sense of erotica sexual energy and being comfortable with the human body. I enjoyed every second of this show and still have some of the acts in my memory. . . This truly was a sensual experience!
I dont see how you could give less than five stars.  This show is amazing, the people are far more talented then any one of us that are rating them.  Taking out of consideration that they people are slightly nude, the show is amazing and the people are truly talented!  I do think that you have to be a little open minded before going to this show, but hey, we're all adults here!
Hilarious, sexy, sensual and awesome! Also, no seat is bad in this location. Sorta smallish so don't worry. However, if you sit in first four rows or so you might be conjoled into participating with the case. Don't worry it was all good fun and actually were some of the funniest parts of the show!
Wow, this was actually the second best Cirque show I have ever seen and I think I have seen all of them!  This show had good humor, interesting dancing and unusual sets.  The nudity was minimal and the show didnt drag on like most shows.
This show was AMAZING. Very glam and sexy. The stunts were phenomenal, they were extremely talented and kept my boyfriend and I entertained the whole time. They kept pulling people from their seats which is very cool!!!! Everything about this show was perfect. Im planing on seeing all Cirque du Soleil shows.
Fun and sensual! Definitely for the open minded. Great for couples!
Loved every moment of it! Wasn't even planning on a show but at the ticket discount venue we took advantage of their deal and I'm so glad we did. Arrived as informed, early since the discounted tickets are first come first serve. Got into the theater to walk into their preshow where the performers were mingling with the guests. So much fun just during that. Once seated inside we were pleased with our seats for being discounted and last minute they were decent.  Off to the side on the upper level. Show was awesome never once was I left unentertained. So much to take in, sure its very adult & risque, but its exciting and fun. Drinks are priced the same as all shows are, priced  very high but being tipsy does add to the experience! You leave feeling frisky & sexy lol.
There are a few things that I aspire to complete before I die. . . 1. Visit the Pyramids of Egypt.. 2. Get a graduate degree.. 3. Use the word "merkin" in a Yelp review.. . Looks like I can cross #3 off my list thanks to last night's viewing of Zumanity. Not too many merkins here, but the ones that they did use did prevent any full frontal. . . This is a show best enjoyed by understanding and appreciating the human form and what those human bodies can do (and what humans do with certain human body parts). If you don't want to look at naked women, hear sex sounds, or be embarrassed by potentially going onstage for audience participation (more on that later), I don't recommend this show.. . I can personally speak to the fact that they do not have plants in the audience for their audience participation. Yes, yours truly was selected to go onstage and perform with a man from Houston. The adrenaline rush was such that I barely remember it, but my friend and guest to the show Vanessa N. said that I didn't seem nervous at all. . . The show definitely pushes the envelope to "transgressive" but I wouldn't call it groundbreaking. Well maybe I would, considering it has a pretty wide market, potentially opening minds that wouldn't otherwise respect or appreciate outside-the-norm sexuality. . . To recap: don't go with your parents, on a first date, or expecting to see a nice little show about people falling in love. This show is about the thing that got us all here, s-e-x, and does a good job of translating it to the Cirque du Soleil stage.
It is called, "the sensual side of cirque" for a reason. It is!! If you're going to see this to see the topless women, go to a strip club. This is a very interesting, sensual side of cirque while still maintaining some of the sillyness from a few characters and the always wonderful acrobatic type events of all their shows. Sat first row balcony and wish we would have gotten one of the couple loveseats. Next time for sure.. If you're expecting strippers or traditional cirque, this is not for you. Great place to bring your wife/husband/sig other for a romantic evening.
I LOVED THIS SHOW!. . It's definitely not for the faint of heart. It's spicy,irreverent, sexy, entertaining. Everything in the theater, even down to the plush chairs, is like being in a cabaret. The host is fun, all of the performers are engaging. It's a perfect mix of sensuality and humor. The best advice is to bring someone you might want to get it on with later ;-). . It's the standard Cirque athleticism and breathtaking feats but with a sexy twist. I loved it and will definitely go back. Worth every penny for the ticket.
This is an AMAZING show.  I was on the edge of my seat and grinning from ear to ear for every minute.  We chose this show over other Adult shows after reading countless articles and blogs that said that it was the #1 adult show in Vegas.  Plus, it's Cirque du Soleil, adult done Cirque du Soleil is mighty tempting.  My boyfriend and I were not disappointed at all.. . The show synopsis says that there is something for everyone, and this is very true.  There was a segment for gays, for lesbians, heterosexuals, bondage, S&M, self-pleasure, and even something very vanilla.  WARNING:  So if you aren't open about sex and all of it's possibilities this is probably not the show for you.  There was contortionism, true-Cirque acrobatics, arial stunts, comedy, music, everything was extremely beautiful and tasteful.. . The theatre is very small and every seat in the house is very good.  We sat in the balcony and could still see everything perfectly.. . RECOMMENDATION: Get there early, there is a pre-show and it is very funny.  . . If you are in the first row or two be prepared to be talked to and maybe even invited on stage by performers.  I saw a cape touch a few people in front during the performance so if that makes you uncomfortable, sit a few rows back.. . I can not wait to see this again!
My husband surprised me with tickets while we were celebrating my birthday in Vegas over the summer.  He got them at a discount through "summer of Cirque" but I would definitely pay full price to see it again!. . We had great seats!  We were in the 2nd row, behind the couches, center left.  Honestly, there didn't seem to be a bad seat in the house.  I was so happy that we got there a little early because the pre-show was hilarious. . . We were on the edge of our seats the entire show.  It was VERY sensual but there was also a great mix of humor, live music, and acrobatics.  I highly recommend seeing this show with your significant other!
Hands down, the best show in Vegas. It is raunchy, sexy and fun, without a filter. Loved every minute of it. That goes for the pre show as well. The cast is phenomenal and very interactive with the audience. We got seats a few rows back from the front and once the show started, we were kicking ourselves for not having paid the extra $20-30 for front row tickets. Every performance kept our attention glued to the stage. If you plan on seeing one show in Vegas, make it this one. It is a must see. If you're paying for seats in the orchestra, you may as well pay the extra $'s to get the complete experience of this show.
This show was awesome!  I went with my husband and two friends and we all really enjoyed it.  We've been to other Cirque shows before so we knew what to expect, but this was way different.  The tickets came free with our trip and we were so glad we picked this show to see.  We would pay to go back and see it again.  The pre-show was really funny so be sure to get there early.  Best adult show we have seen so far!
So my Zumanity experience differs a bit from most other peoples. It started off with me downing 6 ounces of Absinthe and ended with me being brought up on stage at the end. So between all of that and how much the show entertained me, it's 5 stars all the way!. . I will say that if you're a bit reserved, then you probably won't enjoy the show that much. But a lot like Anthony Bourdain, I have No Reservations, so I was able to just be drunk and enjoy it 100%. I didn't really dig the few little "comedic" skits that were in between all the high-flying performances, but they didn't really take up very much time of the show so it was no biggie. The big performance pieces were up my alley for sure. Combined with the sexy women and lack of clothing, there wasn't much for me not to love.. . We sat three rows back on the center aisle. The performers do come out into the crowd, so if you're more of a watcher and not much of a doer, you may want to sit a little further back. I became part of a skit where one of the women decided to flee from the man which resulted in her sitting in my lap and eventually bringing me up on stage. I didn't think much would come of it, but the next thing you know I'm getting my shirt taken off and layed down on stage where three of the women did a striptease lapdance number on me. Granted it was a tad ackward because I was enjoying it fully on the inside but didn't want to...ummm...show it on the outside I guess you would say. Thankfully I succeeded and went home with a professional photo from my on-stage experience as well as a wormwood-induced hazzy memory of it all.. . Five stars all the way, and this is coming from someone that hasn't really enjoyed any of the other Cirque shows I've taken it.
This is a fun, sexy, romantic Cirque show - with many comic moments. For us,   The girls swimming in the champagne glass is most memorable.  Its a good show with a lot going on...... . We bought the lowest price tickets and went mid week.  It was a slow night so they upgraded us to excellent seats for free.. . Highly recommend for a cirque show especially if you are a romantic couple- straight or LGBT - the show has something for everyone wanting to be a tad naughty..... .
This had the same skill level as other Cique du Soleil shows with an edgier/adult side to it. My wife(23) and myself(26) decided to goto this show on a whim because it was out last night in Vegas. We both absolutely loved the show! . . As for the tickets, we went to vegas.com and scored lower orchestra tickets for the same price as upper balcony! And to save $15 on a $150 (2+ tickets) purchase we found a promo code on google.. . Check this show out, very entertaining!!!
A must see! Adults only. Best show I have seen in Vegas, to date.
Whew! That's my first impression when I walked out of the show. I recommend watching this with your significant other, especially if you're in a "what happens in vegas stays in vegas" mood. . It definitely heightened the sexual tension in the room and they did a good job making everything look sexy. . It was HOT HOT HOT!
I loved it! I did have many drinks before this show, so I was feeling great already... but it was different than any Cirque show I had seen previously, since it's adult only. The acrobatics were wonderful and, as in all Cirque shows, appeared effortless. Great performers. We were in the 2nd row and the performers definitely are topless. There are some funny adult jokes made, and overall it was very talent-filled and entertaining. A fun time for sure.
My girlfriend and I thought the show was awesome!  The show was funny, hot, and unbelievable all at the same time.  Each of the performers did a fantasitic job.  And they were all extremely attractive!  Men and women both will enjoy the sexy side of things.  The acts themselves were all really well done!  I can't think of one that I didn't enjoy.  I must say that I found myself forgetting that some of the girls were topless!  All of the performers are attractive!  . . The comedic relief was pretty good, too!  I laughed really hard!  They do pull guests on stage so if you don't want to be a part of the show, don't sit near an aisle or near the front row!  . . Drinks are pricy so pre-game as much as you can!. . Definitely a must if your in Sin City!!
I've been to many Cirque shows, and this one is just as amazing. However, it's better in some ways because of the focus. I love how it involves human sexuality and sensuality.  The music was so incredible, and the, acrobatics are phenominal. And the personalities are hilarious. I love the audience interaction from start to finish. Love, love, love! Great to see with your sweetie.
If you are a prude & don't like sex don't come here. . . Theater was very intimate & cosy.. . Our balcony seats gave us a great view of all of the acrobatic acts. . . I don't like to strain my neck by looking up all the time. This would be the issue if we were in the orchestra seats.. . The show over-exceeded my expectations & kept me entertained the whole way through. . . Tip: if you are a student, call into box office they'll give you 20% off discount on tickets.. . If you are not a student, Travelzoo also has deals going on for this show too. . . Show was great visual effect of dancing, singing, live music, sexual innuendos of sexiness.
Excellent show, very funny and sexual!!! Keep an open mind and if your seats are in front be ready to participate in the festivities. Overall, nothing degrading all fun, all good.
This show is definitely not for the faint of heart or people who don't like sex. . . The show is fantastic. As a Vegas resident I bought the package deal they had that included two tickets for $99 and since we went for Valentine's day they included two drinks. You must be 18 or older to see the show, but you won't regret it. We had third row orchestra seats and they were great to see every aspect of the show. . . The show is funny, sexy, and they have great audience interaction. The guy I sat next to was chosen to come up on stage near the end and it was just hilarious. His girlfriend laughed a lot while he was on stage and the audience was exceptional for this showing. . . I would highly recommend seeing this show if you are able to as it is fun and just a really good time!
My Zumanity review is loooong overdue, but it still stands in my memory as one of the most entertaining shows I've ever seen.. The intimate lobby and theater entrance sets the mood for what's to come. Actors in scandalous costumes greet you kind of like the sirens do in O Brother Where art Thou. Unlike big amphitheaters, you can see everything easily and comfortably from basically anywhere. Our seats were "far" away, but it still felt close.. The show feels old timey in that there's a host(ess) who narrates the whole show in a cabaret style. It even feels a bit vaudeville. However, the acts are not old timey at all, and they even have male/male and female/female acts.. The waterbowl is gorgeous, and the most cirque-esque. The acrobatics are amazing. The rest of the show is not nearly as crazy as other cirque shows, when it comes to acrobatics. . But the music is beautiful. I have bought a couple songs and listen to them all the time. It's sexy and perfectly enhances the show. . The audience interaction is surprisingly hilarious. If you're called on stage, be prepared to be embarrassed. . Vegas sells sex, or at least, it tries to. But zumanity IS sex. It's not blow-your-mind freaky. But it is very sensual. If you come to this show with your partner, and do not want to get busy right away, your senses are dulled and you might want to try medication. Zumanity sets a frisky, yet sensual mood. It's hot for a straight or gay man, a lesbian or a straight woman....it's hot for all.
Fun! Fun Fun! Lots of talented performers. The comedy and side-routines were extremely entertaining. Laughing so hard that you have tears one moment then utterly amazed the next. Awesome show!
What a great, erotic show for all! And very funny entertainment before and after the main show.
THIS SHOW IS SO CRUDE!. . But I love it! OhmyGod I can still remember most of the amazing acts. Shoot I can't even remember an act from KA! That's how good Zumanity was!. . TIPS SO PAY ATTENTION. . -While I do think some of the audience members they pull up are actors, I don't think all of them are. So if you are seated in the front, make sure to look cute because chances are you might be pulled up onto that stage.. . -Also we were seated in orchestra but the theater is so intimate that I really think seats farther back or even balcony seats have a good view.. . -This show can make you a little uncomfortable. I really felt like I had to cross my legs sometimes lol! And I definitely noticed a couple of guys around me shifting themselves around.. . -This show shuts people up! Not a peep out of the drunk group of guys next to me that were annoying me before the show started.. . -THE SEATS ARE TINY! If you have a fat ass like I do, your booty will touch the booty next to you. You've been warned.. . -Please don't go with your parents to this show. It's awkward enough as it is already.. . Also heyy to the poofy latina twins. Nice to see some thick girls on that stage! Also the hostess Miss. Edee was fabulous and her observations were so funny and on point!. . I was either laughing or staring in shock. Noin betweens and I loved every minute of it! This show is full of surprises and I would definitely watch it again in a heartbeat.
SERIOUSLY YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS SHOW! Okay, you don't HAVE to, and you really honestly shouldn't unless you are extremely open-minded and COMFORTABLE with human sexuality! This show is absoluetly hilarious and I was in tears from laughing so hard. I was astonished by the beautiful yet mind-bending difficulty within the circus acts. I won't say TOO much about these acts, because you should really go pay to see it yourself! This show is perfect for couples who like I said earlier, are comfortable with sex and open-minded! Watch out because the first 10 front rows are the prime spots for being pulled on stage and messed with ;)!
This is one of my favorite Cirque shows. Although, I would not recommend going with a family member or someone you may feel uncomfortable with sexual comments/acts. If you are looking for a good family show, try the Beatles Love. . . They have great Local discounts (2 tickets for $99) and additional discounts for Vets and Students. . . I would completely see this show again! If you liked this one, try the new show at Ceasers Abstinthe. It has a similar humor and is also a ton of fun!!
Entertaining from very beginning to the very end. I didn't want it to end. Lots of interaction with the audience. The closer you are to the stage, the more interactive it is for you.  Get there early for the pre-show.  Very funny and the talent is phenomenal!  This show will take you on an exotic erotic journey with its creative imagination and costumes. Very Cirque! Will recommend to everyone I know that is visiting Vegas.
A perfect date night, or for a fun evening with friends. The acts are a good mix of laugh out loud funny and absolutely sensual. It's different from other Cirque performances, but if you're thinking about going, you probably already know that it's going to focus more on sex and less on world class acrobatics. . . But if you want something sensual, Zumanity definitely cannot be beat. They don't allow anyone under 18, but if you're in Vegas with your parents or relatives, this might be a show you don't want them to come along to. . . I recommend sitting in the balcony if you're shy--the closer to the stage you are, the more likely it is the performers will interact with you, particularly during the more slapstick routines. The theater is on the small side, so you'll still have a great view.
This show had me laughing the entire time. I came here on my Anniversary and I thought the show hit all the right points. They really interact with the audience and that's the best part. I agree with some others about the aerial stunts and things like that do kind of lack, but I think that's the sacrifice they make to bring the audience into the show. I went with an open mind and had a blast. If you are a conservative person then this show will probably test your comfort zone, but in all reality just go and have an open mind and be willing to experience all that is Zumanity. You wont regret it.
This show is so much fun; the perfect combination of sex and stunts. People who complain about there not being enough big stunts can go to Ka- this show isn't about stunts and ooohs and awwws. It's about making people laugh at adult themes while listening to a live band and seeing a few cool performances. If you don't like this show, you won't like Micheal Jackson either.. . I loved this show and the tasteful way they make you look at the human body and what it can do. It's amazing to see, and the performers actually bring people on stage in a giant bed! My friend's girlfriend was picked to go up, and I nearly peed my pants laughing. . . This isn't a show for people who can't handle looking at a semi nude human, nor for those who had ADD and get bored if fire isn't going off somewhere. This is more for people who appreciate art and a good laugh.
Zumanity was soooo much fun!   Great acts and great humor!   The caste had me laughing the entire time!  This is not your typical cirque show but a must see for cirque fans!!!
Me and my bf LOVED Zumanity.  We actually liked it more than O.   We wanted to do things other than gamble in Vegas, so we decided to watch another show.  We used a 2 for $99 deal which came up to appoximately $130 for 2 tickets (taxes and service fees) for center balcony seats.  . . The venue is really small and intimate so any seat in the house is pretty good.  Of course, I'd recommend anything in the middle if you're going to sit in the balcony but any of the floor seats would be great as well.  . . The show is really engaging, its funny, sexy, and very entertaining!  I really enjoyed the show but I think my bf loved it more than me!  But of course he would, topless showgirls doing acrobatics. There were also little acts for the ladies, Ooh-la-la. I think I really liked the show because of the interaction and funny jokes.  It really was a playful show.  I wouldn't really recommend watching this with your family but it is a good show to watch with friends or your significant other.  I really give them props on a well put together show.
Tits
BEST Vegas show I've seen so far!!! I LOVED this show!  Funny, sexy, entertaining, amazing acrobatics. . . What I like about this show is that they talk and interact with the audience, which is very different from all the other cirque du soleil. I've seen Le Reve (4/5) and KA (3/5), and I enjoyed this show the best because it was so dynamic. Le Reve was beautiful, KA had a good story, Zumanity was just so funny, a lot of fun, PLUS had amazing acrobatics! Cheaper than the other ones too! My ticket was originally 90 something, paid $82 with tax and fees included through the tix4tonight booth. . . But this show is all sex, and you see lots of boobies and maybe even penis', so leave your kids at home!! And enjoy the show ;)
I loved it! The performers were all so great, especially the host!  So much fun!  Very comical, done with class. Really enjoyable!  The singers voices are amazing! This is a must see!
I absolutely love this show, it's my favorite of the Circ show.  Got the tickets for cheep and didn't expect to really like it since an "adult show" isn't really our thing but it's actually really good.  More sensual then sexual though there is nudity.  This show is a combination of hardcore acrobatics, interesting routines and humor.  The drag queen who MC's the event is actually the best part.  The clowns are hilarious and the costumes are amazing.  . . Ladies, don't be afraid to go to this show, you won't be uncomfortable.  Men if you are just looking for hardcore sex and T&A this might not be your show but if you are looking for an "adult show" that you can both enjoy I would totally recommend this one.
Second time seeing this show. This time, we were seated center, third row. These seats were completely worth the extra price. Had a great time, the show was excellent.
Awesome seats!. . Mood lighting!. . Laughs!. . Sex!. . Nakedness!. . Penises!. . Boobs!. . Guy on girl!. . Girl on guy!. . Girl on girl!. . Guy on guy!. . (Hey it's ALL love). . Pole tricks!. . Zumanity is NOT for the prudes, the homophobs, the small minded, and whoever else that just cant have fun!  I'm so glad Zumanity is what kicked off my Cirque Du Soleil experience!. . ***I would like to say Rest in Peace to Sarah Guillot-Guayrd who was a performer in the KA version of Cirque Du Soleil.  She actually fell to her death while performing during the same time I was at Zumanity.  Just so sad and tragic....***
As other reviewers have noted, if you are easily offended, then Zumanity is not the show for you.  However, if you want to revel in the lavish and naughty dream world that is Las Vegas, you will love it.  . . Although it is a Cirque du Soleil show, it does not include jaw dropping stunts like O or Ka.   It does feature some of the best dancing I have ever seen.  Also, there are no creepy Cirque clowns. Instead, the two comedians/dancers that appear on stage in between acts kept the audience laughing with some very raunchy material.  . . Best of all, there are lots of great deals on ticket prices(2 for $99 for balcony seats at with seats on the couches topping out at around $150.)  Bold souls who dare to sit in the sofa seats have a good chance at becoming part of the show.
Wow what can I say? This show was great. I have seen two other Cirque shows in which I liked and this one brings more of an adult sensual appeal. The decor was great, the costumes of some were amazing, the acts were amazing and such stories they told were great. Lots of adult humor which made you laugh. Audience participation as well. One suggestion try to sit on the ground floor and not in the balcony. They have a lot of interaction on the ground floor audience and in the balcony it didn't look like you can see well for that. They have two shows a night and dark wed & thurs. Loved it and will come see it again
I attended thus show with my husband who was in Las Vegas on business. The show was AWESOME!!! We both loved it! It was erotic and entertaining; some parts were comedic. I would see it again. The nudity didn't bother us at all. It was very sensual and seductive. Don't go if you are uncomfortable with this type of stuff.
As long as you aren't some easily offended, stuck-up, judgmental person there is absolutely no reason you should not be going to see this show.  It's a great performance not only for the acrobatics, but for the comedy, singing and audience interaction.  They are intentionally trying to get you to the edge of uncomfortable and to me, that was the point.  GREAT show!
I have seen just about all of the Cirq shows, and I really think this is my favorite, even tops "O" in my books.  It is just so much fun and entertaining... the kind of fun you WANT to have in Vegas... no dark story line, no drama... just some nice, classy, but at the same time raunchy humor.  This was our second time seeing the show, sitting in different seats, and I dont know how, but my husband was picked to be the meat of the Twin Sandwich both times!  After you see this show,  you will understand what this means!  If you are a prude, dont bother going... go be boring at KA!
Cirque du soleil is an amazing event anywhere and this. One is another one with full sexuality and nudity. message . Is it worth of going to Vegas and not. going to shows!
Upgraded to second row. Best show I've ever seen. Very tastefully done. Highly entertaining. I can't imagine how anyone would be offended by any of this knowing it was a burlesque show?! One tip- If you are going to see absinthe I would recommend seeing it first and thenseeing zumanity bc it was quite boring (absinthe) in comparison. Zumanity is just in a class of it's own.. .  Get there early, buy the big drinks, and then be in your seat by 7:15!!!! That's when the show REALLy starts IMO. Sit as close as possible or dont be shy to ask the ushers if you can move up to any unpurchased tickets. The show is JUST PHENOMENAL upclose.
Amazing show! We  were in the fourth row from the front and the interaction was high. Before they chatted with everyone and during kept bringing up audience members. .  The show itself was very stunning and kept your attention the whole time. . Plus lots of boobs!! If you are in the area see this show!
When I booked our room at Mandalay Bay, it came with a deal for two complimentary tickets to a list of shows. We decided to see Zumanity since neither my cousin or I had seen a Cirque du Soleil show and we were so so so excited!. . Zumanity is located inside New York New York towards the back of the casino. The theater itself was comfortable, intimate, and all the plush, red colors gave off a very sexy vibe. We sat in the balcony (row EE) and we could see everything! Pretty good for free tickets ;). . The show itself is more on the burlesque side and not only features acrobats and dancers, but also some fun crude humor. The show is very sensual, sexy, and fun. The live band was awesome! It's definitely not for anyone who is prude or easily offended and not appropriate for kids. In fact, they advertise their show as 21+. Some of my favorite acts were the acrobats and tissue dancers! So beautiful! However, the highlight of the show was the middle-aged lady who pretty much mounted one of the dancers and made out with his body...hilarious! . . I honestly wasn't sure what to expect out of Zumanity but I must say I was pleasantly surprised! It was so much fun and definitely a highlight of our Vegas trip. Keep an open mind and don't hesitate to see this show ;)
Zumanity (New York, New York). Las Vegas Strip, NV. 7:30p Tuesday 6th August 2013. Five Stars. . I have been to at least 10 Cirque Shows and this was one was by far the best.  First of all, it is for adult onlymeaning no screaming kids and no G-Rating.  You should "come" a little early because the Pre-show is great.  The comedic pair of Izzy and Dick was an absolute laugh riot.  First, they gave out drinks to the VIP Couch Seats.  The crowd interaction was great because it created an environment of harmless sexual fun.  There was a fight with adult toys, fruit eating, and other hijinks.   There is Exposed T&A for both genders.  The Lovely Host Edie made everyone feel loved and accepted.  There is less acrobatics but there are still plenty of things to ooh and aah over.   It is just FUN and NONSENSE at this Human Zoo.
Get redemption from your players card for discounts!!. . Prior to seeing the "Sensual Side of Cirque du Soleil," so they define it, I heard plenty of complaints that this show was too raunchy,  and displayed only homosexual lovers and strange fetishes, but our experience was entirely different.  I heard through the grapevine the show was changed; however, It's still a sensual show that might offend someone who is conservative and private.  . . I am a flaming Christian who isn't afraid of her sensual side or flaming homosexual innuendoes.  . . I thought the show was fantastic filled with arousing art and human body muscular discipline.  . . Many people have many different personalities; therefore, if you are somewhat sensitive to see the Freudian sensual side of a Cirque Du Sole show... Than this won't be the show for you. . . Everyone in the middle or on the other side of the spectrum; you're gonna love this show and you, and your spouse, will enjoy the "after party."
Bought the tickets on the fly based on yelp reviews and was not disappointed!!! Was such a funny, sexy show... Worth the money and time without a doubt!!! Would recommend to any adult couple or group.
if you don't want to be picked on, don't get the rockstar love seats near the front!  . . but it was so much fun!  our group of gals wanted to check out a cheeky show and picked zumanity.  i thought it would be ka or o like but no...it was very interactive, playful, and humorous.. . there was only one scene where the male performers seemed checked out but otherwise, there were some incredibly sexy and sensual scenes.  . . awesome = we also had a great crowd that brought in lots of laughs.. . they have piccies they take pre-show that you can buy for yourself at $44 for one or $40 for 2 or more in a zumanity frame.  we loved ours with the feathered boas so we had to spurge.  it's vegas after all.. . tip: on a budget? do the free photo booth near will call and get it emailed to yourself.  it's on a timer so you can step back and strike a pose.
The sexy side of Cirque!!  This show is great!  Much more intimate the your typical Cirque show.  . . Lots of audience interaction and humor to go along with the action.   The theater is small so you feel like you are really part of the show.. . No need to at full price...You can pretty much find discounts for the and the other Cirque shows in Vegas.. . This show is for. adults only!!
Sexy fun and little raunchy but we were very entertained and it was a very memorable show, we have seen many of the Cirque shows and this was a sexy surprise for sure!. . Get there a little early and enjoy the warm up act... well worth the time and money IMO!
This show was so entertaining! Not recommended for younger than 18. Definitely not PG-13!
Too fun!! Hope to be picked!!! The mix between performing arts and sensuality is perfect! Before I knew it, the 90 minutes had passed. I recommend going a bit earlier to really enjoy the full show. Some of the cast is out and about. Perfect for all sexes and orientations!
Absolutely incredible! All the seats are very intimate, glad I didn't sit on the front row to be picked on though! . Very sexy and mesmerising. Wish I had been with my boyfriend and not my female friend to watch it! Highly recommend.
.What a wonderful show. IF you are not opened minded I would not recommend this show. There is Nudity there is Gay activity and there is Toy activity and audience participation. You have to be willing to laugh and open your mind for this show. The cast is simply amazing. The dancing the preshow right down to the curtain call so worth the money. I cant say enough about this one. I would love to see it again. Also the red plush wall when you are walking into the theater there are little button holes that you can look into and see a peep show. Vintage porn of sorts
Great performance! One of a kind show! It was a bit pricey but it was worth it! (3/6/12)
Favorite Cirque of all 7. And it's the cheapest one. Amazing cast who performs every time. The host character is the best lol.
Very amazing show! They make you look at sex in funny and artistic views. It was so much fun! Something couples can enjoy :)
Zumanity is by far the best Cirque de Soleilshow I have seen. . . My girl friend and I went to the 10 PM show on 10-8-13.  Once we got inside the lobby we picked up a drink at the bar called "The BIG Jimmy" and for 24 bucks this drink lasted the whole show.. . Zumanity was packed with SeXy people (guys and girls), AwEsOmE stunts, and plenty of crowd interaction.. . We went in with a open mind and has a blast!  But, If you get offended easily... this show is NOT FOR YOU.  . . NOTE: Get in early for the pre-show.  Doors open half an hour before the actual show starts.
Zumanity was my first cirque du soleil show and wow what a show! . Yes, the show is about sex. Yes , there will be nudity. But everything is done so tastefully. The program was about an hour and half long with no intermission. Each scene was organized so that there was a good balance of funny and sensual. . Be prepared to participate because that's what makes the show so entertaining. The cast members were all so talented and my friends and I had an amazing time.
Haven't had time to review until now but this show is awesome.... my favorite act was TWO GIRLS AND A CUP.... totally changed that tagged line for me,  lol.... like many yelpers said before this show has everything so you're allergic to any kind sexual acts is not for you.... It was fun and funny throughout and the audience participation added to the fun.... I had the front row balcony seats but definitely gonna try to get the front row Love seats next time.... I for one want to be picked to participate on stage,  best way to enjoy the show is to be part of it I say.... all in all I loved it and recommend it.....
This was my second Cirque show.  The first I saw was MJ One.  Zumanity was risque and sensual...and funny.  The theater was great. You could see from anywhere.  I won a free companion ticket off of My Vegas and took my boyfriend with me - 2 tickets for 50$ and I felt like the balcony seats were great. I could see perfectly.  I would see this show again!
Loved! Loved! Loved!  Good mix of humor, sexuality and fun!  Not for the faint of heart though, be prepared for suggestive and foul language and nudity!
Yahoo, Yippee and Kiyaaa. Great job dancing,  singing and flying.  Another Top Circe De Solie show. Not offensive at all,  we sat in the bleachers up to roof and without binoculars in hand no nipples to shock and frighten. Great show so go!
