Can't wait.  I will be back.
Great service, even better food. Had the lamb with a side of bone marrow and mushroom tart. Fantastic!. . Also tried the ribeye (24oz) and mac & cheese
The Las Vegas skyline is populated withmega-structures designed to dazzle the eye.  The Paris Resort is no exception.  To enter, you drive under a fifty foot Arc de Triomphe.  The valets are dressed in stereotypical Parisian stripes, and you must cross under the humongous foot of La Tour Eiffel inside the casino to get to Gordon Ramsay Steak.. . In keeping with the subtle details of Las Vegas design, you must pass through the Chunnel designed to transport guests from Paris to the United Kingdom.  This metaphorical journey is subtle but the massive fifty foot Union Jack on the ceiling is anything but.  There can be no doubt that you have arrived at Ramsay's place.  The hustle and bustle of smoothly functioning kitchen and wait staff permeates the room while guests seems quietly in awe of the house built by America's hottest TV chef.. . The booths in the upstairs balcony provide a sense of privacy, but the myriad of servers quickly keep you from feeling neglected.  A server's assistant places an interactive iPad on the table and teaches us how to navigate through the digital menu.  There is also, some interesting background data on Chef Gordon.  Our waiter, Yaron, was explaining the menu and its multitude of options, when he drops the ultimate bomb on our table; "we also have an exclusive chef's tasting menu for a limited time".  Done, we are now treated to five courses of culinary bliss complete with wine pairings and dessert.. . There were moments when you could see Chef Gordon's classical training, there were moments when you could see the quasi-arrogant TV personality showing off and there were times when you felt like the Scot from Stratford England was just a bloke looking to feed his mates from down the pub.. . Chef's mastery of the preparation of beets with pumpernickel soil was a lesson in culinary flavor and texture teamwork.  The world famous Wellington beef was prepared to perfection; of course.  However, when we read that fish and chips were next on our pairing meal we couldn't quite wrap our minds around it.  I made the snide comment "it better come with a pint" while quietly trying to figure out what wine would accompany fish and chips.  When the aesthetically appealing plates hit the table the sommelier was right around the corner with glasses and a bottle of Fin du Monde Ale.  Chef Ramsay was dazzling our minds and our mouths while remaining true to his roots.  . . This chef's menu was not cheap, coming in at $170 per person (with wine pairings).  However, if having a culinary experience with a mastermind as your guide isn't enough to give you the celebrity experience, you also get an autographed photo of the TV star himself.. . The experience is one that you should not miss out on during your trip to Vegas.  As for locals like myself, we now have a new restaurant to call home for every visitor that comes to Vegas.
We made reservations for 2 for the May 11th opening at 5pm. We ordered his famous Beef Wellington, Bone-in Ribeye, Mac n Cheese, Asparagus for the entree. Desert was Cheesecake and I can't think of the other one for the life of me but it was ice cream in a shape of a butter stick. I ended with coffee.. . So it started off walking into the restaurant in a red tunnel, sort of like walking into Tao at the Venetian. The tunnel led to the bar area then out to the restaurant. The restaurant reminded me of his show Hells Kitchen. It had a staircase on the right that curved up to the top to an elevator. Reminded me of his finale episodes of his show when the winner would be at the top of the staircase in an elevator or a frosted door. The top dome of the restaurant had red squiggly neon art just hovering in mid air held up by cable or thin steel rods. If you're wondering what that is... it's Chef Ramsays knife trails when he's making his Wellington. Just imagine the tip of his knife with a red LED light and the camera recorded in total darkness at a slow speed to track the light ONLY. These red squiggles are on random items in his restaurant, ie; menu, glass, etc. Before we ordered, we were presented with a steel cart on wheels of different kinds of beef steaks. Kobe, Porterhouse, Ribeye, etc. This cart is what made up my mind on what to order. Bone-in ribeye was a must! The cart was sort of clumsy to some servers because there was a border between the carpet line and the kitchen floor line. The change in flooring is what made the cart shake or bump and steer in a different direction. I knew one day a piece of steak would fall off that thing and sure enough someone made that happen. A huge steel cart clash sound happened and the manager asked the server what happen and he said it's the floors border that bumbed the cart too much. The wheels needed to be bigger and possibly made like a tire on a bike to absorb the jolt off the floor change. I'm sure this will change. Ok, back to food.... . I'm not going to go into too much detail on the food because as you can imagine how particular he is on the show, his food has to be awesome and yes it was indeed! Definitely try the Wellington off someones plate if you're not ordering it. The sides come as family style and not on your steaks dish so order plenty for the table but the one side you need to get is the Mac n Cheese. This ain't no Kraft 7 minute microwave crap. Dessert was excellent and presented in a way you wouldn't expect. Butter stick shaped ice cream and a disassembled cheesecake are a couple things that were really cool to see and obviously eat.. . Servers were well educated on all dishes and you could tell were handpicked to perfection. Apparently each server is teamed up with a right hand man that backed him up. When they brought out the food, they set all plates down at the same time. What I mean by that is that if a table has 4 people, they will have 4 servers around the table and set the plates down. The part that they need to work on was the way they time it. They were standing around the table next to us whispering to each other on who and when will be leading the team to set the plates down. It was obvious and they need to be more descrete about it. Again, this was grand opening night so it was to be expected and should improve as they get use to this. Otherwise the service was fantastic!. . Our table location was perfect. We sat against the staircase which we were able to observer the restaurant, kitchen and bar. There were these booth seatings that were shaped like wavey lines. The booth that faced the kitchen seemed private and nice for couples but you can't observe the rest of the restaurant since you're confined to one viewing which is the kitchen. I don't think there is bad seating anywhere other than the ones that face just the kitchen. There's also tables upstairs that overlook the 1st floor. An elevator for food service on the far end left of the restaurant. Nice layout of the restaurant.. . The end of the night it was worth every penny. This would not be a frequent dinning budget for me but for what we spent in the experience, it was well worth it and I can now say I've had Chef Ramsay's Beef Wellington.
I had to add a star for getting to meet Gordon Ramsay. He was genuinely a nice guy. Had some drinks and split a burger at the bar, it was a fantastic burger. Tender and flavorful. The bar staff is as friendly as the rest of the staff that we have encountered.
Gordon Ramsay Steak is located in the middle of the restaurant; when you walk in from the main doors/valet, walk towards the bridge and you will see bright red letters.. . We made reservations for 2 at 6:30pm on Friday, May 11th, which was opening night.. . After walking through the red tunnel and past the wine case, you can't be seated at a bad seat in the house.  It's not a huge restaurant, as it holds about 200 people, but it's comfortable.. . The waiter comes out with an iPad with all of the drinks and wine list.. . We ordered:. *Strawberry Martini. Bombay Sapphire, Strawberries and (something else).. - Probably the smoothest martini I have ever had!  I will be ordering all of my martini's with Bombay from now on.. *Pimm's Cup. Pimm's with lots of fruit.. - Very yummy and smooth.. . We knew right away what we wanted for our main course & dessert, after watching Gordon Ramsay for years, but we weren't sure what we wanted as an appetizer or side dish.  We asked our waiter, Freddie (who was EXCELLENT!!) and he recommended the Foie Gras.. . Appetizer:. *Foie Gras. Strawberry jam, homemade biscuits, bacon bits and foie gras.. - This was actually my first time having Foie Gras and OMG!  It was DELICIOUS with all of the flavors combined.  Amazing!. . Before we placed our order for the main course, Freddie came out with a meat cart with all of the cuts of meat so we could see and make the best choice!. . Main Course:. *Beef Wellington for 2. Beef in puff pastry with potato puree, carrots and potatoes.. - Cooked Medium/Rare and had great flavor!! . . Side Dish:. *Fingerling Potatoes w/ Parmesan and Truffles. - Um, no other description needed.  Sides are enough to share and are holy cow delicious!  The potatoes were seasoned to perfection.  I would order over and over again!. . Dessert:. *Sticky Toffee Pudding w/ Brown Butter Ice Cream. -I FUCKING DIED AND WENT TO HEAVEN!!!!!!!. It's not pudding like we think, its a warm date cake/bread with warm brown sugar glaze poured over the top with some brown butter ice cream (cut in the shape of a stick of butter).. I'm not kidding- this was the best part of the dinner and I wanted like two more orders!  SO FREAKING GOOD!!!. . By the end of the night, $225 for the total bill and we were out in about 1.5 hours.  I was worried that they might rush us on opening night, but not at all!  The service was perfection as we never wanted for anything.. . I can't wait to go back and get that sticky toffee pudding!
There is much debate over the best steakhouse in Vegas, but there won't be anymore! This is hands down the best steakhouse I have ever had the pleasure of dining at. The inside is sleek and beautiful. We were lucky enough to score a table opening weekend and a fantastic table by the kitchen at that! When we arrived Gordon was standing in the kitchen right behind me! He was on his way out the door but graciously posed for a few pictures before he left, unfortunately I wasn't one of the lucky patrons who scored a picture but that is totally my fault. . . I dined with my husband and a friend and we went all out. I started with the roasted beets, which was beautifully plated and so delicious. I was intrigued by the "pumpernickel" soil, which thankfully was some grated pumpernickel bread. Everything worked perfectly together. . . We tried 3 entrees and literally just passed the plates around the table. I ordered the duo of lamb which included the most perfect lamb chops I have ever tasted and a Shepard's pie. The Shepard's pie was only ground lamb and mashed potatoes, no peas, carrots etc. I really wished it included more vegetables because it was just too savory without them. My husband dined on the Kobe rib cap and it was such a stunning piece of meat. You think you have tasted steak, but until you sink your teeth into this steak you haven't! I don't like my meat bloody, but now I get the whole red meat thing. This wasn't bloody, but delicate and tender. My friend had the beef wellington and it's a signature dish for a reason! It was stunning and cooked perfectly. My lamb and my friend's wellington both included peas, carrots, and pureed potatoes. Despite this, we each decided to order a side, which was a mistake because the portions here are actually good sized for the price. I enjoyed the mac and cheese and was especially pleased to find peas mixed in, what an awesome surprise. The spring succotash was refreshing but the pork belly definitely put it over top. I wasn't super pleased with the asparagus, I think it lacked a bit in the flavor department. My husband also got a lobster tail with his steak which was of course delicious. . . We decided that despite the fact that we were busting at the seams, we really must try a dessert. That was a fantastic decision! We got the cheesecake and didn't regret it for a moment. It was so creamy and delicious, and topped with a strawberry granita which really worked well. The plate was streaked with graham cracker crumbs and blueberries. My only regret was not ordering my own. . . Overall, this was a fantastic meal and we expected nothing less. Service was absolutely impeccable, again just as we expected. We will absolutely be back and I look forward to trying more of the menu. There is a reason Gordon Ramsay is so famous, it's not his attitude people, it's his food!
WOW....... . All I have to say is this is probably the best steakhouse I've been to so far. I am a huge ribeye & porterhouse fan but everyone said Gordon Ramsey is known for the beef wellington so I decided to give it a shot even though I'm not a huge fan of mushrooms or mustard on my steak.. . The wait staff was very attentive and friendly. They came out with a variety of breads that was pretty decent and different from the standard hot rolls or pretzel breads they serve to you now. My wife ordered his signature chicken and we shared a side of Mac & cheese. . . When the wellington came out it was cooked perfectly med-rare and the first bite was FANTASTIC. With all the flavor you wouldn't have known you were eating a filet. My wife who isn't a fan of steak or red meat loved it as well. The Mac and cheese was pretty good and her chicken dish was very moist, flavorful and juicy. . . For dessert they are known for their sticky toffee pudding, which happens to be her favorite as well and she thought this was the best thing ever. I wasn't a huge fan of it and think the Monkey Bread served at Craftsteak is hands down the best dessert in a steakhouse. . . Prior to coming here SW was #1 on my list in vegas but this is definitely better and we will be back next week.
When reviewing any eatery of any sort, it is always important to manage expectations. For instance, you might've walked into a random dive that looked horrible and disgusting but ended up giving you above average food, which in turn might translate to 4 or even 5 stars. However, if a hyped-up steakhouse bearing the name of one of the most renowned chefs in the world were to give you anything but the finest cut of meat you've ever had, it's easy to immediately downgrade the count to 3 stars and furiously copy and paste the word "overrated" a couple hundred times. So when a restaurant like Gordon Ramsay Steak receives a 5 star rating, you can be assured that this place is definitely no joke.. . I usually start with food but the entire experience was so well thought out that I'll just start from the moment we entered the restaurant. We had a reservation for 5 at 7pm and they promptly took us to our table when we arrived. The young lady who guided us even gave us a quick little tour/explanation of the restaurant, detailing the designs and the thought behind the ambiance. A nice little touch that was duly noted.. . Our waiter immediately brought out an ipad menu that showed different alcoholic beverages they were serving and gave us a chance to look it over before taking our orders. I decided on a Southside which is their take on a mojito. It tasted absolutely refreshing and had a little more kick of mint flavor than other mojitos I've had but all in all, a solid drink. . . Next we were served three types of bread. One was some type of lemon focaccia, another was some sort of prosciutto roll, and the other I didn't try (sorry about the descriptions but I hadn't eaten all day in anticipation so my mind was pretty blurred by hunger). The roll was hands down the best one. It kind of looks like a cinammon roll and the prosciutto flavor came out really well; it almost had the flavoring of a chinese pork bun, but obviously a little more sophisticated and tastier. . . And to the main course we go. I really wanted to try both the beef wellington and the rib-eye so I ended up splitting with someone I was with. The beef wellington is his signature dish and it was absolutely perfect. The meat was sooo tender (all of them are cooked to medium-rare) and the puff pastry crust with the mushroom puree complimented the meat perfectly. I think there was also a hint of mustard somewhere in there but it wasn't strong at all and added a nice dimension to the steak. The rib-eye was also outstanding. Granted, I liked the wellington a lot so there is probably a marked mellowness in my enthusiasm for the rib-eye but I guess when you're eating two different steaks, one of them will stand out and inevitably cause the other one to take a backseat. However, to be fair, the rib-eye was riding shotgun and had one hand on the wheel. It was also cooked to a perfect medium rare and noticeably didn't have huge globs of fat hanging off the sides; the fat was well distributed throughout the meat so that it wasn't overbearing but still added that delicious lardy flavor we all crave in a good cut of steak :) This isn't a must but I saw bone-marrow on the menu and decided that I had to give it a try and let me tell you, it made the steak taste that much better. The bone marrow is pretty much just fat that you scoop out small portions and eat them with your steak. If it's in your budget, definitely give it a shot because it is well worth it.. . At this point, your stomach is probably sending mad signals to your brain telling you to stop eating, that dessert is out of the question. This is the time when you must concentrate, dig deep, and order the sticky toffee pudding. There is really no description better suited for this dessert than an orgasm in your mouth. It comes with a toffee sauce they pour onto the pudding which just melts in your mouth and a side of butter ice cream (it literally looks like a stick of butter). You will not regret this.. . I must say that this is quite the premier steakhouse. Granted, we did run into a couple slips ups. Our waiter, for one, would disappear for prolonged periods of time and if it weren't for the sheer number of waiters passing our table, I probably would've docked at least half a star. Also, make sure to specify that you want tap water. Our waiter gave us this glass jar of water and charged us for it, even though we had simply asked for 5 glasses of water. I guess I didn't specify what type of water I wanted but let's be honest, if you see 5 marginally employed college grads, you think they want to pay $18 for water? But when all was said and done,this was reflected in the waiter's tip and more importantly, I don't want one waiter to take anything away from the rest of this amazing experience. I generally hate giving out 5 star reviews but the amazing food coupled with the chill, hip atmosphere they got going on forced my hand. Just be sure to hit the tables afterwards so you can restock your wallet (or go broke).
My sister and mom went for mothers day, Steaks' opening weekend. Their revue was good enough to get me on a plane from San Diego, and for them to extend their stay another day. I joined up and we went for dinner on Wednesday.   They were right...wow. . . The service was superb. They paid attention to EVERY TINY DETAIL. Napkins were re folded if someone got up, our drinks never got anywhere near empty, simply the best service I have ever had.. . My sister and i split a medium rare porterhouse with the peppercorn sauce and mac &cheese and asparagus, my mom got the beef wellington.  Im rating everything as a  "10" period. The toffee cake and butter ice cream was stunning.. . I am giving the front of the house and back of house both a 10.. I can assure you as this is the Only Gordon Ramsay steakhouse, they DO know how to cook a steak and that's for freaking sure. . . . This is place isn't cheap, but isn't insane. Expect to pay around 100 each person plus tip. The food is worth it, and this comes from a guy who has no problems making complaints.   Make your reservations well ahead of time.
So to begin the restaurant is beautiful, it is trendy and the design is well thought out.  The service was fantastic, very attentive and helpful when we had questions.  Now on to the food.  To start my meal I had the asparagus soup.  The presentation was beautiful and the soup was quite tasty.  I enjoyed the addition of crab meat to the soup, it was different but very good.  My husband had the Caesar salad to start and he thoroughly enjoyed that as well especially the scotch egg it was served with.  For my entree I had the Beef Wellington and I must say I made the right decision.  The pastry was flaky, the mushrooms were flavorful and the filet was melt in your mouth tender.  It was served with potato puree and roasted root vegetables (carrots and parsnips) both of which were delicious.  My husband had the filet and a side of potato puree which surprisingly needed salt which he had to ask for since it is not provided on the tables (cocky much?). Other than that his steak was perfectly cooked and he said it was packed with flavor which can be difficult to achieve with a filet.  For dessert we shared the chocolate layers. It was quite small but so rich that I'm not sure we could have eaten more of it than there was. The only thing I was slightly displeased with was the bottled raspberry quince iced tea I ordered.  It was delicious but it ended up costing just a dollar less than my husbands beer (7 dollars).  It just seemed like a lot to charge for iced tea, I would have paid that happily for a cocktail or a beer but being pregnant that wasn't an option.  Aside from that the prices were what I expected for a fine dining restaurant (230 dollars with tip for two).  Overall I greatly enjoyed Gordon Ramsay Steak and would return the next time I am in Las Vegas.  Was it the best meal I have ever eaten? Maybe not but right on par with the other fine dining establishments I have eaten at.
I had high hopes for Gordon Ramsay Steak, and so I placed a reservation a few days in advance for 4 people. Our experience was fantastic. The restaurant itself is upscale and modern, and it certainly has a more trendy vibe than Ramsay's other restaurants in New York or London. I also appreciated that the hostess allowed guests to order drinks at the bar before their tables are ready; we tried some of the signature beers and cocktails, and all of us enjoyed them immensely.. . The dinner experience was great as well. With 4 recent college graduates eating, we could definitely eat generous portions, so we were a little worried about entree size. However, two of my friends ordered the 24oz bone-in rib-eye steak, which was exceptionally large and out of this world. We also ordered the foie gras for an appetizer, as well as a number of sides and sauces. Overall, the food was outstanding. You MUST try this steakhouse if you are looking for the ultimate Vegas dining experience.. . Perhaps the best part of the meal was the service. Everything was impeccable, and both our waiter and the floor manager stopped by our table to see how our experience was. There is a dress code for the restaurant (business casual or better), but this is typical for Ramsay. The waiter was knowledgable about the entire menu, and you can order drinks from iPads given to each table (a nice, modern touch!).. . I'm sure everyone is wondering about the prices, and yes, they are expensive. The total bill for 4 guests who each ordered 2 drinks, entree, sauces, sides and 1 appetizer to split was just under $500. However, the experience and the quality of the food is hard to beat, and if you haven't had a fine dining experience before, you really have to try Gordon Ramsay Steak. Highly recommended!
terrific energy. dynamic drink selection. great wine program. professional, polished service; and the uniforms are anything but; reminiscent of a runway exhibition--fantastic change from dreary black and whites.  steak presentation one-of-a-kind, not to be missed. pricey; worth every penny and then some!  this is what a steak house--what EVERY RESTAURANT-- should be about--details, taste, experience.  spotted dick dessert sumptuous!
Love Gordon Ramsay and his new restaurant is equally as amazing as he is! I admit, I rarely eat steak but found the menu offered many other options to choose from.  We ordered the Alaskan Halibut and Wild Pacific Salmon entrees with sides of parmesan potatoes and mac and cheese.  All tasted as delicious as they were presented and prepared.  Our dinner waiter was experienced and very personable however our prior lounge service was slow and our waitress lacked enthusiasm.  I'm assuming she was just overwhelmed and stressed, as this was the first Mon after opening weekend.  We had a 9:15 reservation and had to wait for about 30 min. before our table was ready.  Gave us a chance to check out the wine list on the iPad while sipping a nice strawberry martini in the lounge.  Dinner was excellent and our only issue from the evening was getting charged for 4 drinks instead of 2 when they were transferred over from the lounge.  We noticed the error and our waiter had it adjusted immediately.  I'm sure those little glitches will improve over time and the food and wait was well worth it.  I'm looking forward to sampling more menu items next time we get back here...the steak perhaps!
Gordon Ramsay Steak was my main event dinner from my most recent trip to Vegas (May 2012).  I've been looking forward to dining here ever since they announced it last year.  At first I was a little worried that being from a Celebrity Chef, things would be overpriced, overdone, and overhyped.  But as you read on, you'll see that all those worries would be extinguished and that I had probably one of the best dining experiences ever on The Strip.  And also I was so glad that my mom enjoyed it as this was my Mother's Day treat for her.. . Right off the bat, once you walk in you can see the amazing decor that makes it feel like you're in a Modern English Steakhouse from the Chunnel Bar (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=3RUe6kAt1AXyR9tM-3pNzQ) to the giant Union Jack on the ceiling ((http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=Pxlx_Y_BDmDBkpt_PKE6MA).. . They went really fancy with ordering drinks as they provide you with an iPad with their own app that featured their whole wine and cocktail menu.  It was really fun to toy with and see what drinks they had to offer.  My mom ordered the Hell's Kitchen Antioxidant while I had their Strawberry Martini.  I tasted both and they were amazing, but the winner was the Strawberry Martini.. . HK Antioxidant. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=vZe7KFjy2veoDxuI38y21w). . Strawberry Martini. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=o6w3bIXR61D40tvYaqPPhQ). . The Complimentary Bread was very good but I couldn't exactly remember what the pieces were.  I just remember one having bacon in it and another having truffles in it.  And then for my appetizer,I went with the Sonoma Farms Foie Gras which was superb in its own right.. . Complimentary Bread Selection. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=fkuYUsVqEzH31GcdqizWKg). . Sonoma Farms Foie Gras. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=tYp2hGKW1r0Sjedf1fcLQw). . For our Main Entrees, my mom had ordered the 18oz NY Strip (Sorry no pic available) while I decided on the infamous Beef Wellington from Hell's Kitchen (infamous because it sent so many contestants home).  My mom definitely enjoyed her steak, but it was too big for her to finish so she handed the rest off to me.  And it was cooked pretty good!  As for the Beef Wellington,  I've seen it made on HK so many times that it really had me curious on what it tastes like.  Roasted Filet Mignon rolled with mushroom pate in a puff pastry?  It looks and sounds so savory and decadent.  And when I had that first bite, I was literally blown away!  Foodgasms with every bite!!  And to add to that sensation, I had a side of Demi-Roasted Bone Marrow that was just like butter!. . The infamous Beef Wellington!. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=qk2vgE60YTNNmW7Pacy9Rw). . Demi-Roasted Bone Marrow. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=Z0eJgiPy3G2fyzYG7jT79g). . Our meal was capped off with their house special Sticky Toffee and French Press Coffee.  Very good coffee and I like how it came with flavored spoons.  I went with the Bailey's Spoon while my Mom picked the Amaretto Spoon.  The Sticky Toffee was very sweet as I expected it to be.  Loved the vanilla bean "butter" ice cream that came with it.. . French Press Coffee with Flavored Spoons. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=2-qAQC_VVwPL3MstZnUoCg). . Sticky Toffee with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream "Butter". (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=gGuhO59Y0M83t8ZFQrAU-g). . Our Server Freddie did an amazing job waiting on our table.  He was very informative and constantly checked on us to make sure everything was beyond satisfactory.  Overall, all I can say is that he definitely earned a big tip from us!. . Gordon Ramsay Steak may not be the most expensive or best steakhouse on the Strip.  In fact it may actually be one of the more affordable steakhouses considering how all the other spots like Craftsteak, CUT, and Carnevino charge almost an arm and a leg for their steaks.  While not the most expensive, I think Gordon Ramsay hit the mark with creating an great overall dining experience with a pretty diverse menu (while still placing the emphasis on steaks) and well trained staff to provide impeccable service.  I highly recommend you try it out next time you're visiting the strip.  You won't be disappointed!
I'm a big fan of steak, so when my wife and I saw that Gordon Ramsay Steak would be open in time for a recent trip Vegas she got right on making reservations for my birthday dinner.. . Before you choose your steak, the wait staff wheels a a steak cart over to your table so you can see exactly what cuts they have.  Immediately the American Kobe caught my attention.  My understanding is that American Kobe beef is actually Japanese Kobe cows, but raised in Nebraska.  The cuts were smaller than traditional steaks, but the price was a lot better than actual Japanese Kobe steaks, so I went for the rib cap instead of my usual rib eye.. . When the meal arrived, I was in heaven. Best. Steak. Ever. Couldn't have been seasoned or seared any better.  And it was so tender!  OMG was it tender!. . Our Penna Cotta desert was delicious too, very light and flavorful.. . Couldn't have asked for a better meal on my birthday.. . Can't wait to go back, highly recommended!!
I found out this place was opening a few days before we left for Vegas.  To my amazement, we were able to book a table for 4 on a Thursday night at 7:30.  I was so excited to go to this place, as I have only been to one other of his restaurants.  This one did not disappoint.  . We ended up waiting about 15 minutes as it was busy, so we checked out the bar.  Rather small, but once you eat at the restaurant you will understand why.  Right away we were given an iPad to scope out the drink menu...I ordered a Guinness to be an ass, and my GF ordered some Pomegranate drink that looked EXACTLY like what was presented on the virtual menu.  This wasnt my first restaurant with an iPad for a menu, but fun nonetheless.  I also noticed the bottle of Louis 13 Remy Martin staring me in the face, but decided to decline as I was going to be drinking heavily all night and did not want to potentially waste it.  The Maitre d' offered to take our drinks to the table when it became ready and we were sat right in front of the kitchen...awesome table!  . The actual restaurant was rather dark...but sort of a gastro pub feel...tables were spacious and cleverly designed.  I joked all week about how we were getting the chefs table...well...thats basically what we had with the kitchen being open to the rest of the restaurant.  Unreal table.. Our server was immediately by our side asking if we needed refreshments.  A few minutes later he explained the different cuts of meats the had available that evening...I believe I counted 10...which came on the cool looking cart by our table side to look at the different cuts.  Fun.  He gave us a few minutes and was no more than 10 feet away at all times.  (I must clarify here...the waiter, at no time during our dining, rushed our courses or made us feel rushed....we even sat at the table enjoying our drinks long after we had finished our meals with no interruptions....again...service was perfect) We ordered wine, and it came in less than a minute...they obviously have a well organized staff.  Minutes later we were ready to order.  I had ordered the veal and kobe beef cavatelli app, a Caesar salad, and the beef wellington.  First the Caesar...amazing....the dressing was an egg dressing, not a mayonnaise based...and it came with deep fried quail eggs...BOMB...a bit salty, but other than that the best Caesar ever.  The veal and beef dish next was hands down the best appetizer I have ever had at any restaurant, save the duck confit I had at his restaurant in Boca Raton.  My brother even ate more of mine than i did.  The Wellington...my first to be honest so I can't really compare...but it was cooked perfectly, the taste was spot on, and the side of truffled mac and cheese i ordered just completed my best dining experience ever.. Overall, this experience was what I would expect for a group of 4 young adults paying 600 dollars for a meal.  They know it, and I know it....that not only are you paying for top of the line food, but the actual dining experience one would hope for every night out.  . Top notch....
The Atmosphere:  5/5  A cool design with the chunnel bar separating the lounge from the two story dining room.  The open kitchen ads to the energy.  The servers & bar staff are all wearing classy dress shirts with suspenders and ties, (some of the guys could have their shirts tailored though to perfect the look).  The cutlery, plate-ware, linens and glassware were unique and classy. They looked and felt very expensive, these little touches add value for me.. . The Food: 5/5  The shrimp cocktail was good, The Beef Wellington was incredible!  Probably the most flavorful piece of beef I've ever enjoyed. It's one of those types of dishes that many restaurants are scared to serve because it can taste pretty ordinary if it's not prepared correctly.  I won't be ordering it anywhere else because Gordon Ramsey's version has set the bar too high.   Also, get the sticky toffee dessert, our server suggested it and we really enjoyed that too.  I'll get the Beef Wellington and Sticky Toffee dessert again but I'll try other apps and sides next time.. . The Drinks:  5/5  Between my wife and I, we ordered the strawberry martini, two Drifters, HK Antioxidant, Pims Cup and a cappuccino with dessert.  We are normally wine drinkers but we saw a lot of value in their cocktails.  The Drifter was my favorite (I love a good whiskey) and my wife enjoyed the HK antioxidant the most.. . The Service: 4/5  We arrived without a reservation and found two seats at the bar.  When we sat down, the bar staffed were getting crushed by the nonstop drink orders and all of the bar guests.  Their cocktails are pretty labor intensive, so they take awhile to make.  Once they caught up, all three of them were very attentive and personable.  We didn't have to wait long for the food at all.  The restaurant just opened three weeks ago and the staff is probably still working out a lot of kinks, hence a few poor yelp reviews about the pace of service.  We had very friendly service at the bar and we'll sit there again.. . Summary:  My wife and I own two restaurants and are big fans of eating at chef driven restaurants when we go out.  We've been to Vegas every year for the last five years and Gordon Ramsey's Steak was one of our fondest memories of any of our Las Vegas trips.  Can't wait to go back!
Went to Ramsays new Steakhouse in the Paris hotel.  It has a great ambiance and nice decor.  The service was excellent.  Waiter Mike was very efficient,   so were all the other staff.  We had the limited edition tasting menu, and it was wonderful.  Good price for a 4 course dinner.  Nice size servings for both of us. Excellent quality and very tasty.  Our only negative comment, is that the food came too fast, and they seemed to rush us through.  After dessert, we were presented with the bill, and not asked if we would like an after dinner drink or coffee.  We had the feeling they were anxious for us to move on,  so they could do another seating quickly.    But other than rushing us through, we loved everything.  We will be back again, but next time, we will let them know we are not in a hurry.
From their menu: "Prime beef hand selected by Pat LaFrieda, dry aged for 28 days minimum in his Himalayan salt room." Really? Pat LaFrieda has a Himalayan salt room??? That sounds like some crazy Barney Stinson lie that you make up to get in some girl's pants. Instantly, images up sherpas traversing the Himalayas in a blinding snow storm, fighting nomads and killer pandas just to reach that dry aged beef come to mind. Unfortunately, the reality is that a Himalayan salt room is just a room that simulates the effects of a salt cave -- great for dry aging and, apparently, also good for your health.. . The quality of the beef was evident in everything we sampled. Each piece of beef had a distinct -- and wonderful -- flavor. Our party of four tried the 8oz. American Kobe skirt steak ($48), the 24oz. bone-in ribeye ($56), the 8oz. filet ($52), and the roasted beef wellington ($52). . . The beef wellington that Ramsay is famous for is the type of dish that you'll be dreaming of for weeks. With its deliciously flaky pastry shell and bold, beefy interior, don't be surprised if you have night sweats as you recollect tasting every savory bite. . . What separates one steakhouse from all the other great steakhouses on the Strip are the appetizers. The most amazing one we tried was the butter poached Main lobster ($28) with chorizo, brandied cream sauce and sweet corn. The sauce was unbelievable and the spicy, sweet flavors of the dish made it memorable. . . Another dish that's hard to forget is the beef tartare. Sure, every steakhouse has their own version, but the one here is covered with a glass dome filled with smoke and opened table side. The use of mustard seeds and other ingredients gave the beef a bold, rustic quality. The house made chips that accompanied the dish were fabulous also.. . We also ordered half a dozen Kusshi oysters... always a hit. For sides, we ordered fingerling potatoes and asparagus, which were plenty for the four of us to share. Their complimentary bread to start was exceptional as well. The mushroom tarts and focaccia were the standouts.. . The drink menu is presented on an iPad. A cool gimmick, but a hassle when you have four people who have to take turns looking at it. Personally, I'd prefer a paper menu. Everyone enjoyed their cocktails. The Red Lion I tried ($14, Tanqueray, Grand Marnier, lemon juice, orange bitters) was potent and went down way too fast.. . As for the look and atmosphere of the place, there's nothing subtle about it, just like Ramsay himself. The entrance is supposed to be a replica of the chunnel that connects France to England -- it's a cool concept and makes for an impressive site as you're walking up to the entrance. Once you're inside, there's no doubt you're in British territory. There's a huge Union Jack on the ceiling along with a sculpture that represents Ramsay's hand gestures. The rest of the place is dark, elegant, and very spacious with a large open dining area and a smaller dining area on the second floor that overlooks the space below.. . Whether or not you like the Ramsay's onscreen persona, his food lives up to the hype and delivers a fresh approach to the Vegas steakhouse.
This is the best meal I have ever had. . . Yes, I said it. Everything was absolutely perfect. We even got to meet Chef Ramsay himself! He was working hard in the kitchen and bouncing around the dining room meeting people. It was great!. . For the food:. . Started with: HK antioxidant to drink (amazing!), caesar salad, and lobster. . Main Dish: Kobe Filet (best steak I have ever had), spinach, and potatoes. . Dessert: Toffee Pudding (typically not my style, but it was divine). . Restaurant vibe was lively and hip. It was PERFECT!
All except for the atmosphere.... . My mother and I were in Vegas and decided to check out the new face at the Paris. I'm happy that we did!. . I opted for wine while my mom had champagne... decent enough and a nice selection.. . I started off with a cesar salad--hands down the best cesar that I've ever had! The flavors danced on my tongue.  Next up was a cut of beef that I hadn't heard of before--the rib cap. I ordered it charred, medium rare. My mouth still waters when I remember that slice of beef; cooked to absolute perfection and ooohhh soooo tender! Mom opted for the lamb duo and said hers was the best Shepard's Pie ever! We shared a "loaded" baked potato with smoked gouda bechamel and pancetta ham; that was good but I wish we had gone for the truffle mac and cheese. For dessert we had sticky toffee cake with brown butter ice cream... homemade! My mother said it was the best dessert she had ever had in a restaurant.. . Only drawback was the atmosphere. The music was loud, pumping high energy, suitable for a dance club. We were looking for a place to have a nice meal and spend some time chatting-- instead the booming music interrupted the enjoyment of the food.For a place with a price point of $100 to $150 per person, it seemed a bit extreme. I'm not sure if it would stop us from going back but it would be nice to have the option of a quieter dining area. . . Our server, Matthew, went above and beyond! He was helpful with my mother who walks with a cane--assisting her with her chair and escorting us through the restaurant. . He answered all questions patiently and made us feel welcome. . . I was impressed. Maybe they could offer senior night and turn down the music a little?
My husband and I ate here on a Monday night (June 11th) and it was packed!  We were glad to have made reservations.  The restaurant has a very cool entrance (a replica of the chunnel) and it has a very cool vibe and decor.  We had an amazing meal - we started off with the Kobe beef sliders which were super tasty.  Then I had the beef short ribs which were AMAZING - soooooooooo good.  My husband had the American Kobe Beef filet which was the best cut of meat the restaurant had and he LOVED it.  He also ordered the Mac and Cheese as a side and it was heavenly.  The best Mac and Cheese I have ever had.  . . By the way, for drinks the strawberry martini was unreal.  It wasn't overpowered with strawberry flavor it was just right and sooooo delicious!  We then had desert which of course was just unreal.  We ordered the sticky toffee pudding desert and the chocolate layer cake.  The toffee pudding wasone of the most delicious deserts I have ever had - it was so moist and it just melted in your mouth.  The chocolate cake was also super good but it was a pretty small serving on it.  Just 3 bites worth but it was an amazing three bites!  . . Overall an excellent meal and we can't wait to go back!  Definitely recommend it.
Ate here last month during the first week they opened. Being that I am fortunate enough to eat at so many great places, I don't always feel the need to pass on my experiences about all of them. This place deserves it though. I've worked many openings for restaurants and hotels and I know the rate of things that go wrong. None of that happened here. From the design of the restaurant, to the service and the food, all was blissful. . First off, I noticed the obvious symbolism of the tube shaped entrance and bar in the lounge which was the the Metro or theChunnel connecting London to Paris. In this case, London being the restaurant and of course the Paris hotel. Thankfully, the food was not traditional English lol.. Service was right on point; never an empty water glass, and a slew of servers tending to your needs. I noticed the meat cart early on and when it came around I was surprised to learn that it was the actual cut of meat you can choose from. Not a fake plastic or wax model...the actual cut of meat. The mirrors behind each cut to showcase the marbling and the quality were a nice touch. Certainly something I had never seen before.. I couldn't begin to tell you everything we ate because we had a ridiculous amount of dishes for two people. What I DO remember is why you would have to go there in the first place. The strawberry martini was perfect, gin, strawberry and lemon. Just enough to feel good, not too sweet that it tasted fake.. Of all the appetizers and starter, the roasted beet salad was so flavorful and beautifully presented that I swore I was done with dinner and could eat just that every day for the rest of my life. The Asparagus soup had such a phenomenal blend of interesting tastes and textures that it is hard to believe it came from such a childhood favorite vegetable (joke) that nevermind how it makes your pee smell. . Skip the Yellow fin tuna, it was pretty blah compared to the scores of other places that do it so well...sorry.. The meats were cooked perfectly and though I like a good lean meat, I had the New York over the filet and it was perfect, as was the big boy long bone chop, from which my dog received a bone nearly as long as him!. Since steaks can be so straightforward, I would mention some of the sides. The mac and cheese, which has become a staple at most steakhouses now, very tasty, the haricot verts, perfectly crispy,and the fire roasted corn, for those in the know, was reminiscent of Mexican street corn found in downtown L.A. being roasted and served out of a makeshift shopping cart turned bbq grill topped with lime, hot spices, and mayonnaise...mucho yummy. I'm sure they do this somewhere in Mexico as well ;-).. Now after falling in and out of a food coma, and two bottles of wine later, we were literally served every single dessert on the menu. So I can't name them all but I will tell you to trust the server when he says their specialty toffee pudding cake was worth breaking the so-called diet for and will be worth a return visit. But don't just take my word for everything, go see for yourself! Make a reservation, they sill seem to be pretty busy!
WOW!  My husband took me here for my birthday and it was fabulous.  For appetizer we had the stuffed lobster, delicious.  We ordered the ribeye and Kobe beef rib cap for the man course along with macaroni and cheese and another side of mushrooms.  The steaks were the best we have ever had, especially the Kobe.  Everything was seasoned to perfection.  The mac and cheese was very creamy with a crumb topping, divine.  I think the best part was our waiter, Matthew.  Talk about a professional!  Friendly, attentive, excellent.  Our water was kept filled, table cleared promptly between courses, heck he even picked up my husband napkin and refolded it when husband went to restroom.  It was almost like Matthew and his helper were Ninja waiters, all we had to do was think of something we wanted, and poof! They would appear as if they knew what we wanted before we did, so cool.. They also gave my husband and I a complimentary glass of champagne for my birthday, very nice touch.. This place hits it out of the park!  . Perfect.. . My husband says its like they had the service fine tuned down to the molecular level
I was in Vegas this past Memorial Day Weekend on a business trip and happened to  stay in Paris. The restaurant was completely booked for a Sunday night so my coworker and I ate at the bar.. . We ordered the Kobe beef sliders for appetizers. The sliders were incredibly small, but definitely worth it.  It's easy to overcook sliders since the meat is so small but these were thick enough to still be juicy when you bite down.  . . Fish and chips were delicious.  The breading was light and crispy not thick and oily like many others.. . Beef short ribs were excellent. Cooked perfectly and melted in your mouth.  . . For dessert, we shared the decomposed cheesecake with blueberry compote.  This was not your Cheesecake Factory cheesecake.  All of the components were arranged in various parts of the plate. It was rich but not heavy, a great ending toa heavy meal.
Just enjoyed a fabulous dinner here, Sunday June.17th/2012. Our server Olga was beyond amazing! She is what I would consider the pefection of GREAT customer service. . . The drink menu can be found on a iPad, you can view all drinks, there ingrediants, and make your order on it.. . We started with a platter of delicious breads- a walnut biscotti looking bread, a mushroom truffle oil baked puff bread, and a lemon loaf. From there our 3 drinks arrived- strawberry martini(super smooth), Primms Cup, and The HK Antioxidant.. We chose to start with The Kobe beef sliders ($17 for 2, added a third for an additional $8) YUMMMY!!. . The three mains ordered- . Roasted Beef Wellington $52.  -served with glazed root vegetables, potato puree, red wine demi glace (The infamous, PERFECT!). Roasted Chicken Breast $30.  -served with confit leg, apple butter, foie gras wild rice, tikki masala, crispy chicken skin (Super moist). Fisherman's Grill $48.  -served with maine lobster, mussels, scallop, seasonal fish, vadouvan curry aioli (the seasonal fish was halibut, salmon, and i believe a portion of basa filet) . . Olga reminded us to save room for dessert as she had something special in mind! Thats a sure sign something amazing was coming our way, if we had the room to order it. Well let me tell you!! Holy god was it amazing!!. Sticky Toffee with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream "Brown butter stick". I would go just to eat this again and again and again!
Best meal that my wife and I ever had.  OMG. That was fantastic. Thanks for all the reviews.  It helped immensely.  Yelp rocks.. Beet salad.  Awesome. Fried fois grois   Stupendous. Beef Wellington for two. That was even better.  The true climax came with our 25th anniversary sticky toffee pudding.  It is a must.  And the service was also that good.
Impeccable, Excellent from start to finish!
Let me start off by saying that I had a wonderful meal with my family at Gordon Ramsay's Steakhouse.. . We had a reservation for 5pm, and the hostess seated us right on time when the doors opened. We were then greeted by our waiter Matthew who showed us the ropes and was extremely pleasant and knowledgeable. Also serving us was a very nice man named Mohamadu who did not skip a beat when it came to refilling glasses and removing finished dishes; both he and Matthew had a great sense of humor and really made our party feel welcome and relaxed.. . To aid us in our drink selection the restaurant uses an Ipad with an interactive drink menu which really came in handy, giving us all a look at what each cocktail would look like when served. I was surprised with the ease of use of the device and everyone played with it a bit before ordering. We ordered a nice cabernet sauvignon, with the aid of the delightfully helpful and knowledgeable sommelier, and the HK antioxidant cocktail-- both were fantastic. Then, to aid us in our choice of steak (for those who wanted steak), the staff brought out a wonderful arrangement of cuts and Matthew gave us a quick but detailed description of each. This was fantastic, being able to see each cut and knowing exactly what you were going to get as you ordered!. . After placing our orders, a delicious assortment of specialty breads was served. Mohamadu noticed that we had all sampled the same kind of bread, and without a moments noticed had returned with an extra plate of just those breads; we all very much appreciated his keen attention to detail as we devoured them.. . The food arrived hot and prepared as ordered... to perfection. Every dish our group of 5 enjoyed was delectable and exceeded all expectations. Each of us ordered something different, so we sampled a good portion of the menu to include several different entrees, sides, and soup/salads. Especially delicious was the beef wellington, which is one of the steakhouse's specialties. Also I would like to point out how great the "mac'n'cheese" was - I would have never though macaroni could taste this good! After dinner we enjoyed a few of the desserts offered to include the cheese platter, and again we were not disappointed.. . As we all walked out, Matthew and Mohamadu shook our hands and thanked us as we passed by. We have all dined at several other high-end restaurants in Las Vegas and never once had service like this. Many other dining spots in the area have exceptional food, but none have the atmosphere and care; you feel like a guest in someone's home.. . So to sum it all up, my party and I thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere, service, food and drinks ordered. Each dish was cooked to order and all were seasoned deliciously. The service was second to none, and if you want a sure bet for wonderful service I would definitely recommend asking for Matthew and Mohamadu by name... they won't disappoint!
By far one of the best dinners of my life. It was absolutely delicious! Our waiter was great and the atmosphere was fantastic.  I can't wait to go again.
OMG let me start off by saying what a pleasure it was to dine at this fine establishment. Gordon Ramsay does not disappoint. We came on the 20th day the restaurant was open. heard he was there in person during the first week but wasnt there while we were dining BOOOOO! =[ the meat trolly they push to show case their meat is amazing, great visual if your indecisive about what you want. they had great wine and alcohol selection too bad the hubby and i had been drinking non-stop all weekend already and was no longer in any mood to drink anymore. they put their drinks menu on ipad like CUT. the service was impeccable! nothing short of stellar and attentive service! and  there was a tasting menu and if you do the tasting you get a special tasting menu with chef ramsays picture and autograph so of course that was a no brainer choice RIGHT? lol however the only way i could do the tasting is if the hubby also ordered the tasting and the hubby HATES tasting menu with a passion. he got quite upset and did the tasting with me although i insisted it would be okay and we didnt have to do a tasting. the great customer service really help the hubby become less grumpy about having to eat another tasting! lol we also ordered the oyster, the ale french onion soup and the foie gras. oyster and foie gras was unbelievably good. the onion soup i felt it was overpowered by the ale that i couldnt really taste anything but the ale. the hubby didnt enjoy it either. another great option is that you could order lobster along side your steak. for the tasting menu it started with a beet salad. the hubby complained there was no lettuce what so ever and how could it be a salad without lettuce. lol then next course was the asparagus soup, it was super yummy! finally the main was the beef wellington something ive wanting to try since the first season of hells kitchen. it was delicious except it lacked in presentation the crust was falling off the meat when it arrive and i hadnt even touched it yet. bummer! for dessert we panna cotta it was delicious but ive had it better at alexanders. =D dinner for two plus tip was 425. not too bad cant wait to return!
My wife and I wanted to have our anniversary dinner at GR Steak and let me tell you... it was fantastic! We were brought in on schedule at 6:30. We were given some interesting details about decor as we were taken to our table. Unfortunately the table was in a dark corner on the first floor with a wall for my view. I politely asked if we could get another table and our request was granted without hesitation... a table at the bottom of the stairs with a perfect view of the action. Our waiter Alex was excellent... answering every question we had and not making us feel rushed. We ordered wine and the chorizo stuffed lobster tail for an app and it was outstanding! Next we ordered our entrees... the rib cap for me and the infamous beef wellington for my wife. The rib cap was amazing as well as the wellington... melts in your mouth. My wife and I got the asparagus and mac and cheese for sides respectively... and let me tell you it was the best mac and cheese Ive ever had! Then it gets better... dessert is sticky toffee pudding... omg... I have never tasted any dessert that can even come close to the synergy of flavors that Chef Ramsay gave me. All I can say is Chef Ramsay delivers on all levels... from the food... to the service... to the atmosphere... this is an experience that you will never forget!... ever!
Gordon Ramsay Steak will now always hold a special place in my heart. My boyfriend and I dined on a Tuesday at 7:30 (making reservations a month in advance), and were seated at about 7:45. The hostess gave us a tour (explaining the decor) on the way up to our table on the balcony, which we thought was cool. We didn't order any alcoholic beverages or appetizers, we just cut to the chase. I ordered the infamous Beef Wellington, and my sweetie ordered the Fisherman's Grill, with a side of truffle macaroni and cheese. We waited about 30-45 minutes for dinner, which during that time my sweetie asked me a VERY important question ;). Dinner finally arrived...and it was WONDERFUL! The Beef Wellington was like butter! Fork tender! My Guy's seafood was excellent as well, cooked to perfection. For desert I ordered the toffee pudding with the brown butter ice cream. It was practically drool worthy! Needless to say, I highly recommend Gordon Ramsay Steak. Oh, and by the way, I SAID YES! :)
BEST MEAL EVER. I have dined all over the world in many fine dining establishments but I have never had a flawless meal until I ate at Gordon Ramsay's Steak. I am not just saying this because I am a fan of some TV show. From the bread to the dessert, this dinner was amazing. First of all, the place is stylish and modern, the bar staff is dressed in classic blue shirts with french cuffs and red ties. The waitresses wear black dresses and were all very helpful and friendly. The music is lively but allows for conversation. The bread plate had three types of bread, an olive oil laced soft italian slice, a roll with pancetta and another roll with figs and something else delicious. My friend said the pork belly melted in his mouth and my shrimp were fresh and plump. The bone in rib eye was cooked perfectly and had a delicious char. The peppercorn sauce on the side came in a little pot and highlighted the flavors of the steak and did not overpower it.  My friend had the cafe de paris butter and said it was "lovely". The side dishes also complemented the steak but were delicious on their own. We had the spinach with cheese and parmesan cream, the fire roasted corn and the colcannon croquettes. After all that, I did not think I could have dessert, however, I was persuaded by my friend who wanted to try a couple of things. Michelle suggested we have the sticky toffee pudding but my friend chose two other items. After an amazing encounter with lemon tea cakes with tea infused ice cream and some spotted dick (don't laugh!) with cardamom infused ice cream, my friend declared that he had just had the best ice cream ever. Just then, the General Manager (Jean Philippe) refused to let us leave without trying the Sticky Toffee Pudding. We were too full to eat but was so insistent and kind enough to bring it out. We dove in. First of all, I am not a dessert person. HOWEVER, I nearly stabbed my friend's hand to get to the last spoonful! ALSO, the formerly two best ice creams we had ever had moments earlier were TOPPED by the BUTTER ice cream which accompanied the pudding. I cannot wait to get back to Vegas to visit Gordon Ramsay's Steak. I may have to move there! Thanks to Jean Philippe and Michelle and thanks to Gordon Ramsay and Chef de Cuisine, Kevin Hee!
The restaurant was really nice and the waiters came around frequently asking how everything was. When you sit down, an iPad is delivered to your table where you can make meal/drink choices, awesome! My husband and I ordered the beef wellington for two and it was mouth watering delicious! We are going to have trouble finding one to top this, if it's even possible! Definitely recommend this restaurant if you have a couple hundred dollars to spare :)
OK...so if you try this place, you only need to know 3 words... STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING!  Oh it was heaven!  I was in Vegas for a week, had reservations one night...and then went back and ate in the bar on a following night.  The first night my hubby and me split the Porterhouse...FANTASTIC idea, it was soooo good, portioned and cut nicely.  The second time I tried the Wellington, because everyone else said to... I am not a wellington fan...so I wasn't thrilled, but never have been with wellington.  I strongly suggest trying the Macaroni and Cheese...it is definitely not out of a blue box!  Next time I go, i just want to belly up to the bar with a HK Antioxidant, a side of Mac and Cheese, and some Sticky Toffee Pudding...and I will be good to go! YUM!
Astoundingly good.  Came here for my 30th birthday and had one of the best steaks of my life.  My bone-in ribeye was perfectly cooked and an amazing cut of steak.  Topped with a generous portion of seared foie gras I really can't recall ever having a better steak.  The bread service was great, and the cocktails were all perfect.  Good beer selection as well.  I couldn't care less about this being a "Gordon Ramsay" restaurant but if you're in Vegas and would like a great steak you could do a lot worse.  Just note that this place has a loud clubby atmosphere, so if you're looking for a quiet dinner this isn't your place.
My boyfriend and i love Gordon ramsey and all of his UK cooking shows, especially F word.  We were thrilled to be staying in Vegas at Paris where the new Gordon ramsey steak just opened. We shared the Caesar salad to start and Brian had the Strawberry martini. Best Caesar, great martini. Next we both had the Beef Wellington. Gamechanger! If you are in Vegas, stop reading this review and go to Gordon. The food is worth the price, and the waitstaff was fantastic as well. Olga from Siberia was a great waitress, I love a server with that right blend of spunk and professionalism, we had lots of fun! Overall, amazing experience and i will be dreaming about eating here again!  I can't say enough good things about Gordon, Yum!
My husband and I went to Gordon Ramsey's with my parents and had one of the best meals we've ever had. We started with the sidecar and the drifter for cocktails - amazing! For the appetizer we had the lobster and crab , both delicious.  The asparagus soup is a definite must try.  Maiden course we had the Kobe filet - out of this world.  Sides were the Mac n cheese and asparagus, amazing as well.  Be sure to ask for the ABC spoons with your coffee. They are little shots of amaretto, baileys, and chambord inside of milk, dark, and white chocolate.  The panacotta for dessert was the perfect ending.  We will definitely eat here on every visit to Vegas.  Loved it.
Definitely worth it, between two of us we had the Kobe filet, prime rib, Mac and cheese, baked potato, bread pudding, and the terra cotta. Everything surpassed our expectations and even though I do not like desserts typically the pudding was awesome! The terra cotta was good but way too sweet to finish. Would go back any chance I could get
I don't give out 5 stars very often!. . 7:30 reservation, approached the podium and they initially kept asking my name, spelling etc., reason was they couldn't find my reservation. They discovered that my party (the other 4) had already been seated. I know I was considerably closer to the restaurant than they were and expressed amazement that they beat me, but anway was escorted upstairs to be seated along with the party of 5. I didn't know them... We went back to the podium and ascertained that they had hijacked my reservation, probably by glancing at the computer screen and claiming to be me - they did use my name exactly and knew the time. I was 5 minutes late, that may have been their clue to take advantage, thinking from the monitor that we would be a no-show. Not likely - they require a non-refundable deposit for a table. "May I watch while Gordon kicks them out?", I joked, but I did ask them seriously if they would show them door, and they said that they would not, so I didn't get the satisfaction, limiting my retaliation to a dirty look later at their table which I figured would make them know that I knew. So what do you think is the correct way to handle this?. . Seated in the balcony area, the entire layout reminded us of Hell's Kitchen. Drinks displayed on an iPad - cool. No children's menu but some choices were offered, daughter went with the mac and cheese.. . Dress code: Everything was there, I'd say anything goes.. . Waitresses: Gorgeous, and cute short dresses.. . The bread basket - fantastic, and waiter generously offered to give more of our favorites. The rolls that look like little cinammon rolls (pancetta and fig within we were told) had a delightful smoky taste and the butter sprinkled with... something... but wonderful.. . I ordered the Casear salad. Thank God I did, it was the most fantastic tangy Caesar dressing, served simply on whole Romaine leaves with crouton, fantastic. Wife had the onion soup and it brought her to her knees.. . Steaks were perfect (standard filet i.e. not the Kobe). Perfect temperature, perfect char, perfect doneness, perfect tenderness, perfect taste. Better than any steak I had ever had? No - but as good as it gets.. . Side: I recommend the mashed potatoes. Everyone liked the mac and cheese a lot, but I didn't care for it as much - don't like blue cheese that much though it was not a strong taste.. . We passed on desert - went to Serendipity 3 instead on the 100+ degree day.. . Total tab came to $440 before tip including several glasses of wine, 4 adults and daughter's mac and cheese. Worth it? $80-$90 a head to dine at a restaurant with perfect ambiance, perfect service, perfect food, and appreciation that the great Gordon Ramsay practices what he preaches? Yes, absolutely, will probably go there whenever we are in Vegas.
Went to Gordon Ramsay Steak for our anniversary. It may have been the best meal we ever had!  The Kobe Rib Cap was the most amazing and flavorful piece of meat I ever had!  Everything was perfect. Our waiter, Abraham, was the best. The sommmelier  (wine guy) was very helpful and unpretentious .  A very high end meal, but worth it!  We live in Vegas and have gone to many, many restaurants and this is absolutely the best meal ever! We will definitely be returning !
I am one of the few hundred people that have attended this restaurant due to the wonderfulness of "Hell's Kitchen" and "Masterchef".  I was very sad to not see Gordon in the back screaming and cursing at people. I think this is reserved for the tv shows. He must have been off filming one of the millions of shows he is on.  Any who lets get back to the restaurant review.  I had reservations at 5:30pm.  We were seated promptly by the hostess.  Yes the hostesses were dressed a little scantily but who isn't dressed scantily in Vegas.  Our waiter came and greeted us.  Unfortunately I forgot his name.  I am sure all the waiters or waitresses are great.  We did not order a cocktail and settled with the water.  The water came in a glass bottle.  I was a little nervous since I was not interested in paying for water.  My anxiousness was subdued when I saw that everyone that wanted water were all served with this glass bottle.  No extra charge for the water.  I order the short rib tortellini with the sweet brains.  For you that do not know from not watching Chopped and various cooking shows sweet brains are organs.  The appetizer was so delicious.  I wanted to order 2.  Next was the entree.  I ordered the filet, not the kobe just the regular one.  I wasn't in the mood to pay double for a filet.  As sides I order the mac n cheese and roasted corn.  The sides were great but not spectacular,  My grannie makes better mac n cheese.  Please understand I am used to southern mac n cheese.  For a high end restaurant it was good.  The filet was what stole my breath away.  It melted in my mouth and was cooked to perfection.  After these items I am full however still wanted a dessert.  I ordered the sticky toffee pudding.  OMG, OMG OMG.  I ate the whole thing.  This dessert was delicious.  . . Overall summery, there will be no screaming and profanity.  This is saved for the tv show.  The food is great.  I would definitely come here again if in Vegas.  You don't have to pay for the bottle water and definitely save room for the dessert.  Make sure you come here before you start hitting the tables or slots.  It will cost you a pretty penny.. . Overall rating 9 out of 10.
I've eaten at alot of steak houses, and I can tell you that my experience at Gordon Ramsey Steak ranks as one of the best, if not the best dining experiences I've ever had.  It is more than just a steak house.  The wait staff was spot on.  The food was spectacular.  Everything about the restaurant screamed high end casual dining, yet very welcoming.  The Roasted Beef Wellington, was one of the best meals I've ever had.  The filet mignon was buttery tender, and it was seasoned just right.  You could tell from the first bite of food, that the food was the freshest possible, and that quality was a top priority.  The kitchen is open, so that the customers can see their food cooked, and the head chef was very visible.  You could see him tasting all the food to make sure the quality of everything served was up to par, and you could see him lead the cooking and wait staff.. . The food was some of the best I've ever tasted, and it will be a regular dining stop for me whenever I'm in Las Vegas.
Ok, I'm not going to write a long review because if you've been to Vegas & have been to Gordon Ramsay Steak, you KNOW how great this restaurant is! If you haven't, this place is a must stop!. . Beef Wellington - Amazing. Pan-seared Foi Gras - Melts like butter. Demi-Glazed Bone Marrow - So flavorful & a perfect compliment to the wellington. Smoked Beef Tartare - The perfect appetizer. The chips you eat with the beef tartare are perfectly seasoned & gives it a a nice little crunch.. . In the words of Gordon Ramsay, the food is "spot on" & "absolutely delicious.". . Also, the waitstaff are very professional, knowledgeable, & make great recommendations.  . . The price of the meal is well worth the entire dining experience: food, service, & ambiance. Just note that if you plan on dining at the restaurant, you are required to RSVP 3 days in advance!!
This was by far the best dining experience I've ever had. One of the things that stood out the most was the service we received from our server, Mathew.  From the moment we sat down he did an amazing job making us feel like we were the only table in the restaurant. He also introduced me to a new beer that has quickly made its way to the front of my beer fridge (La Fin Du Monde.  . . Of course, going into Gordon Ramsay's you expect GREAT food - and it didn't disappoint.  I had the New York Strip and it was cooked to perfection, as were the rest of the entrees of the others in our party.
One of the memorable meals I've had and I didn't even order an entree.. . I'm a big fan of Gordon Ramsay from the British version of Kitchen Nightmares. That guy -- the one from the U.K. show -- is awesome. I've briefly met Ramsay and gotten a couple of his cookbooks signed. But I've never eaten at a Ramsay restaurant.. . I had an evening to myself in Vegas but didn't really have the budget for a full-on expensive meal so I thought I would try to visit GRS to try something, just to have had the experience. . . As a solo diner, they seat you at the bar. No problem -- nice bar, great service. I ordered the Onion Soup. While I was waiting, a couple of locals sat down and it was there first time at Steak, as well. We chatted a bit. More on them later. . . The Onion Soup was stellar. Thick and slick and full of flavor. On the bar menu, they had a lower priced Fois Gras that came with in-house made English Muffins and jam. For a week or so, I dreamt about those English muffins. Forget your nooks and crannies, these were smaller than what you're used to but crisp on one side Fois Gras was amazing and the whole thing worked as a weird sort of PBJ assemblage. . . The couple next to me turned out to be the nicest people in the world They offered a couple of bites of their steak. I refused. They insisted. Okay! Sold! Two bites of the best steak I've ever tasted. Perfect, really. They also give me a sample of their dessert, which had a pour-on chocolate of some kind. Hi, diabetic coma!. . I ordered the coffee for desert. I thought it would be coffee. But no! It was French press coffee PLUS 3 spoons with chocolate labeled A B and C. Inside the spoons were were Amaretto, Bailey's and Chambord. You dip the spoon in the coffee, the chocolate melts and the liquor goes in the coffee. Amazing presentation.. . This was a totally worthwhile experience. Incredible meal, great service. Well played.
Fantastic drink and wine menu. . Interesting appetizers and a real hand of care regarding the menu. . One feels almost hugged by the combination of flavors. . The Maine Lobster and chorizo appetizer is phenomenal. . Bread choices before your meal are beautifully executed. . At every turn, service is at the front of the wave of flavor.. We had the Wellington and were not disappointed. . The trolley of beef cuts is very interesting and customers get to see and hear where the meats are raised.. The Sticky Toffee Pudding is the REAL DEAL and is served with a beautiful carmelized sugar ice cream. . Coffees are served with chocolate/liqueur popsicles - a real extra touch.. Staff are helpful and happy to be working in this fine establishment. . I'd go spend another $200.
We had a group of 17 guys for a bachelor party.  We had a reservation and were quickly seated in a private dining room.  With a group so large, we had a limited menu that we were allowed to choose from. I personally had the three courses of:. . - Yellow Fin Tuna with some sort of Daichon Radish and Lettuce salad mix.  This was amazing.  The tuna was sushi grade and melted in my mouth.  Great stuff.. - Beef Wellington with potato puree and red win demi glace - absolutely amazing. This is Gordon Ramsay's signature dish...and the hype was met.  . - Sticky Toffee Pudding - at this point I was so full that I didn't think there was any room for dessert.  I took a bite...and wow. Actually, I think I heard 17 "wows" or "oh my gods" all at once in the room.  . . Overall, this is one of the best meals I've had.  Definitely lives up to the hype and worth every penny.  The food was great and the staff was courteous and very attentive. I will be back.
Decided to drop by even without a reservation since I was alone for a conference. They had seating available at the bar and I took a few minutes going through the menu. I started with the smoked beef tartare, which was topped with a quail egg. The dish comes out with a lid on it, and when they uncover it, a nice misty smoke comes out to enhance the presentation. Served with some seasoned chips, this was a great dish to start with. The people around me who had the foie gras claimed that was amazing as well.. . On to the main course, I opted out of my usual huge rib eye. Amanda and Alan were working the bar, and after consulting their expertise, I instead went with the 8oz rib cap cooked medium rare with mac and cheese. The steak even at 8oz was definitely enough of a portion to fill me up, and I've wolfed down the 33oz at Mastro's on multiple occasions. The steak was lightly seasoned, allowing for the full flavor of the meat to be enjoyed with each bite. It was also cooked perfectly at medium rare...not medium...or rare like some places end up doing. As for the mac and cheese, I don't even really like mac and cheese and this dish was amazing. With truffle and a crispy top, I can say I am now a fan.. . Moving on to dessert, I didn't even have to look at the menu to know what to order. The reviews all say to get the sticky toffee pudding, and once again that was the suggestion from Amanda and Alan. Let me just say, MIND BLOWN! I have not come across a dessert in the same league. All the flavors blend together to form the perfect dish and the ice cream goes perfectly with the toffee soaked sponge cake.. . As a comprehensive look at the experience, the service was excellent, once again thanks to Amanda and Alan. I normally care more about the food and care little with regards to presentation, but in both cases GRS earned 5 stars. I will definitely be coming back with my friends so they can experience the awesomeness that is Gordon Ramsay Steak!. . Also remember to present your Total Rewards membership card for a few bucks off each dish. I signed up right before I walked in.
VERY nice elegant restaurant!!!---top notch!. its GORDONS!(im a BiG FAN!). -- steak & salmon was perfect!. everything was delicious.... . BEST dinner i ever HAD!
Let me start out with this place is top notch. My wife and I have gone to many top Steak houses like Ruth Chris' and Donovan's and so on. This place definitely exceeded my expectations as it should have. Before we ordered we were shown the different cuts of beef which was amazing!. . For starters the different type of bread that was given to us was top notch. I had the Kobe sliders. I love Kobe beef and this was some of the best succulent mouth watering Kobe I have had. My wife had the Asparagus Soup which I had a taste and it was really good.. . For the main course I had the famous Roasted Beef Wellington. My wife had the Beef Short Rib. Both of these were awesome. The Beef Wellington was cooked to perfection, medium rare. It was perfect. The Short Rib also was perfectly cooked at medium. . . The service was perfect. I hate it when I am bothered too much during my meal and not able to enjoy it. . . All in all this was perfect in every way.
Alright I had to create a Yelp! account just so I could write a review about Gordon Ramsay Steak! I'm not even gonna compare this place to any other over priced/overrated restaurant on the strip.... (most the steakhouses on the strip are a little stiff and unimpressive/ or just trying to hard). However the single greatest place to eat on the strip hands down, is Gordon Ramsay Steak. Amazing cocktails that were Huge and delicious.(English garden really cools you off after a day in the hot Vegas sun!!!)Maine Lobster tail stuffed with chorizo was perfect and reasonably priced(for a lobster tail on the strip!) The caesar salad with tiny little scotch quail eggs was the best salad ever with a twist on the classic. Asparagus soup was phenomenal with great presentation and unique combination of flavors. The bread was fantastic as everyone has been saying on here. (Truffle, prosciutto, and focaccia.) Now for the main course....... The single greatest steak of my life had to be the Kobe rib cap! When people say some crap steak from any other steakhouse melts in your mouth they have obviously never tasted this cause it actually melted in my mouth, not joking! I thought an 8 oz steak would be to small for me cause I'm a big guy but it was so rich, (maybe cause of the bone marrow my dumb ass got to put on top, however it was worth getting that too) I actuallycouldn't finish it. The bone-in dry aged rib eye was also phenomenal. Had such a nice distinct flavor to it from the dry aging that I almost couldn't decide which steak I liked more(rib cap won by a little bit). Sides were great we tried 3 (truffle mac, fingerling potato, creamed spinach) All complimented by a great bottle of wine from a rather nice wine list. But..... as good as dinner was and no matter how great the service from Mark was it was nothing compared to the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream!!!!!!! Holy $@%#!!!! Go eat here you will not be disappointed. And if you are disappointed,  you don't know what you are talking about(cause I went back the next night, got the same great service and the best lamb duo ever that even Charlie Palmer from Aureole would be jealous of and the best fish and chips ever!!!!)
I was in town for a conference and I tried to get reservations but had to sit at the bar instead. Since I travel about 200 days a year and eat out a great deal, I thought I was get the customary average service at the bar but I was in for a big surprise!. . I was impressed that all three bartenders, Alan, Amanda, and Oscar, were not only working as an experienced team, but they were extremely knowledgeable about food and wine. The recommendation was the asparagus soup, which was brilliant and went very well with the breads presented. I had the beef wellington (after you watch 1,000's cooked on Hell's Kitchen, what else are you supposed to have?) which was perfectly cooked. The sorbet was a perfect top-off to an enjoyable meal. By the time I left, I felt that Alan, Amanda, and Oscar were not there just to serve me wine and food but to help me enjoy the whole experience of Gordon Ramsay Steak.. . I guess you become a Michelin star chef by perfecting your cooking and an excellent restauranteur by hiring people like Alan, Amanda, and Oscar. Thank you for such a wonderful experience!
What a stellar experience.  There are many world-class restaurants in Las Vegas obviously, but few stand out so prominently as Gordon's.  My girlfriend and I are HUGE Gordon Ramsay fans and have been so for many years, but sadly, we've never been able to experience his cuisine.  It was exactly that, an experience.  The food was absolutely mind-blowing only to be tied with the unbelievable service we received from server (and when I say server, it was more like conductor of a fine symphony), Matthew K..     Upon entering through a London Underground like tunnel, the restaurant opens up into a beautifully stylized modern steakhouse.  While waiting for our table, we sat at the bar and were immediately greeted by a friendly bartender sporting two iPads with interactive drink menus.  Wow.  The drinks were as fantastic as the presentation..     We were seated shortly after ordering our drinks, and greeted by a cheery, fun-spirited server named Matthew.  That's when the real fun started.  Seeing our enthusiasm to see what Gordon had to offer, he recommended to us we try the limited edition tasting menu which featured a variety of tasting courses with the Beef Wellington as the main.  For the sake of keeping this review under 30 pages describing the beauty of each dish we were served, I'll say that EVERY course was even more amazing than the last.  We even added an extra course of the "fish and chips" (which calling that fish and chips is like calling Las Vegas itself just a city).  If I really had to pick two favorites, it would be the asparagus soup and of course the beef wellington.  Lastly, I am NOT a dessert eater, but the Tropical Panna Cotta just about blew me out of my chair and across the room..     The entire evening left us floating about a foot off the ground between the atmosphere, food, and service.  Completely made our entire weekend.  We will be going back  again and again and can't wait for the new GR pub opening in Caesar's this fall!. . Thanks Gordon & Matt!!!
call me a nerd... but it was like a dream come true to eat here.  . . I really kicked myself for not having made a reservation, the dining room was completely sold out! However, they have a first-come, first-serve lounge/bar area that will also serve the entire menu.  This actually ended up working out perfectly because we had a show to catch! . . The lounge area is very modern looking.. a waitress immediately greets you and presents you with an ipad which has all the drink details.  The wine list is extensive and actually a little overwhelming... that or I was just too excited to be there to focus...  sensing my indecisiveness, our waitress recommended a red blend, Prisoner.  It was a little shocking at $28 a glass but man, oh man, was it good.  And having overheard that we had a show to catch, our ever helpful waitress -who's name i wish i could remember- suggested we put in our orders ASAP because they were expecting a party of 70! . . We started with a shared caesar salad.  I usually steer clear of the caesar salads because I hate anchovies and have a pretty sensitive palate.. i couldn't taste any at all in this one.  It was just delicious with generous amounts of parmesan cheese and garlic croutons.  There were also some breaded quail eggs in there - i wasn't such a fan of those.  . . Also, the bread basket is freaken amazing, each piece of bread had such a unique taste to it.  I couldn't get enough!. . Now the main attraction: . . The Mother Effing Beef Wellington.  Holy crap was that thing good.  To quote a prior review, "life changing."  . . Go there.  Get the beef wellington.  just do it. . . I really really really wish we would have had time for dessert.  The sticky toffee pudding around us looked so mouth watering!. . until next time!
What can i honestly say about Gordon Ramsey Steak that hasn't been said before! I mean seriously....WOW.....just...........WOW! I have been meaning writing a review about GR for sometime now because i went back in mid June and had an absolute time there!. . First let me start off about getting there and finding this magical steak-land! So myself and 3 other friends planned our yearly trip to Las Vegas, and we were all looking forward to going, because all of us needed a vacation and get away from it all! As is tradition, every time we go to Vegas we always try out a new steak house, because come on, its Vegas! This year i was researching and planning where to go eat and which steakhouse to eat at. I decided on two, first was Mastro's at the Aria and The Strip House at Planet Hollywood, those were my only choices because Ive heard great things about them and wanted to try it. So a few days go by and I'm watching Hell's Kitchen on TV. and from there i always google what I'm watching for some strange reason, and unbeknown to me i saw a link under Hells Kitchen that said "Gordon Ramsey Steak Las Vegas", i was like "whaaaaaaaaaat?" I was excited and looked up the steakhouse and found that it looked amazing and we just had to try it! It was only 2 weeks away from our trip and i got right on the phone to make dinner reservations on a Tuesday at 8pm. From there we were set and ready to try Gordon Ramsey and experience what the hype was about because it just opened around May.So the day comes where we finally get to Vegas and our steakhouse awaited! We all got ready to out and dressed to impress, as is what you do in Las Vegas! SO now to finally talk about the restaurant haha! . . We arrive at our scheduled reservation time and the Host told us that their tables were running a little behind and we had to wait about 30 minutes. To be honest that's the only thing that bothered me, because you would think a place as esteem as Gordon Ramsey would not be irresponsible like that, but anyways the thing that saved it for me is that while we were waiting playing some roulette to kill time, the Host found us on the gaming floor and really tried his best to get us a table ASAP, and he did, he actually tried, which was amazing! we didn't even wait the 30 minutes as expected. We finally get seated and the service was already amazing! Our waiter was very well mannered and polite and was extremely attentive! We ordered our drinks from this really cool ipad menu which i thought was awesome! Kudos to that! We ordered a couple martinis and a bottle of wine, and i thought the coolest part was once you finished your glass, out of nowhere some ninja waiter with a bow tie spawns out of nowhere and refills your glass, i am not even kidding, he seriously just came out of nowhere hahaha! . . Now to the food- (Yes i know its a very long review, but this place is so amazing i just have to) I ordered the 24oz bone in ribeye medium rare with a side of foie gras and the mac and cheese, my other friend ordered the same thing except with a side of fingerling potatoes, another friend ordered the new york strip with a baked potato, and lastly my other friend order the beef wellington with sauteed mushrooms. Some time goes by and we finally get our food, and at first glance we just knew that this was going to be an amazing meal! My steak was cooked and chard to perfection, it was tender and juicy and very flavorful and i also tried to house made steakhouse which was a treat to me! Now the mac and cheese O.....M....G!!!! it was fantastic! it had truffles for God Sake! the steak was awesome but i could have survived on the mac and cheese alone, it was that amazing! It was just like that scene from Ratatouille when the critic takes a bite of the ratatouille and has this flashback of when he was a child, that's how it felt when i took a bite of the mac and cheese! I tried my friends sides and they were just as great! . . Everything from the food and service was just fantastic! Seeing how i took the time to write this review, it says that this place is worth going if you are ever in las Vegas! Now I'm going to end this review and i have a lot more to say, but it will eventually turn into a college thesis haha! Over all you must go! at least once in your life and you will truly not be disappointed! I give you my word on that, and i hope that would be enough..........
We sat at the bar and had drinks and appetizers which were wonderful.The staff were friendly and professional.The pork belly and the Kobe beef sliders were fantastic. Will defiantly return for dinner the next time.
My husband wanted to come to Gordon Ramsey Steak for a very special birthday because we are fans of his TV shows and wanted to see what his standards were like in real life.  We were not disappointed.  The food, drinks and service were excellent.  We started with two different soups, the beer based french onion and the asparagus with the parmesan custard and crab timbale.  Both were unique and delicious. My husband had the bone in rib eye steak with a peppercorn sauce and I had the signature beef wellington - med rare is how this is served so be careful if that isn't your preference.  The cosmopolitan cocktail I had there was one of the best I had in Las Vegas with fresh squeezed juice which makes all the difference.  Finally, we enjoyed the British flag painted on top of the ceiling with the red neon lightning coming out and the sort of loud but fun club kind of music playing.  It was a good time and we will definitely be back.  The hostesses at the front of the house need a bit more training though - not sure how they were planning on finding us in the casino if we hadn't checked back a couple of times.  Just cute isn't good enough - right Gordon?  This place is worth the price and we will definitely be back!
First I would like to say that I love Gordon Ramsay, and I mean with a deep abiding love. Please take that as a warning that this review may be slanted. But not really because this restaurant is so awesome, so beautiful, so everything, that if you don't make this a stop on your trip through Sin City, then you have just missed the best restaurant you're going to find here.. . If it isn't apparent, I'm a huge fan of steak restaurants. I love them like I love GR. So how perfect is it that he gave us this glorious restaurant for our very own? I KNOW.. . Let me begin by saying that if you want to know what great service is, start here. I'm pretty sure GR put the fear of death into these servers because they don't miss a beat. You ask for nothing, you send nothing back. Why? Because the amazing thing about this restaurant is just how perfect everything is. . . Walked in and as you're being escorted to your seat the hostess who is genuinely kind and informative, she points out some really nice touches. I'll let you find out what those are . She leads you through this tunnel-like entrance into the most beautiful restaurant; it gleams. It has this amazing staircase on either side of the restaurant. We were seated upstairs in the middle of this. It was the perfect location. Also, everyone is beautiful here. I'm pretty sure that wasn't planned, but thank you anyway. . . As we sit down, we're greeted IMMEDIATELY by our waiter. I'm not going to be redundant so I'll just say that everything that happened, happened IMMEDIATELY.  Ordered drinks, perfection. Bread selection, perfection (and so, so delicious, soft bread, imported English butter, ugh, I'm fat now), VERY cool drink menu that you look at on an iPad (and clever!), dinner menus, tasting menus, so much to choose from, it's like an adult candy store, except replace the candy with meat.  . . I had the 24 oz. bone-in ribeye with a side of foie gras (yikes - addictive). It was a large cut of meat so I didn't finish TODAY, but don't worry, it WILL be finished. It was perfectly seared on the outside and warm and red on the inside. It had the perfect amount of marbling and was just the most tender steak I've had in this town. Just outstanding. As a side I had sauteed spinach - perfect, perfect, perfect, and asparagus with morels, white asparagus puree and a veal demi-glace - outrageously perfect. My date had the most perfect baked potato I've ever seen. It was huge, almost a meal by itself. It came with toppings that really were unique (smoked gouda bechamel? Oh god) and delicious. It's by far the best potato anywhere I've ever been.. . Dessert. Oh my. I can't begin to describe what it did to my taste buds, but suffice it to say that the sticky toffee pudding cake had me melting into a puddle from the deliciousness. Try it, you'll love it. . . Let me end this by saying that I love Gordon...oh wait, no, what I wanted to say was that this restaurant is my brand new favorite. It really was an amazing experience that I can't wait to repeat! And soon!
My friend and I took a "girlfriends" week in Vegas and it was her idea to go to a celebrity chef restaurant.  We both gladly decided to go to Gordon Ramsay's Steak located in the Paris Hotel and Casino.  I can honestly say (and I've said this to everyone who has asked me) that this was the absolute BEST meal I've ever had in my life....I believe it was as close to PERFECT as any meal can be.  I startedout with a vodka martini with these amazing "hamburger olives" which was a green olive cut in half and restuffed with Blue Cheese and Bacon....OMG!!!! I must have embarrassed myself with smiles because the waitress brought over an extra one saying that I had "too much fun with the first one."  I told her when it came time to order dinner that I would just go with the kitchen recommendation or the dish they were best known for, so that turned out to be the Beef Wellington.  It was truly the best think I've ever had!  The filet was perfection and the pastry was perfect!  While we waited for the entry, a plate of bread samples arrived which were amazing...I've been searching like crazy for the recipes ever since.  For dessert we split the Sticky Toffee Pudding with Brown Butter Ice Cream.....also a must!  The entire meal made my mouth water and kept me in a continuous smile.  The ambiance was so cool as you travel through the "tube" from Paris into London.  We sat in the bar as reservations were booked for 4 days straight, so don't dispair if you can't get a reservation.  The full menu is served in the bar and you just have to wait for a table which took all of about 10 minutes.. . I would recommend the exact meal I described here, but I trust that anything would be delicious and amazing!. . Enjoy!
The Ambiance is modern and upscale, yet intimate steakhouse. All steak selections are a la carte.  Wine selection was good, and a nice list of house cocktails. Our host was impeccable, answered all of our questions about wine, pairings, steaks and specialties. . The Food: BEST mac & cheese I've ever had at a restaurant. I got the bone in Ribeye, it was perfect! Fresh, perfectly seasoned and cooked. . Prices are high, but well worth it!
We are fans of Gordon Ramsay's Hells Kitchen, my husband and I were celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary on July 27th and eagerly chose this restaurant - we both loved it !  The presentation was fantastic, the ambience wonderful and we had one of the greatest waiters we have ever encountered, Dennis. Dennis wasfantastic and had a great sense of humor. First you are given an ipad to order your drinks, then the cuts of beef are beautifully displayed and described for you to choose from. For an appetizer, my husband ordered the Onion soup and he thought it was fantastic, he was almost done with it when he realized there was no cheese in it.. he didn't even miss it.  For my appetizer I enjoyed the Lobster with Chorizo.   For the main entree we ordered the porter house steak for two, the steak was tender, juicy, seared perfectly on the outside... just thinking about it now makes my mouth water. Did I say Dennis was great, he made our anniversary very special and we appreciated it very much. We coupled our meal with some nice Red wine, unfortunately we were full and didn't have room for desert - but no worries we will be back end of Sept !!!
Love, Love, Love Gordon Ramsey! Ignore the TV personality and you've got a chef with high standards that loves to cook. That being said, I had to try this restaurant.. Hubby got us flights, I made the reservation and it was off to LV last Saturday evening for dinner after a family yard sale that didn't even pay for the cab ride!. We were seated in a booth that was cozy and gave us a view of the Union Jack and the red squiggly light thingy on the ceiling. We were told it was the knife cuts created while preparing the Beef Wellington. Interesting..... Cool iPad menu for the drinks! Too bad it didn't have pics of the food menu as well. But we got a good look at most of the dishes as they passed us by. I had to try the Beef Wellington since he seems to be such a stickler about the dish on Hell's Kitchen. I've prepared the version on his iPad app but never really had one before that.  The dish was on the Chef's tasting menu so we ordered that, mine with the wine and hubby without. . The Amuse was a Scotch Egg. I loved how the velvelty yolk calmed the acid in the red wine braised cabbage. Fantastic with the Champagne. The Heirloom Tomatoes were fresh and juicy. The basil crystals were delicious! Very ingenious!. Next course was the asparagus soup. You know how veggie soups are always overcooked veggies blended with an overpowering amount of butter and cream to the point that the only thing about the soup that's remotely vegetable is the color? Wow! Delicious asparagus concoction surrounding a parmesan custard. The dungeness crab was just enough and the pickled white asparagus gave a bright acidity that matched the beauty of the plate!. Finally! The Wellington! Cooked perfectly! The beef was so tender and the pastry was cook through. I could've licked my plate but I settled for using the different yummy breads we were given to wipe up the delicious red wine demi glace. The Melon Panna Cotta was a light refreshing end to a truly wonderful meal. But we kept seeing the other fantastic desserts pass by so we HAD to try them with coffee.. French pressed coffee with chocolate liquor covered spoons: Amaretto, Baileys and Chambord! Yum Yum Yum! A plate of Bannoffee Tarts and another of Toffee Pudding were placed in front of us and we immediately fought over the Toffee Pudding. OOOhhh so wicked! The toffee that is. The Bannoffee was more of a deconstruction of the actual pie. I would've preferred the actual pie. The bananas were turning black and there was only a smear of the toffee on the plate. . A truly wonderful dinner to celebrate my 41st!  Our waiter, Matthew, was very attentive and even brought the meat cart to show us what we had missed. So we HAVE to return so I can take a stab at that rib eye! And swim in another bowl of that lovely asparagus soup!
For starters I'm torn on my stars...It really should be like 4 7/8's (We had some service stumbles) I'll get to that later.. We planned a wedding in Vegas and the dinner afterwards was for my wife and I,the best man/brides maid an a spouse.. We got there a little early and had a seat at the bar, I asked the bartender what she recommended and she asked me if I was looking for something sweet, An I told her that I was more of a savory taste kind of guy. That is when she recommended a gin based basil infused rock candy drink with cucumber juice, If it wasn't for the fact that it was fifteen dollars I would have ordered 15 more.. Then out of no where some young lady called to me by first name an told us that are table was ready.. We got to are table and that's when the first hiccup happen, We sat there for about 15 mins before someone came to the table to even greet us, An it wasn't even are waiter.. So I figured are guy was busy and I let it slide. When are guy did arrive he gave us that stupid little Ipad so we could order drinks...An then told us that the meat cart was being used and it would be awhile before he could get it, because "seeing the meat may make you change your mind on what you are going to order". Well really it didn't..but we had to wait, cause the guy just diapered.. When he did get back it was probably another 20 mins..... So35 mins later we now had the chance to order but not before the 10 min speech of what kind of meat was on this cart.. So anyway....... Well having been in the industry I told my table to order everything that they wanted an let them send it out when it was needed.(that in itself is a gamble but I didn't not want to wait another 25 mins just to get an app). So having placed our entire order some 20 mins later my soup an app came out at the same time as did for the rest of my table. With my waiter no where to be found.. then some 30 seconds later my waiter did arrive an lean over to me an apologizes for the double dip saying that it was only suppose to be the soups that arrived...We are pretty low drama kind of people so I said no worries but it still kind a pissed us off.. So after we all finished our soups and moved to are app, we placed are pretty big size soup bowls in the middle of the table and their they sat foooorrrrrrreeeevvvvvvvrrrrrr . An when we all finished are apps.....Those plates sat in front of us....fooooorrrreeevvvvrrrrr..... So I don't know if it was busy in the back...Maybe are guy was new but no service then over service, kind stunk.. I ordered. 1)Asparagus soup. dungeness crab, parmesan custard, pickled white asparagus, smoked salmon caviar... The asparagus was green so I couldn't figure out where it was suppose to be white..but let me tell you this was by far the best thing that ate this night.. 2)Smoked Beef Tartare. lemon zest, red onion, capers, guinness infused mustard seeds, yukon gold herb chips... The presentation was amazing because it comes in this smoke filled glass dome and they open table side. If you don't like capers stay away it was a bit over powering and with the home made chips the extra salt is almost an over kill.. 3)Roasted Beef Wellington. I mean what can I say, This is the dish that has made this guys career, It was everything that I hoped it to be an then some.. 4)Mac & Cheese. blue, cheddar, parmesan, truffle, This was simple amazing. It comes in a small stainless steel kettle and more them likely you will have enough to take home.. 5)Melon sorbet (maybe) My best man ordered the bread pudding that everyone is raving about so I went another route for 2 reasons. I just ate enough to kill a horse and knew that a bread pudding was going to be to heavy and...also giving the table a chance to see something different. An I was right, The bread pudding only got eaten 1/3 of the way an ended up in a box.. The sorbet was perfect,light,creamy,and a very very good pallet cleanser from the crab and the wellington.. The one redemption that I will give them is they over heard us talking about the wedding and when the sorbet arrived on the chocolate wafer read "Congratulations"  An they presented it to my wife, It was a nice touch and good catch by our waiter so I kind of let him off the hook on the hiccups.. With all that being said it's Gordon Ramsay and it was amazing!. We dropped a good buck that night  but I would do it all over again,having never been to a place owned by my idol.. If your there and don't mind spending...Go you won't regret it. hopefully the service will work itself out in the coming months because I do see that it is a issue in most of the posts.. Now only if I could have heard him screaming "It's bloody raw you ass". That would have made my night.. Cheers.
I already put all this in my blog that I'm writing about cooking my way through a Gordon Ramsay cookbook, but when I see negative things and the nit picky reviews I felt I was too late in posting this. . . I couldn't wait to visit this restaurant because I am so amazed by GR.  I tried very hard to not have my expectations too high because like others here, I didn't want to have one little thing go wrong and my whole night ruined, but try as I might my expectations were through the roof. They weren't too high, because they were met and 10 fold more. Below is my review . . Finally 5pm on Monday night.  We check in at the front and the hostess says "oh I see you're big fan" to which I reply "indeed I am". Then she says "well we have a special seat for you"  And where does she take me?  Right in front of the pass!  OMG it just can't get any better, not only am I here, but I'm getting to see everything right up front and personal.  So exciting.. . Next we ordered drinks. How cool is it that they give you the drink menu on an iPad?  It was very cool. Don't try taking them though, they're locked down.  (no I didn't try to take one). . They brought us a plate of complementary breads which were clearly an indication of the wonderful food we were about to partake of.  They were so good!. . Next order of business is to order an appetizer I had scoured the menu before we got there, so I pretty much knew I wanted to try the British Ale Onion soup.  I chose right. This soup is so good, full of sweet onions, Boddington's English Ale, and topped with Welsh rarebit. YUM!  must look for a recipe.  I have to tell you the customer service here is bar non the best I've ever had anywhere.  Chuck had to go up to our room to get a decongestant and while he was gone the sous chef was looking for him because his soup was ready, and I told the gentleman that he could just leave it and he'd be right there.  Well he wouldn't hear of it, he waited for about three minutes and threw away the soup sitting at the pass and brought a new one when Chuck sat back down. CRAZY!. . Next came time for us to order our steaks, and they wheeled out this cart of the most amazing meat I have ever seen!. . Chuck had the American Kobe rib cap and I had a beef wellington.  I just had to have this also since Gordon Ramsay seems to take the dish so seriously, and I really couldn't see myself ordering it anywhere else.  I am not going to lie, the fillet inside of that was so tender you could eat it with a spoon!  I don't recall ever having a steak so good.  I probably wouldn't have wellington again simply because of how much bread is on the outside of it. Too much for me to eat.  I also ordered a buttered poached lobster tail as an accompaniment for my steak but I really should have done crab legs for only 3 dollars more.  I am not much of a lobster fan, but I figured if it was going to be good some place this would be the place. The taste was good, but it was still a lobster tail that to me seamed tough. *shrug* Not to mention that for $35.00 you'd expect it to be bigger than a prawn, and it wasn't. . . Even that little bit was a tad disappointing, it was still very good, and since there was so much else, Chuck and I split the bite of lobster and finished up our steaks, which again were AMAZING. . . We decided to have another cocktail and let our food settle because we had our heart set on trying the English stickee toffee pudding and browned butter ice cream. The staff there was so nice both the head chef and the head sous chef came and chit chatted a little bit and told me what a gentle person GR is and definitely a genius in the kitchen. Duh I knew this.  Just a relaxing non assuming nor stuffy atmosphere at all. . . All I can say about this dessert is my husband said "OMG F*ck strawberry shortcake" Which until now was his favorite. . . Well goodbye Gordon Ramsay, until we meet again *sigh* . . The take away from this was that I don't think I'll ever enjoy something like I did that night. Not just because of the place it was, but because I was with the love of my life.  He was so happy to spend that evening with me. I truly am a blessed woman.  I love you honey. . . The only negative that I can say, were the other guests of the restaurant. PEOPLE yes I know you're in Las Vegas, but have some F*cking class.  You don't go to a 5 star restaurant, dressed in shorts and flip flops with crying toddlers.
We were excited to hear that Gordon Ramsey's new restaurant would be opening while we were in town, so of course we had to give this place a try!. . Service was superb!  Kudos to our server, Adrian and his assistant, Conrad!  They were very informative about everything on the menu.  I like how their drink menu is an actual iPad that they bring over to your  table!  So techy!. . My hubby ordered the Beef Wellington while I ordered the 24 ounce bone-in Ribeye steak.  My ribeye steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly that it didn't need any sauce (although I did order a side of Bernaise sauce).  Even the charring on my ribeye steak was perfect!  This was also our first time trying the Beef Wellington and we didn't care for it too much.  It comes cooked medium rare.  I guess it's an acquired taste, so we just shared the ribeye steak.  . . We ordered the loaded baked potato and truffle Mac and cheese for our sides.  The Mac and cheese is to die for!  The baked potato, on the other hand, was huge but a bit on the dry side.. . Awesome dining experience overall!  Will definitely be back when we're in town again!
Service was impeccable.Even though the restaurant had onlybeen open a couple of days, we were seated within twenty minutes of showing up. Ribeye was great. Perfectly cooked with wonderful flavor. I enjoyed the asparagus side, and my mojito was awesome!  My parents also enjoyed their steaks, sides, and drinks immensely. I will be back every time I'm in Vegas.
The food was incredible more than i expected, the service was amazing, Chris was really nice to me and my wife, he brought us more of the apricot bread we loved, congrats Ramsey! best wishes on your new restaurant!
Ok so that has to be the most amazng meal I have ever had! The tartar was amazing. The wellington was as good as it looks on tv. I don't know what else to say. Amazing!!
Get the beef wellington and you will never want to eat anywhere ever again. Fantastic service too!
Presentation of  food and drinks is very interesting, order as much dishes, each dish is presented uniquely. Place has a very good vibe, feels very welcoming and friendly wait staff.
This was by far the best dining experience I have had. The reservation for 9 people was at 8pm on a Friday night and we were seated by 8:05. As I walked in I heard someone say that it was the best steak he had ever had, and I soon came to agree.. .  The service was outstanding with the waiter taking the time to have conversations with us and answering questions about many things rather than just serve and leave. It actually didn't take long at all for anything. The only part I would have been able to do without was the meat cart. By the time he went to get it everyone knew what they wanted to order and I don't find looking at a large cart of raw cuts of steak very appealing, but I'm sure in the future we can just request to have that skipped. The bread was wonderful and there was a variety which is nice. The water was bottled and imported from the UK and we were given a choice of the type (sparkling or still). The beverage menu was on an iPad which was cool because you could just order on there rather than wait for the waiter. The steak was amazing and the loaded baked potato was huge and also delicious.. . I highly recommend this restaurant if you are in Vegas. You won't be disappointed.
Where shall i begin? How can i even start to describe service, food. ambiance perfection? . The Gordon Ramsay Steak is everything i expected. . I recommend the Beef Wellington, the lobster appetizer is amazing. . Reservations are a MUST! Or you can show up 15-30 minutes before 5pm and try to grab a seat at the bar or lounge. . The best part? Gordon Ramsay himself walked in during our visit and i had the pleasure of seeing the man at work, met him and talked to him. MOST humble, kindest, sweetest, funniest celebrity i have ever met.. FIVE stars, Gordon is worth a million stars. Go here, you wont regret it.
Honestly, one of the most memorable meals i have ever had.. Mainly because i got to meet the man himself (Gordon) and watch him at work, never mind the delicious giant steak cooked to perfection.... Reservations are a must here people!! It is the new hot spot in Vegas. I read so many reviews of people who were upset they werent seated at the time of reservation, cant get in, etc..Its becasue people come inside and dont want to leave, great drink/wine selection and the toffee pudding is a must have.. BEST steak in Vegas, great service, MUST make reservations and keep in mind its booked two weeks in advance as of right now (aug 27th).. Anyone rating this a one star is crazy, the ambiance, the scene and food/wine selection alone is worth more than 1 star. Amazing restaurant, My steak (Rib eye) was huge, cooked medium and to perfection! CANT SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THIS PLACE!. Oh yah, one last thing -a hip and cool scene, dont come here with great grandma and the kids and rate the restaurant 1 star because its too busy and loud.
We have made reservations 2months in advance for our 5 year wedding Anniversary, When we arrived the hostesses were very friendly didn't have to wait for it being a Saturday @6pm. As we walked in they explained the art in the restaurant and it felt like I was in  Gordon's house. We had the best seat in the house. By the kitchen also got to see people come in and out which I find amazing.. . Our server was Donny he was awesome very Friendly I like his attitude and made our 5 year wedding anniversary very special. I had the Rib Cap 8oz. medium-well it was very tender and juicy all the way til the last bit!  My Husband had the T-Bone steak it was very tender as well. We also had fired corn (amazing) and asparagus (amazing too) . . . Dessert: Was AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We had the sticky toffee pudding OMG it was amazing. I never had a dessert like that in my life Donny our server he recommended it to us. It was a awesome choice Thank you Donny!!!!
One word: Wow.  What a great place to eat!  My wife and I are big Gordon Ramsay fans, so I insisted that we visit the new place for dinner during our last trip to Vegas.  We were not able to get reservations because the pace was booked for the whole weekend, but we did find it relatively easy to get seats at the bar.  The bartender was absolutely great.  She made us these drinks (cant remember the name) with muddled blueberries in it, antioxident something or other, that was oh so good even to me who does not enjoy fruity drinks (whiskey please)!  Since it is one of the favorite things for Ramsay, I had to try the Beef Wellington which more than lived up to my expectations.  My friend had the New York strip which he said was excellent, and my wife even had some kind of gourmet baked potato (always watching her already outstanding figure).  Prepare to bring money though, our tab for 3 people was over $360.  Good thing we were in vegas so I could try and win some of that money back!  I didn't.
This is my first (and possibly only) five star rating. I have a very stringent scale for rating, and only hand out high marks for the best of the best. That being said, here's my review:. . My friends and I met inVegas to have a fun weekend in June 2012, and they left most of the planning up to me. I searched around and came across the fact that Gordon Ramsay had a steak house there. I'm a huge fan of GR (but not Hell's Kitchen, more Master Chef), so I couldn't pass up the chance to check it out. I made the reservations and was able to keep it a surprise to the others until the moment we pulled up in our cab. They totally freaked out, which was gratifying, and I knew I had made the right choice.. . The Service: We stood in the reservation line to be seated, and took in the decor. It's awesome. We were promptly seated, and ready to start our GR Steak adventure. The wait staff was phenomenal. They catered to our every need. They asked if we'd like to review the tasting menu, and explained that if one of us ordered it, we all would have to. However, I was there for steak, so we turned it down. Then our main waiter presented the menu, explained some of our options, and brought us the meat cart. I think I died and went to heaven.. . I'd like to stop here and give a huge shout out to the assistant waiter. He never left our water glasses empty, filled our wine glasses promptly, and did a fabulous job of making sure we were taken care of. I'd also like to explain the water pouring process, which included the server putting a napkin towards the customer when pouring so that no water was splashed on to the patron. Now that's some fancy stuff right there.. . The head sommelier (wine expert dude) came to our table. He wanted to introduce himself and ask if we had any questions. We actually did. The extensive wine list, presented to our table on an iPad (an iPad for the love of god!), was overwhelming for people who don't know wine from blowing bubbles. We told him what we liked and he personally fetched us a bottle of wine to sample. When we weren't quite satisfied with the flavor, he personally mixed us our own bottle using two different kinds of wine (don't ask, because I don't know). It was fabulous, and the price tag didn't give me a heart attack. . . The Food. Our table of four ordered the seafood platter as an appetizer, which was presented on an ice sculpture placed onto a pewter octopus. You may want to re-read that line because of the sheer awesomeness it entails. The platter included king crab leg, lobster tail, oysters, clams, and giant prawns. Tears of joy are streaming down my face as I write this.. . For our meals two of us ordered the Kobe rib cap, one of us ordered the Kobe filet, and who cares what the fourth one ordered because I wanted to steal that filet and run out of the restaurant with it and make love to it. Seriously. It was that good. We also ordered the grilled asparagus, the mashed potatoes, two of the smashed fingerling potatoes, a bone marrow sauce for our steaks, creamed spinach, and the mac and cheese. This was too much food. You really only need two, maybe three, sides to feed four adults. I'm fat, so you can trust me on this. I would pare it down to the asparagus, the fingerling potatoes, and the mac & cheese. In my opinion, those were the best ones.. . Overall: This was the best (and most expensive) meal of my life, and I'll probably never get to go again. But it was worth it. It's been more than 2 months since I've been there, and I can still write this fabulous review with all of these details, because I've thought about it every day since.. . (edited for typos - sorry!)
TLDR: Order the onion soup, scotch egg, foie gras, kobe filet and sticky toffee pudding with a slice of cheese cake on top. Ask for Thomas.. . This review is a compilation of 3 (yes 3) visits made over the course of a 1 week stay in Vegas. During this time our group sampled nearly everything on the menu save the cold shellfish and caviar. Much gratitude goes to our trip's host and hostess for treating the group tothis experience.. . Ambiance / Decor: As others have mentioned, the design of this place is excellent. Well thought out style, we really liked the tunnel feel as you walked through yet were able to observe everything from the top floors. The music is mostly British rock / indie / pop and was a bit too loud if you were seated in an open table. On our last visit we were seated in one of the semi-circle booths on the top floor. This made a massive difference in being able to hear any see everyone. Request when you make your reservation if your party is 4+. . Waiters: Every one of our waiters rocked. Tony, Donny and Sean, each brought their own flare of friendly banter, excellent food suggestions and superb attention to detail. They were careful to explain that the Kobe beef is Kobe-style. It is from Nebraska and the cows there share genetics traits similar to those in  Kobe Japan. So no, this is not true authentic Kobe beef (you'd have to go to Japan for that as it is not exported to the states), just similar.. While eating I noticed that the majority of the waiters looked very similar; white males, late 20s/early 30s, brown hair, medium build. I asked our waiter that night why there were no female waitresses. The answer he (won't say who) gave cracked us up. Feel free to ask, ymmv.. . Sommelier: I thought our host was going to enter into an intimate bromance with Thomas our Sommelier. This guy can do no wrong. In addition to excellent pairing that you would expect from a seasoned Sommelier, Thomas also treated us to a bit of history behind the wines we tried and was happy to answer questions. Thomas was also sensitive to how much one was willing to spend and made suggestions based around that. Be sure to have Thomas suggest a desert wine, you won't regret it.. . Soup/Salad/Bread: Everyone raves about the asparagus soup. Yes it is delicious. But it wasn't my favorite. The onion soup however was a knockout, for a soup it's a good size portion that I recommend sharing with someone if you're going the full 4 course. The Heirloom tomatoes were excellent as well, never had tomatoes this tastee. All the bread was quite good, the butter had this black salt sprinkled on it that gave it a nice flavor. . . Appetizers: All the appetizers are relatively small. Kobe sliders (best slider you've ever had) come 2 per plate. The lobster had this sweet sauce that made me want to lick the plate. If you've never had foie gras before, you must try this one. After neatly decorating a mini english muffin with foie gras, jam and bacon bits my friend said the look on my face after eating it might as well said "wtf, how did they do that?". Also the scotch egg, I would almost hesitate to recommend this if you've never had one before because it would be unfair to compare Gordon Ramsay's Scotch egg to anyone else's. Do yourself a favor, try the Scotch Egg at the Public House in the Venetian before you come here.. . Main Course: On the first visit my date ordered the Kobe-style Filet, as an experiment to see how different the flavor would be, I ordered the regular filet. Upon trying my filet I was wisked away to a magical place of melting delicousness in my mouth, nothing could ruin this for me. Upon returning from my cloud I was offered some of the Kobe filet .. and my world crashed. How is this possible that 2 cuts of meat from the same place but different cow could taste so different. So much more nuance and subtlety in the Kobe-style, it is worth the addition 20 some bucks (hopefully if you're eating here, you're not on a tight budget). . Other meats also sampled were the Kobe-style flank steak; excellent! Not anywhere near as tender as the filet but the flavors were deep and complex I almost ordered this for myself on the third visit but instead opted for the chicken.. The chicken is served in a tikki massala. I've never ordered chicken tikki massala outside an Indian restaurant so I am used to a heavy cream sauce. The sauce in this dish is a little clearer and heavy on spices. It requires a good beverage pairing be that beer or wine to really get it to the next level.. . Desert: The desert appears to be seasonal with a heavy emphasis on fruit as would be expected at this time of year. The standout as others have mentioned is the sticky toffee pudding. The cake is drenched in brown sugar deliciousness and accompanied by brown butter ice cream. Everyone at our table after the first visit thought this was unbeatable .. until our waiter on the third visit; Tony suggested that we order it with a slice cheesecake on top of the cake. Game. Set. Mat
This place was great! Food was pricey...but it's a restaurant of a. Celebrity chef so what do you expect?? The food was worth every. Penny!!!!! . The staff was great! Our server Adriene was a crack up.. Professional yet friendly!. Before we ordered Adriene asked was anyone allegic to anything.... Might not sound like a big deal to you... But for us who have severe allergies to certain foods..... it was a big deal!. . I would go back here for sure.... As long as I get . Adriene.. Oh and the professor( inside joke)
to help celebrate our one year wedding anniversary, the wife and i had to kick it off w/ a delicious meal.  the evening before, we stuffed ourselves at Batali's B&B, so Ramsay would have some big shoes to fill.  we also had to rush dinner just a tad in order to catch le reve later that evening.. . upon walking in, the decor was fresh, vibrant and just plain cool.  our server was great.  he asked if we had any time constraints and he said that we would have just enough time to enjoy our meal.. . we started off w/ a couple glasses of wine and the super tasty pastry sampler they brought out.  wow, these little bites were phenomenal.  i especially liked the bonito flake infused pastry puff and the truffle pastry, served w/ rock salted butter.  hell yeah!. . although i was tempted to try the rib cap steak, i was dying to try the fish n chips.  i LOVE me some fried fish and french fries!  and when they're truffle fries, how can you go wrong?  the dish did not disappoint.  the white fish filets, w/ the tail still left on, were perfectly battered and cooked.  topped w/ what i think was a caper, olive tapenade, type relish and tartar sauce, smeared under the fish, it was absolutely perfect.  the tang, salty and slight sweetness of the condiments balanced well w/ the fried fish.  and the fries, c'mon, the truffle fries were absolutely divine.  just wish they gave a little more.. . the wife had the prime beef filet topped w/ the peppercorn sauce.  we also had the butter sauteed spinach.  the steak was a little undercooked but still delish and was perfect when we ate the leftovers the next morning after nuking it!  (eaten w/ our bacon mac and cheese via room service!  but i digress...). . service was excellent.  the assistant wait staff were always around to refill our waters or to get us anything else we needed.  and of course our server was great, too.. . to finish the meal, we tried the peach medley dessert.  it's peaches done three ways; sorbetto, streusel, and these tasty ice cream sandwiches.  all super yums.  and guess what?  upon walking out the restaurant, we had made perfect time to go pick up our tickets.  couldn't have asked for more.
BAM! Oooops. Wrong guy. I've never seen Gordon's TV shows, but damn, that food was good. AND the only thing better than the food was the service. Donnie deserves a Yelp shout-out. We will definitely be asking forhim when we return.
This was simply the best. . . And I don't think I need to go into all the details here, seeing that there are plenty of Yelpers! Who can describe the experience for me :D . . But I will say, the service was impeccable, Gordon Ramsays Wellington was by far the best piece of meat I believe you will ever try. Even for a fillet, it was packed with so much flavor. With not a fiber of fat on it, cut like wet, juicy meat sponge, and just dissolved on your tongue. The NY cut was also probably one of the more tender pieces of a NY I have also ever had. Marbling was wonderful. A true test for La Freida Meats... They win in my book. . . The wife's Market Green Salad was delicious, even if it was just a house salad. I truly recommend the Pork Belly appetizer also. The rendered fat, with the succulent piece of meat on it, combined with the sauteed swiss chard...a wonderful salty, nutty, sweet experience.  . . And I am so happy for our waiters assistant for constantly reminding us about the Sticky Toffee Pudding. Of course all of the reviews and photos on here didn't steer us away from it either. Along with the dessert, the Columbian Roast steeped freshly from the French Press was out of this world. . . Would definitely return. Don't let go of what you have here GR.
Ive been to 4 Gordon Ramsay restaurants: Gordon Ramsay London (Royal Hospital Road), Tokyo at the Conrad hotel, New York at the London Hotel and Los Angeles at the London Hotel and this is my fifth Gordon Ramsay restaurant visited.  . . I'd have to say that out of the 5 restaurant Gordon Ramsay Steak in Las Vegas was the friendliest by far.  Every server, cocktail server and host were excited to be working there and were fans of Gordon Ramsay and his television shows.. . Our server was Donnie, and he did everything he could to make sure it was the best meal ever.  He chatted with us about Gordon Ramsay and recommended courses, he even made sure that we were able to taste the Toffee Pudding (which was amazing) even though we had paid for a tasting menu with a different dessert..   . The sommelier was also very friendly and brought us a great wine at request.  He noticed that we were twins and mentioned that his older brothers were twins.  We arrived early for our reservation and were told we could sit in the lounge so we ordered some signature cocktails (Pimms very nice and HK antioxidant - which was probably the best drink), and we were seated next to some patrons who were having dinner and the conversation was easy if you watch any of Gordon Ramsay's shows.  They said that this dinner was by far their best experience in Vegas so far.. . After explaining that we'd been to other Gordon Ramsay restaurants our server explained that the scrambled neon light in the center of the Union Jack on the roof of the restaurant was actually a recording of Gordon Ramsay's movements while making a Beef Wellington.  He explained that he was new and another sever Ian had explained that to him.  Later in the meal, Ian came by to same "hi" and he was super nice just like everyone at this restaurant.. . The food was amazing.  We had the tasting menu with an amuse bouche of a scotch egg (made with a quail's egg) and the best salad any of us have ever had, with heirloom tomatoes and cheese, then the main course of Beef Wellington and a melon sorbet dessert.  The food was really delicious and well thought out.. . We will definitely come again, we're hoping to do our rehearsal dinner here for our upcoming wedding in Vegas.  Thank you Donnie, Ian and everyone who made our experience so memorable! :-D
8/30/2012 5:15pm reservation, seated promptly.. . What can I say that hasn't already been said?  Gordon Ramsay Steak in the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas is a phenomenal restaurant!  From the decor (I am a Brit so I appreciated the Union Jack on the ceiling!) to the service to the outstanding food, everything was perfection.  The service was similar to high end restaurants such as Boulud in NYC; attentive but not overbearing.  . . The trolley of meat was a great way to introduce the cuts of beef, especially the rib cap with which we were not familiar.  Our main waiter, Donnie, was extremely patient with our endless questions, and we never felt rushed or steered towards ordering something specific.. . The waiters' excellent communication really became apparent when, after I had ordered the Beef Wellington (which they claim takes 45 minutes to make as they make it from scratch) and the waiter, Jose, brought the bread out and explained that one of the rolls had pancetta baked into it and we said we didn't eat pork, the main waiter, Donnie, immediately came out and explained that the Beef Wellington had prosciutto in it.  So I was sad that I didn't get to try the Beef Wellington but very glad I didn't find the pork when I cut into it!. . I ordered the 8oz filet instead, against my usual principles because filet is often not cooked all that well in restaurants.  But I was wrong....so wrong!  Cooked to perfection (just to medium), it was the tastiest filet I had ever eaten...and I ate every last morsel!. . My husband and son shared the 32oz Porterhouse and my other son tried the Beef Short Rib braised in red wine.  We also ordered 3 side dishes: roasted corn with lime, fingerling potatoes and sauteed mushrooms.  All the food was outstanding in terms of flavor and texture.. . As Donnie explained to us, the Prime Beef is aged 28 days with pink Himalayan salt crystals.  I am not a huge fan of very aged beef but this was not gamey at all and tasted wonderful!. . I would have to agree with another reviewer who pointed out the very sad green spinach-like garnish that somehow took away from the sheer beauty of the steaks but this was a minor issue.  Chef Ramsay, when steak is this good, there is no reason to dress it up!. . Of course, after this meatfest, we all claimed we didn't have room for dessert but we had heard the Sticky Toffee Pudding was to die for so, despite not being big fans of said dessert, we ordered it anyway.....well, were we surprised!  The bread pudding was incredible, not too sweet but sweet enough, with brown butter ice cream that was served to look like a stick of butter!  That and the French press coffee with the chocolate spoons were the perfect end to an outstanding meal!. . This rounded off a lovely trip to Vegas and we felt very satisfied (and a little sleepy!) as we waited to board our red eye home later that night!
Probably one of the top 3 best Steaks I've ever eaten-here, NYC, Miami, LA, etc all cities combined.  They bring a cart over so you can see the cuts of meat and decide on what you like. My friend and I split the bone in Ribeye and it was still HUGE!!!!  The fingerling potatoes were my biggest shocker of the evening b/c I typically find them boring, but these were multicolored, flavored and salted to perfection.. . The heirloom tomato and pickle dressing salad is amazing, we landed up ordering another one for the table.  There were only 4 of us, but it was THAT good. Our waiter was amazing and we sat at a booth by the kitchen so we could see all the action that was coming in and out. It was a friend of mines birthday and they held the cake for us and then sang to her. Executed perfectly. . . The only thing we did not like was the Fish dish.  The fish was like sea bass, I guess, something like that. Smelled very fish and came with his scaly tail still on [YUCK].  My friend sent it back and ordered her 3rd tomato salad for the evening. . . Decor is very trendy & you definitely need to plan a head with a reservation!!!!
I recently had the privilege to dine at Gordon Ramsay Steak and am amazed at just how wonderful of a dining experience I had. The wait staff were wonderful, attentive, as well as very informative on every dish offered on their menu and the food was just fantastic. A symphony of flavors that came together to create one of the greatest meals I have ever eaten. Thank to everyone who made this the best dining experience of my life.
It's Gordon Ramsay's place....enough said. The drinks were beautiful and strong. The service was great. We had very high expectations of the food, and it was even better than we thought it would be. We are huge fans of GR so eating in his restaurant was an honor....and now we are ruined for any other steaks! Haha
I've been to some of the Best Steak Houses that Beverly Hill's and Las Vegas have to offer and Gordon Ramsay's Steak just topped them all with their Kobe Rib Cap.  Absolutely Amazing!
My family and I were extremely pleased with Gordon's steak house at the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas. From start to finish the team there did an excellent job. Richard Andrew took care of us during our visit and we wanted for nothing. . . Being a fan of Hell's Kitchen I opted for the Beef Wellington although every cut of steak they brought out on the cart looked superb. And what can I say about the sides.... The MAC and CHEESE was AMAZING!!!!
A WONDERFUL Las Vegas  Restaurant !!!!!!. . Fun atmosphere, the waiters are very charming and delightful, the food is outstanding.. . You must try the British Onion Ale Soup and the Sticky Toffee Pudding !!!!!. THE BEST.
5 stars; absolutely amazing experience from start to finish! Our table sampled everything from the Beef Wellington, lamb, mac and cheese, and seafood platter: it was all outstanding. Very great service from our host (I forget his name), but he was extremely knowledgeable and good humored. This is a place I would list as a Vegas must-do!
Flawless service.  Food perfectly prepared.  A true dining experience.
Best meal I've had in Las Vegas!. . Believe all the good reviews because it's simply just that good.. . I had the filet and it was just perfect. I can't wait to go back when I have more time and order the beef wellington (it take 45 minutes).. . Also you absolutely have to try the Sticky Toffee Pudding, it's simply amazing.. . Loved it, worth every penny!
Worth every penny spent! Our pair of servers, Ian and Chris, were knowledgeable and respectful, such great service from them calmed my nerves that I got from reading some of the negative reviews here. . . We got the tasting menu which included scotch eggs, asparagus soup, heirloom tomatoes, wellies, and the melon pans cotta. Every dish was as good as I thought it'd be, some even better! We also got a cup of coffee to end this wonderful meal, and I thoroughly enjoyed the cute ABC dipping chocolates that came along with the drink. . . Will definitely be back once this seasons Hells Kitchen ends!
Oh. My. Word. . . This food is insanely good.. . INSANELY GOOD. It  is so good you will wish you were alone in a private room to enjoy it, because the sounds that come from your mouth will NOT be family-safe.. . This food is so good it could solve global warming. . . Worth the price. Worth every cent. WOW.
My wife and I went here for our wedding anniversary back in July and we had one of the most amazing dining experiences of my life.  I have a rather bad food allergy to onions of any kind which is an absolute drag when it comes to eating out as 98% of everything has onion of some form in it.  The crew at Ramsay Steak took care of me in a way I didn't know was possible by custom tailoring every dish I ordered to not have onion in it even if that meant changing the recipe for me which they did on several dishes that I really wanted to try.. . Fast forward to today 9/11/12 and we took my father-in-law out to dinner at Ramsay Steak.  He is a retired gourmet chef and absolutely loved everything just as much as my wife and I.  The foie gras he said was the best he's ever had at a restaurant before and he's traveled the world.  The best moment of the night was the epicurean orgasm on the first bite of the sticky toffee pudding.  Dad just stopped everything he was doing, reached a higher plane of existence for a while then came back to finish the desert.. . Add to all this that once again the fine group at Ramsay Steak took my lousy food allergy and worked around it, delivering a mind blowing meal and dining experience.  Bravo!
My boyfriend and I went and had dinner here because of course, it's Gordon Ramsay!!!  Let me tell you our server, Dennis (who is usually a Menace) was the BEST server we have ever had!!!! Our whole experience was the best!!! We truly think this was the BEST MEAL WE HAVE EVER HAD!!! We know the standards that Gordon Ramsay has, our experience well exceeded his standards!!! We will definitely be back ever time we visit Las Vegas!! We definitley think that the next time Gordon Ramsay is at Steak he should definitely commend Dennis on his Exceptional Service!!!! Dennis is our favorite server EVER!!!! Thank you Dennis and the rest of your staff for making this the best dinner we have EVER had!!!!
Would love to tell you about a Great Dinner experience I had at the Ramsay experience here in Las Vegas.. . We made a reservation for the restaurant and I was expecting it to be a wait because of the Fame and reviews it was getting online. . The wait was fine because I was sat in the lounge/bar area and had myself a cocktail before dinner and enjoyed the club/hip decor inside. . Thank the lord that I dressed up for this occasion which was just to eat at this restaurant. . Being that I am a HUGE Gordon fan I had set the bar extremely HIGH for this meal and dining experience. . Our waiter was very nice, we had iPad's as a menu which I loved the update for various reasons! ( I love iPad's) . I had a great selection of wine and was able to pair that to my dinner which was of course going to include a Beef Wellington. . I had the ALE ONION SOUP from HEAVEN!~ Hot creamy- with just enough to almost fill me up. The bread plate which was hard to resist was then devoured because as I said, we just could not resist it. . We also had the " beef Tartare" not for the weary of heart, which unfortunately for my husband he could not finish it. ( I on the other hand finished it ) the smoke infusion was EXTREME!!!. My wellington.... Oh my Wellington should be the name, I anticipated this for so long. It was nice and warm - almost not as hot as I would have liked it, but Warm enough for me to enjoy. I ate it all up and devoured the meat accordingly. I was very impressed with the taste and presentation of the dish.  I just did not have a big enough stomach for the night. . Low and behold though, a Desert to DIE FOR! I would go back again for the Toffee Desert it's AMAZING!!! It Melts, it Sings, it Oooozzes with Goodness, and then when you taste it, uhhh you can't help but Die... Happiest thing since I don't remember in my mouth as a adult. . A night cap and coffee at the end, pressed that is, and with 3 spoons to select from!. Tried them all and think I left there so happy I actually wanted to experience it all again!. A night out with a girl you are trying to empress, please have a Stash saved up because this place is the expensive one! Lol~ But it's well worth it at the sometime!
Best service and food I have had bar none. . . Donnie & Ian both gave my wife & I the best service you could ask for. If we had question about anything they knew the answer. Their wine and entree suggestions were impeccable. Cob Salad, Kobe Rip Cap & Toffy Desert by far the best meal I have had. Excited to go back next time I'm in town. . . If you have not gone to Gordan Ramsay Steak you are missing out.
God this place is good! From the absolutely perfect delectable food, hand-crafted cocktails & superb service- this place makes it in the top 2 of my best dining experiences ever. . . Wait staff is extremely attentive & highly knowledgeable. I love being able to look through the wine & cocktail list on an iPad too! Bread service is amazing! Love the variety & unique flavors (truffle & pancetta pinwheels are like crack they are so good!). . Being a HUGE fan of Gordon Ramsay I felt it proper to order the Beef Wellington. OMG This is definitely the best thing I have ever eaten! Perfect flaky pastry crust & melt-in-your-mouth perfectly cooked filet inside. My boyfriend wanted to sneak a bite & by the time he got around to I had inhaled it! The baked potato was as big as my head & smothered in smoked gouda bechamel with bacon. I could've bathed in that sauce it was so good. The boyfriend ordered the NY Strip with Foie Gras. Steak was again cooked perfectly & the seared foie gras melted as soon as it touched my tongue. Wish we had room for dessert!. . Loud, club-like atmosphere was perfect for our double-date dinner with friends before hitting up the casinos. GREAT service & worth every penny you spend! (Get a Total Rewards casino membership card before you go- they're free-and it will save you a few bucks per item.)
Totally wonderful experience, from the Champagne pouring for the toast, to the fabulous Sticky Toffee Pudding, for dessert. The staff was awesome! We had a group of 14 and were somewhat secluded from the main restaurant, which made our dining experience positively personal and enjoyable. The food was excellent. There was no rush to get us out. It was fabulous. I would recommend everyone have the opportunity to dine here and be treated like royalty. Thanks to Matthew, Steve and staff, for an unforgettable evening
I am a huge Gordon Ramsay fan and had to come here. I had a large party and we were seated in a privet area. I made all the reservations through email because I live out of town and it was so easy. The service was incredible. Matthew was his name and not only was he amazing but he made sure the team was too. The food was delicious. We were dieing over our beef wellingtons, the mac and cheese, dessert and everything in between. We also enjoyed had crafted cocktails that looked and tasted good. We even got meet Christina, winner from this seasons hells kitchen. She was so sweet and nice and it totally made my day.Thanks guys for making our night so special!!
OUT-FREAKING-STANDING!! . . I was so excited to eat here after my sisters wedding on 9/15/12.  Our family is total fans of Hell's Kitchen and could not wait to experience this restaurant.  My sister made the reservation, and for our party, a deposit was required. . . The entire staff that we encountered was exceptional, friendly and fun.  We were escorted to a private dining room (there were 14 of us).  It was intimate,  we were able to toast the newlyweds in private, and tell stories and laugh.  . . The music was perfect, lighting was awesome, and our server Matthew could not have treated us better.  Our champagne server was Steve. All of the serving staff was professional and quick.  The timing between the courses was perfect.  . . After watching  soooo much Hell's Kitchen, I could not wait to order the Beef Wellington to see what all the fuss was about.  Oh....I'll tell you, the "fuss" is that Beef Wellington is dang amazing.  I had the Primm's Cup drink with my dinner, and it was worth it.  Refreshing, and crisp, and I got a little buzz on.  The sticky toffee cake is a MUST....a MUST I tell you!!! . . And not only was our dinner and service amazing, but we received and extra special visit from Hell's Kitchen winner and head chef Christina Wilson!! By the end of our time at Gordon Ramsay's Steak, we felt like family there...and then.. we got the bill....just joking, it was totally worth the $$...$$$ :). . All in all, this experience was 10 stars.  It was a perfect ending to an already perfect day.  My gorgeous sister and her new husband had a beautiful wedding and I was honored that they invited us to share in their special day.  I would, without a doubt, recommend this restaurant to everyone.
Fantastic atmosphere and even better food. The Beef Wellington was outstanding. Also do not discount the Fish & Chips......Unbelievable.!!!!. Matthew was a very knowledgable and attentive waiter
From being greeted most cordially and professionally outside the restaurant we were taken through the 'Chunnel' which encompasses the bar as well on to our table...a maginificent booth which was one of four serpentine tables as if two S's were connected!  Services became stellar from the beginning from out water service by a charming man to being greeted by our warm and engaging server 'Dennis' to give us some highlights and offer us the cocktail 'I-Pad'...so cool.  As we were looking through the cocktails cyber-style, Jeff Eichelburger, the familiar Sommelier if you have dined anywhere nice in Vegas, poured some Champagne for my date and I and we breifly reminissed as we have worked together before.  We were in HEAVEN.. The steak cart arrived which offers the evening's choice of cuts on a circular device that looks like the London Eye, each platform in the circle with a mirror behind it to show the marbeling of each steak...jealous yet?. My dining companion who is a Pescatarian, opted for the Black Bass and I chose the bone in New York which is a large beautiful nearly 2in thick steak.. For starters we shared the fried oysters served in their shells with a lovely creamy cold sauce while I had the seared foie gras (which was like a small steak) and she had the heirloon tomato salad.  We attacked the oysters first and days later are still talking about how unctuous and bright and crisp there were...don't miss them.. My foie gras was meatier than you normally would have...less delicate...have to say I loved it being that way and the fruity drizzle de jour was lovely.C. loved her tomato salad...every bite.  We left nothing including the 4 kinds of bread which range from crostini and foccacia to pinwheels of of swirled flavor that you must forgive me for forgetting....the bread rocks...that's all you need to know.. Entrees arrived and my steak was done to perfection and C's bass was beautifully presented...as if they filleted the whole fish and kept it in tact without the head but the crispy tail remained..cool.. The four sides we selected to accompany:  Sauteed wild mushrooms, sweet creamy corn with a cilantro cream dolloped atop, truffled mac n cheese and creamed spinach...all were delicious steakhouse standby's that were generous and completely wonderful...we had quite a doggy bag at dinner's end.. Desserts we shared were a warm sticky toffee pudding (decadent) and my chef friend sent out cheesecake with a huge mound of wild strawberry granita and melon and tropical fruit panna cotta...we ate as much as we could and they were all sumptuous!. Wines were paired for us by the aforementioned sommelier and they were  perfect for each course...a Sancerre and Napa Valley Cab.  C'mon...forgettaboutit!. All in all I am encouraging all to come explore and be pampered with stellar service and impecable steakhouse fare.  Gordon Ramsay Steak doesn't reinvent the wheel...but makes for a smooth ride to a fabulous meal.  I am not giving demotions for anything...right up to fabulous cappuccino to finish..rich and smooth.. One word:  GO!. You do not get off with a small bill at the end but dining at a famous chef's Las Vegas restaurant...how could you expect to.  We lived it up and as I said had a full meal in leftovers.  . . One bit of surprise:  No amuse bouche at the beginning and no petit four (garmandise) at the end...didn't seem to matter but just a little surprised for a 'fine dining' steakhouse.
Short review: This is the best steakhouse in Vegas right now.  I have been to every other place in town and Gordon Ramsay Steak is #1 with a bullet!  Carnevino? Botero? Cut? Stripsteak? Old Homestead? They've all taken a backseat.. . Longer review:. . I made a reservation a month in advance for my wife's birthday as this is probably the hottest restaurant on the strip at the moment.  We had heard so many great things and were already foaming at the mouth as we circled the faux Arc de Triomphe.. . The entrance was cool.  Is this what modern London restaurants look like?  I wouldn't know since I'd just eat Indian if I were there.  All the hostesses looked like they were ready to redo Robert Palmer's "Addicted to Love" video at a drop of a hat.  Now that everyone under 25 years old has no idea what I am referring to...on to the food!. . We had drinks at the bar while we waited for the table.  I got a gin martini which was accompanied by a very tasty green olive stuffed with bacon and cheese and the wife got the "English Garden" cocktail.  That was a terrific drink as well and very refreshing.  The Ipad cocktail menus were neat to zip through and certainly beat flipping pages.  . . Finally get seated, order a bottle of red and the wife goes with the "Sonoma Farms Foie Gras" with strawberry jam, bacon bits and buttered slices of English muffin.  WOWOWOWOW!  I've eaten some duck liver in my life but never like this.  Whoever came up with this creation deserves an award!  I'd like to have this for breakfast 3 times a week.  How many points is this on Weight Watchers?  . . I went with the "Maine Lobster" which was stuffed with chorizo, poached in butter with cream and corn.  That was great as well but all I wanted to do was trade it in for more foie gras.  . . My wife always gets filet mignon so I was prepared to get the beef wellington but she threw me a curve and actually went wellington.  I knew that the famed butcher Pat LaFrieda from NYC provided all the beef cuts here.  Great meat for sure but we had been to Old Homestead not too long before and thought it might taste kind of the same.  How freakin wrong I was!!  I was ridiculously taken aback upon my first bite of the ribeye.  This is the same cut of ribeye that Old Homestead gets?  Really??  It was mindblowing how different it was seasoned and prepared.  I was in a beef trance and loved every bite.  My wife really liked the beef wellington and the one bite I had was scrumptious but I was too wrapped up in the monster cut in front of me to focus on anything else :P. . We had the standard creamed spinach and mac & cheese for sides and both were done perfectly.  Service was A+ too.  Too full for dessert.  . . Other notes:. . - I stopped watching "Hell's Kitchen" a few years ago since it seemed like the same season every year but the winner from the most recent season started at the restaurant last week.  She was open to photos and autographs to whoever wanted them.  . . - Ordering fish at a place that specializes in steak is like ordering a hamburger in a Chinese restaurant.  I don't get it.. . - Don't forget your Caesars Entertainment players card.  You'll save a wee bit on dinner.
I ate here a few weekends ago and I have to say it was the BEST MEAL I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!  I have had the privilege of eating at some of the best restaurants this country has to offer but none of them compared to the experience I had at Gordon Ramsay Steak!  The service my family received from Donnie and Jessica could not have been better, I have never had such amazing service anywhere else!  The manager Jean even came over to make sure everything was perfect.  I could go on and on about how amazing Donnie, Jessica were but to be blunt they were simply perfect in every single way.  I swear Gordon Ramsay Steak serves the best meal period! And if you are lucky enough to get Donnie and Jessica serving you then you are in for a night of the best service humanly possible.. . Thanks Gordon Ramsay Steak for a meal I'll never forget!. Zach
Some problems with the food, but the service was excellent and made the experience a 5 star one.. . The Good:. The steaks here are very good. I was able to sample the 18oz strip, the fillet, and the 24oz bone in rib eye. The aged meat combined with the sear from an extremely high heat produced a really nice flavor. I've dined at Carne Vino several times, Prime, and D.O.C.G for steak and this place would certainly be near the top of that list. I would say the bone in rib eye at Carne Vino is very slightly ahead, but I've had both good and bad steaks there so I'd have to dine here again to be sure. The side dishes we had (asparagus, macaroni, mushrooms, and spinach) were well prepared and flavorful, but nothing mind blowing. Our service on the other hand was amazing and turned what could have been a bad experience into a memorable one. (Thank you Jonel). . The Bad:. Nothing really. . The Could be Better:. A couple of the appetizers were over seasoned (tortellini, and yellow fin salad), our fillet was overcooked (but promptly replaced, and comped) and the knives. A lot of the silver skin was left on our rib eyes, so attempting to cut through that with the knives they gave us was quite the ordeal. Not having a properly sharp steak knife results in marring, tearing and ripping the flesh. Not only does this spill all the lovely juices everywhere, but it makes it hard work to eat. I will however note that this was not a problem with the fillet.. . Every piece of meat is a little different so I'm willing to give the restaurant 5 stars on account of the excellent service, and the overall great flavors in all the dishes.
A couple of months ago, I wrote a review about Mesa Grill in New York City, saying it was one of the best meals I've ever had in my life.. . I shall make a similar statement now with a much more aggressive statement. Gordon Ramsay Steak in Las Vegas is THE best meal I've ever had in my life.. . After watching Hell's Kitchen, I made it my goal to eat at this restaurant. Luckily, I had planned a birthday celebration for a weekend and was able to snag a reservation to the restaurant with three of my friends and my girlfriend.. . Coming into it, I can't really say that I knew what to expect. I was expecting good food, but this completely blew me away.. . First, the service. Our server's name was Matt, he was a very very friendly man. He introduced himself and explained how ordering drinks would work. Ordering drinks? How they work? Isn't it just..."I would like this drink? Or, what is in this drink?". . NOPE! He whipped out an iPad (OOOOOOHHHHH!) and showed us the Gordon Ramsay Steak iPad Drink App. From this, we could choose various types of drinks and see what ingredients it had, what it would look like, and even build up a list of drinks we wanted to try. We could all just add this into a checkout menu and he could get us our drinks this way, or, if we wanted, we could order it in the traditional way. Very cool, very well done. . . Our server Matt then showed us the menu. He also pointed out that if we wanted, we could try a menu specially prepared by Gordon Ramsay. This would be a four course meal and we would get a souvenir menu with a photo of Gordon Ramsay cooking in it. We opted out of this, as this was too much food for us, but next time...I will give it a shot.. . A cart pulled up with various cuts of steak on it and a quick tutorial was given on what kind of cut was what. That was pretty cool. Matt seemed knowledgeable and answered our questions with ease.. . After discussing for a bit what we all wanted to eat, we finally decided on our choices. This was a steak house, so....it had to be something with steak.. . Four of us ordered two orders of the Beef Wellington for two, Chef Ramsay's speciality. To be perfectly honest, I had no idea what Beef Wellington would taste like, I just kept seeing it on the show and so really wanted to try it.. . Our sides included the Mac and Cheese (a favorite of the restaurant, Matt claimed), the creamed spinach, and Fire Corn.. . We got a bread plate that was just amazing. Mushroom truffle bread, bacon bread, it was an amazing beginning to an epic meal.. . OH MY GOD. The Beef Wellington came out looking glorious. My knife cut through it and upon putting the first piece in my mouth, FLAVORASM. This is about as close to perfection as I imagine food could possible taste.. . The sides were just as delicious. I'm a fan of corn, so the fire corn was my favorite, followed by the spinach and then the mac and cheese. All of it was cooked and seasoned to perfection and honestly, if I was forced to eat any of those sides for the rest of my life, I would live and die a very happy and wellfed man.. . Everyone dined in happiness and every other sentence out of our mouths was, "OH MY GOD, THIS IS DELICIOUS.". . I've never been to a meal where more people were happy and kept voicing how delicious their food was. And it was. It was the most delicious meal I've ever had in my life, in my 27 years.. . The staff was friendly and polite throughout the entire meal, apologizing when they had to reach over us to grab a plate to take away, bringin us new utensils when needed, refilling our water as often as needed.. . Finally, we finished our meal quite full. Matt comes up to our table and asks, "Dessert?". . Even full, we knew what had to be done. We knew what must be said and what our next course of action should be. "YES.". . Dessert was a toffee cake (sorry, cannot remember the exact name) but the five of us split one. It was an amazing dessert and quite good with just two or three bites as it was quite flavorful and packed with awesome.. . We finished up dessert and our server came up with the check. After paying, he asked us how our meal was and we responded quite honestly that it was the best meal we've ever had.. . He was happy about that, we were happy and full, it was a good feel situation. However, what he said was surprising.. . "Do any of you use Yelp? Someone gave us a low review and I'm making it my personal mission to get us back up to what we should be!". . I quickly agreed that this was a travesty and must be remedied. He asked if I would be willing to spend some time to write a review of this place, to let people know what I thought of the place. . . I have to say, when you eat at a restaurant where ever your host feels SO STRONGLY that he personally asks people if they would be willing to take the time out to review a place, that shows me that this is indeed a restaurant I will be returning to time and time again. With such a devoted staff, and such care for its customers, this place definitely deserves its 5 stars.
Gordon Ramsay steak is one of the best restaurants in Vegas.  The atmosphere is very chic and the British flag painted on the ceiling adds a nice touch.  We both ordered the 24oz Bone in Ribeye cooked medium well.  Our sides were mac n cheese and cream spinach.  Steak was cooked perfectly and the sides were awesome.  . Our waiter and the other staff were very helpful and our glasses never got below half full.  We were in Vegas for our honeymoon and this was an experience we will never forget.  . Will definitely visit the restaurant again!!!
The BEST dining experience we have ever had. My husband and I were in Vegas in September for his birthday. I called in advance( recommend) to make a reservation. . We eat out a lot and always say we need to start blogging about where we eat and the experience. To tell you the truth our taste buds have been bored until we got to Gordon's steakhouse. When you walk in the door (tunnel) you immediately get a warm welcome. We waited in the full service bar until our table was ready. The wait staff was very kind, happy, busy and many people were eating at the bar. We had a glass of wine and shortly after went to be seated. The restaurant is beautiful. Our waiter was fabulous, and attentive. I loved the palate of cuts of meat and very descriptive discussion of each. I loved that i could see the kitchen hard at work. They made sure each person at the table received their plate at the same time, two, four or six people! The plate was placed down and our waiter began his description of each dish. We had mouth watering filet's, creamed spinach, mac and cheese to die for. Oh and a plate of bread, small samples of many kinds, which i never got passed the bacon bread it was so delicious. Our bellies (full of course ) we would try the sticky toffee pudding ( house favorite) and you will know why when you try it.  It is so worth the money because we can not stop talking to our friends about it. A must in Vegas. Hope he opens one in Houston. Enjoy
Awesome restaurant! There were a lot of highlights and even our least favorite items were still very very good:. . Foie Gras appetizer- beautiful small piece of foie with homemade English muffins which were a little thick and a jam that was a little sweet but still delicious. . Smoked beef tartar - good sized portion with super crispy home made potato chips. The smoky flavor was amazing the first bite but a little much on the 5th. It's an appetizer I think would be best shared.. . Kobe rib cap and Strip - perfect temperature, charred edges, well seasoned . Just heavenly!. . Bernaise was rich and flavorful, the peppercorn sauce had a nice pepper bite but the homemade steak sauce was a little strong. Good - but best eaten in small quantities (unlike the others which you can dunk steak into) . . Sauteed spinach is fine but nothing special. . Fingerling potatoes were lightly covered in Parmesan - nothing earth shattering but very good. . Tempura green beans come as a very large serving and are addictive. . . For dessert the toffee pudding deserves the raves it gets. . . Would love to go back again!
OMG OMG OMG . This was AMAZING!!. We went to Vegas last week for the first time and our casino host managed to squeeze in a reservation for my husband and I and another couple, and needless to say we went to town on this menu. Heirloom Tomato Salad (hate tomatoes and ate half my husbands!). British Ale Onion Soup (I almost wish I ordered only this but in VATS). Maine Lobster (from Back east and not a huge fan of lobster until I had this). Kurobuta Pork Belly (why haven't i been eating this for YEARS?!?!). Short Rib Tortellini (may burn the Olive Garden I see to the ground). Yellow Fin Tuna Chopped Salad (this could have been a meal in and of itself). Roasted Beef Wellington (no need to send this puppy back). American Kobe Filet (could have cut it with a spoon). American Kobe Rib Cap (will change you life just like our Server Alberto said!!). Mac & Cheese (not your university Karft Dinner) . Sauteed Asparagus (even this simple dish was PERFECT). Loaded Baked Potato (biggest potato I have EVER seen). Spinach (garlicky goodness). Cheesecake (could only have on bite because i was so full but if i was down to my last $20 I'd spend it on that) . Sticky Toffee Pudding (soooooooooo much better than it sounds, and it sounds great). . So needless to say we couldn't move after this feast. I have never, ever, ever had food like that! I'm ashamed to turn on my stove ever again! . . The service was like a ballet!. Plates hit the table at the exact same time, Matthew and Alberto were AMAZING! They were informative, welcoming and funny! We're not the affluent clientele they are must be used to in this posh place but they were soooo accommodating, coming by to chat with us, helping us pair foods together, making recommendations, that didn't feel like up-selling. They were enthusiastic about the food and about us being there.. .  I probably won't go overboard like that again, but every time i go to Vegas I'll be going to Gordon Ramsay Steak and if Matthew and Alberto aren't there I'll cry in my very Delicious British Ale Onion Soup!
Being a huge Hell's Kitchen Fan, I was excited to hear that Gordon Ramsay was coming to Las Vegas with the opening of Gordon Ramsay Steak in the Paris Hotel.  Although I have dined at many places that donned Beef Wellington on their menu, I vowed that Gordon Ramsay's would be my first and he did not disappoint!  I can only describe it as completely over-whelmington!  Roasted to perfection, succulent, and presentation perfect.. . Our server was Olga and she brought in on! Not only was she an excellent server but also she had an answer to every question a Hell's Kitchen fan might have.  After finally scoring a wellington that rightfully made it over the pass.... . See more at:  http://www.coolvacationtips.com
I have been to many countries, and I have eaten at a lot of great restaurants, but this one gets my number-1 vote!  Except for pricing, this is definitely as good as it gets!  We had to make reservations a few days in advance, and if I were to do it again I would call at least a week before.  . First we were greeted by Danielle and Miana who introduced us to the restaurant by explaining that the main theme of the restaurant was the Chunnel between London and Paris.  They pointed out several accoutrements that I will not mention here so that if you decide to go you will be pleasantly surprised.  . After we were seated at our booth we were greeted by our waiter, Adrian, a very friendly and knowledgeable individual who didn't hesitate to interact, and entertain my  questions.  Adrian had a wonderful assistant, Mouhamadou, whose smile was infectious and who kept us engaged with a spirit of goodness unmatched.  . Our wine connoisseur was Steven.  Steven was prompt, knowledgeable, and ready with a smile.  . On to the food!  We were presented with in-person cuts of steak expertly placed on a cart rack so that we could view each one.  Adrian was very knowledgeable on his recommendations, and after listening and considering each one, we chose the American Kobe End Cap.  I also chose a lobster tail and a baked potato.  My partner chose an asparagus soup.  The food came out promptly.  We didn't have to wait long, yet there was enough time to drink a glass of wine or two with some delectable varieties of breads.  . The steaks came and they were so good we wanted to linger for days!  The most delicious steak I've had!  My partner said the same thing.  The baked potato was cooked perfectly, and was probably the largest baked potato I've ever seen!. As we dined we spotted Kevin Hee, the executive chef.  We watched him as he observed his chefs, and occasionally tasted the food.  We were thoroughly impressed. To be a good chef you must TASTE the food.  Then we spotted Christina Wilson, the head chef, and winner of one of the Hell's Kitchen competitions.  I asked to meet both Chef Hee and Chef Wilson, and they were gracious enough to meet with me and allow me to have photos taken.  Thank you so much.  . I asked Adrian if I could speak with the manager, and we were promptly greeted at our table by the assistant general manager, Michael Speagle.  I felt compelled to pay compliments to him and his entire staff for not only the good food and service, but for the general dining experience.  This is a must for any restaurant lover.  Save some of your gambling money and make your reservations!
If I were going to be picky, I'd complain that the lounge is too small -- but there's a simple answer to that -- don't arrive early.  Once inside, though, the food was simply amazing.  Even under the most critical eye every single plate was perfectly prepared.  The loaded baked potato was the least impressive dish, but that felt like saying that last year's Ferrari wasn't as good as the new Ferrari... in other words, it was still pretty doggone spectacular.. . The ambiance is slightly loud, but that's the theme of the entire casino -- within that context the restaurant is restrained, but just ignore the music and enjoy the foodie experience!
A few friends and I wanted to "splurge" while in Vegas.  My friend made reservations for us a few weeks ahead of time.  I figured it would be awesome but after coming in and seeing Christina (winner from Hell's Kitchen) I was sold.  However, that was only the beginning.  . . Although, it was a bit full in the bar and we had to stand for a few minutes drinking  spectacular drinks in fancy glasses the night had just gotten started.  We had to wait a few minutes after our reservation time - totally worth it as Gordon Ramsey himself was in the house!!!!!  He hung out for about 20 minutes and took pictures.  Awesome!! . . We were seated at a table that faced the kitchen - I felt like we were at the VIP table in Hell's Kitchen!! Freddy, our waiter, and Johnny were awesome.  Polite, funny, knowledgeable, fun and very attentive.  The staff look like models!! When they bring out your plates it is like a runway show of waiters - all food is delivered simultaneously and set down with perfection.  It was awesome to see that all that perfectionism Gordon Ramsey speaks on TV is exactly what his restaurant displayed!! . . The ipad drink menu, meat display, and personalized attention made me feel like we were definitely getting our monies worth.  We each ordered a different type of meat and sides.  We had the french onion soup, shrimp cocktail and stuffed lobster with chorizo appetizers.  O ... wow each was amazing.  Then came our meals ... the sides are shareable and we each tasted everything.  The Kobe fillet was spectacular and the mac and cheese (yeah I know you think you go to Gordon Ramsey Steak and order mac and cheese??) but I am not joking when I say it had fabulous flavor and was just so creamy and perfect.  I did not want to leave one noodle.  . . Just like we had read on-line we got the sticky pudding - there are no words to describe how fantastic this dessert is!! Get it and share ... you will fall in love!!. . The check is a bit hard to swallow - but we knew it would be expensive before heading into it.  We would do it again no question.
I'm not going to waste your time with a long, drawn out, review.  Just go there.  Pony up the dough and go!  Best meal of my life.
Holy crap this place is so awesome.  We were here on a Friday night for a table of 4...and we had a great time.  Our server, Dennis, was super awesome, and their bussers or server helpers never let our glasses be below half empty.  . . We all ordered appetizers and they all came out at same time with 4 different people bringing out each of our food, it was like we each had our own little server. =). . Our server brought out this cart full of raw meat with all the different cuts to illustrate how things were cut and what we would be ordering.. . The appetizers we ordered:. . Onion soup - pretty good, the bread on top was really good. Tortellini - REALLY good. Something Lobster related - really good. Raw oysters - really fresh and tasty. . Main entrees:. . His famous beef wellington - AMAZING. The rest of us ordered the Bone in rib-eye which was soooo tasty and the meat was so tender and sooooo good, AND it was a huge 24 ounces. . We also had the mushrooms on the side which were really good too. . . We were all too full to have dessert.... . Oh...and the winner from Hell's Kitchen was actually there that night...it was cool to see that. (can't remember her name but I know her face...). . I would definitely come back here again and again...
Lege...nd... Wait for it... ary!. . We were a little concerned that this place would be a gimicky but figured that could be fun and decided to try it out for my 30th birthday.. . Wow Steak was simply awesome and the owner even made an appearance in the kitchen to much fanfare.. . Both the stranger sitting next to me and I got the beef wellington and mutually concurred that it satisfied the missing link in our respective lives.. . Sit at the bar if you can find a spot and enjoy. It's definitely club meets steakhouse so be prepared... But it made the evening even more fun!
Beef Wellington & Sticky Toffee Pudding were excellent. The wait staff were top notch. I was impressed how multiple people were able to juggle one table without repeating themselves (i.e. "may I take your order").
Just to update my review, I wanted to add that I made contact with each person I mentioned in my review and either wrote their names down or collected their business cards so that I would remember... I did have some red wine on board!. Also, the dress code is business casual.
We just came here last week on the Vegas part of our honeymoon.  Unfortunately I made the mistake of not making reservations in advance and there weren't any tables left for the last couple of nights we would be there.  We couldn't leave Vegas without eating here so we opted to eat in the lounge/bar area which was still a nice atmosphere and provided us with a slightly more snug, but comfortable table after letting a few people pass us in line.  The only downside was the wait of 1hr+ to be seated, but it was barely noticed since we were enjoying watching Christine in the kitchen.. . We ordered a bottle of Chianti from the Ipad cocktail menu.  The prices were very reasonable and they provide a great selection of bottles from average to premium.  Since we were advised that we would be waiting at least 45 minutes for our entrees, we decided to order a couple of cocktails to start.  The Ipad came in very handy since it provided images as well as ingredient lists for each drink.  My wife ordered a Mojito, which wasn't on the menu and it was far too sweet for both of our palates.  I ordered an English Garden, which was an excellent cocktail containing Hendrick's, basil, lemon, cucumber.  It was definitely the best use of gin that I have ever experienced in a drink.. . Our meal started with a bread basket containing about 5 different varieties of bread.  The most notable were the 2 brioche, but the one containing pancetta specifically stood out.  We then followed up with an order of Short Rib Tortellini with foie gras, which was so good that my wife and I are still talking about it. . . For our entrees, I ordered the bone-in strip loin with a bone marrow sauce and my wife ordered Gordon's acclaimed Beef Wellington, also the reason for our 45 minute wait which was well worth it.  My strip was cooked perfectly and was defintely one of the best steaks that I have ever had.  The bone marrow sauce was rich and added a lot of flavour, although I found if too much was used it overpowered the meat.  My wife's Beef Wellington was phenomenal; it was a beautifully tender piece of meat that could almost be cut with a fork alone surrounding by a perfect amount of light pastry.. . Even though we were both feeling fairly full at this point, we couldn't leave without trying Gordon's highly-renowned Sticky Toffee Pudding.  It was one of the most decadent desserts that either of us have ever tried.  The Brown Butter Ice Cream that it was served with could have stood up on it's own as a phenomenal dessert, but complimented the pudding perfectly.. . Overall, I would highly recommend going to Gordon Ramsay Steak if you're in Vegas.  I know that any of our visits in future will include a dinner here, as well as reservations made well in advance.
I am a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay and his restaurants around the world as well as most of his television programs.  So, I guess it was not unusual for me to fly 2000 miles West just to eat at Gordon Ramsay Steak to check out the place and see how Christina (winner of Hell's Kitchen 2012) was doing as the new chef.  THAT was my only purpose in making the trip.. . I had a reservation for one at 7:15pm and was promptly taken through the entrance that resembled the London Tube.  On my way to the table, the hostess explained the oddly shaped light in the middle of the main room (no spoiler alert here) and seated me at a great table where I could view the open kitchen.  Whew, those folks work hard.  I guess they don't want GR to yell at them.. . Anyway, my server (Matthew) arrived with iPad in had to show me the wine and drink selections.  I am sure it was bad enough for him to see that he had to wait on a "single" but when he learned that the single did not drink, he must have thought he had really drawn the short straw.  However, he never showed it all night long.  He was assisted by another server and the two of them did a great job of treating me like a king all night long.  Like all GR restaurants, during the meal you are severed by many other in addition to your "main" servers.. . This is a steak place and they brought out the selection of steaks in a most interesting way.  It is best described by saying you have to see it to understand it, but the steak selections were on a cart shaped like a wheel.  I was very easy to see all of the steaks and Matthew did a great job of explaining all of them to me.  There are MANY other things on the menu from seafood to chicken, but steak is the centerpiece of this place.. . I went with the beef wellington.  I also had the fried oysters.  They were garnished with creame fraiche.  Outstanding.  That was followed by a wonderful caesar salad which was garnished with a scotch egg.  Then came the steak.  It was prepared to perfection along with root veggies and potato puree.  I also order a side of brussel sprouts (don't turn your nose up until you try them).  EVERYTHING I ate was off the charts wonderful.. . However, as others have written here, the star of the night was the sticky toffee pudding.  Holy Smoke!  It was the best dessert I have EVER had.  It is served with ice cream that is on the plate and shaped like a whole stick of butter.. . I thought the prices were fine and the value was outstanding.  If you go to Vegas, make this a stop before you drop all you money at the tables or on a show.  THIS will be the "event" you'll be talking about when you get home!
This was fantastic. The service was the best I have ever had, the food was just perfect. We opted to eat later after the dinner rush and that was the best move. In Vegas , late dinner is the prelude to a great evening so rest all day and plan your full night out. But stop here first!!
There was nothing that I ate that wasn't awesome. Donny and Jose provided awesome service. Worth every dollar!
My husband and I are big fans of Gorden Ramsay. I was excited to see Christina at the pass as we followed this past season of Hell's Kitchen. We had make reservations a couple of months ahead of time to assure the time we wanted. We were seated promptly as a very nice table for two on the lower level. Very comfortable seating. We started with the signature drinks that were fantastic. Our app was the Alaskan King Crab that was quite tasty along with the house bread. I had the Prime Ribeye with a side of haricot vert. Steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly, absolutely delicious. My husband had the Wellington, his however we thought was under seasoned but cooked well. The potato puree was good, not fantastic. We thought that was too bad seeing it was on the Hell's Kitchen show. I would recommend this restaurant it was quite good. It is a bit pricey, however similar to the other celebrity steak houses. I would say plan on $150pp. I thought it was worth it.
This should be one of the best steaks you will ever consume....it definitely was for me.  I've been here twice now, and each time, I had outstanding food.. . Atmosphere and setting is great...although the dress code is not enforced, it did not cheapen the night.   Service was excellent and above all, the food was amazing!  They also have a great wine and bottle selection, in all price ranges.. . The comp bread selection :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=2RVsI-brRnb7mLO2h5JFPA#Y31dBHh-ymp7NBmYSQbyDQ. . The bread platter had a good variety! My favorite was probably the bacon bread...for good reason!. . The dinner company wasn't craving red meat, so she went with the fish and chips.  It was unbelievably good....more like gourmet fish fillet with a slight breading and an  outstanding taste.  Yum. . I went with the ribeye...it was 24oz of 30 days dry aged beef.  :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=2RVsI-brRnb7mLO2h5JFPA#2RVsI-brRnb7mLO2h5JFPA. . I could throw out a nice number of adjectives at you, and tell you cliche things, like how it melts in your mouth, but the truth tells itself :. . Iate the ENTIRE thing...AND almost every piece of fat that was on this thing.  The FAT was so tender on this ribeye, that it truly melted in your mouth, and gave the rest of the steak a super intense flavor when combined.  I seriously couldn't help myself...it was like a drug.  I was so stuffed, but I kept eating so that I could really savor each bite.  That "close your eyes, that was the best piece of cow I have ever consumed" feel.. . The sides :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=2RVsI-brRnb7mLO2h5JFPA#_JKeY5Vn87VtB_SOasPPCQ. . Mac & Cheese : blue, cheddar, parmesan, and truffle. Fingerling Potatoes : parmesan and truffle. The mac and cheese here is great, but the fingerling potatoes blew my mind! There was so much truffle flavor hiding in between the potatoes....Probably the best way I've consumed potatoes and truffles to date LOL!. . For dessert, I have no idea how I fit it in...but we went with the toffee pudding or whatever it was called...excellent.  Not sure why this was so good, but it was one of my favorite desserts I have had to date....it just works.. . I will be back!  Trying to space out eating entire days worth of calories and fat intake in one setting lol.
Absolutely amazing ! Great food , beef Wellington that melts in your mouth like butter. Asparagus soup wow. And the baked potato ( a la cart) would serve 4 people. Everything you would expect from chef Ramsey !
My expectations were high, and I was not disappointed. . . I read through the other reveiws and they all seem to sum it up well in terms of service andatmosphere.  In two words, stunning and spectacular.. . The food, not to copy other reviews, but it was truly sex on a plate.  I want more and I want it again.   I had the heirloom tomato salad, 8oz American Kobe filet, fingerling potatoes, and of course I saved room for chocolate cake.  It was amazing and it has changed how I look at food.  It has elevated my palate. . . My only note is that the music was a bit loud, and a bit more like nightclub music than I prefer, but I really didn't care, I was in heaven.  . . Christina Wilson, Head Chef and winner of Hell's Kitchen was there and she was gracious enough to pause from a very busy dinner service to take a picture and to say hello to us an few other fans.  As a huge Hell's Kitchen fan, it made my week.  . . I can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Exceptional service, delicious food, tasty cocktails!. . Start with the antioxidant berry cocktail -- not too sweet, just the right aperitif. . . I had the butter-poached lobster with chorizo....sooooo good!. The British pub ale onion soup was tasty, but I was craving more melted cheese.. The beef Wellington was splendid! Well worth it!. Ordered the side of roasted bone marrow, which would have benefited from another 3 minutes in the oven...a miss on this one.. . Finished the meal with sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream (OMG...so good)!. . Cappuccino with chocolate spoons were also delightful. . . One of the best dining experiences on the Strip!
The food is amazing!!!  The Beef Wellington signature dish and the steaks are both amazing.   Even today, the day after, I am amazed how great the steak is.  The side dishes are enough for two people to share, which is great!  The meals are a little on the expensive side, but I feel that the experience was well worth it!  This is definitely a place to go.
This was simply the best. . . And I don't think I need to go into all the details here, seeing that there are plenty of Yelpers! Who can describe the experience for me :D . . But I will say, the service was impeccable, Gordon Ramsays Wellington was by far the best piece of meat I believe you will ever try. Even for a fillet, it was packed with so much flavor. With not a fiber of fat on it, cut like wet, juicy meat sponge, and just dissolved on your tongue. The NY cut was also probably one of the more tender pieces of a NY I have also ever had. Marbling was wonderful. A true test for La Freida Meats... They win in my book. . . The wife's Market Green Salad was delicious, even if it was just a house salad. I truly recommend the Pork Belly appetizer also. The rendered fat, with the succulent piece of meat on it, combined with the sauteed swiss chard...a wonderful salty, nutty, sweet experience.  . . And I am so happy for our waiters assistant for constantly reminding us about the Sticky Toffee Pudding. Of course all of the reviews and photos on here didn't steer us away from it either. Along with the dessert, the Columbian Roast steeped freshly from the French Press was out of this world. . . Would definitely return. Don't let go of what
My partner and I dined here on October 18th 2012. I am a New Orleans native, and this is one of the best dining experiences I have ever had.  I will summarize our experience while addressing some of the things I read in a few of the more critical reviews.  . . First of all, we did not have any difficulty reserving a table. We did not encounter busy signals, nor were we placed on hold either on the initial call, nor the call to confirm our reservation the day prior.  I will admit that the hostesses did seem a bit 'snobby' to me. When we arrived and said that we had a reservation, the girl held up a finger and said "one minute". No eye contact. The hostess that then walked us back to our table also seemed very cold and unfriendly. She was saying the right things, I guess , but didn't seem genuine and never made eye contact.. . We did not find the music too loud. We were able to carry on a conversation without difficulty. Our waitstaff (Michael and Alexis) were phenomenal. I have to say that it has been a very long time since I was really blown away by the level of customer service I received somewhere. The communication between the waitstaff was phenomenal. They were courteous and attentive. I left wondering what I could change in my own office to make our clients leave feeling this great about the service that they receive. I cannot say enough good things about these 2, they were really wonderful. . . The seating was comfortable. The tables were a comfortable distance apart. I thought that the flatware & dishes were elegant and smart. The food was fantastic. I had the Caesar Salad and the Beef Wellington. My partner had Braised Pork Belly. It was really wonderful. I wish we would have had room for more, but the portions were more than generous, and I was stuffed and couldn't finish the Wellington. . . I can't express strongly enoughhow fantastic this dining experience was. The food was incredibly delicious, the service was spectacular (and inspiring) and it is an experience I will always remember.  While I can't speak for other people on the waitstaff, I know that aside from the hostesses, I didn't see a single person leaning, lounging or shuffling their feet.  Everyone was in motion. Our glasses were NEVER empty (or even close to empty), a dirty plate or utensil was collected before I could scoot them away from myself. . . My partner and I enjoyed Vegas, and our experience at Gordon Ramsey Steak is one of the main reasons we will be sure to return for another visit!! I can't wait to try something else on the menu. :)
A week ago I dined at GR Steak for the second time, and it was just as a memorable as the first time. I love the decor, music, uniforms, but most of all the menu and cocktail selections. Our server Donnie was amazing. He knew exactly what to recommend, was attentive, and did not rush our dining experience. I highly recommend asking for his section if possible. We started with Side Car martinis..the best I have ever had. For appetizers we shared a half dozen fresh and juicy oysters, caesar salad (the most unique dressing I've ever tasted), hamachi carpaccio with truffle, and lobster stuffed with chorizo. For my main course I had the Fishermans Grill which consists of mussels, prawns and assorted fish, each cooked to perfection with a little curry aioli for dipping. It was divine! My friend had the rib eye cap, which had the perfect charred crust and then when you sliced into it, a perfect medium rare. It was one of the best steaks I have ever tasted, and the portion was for a normal appetite. We tried the carrots with ranch seasoning and crisy chicken skin and the sauteed mushrooms as sides. Both were so yummy, but we were really full and didnt need them. For dessert we had the sticky toffee pudding and it was better than the first time I tried it. After mentioning this the wonderful manager Amanda, the pastry chef came out to our table to make sure we were happy. We felt like VIPS. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting Las Vegas.
My hubby and I had dinner here back   In October. Everything from the service and food was amazing. We had the seafood platter for an appetizer which was all fresh tasting and delicious. For our dinner my husband had the rib end cap and I had the filet mignon. I felt like I was eating beef butter it was so tender. My husband liked his but said mine was crazy good. The side was spinach which was good and for dessert  we had the toffee pudding. Wow!!! This was awesome. We also had a bottle of wine and our wine sommelier could not have been more helpful.. I know some people complained about the music being loud but I didn't have a problem with it. I could still hear our conversation and waiter and actually barely noticed it. After our dinner we told our wait staff (Freddy and victor) how wonderful everything was and they had the manager come over who was extremely nice. Loved it here! Definitely coming back again! Gordon your restaurant was amazing!
There are a lot of reviews of this restaurant; suffice to say I am a total fan. A major foodie, this place did not disappoint, I would give this my highest rating. My dinner, along with a nice glass of wine was $140 before the tip and I was completely happy to pay the price. Service was over the top. Food was excellent. . . Thank you for the greatest dining experience of my life it will always remain the highlight.
AWESOME!! No wait (made reservations) great service, great food, great presentation, great drinks, NOT too noisy and NOT too cramped, and I expected the prices to be high but it was well worth it. I think some people expect too much because they haven't experienced fine dining before and think every place is like a large bright white ballroom with chandeliers like you see in the movies, IT'S NOT!. I recommend The British Ale Onion Soup, of course the Beef Wellington and you MUST try the Sticky Toffee Pudding!
Absolutely the best dining experience.  Had very high expectations and was not let down at all. Everything, from the bread to the coffee, every course is as good as it gets. The decor and ambience was right on.  The staff, from Danny, our lead waiter to the AGM Michael Speagle are without a doubt the most courteous, professional and delightful people we have ever encountered.  Having dined at many of Las Vegas'  high end restaurants, Gordon Ramsey's Steak will be our only choice for a fine dining experience every time we visit.
If you want a great steak & service treat yourself to this spot! Got in very quickly on a Wednesday night without a reservation but doubt that's the case at all later in the week. The Maine lobster appetizer was fantastic & the baked potato with smoked Gouda was great. You'll spend some money here but will probably leave saying it was one of the best meals you ever had!
We truly enjoyed our dining experience last night. Our waiter, Charles, and with additional service from Jose, completed our memorable evening. I loved the breaded quail egg in the ceaser salad. My Gram and Pop had a mac'n cheese appetizer and after a little taste decided it was so good it needed to be called something else to better describe how good it really is. Thankfully my friend and I split the rib-eye due to the generous portion they serve. I now have a favorite dessert that was brought out for my birthday.... The sticky toffee pudding! Divine :).
the. BEST. meal. of .my. life.. . This place is as amazing as the hype! Great service with such knowledgeable and friendly waiters and staff. Reservations are a MUST!. . The ambience inside is more like hipster London underground., ina fancy way.  Beautifully decorated. They have a steak cart..its pretty fricken awesome i must say. Drinks from an ipad.. . Now on to the food. I tried their beef wellington, bc its only ramsay's signature dish!! it was perfection. Perfect medium rare, great puree and sauce. delicious. We also tried their bone in rib eye. It was huuuge! perfect sear on the outside perfect medium rare as well. His scallops were huge as well. Perfectly cooked. (and yes, I am a fan of the show HK, so i had to try the wellington and the scallops!) We had fingerling potatoes, really good, and their creamed spinach...omg delicious!!! We also had the perfect wine pairing with it thanks to their friendly sommelier.. . And now dessery. OMG - STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING! its like an orgasm in your mouth. so good its like a piece of pudding that melts in your mouth when you have the caramel sauce poured over with the "butter" ice cream. So delicious!! We also had the french press coffee (which is basically 3 cups of strong coffee, with 3 different flavoring spoons. Each infused with alcohol. genius and again absolute deliciousness (although all that coffee had me awake for hours, but hey its vegas..who sleeps anyways). . It is pricey..so be prepared to spend a lot of $$$. but each bite is worth every single penny. . My overall experience was delightful thanks to an amazing staff, delicious thanks to an amazing chef! =)
The most amazing experience ever! . Amazing place, food and service.. If you are in vegas and want to take your significant other out for an amazing meal this is the place! Bur make sure to make reservations at least a couple weeks in advance.... The food is to die for, service is over the top, and all around most amazing restaurant experience we have ever had.. . My GF and I went there for our Bdays on a saturday night, and both of us have been to many amazing places to eat but hands down this was the best experience all around... . . Hope you make it toVegas and have the same experience that we did
Let me start by saying that the service was AMAZING!! Our waiter's name was Yaron and his assistant was Alexis. They ensured our every need was met. They were very helpful, friendly, and professional. Exactly what I would expect from a restaurant baring the name of Gordon Ramsay. They truly helped make our night top notch! The food is THE BEST we have had and cooked to perfection. My husband and I are total "foodies" and often indulge in fine restaurants. He had the bone in New York Steak (with Innis & Gunn Oak aged Ale) and I had the Kobe Fillet Mignon (with a Pinot Noir) accompanied by the sauteed mushrooms.. What a treat!! We had the fried blue point oyster appetizer to start as well... An absolute delight! I can't wait to go back! We will definitely request the same wait staff the next time!! Worth EVERY penny!! Thank you for a wonderful night!!
Charles is amazing! I had the wonderful opportunity to dine at Gordon Ramsey Steak for my birthday. I will highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants an amazing steak and even more amazing service. I will be back again.
This place is great. Although it started off seeming like it might not be, the hostesses really seem to have a bit of an attitude, like they are better than you. Once we got sat though that was the end of it. The first thing you notice is the decor, all very nice with a giant English Flag painted on the roof. The music also seems to be most if not all English Bands. . . The first thing we had was a cooked oyster appetizer, this was a very good start. Then we had our main dishes, my wife had a lamb dish that came with a rack of lamb, and a shepherds pie, the pie was really great. I had the beef wellington, this was amazing as well (this only comes cooked medium rare so be aware of that if you don't like your meat cooked this way). We also had a macaroni and cheese side, and that was fantastic. Finally for desert we shared a s'mores cheesecake, that was great, especially the marshmallow ice cream on top. . . The waiters are great as well, all very attentive and nice, really the only down side of this place is the hostesses, which is surprising since they are the first contact with the potential customers. . . This place is pretty pricey, but the quality of food is top notch. Not only that in a lot of places like this your dishes are really pretty small, this place though the portion sizes are pretty generous. So if you are looking for a nice place to eat with great food consider coming here. It does get fairly loud inside so this would not be the place to go for a quite dinner.
This place was awesome! Let's start from the beginning.... Reservations-ABSOLUTELY a must. Ambiance-GREAT...the hostess gave us a rundown as she walked us to the table. Leaving Paris and entering London. Service-Impeccable. Between Charles and Adrian we were well taken care of. Food-Melt in your mouth steak made EXACTLY as I asked. Wonderful Mac and cheese....I could go on. The sweet pudding with butter ice cream is to die for. Price-expensive BUT worth it. I WILL be back
SUPURB! EXCELLENT!   My wife and I had dinner here last Thursday, and had high expectations.  We didn't know that we would be having the best meal we've ever had.  . . Decor:  The entrance is clever.  It's designed to seem that you're walking through the "Chunnel" from France to England.  Once through, be sure to look up to see the huge British flag on the ceiling.   There is an open view into the kitchen, but we did not get to see Kristina, from last season's Hell's Kitchen (we heard later that she was in the back).. . Sevice:  The hostess was very accomodating.  We had a table upstairs, and we saw one of the booths was empty, and we asked is we could have it, and she made it happen.  The wait staff was knowledgable, friendly, and quite frankly, fun.  Donnie (our waiter) is the best.  We will request his section next time we go.  Thanks for a great experience Donnie!. . Food:  What can I say?  Truthfully, the best meal we've ever had!  And my wife and I have eaten all over the world.  My wife had the Beef Wellington, and it tasted even better than it looks on TV.  I had the Market Green Salad (best salad I've ever had in a restaurant), and American Kobe Rib Cap.  Both steaks were melt in your mouth good.  Sides were the sauteed mushroom and fingerling potatoes.  Both excellent.. . The price was comparable to any other high-end steakhouse, so we thought it was very reasonable.  We ate at the Eiffel Tower restaurant the night before (which was not as good and more expensive).  We will always pick Ramsay's in the future.. . Thanks Chef Ramsay, and all the staff at the restaurant for making our experience one of our best.. . Can't wait until next time.
TV or Tourist Hype?? I say no. Watching the entire season 10 of Hell's Kitchen made a visit to this restaurant while in Vegas a 'must do." Reservations seems to be required as every seating was booked. We arrived at 415 and waited in line for "bar" seats which still had views of the kitchen and our endeared winner, Christina. . . The food was as good as the TV Show demands. I had the ravioli for appetizer.  The sunny side egg inside the hand made ravioli made for a neat surprise. The appetizer was new to my taste buds and tasty. The flavors were meant for each other, however the texture was a bid bizarre. . . I ordered the Beef Wellington for two. A signature and staple dish of Ramsey's, I've never actually had it. The beef was cooked perfectly- although medium rare is the only way it can be-- I like mine to be cooked a bit longer. The bread shell didn't stay on. I ordered the mac and cheese and the mushrooms. They complimented each other perfectly. The mac was very tasty, but I would order something else because nothing wowed me about it. . . The desert was interesting but I would not repeat the order- Sticky Toffee Pudding. It was more like a toffee brownie and not like a pudding at all. The bottom was a bit burnt, barely, but overcooked indeed. The desert was served with a home made toffee icecream- displayed like a stick of butter??!! I wish I had something different. But worth the hype of trying! . . Overall, I loved the food, the service, and the view. Next time, I know, make reservations before my trip to Vegas, but will return again.
I scoped the Yelp reviews of this place before we went for my birthday and was surprised to find so many poor reviews. I completely disagree with them too, by the way. . . We made reservations for 9 pm on a Monday and I didn't make the reservations, but my boyfriend said he had no problem getting them a couple days before. I was pleasantly surprised by the modern feel of the place with the club-esque atmosphere.. . The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Our server, Charles, started us with the drink menu which comes on an iPad, but despite what it seems, you can't actually order drinks from the iPad. We ordered a Vesper and the HK Antioxident [sic]. For appetizers, we ordered the foie gras and half dozen oysters. Before our appetizers came out we got bread and drinks. The panchetta bread was delicious and I could have eaten a whole loaf by myself. For our entree we ordered the wellington for two and we were informed it would take 45 minutes which was fine with us although I'm sure some people would have been less than satisfied with such a wait. Our waiter walked us through the cuts of meat that we had to choose from with the meat cart which is a little unorthodox, but if you don't know much about steak or you forget the difference between a porterhouse and a ribeye, it's good to know what you're getting.. . It took longer than say, Chili's, but by the time we finished our appetizers plus 5 or 10 minutes, our wellington was out. We also had a side of creamed spinach which was very tasty. Charles had recommended one side to split and said we'd have the perfect amount of food and he was correct. I thought I would have no room for dessert, but I was wrong. Enter the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream. This is a must have dessert. We split an order and it was the perfect sweet ending to a phenomenal dinner. . . Everything beginning to end was the caliber of food I would expect from a place with Ramsay's name on it. The waitstaff was knowledgeable and I would definitely go back here. However, if you're looking for a quick meal, this is not the place to go. It is a great experience though if you love and appreciate good food.
11.24.12 Steak (Located in the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas, NV). . I have now been to Steak three times and I think the food is amazing. They are some of the top dinners that I have had. I had made the reservation a few weeks prior for 5:45pm on 11.24.12. We arrived a few minutes early but were seated right away. We were a party of six and were therefore seated upstairs in a large booth with extra chairs on the outside. We were not crowed and had plenty of room. From this level you can look out and see the large glowing red center piece hanging in the middle of the ceiling. Right away you will notice the large wait staff and more than one person helping at your table. I love that there are multiple people serving your table. You never have to wait or ask for something because they always are there. They start you off by providing you with water and leave the large glass bottle on your table. But don't try and fill your glass yourself! They will do that for you the next time they come by. Shortly following that, they will bring the display cart hold all the beef cuts and explain the cuts and answer any question you may have. They will also provide your table with three to four types of bread, which are all wonderful. We ordered several of the appetizers including the fried oysters, two order of pork belly (a must try if you have never had it) and a ravioli. For dinner the most complemented dishes at the table were the fillet, the rib eye, the fisherman's platter and the lamb two ways. Please note that the menu currently listed in the Paris Hotel's website is not correct. The menu is always changing. For sides we ordered the fingerling potatoes, the potato puree, mac and cheese, sauteed mushroom and the peppercorn sauce to accompany the steaks. We ordered three desserts, all fantastic but the stand out for me was the sticky toffee pudding with ice cream and looks like a stick of butter. Our dinner was fantastic. Everything was cooked perfectly and we really enjoyed our meal.. . Impressed
Make sure you stop by here!  By stop, I mean call and make a reservation ahead of time of course.  We called about 2 months prior and had no problem.  Hostesses were very welcoming and gave the little light intro as we were seated.  Our server was Anthony and we loved him.  Him, along with everyone who dropped off our plates were so knowledgeable.  I love to have my food explained as its dropped off.  Bread is spectacular!  Mushroom and that pancetta one were the best.  We had trouble choosing an app, so Anthony surprised us-this was probably when I fell in love with him, don't tell my man! :). I can be a bit indecisive when it comes to food, but I love everything, so him surprising was great.  Brought the raviolo, which were great.  Small and expensive, but we didn't expect much else.  We were there for a big, fancy night of foodie fun!  I had the welly and it was so worth it!  Serving is very large for the steaks, but I ate it all up.  For a minute at the end I almost thought I crushed the welly for 2.:). He had the ribeye and is more than happy to say its the best he's ever had and I agree.  Loved it!  Got the Mac n chz and truffle potatoes.  Go for Mac first, portions are def for sharing.  Would only go with one next time, if any.  Also got to spot Christina on the line, so that was fun.  Plus, was escorted to the restroom when I asked where, love that type of service.  Overall, great experience and we would both do it again.  They take their time in service, with ordering and bringing each course, which is what you want when dropping a couple hundred on dinner.  Wonderful 3 hours we had!
Well, LOVE Gordon and the restaurant is so good, but to just goto have a drink...bring you F*UCKING earplugs cause , sans dance floor why is the music so loud???? Really Gordon, fix it now!
I was visiting Las Vegas for the first time. I am a foodie and I wanted to try my favorite celeb restaurants. We went to the Eiffel Tower and realized Gordon Ramsey's Steak was in the same hotel. There was a 2 hour wait and it was jam packed. We went and found a table at the bar. We ordered the filet, the beef Wellington, the Mac & cheese & the carrots in addition to 2 bottles of wine! It was the best meal of our lives! The beef Wellington was moist & melted in my mouth as so was the filet! The Mac & cheese & carrots were amazing! The service was also wonderful!! Xoxo
This restaurant is probably one of the best restaurantsI've been to! Everything was great- the food, atmosphere and the service! I went here with a girlfriend and we ordered the following:. . Hamachi Cruda - Our waiter recommended this new appetizer and I'm so glad he did b/c it was the BEST sashimi I've ever tasted! If you like sashimi, you have to get this! The sauce went perfectly with the hamachi. And there were 2 kinds of caviars on the plate as well as some truffle on top. I would definitely recommend this appetizer!. . Seared Foie Gras - You HAVE to get this!!! This appetizer was absolutely AMAZING! The foie gras literally melted in my mouth. I had to save the rest of it for after my dinner so I could savor it!! . . Beef Wellington - Cooked perfectly! it was medium rare, just how I like it, and the pastry on the outside was made just right.. . Sticky Toffee Pudding - What a great way to end the perfect meal! The sticky toffee paired so well with the butter ice cream! I don't even have much of a sweet tooth, but I really enjoyed this dessert! . . I had some friends that went the previous day and they recommended the bone marrow, pork belly and foie gras. My other friends also went a couple days earlier and recommended the Rib Cap. I am sooo getting the Rib Cap next time!!! Heard it was really tender. I can't wait to come back and get the foie gras again with the rib cap. . . Not only was the food delicious, but the service was exceptional. The manager Michael really took care of us, and made our first experience here at the Steak - one of the best ever.
This was easily one of the top 3 meals of my life.  I still have dreams about the food, no lie.  . . We had reservations for 4 on our last night in Vegas, and thank goodness we waited until then because Gordon Ramsay Steak blew away every other meal we had while were were there.  We were seated promptly upon arrival.  The restaurant is pretty trendy and loud inside, and the decor seriously reminded me of a trumped-up Hell's Kitchen.  We started off with a round of their specialty drinks which you order on an iPad (weird and cool!)... I had the English Garden and my husband had the Sidecar, both of which were delicious and perfectly balanced.  . . For appetizers, we started with the Caesar salad (which interestingly was served with a scotch egg... yum!) and the Onion soup.  My husband loooooooved onion soup and he said it was quite possibly the best he's ever had.  For our entree, I shared the Beef Wellington for 2 with my friend (don't worry, it comes out on 2 separate plates portioned so you don't have to fight over the meat with your dining partner).  This is their signature dish and it lived up to the hype.  The meat was a perfect medium rare and literally melted in my mouth.  The crust was buttery and crispy and complemented the meat well.  My husband had the Rib Cap steak, which neither of us had heard of... well, it was out of the park delicious as well, and I think it may be his new favorite cut of meat.  We also split the parmesan and truffle roasted potatoes and the tempura fried haircots vert.  Both were wonderful.  All four of us literally cleaned the plates it was so good.. . And then DESSERT!  I had the french press coffee, because for $8, I needed to know what was so special about it.  Well... it comes with 3 chocolate spoons with different liquors to stir into your coffee!  I enjoyed that thoroughly, especially when I complained to the waiter that the men ate my other 2 spoons and he brought us 3 more :)  We split 2 desserts among us- an apple thing that was good but drastically overshadowed by the sticky toffee cake... served with a caramel sauce and brown butter ice cream.  The 4 of us basically fought over that plate.  I would have a hard time ordering any other dessert, because it was that good.. . This meal was pricey but worth every penny.  Gordon Ramsay Steak is now on my must-go list in Las Vegas.
One of the best meals I have ever had!!!. . You have to try this place if you are in Vegas.  But, you had better make reservations far n advance.  We went to Vegas for 4 nights and could not get a reservation.  However, all was not lost.  They have a bar area with about 8 tables where it is first come first served and they serve the entire menu.  We decided to go early and walked right in to a nice table.  . . The service is 5 star. Our server's name was Olga and we immediately put her to the test.  We are a very flirtatious and outgoing group.  She stood up to the test and then some.  The restaurant manager, Jean Phillipe, was supportive, gratuitous, informative and treated us like we were celebrities.. . Now, for our meal.  They have so many delicious looking choices.  We decided to order a variety of appetizers so that we could try them.  The seafood tower was delicious and perfectly done right.  My wife wanted to take home the octopus base - very nice piece of art.  We also had the pork belly and fois gras. Both were incredibly delis ions and cooked and seasoned perfectly.. . There were 4 of us.  Two had to have, of course, the signature Beef Wellington.  It was not my order but I tasted it and it was perfection.  I had the American Kobe Ribeye topped with pan seared fois gras.  I can still taste it now, 3 days later.  It was a steak that I will never forget.. . Finally, for dessert, Jean Pierre asked us to allow him to select the desserts.  They have an award winning dessert chef.  He selected 3 desserts.  I want to kick myself for to remembering the names but they were all off the charts delicious!  JeanPierre even went so far as to tell us which order to eat them.   The one that I enjoyed the most was the last dessert of toffee bread pudding.....very sexy dessert.  The other two involved a peanut butter s'mores cheesecake and a puff pastry with pears....yummie!!!. . We took pictures with everyone although Ramsey was not in attendance that night.  Everyone was happy to make our experience one to remember.  I will definitely go back multiple times.. . Oh, and by the way, they have a very nice wine list.  Unfortunately, my crew did to have any red drinkers so I settled on a couple of glasses of Faust Cabernet as recommended by Olga. Very nice.
Best place ever so worth it! Steak is great! And service in peculiar
This is a place you must eat at if your in Vegas. My boyfriend and I ate there on a Saturday night and enjoyed the atomosphere.The meal and service was nothing but the best. Or server Chris was helpful, polite, and very attentive. We both ordered drinks and an appetizer to start. I had the HK Antioxidant and he had the STKhouse Martini. We ordered the Ricotta Ravioli. The portion was smaller than we expected, but it had a wonderful taste and we enjoyed trying something new by having an egg yolk in the ravioli. The bread they served was wonderful and the men who served the bread were knowledgable and explained each one. For our main meal we ordered the American Kobe beet, Beef Wellington, Loaded Baked Potato, and Brussels spouts.  The kobe beef melted in your mouth and was seasoned just right. I usually need A1 sauce for my steak, but with this one I didn't even think about it because it was seasoned so well. The beef wellington was also tender and flavorful. After seeing them make so many on HK I had to try it. It was a little on the salty side, but despite that I enjoyed it and could taste it in my mouth for days.  The sides were excellent and I really enjoyed the sauce that came with the Brussels sprouts. We wish we had room for dessert, but unfortunately we were way to full. Chris was attentive throughout our meal and was able to answer all questions we had.  He was a fun waiter and everyone there  greeted us and made us feel welcomed. Bonus, we saw Christina from HK working the line. I will defiantly be going to this restaurant again it was the highlight of my trip!
What could be better on your birthday than dinner at GRS? Well, the answer is dinner at GRS and having Gordon Ramsay be there that night!!. . What a awesome experience and what a nice guy. We got to talk to him for a bit and get our picture taken with him and then Christina later.. . The food was wonderful, the staff outstanding, the ambiance great. Chorizo maine lobster appetizer was delicious. The american kobe filet (with white truffles) was like butter. The mac and cheese was outstanding. And the sticky toffee pudding cake - there are not words for it.. . Thank you Mr. Ramsay for a wonderful birthday.
When I walked in, it was like a scene from Date Night with Tina Fey where she feels really old being in a swanky restaurant and then me feeling old that a chick flick geared toward middle aged women is something I know and related with.. . I came here for my one before 30 birthday and was a treat from my boyfriend.  The food was excellent.  I downed a 24oz hunk of meat that if I was alone and in a dark closet I would have gnawed on the bone for a few minutes before throwing it into a corner.  Our waiter suggested getting marrow to eat as a companion to our steak.  It was delicately put to me that it's like meat butter.  Terribly delicious on top of your steak.   The haricot verts I ordered on the side were tempura style but the batter had a hint of citrus.  Shhhh....don't tell my mom but it might have been better than hers.. . I didn't order any of the drinks but my boyfriend had what looked like a mojito with champagne added.  Tasty!. . If you get a chance, the coffee was good but not as good as I hoped.  It might be my time in LA and the Bay Area but I like my coffee unbearably strong now and this was a little weak even though it was a french press.  You might have to ask for it a little darker if you go.  What made up for it was the 3 liqueur infused chocolate spoons.  It was just the right size for a sweet treat without having to order dessert.  It was a waddle of shame back to my room but one will not forget!. . On a side note, I loved their efficiency.  I know Gordon Ramsey is known for that but I didn't REALLY understand until coming here.  I work in the food industry and would love to have my place run as smoothly as his.
Gordan Ramsay Steak met all of my expectations with ease. The service, drinks, food and ambience were exactly what I would expect when having to make reservations a month in advance to eat at a restaurant. . . My husband and I had our 6 year old son with us so we asked for the earliest reservations possible and they gave us 4:30pm even though the restaurant didn't open until 5pm. We checked in with the hostess at 4:15pm and just hung around the entrance chatting with other guests until we were seated at 5pm.....45 min in the middle of a casino goes by fairly quickly! We ordered drinks and appetizers (I had a salad) and the waiter brought out a sampling of different breads before getting to the real deal. For the main course we ordered beef wellington for two, mac & cheese, sauteed mushrooms and potato puree....everything was delicious! For dessert our assistant waiter (Ted, I think!) told us that we couldn't go wrong with the sticky toffee pudding and due to my husbands hesitance he offered to pay for it if we didn't like it. Needless to say, we loved it and despite already feeling stuffed my husband finished one by himself while my son and I shared another. . . We were there for almost 3 hours but never made to feel like campers and our waiters went out of their way to make our 6 year old comfortable and part of the experience. I can't wait to visit this place again and until then I'll be dreaming of beef wellington and sticky toffee pudding!
From the time you enter until you leave, it's an overall interesting experience.   You enter through Paris Hotel and Casino and there is a round Chunnel like structure, which the Door Girl explains transitions you from Paris to England.   Then she pointed out the red neon overhead light sculpture which is to simulate Gordon's hand movements while making Beef Wellington.   All kind of scripted but sets the tone that every aspect of your experience has been well thought out.   We were seated in leather high back chairs at our table.  Very comfortable.   Matthew, our server, and his  waiter assistant provided spectacular service.  We were very impressed.   The only single and very minor disappointment is that the oil drizzled bread was a bit dry.   But that is the only single negative thing we can say.   And keep in mind, there were three choices in bread so, very minor.    I was having dinner with my boss, who is a seasoned fine dinner.  She very much enjoyed herself, as did I.  We started with the pork belly.   Yum!   I decided on the fish and chips because if anyone could pull off a unique twist on fish and chips you would think it would be Ramsey.  And he did.     My boss got the short ribs which fell apart to the touch.   They were phenomenal.    We order mac and cheese as a side.   We both had to take a moment and just close our eyes to enjoy.    When our server's wait staff assistant came to clear out plates, we told him it was too soon, like after you open all your gifts at Christmas and there's wrapping paper and ribbon all over the place, you just want to relax and take it all in for a moment.   He laughed and came back later.   We didn't have room for desert but I'm sure it would have been terrific.   We drank patron margaritas and there were well portioned with alcohol.  After three we were ready for a long winter's nap.   Kudos to the staff at the restaurant.    There was one moment when I had a question and raised my hand to look for my waiter, but was quickly seen to by someone else's waiter.   He came right over to see what my need way.   Can't beat that.   He was eager to ensure our experience didn't involve any delays.   Well done.
I have dreams about this place.  Review to come later....place holder for now.
Wow i dont think that i could ever say how good this was! i mean it was so good my family keeps talking about it. not only was the service good every one was so nice and knew alot about what we wanted and told us everything that we needed to know!  its well worth the money! any time i am in vegas i will be here for sure!
Absolutely, categorically the best fine dining experience I've ever had In Las Vegas and I've had many.. . The food. The service. Impeccable.. . Tip: Make sure you dine upstairs.
Buying an experience in Vegas as a tourist!. . Excited and had a small hype among friends over GR steak before my trip to Vegas.. Glad that I was able to squeeze into the last reservation of the night at 10-ish pm on that day itself, thanks to the help of the concierge at Paris Las Vegas!. . Gotta agree with other yelpers on "being lost after waitress at door asked you to proceed in to the restaurant". Basically you just sit and wait till someone notices you after you entered the restaurant. If not, bug them till they showed you your seats. Else not, you will just be left on the sofa waiting..... . After about 15mins, we were being showed to our seats, and had the menu to look at. Not long after, our waitress rolled out the beef parts and had an excellent introduction of the meat! So detailed, so good!. . I decided on the kobe fillet, paired with a glass of Belle Glos Pinot Noir with the waitress's recommendation. AWESOME!. . We had side dishes too, some mac n cheese, sauteed asparagus and spinach for our table of 3.. . The experience: AMAZING! (expect for that initial feeling lost part...). Service: Good. Very attentive during serving, and very professional.. Food: Really the best steak I've tasted.. Price: Burnt a hole in my pocket but worth that try!. . Partied off the high scoring meat (fats) after our real late dinner at 11pm that night.. . I'M IN LOVE, with GR AND VEGAS!
Me and my boyfriend made reservations and of course I was overly happy to get a chance to eat here.  We were a little late but they had no problem seating us in the lower dining room.  The ambience of this place would fit perfectly in a 30 to 40 something after work crowd.  The decor is modern and the open kitchen adds a great touch.  The music that was playing also fit right into the ambience.  . . After being seated and taking our drink orders from an Ipad, the busser brought us bread (which was just ok) we were able to observe the other diners and their entress.  Needless to say the beef wellington was a huge hit amongst people.  We ordered the pork belly for an appetizer and beef wellingtons, both were cooked medium rare (considering you did not have a choice anyway).  I instantly fell in love with the restaurant because of the delicious food.  The beef wellington was so tender and the pork belly was cooked perfectly.  . . My boyfriend received many kisses and hugs that night!
Truly the best steak house or rather restaurant I have ever been to!. . Drinks: the martinis were really tasty and pretty strong too! I liked the strawberry martini. Apps: We LOVED the apps! I would def recommend the lobster tail. Main course: We tried the beef wellington (classic and great) and the skirt steak withfoie gras. I would def add the foie gras to whatever you get - esp if you live in CA and are deprived.. Dessert wasn't that impressive, but the bread selection that was served at the beginning was really good. be careful not to fill yourself up though :). . Service was top notch - really can't complain
The food was excellent. Honestly, look at the pictures and pretend your eyes are your tongue. That's how good the food was. . . When you go to a place like this though, excellent food is expected. What really elevates this experience is the service. Matthew was our server and he was so attentive and genial. He made sure we not only had great food, but had a great time. My sister's boyfriend even  bought some uncooked items (like the wellington) to take home to my sister and bake in CA since she couldn't be there. Her boyfriend is a server and when one server can't stop raving about another, you know he's got to be good at his job.
I was here in late October, 2012. A group of friends and I went for another friend's birthday and we wanted to try some place special. This place did not disappoint! There were 12 of us in our group and we waited too long to get a prime reservation time, so we settled for 5:30pm. I am not a fan of eating early, as it makes me feel like I'm going to the early bird so I can get back in time for Matlock. However, with this being a special occasion, we took what we could get and learned from our procrastination. . . We arrived promptly for our reservation and were immediately taken to our table. The table was huge and gorgeous. Our 12-person party had plenty of room and felt quite special with where they chose to sit us. Our server introduced herself and she was quite pleasant and knowledgeable. Keep in mind, we intended to do this up right, so we were settling in for a long night and informed our server of our plan. She was happy to spend the evening taking care of us and it showed in her playful attitude. . . Between everyone in our group, we nearly ordered everything on the menu. I myself ordered two entrees because I wanted to try both the Halibut and the Rib Tip. As I like to say, I did it just for the halibut! I'm sure no one has heard that before. . . I could go into everything that we ordered, but it doesn't matter; it was all delicious. Like I said, we ordered just about everything on the menu and we shared and passed around everything like it was a holiday meal. All-in-all we were there for three hours. There was no one trying to rush us out the door so they could turn the table (that is first on my "do not do" list for servers, followed by "act like you want to be here and you want me to be here"). . . The food, the service, the ambiance and the whole experience was well worth it. Oh yeah, we got to meet the winner of Hell's Kitchen, Christina Wilson. She graciously allowed a few of our friends to take pictures with her. Of course, she was super busy, so they tried not to bother her too much.. . If you have the time and are in Vegas for a special occasion I would say this is a must do. It is on the expensive side, but it is an experience you will never forget. Personally, I'm a fan of expensive, well-worth-it meals. I can't think of a better way to spend time with friends.. . One last thing...the cocktails!!!  So amazing. My favorite is The Drifter. This consists of a special batch of Knob Creek bourbon (delicious by itself) added to a little ginger liqueur, falernum (a sweet citrus mixer found mainly in Caribbean drinks) and a little lemon bitters. Oh man this is so good. It is served with a big ball of ice, only one. This helps to keep it chilled without watering it down.  I must say, I have spent the past holiday season trying to perfect it at home and I've come very close. It is about 98% there and I'll take it. I did call the restaurant, but the were reluctant to help me out on the ratios. Luckily my five years experience of tending bar helped me get closer than acceptable, yet just out of reach of perfect.. . Go and have fun!
I'm not one for writing long and lengthy reviews, so this will be straight to the point as usual.. . One of the BEST steakhouses I've been to, EVER!! Everything had the right amount of seasoning. The ribeye was cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth! I could go on for days about this alone! The oysters I had for appetizers were extremely fresh, and the sides were great. . . It did cost a bit of money, but so does everything else on the strip! And in all honesty, it was worth it! I'm going to try Craftsteak next, but I definitely will be coming back here to eat again.
For New Years Eve, I made reservations to Gordon Ramsay's Steak Restaurant a month in advance. I was excited to meet Christina Wilson, the winner of Hell's Kitchen Season 10 but she had the day off. Executive Chef Kevin Hee was really friendly and graciously let me take a picture with him. . . My friend and I were seated in the Mezzanine Level Dining Area which gave us a great view of the restaurant. But I think I prefer being on the main floor next time so I can be where all the action is. The Mezzanine was kind of too exclusive for my taste. . . Everything I ate was amazing:. . Malbec, Luca, Mendoza, Argentina, 2009 ($19) -- Stunning ruby color and has flavors of strawberry with a medium finish. . . Complimentary free bread -- The pinwheel bread was definitely my favorite out of the bread variety. The English Devonshire butter with a stripe of volcanic sea salt was devine! I could eat a whole tub of this butter. :P. . Short Rib Tortellini bay scallops, foie gras emulsion, Sausalito watercress ($19) -- Delicious!. . Roasted Beef Wellington glazed root vegetables, potato puree, red wine demi-glace (For 2, $97) --. I brought my Total Rewards Card and we ordered Gordon's famous Roasted Beef Wellington for 2. We saved a few dollars by ordering 2 beef wellingtons for $97 as oppose to paying $54 for one without the TR card. Our server told us it would be a 45-60min wait. And it was definitely worth the wait. The meat was cooked perfectly medium rare and melted in my mouth. It was totally orgasmic. . . Fingerling Potatoes Parmesan, truffle ($11) -- a little too salty. . I am a huge Gordon Ramsay Steak fan. The beef wellington definitely lived up to the hype and I can't wait to come back for seconds!
Fantastic place to have dinner, whether a celebration is taking place or for no reason at all. My wife and I had dinner on Jan 06, 2013 and the food was deliciously overwhelming. The "fury for flavor" will engage all your senses and leave you wanting more. The drinks are well mixed and delicious, well worth the 10-14 price range. Last but not least, the ambiance is phenomenal; from the staff to the attention to detail put into the decor and service. I will recommend this a to a friend and I will eat here again, again, and again!
Well, I don't even know where to start and sorry for being so late getting this review in.  I had the fortunate opportunity to go to Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse on the Las Vegas Strip , September 13, 2012.   One of the most amazing meals I've ever had and I want to share the experience, so that if you should ever have a chance to dine there, you should!  . . Everything was just perfect and what started it off was the waiter,  Donald (Donny)!  I can still see his face and his attention to his job was impeccable.  Yes, I know it is a pricey dinning experience, but you should go there and order the Beef Wellington.  You will never forget it and after every bite that melts in your mouth, you will be wishing for it from now on!  Also, make sure you don't leave without eating the Sticky Pudding!  I can't remember the appropriate name, but that should be enough to get the right dessert.. . Another highlight of the evening was Christina Wilson, that had just won Hell's Kitchen.  That was the night she came in to start her new adventure.  I got to meet her and she talked in length with me.  Probably because I was seated at the top of the stairs where she was going up and down, so I calmly yelled to her to come over.  Maybe it's a Texas thing!  Sure didn't want her to get away!  :)  She was delightful and I'm praying she is doing well there, because she deserves to be.. . So, make sure you go to Gordon Ramsey Steak, on the Las Vegas Strip and have a couple of good drinks, the Beef Wellington and Sticky Pudding!!!  Enjoy and make sure when you make your reservations, try to ask for Donald (Donny) to be your waiter!!!  Who knows, you might even get to meet Christina!  You won't be disappointed, I promise!!!  All the Best to All that reads this and Happy 2013!!!! .  . Jama from Lubbock, Texas
Consistency can be an issue with many restaurants, but maybe not with Gordon Ramsay Steak? As amazing as my first meal was, I think the second was even better. The seating was definitely better this time around. It helps to ask for a good table and that's exactly what we did. Others have complained about the volume of the music, but it wasn't a problem when we were seated on the second floor in a semi-circular booth. You can't beat that -- comfy digs and a nice view overlooking the dining room.. . Actually, the only thing that trumps that is amazing food. We started with a dozen small, plump kusshi oysters ($42) that were both mild and delicious. They were accompanied by a cocktail sauce, ponzu sauce and a third which I can't remember.. . The best way to dine is to eat family-style so you can sample multiple dishes. After devouring the oysters the beet salad was next. All of the dishes are so beautifully plated and this was no exception. Paired with salmon and bagel crumbs, among other things, it was an unusual mix of flavors that were perfectly in sync. Light, yet bold with a balance of acidity, tartness, and bitterness, it was a worthy way to continue our meal.. . The four of us split two steaks. First up was the royal long-bone chop ($105). A massive 32 oz. cut that they presented right after it was cooked, then brought back to the kitchen to slice so it would be easier for us to share. Thick and savory, this steak is best described as a man's man's steak. It was a grass-fed slab of beef, which was evident in its beefiness and coarser texture. It was amazing and completely different from the second cut -- the American kobe rib cap ($58). At 8 oz. it looked tiny compared to the royal long-bone but packed the "fury for flavor" that the restaurant's signage boldly markets. The buttery taste and supple texture was like combining the best attributes of a filet with that of a rib eye.. . Along with the beef, a side of Alaskan king crab legs ($40) was ordered. Too many places overcook them, but these were the most delicate and sweet chunks of crab legs I've had.. . The mac and cheese ($13) was tasty and the brussel sprouts were delicious, especially with the tiny bits of ham sprinkled throughout the dish.. . Three desserts were ordered. The weakest of the bunch was the carrot cake. It was a tiny square of cake on a rather sloppily presented plate. It was quickly forgotten after indulging in the other dishes. I don't remember the name of the cake-like apple dessert, but it was excellent. And finally, the sticky toffee pudding... damn... I don't know what else to say. As much as others rave about it, it was better than expected. The rich, dense, sponge-like texture combined with the toffee sauce and brown butter ice cream formed the perfect storm of desserts. It satisfied my sweet tooth every conceivable way... texture, taste, smell, contrasting temperatures... forcing my tastebuds into submission.. . After two amazing visits, I don't know how this restaurant could impress me again. But, I'd love to come back and let them try. Every cut of beef has been excellent, desserts are just as good and appetizers and sides would make most other restaurants envious. Consistently great food and service (not to mention the celebrity chef factor) have made this spot one of the hottest on the Strip and the buzz for it is definitely justified.
This wasn't a great meal, it was an AMAZING food experience. That's the only way I can put it. I had the signature Beef Wellington as my main course, the ricotta tortellini as an appetizer, the Mac and Cheese as a side (which was so light and not overwhelming on the cheese side that it acted as a perfect side), and finished it off with Gordon's signature Sticky Toffee Pudding. Also, to drink I had a glass of Pinot Noir which was a tough choice out of their huge wine menu.. . I went in ready to be let down seeing as I was a fan of his and I figured their was no way he could live up to the standard I hold his food at.  I had eaten at Gordon Ramsay BurGR the night before and loved it, but it's hard to mess up a burger if you're an experienced chef. Well boy was I wrong about him not being able to hold up. From bite one of the bread to the last taste of the Sticky Toffee Pudding (and for at least another hour after I left) I was in food nirvana.. . The cherry on top of it all was that the room itself had a greatfancy yet contemporary feel to it with great music playing the whole time, not to mention that most of the hostesses were great eye candy to add to the scenery.. . Do I recommended it? No, I demand you go and try (after saving up a paycheck or two)!
Of course I had to get the beef wellington after being a fan of Hell's Kitchen since the first season.  And being my very first beef wellington ever, I'm happy to report that Gordon Ramsay's version doesn't disappoint.  It's beautifully medium-rare and seasoned to perfection.  Accompany it with a side of their mac n cheese and you're done for the day.. . All the apps we tried were top notch as well:. Fois gras - so fatty, so good and so banned in California lol.. Beef tartare with raw quail egg - super beefy and rich.. Raw oysters - fresh and sweet with notes of the sea.. . I'll be back to try the bone-in new york strip.. . This place gets packed quickly so make your reservations early.
Oh my gosh this was our 2nd time went the 1st time in Nov 2012. Didn't think it could get better, but we had the haricot vert which is green beans fried with tempura batter. I don't even like green beans and these were soooo good. We saved room for dessert this time around the chocolate pudding cake was amazing. I think this price is totally worth it. Best food and service ever! Sean Cudahy was our assistant server he is very knowledgable, pleasant and funny, will ask to sit in his area next time.
I cannot believe that I have waited this long to review the best place that I will probably. have the opportunity to eat at.  Make sure to make a reservation as they do get busy.  Gordon Ramsay has always been one of my favorite chefs and this review will have nothing to do with that.  From the time you walk into the restraunt you will be wowed at the decor and thesetup.  Not to mention that they have an elevator to eat on the second floor.  My wife and I went here dressed up since it is a very nice place and not easy on the pocket book.  The place screams class and has alot of it.  We ordered the limited edition tasting menu not only because of the great food that was listed on it but also because each person that orders it got a autographed photo of Gordon with the menu in a nice limited edition numbered package.  I believe it was $135 a person and if you wanted to pay a little extra for wine pairings you could.. . Each course is brought out at perfect intervals and the service is hands down the best we have ever had anywhere.  We never went without there were multiple servers per table...I felt like royalty.  With each bite of each course I just wanted to cry it was so damn good.  The main course an amazing beef wellington cooked to Gordon perfection.  Everything was perfected not only the way it was prepared, cooked but the presentation was remarkable.  If I knew that I had one day to live my last request would be to go have this meal again at Gordon Ramsay steak in Las Vegas at the Paris hotel.  I cannot imagine this place getting less that 5 stars.  I will be back in the near future.
I'll keep it short. As with most things in Vegas, you get what you pay for. Try the shell fish appetizer- it has a high price tag for an appetizer but you won't have a better variety of fresh seafood presented to you better than this. The wagyu beef skirt steak (like most American wagyu, this wasn't real wagyu, but an incredibly close offering) was incredible! The beef Wellington was good except the dough fell off the steak because the knives weren't serrated to cut clean through. They don't do serrated knives because they claim it tears the meat. Disagree with that but that's ok. Overall great restaurant and you might get a chance to see a celebrity chef at work.
The Tuna was phenomenal. I had it extra rare and I recommend you get it that way. The purple cauliflower glaze was floral and unique. Chris the server and Chris the busser were helpful the entire night. I want to say that I have never received better service. Oh, and the gin martini was nice and dry.
Yes it's pricey. Yes it take a while to get in, even with reservations. Yes it is absolutely worth it! My friend and I went and got the Beef Wellington for 2 and it was amazing. I go to a lot of nice steak houses and generally feel the meat wasn't worth the price. In this case it was absolutely worth it. Not only was the flavor of the dish amazing, but it was quite possibly the best piece of meat I've ever had. The sticky toffee pudding was also amazing, it's quite rich though, sharing it is totally advised, even if you're a sweets junky. I was disappointed by the mac and cheese, that was just "ok," but everything else was absolutely amazing! Highly recommend! Also, the wait staff was phenomenal.
I totally love chef Ramsey and the last time I was in Vegas I stayed at the Paris and I saw them working on his restaurant and I was determined to try no matter what . So for my birthday hubby took me here and Ihave to say I enjoyed my birthday dinner to the fullest .. I was in amazement of the 2 floor restaurant  which the entrance served as a tunnel into London lead  into the bar and lounge area and then to the restaurant .  Had such awesome decor and walking all around the restaurant everyone greeted you with a hello or welcome it was very nice . I had a blast with the drink menu which was on a tablet  .I also loved the meat cart with all the different types of steaks it was very well presented I must say . we were given a bread platter which was yummy but be careful one of the breads had walnuts which I'm allergic to but it was no big deal they gladly exchanged it for  a platter with out walnuts . We ordered the Kobe sliders which were so tasty and delicious and a little pricey but it was worth it .  . . Now for dinner my husband is obsessed with beef wellington and let me tell you that it was very tender and full of flavor and he said it was worth the 52 dollars . He said it was a well spent 52 dollars and highly recommend it to anyone . I ordered the 24oz bone in rib eye and let me tell you that rib eye was so damn tasty ,tender so full of flavor it was delicious and also worth 56 dollars I got to say you are paying for what your eating so to me it was totally worth it . our sides were  truffle mac n cheese and the fingerling parmesan truffle potatoes which both sides were tasty, delicious and cooked perfectly not dried out and the only thing I didn't like was the mac and cheese had green peas but hell I hate that's how good they were and for people who know me I Hate peas   .His cocktails also had lots of flavor and can you taste the liquor it was a sweet cocktail but with a kick and for 14 dollars it was also worth every sip . . By time dessert came we ordered the chocolate layer cake which was very good but I was a big of the passion fruit filling but other wise it was good . I was very happy hubby celebrated my birthday here it was worth it all the way .  Plus of your a total rewards member you get a few dollars off as well which isn't it too bad . I loved Gordon Ramsey steak house and cant wait to come back again that's for sure . . keep up the good service and excellent food I enjoyed it so much if you can splurge then try it because I don't think you will be disappointed at all
What a wonderful dining experience. Restaurant was lovely service was great. Started our meal with the seafood tower, which was amazing and had a good variety. Dinner both of us ordered the beef Wellington and the mac n cheese, which were all to die for. We ended our meal on an even better note when we ordered English toffee pudding, which I still dream about. Definitely  would come back.
You know I don't write a lot of reviews, my usage of yelp is usually confined to looking up what everyone else writes to make a judgment call on where to take my wife and family.  But tonight I had an amazing dinner and wanted to share that experience with the fine readers of yelp.. . First let me say I'm not a foodie per say, I do enjoy a nice meal but I'm probably not as critical as many of the reviews you will find here.  Kitchen and wait staffs are the backbone of a restaurant and also human so I tend to be forgiving if things are not perfect.  That being said I was truly amazed tonight for a few different reasons.. . The first and foremost was the food.  I'm a fan of Gordon Ramsey, his no bullshit take on things and get back to basics approach is rare in a Michelin stared chef, but I'm a fan so I had to eat at Gordon Ramsey Steak.  I just had to.   So my expectations of a touristy restaurant were not massive. Culinary excellence is what I got, and I have to admit that it's the best steak I've had here in Vegas, grilled to perfection and cooked properly.  Something that is very rare when you order medium rare steaks. In fact it was so good and rich that I couldn't eat my side Honestly the best steak I've had here in Las Vegas. The beet salad was most excellent as well.  I wanted it to be, I mean it was in like every episode.. . But that's actually not what made this whole thing amazing, nor was it the wall o' steak they truck out (with waiter provided descriptions!), although it was impressive.  But instead it was the people.... . My waiter, an interesting guy named Chris, was the best waiter I have ever had - bar non, period, full stop, and I mean that.  He's a nice guy and knows what he's talking about.  Very professional, very articulate and very right - on everything - I mean that.  I've traveled around the world, and I've eaten at many places but Chris is the best waiter I had.  So you need to give this guy a raise - he knows how to treat a person, not a customer - a person and for him alone I would go back.  The food is just icing on the cake.  See the wait staff experience is a critical part of the meal and I think a lot of restaurateurs forget that, having a goo server can make or break the meal.  The food came out quickly and at the right time.  That is a choreograph of the kitchen and the waiter, he did that dance well as did the kitchen.  . . The second reason I love this place were the amazing couple who sat next to me, and took pity on a lowly engineer far from home and missing his family badly.   I know this is a food review but this needs to be mentioned and take one for ambiance.. . I'm a fan of the show. So with the sampler menu (which looked amazing) you get a signed little photo and man I wanted that photo but alas I cant eat shellfish so the amazing looking scallops are not something that would be good for me, so I'm out.  I guess they heard me pleading with my waiter or probably saw me staring at my phone at my wife and kids and offered to give me their extra photo.  I couldn't do that, they are fans too but they forced me to begrudgingly take the photo and that meant a lot to me.  Not having the photo but more about an act of human kindness to a lonely guy here by himself for work.  It makes me have faith in the world, and I promise (if you are reading this) I will pay that forward! Remember the cookies!. . People are nice and wonderful and you meet them occasionally - I did. It really gave me faith in the human spirit.. . The last reason why this place rocked my socks was the sticky toffee pudding - now I am not a massive fan even dating back to my time living in England (So I've had legit sticky toffee pudding in so many different places - pubs, restaurants, peoples homes etc.), its ok but there are better deserts out there. Now my wife is a massive fan of sticky toffee pudding so I thought well I'll get it as an homage to her since I miss her so.  . . My god it was amazing, jesus it was good and I don't even really like it that much! Seriously, if you like sticky toffee pudding or caramel skip the steak and get the pudding, it was miraculous.  Well don't skip the steak, it was amazing as well and to skip it would be a massive mistake.  . . It's a tourist restaurant, but the food is amazing, the staff is incredible.  So while it's a tourist restaurant but not really.  Gordon Ramsey Steak is a legitimate fine restaurant and you should think of it that way.  My only wish is that I didn't eat there alone, don't do it if you don't have to.  It's a meal that needs to be shared and talked about.  Order different things, and share because everything I had was amazing but I only had a small portion of what I could have gotten. If you do go there by yourself I hope you luck out and have nice neighbors like I did, they truly made my day, and if you do see someone alone there be nice to them.. . Man that sticky toffee pudding was good, I mean the ribeye was excellent but man that sticky toffee pudding was good.
The absolute best restaurant in Las Vegas.. . Just recently went there for the second time and there's a few things you have to try:. . 1. Beef Wellington. 2. Sticky Toffee Pudding. 3. Coffee of any kind. 4. Specialty Cocktails. . It more than lives up to all the hype!. . My only complain might be that the wine list is a little expensive but every wine I've tried has been amazing.
Rib cap steak medium well was the best dinner of my life. Meat was tender, juicy, flavorful, perfect in every way imaginable. We had dinner at New York New York Gallagher steak house and all I could say that I will never go back to that place. Bad food bad meat ok service
Fabulous!!!!! We came as a table of four for my 30th birthday and had 8pm reservations. We got there a little early (around 7:30pm) and they not only sat us, but gave us the most perfect table! The food was phenomenal but the service topped it. Charles was our server. He was very knowledgable and took great care of us.  Sergio was our server assistant and didn't miss a beat. He was very quick to make sure we had what we needed and our glasses were never empty.  I apologize for not getting the names of the food runners, but they too were on their game. Everything was served to the correct person and they described each dish as they placed it. I couldn't be happier with the experience as a whole. Thank you!!
I meant to write this review as soon as we got home from Vegas on July 20th but forgot to do it so here it is, finally. . . My wife's parents were visiting us from. South Africa and had never been to Las Vegas so we decided to treat them to a dinner at Steak because they watch his shows on TV back home. . . The iPads at the bar are super cool, loved that innovation. We had the Beef Wellington which was out of this world, perhaps the best beef dish I've had in my whole life. The sticky toffee pudding is spectacular. . . One disappointment was that we ordered bone marrow bones and they never came with the meals so when we alerted the waiter he rushed off and returned 10 minutes later with ice cold bones and the marrow was congealed and cold. We sent it back.
Being a huge fan of Chef Gordon Ramsay and his show Hell's Kitchen, I really wanted to have dinner at this restaurant especially since the Hell's Kitchen Season 10 Winner Christina Wilson I believe is the head chef for the restaurant.  I probably made the reservation specialist a little crazy however, she was very accommodating.  My three buddies and I arrived at the reservation time and were warmly greeted.  The staff requested we go into the lounge for a couple of minutes (we were early by a couple of minutes) to start our experience.  The wait did not even take that long.  We were quickly shown to our booth and as our server Chris was getting ready to wheel the display of steak offerings decided to actually show them to us after asking and we agree.  The display was phenomenal and Chris expertly advised what was on the display.  I personally decided to go with the Beef Wellington which is a Gordon Ramsay signature dish.  Chris advised it only comes one way which was I believe medium rare is what he said.  Not remembering if I have ever had Beef Wellington, I was very pleased with presentation and taste of the Wellington.  It was perfectly prepared, lots of good flavor and the accompaniments to the entree were tasty as well.  I also had the side of pan seared foie gras was beyond belief at how amazing it tasted.  I was definitely in heaven with my meal.  My friends that I was with were equally satisfied with their meals and the wine suggestion of the sommelier in regards to a nice red blend was pretty awesome as well.  I have done a disservice by not mentioning it earlier however, the bread selections in place of dinner rolls were just the right petite size with a ton of flavor.  The one selection I tasted was either with pancetta or prosciutto and was just amazing.  The only thing that would have completed the experience would have been meeting Christina Wilson who I actually saw however, Gordon Ramsay has found a gem for his restaurant as she was discussing something with another member of the staff and quickly disappeared again.  The sommelier advised that Gordon Ramsay was at the restaurant however, was in meetings with some of his staff and when the sommelier went to let Chef know that a huge fan was hoping to possibly meet him, Chef was already gone once again.  No matter what, I would most definitely have dinner at this restaurant once again.  Thank you Chris our server, the restaurant sommelier and the entire staff for an amazing experience and a fantastic meal.
Amazing food. Good service and atmosphere.. . Ordered:. . Onion soup - the flavor was good, but nothing very special about it.. . Foie Gras - This is amazing. all the ingredients on the plate work extremely well with each other. Beside the seared foie gras, it also has berries, marcona almond, some granola (i guess) on the plate. I initially thought how the heck these ingredients end up on the same plate. but later realized that if you combine all ingredients in 1 bite, it cuts through the fatty taste of the foie gras and at the same time enhancing the richness and pure taste of the foie gras and melt in your mouth. There's definitely some chemistry between those ingredients in order to deliver that fantastic taste. . . Beef wellington - how can we not try beef wellington when coming to ramsay's restaurant. It was awesome. The beef was very tender, and it melt in your month, it really just like eating chocolate type of melt in your month. . . Kobe rib cap - The steak was very good. tender, good flavor, may not be the best steak I have ever had, but can't really find anything to complain about it either.. . Some side dishes are good. I saw a lot of people ordered bake potato (they are huge), I am not a fan of potato, but if a lot of tables were ordering it, it may be good.
I usually never write reviews, but went to dinner with the wife and our boy tonight and it was awesome. I had high expectations after eating at savoy in London, but they lived up to it. Food was awesome. The steak and seafood was off the hook and the toffee pudding was to die for.  But I have to mention the service.  We had Sean and Anthony taking care of us and it was like 6 star service if I could give it. They knew the menu front and back. They constantly kept an eye on us without feeling overbearing. It was perfect. We definitely would be coming back and for sure we will request Sean and Anthony and for sure some more toffee pudding with extra butter ice cream.
Absolutely one of the best restaurants in Vegas right now hands down!! . . Ambiance is very cool and detailed.. . Food is outstandingly deliciously melt-in-your-mouth excellent! Had the sliders. Wow. So much flavor. Tender, juicy, flavorful... best ever! Steaks were amazing, tender but with real flavor. Fingerling potato were like an unbelievable an explosion of flavor. Truffle + Potato = awesome! Coffee with liquor spoons are so fun and cool. Very unique and delicious. Sticky toffee pudding (piping hot date cake with caramel sauce and brown butter ice cream) is one of the best you will ever try. I've been to England many times and never had anything this good. . . SERVICE WAS OUTSTANDING. . . I have been twice. At the bar Amanda was really amazing. Very sweet and engaging but professional as the same time. Her steps of service, timing, table maintenance was impeccable. Best I have ever had at a bar. Manager stopped by (Mike?) was super cool. Totally knew his stuff and was professional, personal an friendly. Perfect Manager. . . The second visit Abraham was our server. Probably the best server that has ever waited on me. He had a extremely warm, friendly and cool attitude and seemed sincerely interested in my experience. His knowledge and descriptions of the food made my mouth water and were A+++. His recommendations were perfect, each one lined up with what we would have wanted. The timing was perfect, table maintenance was perfect. Level of engagement was spot on. . . In my opinion this restaurant really adds some foundation to the celebrity name of Gordon Ramsay and his shows. He is not just a talker but knows how to set a place up to execute a  perfect dining experience. . . If you're in Vegas this place is a must!
This is hands down my fiance and I's favorite restaurant. We visited over Labor Day in 2012 and we had no idea what to expect since this was our first Gordon Ramsay restaurant that we've been to. Seriously amazing! I had the Kobe Filet and Fire Roasted Corn with Lime Aioli and my fiance had the Skirt Steak and the Mac and Cheese. The absolute best steaks we have ever eaten and we could not get enough of the sides, delish! And the service..? Out of this world! They would come around and pour your water for you, put the sides on your plate for you so you wouldn't have to do it yourselves .. basically, they did everything but hand feed you. We really wanted to try the desserts, but we were so full from our steaks and side dishes that we couldn't bare to eat another bite. . . We will definitely be going back!
What can I say, but WOW!!!!. Started with a long legged young lady taking us up a winding staircase to our table.( our husbands thought that was a great way to start a meal). Thomas,  started us out with a nice Malbec, very knowledgeable wine steward. . We ordered the shellfish platter which was served on an impressive pewter octopus topped with an ice sculpture overflowing with prawns, oysters, lobster, clams, crab.... Ideal way to begin our dinner.... Stephen, the wait assistant, brought out an assortment of breads.  All good but one was so scrumptious, the stilton blue cheese and walnut, I wanted to take home a loaf in my purse.... He was also so conscientious about the cleanliness of our table.. Chris, our above and beyond waiter, brought out the selection of steaks on a tiered display that looked like it was made for jewelry!  Two of us chose the Kobe Rib Cap since we have never had this steak.  I can't find and adjective to describe how delectable that steak was....  We ordered a few sides, mac and cheese, Brussels sprouts, and mushrooms, all perfect but the end to a perfect meal of course was the dessert.. Sticky Toffee Pudding with Brown Butter ice cream.  . We talked about this restaurant the next day, and on the way home on the plane.. We compared it to a dining experience we had 2 years ago in Venice.  . Memorable, outstanding food, great service and will be back on our next visit.. Thank you Gordon Ramsay!!!
We had reservations on 11/9/12 at 6pm. We arrived a half hour early but were promptly seated nonetheless. We were initially greeted by Derek (im not sure of his proper title but was at the top of his game keeping our water filled and clearing away the dishes. His demeanor was that of a consummate professional! . . As for Michael, our server for the evening...I'll begin by saying I watch as much Kitchen Nightmares, Hell's Kitchen and anything else Chef Ramsay puts his effort into.  Michael is carrying on his excelsior standards. My wife didn't like any of the appetizer selections so we asked if a side could be brought out first instead. The request was handled as though it was a regular request.. . Michael did everything in his power to bring us an evening of delicious dining and comfortable atmosphere. I would love to have staff of his caliber at my home-town restaurants but, alas, he is probably on his way up to even higher callings if he chooses to stay in this line of service. . . As for the food experience: it's everything I hoped for. The kitchen staff is delivering not only food but a style of cuisine that hearkens to what presidents and royalty must receive.. . I'd like to thank all the personnel who put a solid experience together for us; we'll certainly be back to do it all over again!
What a great capper to our weekend in Las Vegas. Service was amazing (outside of the somm who was a bit of a grump...perhaps because we brought our own wine?). Matthew and Adrian took great care of us all night, even sending us home with a couple takeout boxes of their amazing breads. The steaks (NY strip for my wife, bone-in ribeye for me) were perfect, and the sides (sauteed spinach, potato puree, and tempura haricot vert) were delicious, and the chocolate layers were rich but not heavy. I wish I hadn't forgotten the GR Steak pens that we were given before we left. I guess we'll have to come back!
Went in to a completely packed restaurant. Boyfriend got the Wellington and I had the Fisherman's catch. They said the Wellington would take 45 minutes. We ordered cocktails and an appetizer. Everything was phenomenal. I mean absolutely PHENOMENAL!!! I HIGHLY recommend the Wellington, it was perfect. We ordered a sticky toffee cake and it was beautiful and sooooo tasty. There is a type of butter/icecream on the side/ Whatever it was, it was amazing and I wish we had something like that in LA. We had the French Press Coffee with the ABC spoons and the Coffee was so wonderful. OH, I forgot to mention the bread with the imported butter with sea salt(lol), I could have just eaten the bread alone and given 5 stars. My boyfriend and I can't wait to go back. It was too good to be true and I can't wait to go back!
I really enjoy this place, the food is good, and the service is friendly.
Oh ribeye cap.... . Where have you been all my life?! I know, I know. You've been there for me the whole time. But like a jerk, I never knew you existed on your own, separate from my now-former favorite cut of meat: the ribeye. You've always been my favorite part of the cow, but I never knew it was possible to have you and only you...Gordon Ramsay Steak made a dream (I never knew I had) come true. The fact that they offer this piece of meat is worth the 5 stars alone. Google it. You know you want to.... . Another 5 star item? The sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream. Not only is the presentation clever (the brown butter ice cream was served as a "stick of butter"), but the flavor lives beyond the looks and the hype. My friends and I agreed: we're willing to brave the Strip traffic and casino smoke to sit at the bar here, have some Rince Cochon on tap and some sticky toffee pudding.. . Other notables:. -the variety of the menu- it is a steakhouse, but if you feel the need to veer from their specialty, they have several seafood and other meat options. My friend got the Fisherman's Grill, a sampling of seafood that includes shrimp, salmon, mussels, lobster and perfectly cooked scallops.. -beef wellington - how can you visit a steakhouse envisioned by a British chef and not experience tender bites of beef wrapped within puff pastry that's not even soggy on the bottom!
WOW!! As a pre-thought, I love Gordon Ramsay and watch all his shows and have waited till one day I would be able to taste his signature Beef Wellington and other dishes like risotto and scallops! So on my trip to Vegas, I made reservations at Gordon Ramsay Steak in Paris and had an amazing time. When we get there, they tell us there is a limited time Hells Kitchen menu with a 5-course dinner..ARE YOU KIDDING ME????? of course! we will take two!!!!  Before we start the 5-course, we get a sampling of different breads(all good) with butter and volcano salt. We are even offered to pick drinks from their mixology menu which is on an iPad, very nice. Now we move onto the 5-course dinner and it entailed: 1) Scotch Egg (basically a soft boiled quail egg which had a fried coating but the inside remained perfect??dont know how they do it!) 2)Beet Salad with salmon and a cream cheese puree, actually really liked it. 3)Diver Scallop with Squid Ink Risotto and Truffle 4) Signature Beef Wellington with potato puree and roasted vegetables 5) Pear Tart with salty peanut ice cream and volcano salt. Every course was delectable and cant wait to go back!!!! 5 stars baby!
Beef Wellington + Macaroni and Cheese = best meal I've ever had.  . Unbelievable and as Gordon would say: "Brilliant!" :D
One of the best Steak's I've ever had.. . We made reservations 1 month in advance and we overheard someone at the door sounding frustrated that they waited 1 hour for a table.. . We walked right in.. . The place is expensive, but the food WAS REALLY GOOD.. . For a super super super fancy dinner, I would come here again.
Must tries are the beef Wellington and be sure to get a side of Mac and cheese (which is to die for!) and cream spinach. Be sure to save room for the toffee caramel cake with brown butter ice cream! It's the best dessert I have ever had. Also thank you Matt and Andrew for the great service! We will be back again if only just for the dessert.
Fantastic meal and service. Exactly what you would you expect from a Gordon Ramsey restaurant.
Our raviolo, Wellington, Brusselsprouts, Mac N Cheese and Sticky Toffee dessert were phenomenal but the service from Chris and Sergio was even better. Great experience.
I went to celebrate my boyfriend's 30th birthday and we had a great time.. I knew it was going to be expensive but my guy is worth it. Our reservation was for 5:15pm on a Saturday. It was not very busy when we got there,but was totally packed when we left 2 hours later.. The service was amazing. They were very thorough in helping me with the numerous questions I had about the menu. I was sad to see some of the seasonal items like asparagus NOT on the menu, but more reason for us to go back. The antioxidant drink was so refreshing and yummy.. we had 5 total. Thank goodness for taxis.. We were so stuffed after the drinks, bread, and our meal that we didn't get any dessert... Again, another reason to go back. . The only negative aspect was the NOISE level. I could not hear my server or my boyfriend. So go for a great meal and great service. But save the chit chat for later.
Love this place!. . We came here at my friend's suggestion since she watches Hell's Kitchen.  I do not but the place looked nice enough from the pictures ofthe website that I was intrigued.  . . While we were waiting for our table, we had a seat in the bar area and lo and behold, who is sitting next to us but the one and only Gordon Ramsay!  He was super nice (which took me by surprise) and even took a picture with us.. . Drinks were great and very stiff.  I ordered a couple of dirty martinis.. . Once we were seated, we were served complimentary bread and butter.  Great variety of bread options.  We started off with the smoked beef tartare.  It was probably a little too smoked tasting for my taste but not bad. . . For my entree, I ordered the Kobe American skirt, medium rare.  It was amazing and so tender!  This place gets steak right!!. . For desert, we ordered the sticky toffee pudding, which really is as great as everyone says.  . . All in all, a great experience.  Our reservations were at 9 and I don't think we left until 12:30 a.m. but the experience really flew by, since we were having such a great time.  Fantastic service too!
Unbelievable experience at Steak on 12/29/12.  Osetra Caviar and champagne withsweet waffle-like tiny blinis OMG.  Long Bone for two melted in the mouth.  It was served medium rare in the truest since - more toward rare than I thought I would have liked, but after trying this aged meat, there was just no way it was going back. It was, heavenly. Staff helped with pairing a great Pinot Noir; the experience was simply out of this world.  Perfect in every way.  I can't wait to return!   !  Oh, and it was also one of the most romantic dinners of my life.  No way too loud.  It was just the best.  THANK YOU!
This steakhouse was absolutely outstanding.  It started off with the hostess explaining to us about the decor and then our wait staff (Mike White and Sean Cudahy) were very attentive and helpful with food choices.  The Fried Blue Point Oysters were a great appetizer and I would order more great food instead of filling up on the delicious bread.  The caesar salad tasted like a great balance of flavors, not sure if they will put more garlic or anchovies on for you, but we thought it was good with out over loading the flavors, like at home.  I suggest ordering the Kobe American Filet, because of the tasty crust and perfectly done inside of the steak from the start of the meal to the last bite.  The Beef Wellington was good, but I preferred the Kobe fillet for the pure taste of the meat.  The only thing better if you have room is the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert and it pairs well with several wine choices.  We were impressed with the wine because it had many of our personnel favorites, consult the sommelier because he was very good at pairing to enhance the experience.
came here for dinner on Feb 22. when i showed up they were very freindly. told me there was a 10 min delay. so they took us to the bar. we ordered drinks and right before we got them they told us our table was ready. i knew what i wanted before i even walked in there.  that was the beef wellington. but i wasnt just about to order i was going to enjoy the whole experince. the waiter introduced himself and his assistant. gave us the bread and water. $9 a bottle. so it isnt free guys. they showed us all the cuts of beef. they all looked awesome. we ordered and waited a fairly good amount for the food. thankully we ordered the shrimp. that was some good shrimp. delicious. then our orders came in. i received the beef wellington and the wife got the chicken. that thing melted in my mouth. the chicken was great too. the wellington was medium rare. cant wait for another visit.
Absolutely excellent meal from top to bottom, the Wellington was a life experience in perfection.   Highly recommend getting the desserts, we have the sticky toffee pudding, and it was unbelievably delicious.   Bring an extra stomach or two, you won't want to stop when full ;p
This was BY FAR the best dining experience that I have ever had and I have been to some GREAT places.   Pretty pricey but well worth it!!!   . . Our service was great and they were very attentive to our needs (refills, etc) . . During the meal, Chef Christine came out to our table to wish my sister a happy birthday which was pretty cool!   . . We started with Ceasar Salad and that was great and then we were given different kinds of breads and the steaks were the best -  we did order the sides to share for the table but I did not have much of that since I was pretty full!  . . I would definately recommend this place when you go to Las Vegas,  we had considered other locations and am very glad that we settled on this one!!!
Tony...Tony...Tony!!! Tony was our waiter and his recommendations were SPOT ON!! We started with the Pork Belly appetizer.... It was perfection. Such a wonderful mix of flavor and texture. He recommended the perfect wine for my wife as well. Treated us as we were the most important guests in the restaurant! Wewere there to celebrate our 12 year anniversary (sans kids) from 4 hours away (Orange County) and we were made to feel as if we were the most important guests in the restaurant. Thank you so much!! What a night to remember! My wife enjoyed the Kobe Rib Cap. She said it was the BEST steak she had her entire life! I had the New York Bone In Steak and it was superb. For sides, Tony (our waitor) recommended the fingerling potatoes and sauted mushrooms. They were the perfect sides! Worth every penny....  We tasted 3 deserts! The chocolate layer cake was my wife's favorite and my favorite was the sticky toffee pudding. They can't be beat!! We were so impressed that we had to compliment the general manager, Jean Philippe. It was such a nice experience. As a teacher and a police officer, we are not used to the 5 star treatment. We found the staff and general manager to be very gracious and thankful for ours acalades. We would come back 100 times. Thank you for a great meal and experience to all! The food, staff, and atmosphere were a perfect 10..... Gordon Ramsay should be proud!..... William D. Posting on my wife's account.
My wife and I ate here the day before Valentines.  We had a reservation which is a must.  First we arrived about 15 minutes before the reservation and sat down in the elegant bar area.  We both ordered martini's which were beautifully made and delicious.  The bartender was super friendly and very personable.  We were almost sad to leave the bar to go eat dinner.  I recommend arriving a little early to have that romantic drink with your significant other at the bar!  We were then escorted to the 2nd floor and sat at a table close to the edge so we could see down into the 1st floor dining area.  I really wanted to sit on the 1st floor so I could see the chefs preparing the food but I didn't complain.  I'll ask for a table on the first floor next time.  The atmosphere was great!  The waiter explained the menu and then told us a steak trolley would be by to explain the steaks.  While waiting we reviewed the menu and quickly knew we wanted to try the Hells Kitchen tasting with the wine pairing.  I believe the cost was $145 + $75 for the wine pairing.  Yes, it's expensive but so worth it!  Here's what we had and my opinion:  Scotch Egg - Amazing!  Roasted Beet Salad - Amazing!  Scallop Risotto - Did I already say amazing?!!!  Roasted beef Wellington - Amazing again!  Dessert was Pear Tarts - Really delicious!  The only negative I could even say is portions are small as can be expected.  My wife and I are small people so we were very satisfied regardless.  Highly recommend if you are willing to pay!
Late night, looking for somewhere to grab a bite to eat, we stumbled over to STEAK and they informed us they were only serving the bar menu.  We thought we'd try it anyway.. . I ordered the Kobe Burger and my friend ordered the seared Foie Gras!  Ridiculously delicious is how I would begin to describe the taste of the Beef and the Foie!  It was so great we went back for lunch before leaving town.  . . In Vegas, I've been to Homestead, Ed Ogden, and the Palm @ Ceasars, and Craftsteak @ MGM, so I've had some great steaks, and that led me to a high standard of expectation when Oscar, our bartender, suggested the Kobe Ribeye Cap and described in detail its tenderness and flavor.  He knew his stuff well because we both ordered it and it marked the #1 Steak I've ever had on my list.   The lightly marbled texture gave it an incomparable flavor to any I have ever had before.  We also added the Foie Gras again to top the steak, accompanied with Spinach and the Truffle Mac & Cheese.  Oscar suggested pairing it with a Malbec which I found to be a little dry for my taste, so I chose a nice, aromatic and wet Pinot Noir.  . . The atmosphere was a relaxing change from the loud and excitable sounds of the casino.  The other bartender, Tracy, was very sweet and helpful and I typically wouldn't dine at a bar, but the bar area in STEAK is very welcoming. With Oscar and Tracy hosting us, we felt very comfortable.   . . In summation, if you are looking for the best cut of beef in Vegas and/or decadently prepared Foie Gras, STEAK is the place!  Gordon Ramsay maintains his unparalleled high standard in service, style and flavor and has now provided me with my favorite steak in the world!
One of the best meals we have ever had. The seafood platter was delicious. . With a side of roasted bone marrow just for fun! Two of us had the bone in rib eye with foie gras add on.. Decadent.  The side of Brussels sprouts added some green to our fat fest. My wife had beef Wellington.. She said it was the best meal of her life. Everything we ate was perfectly done and perfectly seasoned. The portions were also perfect for the price.. This meal was on a different level than any other restaurant I have ever been to, Sure I can spend half the money and make a meal that will blow my guests away.. and NEAR this level.. But I will work my ass off doing it.. I forgot to mention the bread. I don't eat bread but the Brioche called me. My god it was good. I found 50/50 Brioche and bone marrow was just about right.
My husband and I went for dinner here for our post-wedding dinner.We made a reservation for 530pm but they were able to seat us early which was very appreciated. The ambiance was lovely and we were seated in the most comfortable chairs I have ever had the pleasure to sit in at dinner (I mention this because you will feel like you need a chair to wallow in after eating so much). . . The drink menu is on an IPad, which was neat because you get pictures and descriptions of all drinks so it makes choosing easier. Sort of. We had about 4 different cocktails because they all looked so good it was hard to narrow it down. We were served a fancy little bread plate and ordered the ravoli for an appetizer (delicious!).. . My husband ordered a filet, I got the beef wellington, and we had the mac n cheese and buffalo carrots as sides. The steak is amazing, but I urge you to order the beef wellington! It is rare to find it on a menu anywhere and it is one of the best things I have ever eaten, hands down. The sides were excellent, and as they are served family style there is plenty to go around. . . Please get dessert, and make it the toffee pudding. I wanted to cry a little because it was so good. . . As far as the service is concerned- our waiter was wonderful, our drinks were never empty, and our table was always clean, organized, and full of food. It was an absolutely lovely dinner and I cannot wait to go back.
OMG! BEST MEAL EVER!!!! And since we live on the strip, we've been to some pretty amazing places like Cut, STK, etc. Everything from the wait staff to the perfect scrumptious meal was AMAZING! We had the Lobster tail stuffed with Chorizo-that was yummy but could have used more chorizo because I love it so much. My husband and I split the Beef Wellington...WHOA! Like nothing I've ever had before...SUPER tender and extremely tasty. We also had the American Kobe beef rib cap..again, the flavors were phenomenal and once again tender! And last but not least....dessert....WOW that was an experience in itself! We had the award winning Sticky Toffee Pudding....It was THE BEST THING I'VE EVER TASTED! My husband said it was like "sex on a plate"! He's right! I would have never had ordered that because I'm a chocolate lover but the waiter was awesome and recommended it...we were so glad that we listened to him because otherwise we would have missed out! We can't wait to go back!
My two sisters and friends ate here as a get together in Vegas and I have to say that I was skeptical because it was run by a TV personality chef, but that was soon allayed. I should also point out that I worked in a couple of four star restaurants serving from dishwasher to chef. The waiter Charles Narak was without a doubt one of the best professional waiters I have encountered in the past twenty years of so. Having professional staff like him can literally make or break a good place because you never know what kind of attitude the customers bring with them and it can influence it has even if the food is great the dining experience may be ruined and they may not come back. My sister had some dietary restrictions due to allergies and being a polio survivor and other conditions and one of the things she can no longer have is pepper which many restaurants use to make lower salt items. Charles consulted with the chef and they had conversations and not just a scribble on order. The outstanding, the staff was a well-oiled machine with little wasted effort and it did my heart good to see it.. My other sister who does not like carrots loved Gordon's recipe that came with the Beef Wellington as did I. across from me a friend had some sort of sea food delight thing that as nearly flawless but tasted better than it looked. I had Wellington back in the nineties when I had money in a famous New York restaurant for $150 and it was about half as good, making the less than $50 price a bargain. In looking at other tables I also saw other people's food items I also wanted, but as watching the staff made the night for me and it did my heart good to just see them in action with no holes in the line-up. I opted for a Belgian pale because I don't normally think wine and Vegas generally belong in the same sentence but if I do return I think I'll look at the list. When I go back I will rectify my only regret of not ordering the Cassolette and compare it with the Paris five star versions. When I go to Vegas there is no doubt that I will return because sadly the quality and the prices are not a good but this is the exception.  If you go there you will not be disappointed in any offering. Go there, go there now.
Superb restaurant.  Steak very very good almost perfect. Probably one of the best steaks ever ( and I have been to many).  And the sides are excellent. Definitely would go back again if I go to vegas. Service was very friendly and genuine unlike alot of american restaurants whos service is all about the tip/ gratuities.  Conclusion: excellent food and service but alittle noisy (but hey we are in vegas.......what the hell turn up the music).
What an incredible meal at Gordon Ramsay Steak! After years of watching Hell's Kitchen, we were excited to eat at one his restaurants and finally try his famous Beef Wellington. . . They offer a nice selection of bread - different and unique flavors. We liked their presentation of the different cuts of meat so you could see exactly what you would be ordering.. . The Caesar salad was good. It was a typical Caesar but I really did like the dressing, which had more of a tangy taste and was a nice twist. The Beef Wellington was perfectly cooked - so tender and melted in our mouths. The mac and cheese was nothing special, a bit bland, but we loved the mushrooms. And as everyone else has said, thesticky toffee pudding was absolutely to die for! Definitely pricey, but a fabulous meal with great service that makes a special dining experience.. . P.S. for Hell's Kitchen fans: It was neat seeing Christina, the winner of the Hell's Kitchen, cooking in the kitchen too!
Came here back in June, we had a reservation, but still waited a little while. Needless to say, it was well worth the wait! You really cannot get Beef Wellington like this at any other steakhouse that I have been too. This is what Gordon is known for, absolutely special and worth any wait. The service was impeccable and the restaurant was very cool. A wonderful meal and a can't miss when in Vegas.
One of the top 5 dinners I have ever had and the most spectacular service. Chris and Nate were amazing and attentive. We ordered the menu from Hell's Kitchen and loved every bite.
We went here to celebrate our 10 year anniversary.  I read the other reviews, and I mean I read almost every one of them, but I'm glad I did because it gave me some ideas of what items to order. What I found to be consistent was that even the people that gave bad reviews liked at least one item. The Beef Wellington, macaroni & cheese, and the Sticky toffee pudding dessert were among the top items liked. . . We arrived 10 minutes before our reservation and we were sat immediately, so this was a great start. When we were lead in by the hostess we were given the little tour/explanation of the design and the decor and you could tell that she had given this spiel so many times that she was just going through the motions.  But we didn't really care anyway.  When we were seated, we were greeted almost immediately and given a drink menu. Again, another good start. After the meat cart presentation, we ordered the Beef Wellington, and Macaroni and Cheese, as well as fingerling potatoes and the Kobe rib cap.  We were told that the Wellington may take a few extra minutes but we didn't mind the wait and we appreciated the heads up.  We were brought bread before the meal.  It was a variety of different types of bread.  We especially liked the prosciutto pinwheels.   . . Our meal arrived sooner than expected, it was presented beautifully, and the taste was incredible. The Wellington and the Rib cap truly melted in your mouth and the macaroni and cheese and fingerling potatoes were a wonderful addition to the meal.  The smokey flavors in both side dishes matched perfectly with the beef.  After many minutes of silence at our table, we started to get full, and we had only eaten half of the meal. The portions were plenty for us.  We knew we had to save a little room for the Sticky Toffee Pudding and we are so glad we did.  It was unbelievably good.  The butter ice cream was amazing!. . By far this was one of the best meals we have had and we will be returning every time we make it to Vegas.  If you have not been there, you have to at least try it once to form your own opinion, we are so happy we did.  The service, food, and atmosphere were top notch.
I'm a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay (well I am British!). This restaurant opened last year when I was in Vegas - on the day we left town and I was super gutted to miss out.. So when I found out we were visiting Vegas again the first thing I did was make a reservation (thanks open table).. Our reservation was for 515pm on Friday night, I did notice on their site it mentions that the dress code is 'business attire' so I made sure neither my husband or I wore trainers. Was a little disappointed to see a few people walking round in shorts and crocs, guess they don't like to turn people away. Although there was no mention of a dress code on open table when I made my reservation.. I read lots of reviews prior to going and read the menu before I went in so knew before I sat down that I was having the beef wellington and sticky toffee pudding.. My appetizer was maine lobster which was divine and my husband had the fois grais which was also divine. I have only had beef wellington once before - which seems strange as Im British, and this was Christmas last year when I made it myself! So I only had that to compare to. Either way it was amazing, melt in your mouth. My husband had the rib cap and he said it was super good. We shared the carrots which were great and the creamed spinach (was ok - very salty).. Dessert came and we decided we wanted to try two things, so we had the sticky toffee pudding and the carrot cake, I don't like carrot cake, but hubby assures me it was great - as for the sticky toffee pudding - WOW!! it was the best I've ever had, and I have had a few in my time. We were so stuffed after and felt like we could have sat in the comfy chairs all night.. It was quite loud in there, we were near the kitchen, but we could hold a conversation no problem.. Before you order you get to see the meat trolley and all the different steaks, which is pretty cool, but after a while having it pushed by your table (we were next to the kitchen door), it did become a bit annoying.. Our server was very helpful and polite and we were greeted by each staff member we encountered,. I would really like to try the tasting menu, so may have to go back for a second visit.. Also it's not cheap - so be warned and make sure you make a reservation. There were lots of people being turned away
Amazing. We went with the reviews of the Wellington and toffee desert. Everything was amazing from the food to the service and the lively atmosphere. Will definitely be back to try different items.
We ate on 3/12/13 and it was Super awesome...first of all CHARLES, u were wonderful. We were seated at what i call the picnic section in our dress and suit and quite frankly didn't feeling like sharing my meal w/ strangers. They quickly moved us to a booth-awesome and everything was heaven from there. We got the hell's kitchen menu and it was superb...if u want a nice night out you won't question service or food and even though it's a little pricey i will pay that for wonderful food and wonderful service....even the gm jean phillipe showed up and he was very caring of the night we had....thanks Gordon- ur pub and grill needs work at Caesar's though
We went here in our September 2012 trip. We had a reservation ( you likely will not get in without one) and still had to wait about 20 minutes for our table.  Not a big deal.. We both got strong drinks, very well prepared.  The bread assortment was very  nice.  I had the Beef Wellington.  OMG, I am still dreaming of this dish!  It was perfect to the last bite.  My husband had the short ribs and he said they were very good as well.. We wanted to try a dessert but didn't have room.  But we will next time we go in May. Don't pass this place by, you will regret it.
From the moment you approach this restaurant you're in for a treat.  Upon entering you are greeted by 7-10 20 something girls dressed in all black.  Then you enter the restaurant with a flawless totally Vegas decor.  I was in town on business and decided to treat myself since I'm a huge fan and have never dined at any of his establishments.  All I can say is it is worth every penny.  Be careful not to fill up on the bread because it is tempting.  I had the Bone-In Ribeye, Cajun Style cooked Medium Rare and I can honestly say it was in the top three steaks I have ever had.  It was seasoned and cooked to perfection.  The dessert was absolute heaven.  Do yourself a favor and order the Sticky Tofee pudding with brown butter Ice Cream.  This is the best dessert I have ever tasted.  The place plays music from all decades and all of them are classics, which just adds to the ambiance.  There is a reason this place will do 25 million in it's first year in business.  It's pricey, but you're in vegas, so go big or go home.
We had a great time at GR Steak. The food was nothing short of amazing. We had the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu, and we loved every course - in my opinion the salmon beet salad was actually the best of the 4 - seriously, I know "beet salad" is usually nothing to write home about but there was more flavor-per-inch in this thing then I have ever tasted in my life.  The scallops with squid ink risotto, beef wellington, and scotch egg were all very good as well.. . The staff was extremely attentive and very friendly, one of them even wheeled over their hilarious meat trolly for a second go-around so I could get a picture with it. Honestly my only complaint would be that the price was a little outrageous. $200 a plate was what it worked out to for my group of four, but hey, you pretty much know that going in so I can't complain too much.
From the moment we walked in the doors to our departure the experience was amazing. The service is by far the best I have ever received and the food was exquisite. For anyone coming to the strip I highly recommend coming here.
This is the place for steak, if you like beef Wellington well then eat all you can while you are here because there is nothing juicier than the Wellington here. prices are over 45 on average so prepare your budget. the atmosphere is very nice and waitresses are smoking hot, you can't go wrong here.. . Update 3/20/13. . Got here again, tried porterhouse 16oz and it was fantastic. Extremely tender, done medium rare as I wanted it, and also got a side of mashed potato puree which complemented the steak perfectly. Our wine enthusiast picked out a bottle of 08 Embruix, Priorat which was fairly nice though a bit spicy for me. Distilled water comes in 9$ bottles, we didn't know that when we arrived so if you don't want to pay for water just ask for ice water (they only ask if you want distilled or sparkling). Hells kitchen tasting menu is also available for a limited time, its 145$ for 5 courses and an autographed photo of Ramsay and 75$ more for wine paring on this.
After making reservations about a month in advance (probably overkill, but doesn't hurt), I kept thinking that I DID NOT want this place to disappoint. I watch A LOT of cooking tv, including Gordon Ramsey's shows. This would be my first experience at one of his restaurants.. . Our reservation was at 5:45 and we were seating immediately. The hostess made a couple stops on the way to our table to give us some background into the artwork that made up the restaurant. The place has a very modern feel to it. Although I sort of wanted to watch the cooks in action, I was happy to be seated in one of the balcony tables over looking the entire restaurant.. . Our server (Dennis, I think) did not miss a beat. He was friendly and talkative enough to be effective, but not so much as too interfere with our special evening. Actually the whole staff was great. From refolding our napkin when we got up to answering any questions we had, they were a great team.. . I did make a pitstop to the bathroom so I could catch a glimpse of Christine from Hell's Kitchen. She was there expediting...and apparently doing a great job. The food was exceptional!. . My girl got the beef wellington and I ordered the ribeye. Both were some of the best meals we had eaten. We also shared the fingerling potatoes. They were alright, just potatoes. In hindsight, I might have ordered the potato puree.. . For dessert we shared the S'mores cheesecake. It was presented beautifully and tasted even better.. . I HATE paying for water at a restaurant (2 bottles cost us 18 bucks), but I'm sure they would have provided tap if we asked.. . If you are in Vegas and looking for a great dining experience, give this place a try. You will not be disappointed.
Imagine if your average Chunnel ride included service from GRS.  Picture a comfortable seat in an underground train.  It's a Saturday afternoon just before lunchtime.  The Eurostar is just beginning to move.  Things get noisy as acceleration increases and then it levels out.  Your trip is underway, under the sea and under the ground.. . From the galley, a steak cart is wheeled out toward your seat.  Eyes dart from newspapers to the nine(?) raw cuts of meat, each individually displayed on its own stand with tiny mirrors revealing the deep red and intricate marbling of each steak's obverse.  Instead of the steak, you choose a double pork chop.  Your neighbor asks, "What do you do with that meat on the cart at the end of the night?"  The waiter replies, "We throw it away."  Rule: Never get the display model of anything.. . Next is the surprise.  You didn't order any tasting breads, but they've arrived anyway courtesy of an African waiter named Muhammed.  There are four types.  These breads are succulent and daring.  You would grovel to them if breads were superior to humans on the food chain.  Muhammed asks if you would like more and you say yes and point out your favorite two.. . The appetizers are next, a raviolo and a chorizo-stuffed lobster tail.  Inside the raviolo is an egg, which proves that the chicken did not come before the egg.  1. Ravioli, 2. Egg, 3. Chicken.  This question is now settled for all future generations.. . By the time the pork chop's arrived, you've nearly begged Muhammed to bring you more bread.  The chop is thick and juicy and cooked medium.  A short, thin bone sticks out the rear, pointing at the person sitting across from you.  He didn't order the GRS with his Chunnel ticket and you can tell by his smug, nasty look that he is regretting it.  The chop is cooked like its brother the steak, charred on the outside and drizzled in a delicious dark sauce.  You remember that incredible, brined pork chop you had only a month ago that you thought was the apex of cooked pig.  You stand corrected.  It is okay to be wrong sometimes.. . When you arrive in France a few hours later, you are dead.  What?  Yes, you have been executed.  It turns out you are a criminal and that was your last meal.  As your soul descends or ascends to its final resting place, you seemed shocked-shocked, but satisfied.  As you say your goodbyes, Muhammed hands you one more piece of bread in what looks like a reenactment of the Creation of Adam.. . Goodbye cruel, delicious world.
Everything was amazing. We went back twice in one trip!. . Kobe filet- Perfect, best filet I've ever had.. . We tried 3 diffrent desserts- all awesome ( Carrot cake, Apple cake, Sticky toffee pudding).. . The kitchen is open and you can see Christina from last Hells Kitchen which is cool if you are an HK fan!
Like someone just slapped your tastebuds silly!. . I'm a huge fan of Hell's Kitchen, so when I heard one of the newest restaurants he was going to open was going to be in Vegas, I flipped! Finally, I would get to experience one of his restaurants! I've been dying to eat one of his beef wellingtons after watching 10 seasons worth of contestants make it!. . The hubby decided at the last second that we would drive to Vegas on Thanksgiving weekend, so getting a last second reservation was IMPOSSIBLE. Thank goodness for the bar area - first come, first serve! We came pretty early for dinner, so there were still a couple of tables open.. . When you walk into the restaurant, it's nothing like the Paris casino. So hip, modern and cool!. . It was so hard holding back from ordering practically everything on the menu, especially the appetizers! Lucky for us, the hubby and I went with our friend who used to work with the executive chef, Kevin Hee, at a previous job. So, he graciously sent our table extra appetizers!. . All of the appetizers we had were great! The hamachi crudo was amazing! I loved the Iberico ham gelee and the caviar and truffle were an extra nice touch! The fried oysters had great texture! Just enough batter to oyster. Loved how they presented the oysters in the original shell! The kurobuta pork belly was so tender and flavorful! . . The best appetizer of them all was the FOIE GRAS. *drool* I miss foie gras in California, so being able to eat this was a treat! So buttery and I loved the sweetness of the huckleberry with the salty foie. . . The hubby and I shared the beef wellington as our main dish. It was cooked just right! The filet mignon was super tender. I loved the pastry dough on the outside. Don't forget to soak up the red wine demi glace with it! Just be careful though, the combination of the sauce and pastry dough make the steak slide around when you're trying to cut it. . . We accompanied our steak with sauteed mushrooms and green been tempura. The mushrooms were good. The bonito flakes made it interesting. The green beans were nice because they were still really bright green and crispy even though they were fried. Great with the garlic aioli it came with!. . We were sooooooo full after all of this. I almost skipped dessert. But I took one look at the menu and I just couldn't resist.... . STICKY. TOFFEE. PUDDING.. . This dessert is miiiiind blowing! From the second it touches your tongue, it's like BAM! Sweet pudding cake smothered with brown butter toffee. OH. EM. GEE. And don't forget the brown butter ice cream! SO GOOD! You will instantly make room in your stomach for this heavenly treat. You MUST get this dessert no matter how full you are!!. . I had a great experience here! I would come back to just chow down on appetizers and that amaaaazing sticky toffee pudding!. . By the way, sign up for a Total Rewards membership. You'll get a discounted price on all their items (about $1 - $2 off per item). Totally worth it! Can't wait to go back!
it is all i envisioned it to be- great food, great service, friendly staff- what else can a foodie ask for.  lets break it down:. - beef wellington - must have! great steak wth a hint of sweetness - big steak eater but i've never hadvthis before. - kobe skirt steak - melts in ur mouth; so much better if u order medium rare- frien had it medium. - seafood plate: fish was surprisingly super delicious, evrything else in d plate was tasty but nothing i havent had before. - pork belly appetizer: i've had pork belly before, different but i would skip it if u've had this meat before. - sauted mushrooms is definitely a must have! fingerling potatoes tatse like potatoes and loaded baked potatoes is humongous!!! better be hungry- love that it has chunks of bacon - YUM!,. - HK antioxidant - soooooo good - gotta have it. Wish i had room in my tummy for dessert but i was in a food coma i cant do it- next time =). Saw Exec Chef Christina - very friendly and accomodating- took pictures with her and as busy as she was took the time to be entertaining- love, love the attitude! congratualtions!!!. Asst Mgr Mike was so awesome - made us feel very welcome - cant say the same for our older waiter who felt like he was just in my face selling me their food - i watch Hells Kitchnen for heaven's sake! i kowwhat i came there for- told him i was a fan -he's nice tho and he's jst doing his job so i cant hate ond guy.  next ime in vegas - i HAVE to come back!!! hoping GoRdon Ramsey himself would b there - wishful thnking! = ))
This place was well worth it. I've been meaning to eat here for a while now since it opened and my fiance and I finally made reservations. The weird part is they only have reservations for 5 and 9pm. The food is amazing. I ordered the signature beef wellington and it was delicious. I will definitely be making a trip out here again. We also got to take a picture with the executive chef christina. I had a great time and enjoyed everything.
Great place! Putting everything aside -HK, tv personality, celebrity chef, ridiculous tunnel to London, neon lights-  food was pretty good. Definitely up to par with renown restaurants in Vegas. . . I went with my wife and decided to split every portion in two. Presentation was flawless.  Ordered beet salad, Kobe sliders, and the infamous beef Wellington with a side of garlic mushrooms. . . A pleasant surprise was the beet salad. so simple and yet flavorful, that it was borderline genius. I am tempted to say it was the best part of dinner. . . Kobe sliders were very nice, nothing mind-blowing. Beef Wellington was great and after all the hype it didn't disappoint. . . As others yelpers have mentioned, assorted bread was very tasty and nicely selected.  . . Overall, great experience and food. Being a vegas local, I would definitely return.
We stayed at The Paris on our most recent vacation.  All week we bopped around Vegas trying different places to eat.  On our last night, we were tired of bopping and shoving with the crowds and thought it best to stick close to "home."  Part of our decision included a ride to the top of the Eiffel Tower after dinner.  We decided at the very last minute to eat at Gorden Ramsey's.  We had read other reviews about people waiting weeks in advance to get a reservations so were knew what to expect when we got there.  Weren't we lucky that they did barely just have room enough for the two of us at the bar to eat (menu is the same as at a table) without a wait on a Friday night.  Luck-ee.  . . All of the bartenders were friendly and went out of their way to serve and make casual conversation while we were at the bar.  My husband ordered a martini and was quite impressed when he was asked if he wanted it shaken or stirred.  We both had the small petites which were cooked to perfection and were very good tasting. We also ordered a side dish of the purree Yukon Gold potatoes which were very nicely done. The presentation was outstanding and we'd gladly drive back here (five hours by car)  just to eat here again.  Yes, we thought it was THAT good.  . . I especially enjoyed seeing how classy and sexy all the ladies were outfitted in their sparkly sequined uniforms.  Even the gentlemen (managers?) were in suits with ties. I thought that also was a real nice touch.  The alternative style background music (which I don't normally enjoy) seemed to only add to the ambiance. Some of the nicer restaurants we eat at at home have gotten away from some of these extra touches. . . Overall, this was a wonderful evening and we can thank Gorden Ramsey's Steak Restaurant for this experience.  Bravo, Gorden keep up the great job!!!!
Incredible experience from arrival to departure!  My husband and I go to Vegas a couple times a year and love to try new places to dine.  We do one splurge meal a trip.  We both agreed this was our favorite spot all time over the last 10 years....we've been to a number of great places like Prime at Bellagio, Delmonico and Aquaknox at Venetian but this was a terrific experience.. . We started with a bottle of wine ordered from ipad and the sommelier was very helpful picking our choice.  I had the steak tartare and I am still craving that again, was really the best I've ever tried outside of France.  We both loved the Beef Wellington but honestly I would have been fine to split it, was alot of food!  Try to find space for the sticky toffee dessert.  And the coffee came with flavors melted on spoon, very creative and tasty.. . We were seated in a very nice table facing the kitchen which we really enjoyed, and the service from our waiter Charles was impeccable.  I will be booking this restaurant the moment I make flight plans for our next trip to Vegas.
Dennis was our server and he was awesome.  I was with my son.  We went to see Jersey Boy's and then just walked across the casino to Steak.  It is a fun atmosphere and everyone that works there is very professional.  Dennis was excellent at answering any questions we had and helped make our first visit very comfortable and delicious.
Really cool entrance (tunnel from Paris to England) and was highly impressed with the IPad placed at our table to view the drink menu. Found a new steak option, the Kobe Skirt Steak. Thin enough for me to have it cooked Med-Well. The mac and cheese and brussel sprouts were amazing. They are doing a fine job for fine dining, they should give this man a TV show
I've died and gone to heaven, which apparently comes in the form of Gordon Ramsay Steak.  . . From the minute we checked in to the minute we exited the Chunnel, my friends and I were treated like royalty.  This is, by far, one of the best dining experiences I've had. And the man who made it an even better experience was our server, Dennis.  We started off with drinks and had a question regarding Pimms Cup.  We were not familiar with the alcohol, so we asked Dennis who proceeded to give us a brief history of the origin of the liquor.  We were blown away!  The drink by the way, was delicious. Sweet, bubbly, and very refreshing. Next came the bread.  Yes folks, I am about to swoon over the bread.  The prosciutto and fig bread left a smokey flavor in my mouth that I almost did not want to eat anything else in order to savor the flavor.  I said almost.  But then I put a little bit of butter with the black, volcanic, himalayan sea salt over the stilton bread which left me with my own salty volcanic explosion on my tongue.  Amazing!. . It was time to order and Dennis was very patient with us.  He was honest and helpful about what to order and gave great descriptions about the food.  For an appetizer we decided to go with the kobe sliders and the chorizo stuffed lobster.  Both which were very satisfying.  The beef was juicy and seasoned well.  The lobster had a bisque over the top that, if I could, I would pour myself a bath of it and eat my way out.  Then came our main course.  As a Hells Kitchen fan, I had to try the beef wellington.  That was a no brainer.  Between the table, we also had the roasted chicken and filet.  For the sides we had the carrots and the mac and cheese.  Did the beef wellington live up to the hype?  Why yes friends, it did.  Dennis recommended medium rare which I was a little leery about because I usually prefer medium.  But he had not steered me wrong yet so I had to do it.  And he was right.  The wellington came out beautifully with a perfect crusty, flaky puff pastry and melt in your mouth beef.  My mouth was overwhelmed with flavor.  I also sampled my friends dishes and the chicken was moist, the carrots left a hint of heat in my mouth, and the mac and cheese.... Oh, that mac and cheese.  The perfect blend of cheeses.  Salty, creamy, with a little bit of a crunch over the top.  One of the best I've ever had.  . . Completely stuffed from my meal, I still had to save room for desert.  I've heard so much about the sticky toffy pudding that I knew I had to try it.  Dennis agreed.  He told us about this award winning sticky toffy pudding and we knew we couldn't leave without it.  We also ordered the carrot cake to sample the menu a little more.  The carrot cake was delicious and I do not want to undersell it because that alone would have been a great end to the meal.  But the sticky toffy pudding brings a tear to my eye just thinking about it.  The presentation was creative with the brown butter ice cream in the form of a stick of butter and a small butter knife in it.  Then there was the mouth watering sauce over the top of the warm, fluffy pudding.  I took a bite with each component and I literally sighed and melted into my seat.  Best. Dish. Ever.  I would make the 5 hour drive every week to Vegas to get just one bite of this sticky toffy pudding.  If you go to Gordon Ramsay Steak and can only get one thing, GET THE STICKY TOFFY PUDDING! . . I've been to many fine dining restaurants before and this one is definitely at the top of the list.  Thank you Dennis, for making it a fun and inviting experience.  The next time I am in Vegas, I will visit Gordon Ramsay Steak again.  Here's hoping Mr. Ramsay will venture out to Phoenix and leave behind one of his awe inspiring restaurants.
WOW! Smoked steak tartar, filet, service, the whole thing - spectacular.
Worth EVERY SINGLE PENNY YOU SPEND!. . Arriving at Paris Hotel, there is not a clear sign that points which direction you are suppose to walk in....I laughed when it was pointed out where the restaurant was...there is a HUGE sign that clearly states his restaurant (still, it should be included on the street signs in Paris that points you in the right direction).. . Hostess stand---hmm...not sure how i feel about the hostess stand and the initial greeting....sometimes i expect to much...... . Went to bar while waiting---you MUST try the HK Antioxidant...YUMMO! Greeted instantly by the bartenders...drinks were FAST, and they even gave us the bar menu in case we were hungry while waiting.  Bar atmosphere is GREAT....Lots of mixed crowd..good energy.. . The hostess then found us and took us to our seats (credit to be given, she did offer to carry my drink!--good job honey!)....we stopped and she pointed out the light fixture above everyone that is Gordon's hand movements when he prepares his most well known dish, beef wellington.  Gordon--that is SUPER cool! Very impressed and great conversation piece! Oh, and the hostess did wish my boyfriend and I a "happy anniversary"....thank you again!. . Now our FANTASTIC night began because our server, Dennis, introduced himself! LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE HIM!!!!!  When is comes to service, I expect HIGH QUALITY SERVICE AND TO KNOW THE ENDS AND OUT OF THE MENU, WINE LIST, AND RESTAURANT HISTORY!!! Dennis surpassed ALL of my expectations! ASK FOR DENNIS WHEN YOU ARRIVE!!! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!. . He was so attentive, but not annoying about it! We asked for suggestions, he gave them, and they were right on!  . . The beef tartar is yummy, and my boy loved the foie gras....Fish and chips were yummy(but we did expect more of the pub style...really the fish tail still on....uhhh), BEEF WELLINGTON FANTASTIC, mac and cheese AMAZING...LOADED BAKED POTATO AMAZING!! So much amazing food!!!! Did I mention the bread they start you with..PANCETTA bread.....IM IN HEAVEN!!!!! All dishes had an amazing presentation.....Next time, Im going for the beef...they have a meat cart that shows you the selections on the menu...oh yea baby, going for the porterhouse RARE!  I love that you have a meat cart!!!. . No room for dessert...which was a shame, but I was barely going to be able to waddle to the cab......... . I LOVE this restaurant....I go to Vegas a few times a year, and I will ALWAYS stop at Gordon Ramsay Steak.  I LOVE Dennis....I will ALWAYS ask for Dennis!!!! This is the guy you want on your team! I LOVE THE FOOD!!!! Thank you for a great experience! . . Like I said earlier, WORTH EVERY SINGLE PENNY!
Bone in Ny was unreal. Our server james was outstanding.
This was definitely the best steak we have had.  With a party of four, we ordered the Porterhouse for two; ribeye; and the Beef Wellington.  The Wellington was mine; I have always loved it and never see it on any menu.  We chose to dine here because of the Beef Wellington.  The roasted root vegetables were outstanding and left me wanting more.  We ordered mac and cheese for the table and it was okay, not the best.  The cheese was too mild and lacked flavor or seasoning.  We also had carrots and it felt like someone forgot that they had added the cayenne pepper twice.  It was way over-spiced and almost inedible.  But the bread was amazing and the other steaks were perfectly done.  Unusual.  And the best was last -- there is no better dessert than the Sticky Toffee Pudding with Brown Butter Ice Cream.  Never have I had such a fine ice cream.  Perfect in its rich smoothness.  Our service was excellent.  Richard and Derrick were attentive and personable.  We really felt like VIP guests.  Kudos on outstanding team from the" Master Chef" was there and we were told no by the Hell's Kitchen winner we were hoping to see -- Christina!  I just wanted to shake her hand, but I am sure the term Master Chef(a different competition) threw her off and she thought we were looking for Gordon Ramsay.  At the time, I thought she was just blowing us off.. Still an awesome experience.
We flew to Vegas mainly for this restaurant! All I can say is I have been to A LOT of restaurants from 5 star, celebrity to local favorite and this restaurant by way was the best I have ever been too. . . The prices are expensive, but portions are perfect and the prices are similar to Mortons or Ruth Chris steak. . . There was 4 of us I had the beef wellington (3 yrs of waiting for it) and was in LOVE! The carrots side dish OH MY delicious! The other 3 had filet each one could be cut with a butter knife and perfect temp on all. We had the strawberry and cilantro dessert OMGOSH so light and yummy! . . The SERVICE was a 10. If you dropped your napkin 10 seconds and a waitstaff would be on top of you getting it for you. Same for drinks if it was 3 quarters gone and they already had  another one coming to you. Decor was perfect. . . JUST AMAZING, so impressed and love Gordon even more. I even got some info from the staff and they all had good genuine comments about the restaurant and the managment/owner.
I decided that I'd take myself out to one upscale restaurant during my stay in Las Vegas, and after some careful research landed on Gordon Ramsay Steak. I think I made a great decision.. . The restaurant itself was full, so I was sat in the bar, where they serve the full menu. As a solo diner, I think this was actually a better place to be: the atmosphere was lively and friendly. My server was attentive and helpful.. . I started with a Vesper, the classic James Bond Martini, which was well-balanced and one of the better-mixed cocktails I've ever had. A selection of breads followed, which were all delicious, even if some fell into the all-too-American trap of being too sweet. They were accompanied by "Devonshire butter", which made me chuckle, but it was undeniably a delicious way to begin. These were signals: I knew I was in for a treat.. . My appetizer made me cry. Sounds pretentious, I know, but I actually shed a tear. It'd been a very hard year, and this moment of luxury was a catalyst to begin letting go: a single raviolo, filled with ricotta and jamon, and an egg, such that when I cut into it the egg burst and mixed with the ingredients to make a fine sauce. Brown butter, watercress and edible flowers all added delicate notes to the flavor. It was more than the sum of its parts, and I couldn't begin to understand how it had been put together. A surprisingly emotional piece of pasta.. . The steak was ... steak: a high quality piece of meat, perfectly cooked. I followed the advice of reviews I'd read and didn't bother with the sauces, because I knew the meat would stand on its own. (I'd hazard to guess that, had I chosen a sauce, it might have made me cry all over again.) I lingered over it. At some point, I swapped my Vesper for a Drifter, mixed with their own proprietary whisky, which added its own complementary note.. . And then, sticky toffee pudding. I grew up in Britain, and have had my fair share of these - but this eclipsed them all. The ice cream (more brown butter) perfectly offset the sauce and the pudding, while the pudding itself wasn't cloying or stodgy. This is a miracle for a British pudding.. . I didn't want it to end. When it did, and I stumbled through the neon tunnel back into the smoky reality of Paris, Las Vegas, nothing quite seemed the same.
Best piece of meat I've ever tasted.
By far the best meal I've had to date. I will definitely be back for more!. . My party had the Tasting Menu - I highly recommend as you get a signed photo from Ramsay himself! The portions were a bit smaller, but with 5 courses and the most delicious little breads, we left full and happy! Finally got to have Beef Wellington!. . The service is absolutely wonderful! Dennis was awesome, and even sang to another guest celebrating a birthday - and I'm talking Broadway singing. There were several waiters attending to us throughout the night. Amazing decor and ambiance - the main dining room is 2 storeys and modern. On the second level, there is a smaller dining area that reminded me more of an older English pub, that accommodated some of the larger groups.. . It is pricey but worth it - they even bring out the cuts of meat on a cart, you select your drinks using an iPad. Thank-you so much for a fantastic meal and memorable evening!
I have been to a lot of restaurants here in Vegas, but Ramsay's steakhouse is by far the best meal I have ever had!
THis was hands down one of the best meals of my life. I had the steak tartar and oyster as an appetizer the wellington as a main course, the fried green beans as a side and the sticky toffee pudding as dessert. It was all exquisite and I will definitely be back. The one thing which I found tacky was that as we were leaving our server (Chris) asked me if I write yelp reviews and if I would be willing to give them a positive one. I found his service to be average at best and odd that such a high end place would ask that.
Great atmosphere and the steak is absolutely fabulous! Melts in the mouth!
WHERE'S THE DAMN WELLINGTON?!?!?!. . This is a question I ask myself on a regular basis because Beef Wellington is simply my favorite dish on.earth. . . Additionally it is also IMPOSSIBLE to find at a restaurant unless you do a search online for it before heading out - not every steakhouse or UK pub is going to have this delightful staple. . . So, as many Vegas stories go...I had no idea I would be eating here last Friday night, come again I also had no idea I would be in Vegas last Friday night, and I sure as hell had no idea that this decision would come 15minutes into getting home from the office on a Friday. . . Ah, America...we go off impulse like it's going out of style. . . Anyway, I was in town for 1 night (things get pretty expensive otherwise) and had this place on my 'to try' list for over a year...I say a year because every time I go to Vegas I get someone who cries broke and doesn't want to get a great meal or even worse, drags me to a buffet (gross). . . I showed up solo while waiting on friends to arrive in town and dined at the bar by myself, I of course had to get the wellington and the very nice (and quite stunning) girl behind the bar informed me that it would take roughly 45 minutes.. . I can see where this may be a problem for some but I had nothing but time and wasn't super super hungry anyway so this didn't bother me one bit. In my time I enjoyed a couple of cocktails, picked away at an assortment of delicious bread and had good conversation with other patrons/staff. . . When my Wellington arrived I was impressed, the plating looked very precise and symmetrical..the only thing I did not really care for was the vegetable portion of the dish - not because of the flavor - trust me they were tangy, crunchy and awesome, but because there was literally 4 cubes the size of a Pico di Gallo cut that were included - it literally shouldn't have even been there or - otherwise mentioned if I could fit the entire contents on half a fork full. . . The wellington had a great flavor, very robust flavoring and an assortment of buttery textures that I found to be extremely pleasing. Oh, the potatoes were OK too, but this was a dish that was all about the entree. . . Would I come here again? In a heartbeat - for the Wellington though, I would kick myself if I didn't order it every time I saw it on the menu next to other entrees. . . Bill for 1 was around 120 with tip - booze included.
This was a splurge visit while in Vegas, actually more of a destination during our trip.  We made reservations online and we only had to wait about 5 minutes to be seated.  The service was outstanding, they catered to our every want at the table.  Our water was continually full and they kept the bread tip top.  They even gave us a to go of our favorite dinner rolls.  The beef wellington is really that good, it melted in your mouth like a hot stick of butter.  The scallops were amazing!  We had the Hells Kitchen sampler during our visit and got the wine pairing, worth every penny in our opinion.  It was truly an experience.. . Oh and they have this meat cart they roll around to show you the different cuts, it is freaking awesome.  It has mirrors on it, enough said!
We did not have reservations, but we walked in and got 2 seats at the bar immediately. We ordered the pork belly appetizer which was tasty, but a bit underwhelming. Our server informed us that the Wellington we ordered would take about 45 mins to cook. It was probably closer to an hour during the dinner rush, but well worth the wait. Our wine was a fantastic pairing and the complimentary breads were fantastic as well. We had to catch a show so we were in a bit of a rush and didn't have time to truly enjoy the full dining experience, but it was still a wonderful time and a phenomenal meal!
Between the amazing food wonderful wait staff and beautiful ambiance you just can't go wrong with this place. You are treated like royalty if you find yourself in Las Vegas you have to visit this place but be sure to make reservations or you won't get a seat.
I used to visit and look forward to going to Vegas for the nightlife and view all the pretty female faces.... Since GRS opened last year,now my enthusiasm and priority is going back to GRS. Exceptional food and service. Usually dine at Mastro's in Bev Hills and GRS may actually be better. .   Staff at the bar is fantastic,especially the young female bartender (I won't use her name). Always a smile and genuinely pleased when I show up..    Starter Ravioli diish alone is worth trying . Steaks are fantastic as are the sides. Even the coffee presentation and breads are fantastic. I've also had the Beef Wellington ,another treat . You can tell they have high standards and strive to maintain them..   Anyone giving it a low review must be projecting and merely has it out for the chef himself. Granted,it isn't cheap,but it's Vegas. Judging from the majority of the crowds  in Las Vegas, they probably would be better served going to Hooters to eat anyway:)
Ate here for my birthday dinner on my recent trip to Vegas.  You can make your reservation 2 months in advance.. . Waited just a few minutes in the lounge for our table.  Hubby had the shrimp cocktail appetizer and the Kobe rib cap, I had the filet, we shared sides of mac & cheese and brussel sprouts, and we got the sticky toffee pudding dessert.. . Everything was delicious and the dessert was the best dessert I have ever had (and I've had some good ones).  Would rank this as one of the best meals I have ever had, and second only to N9NE in Vegas.  We almost went back later in our trip just for the dessert again.. . I do think my steak was medium rare instead of medium but it was so delicious, I closed my eyes and ate it anyway.  . . Only negatives were the lighting in there is weird (so none of my pics are very good) and they didn't recognize my birthday (even though it was on my reservation) until I mentioned it.  They brought me a candle on my dessert (but it wasn't free).  I also prefer when steakhouses have you cut into your steak after they bring it--it's a nice touch that GRS should implement.. . Bill with tip and a beer for hubby was $222 and worth every penny.
This restaurant is incredible! The service and food quality is always top notch. Future father in-law loved his Beef Wellington, and my fiance with a small appetite ate every bit of his delicious rib cap! My lobster and truffled fingerling potatoes were amazing! I could eat 50 of both! The best drink-The Drifter-amazing!. Our server was Ted, followed by our server assistant Sean. They were both extremely knowledgable about the menu/food allergies/beef origins and selection. With impeccable service and stellar food, my family and I cannot wait to go back!
Loved it.
This restaurant served as a wonderful anniversary experience for I and my husband this past weekend. I highly recommend trying this restaurant for a special night out. My servers Dennis and Jessica were the best servers I've had in a very long time. They made our visit here top notch and truly special with their attentive attitude and pleasant service. . . By recommendation of my server Dennis, I tried the strawberry martini and thought it was delicious. My husband tried the bottled passion fruit green tea ice tea since he was not looking to have alcohol and he really enjoyed it; I soon after ended up ordering the black sage ice tea for myself and it was just as enjoyable to me too. Supposedly, the ice tea is not sweetened but it's so flavorful you really don't need to add any sugar to it. For dinner my husband ordered the the Foie Gras appetizer which he loved. I had the rib-eye steak cooked medium-well with the side of mac and cheese and was very satisfied. . . Desserts: well, all I can say is it was a joyful experience. You must try the toffee pudding if you're looking for a mesmerizing sweet escapade. If you live for desserts as much as I do, I am warning you, please do not forsake this treat. We ordered one for each of us and do not regret it. Now go, ENJOY!
We chose Gordon Ramsay STEAK for a bachelor party dinner and I'm so glad that we did.  Our reservations were for 9:30, however we needed to get into the Chateau nightclub next-door by 11pm.  Figuring we would probably be seated late, we arrived early at 8:45pm and asked if we could be seated early which I know is tough to ask on a Cinco de Mayo weekend (and on a Saturday to boot).  They escorted us into the lounge where we got a couple of drinks and within minutes our table was ready!  We sat down 20min before our reservation which was perfect.. . All of the girls working there are just gorgeous.  The service is outstanding.  The food even better.  I've eaten at N9NE for instance and wasn't all that impressed by the decor (the food was good though).  Gordon's is very vibrant inside.  It's trendy and energetic without being too noisy.  . . We ordered the filet, 24oz rib-eye, the NY Strip, Ahi Tuna and Foie Gras.  The Foie was just outstanding.  I'd come back just to order that again and for only $20, it's a must-have.  All of the steaks were cooked to perfection (mid-rare).  The sides were less spectacular (brussel sprouts, mushrooms) so I'd probably choose a different side next time.. . Can't wait to come back!
Having our daughter's bachelorette party in Las Vegas, the bar was raised on everythingwe did as a group. It was difficult to get into any of the Gordon Ramsay restaurants, but we got lucky and made an early dinner reservation at his restaurant. I have an allergy to pepper and often am forced to stick to salads for dinner as they are easy to control. NOT THE CASE HERE! I was able to order anything I wanted as it was all prepared fresh. I had the most delicious mixed grill of shrimp, steak and pork cheek with veggies and a fabulous bread basket.  All ten of us were overwhelmed with the quality of the food and the experience the front of house staff provided.  We were well attended, shared delicious wine, and fully accomodated.  Would I go back? Yes, in a heartbeat.
Top notch food and service! Great place for a date. Sticky toffee pudding to die for and served in a really interesting way.
I am in love with the bartender Tracy. She is just amazing, professional, sharp. She recommended the right appetizers, the perfect steaks, and wines, and even the desserts. I will definitely come again because of her, although Mr Ramsey may get pissed
We had a reservation months in advance and they let us in on time. The hostess showed us around the restaurant, kind of like a mini-tour, which made it feel really exclusive and classy. The interior is amazing and they gave us a seat in the upstairs back room where most big parties were seated (orso it seemed).. . First of all, the service was excellent. The servers seemed genuinely happy to serve us and were very helpful. I thought they would be more condescending because, well, it IS Gordon Ramsay's restaurant... But no, they were down to earth, happy to answer questions and made suggestions as well. They also recommended how to have the meat cooked but never pressured any of us at our table to get it done that way.. . I was also thoroughly impressed by the "meat trolley" that came out. It was amazing. They had their cuts laid out for display, and the waitress explained each and every cut, how it prepared and how it would be cooked.. . Lastly, the food. I order the bone-in rib eye (24oz) with a side of tempura and garlic aioli. The rest of my party had the beef wellington and the kobe american rib cap. When I first cut into the rib eye, i thought it had been overcooked. I asked for medium. But it became red when I cut further into the meat. It was very succulent. I also had a bite of the beef wellington which was also amazing.. . The best thing on the menu was the toffee  dessert. The moment we all took a bite out of it, our lives had changed. Do NOT leave that place without trying the dessert.
We finally got to go to one of Gordon's restaurants, and it was well worth the wait!!! they roll a steak cart out to show you all the cuts of meat they serve, how cool is that!! I really wanted to try the famous Beef Wellington, but was a tad disappointed to hear that it automatically is medium to medium rare, unfortunately, I like medium well, but the NY steak did not disappoint!!  and the ribeye was to die for!  Our waiter was so nice, he even pointed out Gordon sitting at a table downstairs, I would have gone down to meet him, but he was already getting ready to leave, so I missed that. I completely recommend this awesome restaurant!
Gordon Ramsey steak restaurant in Vegas was amazing. Beef wellington melted in my mouth. Potatoes puree delicious. The toffee pudding cake to die for. Awesome service as well
Service: Extremely attentive. Almost too much so, but they really took care of us. When we first arrived, the hostess asked if we would like to take the stairs or elevator (I think it's common practice, but we noticed that none of the waiters were taking the elevator, so maybe they aren't allowed), we went through two big bottles of water because they were constantly refiling our glasses, and our waitress seemed overjoyed when we handed her a cash tip. . . Food: Perfect fish, perfect meat, perfect pastry, perfect perfect perfect perfect. My boyfriend said it was the best meal of his life. The portions are "fancy restaurant small" for some dishes... don't be fooled. We were SO full.. . Price: Expensive, but expected. My boyfriend and I got waters, ordered one appetizer (Hamachi Crudo), two entrees (Beef Wellington and Seafood/Fisherman sampler), a side (truffle mac and cheese), and desert (blueberry tart). Ran us $206 after tip. . . Overview: I recommend everything that we ate. Cooked perfectly, well balanced, and there are some "food snob" items along with some very basic but tasty items on the menu. The atmosphere is kind of pretentious (the hostess explained concept behind the huge, neon, chandelier/piece of art in the center of the dining room, etc.), but I chalk that up to the location, and Gordon Ramsay's idea of what a Vegas restaurant should look like. The food speaks for itself, and that's why I was there.
Great experience!  We got the Hells Kitchen tasting menu and it was fantastic. Our waiter's name was Matthew and he was just wonderful!  When you get the tasting menu, you get a souvenir menu with a photo of Gordon Ramsay.  When we told Matthew we were big fans of Hells Kitchen,  he had our menu signed be Christina Wilson - season 10 winner of Hells Kitchen.  This may be geeky, but we were thrilled.  Our 4 kids love Hells Kitchen so this was great for us.  We also took our picture with Christina.  Amazing food!  Amazing service!  Highly recommended!
Food was amazing. Service was awesome. Will go back every time I come to Las Vegas. Christina Wilson is an amazing chef.
American Kobe Filet!!! Life changing! Don't pass it up!
It truly is amazing to taste such gorgeous dishes. Ones that we take for granted, yet when cooked by genius chefs anything but ordinary. Yes it's expensive, but if you ever wanted to try the absolute best you must try this, once in your life! . . 5 stars just under rates it ! . . Add it to your bucket list :)
Hard to believe that a Ramsey restaurant could live up to the hype, but it  was everything expected, and more.  Fabulous room and other worldly service. The sommelier was a particular standout .. Needless to say, this is a very expensive experience but worth the money IMO.
We truly enjoyed our experience at this restaurant - from the fabulous food to the exceptional service. What made it extra special for us was our incredible server, Dennis. He made us smile (and laugh!) right from the start and his knowledge and recommendations for the food were truly appreciated.  We had the 24 oz Royal Long-Bone Chop for 2 - melt-in-your-mouth tender. Others at the table had the Beef Wellington (what's not to love about that!), and we enjoyed a number of sides. It was a toss up between the mac and cheese and those truffled fingerling potatoes for us. Or maybe the heirloom carrots (who knew carrots could be that good?) or the mushrooms? Wait - can't forget the unique selection of breads served at the start. Yup, we asked for 2nds. And the Sticky Toffee Pudding - heaven! Went to Gordon Ramsey's Grill and Pub the next day to have it again - without having to share it.  Plan on visiting again when we're back in Vegas this September. And, Dennis, we really hope to see you again!
Came here for my birthday on a Monday night in May, reservations at 8pm. Restaurant was pretty full but our table was ready within about 5 mins of our arrival. Service was excellent. The meat trolley was a really fun & unique way for them to display their cuts. I ordered the Wellington, and the meat melted in my mouth. Delicious. I wasn't a huge fan of the rest of it, though. The meat alone was more than filling. One friend ordered the short rib, but it was too salty for her. My other two friends ordered the Fisherman's Grill & both said it was the best seafood they'd ever had. . . We also ordered side dishes to share: the loaded baked potato, roasted heirloom carrots & the mac & cheese. I was pretty full by this point, so didn't try the potato, but they said it was good. The carrots were good but spicy, and the mac & cheese, we all could have eaten a gallon tub of it. It was divine. . . We ordered the sticky toffee pudding w/ brown butter ice cream for dessert & it was worthy of plate licking (we didn't). SO good. They brought out a very yummy complimentary ice cream for my birthday. All in all, a delicious meal & a restaurant we'll def return to next time we're in Vegas.
We went with no reservation on a week night and could not get a table so we sat in the bar area and were able to get service. Our waitress was AMAZING. I have been to many high end restaurants and this was one of my top experiences. We decided to try different things such as the beef tartar, which came out with a smoky hickory cover and elevated every sense. Second was the mac and cheese with a variety of breads, which we deemed as food crack. Last was the infamous beef wellington. It was amazing, the beef perfect and tender. We were fully satisfied, but even more amazing to meet the hell's kitchen winner who was the head chef, Christine. She was very nice and we thanked her for an amazing meal. So, even not at a table, we were treated like royalty and it was an amazing experience.
My wife and I had an amazing experience here. The food was delicious but I was blown away at the service. . . BEST SERVICE I'VE EVER EXPERIENCED.. . The wine choices were great and the bread they serve was so unique and flavorful. We both had the beef Wellington and I would highly recommend it.
Expectations set VERY high and those expectations were not only met, but exceeded!. Timing. Presentation. Taste. Service 5 stars!
This place was phenomenal. I'm in Vegas by myself so I decided to not make a reservation and just eat at the bar. I ordered the HK Antioxidant cocktail, the American Skirt Kobe, and the Mac & Cheese. The drink was fantastic, as was the steak. It was cooked to perfection and had a wonderful flavor. The Mac & Cheese was unique, but delicious. The bread they brought out before the meal was amazing as well. The service was top notch, although that's what I would expect for the size of the bill.
Our server treated us like we were his only customers.  The Beef Wellington was simply the best thing I have ever put in my mouth.  The manager walked us out of the restaurant while asking us if everything was to our satisfaction.  You could tell Gordon's standards were in practice.  Expensive, but worth it!
Three of us went to GR Steak for dinner (5/28 at table T34), based on the glowing recommendation from a friend who came last week. Thankfully we had reservations as the place was full.  We were not disappointed.  The fantastic evening started with the service. Our server, Charles,  explained the menu, showed us the steak trolly and introduced us to the Hell!s Kitchen tasting menu (HKTM). The one catch with the HKTM is everyone at the table must order it.  We decided to go with it based on Charles thorough description. I recommend the wine pairing with that. In addion we added a 3 ounce potion of  A5 Kobe Filet at a pricey $30/oz. It was worth it, beyond expectation. It was truely the best mest we ever had.   the stick toffee pudding was wonderful.   The whole experience was 5 star and worth the $700 rice tag.
Thank you GR for being my first......time trying Japanese Kobe.  A rare treat!  . . Food fabulous, service superb:    A perfect pairing were Charles N and Jered C.   Knowledgeable, professional, and welcoming, they walked us through an amazing meal.   We also enjoyed American Kobe.   There are not enough superlatives to describe the service and the entire meal.  . . Atmosphere is great.  We sat in a lovely round booth upstairs with a view of neon and restaurant.   One thing, tho, could you dim the interrogation light shining over us in the booth?  . . If in Vegas, it's a MUST!!  Best meal of my life! . . We are huge GR fans.   Loved BurGR, as well.
Wife and I took my folks to GR Steak, and had a wonderful time.  The music was quite loud, my only complaint, but otherwise it was very good, matching my experiences at his other restaurants.. . We ordered a seafood platter appetizer that was nothing short of amazing.  Stacks of ice blocks, filled with oysters, shrimp, scallops, lobster, clams... amazing.  We loved our meals, served by the very attractive wait staff, and really had a great time.  The only thing I would critique about the food is that after ages of watching Hells Kitchen, my wife and I ordered the beef wellington, and it was served here with no sauce.  This made it dryer, and well... no sauce.  Seemed like a mistake in hindsight.
OMG!! The best food t ever tasted. I had the Beef wellington SOOOO GOOD and then had the truffle pudding with vanilla ice cream. Had one bite and my eyes rolled back in my head..
The most amazing dining exerience I have ever had. Gordon walks the talk as does his staff . I don't want this to be long and drawn out so let me make this short & sweet. This experience made me cry! A joyful cry!  Best service, best food ever! Got a Pimms cup ordered from a iPad, had orgasmic (not a spelling error) mushrooms with the famous Beef Wellington and the sticky toffee pudding brought the tears. My advice- dont think, - just go, just enjoy, you will not be disappointed. Mahalo nui loa to Michael, Jean Phillipe, and thestaff at GRS. Aloha nui loa!
I've been here three times, each time was amazing.  Beef Wellington cooked perfectly, great wine list, friendly and timely service. Stick toffee pudding is one of the best deserts you can buy. In two words: Amazingly perfect.
I AM A HUGE FAN OF HELL'S KITCHEN AND GORDON RAMSEY! So coming here, it was like a dream come true. To make it even better, everything went almost perfect that night.. . My boyfriend and I went there for his 25th birthday celebration when we had planned to come to Vegas in May for Memorial Day weekend. I had made this reservation 2 months in advanced!. . When we first arrived at the hostess table, we did not have to wait for more than 10 minutes. When we were taken into the restaurant, the decor was really modern and high end. The lights were dimmed, giving it more of an intimate environment. . . When we were seated, I already knew what I wanted to order (from watching the show and after reading all the reviews from Yelp!). I knew for sure I had to try the Beef Wellington. My boyfriend didn't want to have the same thing as me so he ordered the ribeye. For the appetizer, we had the fried blue point oysters. And as for dessert, we got  the sticky toffee pudding (it was very nice of them to put a birthday candle for him for this birthday, making the dinner more memorable!). Anything that they had put on the table from the appetizer to the bread plate, EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS AND DID NOT DISAPPOINT!. . The service, in general, was great! We did find it very interesting for them to use the IPAD for their cocktails. But at the same time, it had information about Gordon Ramsey and the restaurant. We enjoyed it when the server had brought out the Hell's Kitchen Tasting Menu and all the steaks they had to cook for us. The busboy was consistently filling up our water and asking if we needed anything. . . Overall, I would love to come back and try everything on the menu (and eat the beef wellington again!). However, I won't be able to afford it since the pricing is a little high. Therefore, making this event and possible future dining events here more worthy and memorable.
Love Gordon Ramsey!!! We came here for Valentines dinner. Love the art in near the ceiling! They come out with all cuts of beef and info about them. The breads they bring out are great. Love the one with truffle in it. Onion soup so full of flavor. I was suprised by the tartar. I didn't know it was raw. It was an experience. Beef Wellington was perfect and the mashed potatos yummy.Its pricey. But for a one time thing or celebrations u have to try it!!
This is one of my top 10 dinners of all time!  This place is awesome and I am so glad that we made a reservation to eat here prior to seeing the Jersey Boys.  It was AMAZING!!!!  My husband and I split the Kobe filet and it was so delicious and flavorful.  My Mom had the chicken and said it was amazing and for sides we had the sauteed spinach, truffle mac and cheese, and fingerling potatoes.  Unfortunately we didn't have time for dessert, but I will be back the next time I am in Vegas.  They have a great drink list and you need to try their version of a blue cheese stuffed olive.  Being that I'm very particular on my olives, this place blew my mind.  They created a "bacon cheeseburger" type of olive - it was an olive sandwich with blue cheese, cocktail onion and bacon.  I added a pic, it's a little blurry, but it gives you an idea.  I never would have thought to do that with an olive.  Gordon Ramsay is a genius!    . . You simply must try this place!
My wife and I had dinner on Wednesday 6-5-13 and all I can say is WOW WOW WOW!. . I had the bone In New York Strip and it sets the standard for all New York Strips that I've ever had.  The secret is the aging of the beef and the type of salt they use to age it with.  It was so tender, I could have cut it with a butter knife.. The breads that are standard before the main course were incredible, four different types and all very tasty.  The Market Green Salad was excellent and the dessert, Blueberry Tarts, was terrific.. Eating at this establishment is highly recommended.  The one thing I will let you know, this isn't an inexpensive place to eat.  Our total, with one alcoholic drink and one non alcoholic drink, set us back $210 before tip.  It is well worth it for the quality and quantity of food you get. . The best for last here.......this establishment knows how to make the customer feel welcomed.  The complete staff was the best I've encountered in very long time.  Tip them at least 20%.....they deserve it.
I went with my dad on our trip to Vegas on a Sunday night; we went Friday but the kitchen was closed by 11:15, so we just stuck around for a Pimm's Cup, which was fantastic and filled with fresh fruit.  It was definitely a sign of things to come.. . Two nights later we arrived for our 9:45 reservations, and it was packed.  The bartender recognized us from a few nights before and got us drinks at the bar while they prepared our table.  Pimm's Cup again for me, it was good enough not to care what else may have been on their cocktail menu.. . For those of you unsure about the decor, it was explained to me thusly: the entrance is the Chunnel, leading you from Paris to London.  There are pictures of the Chunnel throughout (in addition to some great shots of the Man Himself over in the corner) which completes the concept.  Also, the neon installation at the center of the ceiling is an approximation of Gordon's hands as he prepares the Beef Wellington.  I was kind of iffy about it on first glance, but the concept is cool, so points for that.  Also, a catchy if not somewhat out of place (for fine dining) playlist, but listening to Vampire Weekend and Stone Roses as I ate wasn't a turn off for me.. . Moving to the table, I figured wine was in due order, so I went with the Shiraz, which complimented the overall richness of the meal nicely.  I started with the onion soup, while my dad went with the iceberg wedge.  The onion soup was incredibly savoury, literally erupting with flavor.  Thank you, Gordon, I'll probably never enjoy onion soup again unless it's here.  It came complete with 2 pieces of what I can only assume was authentic-to-a-T Welsh rarebit, which added a nice thick, chewiness to an otherwise thin soup.  My dad's salad was excellent, but a bit too large for one person (considering what was to come).  The dressing (I don't remember what it was) had a nice bite, and the crispy pancetta on the side provided a nice salty contrast to the fresh greens.  In the midst, our bread selection arrived, and though none of the breads themselves were anything too spectacular, the imported Devonshire butter topped with black sea salt was incredibly good, and this likely ruined butter for me going forward.  If you're taking score, I'm likely no longer going to fux with Pimms Cups, onion soup, and butter from here forward.. . I can't remember if the meats cart came before of after the appetizer, but it's not like it matters.  The waiter did an excellent job of describing every piece of steak, and my only source of disappointment at this meal was the fact that I couldn't just try them all.  He demonstrated great knowledge of the cuts and their unique characteristics.  As an aside, I would label the service as "alarmingly attentive" in the fact that our waiter seemed legitimately concerned that we weren't having the absolute best dining experience of our recent memories, which we definitely were.. . For the entree, I ordered the bone-in NY strip, medium, and my dad the Beef Wellington.  He made a joke upon ordering, asking if the waiter ever tried the Wellington from a bar in St. Louis, I think not fully realizing what he was in for.  This was the last joke he made of the night.  For sides, we ordered sauteed spinach and truffled-out fingerling potatoes.  In the time waiting for our meal (surprisingly not long), we mused at the fact that we were the only ones not affixed to our iPhones.  Seriously, people, put the phones down and soak it in at some point.  And take your stupid beanie hats off indoors.  . . The main course arrived in spectacular fashion, and I think both of us weren't really prepared to ruin the perfectly-sculpted pieces of meat in front of us.  The Wellington looked particularly impressive, but both were quite large portions.  My steak was tender and cooked to a perfect temperature; a nice crisp texture on the outside which gave way to a warm, pink inner.  My dad's looked just as perfect, and we both dug in after gawking at it all for a minute or two.  I knew immediately I wouldn't be able to finish it all after the first bite--the steak was so rich and juicy, and the sides were delicious and filling in their own right.  The spinach was a bit too buttery (if that's possible) near the bottom of the serving dish, and the potatoes were quite salty, but both provided a nice context to the wonderful, tender steak.  I tried the end of my dad's Wellington and it was beyond tender, almost as if it had been slow cooked for days.  The duxelles and pate underneath the crust provided excellent complements to the rich beef flavor, and the savoury sauce on the plate rounded out an excellent dish.. . We were both satiated to the fullest extent of the word, and while I'm a bit angry at myself for not ordering lighter and saving room for the sticky toffee dessert, but I don't feel like I missed out whatsoever.  We'll be back at some point to try everything we missed, and maybe next time we'll go all-in for the Tasting Menu.  5 stars.
My wife and I had dinner on Monday 6-3-13.  Unfortunately, my wife was still in training mode and could not eat most of the stuff on the menu.  I on the other hand, had just completed my training and was game for anything on the menu.  I opted for the Beef Wellington, as it had great reviews.  I was not dissappointed.  This has to be in the top two, or maybe even the top steak I have ever had.  The steak was sooooo tender that it just melted in your mouth everytime you took a bite.  The selection of dinner rolls was amazing as well.  Each pair of the 6 looked the same, but had different flavors.  Now as far as the Mac-n-cheese, I have had better.  But overall, I would have to give this place the 5 stars it deserves.
This was our most anticipated restaurant opening in Las Vegas. Chef Ramsay has been stocking Stations Casinos with winners of Hell's Kitchen, but he hadn't opened one of his own here yet. We've loved his shows (if you're only seeing him on Hell's Kitchen or Kitchen Nightmares, you're missing his best on BBC America.) We own most of his cookbooks and have tried a lot of his meals on our own, but we really wanted to sample some of his creations under the direction of Executive Chef Deric Meininger. We weren't disappointed.. . This is where we decided to go for our wedding anniversary. I made reservations a month in advance to make sure we didn't run into any snags. I had flowers waiting for Brenda on the table and her daughter had stopped in one evening to have a bottle of wine waiting as well. Although we had reservations, we still waited a few minutes to be seated. We weren't upset considering how many people were just walking up to the podium and getting turned away because they didn't have reservations.. . Once our table was ready, we were walked through the large bar area into the high ceilinged dining room. The first thing we noticed when sitting down (besides the large Union Jack on the ceiling) was that it seemed the music was playing much louder than it needed to be which distracted a bit from the romantic evening. However, by the time the food was served, we hardly noticed it any more.. Because this was a special occasion for us, we decided we were really going to splurge on our meals. I really wanted to try the Hell's Kitchen Tasting Menu ($145/person), but there were so many other good things on the menu to try as well I decided to wait until next time for that. While we were ordering they brought out a selection of breads with Devonshire butter topped with black sea salt. The rolls with the pancetta in the center were fantastic. Brenda really wanted to try some of the sauces that were listed with the shellfish platter (tiger prawns, king crab, clams and lobster) so we started with that. When it arrived on a huge platter, we knew we weren't going to be leaving hungry. There was at least two of each type of shellfish and the sauces (especially the champagne mignonette) really brought out the flavors, much better than the regular cocktail sauce you get everywhere else. Our second course was the seared Foie Gras. It came with a delicious puree and was quickly polished off by the two of us.. . We both knew we wanted steak with our dinner. Your waiter asks ahead of time whether or not you're having steak and if so, they wheel out this large mirrored display with the various cuts of beef that they serve and explain each one to you. I went with the 32 ounce Royal Long-bone Chop and Brenda ordered the American Kobe Filet. For sides, we had the heirloom carrots, sauteed spinach, caramelized Brussels sprouts and the fingerling potatoes. (I said we were splurging.) . While we waited for our food, we ordered another bottle of wine and watched the wait staff in action. They were exactly what you'd expect from a high end restaurant--attentive and polite but never intrusive. When the food arrived, we knew our stomachs were in for some trouble. the filet was probably the perfect size at 8 ounces, but I think I could have beaten someone to death with the long-bone chop because it was so large. Not only was my steak huge, but the side dishes were as well. No spoonful of vegetable/potatoes/whatever here--these are large bowls (at least a full cup or more) of each one. They are definitely meant for sharing. Both steaks were fantastic. Even though the chop was over an inch thick, it was still tender and cooked to the perfect medium rare. the filet was so tender you could cut it with a fork. If there was any disappointment (very little) it would have been the side dishes. The Brussels sprouts were good, but not as good as the ones we cook at home using Chef Ramsay's Christmas Special recipe. I liked the fingerling potatoes, but prefer the ones at GR Pub & Grill a bit more. The spinach was outstanding and it was the only thing that didn't get taken home in a doggie bag. To cap off the dinner we both had cappuccinos and I ordered some Sticky Toffee Pudding after hearing all the raves about it. I don't have a very big sweet tooth and this was just on the border (for me) of being too sweet but it was worth it. The brown butter ice cream that came with it, although sounding strange, was very good and went perfectly with the pudding cake. Luckily the GR Pub & Grill has the toffee pudding on their menu as well so we can find it somewhere without spending so much money.. . Overall we had an outstanding meal, service, and experience. The cost was a bit on the high side ($500 for two of us, including two bottles of wine and the tip), but well worth every penny. It's not a place you're going to go to every month, but if you have that special occasion and don't mind spending the money it should be one of your "must visit" food destinations.
Excellence. Must try the onion soup.  Had beef Wellington, it's everything I'd hoped it'd be.
Awesome!!!! Being a fan of his television shows i was hoping Ramsey would not disappoint me and he did not. In fact my wife and i left very impressed. We had a reservation walked in a bit early and were seated in a few minutes. We were seated in the main dining room with a nice view of everything and also the open kitchen. We were nicely greeted by our waiter and they placed a very nice bread basket and butter on he table. They explained to look through the ipad to select our drinks. This was simple enough to do and it is a nice touch. For appetizers my wife ordered shrimp cocktail which was very good. It came with a sauce that was different than classic cocktail sauce but tasted just like it. I ordered the pork belly appetizer and it was insanely delicious! For main entree the wife ordered Kobe skirt steak which was delicious. I ordered the beef wellington and it was excellent. We also share the truffle mac and cheese and it was full of truffle flavor and totally outrageous! We ordered the toffee pudding desert and it is off the charts fantastic and a must try!The service was incredible and the restaurant is all first class. I love the big red leather chair i was sitting in, just super classy. Loved everything about this place and even got to take a picture with hells kitchen winner Christina who was expediting that night. Everything was "spot on" perfect! Great job!!
Everyone was right about what to order. Beef Wellington, Mac and cheese and the toffee dessert. I'll add 2 more. The ravioli with the egg yoke inside that adds a richness to the sauce when cut open is outstanding. My wife said the fois gras was the best she ever had. . The service was incredible.
Service - 5 stars!!! Very welcoming, attentive and knew how to time everything right without me asking for anything.. . Food - Seafood platter was great but the portions were small but every bite was yummy, it's served on shaved ice to give it appeal and it's massiveness. . . Beef Wellington was off the charts! Perfect medium rare, pastry was light and flaky.. . Bone morrow was like beef fat from a ribeye, take a piece from that and combine it with a slice off the beef Wellington and you're in heaven.. . Mac and cheese was 1st class flavor!. . Potato fingerlings was seasoned well and truffle oil was present in the taste. . . Overall we spent 300 on 2 people and I am willing to come back for more!
My husband and I are fans of the Gordon Ramsey television shows. We planned a trip to Las Vegas for our anniversary.  My husband surprised me with reservations to Gordon Ramsey's Steak. After reading reviews, I knew it would be excellent. To say it was excellent would be an understatement. It was incredible! The food was definitely the "star" of the restaurant. However, we found the service was fantastic. Our waiter, Matthew, was very helpful and informative.  It didn't hurt that he was a doll either! In fact, the entire staff was attractive and professional. The beef Wellington was the best thing I have put in my mouth.  And running a very close second was the sticky toffee pudding with the brown sugar ice cream.  Amazing!  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting to experience a truly memorable dinner. I only had one gripe, and it was with one of the hostesses. The day before our reservations, we just happened to be in Paris, and walked over to the restaurant, just to look at the menu, AGAIN, and get a sneak peek inside.  The hostess looked at us with a blank stare, and we Told her that we would be having dinner there the next night.  She didn't say a word and proceeded to look down and continue texting on her phone. She wasn't there the night we went so I didn't have to deal with her rudeness! All in all, GREAT! Hope this helped!
My husband had the short rib I had the Wellington perfectly cooked service was great
We built up a lot of excitement about going to this place due to our love of Gordon Ramsey (I know, I know...) and it didn't disappoint! . . My husband and I both had the beef wellington and then we shared the truffle mac & cheese. All of it was awesome and we were stuffed. You could probably just share the wellington, depending on your appetite but it's very filling. The ambiance is fun and the waiters are knowledgeable. If you are a fan of Ramsey and the empire he has built, you will surely appreciate this place. The prices are pretty steep, but considering the quality of the steaks and restaurant in general, it didn't seem that atrocious in comparison to other Las Vegas restaurants.
Words cannot describe the intense deliciousness of the food here. While I agree with other reviewers that $9/bottle for still water is absurd and the hostess is a bit off-putting, the quality of the food and its preparation just blew me away. Get the Beef Wellington. Seriously. It's so unbelievably tender and amazing; by far the best beef I've ever had in my entire life. There are no vegetarian options on the menu (it's a steakhouse after all) but a vegetarian could make a wonderful meal just from the side dishes. I went with 3 other diners and we each got a side: fingerling potatoes (they are the most AMAZING potatoes you will eat...perfectly roasted, delightfully salted, and you can definitely taste the truffle), mac & cheese(I imagine this is what they serve in heaven), caramelized  Brussels sprouts (very good), and the loaded baked potato. Skip the loaded baked potato in favor of the fingerlings. Double up on the mac & cheese. Heck, order a second Beef Wellington to go. I wish I had!. . Edited to add: We were really full and going to pass on dessert, but the waiter said the Sticky Toffee Pudding would be life changing. He was correct. . . For those who care about ambiance, I thought this was a great place. It's intimate enough for a romantic date yet lively enough for a group. The music was set at a very good volume - loud enough to be noticeable and enjoyable and keep you from overhearing the people at the next table, not so loud that you have to shout to people at your own table.
Everything I ordered are absolutely delicious from pork belly appetizer that just melts in your mouth, foie gras that is absolutely Devine! And the enormous wine selection.... If you like Rhone they have lots to choose from, I ordered beef Wellington, and this is actually the fort time I had it, I like my steak plane and simple and its actually not bad.... My husband had a fillet with foie gras and he really enjoy it!
Love it !!! Pricey yes...it's Vegas strip but everything was perfect , I can't stop thinking about the foei gras and lobster chorizo, my son had the American Kobe skirt mmmh tender, hubby and I shared the porterhouse for two soooo tender and the toffee pudding was outstanding ! Service was excellent , hostess was Ackward ......I guess they have to explain to guests about the stories behind the decorations but anyway everything else is great !!! We left happy we would come back for another special occasion the three of us bill was 350 so 420 included tips and we didn't drink ;) so yeah....just for special occasion !
The beef wellington was amazing; cooked to perfection, so tender I could of used my butter knife.  The surprise of the night was the Sticky Toffee Pudding desert... it was UnF@&king real.  I would of licked the plate if there weren't so many people around. Get one to go if you're full but you MUST get one!  Great dinner, great ambiance, amazing food, will definitely visit again.
Matthew was our server, he was awesome . The food was great my wife and I were there for our anniversary and it was an awesome experience. Everything we got from the bread, appetizers,entrees and dessert was phenomenal.
Amazing way to spend our one year anniversary! We will return if we ever get the chance! The food was delicious! The service was fantastic. Order the beef tartar and do not... I repeat do not miss out if the sticky toffee cake! You will not regret trying Gordon Ramsey Steak!
Hands down the best steakhouse I've been to in Vegas! Romantic and classy atmosphere. Very dim lighting. . . *This is place is packed, so reserve weeks ahead! We were lucky to get a 10pm seating when we called 3 days ahead, which is very late but we weren't rushed to finish our foods. A lot of people were still dining here even when we left around 11:30-12.. . Service was excellent and professional. Our waiter put our napkins on our laps. Everything came out at a nice speed. Easy to flag down someoneif you need something.. . Everything we ordered was really good! Even the complimentary breads were yummy! . . Bone Marrow- salty fatty goodness. Bone-In Rib Eye- so tender and juicy, very big portion!. Beef Wellington- omg this was so soft and melt-in-your-mouth good! Must order!. Fingerling potatoes- mm truffled flavor. . We also ordered a half bottle of Pinor Noir- Domaine Drouhin (2010). Our waiter gave a small tasting of the wine to make sure we liked it.. . We didn't finish all the food we ordered and took a good amount of food to-go. We were so stuffed! . . We spent a little over $200, but less than $250 which was expected. Definitely a place you would want to splurge! And not worry about the bill.
While I would not say that this was the BEST i've had in vegas... it is literally one of 3 of my favorite places there.  . . I was equally impressed with Ramsay's Pub & Grill, (not so much with Burgr), during our work-cation in Vegas.. . The staff is polite, and they even have a "porter" designated to a few tables along with a waiter/waitress to make sure you never have clutter or run out of water.  They come around with a cut cart, so you can see all the cuts and types of steaks/ veal. And like the other two restaurants, the convenient beverages on the ipad idea in stead of the bulky menu. . . We had the Pork Belly to start, which was quite tasty.  Hubby had the the American Rib Cap, and I had the American Skirt - very highly recommend.  We split the Sticky Toffee Pudding- slightly different than the one at the pub and grill and just as awesome!
Wow... just wow!  From atmosphere to service to food to everything else you might want to quantify in a restaurant review, Gordon Ramsay's delivered!. . I have eaten in many, many fine steakhouses from NYC, to San Francisco to Vegas to right here in the Queen City of Charlotte and Ramsay's is the equal of most of them and better than some.  Was in LV for my son's 21st birthday and this was our big splurge meal on night one in town.. . We started with the chilled seafood tower which was shrimp, lobster, king crab, clams, oysters, mussels served atop an awesome ice sculpture with a number of dipping sauces.  Every bit of the seafood was fresh and delicious!  For our entree, we got the porterhouse for two and it was huge, sliced for us and cooked to a perfect medium rare, just as requested.  They also split a loaded baked potato for us and we tried the very grown up tasting truffled mac and cheese and they both were superb.  For dessert, you're kidding right?  No way, no how did we have room for that...  Would come back here any time!!
Gordon Practices what he preaches boy.  Place was incredible.  Please check out my blog for a post of the full experience.  mvfoodguy.com
Gordon Ramsay is the Real Deal! . Everything from the service to the FOOD was amazing. There really are no words that can describe how absolutely wonderful the food was except just WOW.. . I had the best experience here, I was fortunate enough to have the opportunity to try the special spring hells kitchen tasting menu which was absolutely excellent. . I strongly recommend everyone to go to this steakhouse if you  ever get the chance.
Amazing amazing amazing! We have been to several high end steakhouses in Vegas and this is by far one of the best if not the best. I originally wanted to try STK and when they wouldn't confirm our reservation we decided to try Gordon Ramsay. I am so glad we did. . . The service was amazing and the food was even better! The ambiance was perfect. Definitely made our anniversary dinner special. I would highly recommend. It is worth every penny!
Smoked Beef TarTar is really good with the chips they pair it with. Beef Wellington was how i dreamt it would be. Got introduce to a good Stout called Innis and Gunn, ha d great company, it was as good as it gets for me.
I had the most wonderful experience at this steak house in Las Vegas.  . The food was beyond superb and every culinary delight was perfect.. More importantly was Denny Michaels. He was our waiter extroidqnaire. . His knowledge and service were top notch.  He made the experience fantastic with his personality as well as his knowledge.  . Definitely ....a must.  . DENNY MICHAELS ....THE BEST. !!!!!!!
There was no hesitation whatsoever giving Gordon Ramsay Steak 5 stars. The wait staff, the atmosphere, the food... Everything was amazing and top class.. . The Steak!. - The Bone-in Rib Eye was outstanding. - The Kobe American Rib Cap was one of the best pieces of meat I have ever tasted. . This Steak was soooo good that I literally did a Steak Dance in my seat!. . The Sides. - Roasted Heirloom Carrots with chicken skin, ranch powder and hot wing sauce were one of my favorite sides. Something different and Very good!. - Mac & Cheese with blue, cheddar, parmesan and truffle was very good. - Fingerling Potatoes with parmeson and truffle were just alright, I would skip these next time. . Dessert. - Don't even waste your time looking at the menu because I'll tell you what you NEED to get and that is the Sticky Toffee Pudding. WOW, this was amazing I could have ordered about 20 more of them. It doesn't matter how full you are after your meal you will make room for this masterpiece!
Amazing fine dining experience. Good selection of alchohol, cocktails, wine. Food is great.
I want to thank the management staff for having us back and correcting the problems we had whe we fisrt visited.  Our service from Mike has been point on.. The scotish egg was very tasty and don't forget to eat them with the beats.  Changed the taste and texture of the dish.. The maine lobster was very taste and the bisque broth  not only adds depth to the dish but very yummy to dip your bread in.. The beef welington and ribeye were cooked perfectly.  Again we tried the mac and cheese and unlike last time it was very good.  The hubby especially like the crispy top of the mac and cheese.. We will be returning!
This place was phenomenal!  We chose to order from the special Hells Kitchen Menu which offered a 5 course menu.  Let me just say it blew our minds!  From the quality of the food to the excellent service I would highly recommend this restaurant.  Yes it is pricey but well worth it.  . . If you decide to eat at this restaurant you have to try the bread pudding dessert (I forget its exact name).  It is the best dessert I have ever had in my entire life.  Seriously, try it.
Defiantly try it. It's different than I expected and very loud inside because of the size but the food is amazing. The beef Wellington is a must try!
My new husband and I went there for our wedding night celebration. Our reservation was at 7:45 pm and we got there at 7:15 pm and they seated us immediately. I started with something new for me, the Smoked Beef Tartare while hubby tried the Gnocchi. I can't believe how good this was! For our main course I had the Kobe Rib Cap and hubby had the Kobe Rib Filet, both in medium. For sides we shared the Grilled Asparagus and Fingerling Potatoes while hubby paired his steak with butter poached lobster tail. We savored every single bite! Because of previous reviews, we had to share the Sticky Toffee pudding, even though we were a bit full. We are both so glad we did! One of the most outstanding desserts I've ever had. Glad we went!
Let me tell you when I say I will definitely be coming back.  Let me tell you why... The experience, front to back, was excellent.  We get there 35  minutes early and head over to the bar to get a drink or two while we wait for our table. I don't understand that other persons comment about looking dumb standing there because no waitress came up to them.  Stupid... We just asked the nearest waitress if we could sit at this table ( we pointed at an  empty table)  and she said sure.  Easy!  Promptly at our 7 pm reservation time a waitress found us and escorted us to our table.  Now comes the real experience.  Our waiter,  Dennis,  was friendly, professional and casual all wrapped up in one.  He attended to our needs  without fault.  Matter in fact,  everyone there showed remarkable professionalism.  I had the Wellington for my main.  It was better than I expected.  My wife had the ahi  steak medium.  She said it was delish.  Although I was pretty stuffed,  mind you I'm a 250 lb  guy and yes I was pretty stuffed,  Dennis suggested the sticky toffee pudding.  That was one of the best desserts I've ever eaten.  Now, while all this is happening,  there's this meat rack cart rolling around.  My God,  the cuts of meat on there ,raw, made me drool.  Thus, the reason I'm going back is to sink my teeth into one of them humongous porter house steaks.  To top things off,I got to meet Christina, winner of. Hells Kitchen  season 10.  Got to snap a photo with her and Dennis.  What an evening.  Definitely one to remember.  And,I got to share it all with my awesome wife.  We're both avid Gordon Ramsay  fans. I 100%  recommend this place to all.
What an amazing experience.  First of all I highly recommend the Pimms as your cocktail of choice.  I had the beef wellington.  Phenomenal!!! My husband had the shirt steak and potatoe. He loved it but said he would order the Wellington next time.  And of course the sticky pudding.  It was fab! A must do for sure !
I was so in awe of this place!!!    I have been wanting to visit this restaurant since I saw the show!!!!  We had 5:30 reservations and were immediately greeted by a beautiful woman who escorted us through the tunnel into "London"  It's the coolest restaurant I have never seen!!   We were seated at a beautiful table and our waiter Adrian was outstanding.  You can really tell this is a 5 star restaurant, by not only the food, but the attentiveness of the staff.   I had to try Chef Ramsey's world famous beef wellington with potato puree, I also had a side of mushrooms and mac and cheese!    Welly was AMAZING!  I have never had it before, but I loved it!   The potato puree was amazing as well, and was a great pair to the welly.   Drake had what he called "The best fillet of his life"   We were too full for dessert.      The customer service was by far the best we have ever had. We did end up talking to one of the managers about our fantastic time. She lit up and thanked us for coming!. . Keep it up Chef Ramsey!!  OPEN UP A GORDON RAMSEY STEAK IN SEATTLE!!!!. . **OH LASTLY, PAY NO ATTENTION TO IRA'S POST....IT'S HER FIRST POST!*** No Ira, the customer is NOT ALWAYS RIGHT.................
Can I just say HOLY CRAP!!!! Anyone who posts and doesn't eat the food is not so smart... Because the food was amazing. So lets start with the bread. I went there with my wife, and we tried the bread separately being wowed by each piece. Matthew our waiter was so nice and got us a second plate of bread. The two foods I love are steak and bread, that bread was the best bread I think i'll ever have...EVER. We went straight to the entrees I had the beef wellington and my wife had the filet. Those were some of the best steaks I have ever had. We also had the Mac & cheese and mushrooms for the sides. I don't know how it was happening but it seemed that each bite tasted better than the last. I hated to stop but I wanted the Sticky Toffee pudding for desert. I must say that is the best damn desert. I don't know what they are doing but keep doing it. I had the Wellington and the mac & cheese for breakfast and it still tasted phenomenal!!!. . Simply if you go to Vegas go to this restaurant. Our Server Matthew was awesome the drinks were great and the food was out of this world!
I went with my wife and 2 boys ages 4 and 6.  I wasn't sure if it was appropriate to bring little kids to a fancy restaurant, but the staff was outstanding and made us all feel welcome.  Me and my wife ordered the beef Wellington and It was excellent.  We also ordered a number of sides so our kidscould pick and choose what they wanted to eat.  You get to watch the chef and cooks at work at the back end of the dining room which is a lot of fun.  The food and service was outstanding.
5 stars for the food & service. 1 star for personalization. . We chose this resto for my bday celebration as I am a HUGE FAN of Gordon Ramsey!. . After dining at this LA location in the London and watching his 3 shows, I had to make reservations to his newest establishment in Vegas.. . While making reservations, we noted that we were celebrating my bday. No "Happy birthday, no cake, nothing. - points. . Otherwise, we had a fabulous night of decadence!. . 4 different kinds of breads & cocktails to start. . Then we ordered the seared foie gras as our appetizer (VERY rich and a large portion). . Next up - the tasting menu. Cooked to perfection were the risotto and beef wellington. Melt in your mouth type food - HIGHLY RECOMMEND!. . To end - the AMAZING, orgasmic experience buttered toffee with ice cream. DO NOT SKIP THIS PART!!! You'll thank me later.. . The only other - was the signed menu from Gordon Ramsey that we never received. . . Even so, we're coming back with a large party in Oct!!
This restaurant was my favorite culinary experience while in Vegas. I went 4 times while there (in just one week!). . . I took a bar seat since I did not have a reservation and got seated immediately. . The  bar staff was very friendly and did everything they could to make my dinner experience great. I have to say that the beef Wellington is my favorite dish. Appetizer, entree and desert? Beef Wellington with Innis&Gunn (or red wine).
Holy Sticky Toffee Pudding! But I'll get to that later.. . We booked our reservation a little late so we weren't supposed to arrive until about 9:00PM, but we showed up at 8:45PM and they were able to seat us within 10 minutes. We waited inside the bar/lounge area while a waitress brought us the iPad so that we could determine our drinks. I got Pimm's Lemonade (it's so good! I'm not sure how much alcohol was in it, but I'm a heavyweight and after three of them, I was feeling pretty good LOL it goes down just like juice!) and Steve V. got a gin and tonic.. . For the appetizer, we had the fried oysters. Steve doesn't like fried oysters but he loved the ones they served here! The batter is very buttery and delicious and I would probably get them again. For our entrees, Steve got the New York Strip with the bone marrow sauce and I got the Beef Wellington. The New York Strip had this odd, yet exhilarating salty crust to it. It was quite delicious. Of course, the Beef Wellington was very good. The crust was buttery and flaky and slightly sweet. For the sides, we had the asparagus (I'm usually not picky with asparagus but I did think the asparagus was here was a little bland. I would suggest you pass on it.) and the mac and cheese (super delicious! The truffle wasn't too overbearing!).. . Now, my favorite part of dinner was the dessert. We got the French-Pressed Coffee and it came with these chocolate flavor spoons. The coffee itself was super fresh! I loved it. Just a fair warning though -- Steve and I don't react to coffee. I can drink several cups from my French Press at home during dinner and I can still sleep like a baby. However, both of us stayed awake until about 4:00AM because of that dang coffee, so be careful with it! For our actual dessert, we had the Sticky Toffee Pudding. IT WAS SO BOMB OMG. I don't eat sweets that much -- Steve will order something and I will have maybe a bite or two and be done with it. I almost couldn't hold myself back from this. We had an equal sharing of the cake and ice cream and it was unbelievable. If you go in there for only one thing, that Sticky Toffee Pudding would be it.. . All in all, we were very satisfied with our experience. It was a very high and expensive bill, but in our eyes, it was well worth it.
All celebrity aside, this is a really good restaurant. The attention to detail is evident everywhere. The in-house aged steak is on par with the best I've had. The Kobe style filet was out of this world.
Day 3 in Vegas and keeping the celebration going, the fiancee and I dined at Gordon Ramsay Steak on a Tuesday night.  We arrived on time for our 6:30 dinner reservations.  A welcoming committee of attractive hostesses met us at the entrance, where one peeled off from the rest, and guided us through the London Tube-like (or perhaps it was "Chunnel"-like given the aesthetic transition from Paris to London) entrance into GR Steak's cool, ultra-modern, yet almost Austin Powers-ish looking, dining room.  Given the somewhat early hour in the dining service, especially considering we were in Las Vegas, the dining room was pretty much at capacity.  So, it was a good thing we'd made reservations well in advance of our arrival in town.  One of my earliest impressions was that GR Steak is not your father's steakhouse!  It's an energetic venue and, despite the wide-open, high-ceilinged space, fairly loud due to the piped in music and din of other diners.  So, if you're looking for a quiet, intimate, and romantic meal for two, you may want to look elsewhere.     . . Our polished and personable server introduced himself and explained the menu.  He departed, returning a few minutes later, pushing a "meat wagon", which displayed the various types and cuts of steak served by the restaurant on mirrored pedestals, and offering a brief explanation of each.  The dinner menu is entirely a la carte and contained the standard fare you'd find in a good steakhouse; however, it also contained the signature items you'd expect from Gordon Ramsay.  Since we'd watched Season 10 of Hell's Kitchen, it was a no-brainer that we'd have the Hell's Kitchen Tasting Menu especially since the winner, Chef Christina Wilson, was in the kitchen.  We also opted for the wine pairings. . . We received the following.... . Amuse Bouche - Scotch Egg encased in Berkshire pork sausage and served with red wine braised cabbage.  It was paired with Louis de Sacy Brut Champagne Grand Cru.. . First Course - Heirloom Tomato Salad dressed with red bell pepper vinaigrette and served over a cucumber cauliflower puree and accompanied by spiced marcona almonds.  It was paired with a 2012 Martin Ray Rose of Pinot Noir.. . Second Course - Scallop Risotto.  A perfectly seared scallop was served atop a risotto made with grilled sweet corn, fava beans, and Oaxaca cheese.  This item was only available as a part of the tasting menu and not a la carte...and Chef Ramsay would not have rejected this scallop and risotto at the pass!  It was paired with a 2010 Pala Entemari.. . Third Course - Roasted Beef Wellington served with glazed root vegetables, potato puree, and red wine demi-glace.  Perhaps the dish that's synonymous with Gordon Ramsay, it lived up to the hype with its wonderfully flaky, golden brown puff pastry and amazingly moist, butter knife tender filet mignon cooked to a perfect medium rare.  It was perfectly paired with my favorite wine of the night, a 2004 Quintessa Meritage. . . Dessert Course - Sticky Toffee Pudding made with sweet date pudding cake, brown sugar toffee, and accompanied by brown butter ice cream.  It was rich, and sweet, but its sweetness never felt cloying or overdone.  It was paired with Young's Double Chocolate Stout, which from a pairing perspective, was inspired.  A perfect ending!. . Without a doubt, it was definitely not a cheap night out.  However, we ate and drank our fill and pushed away from the table thinking it was note perfect introduction to Gordon Ramsay's culinary world.  If you're in Vegas on vacation and willing to splurge on a great meal, you'd be hard-pressed to find a better place than GR Steak. I highly recommend!
This was our first time eating at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and I have to say with was one of the best experiences we ever had.  We booked the reservation through OpenTable.  The waiter's name that took care of us was Anthony.  He was very warm in greeting my wife, daughter and I.  When we booked our reservation we did mention that it was our 15th Anniversary and they were very attentive to that details of what the occasion was.  Having it be our first time there, Anthony was really good about explaining all the details of the menu even so much taking time in telling us about the various cuts of meat the offer.  He even explained what cut was and where it comes from and even spoke about taste and other details.  It was very informative and definitely helped with our decision making process.  After getting a better understanding about the meats  and the menu my wife and I decided on the Roasted Beef Wellington.  Not having it before I really didn't know what to expect.  It was the best decision I made.  The meat was REMARKABLE!!  It was like butter melting in your mouth.  The flavor and texture was absolutely indescribably.  I would highly recommend it to anyone trying Gordon Ramsey Steak for the first time.  My daughter selected the Rib Eye steak which was also good.  Not only was Anthony a great waiter, the food was great but also the service by our busboy was excellent.  The gentleman's name was Ben and he provided us with great care and service as well.  It is because of employees like this why our dining experiences have been so good!  Kudos to Gordon Ramsey and the staff at Gordon Ramsey Steak!  You will definitely see us again!  You all truly made our anniversary very special!!
I was suspicious when I first walked in. Why? I figured that this place was just getting by on its 'celebrity' name and probably wouldn't serve a good meal. I was BEYOND surprised. . . First off, the food is excellent! The quality of the beef is terrific and the preparation is excellent. They have MANY cuts to choose from which makes the experience even more fun.. . Second, the service is wonderful. . . Third, while it's loud and busy, it's still a great ambiance and great for families. . . I'll definitely be back when I'm next in Vegas. Believe the hype - this place is GOOD!
My husband and I watch Hell's Kitchen and love Gordan Ramsay, so I booked this place before our trip. We were seated right away. The restaurant is kind of dimly lit, but the booths are pretty spacious and roomy. Our server and her assistant were really nice and attentive. . . Kobe beef. It's $30 an ounce, we decided to get 3 ounces to share. Butter. It's so fatty and melts in your mouth. I think an appetizer portion is perfect, it would be too fatty to eat 10 ounces of this. It was great to be able to try it. It was seasoned nicely.. . Pork Belly appetizer. Wow, amazing! There were layers and layers of flavors going on. My mouth was happy. It was served on top of cheese grits. Lots of textures, belly was tender. Perfection. . . For dinner, we each ordered a wagyu rib cap. Very tender and fatty, but different than the Kobe obviously. Our appetizer cost more than our dinner!. . Sides, brussel sprouts, Bearnaise sauce and fingerling potatoes. All cooked and seasoned to perfection. We also ordered bone marrow which was very rich in flavor. They also give you bread to start and all the bread was fabulous. The service great, dinner flowed nicely, we didn't feel rushed and we really enjoyed everything. I highly recommend this place. Yes it's expensive, but if you don't mind spending, it's definitely a great experience. 2 people, with tip, we paid over $300, but we were so happy and that's priceless!
Guys, if your not that hungry but wanna grub Gordon dish!  God damn! Kobe sliders with the Mac n cheese dish!, the bomb !!!!!!!!!!! Awesome!  ..... Only bad side is the cold butter served with the bread.
My fiance brought me here last night for my birthday and we had an incredible evening. We were impressed with our waitress, Jessica, as she coordinated a surprise from my brother in Cali...he sent us a bottle of champagne and she surprised us at the end of the meal with the dessert he sent. She was very professional and her service was flawless.. . Now to the goodies...appetizers: fried oysters, 1/2 dozen raw oysters, & shrimp cocktail. All three were delicious but the fried oysters stood out. The tartar sauce was so creamy and had a perfect balance...my honeyyy even used it on the shrimp cocktail!. . For entrees, we ordered the Japanese A5 Kobe, Beef Wellington, Mac & cheese, & sauteed spinach. The A5 Kobe stood up to it's reputation. Buttery, tender, pretty much the best thing I've ever tasted...but the beef Wellington competed very closely and was worth all the hype. The sides werejust as scrumptious! We killed almost every bite. . . We added two butter poached lobsters because as an aspiring chef, I wanted to explore this technique from the best. I was blown away by the execution of this technique. You have to taste it to really understand but I can say it was the most indulgent and tender piece of seafood I've ever experienced (coming from the northeast, that's saying a LOT). . My brother sent us the butter toffee dessert and although we aren't big on dessert, we attacked this because it was so good. We were both surprised when we looked down to an empty plate...again!. . We will definitely return and had a memorable evening that surpassed my expectations.
Four things I've tried (again) and everyone needs to ORDER:. . 1. mac and cheese: if you like truffle, get it. It's so good. . 2. Haricot Vert: it's like string beans, tempura fried.. and it is GOOD.. 3. Rib Cap: So much flavor and juice... always cooked so well (medium rare is my preference). . 4. and his famous dessert.. STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING. GET IT. It's some good sh***. . These four dishes will never fail you as long as this place keeps up the high standard. No joke. So good. So worth the $$$$$ you pay.
Our party of 4 did the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu (Thank you Mary and Bruce!).  I've always wondered what Ramsey's risotto and Wellington would be like and now I do.  The toffee dessert is easily within the top 3 greatest desserts of my life and that's coming from a guy who would rather have cheese for dessert than something sweet.. . PLEASE FORGIVE ME for forgetting your name, but see the attached photo.  This was our server and he was a big contributor in making our experience as great as it was.  THANK YOU SIR!
This place is no joke.  I'm not saying this lightly: it was the best meal (dining experience) I have ever had.  From the service, to the cocktails, and of course the food, nothing touches it.  Will definitely be back!
AMAZING!  This was our #1 stop on our trip to vegas. We were worried because we were let down by the Rooftop at the London  but everything was perfect,  from service to food. Our waiter was on top of everything and very friendly.. . To start, we ordered the chorizo stuffed lobster tail.  A little on the small side but delicious.  I had the prime rib, cooked perfectly, tasted great. My boyfriend had the beef Wellington,  definitely a must have. We had cream of spinach and mac&cheese, both delicious.  For dessert we had the apple tart, again, delicious. . . Overall, if you're in vegas, GO!
This was the best experience we had in Vegas!  The food was amazing. The Wellington was delicious. The sticky toffee pudding was a great end to our meal. Part of what made our experience great was the friendly service we received from Donnie and Mouhamaduy.
I've been to michelin star restaurant before and this was on par! The bread was amazing and interesting but it was so late in the night we didn't wanted seconds. I always wanted to try Hell's Kitchen Wellington so I ordered it here and it was amazing! The pastry was flakey and the steak was tender. We ordered mac and cheese and the potato fingerlings (which was mentions by our waiter and server), the bf ordered lamb two way, and we had 1/2 dozen oysters. Everything tasted so good, I wish I could've done a Hell's Kitchen tasted menu like one of the reviews said.
Loved our server, Anthony.  The American Rib Cap was  incredibly flavorful and buttery tender.  Fingerling potatoes were the perfect side. We were fortunate enough to be seated upstairs where it is quiet and less chaotic than the main dining area. Don't miss this restaurant whether you are a visitor or a local.  The only complaint is the manner of dress of some of the patrons-flip flops and shorts, really?  Have a little class.
What can I say? The best steak dinner every. Worth every penny! We arrived right on time for a 9:00 reservation. My reservation was confirmed by a hostess and bevy of beauties wearing what would only be appropriate in Vegas....nice. We were seated at 9:15' not too bad. I could have done without the stop on the way to our table and the obviously canned presentation by an otherwise very hot young blond, I felt a bit sorry for her in her struggle to recite what was obviously a memorized pitch.. . The wait staff was defiantly multi cultural, to the point they were hard to understand under the loud music and chatter. But it was fun. We were seated near the open kitchen and you could tell by the smiles and good natured chatter among the staff that they really liked their jobs. They looked to be well lead.. . And the food? Amazing! We ordered the Porterhouse for two, a massive steak, perfectly seasons and seared to a slight salty crisp, it was a melt in your mouth, perfect piece of quality beef. We had the average sides of pureed potatoes, mushrooms and spinach which were fine, but the steak, was the star of the show....as it should be.. . And the Sticky Toffee Pudding w/ Brown Butter Ice Cream? It's all been said by the other Yelper,s, nothing to add but just that you would be crazy to order anything else from the desert menu.. . We're back for sure....next trip to Sin City!
This may be the best meal I've ever had - my boyfriend feels the same way! We ordered beef Wellington for two, since that's a Gordon Ramsay specialty, and it was amazing! Service was warm and wonderful - our server was John - and the atmosphere was very cool. The menu is pricey, maybe even by Vegas standards, but it was a wonderful indulgence!
My fiance and I tried to get a birthday reservation for me but no luck. The lady on the phone said walk ins welcome, so That's what we did. . . We walked into the lounge area, sat for about 10minutes and snagged a couple who was leaving (bar area) but had a table. It is definitely possible to get seated at a table in reasonable time, as long as you keep a good eye out. It's very much like stalking people at Costco for a parking spot. . . Despite of being at the bar, service remained phenomenal. We ordered lamb duo and filet steak. Both were absolutely amazing and cooked to perfection. . . If you're a fan of good steak or simply a fan of Gordon, eat here. You won't be disappointed :)
Amazing dining experience. The restaurant is trendy with club style music. The music may be considered a bit loud for a quiet romantic evening, but the food makes up for it. Anthony, our waiter, was attentive and full of knowledge about the food. I am a medium to medium-well steak guy, but I tried the Wellington...DEEEEEELICIOUS!
There are a lot of great reviews regarding GRS; this will be another one. GR puts his money where his mouth is; food quality and service. Service was excellent, food was outstanding served hot and all together. We were a group of five and not a single complaint; not even from me who is critical of everything. Restaurants in LV have a long way to go to match GRS.. . GRS was not inexpensive but you get what you pay for. We will be back.
My wife and I came here for dinner on our anniversary weekend. It was by far the best steak I have ever had, the beef Wellington was out of the world as well. Great appetizers, drinks and everything. Even Rick from Vegas Pawn Stars was sitting next to us. Highly recommended.
Best. Steak. Ever. Dined here in August 2013, and this place lived up to the hype. . . First off, as other reviewers have mentioned, the waiter will ask if you'd like still or sparkling water. Caution - they charge $9 a bottle for these choices. If you want good 'ol tap water (free!), just ask for ice water. . . Food was amazing. We had the gnocchi appetizer to start. Very delicious, but not your typical gnocchi in sauce. As the waiter described it, it was more of a "deconstructed" interpretation of gnocchi. . . For our entrees, the bf and I both chose the beef Wellington. AMAZING. I have had quality steak at my share of fine dining restaurants, and the Wellington here blew them all out of the water. For sides, we ordered the mac and cheese (deelish!), as well as the baked potato. Both awesome. . . Last but not least, we had the sticky toffee pudding for dessert. EPIC. The pudding was delicious, and the brown butter ice cream, which was rich and decadent, was the perfect accompaniment. . . This meal, plus a few drinks, set us back around $200, not including tip. We also used our total rewards card which helped to save a few dollars. . . If you're in Vegas, I HIGHLY recommend you check this place out. You will not be disappointed!!
I think I just had the best steak dinner of my life.  Everything about our dinner was just impeccable!. . First of all our server, Anthony, was AWESOME.  He was friendly and energetic but definitely not aggressive or over the top.  He was fantastic about explaining everything on the menu and answering our questions, and he was excellent about making suggestions, especially when we were on the fence about some things.. . We started out with Ty Nant sparkling spring water which was very good!  JAS likes beer with his steak, so he ordered the Moose Drool Brown Ale and thought it was great.  I asked if they had pineapple juice, which they did, but even better was that it was freshly squeezed!  Delicious.. . JAS and I had reviewed the menu online earlier in the day and decided that we were going to get the Roasted Beef Wellington for two.  We had watched enough Hell's Kitchen to make us want to try this famous dish.  We had mentioned this to Anthony prior to him bringing over the steak display which, by the way, was pretty impressive:. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=BVZECZd6-u3Zw45DfVKEtw#BVZECZd6-u3Zw45DfVKEtw. . Anthony said he would still go over the steaks with us, and we were glad he did.  JAS loves ribeyes, and when Anthony described the rib cap to us, he threw a wrench in our plans.  Ohhhh, what should we do?  He then said that he could have the kitchen split the orders into two plates if we wanted so we could try both.  What a fantastic idea!  So out went the Beef Wellington for two, in came the Beef Wellington for one AND the Kobe American Rib Cap.. . I wish I had a better memory because they served different kinds of bread with butter (did I hear Devonshire?) and volcanic sea salt.  Yummy.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=_UfQDFOJOaDyfUWiMOq08g#_UfQDFOJOaDyfUWiMOq08g. . We started with the Heirloom Tomato Salad with red bell pepper vinaigrette, cucumber cauliflower puree, spiced marcona almonds.  They split it into two plates for us.  So fresh, so delicious.  I wanted to lick everything off that plate.  (I didn't!)  . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=DhEwPJGDDfUy6huMrmYOLA#DhEwPJGDDfUy6huMrmYOLA. . The Roasted Beef Wellington was served with glazed root vegetables, potato puree, and red wine demi glace.  This was no ordinary Beef Wellington.  Anthony had described what the steak was wrapped in but there were so many components that I can't remember it all!   It was split into two plates and it tasted wonderful!  . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=3IqEuRS3GnDTuzecN8a0Ig#3IqEuRS3GnDTuzecN8a0Ig. . The Kobe American Rib Cap was the most delicious steak I've ever eaten.  It is very flavorful and very tender.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=I97LcskpiJdDNT099LXU6A#I97LcskpiJdDNT099LXU6A. . We ordered the Haricot Vert  (tempura fried, confit, with garlic citrus aioli) for our side.  A Yelper recommended this, so I wanted it.  It was good!. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=EVS8qtI30r33YQANLarHTA#EVS8qtI30r33YQANLarHTA. . For dessert, we had the Sticky Toffee Pudding (sweet pudding cake, brown sugar toffee, brown butter ice cream).  It is rich, it is sweet, it is remarkable.  I loved how the brown butter ice cream looked just like a stick of butter.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=uAXd7oN-Si5Ee_2P_YjgAA#uAXd7oN-Si5Ee_2P_YjgAA. . Our dinner was relaxing and more than pleasant.  Not once did we feel pressured to order one way or another.  Each member of the staff we interacted with was professional and genuinely friendly.  They made us feel welcome when we arrived and thanked us for visiting when we left.  Everything about our dinner experience was perfect.  . . We have already decided that this will be a definite stop during our next visit to Vegas!
Chef Ramsey we hope you read some reviews  on your restaurants. This was our second visit to Gordon Ramsey Steak!  Chef Christina Wilson could not have been more gracious! Very approachable and meeting her was a pleasure.  Our servers Charles and Alexis were spot on!  They knew every nuance of the dishes and the wine pairings.  Their attention to us was the best in the business. Kudos to them!  We had The Hells Kitchen tasting menu paired with wine.  Every item on the menu was mouth watering from the Scotch Egg to the Scallop Risotto (to die for!) and the Beef Wellington melts in your mouth!  Sticky Toffee Pudding was a great finish to the evening! We will go back again to indulge in the Rib Cap Steak which we had on our first visit! Finest steak we have ever eaten. Thank you Gordon and to your folks at Gordon Ramsey Steak Las Vegas!
Beef Wellington and sticky toffee pudding- hands down. Can't wait to go back and order them again!
Food and Service was nothing but 5 Stars. Will be coming back here next time in town. Had the infamous Beef Wellington and it was nothing but perfect, Braised Shortribs melted in my mouth & the Hericot Bert (greenbeans) fabulous! . Our server Danielle ... Excellent! Informative and attentive.
On a recent trip to Vegas with some family and friends, we decided to have dinner here...and so happy we did!  . . Each and every one of us said that same thing: "That was the best meal I've ever had!"  We had the surf and turf, beef wellington, halibut, sliders, foie gras, green beans, mac and cheese, and of course - the sticky toffee pudding cake.  The sliders just melted in your mouth.  . . The wait staff was extremely attentive and couldn't do enough for us.  . . Can't wait to go back again...
Let the hero worship begin:. . I've been watching Gordon Ramsey for years in both British and American television shows.  I've also been reading his cookbooks for years.  I thought I understood him until eating at STEAK.  After the Hell's Kitchen Tasting menu I feel that I REALLY know him, his cooking, and have much more respect (which I always had total respect anyway) for his knowledgeable selection of winners for the Hell's Kitchen series.  Chef Ramsey and Chef Christina -- you and your staff HIT IT OUT OF THE PARK!. . Anything else I write would be superfluous and extraneous... so let me just end with a profound thank you to all who contributed to our dining experience.  From the greeter to the busboy... all were professional, prompt, and extremely unobtrusive.. . p.s.  If I had any criticism at all it would be that, for some odd reason, our reservation was not put as a priority on either Chef Ramsay or Chef Christina's calendar.  Go figure.  Too bad we did not have a chance to personally meet... I'm hoping our schedules coinced better on our next visit.
If I could give this place six stars, I would!  We would always have a ritual of going to The Nine Steakhouse during every Vegas trip, but decided to try a different place for once.  . . The standards in this restaurant can be seen everywhere.  The freshness of the food and the quality of the steaks were out of this world!  I had the kobe steak and my wife had the Wellington and we were both speechless on how delicious everything was.  . . Definitely get the toffee pudding for dessert, even if you feel too full!  You will remember it forever.
I bow down to you, Gordon Ramsay.. . All the reviews say it. This place is amazing!! . . It was a huge deal for me and my friends to come to Steak ready to splurge, especially since we're just a bunch of ordinary college students with a simple love of good food. But boy, was the price worth it. We were started off with a bread appetizer, which was superb! We especially enjoyed the two different types of brioche as well as the little sample of butter topped with a type of salt (I forget what type). We were even offered another round of bread and after a split second of "We don't want to fill up before our meal", we looked at each other with grins on our faces and agreed that we should never turn down free bread. . . My friends ordered the Beef Wellington and I ordered the Ribeye for one along with the haricot vert, fingerling potatoes, and asparagus sides. The beef wellington was TO DIE FOR; it was extremely tender and flavorful, and the pastry on the outside was flaky and complimented the meat perfectly. Now I know why it is Ramsay's specialty (also note that it is cooked medium-rare). My ribeye was delicious as well as HUGE. It was cooked beautifully and didn't even need any sauces or extra seasoning. My favorite side had to be the haricot verts as I LOVE tempura and I don't know what they put in the batter...but it was better than any tempura batter I've ever had in my life. The three of us struggled immensely to finish our plates (and we didn't), but knew that we had to fit as much of the delicious food into our stomachs as humanly possible. . . We then decided to end with the three of us sharing the sticky toffee pudding, which was out of this world. I just remember stifling a laugh when the waiter asked us how our dessert was and my friend's eyes just rolled to the back of her head. He definitely got a good chuckle out of that. . . The service was better than I could've ever imagined. Every 2 minutes or so our waiter would walk by and make sure that our water glasses were filled and that all of our needs were met. One of the waiters even escorted my friend to the bathroom when she asked where it was! Whaaat? They were also probably the sweetest wait staff that I had ever had the pleasure of encountering and I honestly just wanted to give them all a hug as we left. . . After about 2 hours and $300 later, we all left more than satisfied, and ready to take on the town.
I dined alone while on a business trip. I had to make sure I experienced a culinary delight and I have to say it was more like a culinary nirvana. I had the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu with wine pairing and nothing disappointed me. In fact, each course was progressively better. Charles and Jose did a fantastic job and they went over and above to make my experience unforgettable. This was a meal I will not forget. I would love to come back again and bring my husband next time. Well done to all.
I've tried eating at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant before so I had some idea of what his restaurants have to offer but boy was this even better! We had booked a table earlier so we were directly taken to our table by the friendly staff and we were promptly taken care of by the staff that explained the concept, menu, decor and the options of beverages available.. My appetizer was the smoked steak tartare with chips and it was out of this world. My entree was Ramsay's signature Beef Wellington and it was made to perfection, as was to be expected.. The place was even more exclusive than some of Ramsay's other places yet you didn't feel out of place even though we looked like typical tourists and the staff was friendly and not at all snooty as they tend to be in some of the more exclusive restaurants. The drinks were good too and the beverage list was quite extensive.
We had a wonderful time at Gordon Ramsay Steak. The food was astoundingly wonderful and so was the service which makes sure they pamper you. This was quite an extraordinary experience and the amazing food was well worth the price. And Chef Christina Wilson (winner of Season 10 Hell's Kitchen) was expediting our food in plain sight!. When you order your entree, they serve you an appetizer of assorted breads that were absolutely tasty. In addition, we ordered the American Kobe beef sliders which contained sharp English cedar and caramelized onion on a brioche bun. It was very delicious.. My husband ordered the Beef Wellington which is beef wrapped in puff pastry and baked. It came withglazed root vegetables, potato puree, and wine demi glace. We never tried this and always wondered what it was tasted like and it exceeded our expectations. This was without a doubt, one of the most delicious beef dishes that I have every tried in my entire life!. I also ordered one of the best poultry dishes I have ever had at any restaurant. It was the roasted chicken breast which include confit leg, foie gras wild rice, tikka masala, and crispy chicken skin. This chicken was perfectly cooked, moist and bursting with flavors! The wild rice was rich and saucy! This was quite an enjoyable dish and I recommend it to poultry lovers!  . We ordered the Mac and Cheese side which had cheddar, parmesan, and was bursting with an explosion of truffle flavor! We enjoyed it very much. Our dessert experience was more than amazing! I had the Chocolate Layers which was chocolate cake that has passion fruit ganache layers and was served with dark chocolate gianduja ice cream. Absolutely heavenly!  My husband ordered the Sticky Toffee pudding. It is a sweet pudding that came with a brown sugar toffee sauce and was served with brown butter ice cream. Very delectable!. Overall we had an amazing experience at this establishment and I would recommend it to both locals and visitors. Worth the price and the taste will be epically memorable! 5 stars!
I got a dinner/show package for Gordon Ramsay Steak and Jersey Boys at a discounted locals' price.  Last night was the night and both were excellent!  I am one of those people who dislikes the public persona of Gordon Ramsay.  I'm not sure I would have come here last night but it was one of the food options and I grabbed for the ring and I got the gold one.. . I had a few choices from their menu for each course but it was easy for me to order.  For an appetizer, the British ale onion soup.  For the main course, I chose the 24 ounce bone in rib eye.  And for dessert I ordered the sticky toffee pudding.  I did not order a side, an extra charge, since I would be eating approximately a pound of beef alone.  . . I had a reservation for 5 PM and arrived shortly before.  A hostess asked me to wait in the lounge area and assured me I'd be shown to my table soon and I was.  Another hostess asked me if I wanted to walk the stairs or take the elevator.  The stairs it was.  She seated me at a small table along the railing which gave me a nice view of the downstairs dining area and a  view of the ceiling with the Union Jack and the neon sculpture.  Coming up the stairs, she explained that the neon was an artist's conception of the movement Ramsay's hands make when he's creating a beef Wellington.  It is very interesting very different.. . Richard, one of my servers, brought me their drink iPad.  I politely passed and went with an iced tea.  They only serve bottled iced tea, Republic of Tea, and I was given a choice of three flavors.  The blackberry sage was my choice, a tea I often make at home.  . . I gave Richard my voucher for dinner and a few moments later, he brought the Ramsay menu and told me my choices for each of the courses.  I ordered the soup and steak first and waited until later to order dessert.. . Some bread was brought to my table and the selection was so different than normal.  There were two lemon thyme focaccia squares, one mushroom truffle mini brioche, a pancetta fig mini brioche, and two slices of Stilton walnut baguette.  On the side of the bread plate was a round of English Devonshire butter with Hawaiian volcanic sea salt sprinkled on top.  Yes!  A restaurant that doesn't hide the salt from you.  I did observe a woman at the next table trying to get some butter without getting a single salt crystal so I understand both sides.  The bread was excellent.  I had one slice of the baguette and one mini brioche--the mushroom truffle.  I knew there was a large steak coming and I wanted to leave room.. . The onion soup was excellent.  I had some of that soup at Ramsay's Pub at Caesars so I knew what to expect.  Rich broth, tasty caramelized onions, and the two slices of Welsh rarebit on top made for a very good start.. . Then a runner brought my steak and it was indeed huge!  It had a Demi-glace with mustard seeds.  The steak was done extra rare as I requested.  It was marbled very nicely and it was very tender.  I sat their thinking I must be some kind of glutton as I kept eating and eating until I was almost completely to the bone.  At home, I would have gnawed on it like a dog, but I let my better manners take over last night.  After bringing me the steak, Carlos, my other server, asked if I wanted any salt or pepper.  He appeared a but later with a plate with two containers--one with ground pepper and the other with sea salt!  A second Yes!. . Later, I ordered the sticky toffee pudding.  I also had this at Caesars. I wanted to compare it to some STP I had the week before at another steakhouse on the Strip.  There is no comparison.  Ramsay's version wins hands down.  It's a moist pudding cake served with toffee in a metal pourer and a stick of brown butter ice cream.  Delicious!. . A note on service.  Richard and Carlos were first rate!  They were polite and friendly.  An above and beyond kind of thing happened when I asked Carlos about the types of bread.  He went to the kitchen, got a sheet of paper, and wrote out what they served.  That was really nice of him and it helped me remember the different things on the plate.  At the end of dinner, Richard gave me a business card with their two names on it and I'll keep it for the future because I will be back.  I have to try some more things on the menu.. . By the way, Mr. Ramsay, I may change my thoughts about you a bit.  I understand that you're public persona is somewhat of a show for TV and that you're much different--read nicer--when not before the cameras in Hell's Kitchen!
If I were rich I would eat here once a week. The king crab legs - sooo Amazing!!! They also have Innis & Gunn on tap. The service is phenomenal and very attentive. The wellington is also great.
The food was exceptional. One notable plate that stood out from the rest is American Kobe Cap; it was juicy, tender and meaty! I tried the japanese kobe a5 and the famous beef wellington, they were all very, very good but the american kobe cap was a tad more steakful( is that a word?!)  Service was spectacular!!! Mike and Jessica took care of us as well as all . the gazillion servers that came to check up on us without being intrusive.  My hung over husband jaw was on the floor from service. Mike was professional, attentive to details, and very knowledgeable. I almost forgot to mention the toffee dessert that everyone is raving on yelp.  OMG, The sticky toffee was delicious followed by the oh so creative coffee that came with the chocolate stirs. ;)
My boyfriend and I enjoyed a lovely date night at this restaurant.. . All of the staff members were polite and courteous, and were clearly working together as a team. It's nice to see a restaurant function like a piece of well-oiled machinery.. . Our server Matthew was absolutely WONDERFUL. If you are headed there, request him - I know I will the next time I'm there.. . We enjoyed a half bottle of Duckhorn Merlot that was lovely. Our appetizer was the Kurobuta Pork Belly with grits - tasty and not overly filling. My boyfriend being the GR fan that he is ordered the Beef Wellington which was, of course, divine. I ordered the Lamb entree, which (unfortunately) was incorrectly prepared medium-well the first time around. BUT - Matthew was on it and visited our table right after I had sliced into the chop, and whisked the plate away with the sincerest of apologies and a promise to bring fresh sides. We had the Mac & Cheese and Sauteed Spinach sides - AWESOME, I swear the spinach was a whole bag's worth and absolutely delicious. It took a little while to bring my re-fired lamb back, but when it came (with fresh sides) it was wonderful. We also enjoyed a tasting menu of deserts: apple tart, Toffee Pudding (YOU MUST ORDER THIS), and [chocolate thing that was so delicious but I don't know what it was]. Enjoyed some delicious French-pressed coffee as well.. . OVERALL a fantastic experience with all the frills of fine-dining but without the snooty, uppity atmosphere that I've encountered. The restaurant is super modern and very visionary - don't expect to have a quiet meal because the restaurant is somewhat noisy.  BUT you will experience great service and excellent food.. . Thanks Matthew for a memorable and WONDERFUL evening!
One of the single best meals I have ever had in my life. The Beef Wellington is mouth watering and you are doing yourself a huge disservice if you don't have the Sticky Toffee Pudding. It's worth every penny and worth however long it may take. Go and savor!. . If you have the chance to have Dennis as your waiter, you will not be disappointed! His service was outstanding and he was a delight...plus, he made some outstanding recommendations.
My family and I went to Las Vegas to celebrate my birthday just last Saturday. I'd made reservations at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant far in advance because I considered it my duty to taste his cooking, and see if it warranted the insane cursing & arguing that I see on his TV shows. Well--it does. He set the standard  AND the bar so high, he can yell & curse all he wants to! This was not dinner: this was a true 'dining experience'...from the decor to the greeters/hostesses and wait staff-everything was SUPERB. Everyone was dressed neatly & tastefully-as they are at most upscale restaurants but this staff took it up a notch. I couldn't help but notice the shiny cuff-links all of the men wore and the tasteful black dresses that the women wore-had me flashing back to Robert Palmer's Addicted to Love video. Sexy but reserved, with minimal makeup. The food...was simply DELIGHTFUL; I NEVER eat anyone's mac-n-cheese but my mother's-- until now. That macaroni & cheese gave me the warm and fuzzies and so did my scallops and lobster tail...My aunt smacked & groaned through her steak, my mother smiled through her lamb chops & my cousin practically prayed over and into her beef ribs the entire time we were there. :-) The whipped potatoes and spinach-as well as the drinks were wonderful. We topped everything off by sharing a warm apple cobbler & ice cream. Excellent, excellent, excellent. WELL WORTH the money. We can't wait to go back!
IAM A HUGE FAN OF HELL'S KITCHEN AND GORDON RAMSEY!! So had my hubby take me for Mother's Day and this was Best food, best experience, best service!!!. Staff was Awesome made us feel like we were the only ones that were being attended too.  Richard and the Prince forgot his name but AWESOME!!!!
I left this place truly amazed food was amazing however does dig far into your wallet staff was excellent and my only complaint was that I wanted to thank the chef personally but she was to busy to come out.
YOU'VE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME! This place is unreal. I've come to Vegas numerous times and I've seen the Gordon Ramsay sign hanging up at Paris and always wanted to go. This past weekend I got a little lucky and decided to go. Best culinary decision ever. First off...like an idiot I made reservations online for the wrong day but they still accommodated us. The service was (English Accent) spot on! I loved how they displayed the meat on this fancy tray. I ordered the beef Wellington (I see it being cooked on Hell's Kitchen all the time) and my fiance ordered the 8oz fillet. We also ordered a side of asparagus and mac n cheese. Everything was cooked to perfection and this was one of the top two restaurants I've been to (See my Girl and the Fig review for Sonoma, Ca). The food is pricey....but you expect that.. . P.S. I'm not a fan of coffee but I tried theirs.....AMAZING! They bring the sugar cubes along with spoonfuls of Amaretto, Bailey's chocolate and Chamborg (sp?). I gobbled it down!
We arrived rather late and hour before closing and were told we would have to eat in the bar area. One of the best steaks I've ever had. I got the filet and believe it was 8oz. it was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of seasonings. I also got a potato on the side and it too was great. A must go to steak house. Staff was very friendly as well and refilled drinks quickly.
I think the name of the restaurant speaks for itself.  Just for good measure, I had shared the foie gras, pork belly appetizer, beef wellington and the potato puree and spinach sides. It was all delicious!  I missed out on the sticky toffee pudding because I had a show to go to, but my friend said she almost fell off her seat because of how good it was.  What's great is you also get a discount if you have a Total Rewards card.
Food/Cost: (5/5) The food here is so good. I can just stop  there but I can't help and gush a bit. I'm a Californian who has been missing foie gras since its ban so I started my meal with the Seared Foie Gras ($26). And oh my lord it was the largest piece of foie gras I've been served in my life -- very well prepared too. I would actually recommend sharing it (and trust me I don't usually like or need to share my foie gras). The Maine Lobster Appetizer ($28) was also delicious. As for the entree, I had  the Beef Wellington ($56) and tried some of my friend's Ribeye ($58) -- both were spectacular, juicy, and perfectly prepared. Don't forget the sides here either. We tried the Truffle Mac & Cheese and Asparagus ($13/each) -- both also delicious. Then we closed off the already wonderful meal with the most amazing of desserts I've had in awhile.The Sticky Toffee Pudding with Brown Butter Ice Cream ($14). I loved the presentation (the ice cream was shaped to look like a stick of butter), the pudding cake was so lucious and moist, and I just couldn't stop eating it! Seriously, the food here is mouth-watering and worth every penny.. . Ambiance: (5/5) The vibe is upbeat and cool with sort of a red-ish glow eminating from the neon red art piece hanging from the ceiling (supposedly representative of Gordon Ramsey's arm gestures as he prepares the Beef Wellington) and a distinctly London-esque feel. We came for dinner this past Sunday during Labor Day weekend and by the time we made reservations the week before, the earliest they could seat us was 9:30pm. The restaurant is 2 floors, with a smaller seating area on the second floor that overlooks the main dining area on the bottom. You enter through a tunnel-like structure and then end up wih the bar are on the left and dining areas on the right. . . Location: (5/5) Gordon Ramsey Steak is located inside the Paris Casino and I like the location as Paris is more towards the center of the Vegas Strip. . . Service: (4.5/5) Service was flawless other than a slight, 10 minute wait in the beginning for our 9:30 table even though we arrived at 9:35pm. The food came at a seamless flow --  and the next dish was always ready as soon as we answered the waiter that we were done with the current one. . . Overall: (5/5) Come here. You'll love it. It may get a bit pricey but it is SO worth it.
Absolutely the best dining experience I have ever had. The ambiance and restaurant design was elegant and upscale yet unpretentious, with an avant-garde and polished twist on a rather classic, almost gritty British-pub feel. The centerpiece ceiling light of Chef Ramsay's hand movements as he prepares a beef wellington dish was a great creative decision for his personal signature. . . I had the limited edition tasting menu. Every dish was executed with a precision, finesse, and inspired vision such that it triggers not only gustatory pleasure but artistic appreciation comparable to what one experiences through fine literature or music.. . The kitchen managed even to take the common Scotch egg in an unique direction by pairing it with some lovely red-wine braised cabbage, whose slight acidity and moist freshness had excellent synergies with the texture and heavier flavours of the egg. Moreover, every bite of all the dishes, down to the side vegetables, was packed with interesting flavour. It goes to show that they do not cut any corners and make every component with conviction. . . The service was great as well. The wine expert obviously had extensive knowledge, and makes great recommendations. Food service was timely and well orchestrated, with just the right amount of time between dishes. Our waiter Charles was very friendly, professional, and told some great anecdotes. . . Overall, it was a very satisfying experience. My greatest compliments to Chef Ramsay and Chef Christina!
What can I say that hasn't been said already? Not much.. . One suggestion: When you make reservations, ask to be seated in Richard's area. He was wonderful.. . My fiance and I came in thinking, tv celebrity chef restaurant, how good can it be? It's probably all hype. WRONG WRONG WRONG! From the beautiful girl who escorted us to our table to the wonderful servers to the stiff drinks to the amazing food and triple amazing sticky toffee pudding, everything was perfection.. . Sorry I don't have pictures because when food comes out I dig in immediately and don't remember to take pictures until I'm halfway done... . Food: . House Bread and Butter- I'm a pig and I'm not ashamed in admitting I asked for more bread despite all the food my fiance and I ordered. . Hamachi Crudo- this was the only "okay" dish of what we ordered. I probably wouldn't order it again.. American Rib Cap with Foie Gras- Amazing. Perfectly cooked and so flavorful.. Beef Wellington- OMGGGGGGGGGGG. How can something that looks so bland and boring be so jam packed with yummy goodness and flavor?. Spinach Gratin- Another win. Asparagus- Another win. Toffee Pudding- Triple win. When I get diabetes from eating this everyday, I will blame it on this dish and have no regrets.. . Drinks:. Can't remember what wines we ordered but they were good pairings.. We ordered the cocktails and wines from an ipad. Can't recall what cocktails we ordered either but they were good and stiff. . . Service:. Richard and Jose are awesome! Would love to be seated at their table again.. . Totally worth it, please please please come eat here!
This is one of those places where they take care of everything to the last detail to make sure that you enjoy the experience and stuff is not left to chance. No way you can get a reservation on a Saturday night but we came in and sat at the bar area which has a lot of room, and a lot of tables. Our high table had a better position or view than some of the tables near the kitchen, so unless you can make a reservation upstairs I would say you can get a great table at the bar almost any time. The waitress was impeccable, she had all the answers and the way she managed everything was outstanding. They get great training I believe, because when I wanted to try some cider beer (the drinks menu is on an iPad by the way) she explained why it looks so much like cider and not so much like beer. She also said they tried all the drinks in training and this one gave her the most buzz. We got the Gnocchi, Wellington steak and a file, all super great. We didn't like the Fois Gras, too fat for my taste, but at $25 a plate I'm pretty sure most people love it! The spinach and mushroom sides were delicious and so is the starting bread they serve, it's actually different pastries. We just couldn't try any dessert since we were absolutely full after 2 days in Vegas, but the ones we saw at the other tables looked fantastic. The whole decor and light is carefully thought out and also the sound, there is loud music in the background but not intrusive when you talk at the table, you can hear everyone just fine and there is no need for yelling. It's the perfect place to have a great time and an awesome experience together with great food.
WOW!! This place is amazing!! Dennis and Andrew were the best wait staff we have ever encountered! It was my birthday and I received a personal song by Dennis, not your traditional hand clapping and wait staffing singing altogether. The sticky toffee pudding was PHENOMENAL!! Nothing about this place is like any other!! I will make this my place any time I come back to Vegas!
Hands down best dining experience I've ever had. Reservations definitely recommended. From the moment we walked in and had a glass of champy at the Chunnel Bar I knew it was going to be a great night. A few of my favorite things: the meat cart, the bacon bread, the beef wellington, the red light sculpture on the ceiling that is Gordon Ramsey's hand movements while making beef wellington, & the STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING. Make the reservation. You will not be disappointed.
Everything was perfect! My husband and I both got the filet and shared the mac and cheese and asparagus.  Our waiter Ted was amazing!
Best steak experience ever.  Better than Morton's, Ruth Chis, and Flemings. Attention to detail amazing.  Service was excellent.
I came here with high expectations given the hype, and was not disappointed. Here's a tip, it's hard to get reservations, but you can sit in the bar, which has some great tables. Best time to go to the bar is after 9:00 pm, since most people in there are waiting on their reservations. Service in the bar area was perfect! I went with the recommended order. . The Foie Gras was out of this world. I hate hate Foie Gras, my parents force me to eat it as a kid. But this tastes nothing like the cold slimy stuff. This literally hit your tongue and melted into my tongue. If you get anything on the menu that is the one thing you can't miss. . . I had the Beef Wellington, it was good, but not the best I had. The cut of meat was very high quality and it was cooked perfectly, however it needed more sauce accompaniment to make it phenomenal.  Finally for dessert you have to order the brown sugar caramel with brown butter ice cream. It sounds weird, but is rich and years up your taste buds. The secret to eating it is to combine all three ingredients in each bite. Then you get the full effect of the cream mellowing the sweetness. . . The Pre-meal bread was blah.... . The cocktails were fun.... . The wine list was light.... . But all in all if you have a few hundred bucks burning a hole in your pocket there is no better gastronomical place to spend it.
The Beef Wellington was simply astounding and the sticky toffee cake was incredible.  I cannot stress how delicious the Wellington was - tender, moist, melt in your mouth beef with a perfectly flaky pastry crust! We also had a great server who was very accommodating with the dietary restrictions of one member of our party and the addition of blue cheese to one of our steaks. All around a great dining experience and super delicious dinner!
From the beginning to the end, this restaurant was an amazing experience. Yaron, our waiter, was so helpful and had a great personality. We had the pork belly appetizer which melted in the mouth. So yummy! For dinner, I had the bone-in ribeye and the flavor was outstanding. My fiance had the Gordon's signature beef Wellington and that did not disappoint. We tried the fingerling potatoes and sauteed mushrooms both outstanding. Last but not in any way least, sticky toffee pudding for dessert! Every bite of everything left us with "O" faces. We can't wait to come back. You get what you pay for and we would've paid double!
Amazing from start to finish!   Even walking up to the entrance I got excited.  The hostess were in cute black dresses.  The tunnel like entry way. The decor is all cohesive from the menus, to the glasses, to the Lazer chandelier.  Detailed service... Never an empty glass.  The steak preview got me really excited (major carnivore). We had foi gras, pretty large cut. I ordered the Kobe American Skirt steak.  Good if you like sauce on your steak.  I paired it with bone marrow.  Two large bones, far too much for me but definitely worth what you pay.  My cousin ordered beef Wellington.  I would order it again.   THE STICKY TOFFEE WITH BROWN BUTTER ICE CREAM to die for!!!   Coming back for this!!!
I debated on eating here due to the high cost but I'm so glad I did!! I ordered the rib eye steak, medium well (I don't like my meat bloody) and it was soooo good!!! At medium well, the steak melted in my mouth, soooo good and tender! The most tender medium well rib eye I have ever tasted. . . The complimentary bread here was awesome too. The butter w the salt was so good. The bread is all you can eat, so eat up and ask for more. The best part is that we took home some of our left over food, and the waiter gave us a set of new fresh bread to take home! This was after we had two helpings of bread at the table. . . We ordered a side order of mushrooms to go with our steak, very good. Various types of mushrooms came with the dish.. . and last...the sticky toffee pudding with butter ice cream. I debated on getting one since I was so full but I'm so glad I did!!! The sticky toffee pudding is nice and light but tasted so good and with the butter ice cream, it's like you're in heaven!!!. . Just a few words of advice. Don't opt for the bottled water they try to push on you in the beginning. Ask for water in a cup, the water tastes filtered and fresh so no need to buy bottle water for $6 a bottle. Also, they will tell you the steak takes 30 minutes to come out, no need to order appetizers, the compimentary bread will fill you up and you can get as much as you want at no extra charge! Also, make a reservation as this place is pretty booked solid.. . I also got to take a picture with Christina, Hell's Kitchen winner from season 10.. . I love this place! If anything, order the sticky toffee pudding!
I'm not going to even fake that I have money. When someone (Trip Adviser) says the average bill at this place is $240 for 2, there's no question it's not in my budget. So hubby and I scoped it out longingly for 2 days. We looked at the menu, asked to see the wine list (had to go inside and ask for it, they keep on an iPad it's so extensive). Walked in, walked out. Finally, we asked about the bar and were told it's first come, first serve and they offer the whole menu.  They invited us to go in and look in the bar. I turns out, we had no reason to be so intimidated. People were in there sharing a burger and fries, just like any other restaurant. We are huge Hell's Kitchen fans and really wanted to try some of Ramsay's signature dishes like fois gras and beef Wellington.  So that's what we did. Fois gras ($26) was heavenly. I've eaten a lot of different preparations of it, and this one was the best I've ever had. Served with some type of jam and a pistachio pesto thing. Really paired well with the $10 beer I had (innes and Gunn) which is aged in bourbon barrels. We also had the kobe beef sliders and split the Wellington for one and it was a huge serving! We couldn't pass up the sticky toffee pudding dessert. It ended up being a huge meal and our total bill was $155 plus tip. Totally worth it for what we got. The food and experience were memorable. Just do it.
This was my second visit to GR Steak, and it was excellent yet again. I've been managing and laboring in the restaurant business for over three decades, and these people do it right. They really, really do.. . Our server, Jonel, is perhaps the very best I've encountered in this industry. My letter of commendation will be in the mail shortly. The staff here is uniformly excellent, but Jonel clearly exceeds that standard. She is genuinely proud of her profession and has obviously mastered it. We were treated on a royal level from start to finish. I cannot recommend her highly enough.. . The food, as expected, was superb. I've yet to find a flaw in any of the dishes here. Two highlights, as suggested by Jonel, were the French Press and the Sticky Toffee Pudding. This is a place where the coffee matters, folks, and the pudding is everything you've read and heard about. Those who remember Butter Brickle ice cream will be taken back to better days--but with vastly improved texture. This dessert--and its presentation--is a true masterpiece. . . Chef Ramsay believes in value for money. He delivers. He remains at the pinnacle for good reason. When we decide to go out for dinner, these are the folks we should be hiring and the food we should be eating. We've got way too many choices out there, and the majority of them are mediocre at best. . . For my own hard-earned, this is a much better one. I'll be returning, and soon!
I have been here three times and will keep returning every trip to Vegas. The bread especially the proscuitto/fig rolls are amazing. I wish I had the recipe to make them at home! The drinks (pricey) but good. Service was phenomenal- . . My first trip here I had a tasting menu, the restaurant had only been open a couple months so I expected slow service, speed bumps etc.. there were none. . Beet salad, asparagus soup with crab and caviar, the steak, the panna cotta- everything was beyond amazing. . . Second time I had the Wellington and its worth every penny! . . My favorite things are the after dinner french press at the table coffee with chocolate and liquer spoons and the sticky toffee pudding. . . Its pricey- expected from Ramsay. I will definitely keep returning here.
What an amazing experience! Showed up an hour before our reservation and went up to the bar. Got seated and the service was fantastic. Waiter was very knowledgable and friendly about everything on the menu. Had the bone-in ribeye and it was perfect! The customer service is top notch, if you ask where the restroom is, they just don't point and say its over there. They stop what they are doing and walk over to it. Never seen that anywhere before.
Loved our evening here with friends.  We loved our waiter, he made my friend feel very special when he sang to her for her birthday.  The sticky toffee pudding was to die for.
We had to try eating here after wtaching all Gordon's shows, to see if the food and service were to be held in the highest of his standards.. We are pleased to report that they exceeded our expectations,. Yes the price is high, but we will never forget a meal that was so incredible.. The beef wellington is the specialty of the house and rightly so.. The entire experience from when we arrived to leaving was timed perfectly so we could get to see a show a few hotels away.. Thank you Gordon Ramsey and team!
A friend and I went here last night for the first time.  Completely blown away from start to finish!! Even the chairs (we noticed there were different ones available, depending on the table you were sat at. Ours were red leather.) were amazing!! The staff was so professional and knowledgeable about everything on the menu (your table is serviced by multiple staff members) and were "spot on" with there recommendations!!! The complementary breads served were absolutely delicious! We ordered the pork belly appetizer and were so impressed!! Definitely recommend that, if you go!!! For our main course, we ordered both the beef Wellington (how could you skip that??), and the Kobe filet with a butter poached lobster tail. Fingerling potatoes with truffles, and mac'n cheese, rounded off the meal. Ok...when a steak is so tender, your knife has difficulty cutting it because any pressure forces the meat to "surrender"....RIDICULOUS!!! Get the Kobe!!! Beef Wellington...amazing!! Both sides?....amazing!!! Portions, especially the lobster tail, seemed a bit small, but that worked out "famously," giving us "room" for dessert! All I can say is...the toffee pudding thing is OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! I eat out A LOT, and this may have been the best restaurant experience I've ever had!!!
I went here last night with my gf and had one  of the most incredible meals I've had at any restaurant...anywhere.. They started by bringing us out a plate with several different types of bread on it that were warm & flavorful...followed by some excellent cocktails.... We ordered the shellfish platter & it came out looking like a work of art. Very tasty crab, tiger prawns, oysters, mussels, and lobster.. We both ordered steaks; for her; the Kobe skirt steak & I ordered the Kobe Filet Mignon. They were cooked to perfection & literally melted in your mouth like butter. The Parmesan potatoes that accompanied the steak were flavorful & delicious as well... We were so full & satisfied after the meal that we had no room for dessert & had to settle for an expresso instead.. The martinis we received with dinner were excellent and STRONG!. The service was flawless and you could tell with every motion the waiter(s) took at & around us, that they were well trained & so very professional.. The waiter was very informative, there were several of them attending to our needs before we could even mention them. We felt as if we were the only people eating in the place!. The ultra-modern set-up & even the music in the restaurant was relaxing, casual & enjoyable..  There was nothing that we Didn't enjoy about our visit...it's abit expensive but very well worth it.. We highly recommend this place to any & all who want the ultimate dining experience mentored by one of the most talented chef's on the planet !
Honestly I was over steak places in Vegas because from all I've tried between STK, SW, Botero, CUT, etc..none were too impressive. Me and the lady decided to give GRs new place a shot, from the time we walked in to have a drink at the bar to the time we were seated I had a good feeling that we weren't going to be disappointed. Started with the pork belly and a Caesar salad. Pork belly was amazing. Pretty much kicked the plate clean. . The bread choices, soooo good, especially the pancetta cheese flaky one. Actually asked for more, that with the salted butter I was already McLuvin it.. For the main course, she went with the prime cap and I had the Wellington. Both came out perfectly cooked, now he Wellington was spot on and delish BUT, if get a chance, DO order the Kobe prime cap. Its literally the perfect combination of flavorful tender meat. Don't hesitate.. . By dessert we were pretty full already but I wanted to see what the toffee pudding was all about, it came out and from the first bite I almost blew a load. I just remember laughing cause I was so surprised how this place didn't skip a beat. Ordered some espresso, spot on. . Bill came out to about 3hundy but IMO completely worth it. Take someone special for this great dining experience. . Cheers!
Bread selection is delicious with salted butters. Great accompaniments for steaks my favorites were bone marrow and foie gras. Sticky toffee pudding, one of the best desserts ever.
Reasons why you need to come to this restaurant:. . 1. Gordon Ramsay!!!. 2. Adrian our waiter was amazing, he is so personable, nice, and super funny. At the end of the night he came to our table and said we were his favorite of the night.. 3. Food is beyond amazing, literally melting in your mouth.. 4. Sticky Toffee Dessert = Best in the World. 5. Your Vegas experience wouldn't be complete, without eating at this place.. . So make reservations, get fancy, and treat yourself!
To describe this experience in one word- PERFECTION!  I was in Las Vegas for the first time on 10/10/13 for my wedding. As a treat, my husband and I made reservations here since we are avid Hell's Kitchen/master chef/all around Gordon Ramsay fans.  We arrived about 15 minutes early and the hostess seated us in the lounge.  I love the atmosphere there and how they utilize new technology. Their drink menus are all digital on an iPad.  We were seated pretty close to our reservation time and our server Matthew and his helper Ruben were phenomenal! Ruben always made sure my water glass was full throughout the whole meal. Matt was very informative and did not force us to go in any specific direction when choosing what we were going to order. My husband and I did order the tasting menu which far exceeded any and all expectations. We almost didn't order it because of a bad experience we had ordering the tasting menu 2 nights before at another famous chefs restaurant (B&B). I am so glad we did get the whole experience at GR Steak. The courses got better and better as the night went on. The Amuse  Bouche was out of this world. Layers of flavors exploded in my mouth with each bite. The beet salad was a nice refreshing course to prep us for the scallop risotto, which was perfect as well! The scallop lived up to Gordon's expectations. The risotto was the perfect consistency. As for the Wellington, well, it was the star of the show.  The pastry was light and crispy on all sides. The filet was cooked perfectly. We are from the Midwest and know our steak temps. When they say medium rare, that is exactly what it is. The caramelized carrots and potato mash were the perfect compliment to the Wellington. The last course, sticky toffee pudding was to die for! I've never had it before and was a bit doubtful that I would like it, but it was so good I wanted to lick my plate clean!! Paired with the toffee ice cream, it was delicious.  Do not listen to the bad reviews on here. Had I done that, I would have missed out on the perfect evening with my new husband. The food and service was excellent.  Anyone who gave anything less than 5 stars did not know what they were taking about and must have been looking for anything to complain about just to complain. My experience here alone is what  makes me want to come back to Las Vegas. In fact, my husband are planning to come back next year with his parents and uncle to share this experience with them - D&M
This place was amazing!! From food to service I could not find one thing wrong. We ordered the shellfish appetizer and split it. I like the oysters on the half shell and my boyfriend likes shrimp and lobster so it worked out well. The oysters were exactly what I expected. For the main course we each got steaks and mine was the Kobe skirt steak. This steak was pure perfection. They don't even offer regular steak knives (at least not unless requesting one) at this establishment because all you need is a butter knife. The service was amazing and we never had to wait long to have our drinks replenished. I had some type of antioxidant cocktail and it was something very smooth that was sweet but not too sweet and I could have drank all night long. We will definitely be going here again the next time we are in Vegas!
I had high expectations going in - and the meal exceeded them.  I reserved a table using Open Table. I ended up arriving about 45 minutes early and they graciously seated me immediately. . . The service staff was amazingly attentive. I explained that I had come for Gordon's Beef  Wellington. Ask them to pick a drink. I was served some thing called the HK. It was a light concoction with cranberry with mint and blueberry accents - perfect. . . Then the bread service arrived. A small collection of four different breads and a pat of Devonshire butter. All of the breads were great, but the brioche with prosciutto was special. . . They paired a gorgeous glass of Cabernet from Justin with my Wellington. Both were perfect. The 28 day dry aged filet at the center was amazing. . . For dessert I chose the Sticky Toffee Pudding. This alone was worth the trip! I finished it off with a great cup if French pressed coffee. . . Perfection!
I don't think I've had anything quite as delicious as the Beef Wellington.  Imagine a chicken cordon bleu, except class it up, use amazingly delicious beef and think flaky savory whatever it is that it's wrapped up in.   Simply ridiculously good.  . . Great fun ordering drinks via ipad menu.  Great service - they were able to set up my wife with a virgin version of the drinks upon request.  I'm probably biased because I was celebrating an anniversary with my wife and just had the best day, but not much to criticize at this place.  Simply fantastic.. . Also that brown butter dessert thing was absolutely decadent.  I forgot the name but you'll find out when you're there just go.
Well what can I say. I'm already a fan of Ramsey!! So I'm probably bias. The lamb chop that i had was probably one of the best
Probably the best meal I've ever had. It is not just dinner, it is an experience.. . The greeters and the servers were top notch, by far the best service I've ever had and I've been to my share of fine restaurants over the years.. . What topped it all off is the food, and that's what it is all about anyway.. . I had Kobe sliders, Chorizo stuffed Lobster Tail and the Beef Wellington -- all were absolutely amazing.. . My biannual Vegas trips will now include dinner at Gordon Ramsay Steak, no doubt about it.
I never thought I would say this at such a young age, but since I've grown to love good, quality service and exceptional food, I can confidently say that Gordon Ramsay Steak provided the best OVERALL meal I've had in my life, so far.. . My husband Sal and I are avid watchers of Hell's Kitchen (and most other GR shows), so we've been planning a visit to this establishment for several months when we decided to celebrate our anniversary in Vegas... After booking hotel and airfare, a reservation at GR Steak was the next logical step, right?! I noted that we would be celebrating our first anniversary, and it was not forgotten!. . We arrived early but were immediately sat at a Chef's Table facing the kitchen. The maitre d' wished us a happy anniversary, as did the hostess who sat us. We were promptly greeted by our server, Freddy, who also wished us a happy anniversary. He let us know that he had someone that would be helping him to (he was just as good, but I can't remember his name!). We were presented with the wine list, and the special Hell's Kitchen menu, but we both already knew what we would be ordering.. . I chose the Wellington - ever since Sal got me hooked on watching Hell's Kitchen, I've wanted to try the Wellington! Sal is a huge fan of a good ribeye, so naturally, he chose that. I also ordered the British Ale Onion Soup, and Sal got a side of mac & cheese. . . Let's just talk about the Wellington for a moment... It melted in my mouth! The meat was tender, juicy, and almost creamy. Not to mention the pastry was just perfect. Sal's Ribeye was equally as tender, cooked perfectly, and had just the right amount of seasoning to bring out the flavor of the meat, rather than mask it. Let's not forget that mac & cheese! Now, it's no secret amongst my families, I HATE PEAS! There, I said it. I don't hate them nearly as much as I hate cilantro, but still, I don't eat them. Ever. Well at GR Steak, I ate my words, and some delicious peas!. . Ugh, now I'm hungry! On to dessert! Freddy had been raving about the Sticky Toffee Pudding, so when I asked about the "cake", I was pleased at how well he described it. Though he said it was more like a "bread pudding" I would argue that the "cake" is more of a prune cake type thing. Either way, the overall experience of the dessert was magnificent. That's right - I used the word magnificent to describe a dessert!. . Bottom line, hands down, best meal I've ever had. Best service, too. Glasses were NEVER empty, servers were extremely pleasant, and the atmosphere was fun. Can't beat it. Totally worth the price for a celebration dinner!
This is a must have if your in Vegas food is excellent to say the least, one of the best meals I ever had. The beef Wellington was excellent and so tender. For desert I enjoyed the vanilla filled donuts.
My boyfriend brought me here for my Birthday since I'm such a big fan of Gordon Ramsey.   I was just awed when I walked through the portal from Las Vegas to London.  The restaurant ambiance was amazing, nothing like I've ever seen..very mind blowing.  We ordered the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu (5 course meal). When you order this you get a signed autograph picture of Gordon Ramsey.  The assorted bread that was included with the meal was delicious and fresh.  Every dish in the menu was just unbelievable and to top it off the sticky toffee pudding with salted butter ice cream was heavenly.
Gordon Ramsay is my all time favorite chef in the world and I was dying to see how his restaurant in Las Vegas was. This was one of the restaurants that were on the higher price range and more of a fine dining location; which was exactly what I was looking for. I had the beef wellington which was absolutely phenomenal and I don't think I've tasted any steak product as amazing as that. The sticky toffee pudding is one of Ramsay's signature desserts and I have now known the reason why. You literally experience heaven while indulging this dessert. It is perfection to the tee. I loved this place and loved the food even better. I would definitely go again and I will forever and always remaina Ramsay fan.. . However, I was disappointed when my husband and I had arrived 20 minutes early and were seated 10 minutes after our reservation time. This was infuriating because a couple was seated earlier when they had walked in later but as soon as the manager was informed we were seated immediately but the hostess only told us we would be seated upstairs and showed us to the table without saying another word. I had heard many hostesses saying a phrase to other customers as they walked them to their table but I am still in the dark about what this particular catchphrase is. Also, our waiter was the one to tell us that the light fixture in the center of the restaurant ceiling was created by a Canadian artist who was trying to illustrate the way that Chef Ramsay cooks. He was quite surprised that the hostess did not mention anything to us below. At least we got to find out eventually. Another disappointment was that we were not shown the infamous steak display, which was what the waiter was supposed to do before we order our food. However, after we ordered I had seen this steak display being shown to others and out of curiosity I had asked a waitress (other than our own) to show us the display but that was after we already ordered and too late to choose new items after learning the exciting details about the different types of steaks served at the restaurant.. . Overall, some of the staff may have been below average, as previously stated and also hostesses and door people munching away on snacks while on duty, but my feelings towards GR have not changed and the biggest reason for this is because the food was out of this world.
My wife and I ate here two months after they opened. One of the most expensive places I have ever eaten, and worth every cent. The Lamb Duet, Lamb Chops and Lamb Shepherds Pie was perfect. My wife's ribeye was awesome. Hopefully It's still just as good today.
My wife and I try to eat at a new restaurant everytine we visit Las Vegas. On this trip we went to Gordon Ramsey Steak in the Paris Casino. You need reservations to get in because they are always booked for the night. Our waiter Donnie And Sergio were surperb. The explanation of the menu choices was excellent. We decided on the 32 oz. porterhouse to share with mushrooms and asparagus. The steak was fantastic. Done to perfection medium rare.They brought out the meat after grilling to show us what it looked like before taking it back and slicing it for us. What great service!  You must make an effort to eat here when you are in Las Vegas. The experience is well worth the expense. Next time the Tasting Menu with their Signature steak - Beef Wellington. Ask for Donnie, he's great!
Me and my girlfriend Love Gordon Ramsay and his food, this was our 2nd time here and let me just say the service was unreal. . . Our waiter Yaron was the best waiter we have ever had in fine dinning. If you do get selected to be in his section you are in for a good time. He has a great personality and made our dinner an experience and not just about the food. . . The food was amazing, I had the filet and my girlfriend had the wellington. The food is simply unreal. I have nothing to say about the food other then you will love it. . . The manager on duty was also very nice coming by our table to ensure everything was going good. . . I suggest you try the drifter cocktail, it was sooooo good. . . . We did try all 3 of his restaurants during our stay in vegas and this was the best. . . #1 Ramsay Steak . #2 Ramsay Burger . #3 Ramsay Brew Pub - not our favorite but was still good. . . We will be back next year and will personally request sitting in the same section as Yaron. . . Thanks for a good time.
I am AMAZED! Gordon Ramsey has kept his restaurant up to the standards he expects in his shows. The service was absolutely impeccable! The food, mouth watering & innovative...though expensive ;) And the whole experience was PERFECT! The Sommelier even came over and gave my friend a bottle of beer that he thought he would enjoy! Such a great touch! 5-Star, and a job well done Gordon Ramsey!
I went here for dinner for 2 because I wanted to experience what a Gordon Ramsay restaurant was like.. . So, on a Thursday night the place was completely booked up. If you plan on coming here make sure you have a reservation for a seat in the restaurant or else you'll be looking for a seat at the bar area, which might be hard to do. We got lucky and found a nice seat at the bar and were greeted right away by the bartender Tracy. She completely made us feel very welcome and didn't judge us despite our young appearance, which was a concern for me. . . The restaurant was ultra modern and very edgy. This is the most edgy steakhouse I've ever been in because of the loud music and dim red lighting. Also, the uniforms for the staff was congruent with the ambiance of the restaurant, which is expected from Chef Ramsay.. . My date had the Beef Wellington for 1 and I had the short ribs. Both dishes were amazing and worth the money to try them at least one time in your life. Lol. The amazing thing is that when the dishes were brought out, the staff described the components of the dish again, which was even more detailed than the menu. So, this was a plus because I've never experienced that before. It was a very nice and fancy touch to the experience. . . I highly recommend dining here...it's a Vegas must!
Doesn't get better than this. Perfect food, amazing desserts and the best cup of coffee I've ever had. . More of an experience than a dinner. From the rolling meat cart to the passionate wait staff and hostesses, this was a perfect evening.
I have been fortunate enough to eat here a few times and each time Gordon did not disappoint!   They start you off with different breads. I can not stop myself from eating the pancetta rolls. . . If it's your first time here you have to try the Beef Wellington. I tried foie gras before at another restaurant and didn't like it.   My cousin order it here and made me try it... So glad I did because it melted in my mouth!  I had to order one for myself. Make sure you order the appetizer one, the flavor is intense.  . . What makes this restaurant even more special is that offer a Rib Cap cut.  I tried this the second time I went here. I have been to lots of different steakhouses and never had this cut before. OMG it's heaven sent!! . . You have to have the Sticky Toffee Pudding. with their French pressed coffee. It's so light that it could practically fly off your plate and it goes so well with the coffee. . . I just love place !!
Four words..  BROWN BUTTER ICE CREAM.    There is a special place in heaven for the inventor/creator (?) of this wonderful component to the sticky toffee pudding. . . The decor is cool and has a hip contemporary vibe. . The service was very thoughtful friendly and attentive.. . The wine list had great selections. . We had the beef Wellington which was as good as the hype suggested. And crab legs which were as good / better than any I have ever had.  . . Leave room for desert.. . Oh yea, then after dinner I got on a heater and the Paris Casino craps table paid for my dinner (and then some) ;)
My wife and I are GR fans. Excellent food and service from Matthew! Snobby host. Pricey, cause you pay for the name and location, but worth it for my wife's bday and just to try one of GR places. Like Yelpers say the music is a bit loud but no biggy. We had chorizo stuffed Maine Lobster app, asparagus and mushroom, medium filet, I had med. rare bone-in NY, nice assortment of breads. We really wanted dessert but were too full. All of the food was excellent - great flavor, cook on meat, seasoning!. I asked about Christina. Matthew said she was on vacation visiting friends and family in New York. He said when she is there she works the line. Not sure we would go back since there are so many fine dining to try and we rarely get to do it, but I'd definitely recommend.
Shaun and Shaun were an amazing service team. . Every bite we had from the bread service, fois gras, chowder, Wellington, rib eye, carrots, and mushrooms were perfectly seasoned. . Dessert was nothing less than AMAZING as well.
"We all live in a yellow submarine" cosi cantavano i Beatles nel 69, e in questo stesso modo era giusto iniziare questa recensione. . . Perche, vi chiedete... nessuno in particolare, avevo in mente la canzone da quando Fabio P. mi ha detto del sommergibile per infusioni che lui ed Elena M. hanno a casa (ce l'abbiamo anche noi, peraltro).. . Gordon Ramsay Steak e un'istituzione, una leggenda, una porta socchiusa ai confini del sole e, perche no, anche in incantesimo dischiuso tra i petali del tempo (per Rina). Il locale e esclusivo, forse uno dei piu esclusivi in cui sono stato, e curato nei minimi dettagli. Il piano terra ha una parte lounge e arredata in stile moderno in cui le ragazze in nero, che hanno immediatamente charmato parte della cricca (di Dawson, vedi Dawson's Creek sempre senza alcun motivo) con cui ero andato, hanno provato ad infilarci prima di rendersi conto che per quella sera, la prima a Las Vegas, questa eccelsa steakhouse non ci avrebbe sfamato.. Senza disperare (piu di tanto) prenotammo un tavolo per il giorno dopo e fu cosi che dopo 24 lungherrime (si, avete letto bene LUNGHERRIME) ore abbiamo avuto l'onore ed il privilegio (ed il pregiudizio, per non farci mancare nulla) di cenare qui, al primo ed elegante piano del locale.. . La qualita del servizio non e definibile, al contrario e lei ad aver definito un nuovo metro di paragone per i miei futuri Gimme Five (Stars, non la canzone di Jovanotti, mi raccomando). Abbiamo avuto un cameriere che ha portato una grossa ruota di metallo in cui erano posti i cinque pregiati tagli di carne scelti da Ramsay in persona per Steak. Il simpatico cameriere non si e scomposto neanche quando gli e stato detto che i filetti in Italia sono alti meno di 1cm (WTF! Lo possiamo dire in coro) e si e scusato quando la pasta ordinata come sidedish (paese che vai, usanze che trovi) era scotta (vedi ultima parentesi). Per gli alcolisti, anonimi o meno, si segnala la presenza di sommelier e iPad per la scelta dei vini... quindi puoi andare tranquilla Elisa V.!. . Cercare di descrivervi il cibo sarebbe riduttivo quanto un filetto alto 1cm, e giusto che io lo dica. Tutto, e dico TUTTO (si sa, le scritte in maiuscolo sono piu potenti perche seguono lo stesso principio logico-scientifico del "da red wunz go fasta!"), era curato nei minimi dettagli! Persino la normale acqua era importata dalla Scozia perche si abbinava meglio ai piatti serviti.. Ovviamente imperatore della serata (il re e quello allo zola) e stato il FILETTO ALLA WELLINGTON, un'eccezionale esplosione di gusto racchiusa in una piccola crosta di pasta sfoglia (e per fortuna non in un minuscolo spazio vitale, altrimenti tutta la lampada di quel povero genio puzzerebbe di carne :( ) fragrante al punto giusto. Io l'ho abbinato a dei funghi che esaltavo il gusto pieno e completo di filetto, pure e riduzione di vino rosso splendidamente... insomma, se siete arrivati fino a questo punto della recensione dovreste solo guardare la foto che ho pubblicato ed invidiarmi, non avete altra scelta (tanto piu che se un povero Balrog non puo passare per un ponte di certo voi non avete il diritto di NON invidiarmi!).. . Gordon Ramsay Steak e un'esperienza unica ed epica (e, perche continuiamo a non farci mancare nulla, anche un po' power metal) che sarei pronto a rifare in qualunque momento, questo e il risultato della mia cena li, e non solo... dopo aver provato questo desidero cosi tanto collezionare tutti i ristoranti di Chef Ramsay che manco Ash Ketchum riuscira a sconfiggermi!
This place was awesome. From the service to the food, there was nothing to complain about. Everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly. I had the Beef Wellington, which I must say, was one of the best things I have ever tasted. The sticky toffee pudding with the brown butter ice cream was a culinary delight. I wish I could buy that ice cream by the gallon!!   We saved this place for our last night in Vegas and boy did we go out with a bang. The whole dining experience was 5 star from begining to end.
Happy to have find my new best restaurant ever. The previous one was the "Maison Aubrac, rue Marbeuf, Paris, France".. . The American Rib Cab was incredible, i liked it, and advice it !. . We was received by some very cute girls, and very nice guys, we was served by Donnie and Carlos.. . I like the very smart wine selection on iPad !!!. . And finally, we was in during the Halloween night, we were very well accomodated even though we were in costume and makeup for the occasion.. . Our only disappointment was that we hope to meet Gordon ; and we don't :(. . Sorry for my bad english, i'm french :)
This was such a wonderful experience! The restaurant atmosphere was very comfortable and modern. The beautiful art piece on the ceiling was created, in part, by special gloves that Gordon Ramsay wore while making his signature dish, the Beef Wellington. We were served by an amazing team, Donnie and Mohomadu! Our dinner included the chorizo stuffed Maine Lobster and Hudson Valley Foie Gras to start, which was incredible, especially the lobster with chorizo (the spice of the chorizo didn't over power the lobster, they went beautifully together, a dish I will crave for a very long time). To follow... we ordered the Beef Wellington for 2 and fell in love! I have never had a filet that was so tender you could cut it with a fork! Our sides included Sauteed Spinach, Roasted Heirloom Carrots, in a hot wing sauce, light, spicy, deliciousness! To finish we indulged in Gordon Ramsay's signature Sticky Toffee Pudding that was incredibly moist with a heavenly brown butter ice cream (the creaminess is beyond words), a French Press Coffee (this could have been dessert in itself with the 3 chocolate dipped spoons lettered "A" for Amaretto, "B" for Bailey's, "C" for Chambord) and the Apple Tart Tatin with a frangipane filling (I wish I could tell you how this tasted, apparently very good since my husband devoured it while I was looking in awe of my dessert...when I looked up his was gone)! . . We did not get to meet Gordon Ramsay but we did meet two very wonderful people, Donnie and Mohomadu, who's service was exceptional and memorable. We never felt unattended to, their grace, efficiency and mannerism were a representation of sheer excellence in fine dining and customer service. We will only ask for their service in the future. . Thank you, Donnie, for being so intuitive and Mohomadu for your warm smile! It's rare to find such a great team!!
I just had dinner there last night and I just had to write a review. I read reviews about noise level and service and I found NONE of them to be true, in my opinion. We had the HK tasting menu and loved every morsel of our meal. The service was amazing and Charles, our waiter was the best. He went out of his way and we enjoyed everything. The food was very delicious, especially the beef Wellington and the toffee pudding and the service was attentive and personable. We were even able to take pictures of Josh, he waved and was super friendly. Can't wait to go back!
Best experience.  Everyone remembered your name, and called you by it.  I dont think there's anything not awesome on the menu.  Yes it's pricey, but it's not like you do this type of thing every day.  I'd definately go again. Only thing missing was some shouting coming from the kitchen
Gordon Ramsey Steak was amazing from the moment we walked in until the moment we left.. .  Let's start from the beginning:.  Arrived early for our reservation and were seated at the bar while our table was being readied. Our bartender Neal, (I believe), made my friend and I, the two best dirty martini's we have had in a long time. The olive stuffed with blue cheese and bacon just made the drink that much better. Before we could take a second sip, our table was ready. . . Our waiter was Anthony. Steak should clone him. He was fabulous. He explained everything in depth with enthusiasm. He even pointed out things, like the neon light sculpture on the ceiling, that were particular to Steak. He made us feel welcomed.. . The food:. My friend and I shared a Caesar salad. It was great. Just there perfect amount of dressing. the scotch egg was a treat.. For the main course there was a debate. I wanted the Beef Wellington and my friend wanted the Wellie and American Kobe Wagyu Beef Cap (she and I had never had that before.) We agreed to split our meat entries with each other. Well, after the first bite for each of us, we decided sharing was not going to work and gave each other a sliver of our steaks. The food was out of this world.. For desert we shared the Sticky Toffee Pudding. It was my friend's birthday and Anthony had a candle added to it. She felt very special.. . Price - It's a steak house on the strip. It is not going to be cheap but for what was served and the service received it was worth it. It was about $130 per person including drinks (at $13 per x 4).. . I would recommend this restaurant as your fancy meal out when in Las Vegas.
Flew out to Arizona to spend some time with a friend.  We drove out to vegas knowing we were going to go to a Ramsay restaurant, after researching and looking on Yelp we decided to go to the steak house in the Paris resort.  As huge fans of his shows, we decided to get the Hell's Kitchen Menu.  This is my first time on Yelp and will say a few things.. . We arrived at Ramsay Steak about 10 mins before our 8:30PM reservation, we go to the hostess and told they are running a little late...No problem, we will go to the bar and grab a drink or two.. . Waited about 15 mins, and some how the hostess knew who we were and took us to our table.  We got sparkling water and waited for the waiter to take our order....Now this is where shit got real:  I am from Washington D.C. and I found myself out of the element LOL. . The bring out the bread, I didn't realize but I was cutting the butter with not a butter knife...felt like a dip shit but hey, not use to fine dinning.   Now to the Hells Kitchen menu:. . Let me first say that our waiter Charles N.  was the man!  He explained that we will be in for the meal of our lives,. and he was not joking.  From the first course "Scottish egg"  to the Beef Wellington to the Dessert, the wow factor was there!  From the first bite, to Andrew changing our cutlery to the drinks to the experience it was fucking AWESOME.  Charles N was the best waiter I have ever experienced and Andrew was his help, I have to say that this was not just fine dinning, it was a fine experience!  We asked if the Hells kitchen winner was available to maybe take a picture, but she was on a (I am sure well deserved) vacation.. . . Thank you Gordon Ramsay for that experience, Charles N. was a great server and his help Andrew made this experience great.  We paid almost $500 for two of us, and I would Happily pay that again for the same experience!
Great Fingerling potatoes. Great beef wellington. Fantastic service!
Have been to Steak three times now....  Drinks are amazing, my goal is to sample every drink on the menu.  First two trips, i ordered the wellington... amazing.  This last trip, i decided to go with the kobe filet and lobster.  The price was high, but i never have a problem paying, because the filet is the best steak i have ever eaten.  Save room for dessert. Sticky Toffee Pudding with brown butter ice cream is amazing. Enjoy!
I was a little worried about going to eat here after reading some of the reviews.  I am so glad I didn't buy into the negative comments.  . The music was loud but not annoyingly loud.  We have 4 kids ranging from 2 to 10 so it wasn't hard to hear eachother or staff, we also didn't have to yell to have a conversation. . . From the moment my husband and I stepped up to the podium we were greeted and shown immediately to our table.  The hostess explained the Chunnel as well as the main lighting fixture in the dining area.  . . Everything was amazing from the service to the food.  . I did the ordering since I did the research on the place. . For starters we had the pork belly, and when it came out it scared my husband a little but once he dug in we both agreed it tasted like awesome carnitas. ;). I ordered my husband the Wellington because he always wanted to try it since he saw it on HK, which was so good.  I had the bone in rib eye, probably the best I've ever had.  For sides we had creamed spinach and Mac and cheese which I think we could have either done without or shared one.  I'm a steak person so I don't mind eating a good steak and nothing else.  . Save room for dessert even though it might be hard, the sticky toffee pudding was out of this world good.  The couple next to us ordered the donuts and those looked really good too.  But I didn't have any room for anything else after we split the sticky toffee pudding.  It is now my favorite dessert ever.
We had the fall tasting menu and left so full. Everything was awesome! Must try the sticky toffee pudding and the beef welington. The antioxidant is by far the best drink I have ever had. Great night.
I wish I had a bigger stomach when we ate here!! I had the beef wellington.. it was cooked to perfection and my side of mac & cheese. My DF loved his steak. I loved the whole theme with the "chunnel" and the decor. Our waiter was wonderful and made a great suggestion for our wine. Everyone was very attentive. I would definately return when in Vegas.
I don't get all the negativity here on some of the reviews. . . There are a million "Fine Steakhouses" in Vegas, you need to stand out to get the business these days and Steak did imo. If you want the quiet 5 star experience this may not be for you, but if you like great food in a trendy setting, it's the place to be. . . My wife an I were there about 6 weeks ago (haven't had time to do Vegas reviews since we got back), the food was excellent and the ambiance was just fine. . . We got there about 5 minutes before our 6p reservation on a Sunday and were seated immediately. We had seats in the middle of the balcony so you got to "take the entire restaurant in," I think part of Steak is the experience that some complain about. . . We did the 5 course tasting menu (was the Summer tasting menu). It's a bit pricey to do the tasting menu, but most tasting menu's are ($140pp)  and I'd only do it once because some of the other stuff looked so tasty, but as a HK fan you get a hand signed GR photo with the menu as a keepsake for each diner as well (and Christine the HK season 9 winner who still works at Steak which was her prize, she signed it as well between her expediting) . It's also the only way to do Gordon's famous diver scallop risotto. . . So the tasting menu was: . . Heirloom Salad ( I forgot the name special name): Had an excellent sauce with it, good starter. . . Also got the complementary bread plate which was phenomenal, I think it had 4 different types of buns/rolls, my wife didn't even have to ask the waiter saw how much we enjoyed it and when he saw her grin when he said something he just brought more.   . . Scotch Egg: I've had a few of these over the years, these were hands down the best I've ever had. Another "lick your plate clean" between the sauce, egg and cabbage. . . Diver Sea Scallop Risotto: Excellent, wish there was more, it's the reason so many try this menu and I understand why. . . Beef Wellington: My wife who's not a huge meat eater finished hers before I was half way done with mine. Only bummer about this is you only get about a half portion as the regular menu (but the 5 courses fill you up). Excellent, my wife, the usually at least medium well to well done beef eater when she ever eats it thought it was great. It was melt in your mouth good, the pure with it excellent as well. . . Sticky Toffee Pudding with Brown Butter Ice Cream: It's as good as you hope, too often at places you have this amazing meal only to have a subpar desert (if you have one) This one did not disappoint, for those that don't like sweet deserts, don't put a ton of the caramel on the cake, I do though so I loved it. The ice cream (which is shaped like a stick of butter) also phenomenal.. . We had the service you'd expect at a restaurant of this caliber and the food to go with it. Again I wouldn't do the tasting menu again, more because I'd like to try other things on the menu when I'm there next time, but if you're an HK fan do it, you shouldn't be disappointed. And I'm sure this will become a regular stop on my trips to Vegas.
Went for my birthday dinner and it was absolutely AMAZING, the very very very best steak I've ever ever had!! Worth every penny spent there. The atmosphere was good too...only down fall is that it's pretty noisy. But other than that a HUGE A+!!!
5/5... This is definitely as good as it gets. On Nov 10, 2013 me and my wife went here for a dining experience I will not be forgetting anytime soon.... . The service from the greeters to the waiter was amazing! The waiter explained all the different types of meats in detail. He was easy to understand!. . My wife ordered the Beef Wellington and I had ordered the Beef Ribs. Our app was the Lobster dish... The bread was amazing too... . I will keep this review short as I am in agreement with all the other 5 star restaurants here... . One thing I didn't like was that we were charged for Water (both tap and sparkling) because it was imported from Wales. Not that big of a negative since the food was already super expensive.. This is not a place I will be going to every week anyway! Only on special occasions!!!. . I recommend this to all to give a shot who feel like blowing off a couple 100 in a day with a date!!!. . Happy customer here!
Delicious food in an interesting and beautiful setting.  Service was great.  We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner experience here!
The second time and still the best rib-eye I have ever had. We started off with three orders of roasted bone marrow with extra Brioche as an app. Three people from the back brought it out to the six of us in style! . The bone marrow was lacking in salt.. But we brought our own sea salt to save it.
Items selected:. . Bread and Butter - Devonshire Butter with Volcanic Salt, Lemon Focaccia with Olive Oil, Black Truffle Mushroom with Pancetta and pork fat, Baguette with Blue Cheese and Walnut. Red Lion - tanqueray gin, grand marnier, lemon, orange bitters. Seared Foie Gras - sunchoke puree, Sicilian pistachio streusel, Harry's Berry's Jam. Gnocchi - blistered heirloom cherry tomatoes, royal trumpet mushrooms, crispy iberico jamon, mushroom cream. Kurobuta Pork Belly - cheesy grits, tomato jam, onion pork jus. American Kobe Rib Cap. Duet of Lamb - shepherd's pie, lamb chop. Roasted Beef Wellington - glazed root vegetables, potato puree, red wine demi glace. Sauteed Mushrooms - garlic chips, scallions, bonito. Potato Puree - yukon gold potato, creme fraiche. Mac n Cheese - blue, cheddar, parmesan, truffle. Roasted Heirloom Carrots - chicken skin, ranch powder, "hot wing" sauce. La Colombe Nizza Double Espresso. Amaretto, Baileys, and Cointreau. Treacle Tart - Golden syrup, raspberry ripple ice cylinder, freeze dried raspberries, honey wafer. Apple Tart Tatin - Golden Puff Pastry, Caramelized Apples, Marzipan Filling, Cinnamon Ice Cream. Sticky Toffee Pudding - Sweet Pudding Cake, Brown Sugar Toffee, Brown Butter Ice Cream. . Admittedly not a 'steakhouse' guy nor particularly fond of 'celebrity chef' entrepreneurs who loosely oversea their restaurants it was with cautious optimism based on palates I trust that I recommended Gordon Ramsay Steak at The Paris Casino to a group of friends and colleagues visiting for The Olympia and with a menu featuring more than a few of my favorite things I have to confess that aside from some oddities in the restaurant's decor and the costumed hostesses both the food and the experience exceeded all expectations.  A large space, both as boisterous and as brash as the chef from which it is derived, our party of six found ourselves in the more formal of the upstairs dining rooms and with a server not just capable but happy to trade jokes with us as the night went on one might say that we ate and drank too much, but with three courses each plus a quintet of shared sides plus a few plates of the complimentary bread I'd suggest we ordered just right - each of the restaurant's signature items making an appearance and all well deserving of the substantial praise.  From supple foie gras and one of the more impressive takes on pork belly onward to perfect Beef Wellington and gamy lamb accompanied by rich shepherd's pie each and every savory to land on the table was well conceptualized and perfectly prepared to medium or rare and with coffees and cocktails equally well-crafted nothing less was expected as dessert, the sticky toffee pudding perhaps the best dessert currently served in Sin City and reason enough for anyone to at least pull up a seat at the bar downstairs.
We don't normally dine at expensive steakhouses, but I have always wanted to try the Beef Wellington so we made it a point to go. We tried walking up but they were booked. We were offered the alternative of "first come" service in the bar, but it was packed. So I went online on my smart phone and very easily made a reservation for the next night. We were seated right away upon our prompt arrival. The staff was friendly and professional. The food was outstanding. They even brought around a meat cart so you can see the different cuts of meat. Everything was explained...the different types of bread, how long the Wellington would take, except the fact that they charge for the water. (Unless I missed that?) It's bottled and imported, and not free, so just be aware of that $9 charge for a bottle of still (the word "water" is not in the description on the receipt.) Oh, and know that a soda is $6. Wow. I knew I was going to pay over $50 for the Wellington, but that's just robbery on the drinks. If you want to save money, make sure to sign up for a free Total Rewards card first. You get a discount. -- prices with and without that card are printed right on the menu. . . This is a good place for special occasions. The music was a little too loud, which we experienced all over Vegas during this trip. So it wasn't especially romantic. But it was really delicious !!
The most amazing meal I've ever eaten.  Sticky toffee is a must, no matter how full you are.
Have you ever eaten at a restaurant and left feeling you had one of the best dinners of you life?! Well, that was my feeling after dining at Gordon Ramsey steakhouse. Located in the Paris hotel just off the casino floor, is where my food oasis lies.. . As my wife and I entered the restaurant, there was excitement already circulating throughout my body. Chef Ramsey is by far my favorite chef and I'm a huge fan. His knowledge of food and excitement with food is what really started me yelping restaurants and cooking again. The restaurant is beautiful. It's elegant yet has an energetic vibe to it. The servers are constantly moving. A great sign that the service is going to be good. And it was. Servers are very professional and on point with everything they do. I was watching them work and you just see no one is standing around. Gordon Ramsey has high standards and servers are living up to it.. . We were seated at our table and was given the menu. Everything on the menu just sounded heavenly. It was hard to choose because We wanted everything! But we decided on a soup an appetizer an entree and a dessert. For the soup We went with a English chowder. Smoked haddock with seared scallop. OMG! This soup is fantastic! The chowder was creamy and smooth with a hint of smokey flavor from the Haddock fish. The scallop gave it a sweet flavor and combined together put me in Ecstasy! . . Our Appetizer was the Gnocchi. Fantastic! Pillow soft gnocchi with roasted cherry tomato and mushrooms with a creamy mushroom sauce. A fury of flavors all rolled in to one dish. Freshness is what you taste. You can really feel the high standards in the food with just this appetizer.. . My entree was Gordon Ramsey's signature dish. The beef Wellington. When this dish came out my mouth was just drooling! You see this dish on his Hells Kitchen show. On tv it looks amazing but till you see it in person you really appreciate it more. This is an amazing dish. It was extremely tender! This was an explosion of flavor hitting my pallet! The flaky pastry shell, the tender juicy filet, the smooth rich mushroom, it was simply a dish that made whatever problems you had in your life go away for a moment and just made you forget about everything!. . My wife had the mediterranean Sea bass. That is another amazIng dish! The fish was flaky. It came with a cauliflower puree that changed in color when adding lemon juice to it! Wow! It was beautiful and delicious! . . For dessert We went with another signature dish. The sticky toffee pudding. OMG!!! Amazing!!!! The warm bread pudding topped with a warm sauce with a brown butter ice cream was heaven on a plate! It was delicious! It's a dish words don't do it justice! You have to try it yourself to truly appreciate it. . . We had an amazing dinner. The time we spent at Gordon Ramsey steak, is a moment in time we will never forget. It made us forget about some bad news we just received and put a big smile on both our faces. Great food can make great moments and that's what we had. I just wish I was able to meet Gordon Ramsey, that would have been icing on the cake!
My wife and I had dinner at Gordon Ramsay Steak House Nov 2013 while in Vegas. I ended up not feeling well right before the food came out. We stayed and I ate anyway. The service was top notch and the food was excellent. I ordered before I started feeling ill so my food was way to much for me. Even not feeling well the food was great. I will definitely go back. The only thing I did not care for was the onion soup, I am sure it was prepared well but not thy style onion soup that I like. I wish I felt well enough for desert.
To start with, I am a huge Gordon Ramsay fan. I watch all of his shows and realize what a culinary perfectionist he is.  I knew that I most likely would not get to see him, but that this restaurant should portray his hard assed attitude and what he expects from any restaurant.  It does!  The loud music kind of took me by surprise, but I liked it.  It made the place seem a little less stuffy.  The wait staff deserves all of the stars that I have given this place!!  All I have to say is WOW!  A crumb didn't hit the table without being swept away, a drink of water didn't go unnoticed and was followed with a topped off water glass immediately.  One of my group reluctantly sent a steak back which had a butter poached lobster tail beside it.  He had taken a couple of bites of that before noticing the undercooked steak. Not only was there an onslaught of apologies, but when the steak returned, there was a new lobster tail. While he waited he was brought a plate to eat the side item, a baked potato, which he received a new one once the entre returned. . . We did go into this withvery little expense spared. We had appetizers, a bunch of sides, the best entries, paired with great, (not the best), wine, and finished off with the signature dessert.  Our bill for four of us was over $600.00 before the tip.  . . And finally a couple of finishing notes;  Book a reservation at least a week in advance, order the truffle mac and cheese, (I can't stress that enough), and try a dessert with the French pressed coffee. . . This place is quite friendly.  Not so uppity like other high end restaurants that I've been in.  The staff made all of us feel very comfy and welcomed.
This place was amazing! I would reccomended to anyone and everyone, we love Gordon Ramsay so we had to try one of his resturants when we went to Vegas. It's not cheap but we had the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu which I highly reccomend before it goes away. Our server was Charles and he was just great, best dining experience thus far!!!!
I have never anticipated a dining experience the way I anticipated this one.. Stick with me, this review is going to be REALLY long, but it will be full of good details. . We got there at 7:30, and were shown to the bar and told that someone would come get us when our table was ready.. We ordered our drinks:  An English Garden, An English Side Car, an Arrogant Bastard beer, and a glass of the Cote-du-Rhone Villages red wine.  All of them were awesome.  . After sitting for maybe 10-15 minutes, we were shown to our table, 15 minutes before our reservation time.  . I could not have DREAMED of having a better table. We were seated right next to the pass, so we were able to see some of the food being prepared, and got to see Christina herself (Hell's Kitchen season 10 winner, and head chef) not even five feet from our table.  More on that later.. . Our servers were Mike and Sergio.  Both of these gentlemen were amazing, and very friendly.. Mike was well spoken, and extremely knowledgeable .  He offered several recommendations, and took notice when our drinks were getting close to empty.  He was upbeat, personable, and amazing.. I have NEVER in all of my dining out experiences had a server ASK if there were any allergies at the table.  I have one, but its not a major one, and there was no avocado in anything that we ordered, but Mike wrote it down anyway, just in case.  How amazing is that?. . Ok, so onto the food!!!. . The bread plate:  I should have taken notes on what each different bread was, because they were all delicious.  I had a feeling just from the bread that the food was going to be incredible.  I was right. . . The Shellfish Platter (2-3). tiger prawns, king crab, oysters, clams, lobster, and seasonal shellfish served with:. champagne mignonette, citrus soy sauce,. cocktail sauce.  . We also received mussels.  . This was enough for a party of 4, since we ordered a LOT of food.. The exciting bit for me, was watching Christina herself inspect this platter before it was placed on our table.. The platter is served on a huge octopus statue (probably pewter?) that I desperately wanted to put in my purse.  The platter itself is served on an ICE SCULPTURE.  How cool is that? The food was delicious.  The champagne mignonette sauce perfectly accompanied the oysters.  The prawns were HUGE!  I personally didn't have the lobster, I opted for extra oysters, which were AWESOME.  Everything, really, was perfect.. . The Fois Gras: . served with hearts of palm puree, pumpkin waffle,. bourbon maple glaze, fines herbs.  . For the complete experience, you MUST MUST MUST eat ALL THE COMPONANTS TOGETHER!. That being said, I'm not a fan of pumpkin anything.  Never really have been.  This. Was. Phenomenal.  The fois gras just melted in your mouth, and all the componants on the fork, every flavor just popped.  It was an explosion of deliciousness.  . . The British Ale Onion Soup:. boddington's pub ale, caramelized onion broth,. Welsh rarebit. . Oh. My. God. . I love French onion soup, so I knew I'd at least like this.  The broth was so full of flavor.  Its the first time I've ever used a knife with my soup, to cut the Welsh rarebit.  It was delightful.. . The English Chowder: . smoked haddock, scallops, fingerling medallions,. citrus pearls.. The presentation alone on this soup was amazing...the bowls were brought out with only the haddock, scallops, and medalions, then the chowder was poured in AT THE TABLE!  How cool!  I absolutely loved that.. I had a bite of it, and the chowder was incredible...the scallop just melted.  Delicious. I feel that this was the superior soup, although the Ale soup was absolutely wonderful, and I enjoyed EVERY bite. :). . And now...the mains. . . I, of course, having an enormous crush on Gordon Ramsay, ordered the Beef Wellington, served with glazed root vegetables, potato puree, red wine demi-glace.  . . It was perfect.  I'd actually tasted this about a year ago, when a friend brought me a leftover bite...stone cold it was good.  . But it arrived a perfect mid-rare, the pastry was delicious...it was absolute perfection.  I wanted to cry it was THAT good.. Steaks: . The prime filet:  perfect mid-rare.  Melted in your mouth.  Wonderful choice.. The Ribeye:  again, perfect mid-rare.  EXTREMELY flavorful.  . The American Wagyu Rib Cap: My favorite steak of the night.  Explosion of flavor, a little more on the rare side than mid, but that's ok. Awesome.. . Sides:  we had the truffle mac and cheese, which has ruined me.  I will never be able to enjoy a plain  mac n cheese without longing for this.  Mushrooms were great too.. . Finally, we had the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream.  It was perfection! What else can I say? You MUST save a little bit of room for this.  MUST. . . All in all, this evening exceeded all of my expectations.  Gordon Ramsay, your staff did not disappoint.  Can't wait to return.
This was my first time dining at one of Gordon's 28 Restaurants. It was getting close to Bedtime and I was still kinda Hungry (the portions at Koi were really small) so I decided to come here for a Late Night Bite after seeing that spectacular Volcanic Eruption at The Mirage. . Its so cool that Gordon's Face is on the Arc de Triomphe outside. After looking at that for 5 Minutes I walked into the Paris went to the Left and found the Restaurant inside of a Tunnel, I came in about 35 Minutes before Closing I sat at the Bar, it was hard for me to Choose something but a little over 5 Minutes of Examining the Menu I decided what I wanted: I was going to get the Beef Wellington, but they said it would take 45 Minutes to make, so in the Meantime I decided to order some other dishes. . For my Appetizer I got the English Chowder with Scallops, Smoked Haddock, Fingerling Potato Medallions and Citrus Pearls (Rich Creamy Broth, Perfectly Seared Scallop, Smokiness from the Haddock, Texture from the Potatoes and those Citrus Pearls bursting with Acidity with each bite you take). I asked if I could sample some of the Crispy Jamon Iberico (Spanish Ham) that they use for their Gnocchi Appetizer (and it was Crispy and Smoky). . . I also Decided to Order a Cocktail I got the Red Lion (Tangueray Gin, Grand Marnier, Lemon Juice and Orange Bitters, garnished with a Swirling Orange Peel (A very Strong drink so I had to take Sips, I think they call it the Red Lion cuz its very Ferocious on your Palate, They seemed to like that name and might consider changing it to the Ferocious Lion), They also gave me a Plate of Assorted Breads while waiting for my Entree: Lemon-Thyme Focaccia, 2 Different Brioche Breads 1. Pancetta & Fig and the other Mushroom & Truffle and some Walnut & Stilton Blue Cheese Baguettes and on the side a little Circleof Sheep's Milk Butter topped with Volcanic Sea Salt (The Mushroom & Truffle Brioche was my favorite of the bunch). . . Then the Beef Wellington came out (In case your Wondering what Beef Wellington is, its Filet Mignon seared coated with Mustard wrapped in Prosciutto then coated with Duxelle or Puree of Mushrooms, they say they use Chanterelle and Black Trumpets for their Duxelle and then they wrap it up in Puff Pastry) it was Beautiful, Served Medium Rare with a Yukon Gold Potato Puree, Roasted Root Vegetables (they had a good amount of Bite) and a Red Wine Demi-Glace (Meat was Melt in your Mouth, Earthiness from the Duxelle, Smooth Potato Puree and Flakiness from the Puff Pastry) and to finish off the Meal I ordered Gordon's Best Selling dessert, The Sticky Toffee Pudding (Sweet Pudding Cake with a Brown Sugar Toffee Sauce and Brown Butter Ice Cream) The first time that I saw this dessert was in the Middle of the 4th Season of MasterChef when Gordon was gonna make that Dessert for the Wedding and since then I've been dying to try it. . . (It was awesome, the Cake just Melts in your Mouth, The Ice cream was Sick (in a Good Way) although the Shape was different in the Episode that Gordon presented it was shaped like a Quenelle but when I got it it looked like a stick of Butter (Hence the Name) and when your pour that Sticky Toffee Sauce all over it (its Heaven). . . My bill came out to $110, This was the most Expensive Meal that I've ever Paid for so far in my 22 Years of Living, Mostly because that Beef Wellington (a $56 dish) your probably thinking (Have I lost my Mind) and I'd say no its worth every penny, Oscar, Bobby and Liz were all very Nice but its a shame that Gordon wasn't there nor was Christina (Christina Wilson the Season 10 Winner of Hell's Kitchen who won the position). . But I still had an Awesome time and they were also kind enough to bag up the other half of my Beef Wellington (which I gave to my Dad), If Gordon is reading this I wonder if he'll like it or just call me a Donkey and tell me to Fuck Off, Who Knows. But I'm definitely stopping in Next Visit !!!
I just had dinner here not even a full week ago, and I'm already dreaming about the next time I'll be back.. . Like others, I was drawn in by the infamous Gordon Ramsay beef wellington. It wasn't even a decision when the menu came out. The waitstaff and hostesses were extremely friendly and accommodating. They definitely made us feel welcome, and transitioned our bar tab to our table bill easily. (I don't know why some restaurants make that so difficult). . We ordered a few drinks, (they ended up not charging us for our soda drinks and only charged us for our alcohol *score*) and for the appetizer we chose the lobster stuffed with chirozo. For our entree we ordered the beef wellington for two.. . The lobster was amazing! It was a single lobster tail in a creamy sauce with chorizo in the center. The lobster was cooked perfectly and the chorizo not too salty. It took all of my will power not to lick the plate when we were finished.. . Then the entree came. We each took a minute to just look at our amazing dishes. We also ordered a side of potatoes but they were nothing to really talk about. Just pretty basic, they were good but basic. We ended up not finishing the potatoes. The wellington on the other hand was like food for the Gods. We each took a bite and closed our eyes to enjoy the rich goodness. The meat was cooked perfectly, the flaky crust was flavorful and not dry. Under the fillet was a bit soggy but we didn't care. We pretty much ate in silence after that. It was delicious, and super filling. . . We definitely did not have room for dessert. Next time, I will be prepared.
The food was out of this world, no words can describe all the flavors my tastebuds has experienced. This is truly the best restaurant around. I had the beef tartare and it was to die for and I could not stop myself from gobbling it all up. For the main course I got the famous beef wellington and was joy disappointed. The best part was dessert if at all this bread pudding is a must try. It was so soft, sweet and tasty my mouth is watering just talking about it! The service was great and drinks were yummy as well. . . Overall experience was exceptional but it is a bit on the pricey side. Average for two with drinks was about $200 but well worth it.
Had a phenomenal meal at Gordon Ramsay Steak in Vegas. Just an explosion of flavors. My highlights were the Beef Wellington, truffle mac n' cheese and sticky toffee pudding. Was amazing how you could get so much toffee flavor without it being overly sweet. The chocolate liqueur spoons served with the cappuccino was a nice touch. Prices were not bad for locale and calibre of meal.
OMG... Gordon Ramsay Steak at Paris in Las Vegas is AH-MAZING!  I can honestly say that this was the best meal I have EVER had.  Seriously.  I even saved this review to be my 100th Yelp review!. . First off, let me start by saying I love fine dining.  I enjoy the experience and have been doing so all my life.  So on my most recent trip to Las Vegas of course had to try it.  I was devastated when we couldn't get a reservation.  So my first tip... Make a reservation, EARLY!  Plan ahead and make sure you have a table.  We arrived right when they opened so we grabbed a table in the bar area.  Luckily they still serve the full menu in the bar seating area.  . . While I was tempted to try the wellington due to Ramsay's TV shows, the rib cap came highly recommended.  The flavor was beyond amazing.  Below are the dishes we had.  Absolutely every single item I am listing here I am highly recommending!!. . Beet salad appetizer : I don't know what they do to these beets, but the way they paired so deliciously with the goat cheeseand creme fraiche.  My husband which doesn't like beets even liked this!. . Hamachi Crudo : the black garlic puree that the fish is served on is delicious.. . American Wagyu Rib Cap : The marbling and flavor of this cut is like no other.  I had never had this particular cut of meat before and let me tell you, whenever I see it I will order it.  We were told that all the meats are aged there on site.  So cool!. . Mac & Cheese Side Dish : two words... savory & heavenly. . ...and finally for dessert the sticky toffee pudding.  I'm english and have eaten sticky toffee pudding for christmas every year since I was a young girl.  This was by far the best I've ever had!  Just the right about of richness, the cream wasn't too heavy and since it is such a rich dish, the size of the dessert was just perfect.. . Expect to pay for such amazing cuisine.  But I promise you will not be disappointed.  I thought that Gordon Ramsay was all hype due to all the TV shows, but damn, he really has earned every bit of his fame!
It was a really nice experience.  Our host was not so attentive at first because our group of 7 walked in but no one greeted us. Then a gentlemen asked if we needed help. Yes sir, take me to my table plz.  The experience after that was amazing. Our waiter Donnie, was really nice and real patient with our group.  The staffs were attentive as well.  They consistently checked on us and ensure everything was going well.  We ordered:  beef Wellington, porterhouse, and beef tip cap :) lets say: They are all AMAZING :)  we will definitely come back :) thank you for the amazing experience.  We give Our waiter Donnie a 10 Stars if possible :).
Roasted Beef Wellington (5/5). A thin layer of pastry with a juicy, flavor, ham-textured core of filet mignon. Easily my favorite preparation of steak. Favorite steak of the night. That being said, having been to both the Hollywood and Vegas Ramsay restaurants, I prefer the Los Angeles preparation.. . The Los Angeles kitchen pretty much is prepared the same except it comes with a container of sauce that tasted a bit like jam. It moisturize the meat and gave the steak a little bit more kick. Like cranberry sauce on slicea of turkey.. . Porterhouse (5/5). I believe the steak was somehow thinly breaded and was pan seared with some sort of red wine and beef broth reduction. Then sprinkled with salt.. . Wasn't my favorite cut of the night, possibly my least favorite one, but amongst porterhouses, best implementation so far. The flavorful outsides really carry through the rest of the steak.. . American Rib Cap (5/5). Second favorite steak and I'm thinking I might prefer this over filet mignon and possibly prime rib. Not too sure.. . The steak was extremely juicy, moist, and flavorful. If the Wellington didn't dominate so hard on so many factors this would definitely reign supreme.. . Mac and Cheese (5/5). Mac and cheese with truffle oil. Pretty much describes it to a tee. I love truffle oil. So an easy five from me. I bet this dish can be taken up a level with a dash of jalapeno. . . Sauteed Mushrooms (5/5). A medley of sliced sautewd mushrooms. The mushrooms tasted like mushrooms. Really not much more can be done with them, nor should there be.. . Maine Lobster (5/5). Chorizo stuffed lobster... I've never had my lobsters stuffed with anything before. It was definitely interesting. Not sure if the stuffing altered the flavor of the lobster in any way,  but the lobster was very flavorful and moist. The sauce that accompanied it was wonderful, a very light sauce that didn't overpower the lobsters natural flavors. The chorizo was present as well, along with some corn. I'm left wondering if the chorizo had any effect on this dish or what its role truly was.... . Service (6/5). There's great service, and then there's Donnie's level of service. From his presentation of steak cuts, to hos recommendations, to how he handled our billing mishap. He near perfect experience with something on the bill that might've soured our experience to a blemish free experience.. . We were not happy with the fact that we were billed for the water option which we thought were free. So he took it off our bill and the rest of my party stopped frowning and I'm sure the move will result in many positive yelp reviews. Thank you for taking care of us Donnie.. . Gordon, I fucking hope I'd be able to shake your hand and grab a pic with you one of these days ;)
In a word, Gordon Ramsay's Steak was AMAZING.  I've given this meal much thought, and each time I think it was the best meal I have ever had. Oh, and my husband totally agrees with me!  . The entire dining experience was fun. Yes, a fun upscale restaurant. From the moment you walk into the glass tunnel, we were given a mini tour by our hostess. She was as sweet as could be and told us about the decor.  She then guided us upstairs to our table. . Our server was Dennis, and his assistant was Ben. To say they were attentive is an understatement.  Dennis brought out the meat display and in great detail explained every cut if beef.  He also was more than happy to answer all our questions about the menu and offer suggestions.  Ben was "Johnny on the spot" bringing out the five varieties of bread and telling us about each one. Our beverages were refreshed throughout the meal.  . My husband had the ribeye and a side of spinach. It was the most tender, flavorful, well seasoned ribeye we've ever tasted. I had the beef braised ribs with pureed potatoes. Tender yo say the least.  We ate so slowly to savor every bite!. Dennis highly recommended the sticky toffee pudding for dessert. We are chocolate livers, but thought he hadn't led us wrong yet. And he didn't this time either.  I don't even have the words to describe how delicious it tasted. And the homemade ice cream truly complimented the pudding.. Back to our server Dennis...he was fun, knowledgable, animated, and knew the menu inside and out. We even had a chance to talk about Gordon's TV shows.  . We are looking forward to our next trip to Vegas and going back to Gordon Ramsay's Steak.  HIGHLY recommend.
This place was amazing!! Had the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu. Totally worth ever penny ($145/person) but bring your appetite! A definite must while you're in Vegas... Seriously the best meal I've ever had.. . . . . Only downfall was that our waiter double charged our account and withdrew over $700 from our bank account and nearly stranded us in Vegas... After countless calls the hotels billing department finally helped us by calling the bank to have it credited back...
Ramsay's has become my new favorite steakhouse in Vegas.  The overall surroundings look similar to what it looked like when Les Artiste use to inhabit the location with the exception of a tunnel like hall and a lounge in the bar area where a large table use to exist.  The neon overhang is pretty cool too.. . Excellent customer service is offered at Ramsay's.  I've been here twice now on two separate occasions with two different servers and I'm quite impressed.  My only warning for the newly initiated is that you just get plain tap water when they ask you for sparkling or still...$8 a pop otherwise.  On my first visit my table accidentally ordered bottle after bottle thinking the still water was plain water...NOT so.  Five bottles later...oh boy.  We might as well fork out for some more wine.. . Great steaks.  The ribeye is my favorite but they have Kobe cuts that will melt in your mouth.  It's much pricier however, as is the caviar.  To save on price, order sides with your dish like the foie gras or bone marrow (no bread to neutralize the oiliness of the marrow however).. . The main reason I like this place though is their toffee bread pudding (award winning according to our server)...YOU CANNOT MISS OUT ON THIS!  Save room for dessert.. . Oh yeah, their complimentary bread is killer.  If you ask nicely they will pack you a few to go.
Our Hostess must have paid attention to the note I included on Open Table because we got a great table and our amazing server, Freddy, knew it was our first trip to Vegas.  The entire experience was excellent from start to finish.  . . Service was impecable, the interactive wine and spirit list was lots of fun, and the menu selections made it hard to choose.  We ordered Sidecars for our drinks and they were stong and delightful.  The selection of breads was impressive and so tasty!  My husband ordered the Kobe Beef Tartar and I got the Kobe Beef Sliders as an Appetizer.  Hubby's app was served with a flair for the dramatic and came with amazing housemade potato crisps.  My Sliders were to die for!  The 45 minute wait for The Beef Wellington was well worth it.. and since we were seated near the pass, we had plenty to watch.  My husband got the Fisherman's Selection.  He said the mussels tasted a bit funny and thelobster was rubbery.. BUT the fish was amazing and and scallops were perfectly done.. so.. all in all it was a decent entree.  I got the Wellington with a side of Mac and Cheese.  I shared both with hubby because it was too much for just me.  We unfortunately didn't have room for dessert.. . Only downsides.. the presentation by the hostess was comically pretentious (the neon sculpture in the center of the room is a representation of Gordon Ramsay's hand movements in the kitchen)  and the noise level of the music was extreme... but otherwise it was a great dining experience and well worth the high price.   Our server, Freddy, redefined the term "award winning service".
Gordon Ramsay's Steak was the HIGHLIGHT of my Vegas vacation. The shows, clubs, and casinos are great, but dining here is what stood out the most!. . I tried to make reservations online and it told me that all the time slots I selectedwere unavailable! I REFUSED to give up and just called directly. I ended up getting a 6:45pm reservation which is perfect! Word to the wise it's a 25$ fee for EACH person if you don't make your reservation!. . We were seated upstairs in a dimly lit room, with about 4 large tables. I guess these rooms are reserved for large parties as we had a group of 7. Our service was IMPECCABLE! Drinks were ordered on an ipad, bread was presented to us, and our orders were in quickly! Everyone was looking forward to dining here so we already knew what we wanted. UNTIL our server brought out the different cuts of steak!. . I stuck to my guns and ordered the 22oz rib-eye! Mother of GAWD was that an excellent choice! I enjoyed it far more than the wellington, which was delicious in its own right. I prefer to have a bit of fat on my steak! Adds additional flavor! The best part is the fat was nice and CRISPY! My mouth is beginning to salivate as I type this! I was given a hard time for ordering a well done steak but who cares! I don't like my food bleeding all over the plate lol... The steak was juicy and PACKED with flavor! MY GOODNESS! THE best steak I ever had!. . The sides were pretty damn good as well. We ordered asparagus, mac n cheese, loaded potatoes, and a potato puree! The sides are definitely family sized and we shared amongst each other. The mac n cheese was the most memorable to me. Absolutely delicious!. . Dinner was worth every dime of the $600+ tab! I don't even remember the exact amount. I just handed over some cash haha! Special thanks to the hardworking staff who made our dinner phenomenal!!! I will DEFINITELY be returning the next time I'm in Vegas!. . P.S.. You don't need ANY steak sauce! My sister ordered the house made steak sauce and it overpowered the deliciousness of my steak! She thoroughly enjoyed but to each is own! That's not to say it was bad but it tasted like bbq sauce to me.
This restaurant blew me away!  Everything was presented well and tasted just as amazing.  Being a Masterchef fan, I had to come to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and experience what he is all about.  I saw the kids on Masterchef Junior cook the famous beef wellington and had to have me some myself.  I immediately booked a reservation for my family on Thanksgiving.  A holiday will gave me a justified reason to be completely gluttonous and gorge to the max.. . First off, Steak is located in the Paris hotel.  Just look for the big red sign.  At the hostess desk you will check in, and grab some cool matches :)  You are then seated in the bar to wait for your table.  We were then escorted upstairs to a cool booth with a great view over the entire restaurant.  . . When you are ordering the waiter will bring over a table with every cut of steak they serve and describe the marbling, texture, and flavor of each piece. . . The bread plate is pretty darn good!  The two flavors of the pinwheel rolls (truffle and fig + bacon) are both amazing.  It is like a savory pastry that melts in your mouth.  The other breads were good as well, but the pinwheels are the winners.  The butter is served with black volcanic salt which adds a nice smoky saltiness to the butter.. . I got the Beef Wellington which is served rare-medium rare (this cannot be changed due to the way that it is cooked).  The Wellington was so soft and juicy I was in love.  The truffle and prosciutto around the filet mignon was tasty and the pastry around was super buttery and flaky.  So good.. . My brother got the short rib which fell completely off the bone.  My parents shared a rib eye because they both have hypertension, elevated cholesterol, and heart issues that they don't want to die of.  The rib eye was sufficient for both of them to share.  The restaurant even cut it into slices to make sharing easier for them.  . . For the sides we all shared the macaroni and cheese, sauteed mushrooms, and fully loaded baked potato.  The sauteed mushrooms had a nice woodsy feel to it and the mac and cheese was great.  It has blue cheese in it, which surprisingly did not overpower the dish.. . For dessert we shared 2 sticky toffee cakes!   I would have devoured it faster if I wasn't so fully of steak.  This is their most popular dessert and I can see why.  They pour the toffee sauce right over the cake when it comes to the table.  The cake itself is light and fluffy and the sauce is just heaven.  The salted caramel ice cream comes in a rectangle form, so it looks like a stick of butter.  It was a little bit salty for me and I would have preferred straight vanilla ice cream instead but it was all good overall.. . I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to spend a lot on a good steak dinner.  The quality of the food matches the price.  It was definitely one of my favorite dining experiences in Vegas so far. . . Notes:. - Use your Total Rewards card to get a few bucks off everything you order.. - Make a reservation.. - Enjoy everrrythangg!
I had been looking forward to eating here for  my anniversary, it was worth the wait!!! We had hamachi crudo for our appetizer, Kobe beef American rib cap, salmon and Mac and Cheese. It was so delicious and currently craving more!!!!
This was by far the best meal I have ever had in my life and that is saying something. The beef wellington, the blue Mac and cheese, the bread and the Brussels sprouts were all beyond amazing! I would let Me. Gordon Ramsay scram at me anytime for a meal that amazing! Not only was the food the stuff made from dreams but the service was beyond top notch and if you've ever seen Hells Kitchen you'd know why! Sometimes the seating is limited and only the bar area is available at first come first serve but if you go to the other side of  the bar to the right on the side facing the dining room and kitchen there is extra seating as the bar is surrounded by seats so look there if no other seats look available it is usually deserted in that side. This is a restaurant everyone should visit in their lifetime and I hands down recommend you get the beef wellington because no one will share theirs with you if you opt for the filet instead. Gordon Ramsay is not just entertaining but is a mastermind when it comes to culinary arts! Needless to say my husband and I will most definitely be back!
I ordered the porterhouse steak for 2 (32oz)for me and my gf which was $105. Honestly the best steak I ever had. I ordered it medium rare, and it was just melting in my mouth. Service was excellent and you cannot over dress here. If you have extra money for a nice elegant meal I would recommend.
As a total foodie - this place is absolutely AMAZING and easily my dinner was in the top three of my life. And I'm old. From the food/wine/service perspective it was phenominal. I think it's the ONLY reason to visit the Paris Casino - b/c that place was really a dump. This restaurant seemed out of place for that environment. Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely go again.
I've eaten good steaks all over, and this was the absolute best! Donovan's in San Diego has been dethroned. The sides were just ok, but I have a new "best" by which to measure.
Foremost, you may wish to consider requesting a booth upstairs. These over-sized, semi-circular areas allow for a much more intimate experience. It was the consensus of our party that it seemed to block noise ... and it also allowed for a nice overview of the vibrant, beautiful establishment.. . Additionally, set aside about ninety-minutes for this experience (if you invest in multiple courses). And, let me assure you, it is well worth your time. (Seriously, relish this time away from the cheesy chaos of Vegas). . . Now, our server was the absolute best. (I wish I could remember his name!) He was charming, warm, knowledgeable, and attentive. (The "meat lecture," complete with rolling visual-aids, was fascinating ... trust me, you will enjoy it!) While everyone in my party ordered these lovely pieces of meat, I am a vegetarian (and did not want to spoil anyone's night out). When I told the server, he did not blink (or scoff), instead, he immediately accommodated me (he set me up with a beautiful beet salad and avariety of sides that were the equivalent of a hearty meal). This amazing man also assisted us in selecting the perfect beer to accompany our entrees (the Fin du Monde was simply spot-on). This culinary genius also selected the perfect sauce for each entree ... without hesitation or pretense. . . Each person raved about his/her experience. One person literally said it was the first time in months that someone genuinely got "medium rare" right. And, while no one was a bit hungry, we still had to try the sticky toffee pudding. Now, if you have had the push-up pops at BurGr and thought you experienced the "real deal," you have not. The push-up pops are fun (we enjoyed those), but this was AMAZING! The interplay of hot and cold is essential to the enjoyment of this dessert ... try it, you will agree.. . In essence, the food was delicious. But, in complete honesty, it was this server that made our experience "five-stars." He was not pretentious (as we suspected may happen here and were entire wrong about), he was not "pushy," he was not dismissive ... he was a professional, super nice, sweetheart who literally made our night! (And, we are still talking about him two weeks later!). . Know that this is an experience, not just "a meal." Instead of throwing money into a slot machine, why not spend it here, bonding with family and friends. . . Chef Ramsay has certainly created a bastion of sanity in an otherwise crazy place! Thank you so much for that! We will never forget our visit to Gordon Ramsay Steak.
Best resturaunt I've ever been to. We came back the next time we went to Vegas. Just a truely amazing experience. Expensive but worth the price. The steaks are to die for. If you are going to spend the money... go all out! Also. Get the coffee with chocolate spoons. You won't be disapointed by anything!
I have been a lot of places and when it comes to overall dining experience this was the best I've ever had. Warm greeting by hostess then went to the bar for a short wait had my wife had specialty martini that was greatly balanced and I had the Blue Chimney (one of my favorite beers). Then the hostess took us to our table but delivered our drinks which I thought was very good service. Once we sat, we were quickly greeted and brought water and introduced back to the drink menu which was on an iPad. We started with the flashed cooked clams. They were amazing! I have never had clams done that way and they were seriously melt in your mouth deliciousness! Let's talk about the bread...this isn't just a dinner roll...you get 4 different small breads each unique in flavor and texture. Our favorite was the prosciutto wrapped fig bread. WOW this was a knock out! It was just bread with bacon flavor with out the bacon. I told the bus boy how awesome it was and he packed us away 4 more for the road! Then we split the Market Greens salad which was full with flavor but not over dressed. Obviously we came for Gordons beef Wellington! I mean this is the best steak I've ever had. It just melted in your mouth but still flaky from the puff pastry outside. Since it was my wife's 30th bday, they brought us the Sticky Toffee pudding. Light, moist and full of delicious sweetness. Amazing. . . The service was top notch  everything get set on the table at the same time. Bus boys were always cleaning our mess or bringing us more water and the servers are very knowledge about there food. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants the best dining experience. We come to Vegas a lot and we will be back just to eat here again. This is my first Yelp review for a restaurant because it really blew me away.
This restaurant literally severed me the best food I have ever eaten. I ordered the stuffed lobster and Beef Wellington. The food was exquisite to say the least. Be sure to clarify tap water or else you'll be charged 9 dollars for a bottle of water though! My wife is allergic to gluten and dairy, and the chef even personally came out to explain what he omitted from the salad she ordered to make it OK for her. That is pretty great service.
I was here twice in one week during a convention, the second time was greated with a welcome back, nice ot have you again.  The service was perfect, not in my face but not ignored and my water glass was never more than 1/2 empty.  As a grey haired woman of a certain age, I am honestly not used to be treated with such respect and courtesy.  And, of course, the food was great, especially the smoked beef tartare, which was outstanding.  I was also impressed with the wine recommendations.   I must compliment Mr. Teresi for his oustanding staff
The highlight of my recent trip to Las Vegas.  As a foodie and former restauranteur, my partner and myself had dinner here on 12/16/2013.  With high expectations and recommendations from friends that had visited previously we were still blown away by the menu offerings and decor. . The steak offerings were brought to the table and thoughtfully explained as to the grade and cuts of each steak.  . I ordered a Filet Mignon and asked for it to be prepared with extra peppercorns prior to cooking and how I preferred my filet to be cooked just over medium, but not medium well.  IT ARRIVED PERFECT.  I couldn't have cooked it better myself.  My partner had the Sea Bass and enjoyed every bite.. My main reason for writing this review is to compliment the waiter(s)  DONNIE & CARLOS.  For a busy restaurant, these gentlemen had PERFECT timing, worked to satisfy our requests and gave THE BEST SERVICE I have EVER received in any restaurant in recent memory.  If I could I would have taken Donnie to-go!  . Gordon Ramsey was in-house this evening when we arrived but departed soon after.  We missed being introduced to him, but was glad to hear that he does stop in the restaurant often.  Unlike some celebrity restaurants we have gone to and found that namesakes rarely visit their own establishments (E.L) due to too much TV appearances and spreading themselves as thin as icing on a petite-four.. I will definitely make it back to Paris Hotel/Casino and hope Donnie is working on our next visit.  Request his station when you make a must-have reservation.  We booked ours through  the concierge at he Wynn upon arriving in LV and they were able to get us a suitable time.. Albeit a bit pricey, we were graced by lady luck and put $4 in a slot machine and hit for $300 on the second spin just before walking in the restaurant. So our dinner was a bargain! . Once again. Thank you Gordon for paying attention to your venues and Thank you Donnie for providing OUTSTANDING & PROFESSIONAL service unparalleled in today's service industry. You deserve more praise than any tip we could provide. You made this our most memorable meal of the decade.. Best wishes for a prosperous New Year. And look for us to return soon.. Scott and Chris.
A birthday dinner with 11 people (that I like) at a steakhouse by Gordon Ramsay!?! Yes PLEASE! Considering I was lucky enough to try both Pub & Grill and Burgr, Chef Ramsay has set quite the expectation and fulfilled it accordingly. Steak averages around 100 per person so my birthday was the perfect occasion to finally check it out. . You enter through a tunnel, and the hostess explains you are now entering the tunnel which takes you from Las Vegas to London. Once you step inside the restaurant you can understand the transformation as it no longer looks or smells like you are in a Las Vegas casino. . You are drawn to the beautiful red artwork in the center ceiling of the room. They then explain that is a replica of Chef Ramsay's hand movements while he is making his classic Beef Wellington. For the record, I am pretty much in AWWW at this point. Mouth dropped and all!. We are the escorted upstairs to a private dining room. Awesome, quiet, and romantic. But I kind of actually enjoy looking at the open kitchen, and the cool red hanging hand art. . Overall, we were there between 2 and 3 hours. It was quite the dinner extravaganza. From the cheeseburger olive in my martini. To the display of steak cuts brought to your table. To the bread basket and it being some of the best bread ever. Truly, start to finish I was impressed. . I personally had the 24oz bone in ribeye. I tried Shawn H.'s foie gras (something I previously hated yet enjoyed here) Shared some truffled fingerling potatoes, asparagus, mac and cheese, carrots with chicken skins, and the best beat salad I have ever had. . I could go on and on about all the food but until you experience yourself, there are no words. Worth the price, worth waiting for. Just do it. You will thank me.
Service - impeccable. Food - excellent. Mark had the Wellington which was done to perfection. Root vegetables were perfect. Sauteed spinach was to die for. I had the Seared Ahi which was outstanding. . . We are big fans of the show and hoped it would live up to the hype. It did, and we will be back.
I would say this was by far the best meal I have ever had. There was not one thing that I could complain about. I had the Wellington and it was perfect.  Hands down a perfect dinner.
This is waay after the fact, but AMAZING food! Go for the seafood tower app. =D
This place was fantastic ! As a Hell's Kitchen fan I was very excited to be there. And even more excited when I was able to order from the HK tasting menu. The scallop risotto was perfect and I don't usually even like scallops. The quail egg was excellent and again I'm not usually a huge fan of eggs in general. Finally the famous beef Wellington. It was every bit as tasty as I thought it would be and then some. Desert was the sticky toffee pudding, a sweet date pudding cake, with Brown butter ice cream. It was delicious and though the butter ice cream is super rich it was a nice balance.. . The antioxidant drinks were amazing too!
