I am a fan of Cirque du Soleil (except the Criss Angel show, blech!)....Ka is  one of the reasons why I'm a fan.  Here's why:. . - The music is phenomenal.  Like most Cirque shows, the music just blows you away....and it works so well with the performance.. . - Great acrobatics & physical feats.  Again, Cirque doesn't disappoint.. . - Awesome sets.  I don't want to give away too much, but there's a scene where the stage lifts up and goes vertical from a horizontal position....absolutely crazy....and the performers on the stage?  All I can say is WOW!. . Some tips..... . - Make sure you look all around you....to the left, right, and above you....there's a lot going on and you don't want to miss it.. . - Use the bathroom before the show starts.  Again, you don't want to miss a minute of the action.. . - Bring a coat or sweater.  It can get a little cold in the theater.. . Overall, great show.  One of my fav's in town, in my Top 10.. . Will I return?  I plan on it.
WOW!  I've seen all the Cirque's in Vegas, but I've seen Ka twice!. . There really isnt a bad seat in the house.  But I would definitely suggest sitting up higher... there is an expensive row (gucci row) and they're not the best seats in the house, i can promise you that.. . The main character of this show is the stage.  Its really involved in each scene changing and conforming like you've never seen.  I highly highly recommend this show, especially if you like martial arts, there's a lot of fighting.
I had never seen a Cirque Du Soleil show before and was told to see one... any of them if I'm going to Vegas.  So, I took the advice and booked KA tickets.  This show is AMAZING!!! I'm now concerned that because my expectations of Cirque Du Soleil are sooooo high that any other show I see of theres I may be let down.  The only complain I have is that the show started about 15 minutes late, and there were just a few scenes that were on the slower end of the scale. Probably letting the performers catch their breathe.  I'm sure that's typical.  But, I HATE when shows are late.  I can't wait for friends and family of mine to see this show so we can talk about all the awesome effects!!!  AMAZING!
When I watch movies I always think about how cool it would be to sit on-set while it was being filmed. Cirque du Soleil delivers that very feeling with KA. . . As they say, you can see and experience it but you won't believe it. . This gravity-defying production takes adventure to an all new level.. . From the warriors running and jumping from the walls around you to the rotating stage that brings you from location to location in an instant, you are left in awe.. . - Entertaining Storyline. - Interesting Set Around Audience. - Rotating Stage. - Breathtaking Acrobatics. - Worth Every Dollar. . My wife and I scored some amazing front-row seats on the cheap and we are Cirque du Soleil geeks, so we were excited from the start. Depending on the show, sitting in the front at a Cirque can be a bad idea, but not with KA.. . I was looking around, wondering what the pre-show gag was going to be as there is always some level of crowd interaction. At first I thought all we were going to get was a character waling around and warriors on the wall. They ended up doing a bit where they confiscated a camera from the crowd and tossed it over the edge. It was plausible until the end when they guy dove over the edge after his camera.. . The overall storyline is so over-the-top adventurous you can't help but to wonder what they will do next. The show takes you on a journey of love and conflict, set within a dynamic stage.. . If you have any doubts on how good it will be, just watch the teaser trailer. . . While I had many favorite parts, I really enjoyed when the characters washed up on the beach, when they climbed up the stage to evade enemies and the rotating cages.. . . When the characters wash-up on the shore after their boat sank they encounter fun creatures like sea turtles and crabs. The most memorable part for me however, is when the sand dumps off-stage and the characters struggle to stop from falling.. . During the climb, the characters are being chased by archers and and warriors in choreographed movements up a wall. The stage is constantly rotating and lifting while people fall off-stage. There are arrows being shot at them and then used for footholds. Amazing.. . Near the end there is a rotating slave cage scene where you witness many gravity-defying feats. As the program explains it "The two artists balance and control the spinning of the apparatus from their opposing cages attached to the center axle. As one runs and jumps on the outside of one cage the other controls the speed by walking or running inside the other cage." This took a lot of skill and the artists didn't trip-up once. Seamless.
Best Cirque show in Vegas hands down!  Forget O and the rest of the other shows because this show blows them all away.  Why is this show better than other Cirque shows?  Because there's an actual storyline!  Oh the awesome moving stage also added a lot to the production :).
I'm nottrying to over hype the show or give away anything so that you can go witness and decide on it yourself.. . Tickets were for a Saturday night and they only ran us about $60 something each. Don't ask me how we got it for that price but I was blessed enough to be taken to this show. Of course I had to put out at the end of the night (it's worth the pay off).. . I don't think there are any bad seats in the house. We were in section 201, DD and it was fine. The stage and action is big enough for you to see even in the back row. You'll be quite impressed with the rotating, shifting, vertical rising stage deck. Sitting way in the front might give you a cramp in your neck because you'll be continuously looking upwards.. . There's a simple story line to follow and not just a bunch of random monkey acts put together. The show runs under two hours and there wasn't an intermission in between. . . I'd recommend Ka to anyone who's into these shows.
The BF took me here for Valentine's Day...and he done good! This show was awesome! I've seen other Cirque shows and this is my second fave(L.O.V.E. being the first) We got there a little before 9:30 and had to pick up our tickets at the will-call. Luckily, that didn't take too long. The ushers there are very nice and eager to help you find your seat. We were in section 202 row JJ. We had a good view of the stage and everything else going on. With any Cirque show I would recommend sitting a little further from the stage with everything that goes on. It's nice that each seat has built-in speakers. I didn't quite understand the storyline but still loved the show. The music is really good and there is alot of action through-out the entire show.
This was the very first Cirque du Soleil show me and the wife saw.  VERY IMPRESSED with the show. It left us wanting to see more Cirque du Soleil shows.
We have seen a Cirque show our last three trips and this was my favorite yet.  There is a mountain climbing scene that was jaw dropping.  The story was a little hard to follow at times, but that's not really the point I guess.. We sat pretty far up and a lot of stuff happened behind us.  The cheaper seats in the back would have been better but besides that I loved every minute.
Stunning. . In the beginning the empress asks someone in the front row for his camera. He hands it over, and the empress tosses it into a fire. Then, she asked for something else, and threw the tourist into the flame. AHAHAHAHAHAHAH!. The performance looked like it took 5 years and $220 million to produce, with all it's amazing effects.
Wow.  I am still thinking wow and it's been over a week since I've seen the show.  It was my very first Vegas show so I didn't know what to expect but it was great!  The theater was a good size and we had great seats.  We could feel the heat of the fire from the stage!  The story line was good. The actors/actress amazing and talented.  Very good show.  Can't wait to see more shows on my next trips.
AMAZING SHOW!!! Huge stage, a ton of action all over the place. Had great seats through my VIP host, but looked like every seat is a great 1. Tickets are a little much, but 1 1/2 to 2 hours of a show is very much worth it.
This show is incredible. I will never forget the images in the show, because they are some of the most beautiful and impressive I have ever seen in a live performance. SO worth seeing if you are in Vegas, these athletes/performers are incredible and make everything they do look effortless. It makes for a great evening, combine dinner and some time at the craps table and you have yourself a perfect Vegas date!
This and "O" are the best I've seen.  It hard to compare the two but I remember after seeing both how much I loved them.  Just a great show with great acting and acrobatics.
The best show on the Strip hands down!  It blows away all other Cirque shows including 'O'.  I have seen it multiple times and would still pay to see it again.  This is the only show I can recommend to friends visiting town and be positive that they will leave pleased and impressed with such a memorable experience.  . . The multimillion dollar spinning/flying/transforming stage is a technological wonder in itself.  Incredible choreography and athleticism displayed by the performers.  I'm baffled as to how they aren't injured or killed on a nightly basis...no live lions in the show helps I guess?  . . If you're going to shell out the big bucks to see a Vegas show, this is one that is worth every penny!. . *Insider tip*. . See if they have any specials running for local residents (if you are or know a Vegas local that is.)  Sometimes they offer up to 50% off tickets with local Nevada ID.
It's very rare at any point in your life where you are sitting there and think to yourself, wow, I've never seen anything that spectacular in my life.  Ka is the place where that will happen.  Thankfully, it includes a coherent, albeit- simple, plot.  The entire show from the live arrows flying all around the audience, the stage morphing into a different venue, the beautiful shadow puppet intermission, it was simply amazing.  Take any show you have seen in a disney themepark and multiply it by 100.  The show is worth every penny and they are constantly updating it.  Get in there before they get rid of the show.  it was blow your mind.,
Hands down BEST SHOW I HAVE EVER SEEN...
The best Cirque show I have seen so far. The actors are amazing!
The best show you'll ever go to in Vegas.  I've been to both O and Mystere Cirque shows and this is by far the newest and most captivating.  Lots of wire jumping and feats of one-handed strength that will amaze every minute.. . The Wheel of Death was the best portion of the show and as much as you may think you've seen it on a youtube video, it's a much different experience when you see these people do the things they do right before your eyes.. . I will say that the ending could have been more climatic but overall you'll walk away talking about everything you saw for weeks, remembering the key points for a lifetime.
From the specially built theater to the revolving stage the size of an aircraft carrier, this magnificent spectacle is my favorite Cirque ever.  A mythological world and culture has been created and populated by the creators of Cirque for this show.  From the tattoo suited macrame creatures who greet you and flit about the theater while the lights go down to the specially adapted speakers in every seat, this production is a masterpiece of engineering and design.. This show is a blend of circus, broadway show, and opera with all the fantasy of a children's book.  The inhabitants of a couple of strange lands perform their acts to haunting tunes that gain strength throughout the show.  The combination of lyric meloday and the athletic prowess of the acts is hypnotic.  This may be a more subtle Cirque...it reminded me of operatic productions when I first saw it, but it ends with an big bang production-circus number that is astonishing.. I have seen this Cirque five times, and dragged all my pals along, with everything from TixTonite tickets, to casino package specials from MGM.. It is a breathtaking tour de force of both visually and acrobatically, and remains my favorite Cirque ever.
We went into this kind of jaded, since we got the tickets free with our package and we have a friend who is anti-Cirque de Soleil.  However, we were seriously wowed by this show.  I have trouble sitting still, but the 1 1/2 hour show just flew by.  I mean, I don't know what else to say, but wow.  There was a little bit of a plot, but even more interesting was all the crazy stuff they did.  It wasn't the "typical" crazy Cirque de Soleil crazy twisty type stuff, it is hard to put it into words.  I guess the best way to put it is we would have definitely paid full price for the tickets.  We just had an awesome time.
==KA==. This is one of the greatest shows I've seen performed by Cirque Du Soleil. The stadium seating area is huge! And it comes alive all around you as you're waiting for the show to start. They make use of the aisles and everything so be prepared for a good showing. I won't spoil much because you need to see it for yourself. But in this show, they are always moving around this huge rotating, moving platform and makes it purely intense. And the beer is pretty pricey by they give you a HUGE KA plastic cup you can keep :) . . We were seated somewhere in the middle almost behind a little raised wall platform where performers also walked along this. The view was great and so was the show!!
Loved this show- the performers, the music & the stage...yes the stage- it was amazing as it was as much of the show as was everything else.  Loved this show!!!  Be warned that if you get the seats in the very front you will be looking up most of the show...sit a little further back for the "best" seats!
Received two complimentary tickets through a Southwest promotion. I'm so glad I chose Ka as the many choices we had to choose from! I would describe it as creative, action packed, and mind boggling. It is amazing what they can do with a floating stage. Seriously, this was my first show I've seen in Vegas and Ka set a high standard. The show consisted of flying aparatuses, martial arts, amazing baton throwing skills, unbelievabl acrobatics, and this stage that was used in every way possible. Just amazing creativity! We were definitely entertained the entire one and half hours! The performers are super talented and brave. My bf was very impressed as well, definitely an either sex satisfaction. The Ka theatre at MGM Grand is spectacular as well...right when you walk in you're in awe. I would watch it again and pay a normal ticket price, whatever it is. My favorite part was the drowning scene, it looked so real.
AMAZING!!! I  didn't even know the human body could do the things that these people did. It is expensive but worth it. I was entertained from start to finish and there didn't seem to be a bad seat in the house. . The story line was fun and engaging and it was over the top without being too weird. So much fun and so worth seeing.
I saw this show almost two years ago. It was a definite must see on my Cirque Du Soleil list. Honestly, I wanted to see this show more after I saw it featured on an episode of CSI (hehe). . . This is a different format from your typical Cirque Du Soleil show. Many of their shows feature dreamlike and abstract story lines. This show was more like an action movie!. . One of the coolest scenes is when there is a fight scene choreographed on a perpendicular stage. It's amazing how visual these shows are. You're always surprised. If you pay attention to the "sand" they have, it's actually made of cut up corks!. . Tickets for this show are reasonable compared to other shows like "O". You can find discounts online, so if you want to check out a show but are on a budget, check Ka out!
first time ever trying to see a show in Vegas, so heard good things about this show and got a 50% off the regular ticket price deal from the hotel promo.  We sat at BB in section 202 for $88 + tax + fee per person.  These are good seats because you are at the center of the entire theatre, so it is not too close that you can't see the entire stage, and it is not too far that you can't see some details.  . . The show was just amazing!  EAch scene was breathtaking, and the usage of the stage and special effects was just incredible.  This is the 1st cirque du Soleil show we have ever seen and we chose it over O because we like martial arts and more story telling.    It's a show that you must watch!!
a great show to go to in Vegas.
Ok so here is another from my list of top 5 shows in Vegas!. . KA, is bleeping fantastic. Is more than a show is more like an experience of a lifetime! No show has the rotating stage in which performers utilize in such a skilled and clever way. I have seen this show twice in the last few years. Both times unforgettable. . . This is a show worth the money spent.. . Perfect show for the family as well!. . The venue is set up nice, roomy theatre style seats in which you have space, not dry humping legs with the person sitting next to you. Not really any bad seats in this venue. Not only stage presentation but also arial acts as well, sitting in the front rows is NOT neccessary for this show. I could feel the fire and ice from the stage 10 rows away which was perfect seating in my opinion.. . Have seen twice so far and will go every opportunity I get!
I watched Le Reve, Beatles LOVE and KA. Enjoyed KA the most out of all three. The stage and special effects were mind-blowing. I would love to watch this show again.
Ka starts off slow, but then blows you away . This is the show that Spiderman on Broadway can only dream to be. It is a very different type of cirque du soleil. It is a special effects blockbuster with a bunch of Wow moments.
amazing. truly. to thnk that people's bodies are capable of such things and that others can come up with the technical specs for this kind of production astounds me. I have no been disappointed with Cirque yet. Yes it can be pricey but once you see it, youll understand EXACTLY why these tickets arent cheap. its worth it. see it.. . oh and do NOT take pictures whie the show is going on. not only is it annoying to see but its also dangerous. we saw them take 4 peoples cameras due to grown adults not being abe to follow a simple rule ofNOT taking a picture....
Holy Crap!!!! Mind Blowing.  . . From the minute you walk in this place and feast your eyes on the larger than life stage/arena you are in complete amazement.  The strange actors are already in full show mode when you are trying to find your seat...they are talking in some great made-up languages/grunts, swinging from the rafters, and just creating an ambiance like no other.  . . My date/cousin cancelled on me last minute so I ended up seeing this show alone and enjoyed it just the same.  I had no clue I would be walking into such a spectacle. . . I'm not going to ruin the show...I'm just going to say that I felt like I was in a dream or a Final Fantasy Video Game.  There isn't a word of English in the show but its not even needed...it puts you in a whole other world when you can make up your own story for what they are saying.  The stage alone is worth the price of admission! wow!  . . I can't wait to see the other Cirque shows now!!
KA is absolutely amazing! The story is captivating, and the dancing, fighting, and acrobatics gave me chills throughout the show. We sat in the "C" section and were impressed with the view; you don't need front row tickets to enjoy it. . . KA uses state of the art technology to make the stage come alive. I have never seen a set more versatile and fully integrated. One minute you're on a boat, the next you're in the ocean, the next, you're looking at a cliff, and the next, you're in the forest.. . There is beautiful dancing choreography, risky acrobatic maneuvers, martial arts, and awesome special effects. The show is funny, thoughtful, and full of action. It's not just an ornate, abstract ensemble that leaves you confused at the end. It is definitely worth the money!
HOLY CRAP! Seriously the BEST show I've EVER seen in my life. . The costumes, the music, the choreography, the stage sets, the atmosphere, EVERYTHING was PHENOMINAL! You could literally sit in any section of the theatre and would have a great view. The only thing that bummed me out was the drinks..$15 for a slushy "margarita" that didn't have ANY alcohol in it, but I can't really deduct any stars since it had nothing to do with the KA show...AMAZING PERFORMERS!
I've seen a few Cirque du Soleil shows, and KA is by far the best one.  It is AMAZING!   Never a dull moment, very exciting, action packed.  The stage is incredible.  It is a MUST SEE!
Fan-freakin'-tastic. This is one of the few shows in my life I would go see again and again and again. I also think this is the best Cirque show to take a "manly man" to see, as he will enjoy the martial arts elements, the stage, and the fact that there is an actual storyline.. . There truly is not a bad seat in the house. I actually wish I had gotten WORSE seats so that I could have taken in everything from a distance.. . I can't recommend this show enough!
For living in Las Vegas, I have not seen that many shows. When Cirque does their two for one locals deal, I am always on the search for KA tickets. I work in an industry that sees quite a few tourist come and when they ask for a must see show, KA is always the immediate response because it is superb in every sense. The stage, costumes, music, acting, and stunts always leaves me in awe. The rich Asian theme, elaborate costumes, and use of the elements (heavy on the fire) made for an entertaining show.
This show is a memorable event, truly amazing.  . . Ka is my first Cirque experience, and I am afraid it's spoiled me.. . Located at the MGM in Las Vegas, this event is permanently housed here because of its ornate set design and mechanics.  Tickets can be reasonably found, and it's a sight to behold.. . The story follows a prince and princess running from an evil character looking to capture them.  Acrobatics, martial arts, and aerial feats are all incorporated.  The action runs across the stage, and above the stage.  They make use of mobile platforms to create illusions that are really a wonder to see.. . With all the great things to do in vegas, I could see myself attending again, and still walking away feeling like it was a great use of my time.. . Go, watch, listen, and enjoy.
Mind Blowing! !!!!!!!!      My spouse, 18 yr. old son (who is a "pill", not easily impressed), and I saw Ka and it blew our minds!   ...................WOW........  Phenomenal.............. Freaking Fantastic..........OMG ! !. . This is the 7th Cirque show we have seen ( Kooza, Mystere, "O", Saltimbanco, etc.)--- This one is our FAVORITE of all we've seen-   this is the BEST EVER!  . . Gorgeous sets, costumes, choreography...  Excellent, haunting MUSIC.. . The "stage" is a platform that rotates, and changes from vertical to horizontal.  Amazing.  It starts out as a boat, then becomes the ocean, ice, a battlground, a beach, etc.  . . Costumes:  Loved them all.... the crab, millipede and star fish were great.. . Two of the acrobatic acts were in former Cirq. shows-- the two guys in the twin spinning round "ferris wheel" type things... and the acrobat who hangs on two long cloth cords and swoops and somersaults (what a great body!!!).   Was happy as heck to see them again-- they are both excellent acts.  Very talented.. . Loved them.  Loved it all.  Worth every penny....... When it ended after 1 hour and 45 minutes, I was so hoping that it was just an intermission.  The time went by soooo quickly.  When it ended I thought it had onlyi been about 30 minutes or so.  Beautiful. Haunting.  Creative.  Excellent.  Go see it.
Nothing I can add that hasn't already been said in the many reviews left previously, but wanted to share my 5 stars. KA was an amazing, immersing show. I believe this is the only Cirque show in Vegas with a distinct story line. . . We got a discount on the tickets since we were staying at the MGM. . . I loved it so much I bought a shirt at the gift shop :)
So far, I've seen the Mystere, Zumanity and KA Cirque shows in Las Vegas.  KA was definitely the best one of the three!. . The acrobatics were amazing! . . The scenery and stage effects were brilliant! . . While the other shows I have seen did not have a story line, this show does and it envelops you as the story unfolds. . . Put this show on your Must-Do Vegas list.
Ah, KA, one of my first Cirque shows to see in Vegas and I can't believe I haven't reviewed it.  . . This was the way Cirque shows were meant to be seen at a permanent location in Vegas.  Don't get me wrong the traveling shows that come up to the Portland area are very good as well it's just the seating, etc., that sometimes is less than desirable.. . That said this show was both entertaining and as well as awe inspiring.  I only wish I could do a small measure of what these talent performers pull off at least ten times a week.. . This is a not to miss performance when you are in the Vegas area.  I'd like to see it again.
My very first Cirque du Soleil experience!. . Saw this show in 2006 and was very impressed!  Too bad this was the same night we got in from the first half of my vacation at Disneyland and kept falling in and out of sleep.  Not because it was boring, but I was just soo tired!. . What I did see, I enjoyed: people falling from the ceiling in the lobby area as you walk in (on bungee cords of course), the theater itself - massive and beautiful!  And all of the props, costumes, acrobatics! Craziness!  And I loved every bit of it (in between my little cat naps)!. . Ever since then, I've been hooked - I saw La Nouba while in Disney World and Alegria here at home - all great shows and experiences!  Can't wait to see more shows!
If you're a fan of the Cirque genre, you'll love KA. And if you're a techie geek, you'll think you've died and gone to heaven. This show is a technological tour de force. The star of the show IMHO is the remarkable stages that have en eerie, organic quality. You have to keep reminding yourself that you're not watching an overwraught Michael Bay sci-fi movie with too many CGI effects. You're watching real things and real people moving in beautiful, artistic, and often quite daring ways. The story is not too clear, but the intention is, and we left feeling completely satisfied, and totally impressed. Definitely recommend it!
What can I say about this show that hasn't already been said? This was my second Cirque show (the first being Mystere) and it did not disappoint. The set and acrobatics were amazing! Ladies- Keep on the look out for sparkly Tarzan ;)
Watched the show on a Saturday evening, April 16, 2011.. . This was the first show I've ever watched in Vegas, as well as my first Cirque du Soleil show... and I do believe it set the bar too high!. . I was mesmerized... at least while I was awake.  Sadly, I had worked the night before, and was going on my 23rd waking hour -- my eyes simply closed on its own.  I think I had to have nodded off 4 times toward the end.  But this only means I can enjoy the show a second time someday, as if I was watching it for the first time!. . *Nerd alert* If you're a fan of RPGs, I swear these French guys got a lot of inspiration from Final Fantasy X.  Think: lost at sea and washing ashore, to find yourself on an island with weird monsters with cutesy music int he background.. . The show has a lot of "martial arts" influence, but those who do study it may be displeased to see how "weak" the fight scenes are.  This is no Jet Li movie.  If you can appreciate that they draw inspiration from martial arts to include it in their dance, then you may be less disappointed.. . Oh, and if you're not in Vegas often, and don't see shows often... you might as well splurge for good seats!  You're probably never gonna see it again, so you might as well enjoy it with the best view you can afford!
I have yet to watch a show in vegas I don't like. Make it Cirque Du Soleil and i'm there. Many have said Ka is better than O, but thats just apples and oranges: which one you like is all about preference. O had a bit more of an ethereal vibe to the production minus a tangible storyline. Ka on the other hand, was very simple to understand since it centered on the 2 main characters. Even without dialogue one knew what was going on. . . Notables. - well made set designs, extremely breathtaking. Built in such a way that every inch of the theater was utilized to its maximum potential. LITERALLY!! Sound effects as well as music would blast from the speakers embedded in our seats. The projection of bubbles on the see through screen which gave the illusion that the actors were swimming in water: Amazing! I actually thought it was a pre-recorded video until everyone told me otherwise. The Manmade bird that flew right above the audiences, letting us have a glimpse of the humans actually controlling it was great but the most amazing would be the moving platform on stage. Leaving the theater, I wondered how deep down the stage floor actually went. . - acrobatics. The fact that my heart jumps into my throat every time is just one of the things I love so much about Cirque du Soleil. When the girl twin danced in the sky with the sparkly half naked dude was my favorite part of the show. Seriously.. he was twice her size yet she flung him around like a feather!!. . The only thing that I had a problem with was the final battle scene on the completely vertical platform (Im assuming they believed it to look cooler than it really turned out to be) and the overly sappy storyline. Overall, great show!!!
From the moment you walk into the theatre, you are engulfed in the environment of the show.  Not really a bad seat in the house!  There are speakers located in each of the comfy seats so you really feel involved in the show the entire time.. . One of the employees gave us some interesting facts about the show and took time out to show us around!!  Thanks for the hospitality.. . Great locals discount also.  Like that Cirque show alot!!
I picked the right show to pop my Cirque du Soleil cherry.  Tickets set me back $140 a piece, but it was well worth the price tag.  One thing to note is that this isn't your typical Cirque du Soleil show, but that doesn't mean its bad.  This show isn't focused primarily on humor or acrobatics as you normally expect from Cirque du Soleil.  Instead this show focused more on martial arts and visuals with a touch of acrobatics here and there.  . . The theater itself is gorgeous.  There are balconies off to each side of the theater for the performers to utilize.  The stage itself is amazing.  It raises, rotates, and does all kinds of crazy things that really allows for flexibility in the show.  Rather than just having a horizontal platform for a performance they are able to use it vertically to simulate things such as the ocean or the side of a mountain.. . I did feel that some portions of the show were a bit slow.  However the action portions more than made up for it.
Love this show!. . I've seen Ka on several occasions and never get tired of it. The story is very dynamic and the performers are amazing. The incorporation of martial arts and gymnastics into the show is very entertaining and I think this aspect definitely makes it more enticing for men to enjoy as well. . . The staging is beyond amazing. It has to be the best staging I have ever seen in a live show. The special effects enhance the performance and work very well with the choreography creating a much more dynamic and dramatic live show. . . I highly recommend this show, it's one of my favorite Cirque shows!
I LOVED this show!!. . This was the 2nd Cirque du Soleil show I've seen (the first was Ovo). The storyline was great, the special effects were wonderful, as were the performers. It was amazing from start to finish. I enjoyed the theater as well - it was one of those Cirque shows that took place in the aisles, on the sides of the theater, above your head as well as on the stage in front. . . I thought this was a very entertaining show, and it was the highlight of our trip to Vegas. I saw Mystere the same night, and in my opinion, though Mystere was nice, it wasn't in the same "league" as Ka.
This was my first Las Vegas show and I loved it. Our tickets were complementary when we booked out hotel and I was thinking they would be ehh seats but I was wrong, the seats were great. The show was at the MGM Grand just across the way from our hotel, very easy access. . The theater seemed packed and once the show began I forgot I was surrounded by hundreds of other people. The show sucked me in, not only the amazing circus acts and skill but the story that was apparent throughout. The hour and a half that it lasted breezed by far too quickly. . I would suggest this show to anyone especially a first timer in Vegas. Although I am sure any show you see in Vegas will blow you away.
Unsure at first, but definitely worth the money and amazing show!  A mix between The Matrix and Avatar with a lot of ninja type stunts.  Great for all ages and all people.  . . Get there early, drink lines are long!!!
One of the better Cirque du Solei's.     The technology distracts from the story at times.
This was my second time seeing KA. And I'm happy to say, the second time around was just as good as the first. . . We got tickets for about $60ish/seat. Really, there is no need to pay $100+ to sit up close. Every seat in the house has a fantastic view of the stage. Not to mention, when you do sit in the front rows, you would have to crank your head 90 degrees to the right and left to take in what's happening since the performance is not restricted to the stage only.. . Speaking of stage, the stage for this performance is amazing. It's awesome seeing something so gigantic being moved in all sorts of positions.. . This show is great for everyone. There are parts of the show where it is quite entertaining for children. The fighting scenes are captivating. One thing I really like about this performance is that you dont have to know English (or any other language for that matter) to be able to comprehend the plot.. . The presentation of KA differs greatly from O and Mystere. If you haven't seen this show, go and see it! :D. . ps. Instead of waiting in the long drink line, you can bring drinks from outside. It'll save you time and a couple of cents =)
Just amazing! never thought something like this can be done live on stage. For me & my wife KA was our very first show of Vegas. We saw zumanity & lion king afterwards during our stay. But still KA was different experience on good side. Our seats in section 201/FF/23 & 24, good view of stage from here.
WOWZERS!!!!! . . This is one of the many words that came from my mouth when I saw this show along with Omg, that's amazing, and again WOOOW! . . I LOVE LOVE LOVE this show! . . I have seen ALL of the Las Vegas Cirque shows and KA is by far my favorite of all time!!! . . Action packed, breathless stunts, The props were amazing, I felt like I was watching a video game when looking at some of the scenes and characters movements! . . The costumes were so unique and detailed, the choreography was amazing, I mean the show was like being in a dream! The moving and rotating stage is one of a kind. . . Great show for the whole family! . . If you want to see a Cirque show and can't decide which one you want to see I advise you to see KA I promise you will not leave disappointed! . . A must see! I see a lot of well deserving 5 star reviews as it should be for this exceptional show! Anyone that gives this show less than needs to have their head examined in MY opinion!
Wonderful set, the performers are amazing, music is great. A visual feast!! One of my favorite shows in Vegas.
This was my 2nd Cirque de Soleil Show. The first was under HUGE Tents in Dallas in the early 2000's. KA is such a cool show! I am Constantly Amazed and Awed at the Talent, the Music, the Beautifully Detailed & Bright Costumes, the Make Up, the Choreography, the Story, the Stage.....I LOVE it ALL! There's Sooo much to takeIn!......Brain Overlaod !. . Really, any seat is good... the Revolving Stage & the Air Acrobatics covers all seats. We sat in the middle section..... middle way up.....it was great! I Love Vegas! This Cirque du Soleil-KA Show was the perfect show for our whole family! I'm looking forward to my next Cirque du Soleil Show in Dallas!
My other cirq favorite for sure. Amazing stage and visuals. Martial arts influenced.
We LOVED KA!  This was my second CDS show.  We'd seen O a few weeks earlier and I was rather underwhelmed.  This one rocked!  I was enthralled even from the beginning (before the show started) with all the people flying around and climbing the walls.  It does have a storyline which some people find SUPER hard to understand.  I didn't fully understand every intricacy of the story, but I got the gist and it really didn't affect my experience either way.  We saw Mysterea few weeks later and loved it too!  Definitely go see one or both of these shows!
This was an amazing show. I had heard a lot about the shows and how cool they were, but I had no idea. It is impossible to explain how amazing it is unless you have seen it. If you are considering seeing a show while in Vegas I would say go for it 100% it is more than worth it. There is a pre-show and the ticket takers and people who help you find your seats and everything are in character. Besides the show being great the atmosphere was so fun and the theater itself was incredible. GO to a show!!!!! I can't wait to go to another one.
Ka's world gradually sneaks into you. The changes from the flashy lights of Las Vegas into Ka's village are a smooth and subtle transition. It isn't until you hear the gaudy jangling of the slot machines when you exit to the casino when you realize that you had been elsewhere, immersed in an amazing journey.  Ka is a Cirque du Soleil production, and the name carries much prestige.  The reputation it carries is very heavy, but sometimes it can carry negative preconceptions. One normally does not associate a full, linear storyline with Cirque du Soleil, and instead thinks of abstract themes and traditional circus acts packaged in an eye-catching theatrical production.  However, Ka has a concrete and linear storyline, which although simple, is timeless, and appealing to its large, multinational audience. .  The story revolves around Imperial twins, who are separated when a rival empire conducts a surprise attack on their peaceful kingdom. The twins then embark on a journey fraught with danger, sorrow, and amazement to find each other. The storyline is admittedly simple, but the simplicity allows the show to be understood by everyone. Without any recognizable spoken language (Ka speaks in gibberish, in true Cirque fashion), you are free to absorb in the other ways we communicate: the tone, the music, and the facial expressions. The need to understand the spoken word disappears, and you are left with the raw emotions of the performers, conveyed by the facial expressions, the body language, and accented by the music and the pure vocal sounds..  As you look deeper into Ka, you are forced to rethink what you are seeing and hearing and redefine it. The stage, for example, at first looks like the traditional stage where all the audience faces. However, as the show goes on, it is clear that we must redefine the stage. The theatre is massive, seating over 1,900 people, but you can see that there are walkways and ladders and platforms surrounding the audience, with half-naked, heavily tattooed warriors jumping down at you as you enter the theatre. Is that the stage? And even before you enter the theatre, while waiting outside, the "Gatekeepers" or villagers of Ka come out to tease and play with you, showing you a taste of what is to come. Would that be the stage as well? This is something I wondered while a Gatekeeper came up to me, gingerly poked me, and came away with a glowing, red hot finger.  But what really made me wonder was the stage itself, as it transformed into platforms lifting itself up off the stage into the air to become a cliff side, a sand-covered beach, lush grass, a vertical wall being peppered with arrows, even water! Or when flying machines soar over the audience. What is the stage? I couldn't even ask myself that question without marveling at the technology even required to transform the stage into so many different things.  .  Because there are no words spoken throughout Ka, music, body language, and facial expressions convey the performer's feelings. It is very interesting to note that many of the performers do not come from an acting background, as they were originally chosen because of their acrobatic, martial arts, or perhaps clown skills. Although Cirque du Soleil does require acting for certain roles in certain productions, their main concern when recruiting performers is not acting, but if they can contribute any other skills to a circus troupe. The main characters, the Imperial twins for example, were not chosen because they were good actors but because of their martial art skilss. If their acting was weak, it was very hard to tell, as Ka has a very stylized way of performing that is reminiscent of Kabuki, traditional silent theatre, and Chinese opera. The overall acting was pure and raw, and combined with the powerful music (performed live by musicians in full costume), created an almost overwhelming experience. The sounds feel like they are surrounding and suffocating you with emotions, making you resonate with the characters very being. You didn't feel what the character was feeling. You became the feeling. .  It is very clear that the designers have drawn inspirations from a wide variety of exotic and fantastic sources. Although Ka looks primarily East Asian, you can see that it has been drawn from more than just Kabuki, Chinese operas, and kung-fu movies. You can see elements of Korea, India, Thailand, and the Pacific Islanders, even elements of European fantasies through the costumes, the makeup, and the set. Somehow, everything combines seamlessly to be something unique, yet something familiar, and it retains the fantastic quality of Cirque du Soleil. You are drawn into a world that is pure fantasy, but the foreignness of Ka's world is not overwhelming and strange. It is like being trapped in perhaps a Lord of the Rings film or maybe a fantasy video game like Final Fantasy. The theme good versus evil works wonderfully well with the beast that is Ka.
This is the only show I've seen so far in Las Vegas and I was blown away. I understood the story for the most part but I got lost at times only because I was enthralled by all of the ridiculous acrobatics. . If you're ever in Vegas and you want to see a show this one will leave you speechless.
Ka really is an amazing show. So much goes into the set mechanics that it's simply impressive to see this masterpiece play out. I've heard poor reviews of the show, and I can understand why. If you are coming for a circus-oriented show, then this is not it. What this is, however, is a very Cirque du Soleil interpretation of a theatrical production. Although there aren't many acrobatic acts in the sense of gymnastics, they are still very much geared towards athleticism. The opening pageant alone goes to show the skill that is required to perform in such a production.. . What I really loved about the show was the overall aesthetic of the theatre, costumes, and lighting. I'm fully impressed with the grand entrance when people walk in, it really seems as if you're entering into a foreign world. The eye first is drawn towards the columns and then as you find your seat you notice the fire that seems to erupt from the void where one would expect to see a stage, only it's just a void that is filled with rolling fog effects and intense bursts of flame every so often. . . The attention to detail is really what makes Ka so wonderful. The costumes are magnificently crafted, and I'm partial to the archers and spearmen (super hot!). The stage transitions and lighting effects are both subtle, yet dramatic and truly take the user into a new world. Although I must say this isn't my favorite Cirque production, it is towards the top of the list. If you prefer more acrobatics, then see O and Mystere while in Vegas. If you prefer more theatrics, then Ka is definitely the show for you.
I have been to Vegas hundreds of time for conferences, trade shows, and have never attended any of the shows there. I went with a group from work on a Wednesday night in November, and the show was not sold out,but well attended. . . I must say, Ka exceeded my best expectations. This show was amazing. There were a few times, when I was wishing for more, but if you put together the amazing artistic perspective, the mechanics, and the vertical stage, it was spectacular. I would highly recommend this show to anyone want to see something you will never see outside of Vegas.
WOW! AMAZING! I have never seen anything like this before, the show is a must see while in Vegas! loved every minute!
Gorgeous. Performance art at its very best! This show is entirely unique, unexpected and (somewhat unlike other Cirque du Soleil shows) filled with genuine emotion. I found myself weeping at the conclusion of the show and I am NOT the kind of person who does that! If you have any opportunity to witness this masterpiece... do.
KA was the best show I've seen-- theatrical, acrobatic or otherwise.  I found the story involving and easy to follow, although my girlfriend found herself lost in a few areas.  I think a lot of it has to do with your comfort level of taking something for the artistic value-- or need it to make critical sense.  As it's fantastical in nature, when watched as such it's unbelievably awesome.. . Looking forwards to the next trip to Vegas-- want to go see it again!
I never was a "Cirque du Soleil" kind of person. I watched a few specials on TV and found them boring and just...well.....weird. After seeing KA, I can honestly say that I am a fan. The show was spectacular in every sense of the word. The action is breath-taking. The stunts were impressive beyond my wildest dreams. The story was interesting and holds your attention. There is so much going on that really, it's hard to take it all in and I must have said WOW about a thousand times after the show ended. I truly had a hard time wrapping my brain around what I had just seen. The stage revolves not just around in a circle but actually stands end on end. . . You just need to see it to believe it. And I think if you keep an open mind, you too will be as impressed as I was.
The best Vegas show I have seen ever! I've seen other Cirque du Soleil performances in Vegas and this is the best one on the strip. It's probably the most technologically advanced productions ever. The theatre is amazing and well designed. It's no ordinary theatre it's setup so you'll feel like you're part of the show. You'll totally be emersed in their world and you'll forget you're inside a theatre and watching a show.. . Every seat in the house is a good seat. Don't get suckered into buying the $132 something ticket to sit in the A section and close to the stage. The theatre is more intimate than you think even though it's big. You can spend about $50 and it'll feel the same as if you bought the $132 ticket. Trust me, I've seen this show twice and learned my lesson. You would want to be in the back anyways so you can see everything. It's a lot to take in so the closer you are the more you'll have to move your head to see what's going on.. . What are you waiting for? Go see it and learn the story of KA!
My first Cirque Du Soleil show and it was awesome!  The stage was incredible and the performers were phenomenal!  I couldn't believe the stunts performed, highly recommend this show if it's going to be your first cirque du soleil show!
Amazing show.  One of the best Cirque du Soleil shows I've seen.  This show has more of a plot than other shows, and focuses a little more on the breathtaking stage sets.
I love this production. It has a very compelling story to it too. And the actors/performers where great! I enjoyed everyone minute of it. . . We got the seat right up front near the aisles. We got plenty of extra action. performers would run down and sign and shot arrows. AWESOME!  . . I would definitely come back again with more of my friends and family. They will love it.
I am reviewing all the Cirque Vegas shows, so I will add this paragraph comparing each one. I have seen each one twice, so I feel confident in my ranking. My ranking would be 1) Ka 2) Love 3) O 4) Mystere 5) Zumanity 6)Viva Elvis. Ka is the most technically complete, with a storyline, amazing stunts, creative images, stages rotating on axes, etc.  LOVE is the most fun and a very close second place.  O is the most beautiful. Zumanity is the sexiest, but stunts are just okay. And Viva Elvis could be sooo much better.  You can read my other reviews for more info.... . Onto Ka... my absolute fave. I didn't expect it to be, as it looked too warrior-like and manly for me from the previews. But wow... this show has it all. The storyline is good vs evil, and you don't really need to know or understand more than that.  The swordfights on the vertical wall are incredible. So interesting to watch. And the stages rotate around on axes, so it is so visually magnificent!  Theater is amazing, and I've sat in the back and in the middle, and both seats were great.  Great soundtrack too. Probably one of my favorite shows I've ever seen in my life. Trust me!
LOVE LOVE LOVE KA! =D. . Visually stunning, amazing and wonderful acrobatics, colors, music and costumes. The whole show was really fantastic and it was great that there was a storyline. Although it could be a little difficult to follow at times, the scenes are really amazing. One of the best shows I've seen in Vegas and it definitely competes right up there with Cirque's O. I have seen Love and Le Reve and I don't think they were as technically amazing as KA. The theater itself is impressive enough and the show blew me away.. . A few things to note: . -The show is about an hour 45 minutes (totally passes by so fast!). Don't go on a bathroom break! You'll miss stuff. . -Bring a jacket, because it does get cold in theater.. -Look EVERYWHERE. The sets are designed for all the seats in the theater.. -Look for deals on great seats! When I went I saw a promo code on travelzoo for 30% off orchestra seating. It was a great deal and we had really great seats. I've never paid full price for Cirque tickets because there are usually deals on every one of their shows. . - Check for seating online and by telephone. I also called in and spoke with someone to book my tickets to the show. They gave me better seating then the ones I found online. So it's good to do both to snag better seats!. . KA is soooo good that I would totally watch it again. =)
I was a huge fan in all honesty. I know a lot of people were upset about the story, but from what I hear this Cirque has a plot, and that's not true of all of them. did we sit down and try and figure out the plot later? Sure, but really, if you could follow the colors of the costumes figuring out who was who and what was going on wasn't all that difficult. The only English is with an opening paragraph in the opening sequence that was announced over loud speakers, and the rest was in an Asian language (sorry I don't know which one). It has a little bit of something for everyone. My dad was amazed by the stages (yes, there were several, and they moved, and that's all I'm going to give away). My mom loved the acrobatics. I absolutely adored the music and themes there in. My boyfriend loved the martial arts and liked that there was some sort of story to follow along with. . . Over all, it was a very enjoyable experience. I'd love to see another Cirque in the future. There was so much to see, and so much to look at, the show was beyond lovely. And whatever you do, no flash photography and turn your phone off. If you don't understand why, just wait for the show to start, I'm sure you'll find out.
WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! saw this show on X-mass Eve and all I can say is Amazing!!!!
This was I think my fifth cirque show and totally my favorite. This is the only non-traveling cirque show that I've seen and it is very different than the others. . I won't give anything away, suffice it to say the stage, and the theater are amazing. The costumes are, of course, gorgeous. And the acrobatics are, as always, spectacular. . Get a great deal on the show at one of the half-price, day-of booths you can find on the strip and enjoy yourself.
Fantastic show. Sit in rows 5-8 for best views. Not as much fire as I hoped but still nice. Discounts exist so look for them - especially if you are a student.
My third time seeing KA was on Friday, December 2nd (2011). This time there were four of us and we were seated in Section 103, Row F, Seats 7-10. These seats were pretty close to the stage, so we were able to see the costumes, props, actors, and stage in detail. . . I enjoyed it as much during the third viewing as I had the prior viewings. I don't think I can ever get tired of seeing KA. It was also a pleasure to see my friends so enchanted with the show!. . This time we got discount seats via travelzoo.com, at a cost of $108.00 per ticket, inclusive of all fees (the regular price was $175 per ticket). We had friends that wanted to buy last minute tickets, but when we called the KA box office, we were quoted full price. When we showed up for our 7:30pm show, there were many empty seats. You'd think KA would provide discounts to fill the theater.. . We got drinks from the KA theater bar at $12 each, which were pretty strong and tasty!
The moment I entered the theater I knew I was in for a special treat. The quality of the performance is immediately noticeable. . . I have to say that the technical crew working the stage deserves an award! It must take a lot for them to do what they do to pull off such a stunning array of effects. Performers are as usual awesome (just as good as any other Cirque show).. . It isn't often that I am completely engaged by a language-less (since all I remember were grunts, I doubt that's a modern day tongue) entertainment experience. The crazy thing is I kept hearing that O was an even better show. Certainly, checking that one out when I return to the strip.
It's really amazing, technically it's made perfect, wonderful music. Both me and my wife liked it a much
Best Cirque show in Vegas, hand down.  Everyone says "Oh my goshhh, O is amaziiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinggggggggggg.  Ohhhh my goshhhhhh."  But you know what, I disagree!  Ka is amazing!!!  I mean O is all good, but Ka blows everything out of the water.. . It's like watching a Final Fantasy video game come to life.  Ka is different, it has almost a comprehendable story line, whereas the other shows are a little more abstract.  But the movable stage is mind boggling.
My first (of many) Cirque du Soleil shows. Absolutely jaw dropping! . Most of the negative reviews focus on a "lack of" or "confusing" plot. At the end of the day this show is still "cirque" as in "circus". Of all the Cirque shows I've seen this one has the most coherent "plot", but if you want a proper 3 Act show, go to the movies. These kind of shows are about the feeling evoked and the artistry and spectacle performed.. That said, Ka delivers above and beyond. I had frequent instances where I held my breath in excitement and strong dash of fear. . The Good: World class acrobatics, stunts, and show moments.. The Bad: Its not cheap! That said, I've sat in the upper landing and they're not BAD, seats. That said I would recommend center section, at least 5 rows back if you can.. The Jaw Dropping: Without spoiling, the show creators pulled out all stops and reinvent how to use a stage!
AMAZING! The greatest show I've ever seen. I can't believe some of the stuff they do. The platform/stage/centerpiece/wall/hydrolic contraption is unbelievable. I was told it is the first time anything like this has ever been done and it is unique to this show. 2 years to build and cost $300 million. . . Worth every penny.. . I was on an electric scooter for medical purposes and the service was top-notch. Everyone was so genuine and friendly too. I was greeted and I came into the interior of the entry way and an attendant greeted me as "friend" then asked my name. He asked me to wait kindly for another man who showed up witin 2 minutes, and once he did we (my BF and I) were ushered into a seperate way so we could take the elevator. While waiting the attendant introduced himself, told us there is a seperate restroom we could use, and that he would park our scooter for us. From there, he took us to our seats and personally sat us down and advised us he would be at the stairs waiting for us when the show was over. --- And he was! He asked us how we enjoyed the show and what our favorite part was. He made sure we were dropped off in the very same spot we first met and wished us a good evening. As a former cast member at the Disneyland Resort, I must say this service was amazing.. . I have not seen any other Cirqe Du Soleil show but, I will! Definately go see it!
I've been to numerous Cirque shows all over and Ka was one of my favorite all time.  We had some really good seats and were able to see quite a lot but there was always something happening and kept me on the edge of my seat the entire show.  The set and contraptions they used was amazing and the performers were phenomenal.  I'd highly recommend this show and would actually see it again.
I've seen them all in Vegas, and this is the as good as it gets.. . Just how good is it?  I ordered one of those enormous drinks out front and have never had to use the restroom that bad in my life, but I sat in severe pain for the final 20 minutes of the show.  It's that good and a must see.
I must say this by far the best show i've seen in my life so far. FYI I've watched O, Mystere, Love Cirque du soleil shows in Vegas.. . This was the second time I watched this show. Me and my boyfriend got this Vegas package deal that came with free tickets. Since it was free, we got crappy seats all the way in the very last row in the middle (section 202 row NN). The first time I watched this show, I sat half way up in the middle (paid $80). I must say, i did read reviews about how there is no bad seats in the theater which might be true... but I would rather pay more to sit closer. I could not really make out a lot of the facial expressions/costume details from the last row... I would even pay $120-$150 for the okay seats! Well worth it!. . The show itself was amazing! The stage transforms many times... horizontal stage changes to a diagonal and vertical stage! Amazing engineer work! Love how they incorporate acrobatics into a story line. Amazing costumes and beautiful stage settings. Acrobatics were great but wasn't as impressive as Mystere, but the story line did win me over since I find that slightly more entertaining.. . Highly recommended! This is a must see!
My favorite cirque show (I've seen Mystere and O)... Such a beautiful and magical production. I enjoyed absolutely every minute of it!!!
I see shows and theatre pretty regularly, and nothing has ever topped this show for me.  The martial arts were amazing, sets were both beautiful and grandiose.  KA was absolutely breath-taking.  One of the best things I've seen in my life!
As a treat for our 1-year wedding anniversary, we purchased tickets to watch KA. . . KA is different from other Cirque De Soleil shows in it that most of the action happens on the center moving stage, so there isn't as much "interaction" with the audience. Unfortunately we were seated all the way to the edge when most of the action was in the middle, so try to get seats as close to the center as possible. . . Now onto the show... For about an hour and a half, my jaw was dropped and all I kept saying was "wow". WOW at the moving stage, where in one scene it was a beach with sand, and another scene it was a forest. WOW at the performers and their non-existent fear of heights and flying across the stage under a thin wife. WOW at the music and how it just transcends you into this magical world where sea creatures are larger than life and these people who speak gibberish make total sense. . . KA is a show that can only be performed at the MGM in Vegas due to the technicality behind the effects, so definitely try to catch the show if you're in town.
If you don't watch this with your mouth hanging open the entire time, you have become too cynical about the world, my friend. That's really all I can say.
KA by Cirque Du Soleil. Overall . 5 Stars. . Gold medal - Moving Stage. Silver medal - Exciting show. Bronze medal - Great lighting . . I've seen almost all of the Vegas Cirque Du Soleil shows and this has to be one of my favorite.  The worst being the Cirque Du Soleil, Criss Angel, Believe show.  Avoid Believe at all cost.  I somehow managed to fall asleep watching Believe, after paying $80 for my tickets.  $80 to sleep in a nice theather = no good! . . Now back to the good, KA...................... . This show was amazing.  It had a moving stage floor.  Yes, moving stage floor!!  The entire floor of the stage would move up, down, side ways, slanted (fully slanted at a 90 degree angle), while the actors would still be standing on the slanted floor.  How? Magic or was it invisible ropes?  Believe what you want to believe, but it was truely an amazing sight.  The actors would move and use the stage floor to manipulate all their movements.  It was unbelieveably exciting and a joy to watch.  My eyes were crying, "MORE MORE!!". . The show was very exciting full of love and action.  There was many cool fighting acts.  . . The great lighting with the stage and the show together made an unbelievable show.  I loved the show, so much.. . I would recommend this show to anyone looking for a Cirque Du Soleil show to watch.  This is one of their best in my opinion.. . HAPPY CIRQUING!!
Awesome show, a performance unlike any other!
ONE OF THE BEST SHOWS IN VEGAS !!!!! Amazing, great effects, awesome theater ,the most breathtaking performances!!!! Wow WOW WOW !!!! Our tickets came with a vacation package so our seats were the very top row but we still enjoyed the show. We sat in the front middle before. One of those shows that I think you will be AMAZED no matter where you sit !!
Ka was simply breath-taking, with a lovely storyline, elaborate stage effects and setup and exceptional choreography. . . The moving stage created my favorite aspect of this show: several acts were choreographed as vertical dance/martial arts scenes with the action feeling like it was "grounded" to a wall or floor but driven by aerial work. The final scene was mesmerizing, as it felt like the audience had a birds-eye view, but the performers were performing the show entirely on an almost vertical surface. Simply brilliant!. . I think the close up seats are well worth their price. This show is something special, and the stage setup they achieve at the MGM Grand just takes the show to a new level.
Full Disclosure: This is the first and only Cirque show I've ever seen.  If any of them are better than this, then Yelp will have to add more stars to the review criteria!. . The prices are very very high for a show, but since ours was not sold out, the woman seating us asked if we wanted "Better seats". Of course we did not decline.. . The seats themselves actually have speakers in the headrest, so you are surrounded at all times by the music.. . The cast moved effortlessly across the incredible stage (Which should be considered a cast member itself).  I had seen the Modern Marvels episode on this stage, but that could not prepare me for seeing it in action. I was completely gobsmacked.. . A few earlier reviewers described being bored during the show and I'd like to say I personally don't know how this is possible.  I know it certainly wasn't a problem for me.  Though I would say the "Story" might be a bit confusing.  I could never have described any of my feelings during the show as "Bored". . I highly recommend seeing KA to anyone who is even remotely interested.
I have seen this show twice and both times it was excellent. The stage is unbelievable, the way it moves and tilts, give the show an incredible dimension and scale. A very family friendly show with a heart warming story. The prices are up there, but nothing unusual for a show on the Vegas Strip.
A visual and audio experience to remember forever.. . The dynamic digital stage blew me away.   From beginning to end the show is captivating.   The theater has a million dollar earth piano by the entrance.   The overall technology cost $200 millions to make this show work.   . . The fire arrows, the 90 degree stage, the comical characters, the stunts, sounds and story.    . . A great time.
I saw KA 3 years ago, and it was my first Cirque Du Soleil experience. It was amazing. Since then, I've seen 5 other shows and spent quite a few on their merchandising. Thank you KA for making me a cult follower :)
You won't forget or regret it. . . Everything was done beautifully. The story line was clear and easy to follow. The visuals were dreamy and surreal. The music brought everything together. My travel companion, who had seen a Vegas Cirque show (Zumanity) and absolutely hated it, loved this and agreed that it was worth every penny. . . The visuals and stunts are amazing. Seriously you won't forget it.
We were in town for my husband's 40th birthday so after reading a few reviews, we decided on KA.  I've seen several other Cirque Du Soleil shows in Vegas and other locations and I would rank this one near the top.  The stage and theater is absolutely amazing!  I saw some of the other comments about the show being a little odd, but that's how all the Cirque Du Soleil shows are. It's all part of the experience. Being awed and a little confused all at the same time. . . As for the refreshments of the theater, they have popcorn, candy, soda and alcohol. We purchased the 32 oz. alcoholic drinks because you can get refills for only $10. That's quite a deal. Be careful though, there are no intermissions to the show, so don't drink too much!
seen this show 3 times and still love every minute of it , if you want a show with fantastic acrobatics , martial arts and a stage that turns up side down  that  have "snow ,sand and  amazing effects this show is for you .. a spectacular show worth every penny .
MUST SEE. The Ka theater is located at the back of the MGM and is one of the most amazing shows you'll ever see.  The stunts are crazy and you'll be on the edge of your seat the whole time.  Buy tickets as early as possible because the earlier, the closer you get to the stage.  The front section is $199/seat and the tiers are $169/seat no matter where you are. Do it!!
KA is terrific.  Visually rich with great music.  I will go again,. A friend who went with me liked it so much, she bought me the music CD which is also fantastic.
I have seen SO MANY shows in VEGAS and this is BY FAR the best one. You will love it!!! has everyhing!!!. . Make sure to go a little early b/c the line for food gets busy!
loved it!!
The main attraction is the enormous stage design with a rotating platform stage.. This innovative stage allows for multiple angles and even allows for actors to vertically climb up the stage as a wall.  Computer generated effects create accompanying waterfalls, tumbling rocks, etc to fall as performers climb said wall.. . Dialogue is non-existent in KA as characters rarely speak, but when they do it is a made up language.  But characters do speak through their body with accompanying music to better convey their "words."  Parts of the show were funny, which was a surprise because I thought it would be all action given the large influence of martial arts styles.. . . I highly recommend KA, but should warn you that if this is your first time ever watching a theatre show the greatness of KA may be lost on you or give you disappointingly high hopes for other shows.
I scrolled down the reviews for this show, and I was a bit saddened to see some people rate this anything less than 4 stars.... really?  Has our sense of wonder been completely obliterated.   KA was a fantastic show.. . . My friend and I talk during EVERY show.  We just don't shut up.  We talk through movies, we talk through plays, we talk through presidential inauguration speeches... but this shut us up.  First of all, the stage was built specifically for Cirque du Soleil, so it absolutely stunning what they can do on stage.  It has a storyline, and yeah you can follow it (it's about war and tragedy, and living in exile, etc).... But you could be totally lost and still be ABSOLUTELY MESMERIZED as my friend and I were. . . There is live music throughout the entire performance as well.  The technology is AMAZING. The performances STUNNING.
There's so many reviews of this show so there isn't really anything new for me to say. BUT please please go see this show! It's so mindblowingly awesome!. . Honestly I'm not a huge fan of Cirque shows. I've seen 4 in my lifetime and though they were good but not great. I saw O at Bellagio and thought it wasn't that impressive. But KA was so crazy! You need to go see it! That's all I'm going to say.
Quite simply: Sheer over the top spectacle at it's very best. . . It took me 2 1/2 years to make it to KA for one reason or another. On 6/30 that wait was over, and I can say without hesitation or reservation that it is one of the most mind blowing things I've ever seen. . . Expectations: Totally exceeded in every way. . . **************************************************. . Reality check! This is Yelp! and I like to try and write useful reviews, not gushing, emotional pieces. So let's get to it. . Parking: Valet is nice but can be a zoo. Self park is easy to get in and out of from Koval Lane, the local's not so secret access. . Once you're parked you enter the MGM Grand. The MGM Grand will get it's own review. It has issues. It ain't all that. It's just an annoyance (and I do mean annoyance) to walk through to get to the KA Theater. . But once you get your tickets or you scan the ones you have (They REALLY need to update those ancient hand scanners that are circa 2002), you are in for an experience that you will never forget. . . Once inside the theater the seating is quite comfortable even if you're a little wider or a little taller than most. Also there are hidden speakers in the top of the seats so for those with less than perfect hearing the audio will be a very pleasant surprise. Golden Circle Seating offers a more "immersive" experience but this is an intimate venue and Cirque brings parts of the show out into or over the audience so yes you can save money and still have an awesome experience (But being seated only 5 rows back we had several OMG that's awesome moments!). Beyond that, read the other reviews for details and know they're still not able to tell you just how good this is. And yes, if you are into the technical details of stagecraft the stage is EVERYTHING you've heard about, and still amazing to behold in action. When the lighting which is a cut above anything I've seen anywhere lets you see into the depths of the stage, the technical minded will catch glimpses of the massive machinery it takes to pull KA off and you will smile and oooh and ahh over the secondary spectacle that Cirque teases you with.  . . Summary: It is worth every cent spent. 5 Stars? Placement on my Best of Las Vegas List? Placement on my The Mythical 6th Star List? Without any reservation or hesitation, OH HELL YES! All of that and more. . . Dear Cirque du Soleil: Now I understand. I get it. And I've still got an ear to ear smile the morning after, and an afterglow that's going to last for awhile.. . Edit: One more thing. If you want concessions, be prepared to pay $$ Vegas Prices $$ for everything. $5 water? Check. $8 and up drinks? Check. This ain't a rant about it, I expected it, I'm mentioning it so people are not shocked when they see the pricing as many walking by the concessions sure grumbled about it.
I had read the reviews and was a little unsure about it. We were really happy with it. The tricks were unbelievable and the story line was good. The theater was impressive. The entire time we were in awe of how they were able to change the settings so many times. Over all it was fantastic!
This is a great show. The whole stage is a prop, moving vertically at times to act as a wall to climb. Very impressive with what they do with the stage alone. . . On top of that the show has a good story line, and great acrobatics. Probably one of the best shows you can see in Vegas.
This was anamazing experience. The whole stage moved anywhere from a fully horizontal position to vertical to anywhere in between throughout the show, which added a lot to the narration of the story. There were no real words in the play (aside from some mumbled Chinese/Mandarin) so you had to pay attention to the actions to understand what was going on. I went with my family, and ended up having to explain some of the story to them, but they definitely appreciated the effects, the stage and costumes. There's no intermission in the show, and the speakers are embedded in the seats for the illusion of surround sound. If you sit towards the back it might be hard to see the little section before the actual moving stage. There were a few "slow motion" effects, which were cool to see in live action. The whole room is pretty much used throughout the play, so dancers can bee in the aisle or up in the air at any point in the show. Definitely worth the $150+ tickets.
After watching a lot of Cirque shows, they get a little repetitive; typical contortionist, silk aerial, trapeze acts, etc. BUT that doesn't mean I get tired of being fascinated with their special talents and abilities! Although this was my 6th Cirque production I have seen, this has become one of my top faves for sure! . . When you initially walk into the Ka theatre, you're already in awe of the set that is built above you, you know you're walking into a real treat. My group got discounted tickets at the Forum Shoppes  where they choose your designated section at the last hour. We got lucky and got side orchestra seats, enough to be away from the stage where we can see the whole production, but close enough to see the detailing of their intricate costumes. . . TIP: DO NOT PURCHASE FRONT ROW SEATS. This is a production you want to be sitting a little far back from so you can really appreciate everything that is going on. . . This turned out to be an amazing show! The stage is really something else, and the digital visual effects are AMAZING! I heard the stage cost them $200 mil to build, so you can imagine when I say it really is 'someting else'. They did have several of the typical acts like silk aerial stunts, but for the most part, this show can be appreciated for the overall production - lighting, setting, stage, music. AND there was an actual storyline you could follow. . . Definitely not the typical Cirque du Soleil show I was expecting, but bettter.
Second best cirque du soleil in Vegas taking place in the MGM grand
This is one of my favorite Cirque Soleil shows here in Las Vegas.. Even though i did not really understand the story outline, i was still amazed with the production! I was amazed how the stage can move up down all around side ways.  I was taking a friend who's never seen a Cirque show. He was awkstricken right when we walked into the show room all the way through the end with fireworks and pirotechnics at work.. I have seen this show at least 4-5 times? and this show has never failed me.. I love everything about it. Not going to get into details about the acts because i do not want to spoil it for those of you who havent seen it.. Watch Ka now you will be WOWED!
We had 9:30 tickets this past Saturday evening and were blown away by how beautiful the theater was as we walked in.  We were seated in the 2nd row and felt sometimes like we could touch the performers.  . . The show is just great - and you won't be disappointed in it at all.  I've only seen "O" in the past andthis one is different but still very exciting.  The story line is good and the acrobatics and aerial acts were just amazing.  The performance was at times breathtakingly beautiful.  . . We plan on seeing this again when we return to Vegas with our kids.  The only thing I would do differently is actually buy seats that are a bit further back.  I felt we were so close that we probably missed a few things that were going on around us.. . I would recommend this show HIGHLY - you will not be disappointed!
I had spent the day at the Grand Canyon and was totally exhausted by the time we made it to the show. But wow! Was I blown away!. . Its a very different concept than most Cirque Du Soleil shows. The rotating stage is very impressive, and the show is very entertaining. . . The performers did a formidable job at keeping everyone on their toes, and the music was beautiful as well.. . I would recommend this show to anyone going to Vegas.
Now this was one of the best entertainment performance I've seen. I have been to the Broadway's Lion King, Cirque du soleil O, Mystere, Saltimbanco, and Alegria, so I have seen what Cirque's got. Which KA is totally different than the rest. It has a bold story line! If you are first timer at Cirque show, this is not a circus. This is a performance by world class artists, designers, technicians, composers, directors, and of course the performers! . . I hate seeing other reviews saying how it was confusing and this show was for kids... Because to be honest, if you are not a kid then how did you not get the story? Like I said, the story is bold for a cirque show. It is easy to understand if you follow the show. The only reason why it might be confusing is because the scenes change, but just know your characters then you are fine. Someone from the other review said they did not understand what they were saying, this is because in almost all Cirque shows, they are not speaking a language!! It's actually called Cirquish which is basically gibberish mix of different languages. You might hear a word from latin, Japanese, African languages, and such. . . Now for the kids, they would love it too. In fact the first performance I saw from Cirque was the O when I was 9 years old and LOVED it. I still remember the details of how the theater looked, smelt, the performance, and music. [ I found out O uses special aroma for the theater by a company called Aromasys to cover the water smell, which is very elegant and rich smell which I still can not forget and loved. That is why I researched this when I got older because I just loved it so much.]. . For those who don't know, the music from all Cirque shows are live. Which you will see in KA on the stage and off the stage. . The performance itself is very unique and amazing. The stage moving, the performers flying around, acrobats, the music, they are all world class performance. Try to enjoy the whole theater because it is filled with many things going on at once. Pretty much every seat is good because performers are everywhere not only on the stage. Don't get too cocky about the front seats, they are good, but you will miss what's going on behind you!
I loved the romantic story line of this show. The fact that the stage moves and twirls is an added bonus to all the actions that the show is filled with. Classic story of love and lost with a twist. Th fight scenes are thrilling to watch, especially when the stage goes vertical. The forest scene was my favorite.
I don't have much to say except wow! This was by far the best show I have ever seen-- both in terms of performance as well as special effects. From the moment that you get inside the theatre you are immersed in the world that they create for you. Even the people taking your tickets are in on the show, and they are great at getting you to laugh and to feel comfortable. There is sound coming from the seats themselves and actors everywhere chanting in an odd imaginary language, which also makes you lose a sense of reality as well. The show is so amazing that you lose a sense of time as well, and when it is over, both my husband and I were sad to leave. If we could have watched the show twice in a row, we would have. I'm not going to write about the show itself as I do not want to ruin anything-- I'll just say that the last few scenes, in my opinion, were the best. If you are debating about what show to see in Vegas, this one is one of, if not the, best pick.
It was so AMAZING and COOL that I can't even actually describe it! My jaw dropped watching this show. It's definitely a must see when you're in Vegas!
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!  A friend of mine recommended this show - said it was the BEST Cirque Du Soleil show in Vegas, and after seeing it, I'd have to agree!  Instead of 1.5 hours of somewhat random awesomeness, this show actually had a story-line that you could follow, which super entertaining!  It had so many different elements to please every single person (females, males, and children).  This was right up my husband & I's alley, but we also took some friends that weren't so "artsy" with us and they were constantly saying "WOW" (as were we) :)  I recommend sitting towards the back (we were in row G and it was a little too close) so  you can see everything that's happening on the sides of the stage more (which really isn't too often, but it happens).  Also, the stage rotates every which way, so if you sit close, you'll be looking UP a lot and your neck gets a little tired.  Anyway, this show is DEFINITELY recommended by us - it was absolutely breathtaking!  A must see - I don't think ANYONE would be disappointed seeing this!!!
MDC and I were in Vegas for a couple nights and I was in charge of setting up our nightly entertainment.  We have loved all the Cirque shows that we've seen so setting one up was a no brainer.  The Beatles Love was on a 10 day hiatus and Zumanity was "dark" the 2 night s we were here.  Next best show?.... KA, here's how we did.... . We we're the first ones in line and got to talk to the "gatekeepers."  Now these people are some weird people.  I'm not sure if they were acting like knuckleheads or if they were just weird but it was a fun intro to the show.  Once the doors open people start flooding inside.  We got caught by one of the photographers and they took about 5 pics.  We didn't end up buying them because they week and numerous people photo bombed our pics.  Once we get inside the theater we get to our seats.  We're about 7 rows back and front and center.  I did a good job with these seats, I paid for them too.  I think they were $150 a piece.  Once we got seated, another person took a few pics of us.  These ones were great with the stage behind us and pyrotechnics shooting fireballs in the air.  We ended up getting these ones after the show.  I sure as hell paid for these too, $45!  Geez, talk about a wallet raping.  That's just too damn much.  But the pics were nice and MDC wanted them so I had no choice.. Onto the show.... from the very beginning we were intrigued.  The story which I wont talk about was awesome.  It showed laughter, loyalty, pain, love and so much more.  My favorite part was when they told a story with their hands.  With the light behind their hands they made images on the wall.  I laughed and almost cried, it was truly amazing!  Great job to Cirque and KA. . Will I again?.....I'd like to see more Cirque shows before I come back but I would love to see KA again.  Toot!
I thought this show was fantastic! The set was incredible--I have not seen anything like it!! We got amazing seats last minute so we got to see the costumes and make-up really well. Everything was intricate, complex, and extremely well done. . . It was truly a mesmerizing show and one of the better Cirque shows (I saw Mystere and Criss Angel and was not too impressed). . . The storyline was easy to follow, the acrobatics were great, and the music choice was interesting (plus a sound system in your chair truly enhanced the experience). . . I highly recommend it!
Amazing, so entertaining it is absolutely breath taking! It has been a long time that I was entertained like this. The entire theatre is the scene, of course in the tradition of Cirque du Soleil, and the entree scene is alive! It is emotional, moving, mind bugging, absolutely amazing. It is the one of the best show I have ever seen. A must seeif you are in Vegas :)))
KA is an acid trip kung fu live action movie with the most impressive combination of acrobatics and technology that I've ever seen. The stage itself is a performer, doing some really crazy stunts that you never saw coming.
Amazing!. . This is my favorite cirque du solei show. I've seen it 3 times. I love the story line and the amazing stage that moves and make the show more interactive. . . The music keeps you in the mood of what's happening and the performer as are top notch. . . The drinks and food a fairly priced for the show. Get there early to get a couple drinks.
Great Show!! Its a must see. Show is located inside the MGM Grand Casino. Once entering the KA theater all the workers down to the ticket takers,ushers to the bartenders are in character for the show. Price not cheap lowest price is 80 dollars. But you can tell by the production from the set the multi stages and the costumes Cirque du Solei did not spare no expense. You will get your money worth!!
I won't even try to put this show into words. Just go see it, soon!
My first Cirque show ever did not disappoint...and I didn't even try to read the backstory on it! I've heard of and seen clips from other shows which seemed pretty cool, but Ka's story-line theme, music, costumes, set design, the amazing visuals, and acrobats/stunts were out of this world. It was like watching an action movie on stage (i.e. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon) and the audience was quite enthralled. I marveled at how great of a shape you have to be in order to do all the acrobats/stunts.  There were some cheesy humor to it, but all in all an amazing high-energy show.. . The only part that was sort of lame was not having a separate line for Will Call at the Ticket Office. The folks were very friendly and it was a nice to touch to incorporate folks from the show interacting with the audience before they entered. . . Definitely a show not to miss!!
The overall staging was the most impressive. Having a story line was a big plus. Love the Chinese Peking Opera style of sword fighting. Although a bit weak on acrobat, the presentation was beautiful. The uses of the mobile staging is just amazing. Definitely much better than Cirque Du Soleil shows in NYC.
This was my first time seeing a show in Vegas and I'm not sure how they could get any better. Absolutely LOVED this show! . . We were going to see 'O' first but they were sold out for two nights. We were staying at MGM so we received a discount. All the seats in the theater were great. I don't think there was a bad seat in the house. We sat about three row up in the top section and could see everything perfectly. We all left saying "Wow, wow, wow!"
Amazing! I was on the edge of my seat covering my mouth as they were performing death defying stunts. Great music. Engaging story. The theater is very comfortable. I could have slept in the seat it was that comfortable. Serious. Not gonna say much more don't want to give it away. I will say, my only gripe: managment needs to get together and organize the lobby pre-show. Get some velvet ropes and create lines for people to stand in. It was a free-for-all with people cutting in front of us, pushing us etc. Not fun.
What a great show - just really spectacular. I saw O last year, and thoroughly enjoyed it, and to me, Ka was just as good if not better. I love the creativity and different perspectives that Cirque offers the audience. You always stay at the edge of your seat because you don't know what way the stage is going to turn on all of its 3 axis! The storyline was easy to follow and quite beautiful. Would definitely be willing to see this again in the future!
I can't believe I almost didn't review KA! . . I spent hours upon hours researching shows in Vegas for my 21st birthday and I finally decided on KA based on availability and ratings. How would I describe it in one word? Exciting! . . Like other people have said, it can sometimes be a little difficult to follow since they obviously can't talk, but everything else definitely makes up for it and you just forget about the story and get so involved with what they're doing!. . A few things I would recommend if you're considering this show is to definitely buy early and straight from the MGM website! I bought 2 really good tickets in the front-ish rows for under $200 with taxes and everything included. . . Definitely go check it out! Definitely worth the money. I can't wait to go see all of the other ones :)
Oh KA, how I love this show!! It's one of my favorite cirque shows. It's between this and O as my top shows. I loved everything about this show- the performances, the characters, the music. I've been wanting to watch this show again for quite some time!! The performances do a very good job of evoking emotion and whenever I listen to the CD, I think of the acts I saw. The stage is amazing, performing on a vertical platform at most times!! Talk about intense!! The performers are very good at what they do and there is no other cirque show like this one!! Don't sit too close to the stage as the vertical platform they perform on is HUGE and if you sit too close, your neck will probably ache by the end of the show from having to look up most of the time. I think I sat about 8 or 10 rows back... which was good, but I think it would have been better to sit maybe like 12-15 rows back to avoid looking up as much, but I like to be able to see the faces well either as cirque shows play on emotion. When I sat down deep in my chair however, I was able to comfortably rest my neck while looking up and so no neck strain for me!. . A must see show in my book!! I've seen 10 cirque shows to date.
I'm going to be honest, I was pretty skeptical going into KA. It was my first Cirque show and I was a little turned off by everything I've seen about Cirque in movies which made me think it was going to be bizarre, a little disturbing, and overall something I would enjoy more had I eaten some special mushrooms beforehand.. . . I was BLOWN AWAY. Thank goodness my bestie has more sense than I do and made me go because it was hands down the most amazing show I've ever seen. The caliber of talent was crazy high and the amazing and diverse tricks they worked into the story made it something everyone should see. I don't want to give too much away because I want you to be as in awe as I was but I will say this: if you were skeptical, don't be. If you love tricks of all kinds, amazing acrobatics, sitting on the edge of your seat in anticipation, and hand shadow puppets of all things: GO!
I've been to quite a few cirque shows and this is by far the most visually stunning of them all. I don't want to give anything from the show away so just take my word for it this is a must see show for everyone, you will be amazed and astounded.
Wow, this was my 3rd Cirque show and by far the most impressive. The stage rotates completely! Performers are suspended by wires for most of the show because most of it is performed at a 45 degree angle! At one point the stage was up completely perpendicular to the floor! . This show was supposed to have a storyline to it, but both my sister and I found it difficult to follow. Any audio that was spoken was also difficult to hear clearly. Somehow though, it doesn't matter. The acrobatics and wire suspension are so impressive that you still sit enthralled. . Our favorite was the beach scene with the turtle and crab. Kind of random, but we loved it.
This is probably the only Cirque show where almost anyone can follow the storyline.  Unlike most Cirque shows where you kinda of shrug as to the storyline.. . There is an amazing stunt they do where they have the fight scene on a vertical platform.  It's seen in most of the commercials, but that scene alone is worth the price of admission.. . This show is I guess considered one of the lesser preferred shows, because there are always discount tickets for this show.
Is there a bad Cirque show?!. . We got super cheap tickets through a Facebook offer. Our seats were in section 202, GG, seats 22-24, on the seating chart it seems like they are nosebleeds but they were AWESOME. You had a view of everything and the seats have sound in them...uh, AWESOME. . . Out of all the Cirque shows I've seen--O, Mystere, Love--this was probably my least fave but it was still amazing. The stage is the focal point, less acrobatics than most shows.
This one took me by surprise. The music is especially thought provoking an captures emotion out of nowhere.  At parts, touching, charming, funny, amazing.  . . I've only seen this and Love and I like Ka much better if that was possible.  Well done MGM
Saw the show last night. It has amazing imagery and choreography, and most of the performance was done on moving platforms! Ka has an intense storyline and was a spectacular show! I love Cirque Du Soleil shows, they always shock and impress me. I definitely recommend this show and would see it again!
This was my second time seeing Ka at the MGM in Las Vegas. The first time I sat in the cheap seats in the back, this time I sat in the cheap seats closer to the front :). Two completely different experiences and both of them absolutely excellent. . . Sitting in the back really gave you a greatoverall view of the story. Unlike other Cirque shows, Ka has a plot to it as well as being visually stunning. From the back you get a   great view of the absolutely incredible stage which provides the centerpiece of the performance. It actually moves up, down, and becomes completely vertical to provide   different backdrops to the action.. . Up closer to the stage this time, I got a much better sense of the acting, makeup, effects and stunts that these performers put into the show It made me appreciate it even more!. . Don't hesitate, just book your tickets! You can get really decent seats for $100 through a concierge pretty easily.
this will be short and sweet as I definitely don't want to ruin the show.... . all I will say is what a spectacular production that fully lives up to the Cirque du Soleil reputation.  I can't believe people can do those kinds of things without a net!  As a fan of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon- I truly loved this show and couldn't wait to tell everyone I know about it.  Suspense, intrigue, mystery, love... they will take you through an emotional rainbow with a grand finale you won't forget.. . We actually scored better seats at a huge price cut at the MGM KA Theater box office the day of rather than waste our time at the Tickets4Tonight kiosks.  If you really want to see a specific show, take the extra 10 minutes and see just how much tickets cost at the box office before blowing precious Vegas hours waiting in those lines.
I'm not a show type person, so this is the fanciest one I've ever been too. I enjoyed it even thou I thought the show was about a rock and it ended up being about something else. I've read where it's 2 different expirences in the front and back. We where right smack dab in the middle. I enjoyed it. The sound was loud, the lights where bright and the seats where incredibly comfortable. I was dressed up this night and I'm not a shirt and tie kinda Guy so that's saying wonders. The aisles are nice and wide. The only downside to the place is when it's time to exit. I think we stood at the end of the aisle for 10 minutes before we had an opportunity to start walking after that thou, it was smooth sailing. If your in the mood for a change of pace and something different, I think this is quite the offering.
BEST SHOW EVER!!! . My daughter was 5 when watched for the first time, and she loved it as well!. A MUST SEE if you come to Las Vegas or you are a resident.. CONGRATULATIONS!!!
When I first heard of this show called KA, I immediately thought "BIRDS"! . . HA!.  . I bought tickets for my family as a Christmas gift to watch Ka at MGM GRAND because I wanted to give them something they would remember long term. I had a choice of "O" at Bellagio," Mystere" at Treasure Island and "Ka" at MGM GRAND so I picked Ka because it was the newest Cirque show at that time and cheaper then "O". . The lines were long to buy your tickets but luckily I just had to pick them up at will call.  =P. . TIP**. . DON'T MISS THE PRESHOW!!. . I won't give too much information about the show but it's an Asian theme involving a royal family and twins that try to find each other......  =I . . Kids would love this type of showed since it's geared towards a younger crowd.. . That's all I'm going to say!    LOL. . The show followed the storyline perfectly compared to Mystere if it had a storyline and my parents took a while to understand what was going on after my sister's explained it after the show. What I loved about the show was the evolving stage and the use of props and lighting to change from one scene to the next, I thought that was very innovative in stage production and made you wonder what was going to happen next.
Mindblowing set.. No stage.. Amazing soundtrack.. Potentially my favorite Cirque show, because despite the lack of acrobatics, it has a solid narrative that you can lose yourself in if you let go.
By far the best show I have ever seen... I was blown away! Read in Wikipedia about the stage platform, it is a technological marvel! The enormous performance space is . 15 stories from the highest ceiling grid to the lowest floor level. This is one of a kind show! Can't say enough about it.
Ka was the first of the Cirque du Soleil shows I wanted to see.  As life always plays out in dramatic and unexpected fashion, it became the fourth CdS (Cirque du Soleil) show watched.  This one is located at the MGM Grand.  Outside of O, general consensus says this is one of the best.  . . Right at the front doors you'll be greeted by slew of ushers talking in a tone reminiscent of a Renaissance Fair except in the world of Ka.  We then took our "professional" pictures; one of which was with the ushers.  Bun asked why we took a picture with the usher.  Considering my silly logic, I really thought she was in the actual show for an odd reason.  She was just that convincing.        . . Walking into the auditorium, you'll be blown away with the breathtaking size and grandeur of the theatre.  I almost ran into the railing looking straight up and around the theatre setting pieces.  The story of Ka is more a straight forward story than other CdS shows such as Mystere, which is overly abstract at points.  Filled with action packed martial art scenes, acrobatics, and some comedic relief to boot, the story of two siblings is played out with almost no narration.  Everything is shown through movements and facial expressions (if you're sitting close enough).  . . The most glaring positive note I have for Ka is their translatability to the audience.  You can tell everyone just gets it when the characters on stage are conveying a language through movement.  The syncing dance with the backdrops and props will leave you firstly, awestricken from symbolic motion, and secondly, wearing a "Whoa! How did they do that?" face on.  . . Good versus evil, love story, epic journey, and coming of age can all be categories describing the performance.  Ka has the whole package.  This is my favorite and best CdS so far.  Wild rides of suspense and emotion inducing moments will have you thinking where the last hour and half went.
My first Cirque Du Soleil show ever! . . Ushers are welcoming and dressed in costumes . Cute shadow puppets. Easy to follow story line. Great costumes and effects. Fireworks. Snow. Crazy talented guy jump roping on a rotating wheel thing. Amazing silk aerial performance in the love scene. Rotating wall . . List is endless.  Too bad I can't remember everything to tell you all.  My excuse?  it's vegas xD  Amazing show though, I remember that much!
Ka is my first circque du soleil show I ever watched with my soul mate. We werent married at the time. Just friend actually. But I thought I would take her to a show where it will blows her mind away. Well guess what. KA did just that. . . I still havent take her to another show that blows her mind like KA did. I kind of saving it for later. :) But to beat KA is very hard. This shows will blow your mind away.. . The grandeur of the stage, the devying gravity act, the costumes, the story, everything about it rocks. You have to check it out yourself so that you know what I am talking about!
I haven't seen too many Cirque Du Soleil shows in Vegas, only Mystere and Le Reve. But Ka was definitely by far the best I've seen out of the three! . . THAT'S A HUGE....THEATRE. When I walked into the theatre I was in awe of how big this theatre was in comparison to the Le Reve theatre, this was huge (that's what she said)!! The interior design of the theatre was beautiful, and I couldn't help but to keep looking around the theatre in awe, like a child in a candy store. . . LET THE SHOW BEGIN. The show was amazing, the actors were superb and kept me entertained the entire time. I remember realizing that their stunts had me sitting on the edge of my seat, with sweaty palms and an increased heart rate! That statement alone should say a lot. Oh and the actors on stage are NOT the only actors, the ushers themselves act as well. Most of them are very entertaining/funny, while others were just flat out weird BUT still entertaining!. . CONCLUSION. I highly, highly recommend this show though I have only seen two other Cirque Du Soleil shows, Ka was the most entertaining and totally worth the money! After I knock some other shows off my list, you can bet your ass I'll be coming back to see Ka again for some pure entertainment!
Stunning. Visually, musically, sexually. Okay, wait. Maybe not that last one.. . No, those ushers were pretty sexy.. . Anyway, as someone who tends towards feeling a little jaded by the plethora of shows available in Seattle where I live, I'm hard to please I think.  But then you see something like this and I'm just wrong. I'm totally blown away.. . The set and theater was as much part of the show as the amazingly talented performers, the way the music comes in behind you (and we had inexpensive seats up high) and the stage moves with each scene change, it's a modern miracle of technology that makes such an old-feeling tale seem completely fresh.. . The true test? Would I go back and see the same one again?. . Yup, any time. Amazing.
I saw Ka this past Saturday evening with my girlfriend.  It was probably the best live performance that I have ever seen and I have seen many shows live.  The theater, performers and set are all top notch and many things that the performers do are simply amazing.  I mean who doesn't like seeing a completely vertical battle and another that started diagonally and went vertical.  It was almost like watching a video game and yet it was real.  The music was also good and complimented the show nicely.  The only downside was that the story itself was fairly lame but it's tough when they don't talk and who goes for the story?. . The bottom line for me is that I loved the show and would recommend it for everyone.  It's not often that I say this but I would have been ok with spending more to see it, it was that good!
One of the best shows I have ever seen! . . Got a huge cup of some sort of frozen concoction in the lobby on the way in and were greeted by "warriors" all above us I think "threatening" us and doing jumps over our heads. Great entrance.. . Then the show...WOW. The stage is so amazing by itself. The performers are equally amazing. There is not too much karate, mixed with some great Ariel tricks and some suspenseful moments. Been to a couple Cirque De Soleil and I must say this one tops them all.
KA is what could easily be described as storytelling perfection. As a student majoring in Entertainment Engineering and Design Technology  at UNLV, everything Cirque Du Soleil is nothing short of fascinating to me.. . Upon walking into the theater, you feel like you're transported to another world. The theme of KA is fire, and as soon as you set your sights on the stage you see, and if you're sitting close enough, feel it. Large fireballs rise from what appears to be a bottomless stage area, creating a sense of excitement and curiosity. . . The show displays the theme of fire through out it. The way the songs for this show were composed, in my opinion, mimic the growth and expansion of a flame. They start off small but crescendo into much more, giving the listener different feelings as the song progresses. If you don't get what I mean, try listening to Love Dance, one of my personal favorite songs and performances during the show. . . The technical aspects of this show were absolutely magnificent. One of the things I found most interesting was the Sand Cliff deck. Not only can they move this stage around using hydraulics, but there are touch sensitive panels installed in the stage allowing it to track the movements each performer makes. That stage is truly a work of art. . . If you are in Vegas and looking for a show to watch, definitely give KA a chance. If you are a lover of music, art, or technology this show will be very pleasing to your ears and eyes.
HOW do they DO the things that they do?!?! Seriously, a huge number of the acrobatic feats performed in the KA show are not just edge-of-your-seat thrilling, but also I'm-scratching-my-head-trying-to-figure-out-how-in-the-world-they-do-that intense. Everyone talks about the inverted stage - and yeah - that is pretty unreal. It's just simply amazing. . . The lead-up to the beginning is also great to help set up the story for the audience. If you're in your seat 15 minutes before showtime (as you should be - I hate late comers!), you'll have some of the acrobats suspended and zipping around above you. Very fun. . . The story is great and of course very feel-goody at the end....the music and costumes, along with the set, really sell the story-telling part of KA. . . I was concerned that my seats/view would totally stink because I got the cheapest section tickets (at an awesome rate - check to see for specials on the website) but I was so impressed with the intimacy of the theatre and how it made me feel like I was right in front of all of the action. Highly recommend KA if you are in town!
This was simply amazing!  We were able to catch two Cirque shows while in Vegas and this quite possibly was the best.  There is so much going on in this performance and crazy cool acrobatics.  The performers must have nerves of steel.  The theater itself is amazing and appeared to be similar to a giant playground for the performers.  It looked like they were having a lot of fun on all fronts.. . The stage.... what a crazy piece of technology.  It moves, sways, flips around, and inverts itself while the performers are doing their thing on it.  The story is excellent and easy to follow.  There was seriously not a dull moment either - no lulls or opportunities to catch your breath.  I was clinching my armrests most of the time while watching the high flying stunts and choreography.  . . This was the event we chose via part of the vacation package so were fortunate to see this at no added cost.  Our seats were perfect as well.  Very grateful I chose this particular Cirque event because it was absolutely excellent.  I highly recommend putting KA at the top of your Cirque list if going to any shows/performances while in Vegas.
Amazing.  Seriously, truly couldn't take my eyes away for a moment.  What an incredible theatrical experience.  You won't be disappointed.
Excellent show, worth every penny.
Overall, I loved it, it was outstanding!  I was deciding whether to see this one or Mystere, so I took a chance and chose this one.  I definitely was not disappointed!  I've seen some other cirque shows (but not in Vegas)  and this one is so far the best one I've seen!  It's more elaborate than the others I've seen.  Ka actually has a storyline, unlike certain others that just show random acts.  There are everchanging sceneries and the entire performance from start to finish will hold your interest.  There were different types of performances other than the typical acts.  With other cirque shows, I've gotten a little bored of seeing the same old things.. . I sat in the 7th row and I loved where I sat.  I also don't care for the audience participation that seems to be the norm in cirque shows.  Ka picked one person who was obviously a part of the show and it was a very quick little thing.  There was also no intermission with this one.  It went straight through, which was a nice change from most live performing arts shows.. . This is the only cirque show I've seen so far that I actually would'nt mind seeing again.  My boyfriend isn't too crazy about cirque shows in general, but he loved this one and thought it was awesome.  Ka is a can't miss!  The other Cirque shows back in my home state of California will have a tough act to follow!
Saw this with my parents, this is my favorite Cirque du Soleil show!  It is the only one with a story.  The entire theater is custom made for this show and the action appears everywhere.  You can't go wrong with Ka, it is still here.  About 1 and 1/2 hours.  No need for more words, go and see it!
Let me loudly and proudly proclaim first and foremost that I love Cirque du Soleil.  I've seen KA, Mystere, O and more, but KA stole my heart and my imagination like no other.  . . When I was a wee bit younger, I dreamed of becoming a contortionist so I could join their ranks (and look super cool turning into a pretzel in full body makeup and a fantastic cat suit).. . Every time I've been to Las Vegas, I've seen a different Cirque show and KA was the latest and greatest yet.  . . From the start of the show I was mesmerized by the fantastic costumes and makeup (and in love with the main male character - the blue haired one), the romantic story line (communicated without an intelligible word ever being said), the ever changing stage and the general awesomeness and total uniqueness that every Cirque show somehow manages to exude.. . Captivated from start to finish, when the show ended I was once again ready to limber up, struggle into a spandex leotard and become a performer if they'd have me.  . . I don't know how Cirque du Soleil does it, but I've never been (nor probably ever will be) disappointed in their shows.  They're worth every penny of the admission price and the ones in Vegas even more so since they get to have theaters built exactly to their specifications.  . . I'd go back and see it all again in a heartbeat, and I can't wait for that day to come.
I've watch O and Iris and KA was the best so far!  Wow, I was immediately captivated once we entered the theatre.  It already set the tone of the show!  The costumes were amazing and this is the first Cirque show that actually has a storyline.  I was in awe of the creativity in costumes as well as the use of the stage!  Inventive!  Everything was breathtaking and the music was so emotional.  I almost cried in one of the scenes because I was so into it!  Some stunts were so nerve wracking because they did not have protective harnesses which made it that more real!  I absolutely loved it!  If you're going to a show in Vegas, this should be at the top of your list!
Seeing a few of these Cirque shows can really raise the bar to crazy levels of what you want out of a stage show. Ka is definitely one of these shows. Awesome acrobatics, a moving stage and action all over the theater. Eventually I will see the other Vegas acts like O, Zumanity or Believe but I know you won't leave this show disappointed.
Ka is VERY different from any other Cirque du Soleil show that I have been to.  . Why is that? Because this one has a storyline that you can actually follow. it's not abstract like in most Cirque shows, and is not very dream-like.  . . For Ka, the moment you step into the theater, you immediately get the feeling that this show is different.  The stage itself is very interesting and sets itself apart from the other theater sets (even O).. . One of my favorite parts about Ka is the fact that their stage is a giant moving platform that appears to float. And Ka uses this stage frequently (my favorite is when they change it to look like a cliff)
MF AMAZING! Seriously, best Cirque show! Why trust me? Because I've seen every Cirque show! EXCEPT stupid Criss Angel.. . This show is hands down the best Cirque show! O is very eloquent and beautiful but KA has me enamored! Upon entering the theater you are in awe! ITS AMAZING! You see pyrotechnics and performers walking around, and once you sit down you sit there saying "WOW". . The show is based upon twins who get separated and try to find themselves and you basically watch their amazing journey. You see their journey which includes different sets, KA uses a 70 foot stage that rotates 360 degrees! ITS SERIOUSLY AMAZING. The martial arts and stunts they do are phenomenal and the athleticism is insane! PLUS the performers are absolutely beautiful. I wont bore you with all the technical aspects and story. Just go see it!. . If youre a local they have 2 for 99$ offer... now if you read closely it says PLUS SALES TAX AND FEES. So the amount for 2 tickets is 128.85$ Thats totally a bargain! If youre a non local ask for the winter discount, saves you hella money! . . So go check it out! You will not be sorry!
I love this show. It's really amazing.
Where do I start with the production of KA at the MGM Grand? Well, it is worth the big bucks you'll plunk down for tickets (about $130 for premium). The performances, music, choreography, and innovative rotating stage will have you saying "WOW" or "How did they do that!". This is by far the best Cirque show in Vegas ("O" is very good too) and absolutely the best production I've ever experienced. Make it a point to buy your tickets well in advance and spend a little extra money for good seats. Absolutely the best entertainment production in Vegas, if not the United States.
Every year that my husband and I travel to Vegas (his business trip is my pleasure trip!), we try to make it to one show. I'll admit that none of the Cirque Du Soleil shows interested us at first, because we don't really consider ourselves musical-type people. . . The time finally came that we were convinced by friends to have a Cirque Du Soleil experience, and they recommended KA for our first time. . . I was not disappointed! In fact, I was pleasantly surprised when I was drawn into the story and all the different ways they used the mechanical stage. It almost became like a game to watch what all they could do with the stage. . . The seats have speakers built into them, which we didn't notice at first, but it makes the sounds amazing and definitely contributes to the experience of being drawn in. . . I think we've bought into the whole Cirque Du Soleil experience and may be seeing another one on our next visit.
My favorite Cirque show.  The moving platform that can pivot a full 90 degrees coupled with the story and typical great Cirque theatrics make this my favorite Vegas show.  I haven't seen O yet, but hear that one's pretty good too.
Amazing stage, amazing final ( human hamsters defying gravity), and amazing overall, would highly recommend. The stage alone gives you goosebumps. Everyone working in the theater, rightfrom the entrance, makes you feel like you are about to experience something special. I preferred this show over O. Highly recommend! Go cirque du soleil!
AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!. I've seen it 3 times and it still blows me away. My husband saw it for the first time. I had told him prior that it would ruin any other show he would ever see. He admitted after that, yes, he will never be as impressed with a show again unless it was maybe Rob Zombie. Coming from him, this was a high honor, indeed.
We've seen this twice, once when the show first came out several years ago and again last week. Both shows were excellent and we noticed no drop off from the first time seeing this. The story is compelling and not as abstract as some of the other CDS shows we've seen - which is refreshing. . . What really takes this over the top for me, making this one of the best shows out there, is the amazing use of the massive mechanical stage and effects. These are mind blowing live effects that really have to be seen. . . Both of our showings we did sit pretty close (3rd row and 20th row) but think seats around row 20 are preferred to see everything comfortably. Being too close did strain our neck some to see some things overhead. . . One thing is for sure, there is nothing like this show and my memories of it are worth the dollars spent on the ticket.
I saw this show in 2011 and it was spectacular.  This is one of those Cirque Du Soliel shows that doesn't tour for a reason.  The stage is MASSIVE and the way they make it move around and turn from a flat performance area to a steep mountain side is very cool.  True to Cirque Du Soleil's reputation this is a top notch show with a beautiful Asian inspired theme.  Reminds me of movies such as "Croutching Tiger Hidden Dragon" and "House of Flying Daggers".  Definitely a must see Cirque show. I would definitely go see this show again!
This is some amazing stuff. The performers are extremely skilled, and the engineering of the stage is truly marvelous. The costumes are very well designed as well. It was worthy of every penny.
I don't know why I never took the time to watch this show before because it was awesome! The MGM is not my favorite hotel/casino in Vegas but no matter where you are staying, you need to go see this show. Le Reve and O are probably a little more sweepingly romantic and The Beatles one is full of whimsy and very musical. Mystere is geared for kids with lots of comedy so that is the best Cirque show for families. If I could characterize the target audience that KA would appeal to most it would probably be people who like comic book movies or anime. There were a lot of action scenes with the characters fighting mock-battles (no blood or anything like that so its not too violent for kids, though) and just a lot of action in general. The moving platform stage was incredible and I loved the fact that the projections were able to completely change the scenery. The characters went from being on a ship to the jungle to climbing a frozen ice cliff. It was quite a journey. As other reviewers have mentioned, this one has more of a plot than many of the others so you also get a nice warm and fuzzy feeling from the happy ending. . . Like all of Cirque Du Soleil shows, it is a little difficult to explain why KA is so great. You just have to see it for yourself!
The best Cirque Du Soleil show I have experienced yet! Exciting actions throughout the show with a very clear storyline. I was very impressed with the mixture of music, acrobatic movements, acting. I would watch again and again! If you like action, fire and Cirque, this is the show for you.
AMAZING!  My boyfriend and I went last December and I was as excited as can be!. . I purchased our tickets through ticketmaster.  The MGM Grand seating is huge and so is the stage that I think even if you purchase the cheapest tickets you will still have a nice view of the show.   I noted that to myself because I purchased the more expensive tickets in fear that I might not be able to enjoy the show due to the seating arrangements.. . We love cirque du soleil.  Next time we're in Vegas we are going to watch another show.
My husband and I went to see KA in October 2012. I couldn't be more happier watching this show. My husband took me here to witness the best show on earth. At the time, he was my boyfriend *:) so maybe we was trying to impress me too *:) so it worked! Amazing! I thought they're just so talented,  performing on a rotating plate. What an amazing show. I saw a Cirque du Soleil show in NY before but KA is better than that. Two thumbs-up, awesome! You guys are the best! Thank You all!
A great show with a lot of action and effects that help immerse you in the environment.. . The acrobatics are pretty amazing!  The way they make use of the wall, various angles, and the very tall drops is great.  It's a bit of a mix between an action adventure story and a drama.  The action is also all around you.  I would sit part way back (but still in the front section), which will allow you to see the guys on the rafters, walking in the aisles, etc.... . To immerse you in the environment, I noticed they also have some speakers in the headrest of the seats.  Additionally, they have acrobats in the walkways, swinging over the audience, and walking through the aisles.. . Overall... an amazing show!
The Michelin Guide, which awards the incredibly coveted Michelin Stars to the very best restaurants defines its highest award of three stars as an experience that is "exceptional... worth a special journey." . . I cannot think of a better way to describe KA. It is worth a trip to Las Vegas just to see it. Fly in, get a hotel room, and see this show. If you don't gamble, don't drink a single drink, and travel to and form the show blindfolded so you see nothing else, you'll have spent your money well.. . I could describe the show, but words fail. They don't do it justice. They took a permanent space and used it to create a show that couldn't be anywhere else. So go see it, already. . . Oh, and don't forget your glasses at home like I did.
AMAZING... cant believe that people get to do that for work every day. SO JAW DROPPING! GO GO GO GO... and every cirque show is different from different parts of the theater so seeing it more than once is AWESOME! You get a whole different perspective!
This was my first Cirque du Soleil show and as a touring audio guy who lives and breathes live production i was IMPRESSED! If your in Vegas you must see KA. The whole experience was amazing from walking into the theater, to the staff helping you find your seats, and of course the show. Side note, the drinks are HUGE(20+oz), so plan on not walking back to your hotel, just find a place to eat after the show. I can't wait to take my wife to see KA and all the other Cirque shows.
Of all of the live performance pieces I have seen, which range from The Nutcracker ballet, to Riverdance, Cirque de Soliel's Ka is by far my favorite! I didn't want to blink because I was afraid of missing too much! Now I wanna see the rest of the Cirque shows in order to compare and pick my favorite!
We absolutely loved it ! We were seated in the 10th row, right in the middle. Perfect spot. We could see every detail. . . The plot of the story was nice, it was like watching a play but agremented with amazing and awesome acrobatics. Also, there is a live band in the show, you can see them in some of the scenes. . . The stage itself was incredible: It is a a geniously gigantic, rotating platform that moves and switches sides so that sometimes you get to see the action like you were above it. All this with amazing projections synchronized perfectly with the movement of the acrobats, like they were walking in water.. . We would go back for sure.
This was the first Cirque show that I saw, so it will always be the one I compare all others to. It's my favorite Cirque show, and I plan to see it many more times.. . The first noticeable thing is the moving platform stage. The engineering to do this must have been a feat within itself.. . Unlike other Cirque show, this one is less abstract and more theatrical with a followable story.. . My two favorite characters is the black guy (I would get his autograph if I could), and the young main villain (if you're into anime, he looks like Orochimaru).. . On a final note, the live band is awesome. The music and sound score is the best.
The best Cirque I've been to!  The stage was spectacular and the performers were amazing. Such on the edge of your seat performances that I was grasping my husband's arm at times in fear that someone would lose a life or a limb.. . We loved it!
Absolute magic. The best show I've seen in Vegas.. . I don't know how anyone could not like this show unless they are too stupid to understand a fully unsubtle plot.
Overall rating is more like 4.5 stars out of 5.. . The show was an amazing experience. I mean immediately when you walk in you can tell based on the ambiance and atmosphere of the theater that an excellent show is going to be put on.. . One thing that I do believe needs to be addressed is the age limit of the attendees. Typically my wife and I have to deal with our seat location but this time was different. We booked a week in advance and we decided to shell out the extra mula for better seats (I'll give a little more insight on the seats after my age limit rant).. . So here it goes.. . Ok, so seating wasn't an issue for my wife and I for this occasion because we had good seats and could see the stage perfectly. However, this time around there were four seats behind us that held two older gentleman and two younger boys (One probably 4 or 5 and the other maybe 8 or 9 and before you call me evil hear me out). Now I don't have any issues bringing the younger folks to the show but when you have explain to them every five to ten minutes what's going on then I'm pretty sure this isn't a show for them. Also the younger one wouldn't stop talking, kicking our chairs, and smacking on popcorn like he has never had anything to eat. All of those distractions caused us to miss parts or the show (We paid a lot of money for the tickets I would like to get my moneys worth). Thus part of the reason I gave an overall rating of 4.5.. . Ok now that the rant is over back to the actual performance. The theatrics were awesome and the stunts executed perfectly. You could tell that the people performing practiced hard because their timing with the performances were spot on. However, sometimes the scenes can seem a bit chaotic and over the place but not to the point where you don't understand the story they are portraying.. . Now as for details on the seating that I mentioned earlier. Be careful not to get the closest seats in the theater because can cause for a very awkward viewing because you are right up on the stage.. . In the end this show is a must see if you are ever in Vegas.
This was my first Cirque show and it was just mind blowing! I loved it! I was seated in section 201 and I was glad! We were up high enough that I didn't have to strain my neck to look above or behind me like closer rows would have. We could still feel the heat from the flames and the chill from the snow! It's an amazing experience and worth the ticket price!
Saw this show on a recent trip to Vegas with my mom.  Now, I have seen a lot of Cirque shows before (O, Zarkana, Mystere, Zumanity, etc.)  and this is by far one of my favorites!  It has an easy to follow story line, lots going on all around you, and the performers do an awesome job.  My mom and I had 14th row center seats, and really I think I could have sat about anywhere (except upfront) and had an amazing view.  The theater was comfortable, and the seats had speakers in the headrests - which was super cool.  Overall, an awesome show!
Ka is my favorite Cirque show that I've seen. The stage, theather, and costumeswere impressive. I enjoyed the story line and beautiful acrobatics. It was captivating and I was in awe. I've also seen O, Iris, Zumanity, Elvis, and LOVE. Ka definitely stands out as my favorite. I highly recommend this show.
So I was getting my hair cut today at "The Barbers" in Sherwood, OR., and as usual I was chatting up my super friendly and Ubber-nice Lady Barber and she told me she was going to Vegas next week.  I told her I had been in Vegas for 4 to 5 months a few years ago for a job and got an insiders look at the town!  I asked her if she had ever seen any "Cirque" shows (I went to them ALL) and she said they were booked for one but couldn't remember the name of it.  Only that it was at the MGM Grand..... "KAAAAAaaaaaaaaa" I said whistfully... "THATS IT!!" and she squealed as I said it was the best of the bunch.  I explained that the best actor on the stage is the stage itself.  I explained that when "NASA" came to see the show they requested to watch it from underneath so the could see the Hydraulics involved.... But that ain't ALL....  The Boat, the giant flying machine, the arrows shot on the stage...  The story is kinda "Corney", but It's ALL brilliant stuff!!  From what I understand, the French Canadian "Cirque Folk" are in the process of design and concept of ANOTHER "KA 2" show with its own theater there at the Grand..  I HOPE so!!  Good GAWD how I would love to be involved on THAT project!!  Don't miss it Pilgrims!!!  Give up gambling for a week if you have to, but GO!!!! I saw it THREE times..  Couldn't recommend an event higher!!
I have seen a ton of Vegas shows and this is hands down the best.  I don't need to say much, excellent all the way around. Great theater, lighting, actors, props and staging. GO SEE IT!!!!
An absolutely amazing show!   The stage is alive!  The acts and performers are amazing!  This is a must see when you are in Vegas!  I can't wait to see it again!
The set for this show is worth the price of admission. It makes Broadway look like they aren't even trying.  I was fighting falling asleep from jet lag during the entire show (damn the Enya-style music!), but I still found the stunts amazing. The plot, I could take or leave.  Who cares? I was there for the acrobatics. The moving stage that rotates every which way using a fantastic steampunk-style industrial-looking contraption is jaw-dropping incredible. And they use that stage to amazing effect.
Set in the MGM Grand, this has to be one of the best Cirque du Soleil shows that I have ever seen. I was quite worried about the auditorium style seating, but it wasn't an issue. . . Because I don't want to give away any of the story lines, I just want to say that it's a truly beautiful story about courage, love, loyalty, and selflessness. It's a real tear-jerker at a couple of points, but it also leaves you with a couple of laughs as well. . . The lighting, effects, and acrobatics in this show is just spectacular. My jaw was dropped the whole time. I heard that this is one of the pricier shows on the strip, but it is definitely worth your money and your time.
A lot of action, great story, amazing stunts.  This is one I will go back to again and again.
First Cirque Du Soleil and was very impressed! We booked tickets about a month in advance and unfortunately they had an accident. The show was cancelled for a week or so and we were afraid we wouldn't be able to catch it. . MGM did call us the day before and notified that all 9:30pm shows were still cancelled, but the 7pm was on! . . We saw the first show since the incident and the crowd gave a standing ovation before the show started, which we thought was a great gesture. . . - stage was awesome!. - story line was interesting. - costumes were great. . Great memories! Thank you KA!
The inside of the theater is magnificent! This was an absolutely AMAZING show. The only thing I regret is not purchasing seats in the front row. I commend these people for their hard work and the effort they put into creating such greatness. I do find it appalling that people attend the theater in t-shirts and shorts. Really?! Come on people have some respect. These people almost kill themselves for our amusement, the least we can do is put on a nice shirt (men), a dress or something tasteful (ladies). Seriously. And for the record someone has died creating this show. May God rest her soul.
By far my favorite show in Vegas so far. I really enjoyed my experience at the show. Well worth the money spent. I strongly encourage you go see this show! I've seen KA and Love, which are the two most popular cirque shows in Vegas and I can honestly say I enjoyed KA much more than Love. The acrobatics are phenomenal. A definite must see while you're in Vegas. You will not be disappointed.
I have seen several Cirque shows, and was excited to Ka.  I had high expectations, and Ka exceeded them! The wall used during the show was the most amazing thing I've seen in a Cirque show - very cool! As always, the performances music are fantastic- loved it!!!!
first cirque show living in vegas after 2 years, and the performance was amazing! the things a human body can do is incredible, the stage was pretty intresting/awesome in itself... i wont give out any spoilers but worth seeing if youre in town!
Took the family to our first Cirque show. Didn't see it before the accident   We were all amazed.  I felt like we got more than our money's worth out of the show. The kids still are talking about it. Would pay to see it again.
A jaw-dropping production. Stunning everything: from makeup, to the infamous rotating stage, to the music. One of their absolute classics. I do need to ad that I have seen KA in February 2013 (before the accident), so the ending I have seen was the original one and, therefore, from what I am reading, the one that made more sense and was more climactic. . . Bonus:. If you want to follow what's going on better, read-up about the story before you come see the show. . In my opinion, center-and-a-little-back seating is the best to view more of the show from, but the beautiful thing about KA (the production and theater) is that the show is going on all around you from the moment you step into the theater. There is not a dull moment or person there. . . Cirque provides a very atmospheric backdrop. It is an immersive experience unlike anything I attended before. It was not my first Cirque du Soleil show, but, so far, the best and the most impressive.
Great performance,  but intense,  ,  Had a movable stage that went straight up vertical.  The performers did incredible acrobat took some risks as it looks.   It was at the MGM Grand hotel on the strip.  We took the Monorail to get there since it was a long walk and  we didnt have a rental car that day.  Ka has a  meaning of  Fire in Japanese Philosophy and buddhism,.  I think thats where they got the theme from. as I lived in Japan as a kid.   Someof the performers looked somewhat like Ninja warriors of the old Samurai days , and others like Ghengis Khan of the old . Mongolian empire.
Wow.. this was quite a show. Granted I've only seen Mystere and Zumanity. This was quite the spectacle. We were sitting 7 rows from the stay (I debated all kinds of areas before making this decision). I am glad that  didn't sit in the front row because there are aerial displays that would have been too hard to see as the performance does reach out to the stage. You could still sit in the first few rows of the 200s sections and still have a really good view. The rotating stage they had was off the charts. The whole arena was just immaculate. The whole show was exciting except for the ending. I heard the ending was changed due to the incident they had recently. I was able to great deals on these tickets just from looking at their website. Definitely would recommend this show.
This show was amazing, visually and entertaining. First of all the seating is awesome, there is no seat that's bad here. I can't even explain how crazy the walls move and how everything switches around.  The storyline was pretty easy to follow. This isn't your ordinary trapeze artists and circus performers. This is a show that entertains your eyes, mind, and shall I say it your soul. . . GO WATCH THIS SHOW!
This is my 3rd Cirque du Soleil show & I have to say KA is the best I've seen out of the 3. I actually liked this a lot better than Zarkana (the newest cirque show at Aria). . Currently, Cirque du Soleil is having a discount on tickets for their 20th anniversary celebration. I was a bit skeptical about choosing this over Mystere 'cause of the reviews on here, but I'm glad we chose KA! Originally we were going to get seats close up, but again I did my research and a lot of ppl said to get seats further back. We got seats in section 202 Row GG seats 15-18 (smack dab in the middle!) We had a great view of the entire stage. It's true, it's better to sit further back (Row AA is the best) 'cause the stage continuously moves/flips and is really big.. . I enjoyed KA 'cause it actually had a story line and it follows through in the show. I liked the theme/decoration of the theater as well in comparison to Zarkana. I'm not sure what other reviewers were saying, but there was plenty of acrobats in KA. We saw the 9:30 show and it kept me awake and entertained whereas Zarkana I fell asleep halfway through lol. The props and everything were really beautiful, highly recommend this production to be seen as your first Cirque du Soleil show. It's affordable for Vegas!. . There are lots of funny/cute moments in the show as well. I enjoyed the music a lot too
I've seen Varekai, O, and Ka but KA is my favorite! (Varekai is a close 2nd though!). . General. -Performed at Ka Theatre in MGM Grand. -Interacive extras before the show by the entrance. They're all dressedup so it's a great photo opp with them and to remember the night!. . +KA is super action-packed and has lots of Asian martial arts features compared to the other shows. It was my boyfriend's first cirque du soleil so I knew I had to show him KA to ease him into shows and he loved it. :). +The story line has sad parts, romance, and happy ending! I thoroughly enjoyed it!. +During the show, performers run down the aisle where the audiences are seated or they fly above the audiences to make it more interactive. Makes you feel like you're part of the show! So awesome.. +The KA theatre itself is total WOW-factor. The stage can rotate 90 degrees! So the huge flat stage that the performers were standing on revolves 90 degrees and becomes one giant floating wall (Well, in actuality it's held by several strong giant shaft or pole). This scene is actually my favorite part from the whole performance!. . -When you watch Ka, I actually suggest to get seats in the back. The martial arts stuff looked so badass and cool from far away but this time around, i bought a seat close to the front and I actually saw in detail how soft the actual props were or how soft the performers were hitting each other and stuff. Less dramatic for sure so it was kinda disappointing to sit near the front. :(. . All in all, I totally recommend everyone to watch Ka if you're Cirque Du Soleil fan. Just make sure to purchase a ticket with seatings in the back and bring binoculars if anything. :D
The show started off kind of slow. I was a little worried that the rest of the show would be the same way but it picked up very quickly and became one of the best cirque shows I've been to! (I've seen O and Totem) I think our seats were around the 7th or 8th row and the view was awesome. The fight scenes were timed so perfectly and I was in awe for most of those scenes. One reason I probably didn't like O as much was because our seats were very far back so the stage/acrobatics didn't look as impressive. I would highly recommend this show to everyone and I would definitely go again if I get the chance!
We saw KA on 10/30 and it was a beautiful display of artistry and acrobatics! The story line is very great with some laughs and quite a few gasps! The ending is hard to understand as it just takes a quick turn of good beats evil which left my party confused. Still a great show and would recommend it. You really can't beat the price as any seat in the house even those in the back offer a great view!
WOW! WOW! WOW! This show was just amazing! I was a little hesitant since I know they had to modify parts, due to the tragedy that happened a few months ago. I am so glad we went! I have seen two touring cirque shows (Quidam and Corteo) and we also saw Zumanity while in Vegas. This one went above and beyond. It took my breath away. The whole experience was great from start to finish.
YOU DEFINITELY GET YOUR $$ WORTH . . I was researching my first Cirque Du Soleil show and wanted to get every pennies worth.  I was recommended by my fellow co-workers and they definitely told me to check out Ka, Zumanity, and Le Reve.  Decided to check out Ka as my first show out of the three.. . Employee Discount. Check.! . . Tip for thought: Best seats are in the Front! . . Tickets in hand and the feeling of excitement just go through your head before entering the doors.  . . First thing you see is the Dragon statue and their photographers greeting you to take your picture.  Alas, I see the bar and decided to pick up some drinks to get turnt up and ready to enjoy! They have a good sized Ka Theatre cup that are great souvenirs.  Once you get in the actual theatre it just amazes you how spacious it is making your eyes wander all over the place. .  The Show:. . Great introduction and storyline that keeps wanting to know what happens every second. . The Choreography is simply Extraordinary and its all the reviews say it is with combinations of dances, acrobatics, martial-arts with breathe taking stunts all on a stage that does it all which puts you on the edge of your seat.  You will notice the hours and hours of hard work each character puts in to the show.  . . All in All, this is one of the best shows I've seen and can't wait to watch other Cirque Du Soleil shows.  So what are you waiting for? Surprise your significant other and go see this show.!
Seriously, this is the best Cirque du Soleil show ever!!! Granted, I haven't seen "O" yet, but KA is certainly the most exiting show I've seen in the long-running acrobatics series. KA combines awesome choreographed martial arts with an exciting storyline, and is set in a fantasy world where good combats evil. The moving/tilting platform is a wonder on the stage as combatants fight across, over, and under the ever-moving platform. The music is also wonderful, and only the term, "epic" can describe the experience of this stage masterpiece. Reward yourself and watch this wonderful show!
This is my first time seeing Ka by Cirque, and it was a fantastic experience.  I was able to get seats in one of the front sections, about 10 rows back on a Saturday evening.  I'm actually a bit surprised, but the theatre appeared to be about half empty.. . Anyway, the show was awesome.  I really enjoy Cirque shows.  In the past, I have seen Mystere and Totem (not in Vegas).  Every Cirque show is different, and it is unfair to compare them, because they are so different and unique.  Ka has an amazing theatre at the MGM Grand, and the show has some dark parts and some happy moments.  . . The acrobatics, effects, and acts will amaze you.  I really don't think there is much elseto share, because you should experience it for yourself.  . . Cirque is one of those shows, that I feel bad about spending $150 or more per ticket when I purchase it; however, after the show, I totally forget about the money and realize it was 100% worth it.
This is my favorite show along with O.  I've seen about 6 shows in Vegas and this one takes the cake.  The stage is definitely the show.  I didn't quite understand the 'story', but I just came to watch the spectacle.
It really gets 4.5 stars. First, this show is incredible. Great story, great fight scenes, awesome stage set up and changes, great acrobatic production. I brought the cheap seats in middle and was totally OK with that because I got to see the performers in the audience and I had a great view of the whole stage. The cutest scene was the shadow puppet bit. . . I did read the other reviews before the show about the 'accident' and was still thrown off with the CGI performance. I really think they should come up with a less dangerous live alternative instead of the CGI. Like other reviews stated it, cheapen the show. With that said, in the end, I wanted to bring everyone I knew to this show. The scene transitions are incredible.
Wah!  My favorite Cirque Du Soleil show!  I saw this show again this past weekend with my boyfriend who has never seen the show.  I do not recommend seeing this show until they restore the final battle scene.. . Because of the recent accident, the final battle scene was replaced with a video.  The video is blurry and you don't really get what's going on.  I had to explain what was going to my boyfriend.  I love this show, but its really not worth seeing until they can restore the final battle scene.  . . Seating:  Get a seat in the center.  I prefer seating in the back for this show.  This way, you can really see everything going on.. . Tickets:  Buy the tickets on the cirque du soleil website.  They usually have a deal going on.  I've seen many cirque  du solleil show and I always buy  the tickets on their website.  I have always been able to find a coupon code that makes the tickets way cheaper.  . . Show: This is my favorite cirque du soleil show bc it has a storyline.  The other CDS shows are a combination of acts.  This show is about the separation of twins, how they grow up and find each other again.  The storyline is a little cheesy...but the visual effects of this show is beautiful.. . Thinking about seeing this show?  Do it!  It's really good!
Just read what the comment is from the show and that tells you it all. It's the best show by Cirque so far. I can't imagine how hard it will be to top this Extravaganza. Go go go. It's worth paying full price.  But look around for deals on Groupon, txt4tonite etc.
