If you haven't heard about Citizen yet, you soon will. Old Town's newest treasure has the perfect combination of great location and ambiance, amazing food, a smart beer list and unrivaled cocktails. . . After going twice since the opening some of favorites thus far include:  Lagunitas IPA on tap, Pisco Sour, Turley Zin, Tenderbelly Pork Pastrami Belly Pastrami (a must have), Fair Trade Coffee Charred Short Ribs, and Tenderbelly Pork Tender Loin. . . The staff is friendly, prompt and knowledgeable. Citizen offers a variety of seating options, making it a great neighborhood drop in or perfect setting to impress others on a big night out.
Excellent food, hand crafted cocktails, and personal, attentive service.  We were just in for happy hour.  We bought a gift certificate for $100 and got a $25 certificate as a thank you.  We WILL be coming back.  Check it out!
Great new addition to the Old Town neighborhood. Citizen is versatile -- the perfect place for a romantic date, a small gathering, or for just meeting a buddy for a drink. A place with a great vibe.. . My first impression was that they are intently focused on service quality. Lots of smiling staff to greet you as you enter. Every employee is attentive to every table. Our server was gregarious, accommodating, gracious, and highly proactive. We definitely felt the 'warm and fuzzy' atmosphere.. . They pay attention to the little things -- such as house-made ketchup for your french fries. . . The food: about as good as upscale bar food is going to get. For apps we started with the calamari and the crabcakes. Portions weren't large, but very high quality. The calamari was flash-fried and not greasy, and seemed very fresh. For my entree I had the wagyu burger, which was prepared perfectly and served on a fresh challah bun.. . Overall impression: Citizen will have staying power, unlike many establishments that open in Old Town. The formula is really pretty simple -- offer high quality stuff, equip the place with great staff, and don't go overboard with prices. I'm looking forward to returning!
This weekend I took my girlfriend to Citizen Public House.  Before we were even done with our meal we were already discussing what we wanted to try on our next visit.. . We started with two cocktails.  She had the Bellentini and I had the 1884 Manhattan.  I love Manhattans and this was one of the best that I have had--it was incredibly smooth and flavorful.. . For our appetizer, we split the gorgonzola-emmental mac-n-cheese., and for our main courses we had the Grilled Cheese of the Day and the Fair Trade Coffee Charred Short Ribs.  Everything was incredible--including the service--and we wished we had room for an Irish Coffee and one of the many tempting desserts.
Great food - great asmosphere and wonderful service.  Trendy and fun!  I keep telling my friends about it and they have all loved it too!  Will be going back a lot I'm sure!
If being a good public citizen means I get to eat at a restaurant like Citizen Public House, then I vow never to roll through a stop sign again! . . I had the chance to check out Citizen Public House for dinner last night and was eager to take a bite into the culinary adventures of Chef Bernie and pastry delights of Tracy Dempsey. We arrived to enter a cozy atmosphere full of energy from the group of guests enjoying their meals. The setting here is simple but simple does the trick because the food and drinks are excellent. . . We started with cocktails and an appetizer. I was told the coconut drink (I'm blanking on the name) was like a vacation in your mouth and considering that I've got the tropical itch, I opted for that immediately. They warned me it was a stiff drunk, but I had no idea how stiff they really meant! Let me just put it this way, if you are looking for a cocktail that will do the drink for the entire meal, this is your drink. I didn't need another after just this one! . . Moving on to the food now! We started with a bar snack appetizer of Kilt Lifter fondue with sausage, pears and bread. It was a perfect snack to get our appetites moving and munch on the food while we waited for out entrees. The pears and fondue were an interesting combination but it grows on you after awhile. Apparently, I was feeling cheesy that night because for my entree, I went for the Grilled Halloumi Cheese which is on Serbian lepijna bread, with chickpea puree, pickles, Campari tomato, tender greens, tahini. I liked to think of it as a grown up's grilled cheese. Although it didn't have any meat in it, the sandwich was hearty and satisfying enough that it didn't need any. I had a taste of the Smart Chicken and that was excellent as well! . . To end the good citizen meal, we had to try a Tracy Dempsey desert because how could you pass up one of these delicacies! We were told that the Chocolate Toffee Bread Pudding is a must for chocolate lovers. They weren't kidding! The dessert was delicious and just the right amount of sweet to end the meal. . . I like Citizen Public House because it isn't pretentious and while it's in the heart of Old Town, it doesn't have the Old Town scene vibe. It's perfect for an evening of good good and tasty cocktails in a comfortable setting. . . I can't wait to visit again!
Went for a Valentines dinner and was dazzled. Great food great service. 2 cocktails, one appetizer, 2 entrees, 2 glasses of wine, and dessert for $140. Very reasonable.
Heard about this place from a friend and really wanted to try it out. To start out, the service was impeccable. I have a dairy allergy and Gina, our server, went above and beyond to accommodate me.  She even made my wife a special mocktail since she is pregnant.  The atmosphere is great- very comfortable.  The food was also excellent. We started with the chopped salad, which is the classic Cowboy Ciao chopped salad you could never go wrong with. I followed this with the chicken which was cooked to perfection with a risotto side.  My wife had the grilled cheese which she enjoyed (though not her favorite).  All in all, the five stars goes for the atmosphere, drink menu and service and good food....
Rich the magic man masterfully mixing the most mesmerizing manhattans, mai-tais, and mystical momentos of what will be a good evening for any manner of person.  I can only say that I only viewed the barrage of creativity displayed by all the mixologists on hand to stimulate our curiousity and to address our needs.  This place is not only offering an atmosphere that is warmed by its staff, it is offering a place that you can be guaranteed will appeal to all types of people because it is fantastically delicious! The menu is thoughtful.  No item seems misplaced and all is prepared matching seasonings with meats and veggies that are not always naturally paired.  I love the lamb meatballs with tzatziki sauce.  And who does ribs in a deep fried cherry BBQ sauce?  Where can you find a succulent lamb burger?  I mean these guys are even making their own ketchup.  You have to try the bread pudding too...don't play... it comes fondue style!  . . When I feel comfortable about the potential of a place to accommodate my discerning appetite, I usually ask about Cinzano and Campari.  I have often been disappointed, needless to say, by the absence of one or the other.  Rich actually one upped me.  He offered alternatively Compano Antica sweet vermouth.  I have never smelled such a great scent on a vermouth.  Wow.  I love it that we could speak the same language!. . If you are looking for a traditional public house where you see the gang everyday after work, I think you'll be disappointed.  It is more of a special place to slip away with a new date, or a bunch of new friends, or to show off your town to loved ones visiting. It is special enough to add just the right flavour to Fifth Ave.  Cheers!
A great restaurant and bar with a trendy assortment of foods and drinks ranging from the rosemary roasted nuts to the bacon fat infused pop corn.  The service at this place is first rate.  The employees know their dishes and their drinks.  The location is smack dab in the heart of Old Scottsdale.. . A fine selection of beers, hard liquor, energy drinks, etc.  . . A great choice!
Citizen Public House is one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale. Everything is cooked perfectly. The ambiance and service are also excellent! All this at very very reasonable pricing.  it is worth mentioning that the drinks are great here too!. . I know it did not originate here, but this was the first place i had the "original" chopped salad. While it did not quite blow me away, it is different and delicious. . . Over the course of my business trip, i was able to try most of the entrees here . I had the wagyu burger, the filet, tenderloin, and also the short ribs. . . If it is your first time here, i would start with the chopped salad and the pork belly pastrami and choose the filet or short ribs as your entree. . . Everything is good here though! The burger is excellent too!. . stop reading and make that reservation!
If there was an option for 6 stars, I'd give it. This place is beyond great; from atmosphere and service, to drinks and food.. .  I have been meaning to write about Citizen's for a month now. I find that it's a breath of fresh air in a field of farts. Old Town had become so....well, old and it leaves a lot to be desired in the way of "classy joints". This is a perfect marriage of class and fun; I'd say laid back elegance, if you will.. . The interior decor is such a drastic difference from the old Club "Next". It's sleek, modern yet comfortable, great bar space and patio and even rooms for private parties. I love the fresh flowers and candles. . . I went with a girlfriend of mine and we sat at the bar. We started off with two specialty cocktails. I don't recall the names but one had cucumber and the other had freshly brewed tea in it. They were complex, fresh and most importantly, STRONG. Richie the bar manager took great care of us. He created their drink menu which is accessible but exotic. He is super knowledgeable and friendly. 2 things you need in a bartender. He's easy on the eyes too, so that helps.. . For dinner, we shared the pork belly pastrami appetizer, chopped salad and scallops entree. Everything from start to finish was fantastic-you could taste and see Chef Bernie's influence in every dish. Complex flavors yet still had a comfort food feel, which I loved. At the end of the meal, Chef Bernie came out and talked to us. We saw him talking to every table and spending some time with all the guests which is pretty impressive, considering we went within the first two weeks they opened. He is a goddamn genius. Also, easy on the eyes.... . At the end of the meal, I went to the bathroom and may have had too much to drink because I dropped my phone in the toilet. Richie offered me his extra cell phone for a few days until I got a new one. Now THAT'S service! . . This place is awesome and you can't help but love and support two of the coolest dudes doing some innovative things with food and booze. Go support your local rock stars!
This is going to be the place to go in Old Town.  I had a fantastic time last Saturday.  Thomas was excellent at the bar.  He recommended the Citi-Zen martini, it was perfect, I had two.  We only had appetizers since we had dinner somewhere else, but everything around us looked fantastic.  The couple next to us was visiting from NY and they had the scallops and the chicken, both looked and smell great.  We will definitely be back with some friends.
SO good! Nice little mingle spot and good food with pleasant service! All around- GO! :)
Looking for a place in Scottsdale open late, my friend and I were very surprised to stroll into CPH at 9 pm and find a very classy place. As we were seated, we had this nagging feeling that we'd look at a menu that was $25 a plate or more. Thankfully, most of the menu was very reasonable, especially considering the quality of the food, which I'll get into later.. . The service was downright flawless. I wish I remembered the name of my waitress, because she was probably the most attentive waitress I've had in years. The atmosphere is classy, very white and black. However, the indie rock playing on the restaurant speakers reassured me that this was a place that was also comfortable with being casual as well, a juxtaposition that I am sure only exists in the state of Arizona.. . Now, to the food. I wasn't in an appetizer mood, so I went right in with the Wagyu Burger. I am not kidding when I say THIS WAS THE BEST BURGER I HAVE EVER HAD THE PLEASURE OF CONSUMING! I ordered it medium well, as is typical with me and burgers, but with the quality of the meat they used, I should have gone with medium at least in retrospect. Everything in the burger, the bun, the veggies, the cheese, the homemade mayo they had on the side, was flawless. The arugula fries on the side were some of the best fries I've ever had as well, and went amazingly well with their homemade ketchup.. . The cocktails were expensive and didn't contain anything that particularly stood out at me, but I'm sure they're great if you like what's in them. I paired my burger with a Duvel, which is great because I can rarely find that beer anywhere and it went perfectly.. . For dessert, I had the Cookies and Milk since I was feeling pretty full from the burger but still wanted a nice way to cap my evening. What I got was a bag of five of the best cookies I have ever tasted. They came in exotic flavors such as "spicy chocolate fudge" and "apple bacon brittle oatmeal" so if you want to take your sweet tooth on an adventure, I highly recommend it.. . This is quite a place if you're looking for a classy joint to enjoy a few drinks and great food, especially kind of late or on a date. One of the best places in the area, IMO.
Five stars for the cocktails, desserts, and service, four stars for the entrees I've sampled so far and the ambiance.. . Over a total of four visits to CPH, I've sampled five of their cocktails and a number of their appetizers and desserts along with two entrees, met and interacted meaningfully with all three of the owners (including the at least locally-renowned Chef Bernie Kantak, creator of Cowboy Ciao's Stetson Chop Salad [which is recreated here]), and generally thoroughly enjoyed myself on each occasion. . . The space is large enough to accommodate large parties or couples with equal aplomb. I've twice now toured the private upstairs space, and look forward to finding a fitting occasion to fill it with close friends. . . I've had fantastic service upon each of my visits - twice sitting at the bar, once at a Yelp event, and finally for a normal dinner, and feel completely confident in suggesting CPH to the most demanding diner. . . I'll update or edit this review to talk more about the food once I've had the short ribs and the lamb burger. The entrees I've tried thus far (the salmon and the chicken) didn't quite plumb the depths of my soul, and while the appetizers I sampled on other occasions were excellent, I don't remember any of them well enough to cover them in any detail. Hey, it was a busy month! I will say that the salads I've tasted are all amazing and that the bread pudding dessert was an absolute revelation right up there with the one delivered to John on the Isle of Patmos.. . I've saved what I feel to be the best feature of CPH for last: the drinks. I could attempt to describe the feeling of anticipation I felt watching Richie rinse the old fashioned glass in preparation for a sazerac, or the deep happiness the feel of the froth of the pisco sour brings me when it hits my lips, or even the wistful yet satisfied feeling I got when I drained the last drops of the bijou (pronounced bizh-OOOh) from its martini glass, but I won't bore you any further - just go and taste (and *feel*) for yourself.  The wine and beer lists will certainly offer you something you'll love, should your tastes run that way.  . . In sum: good food and great drinks served by lovely people in a nice setting for reasonable prices. Far and away my favorite bar in Old Town.
Super duper place in Historic Downtown! Service was excellent. No one in our party of 7 had  empty drink glasses. Then again, it was Monday night and there were probably only 2 other parties seated. Cheese Fondue was excellent, melty and creamy. I had the grilled cheese of the day. I don't remember what the cheese was, but it had chorizo in it, not just small chunks of it, but slices of it. I am in love with the Grilled Cheese of the Day concept. I would probably order it every time. I had the Korean pear salad to go with it: spicy arugula, pecans, Asian pears with a very light vinegarette. Prices were decent, atmosphere was classy, service was great! I would go back again...except I live in Surprise.
I love going to restaurants where I find myself planning my next visit before I'm even halfway through the meal. With the recent hype on Yelp, I decided to check it out. . . Citizen Public House has a cool vibe; good lighting, a vaulted cieling with dark wood beams, a large open patio, and a bar in the center of the room where all the drink magic happens. I didn't try a cocktail last night, but the drink list looked really good. A lot of classics with a twist. . . Our server was awesome - very helpful and passionate about the restaurant. We decided to share the wagyu burger and the grilled cheese of the day. Both were excellent!They came with pickled vegetables on the side (awesome flavor) and "healthy" fries (if you don't like greasy fries, these are perfect) served with homemade ketchup. They also rotate a sausage dish of the day (interesting combos such as Schreiner's sausage chorizo corn dogs). . . I'm excited to go back to try entrees and drinks. Yay for CPH!
Citizen Public House is simply amazing!  I went there last night with a friend and we loved it!  Cool place with a great vibe.  . . I normally drink red wine when I go out but last night I decided to step out of my comfort zone (thanks to one very knowledgeable and helpful bartender) and try a cocktail.  Thank goodness I did!  The Moe'scow Mule was fantastic and exactly what I wanted.  I told him I didn't like sweet drinks and he picked the right one for me.  Vodka, ginger beer, lime and cucumber.  It  was refreshing and delightful.  . . Next up comes some little samplings of their flavored tequila courtesy of that same bartender. Now that is what I call great service!  I actually don't like tequila but these were actually decent.  . . Choosing what to order for din din was difficult because everything sounded great!  I decided to go for the AZ BLT which had bacon, Campari tomato, and greens all on caramelized French bread with some sort of mayo heaven on it.  O-M-G!  It was by far the most delicious, perfect BLT I have ever had!  Seriously....I couldn't get enough. . . After dinner, Richie the Mixologist came over to us and my friend asked about a Bananas Foster drink she had over at the old Estate House.  Richie said he would make us HIS Bananas Foster drink to see what we thought.  Next thing you know he is lighting things on fire with a blow torch and mixing it all up.  Wow!  Quite a show and the finished product was heaven.  The perfect ending to a wonderful experience.. . The staff is very knowledgeable and passionate about their restaurant and it shows.  So warm and welcoming!  Citizen Public House is a diner's dream and I can't wait to go back to try everything else on the menu.  If you haven't been, you are truly missing out!!!
The best beer I've ever had in my life, I just had at Citizen Public House!  Sitting at the massive bar in the center of the restaurant, the bartender was very gracious in offering tasting pours for the unfamiliar selection of microbrews they had on tap.  It was in this manner that I discovered Lagunitas IPA - on draft, and so deliciously hoppy, fruity, and refreshing I am determined to find it back home in Texas!  . . While sitting at the bar, I had a chance to pore over their menu, which sounded A-MA-ZING.  Each dish was very thoughtfully laid out with amazing-sounding garnishes for each protein.  The prices were appropriate for the high-end cuisine, ranging from $13 for a Waygu burger to $32 for a porcini-dusted filet.  I can't really comment further, since I had dinner reservations down the street and sadly couldn't stay.. . The atmosphere was very cool and contemporary, very open.  It is definitely more of a restaurant than a "pub".  For a Friday night, it didn't seem that busy, which is a plus if you waited too long to make a reservation anywhere.. . This will be my first meal whenever I return to Scottsdale!
On our way out of town, my wife and I stopped by Citizen Public House for dinner. What a wonderful end to our trip. A true high note. We only had an hour to eat before our plane left so we quickly ordered the legendary Chop Salad and 2 hot dogs (they were a special on the menu that night). The salad is famous for a reason. It's phenomenal. And the hot dogs? Crazy good. Just great attention to detail in every aspect of the experience (including the great music mix on the stereo). Our server (Dina? Gina?Sorry) was all class and good humor and very knowledgable. At the end of the meal Bernie, the chef and owner, came out to say hi. We probably freaked him out with our excitement level but it was all genuine. We live in the SF Bay Area, a mecca for food, but I would I would gladly trade a few artisanal pizza joints for a Citizen in our neighborhood. Here's wishing them all the best with their impressive new venture.
I have gone here 3 times during my work trip to Phoenix.  . . The first night, started with the Original Chopped Salad, followed by the Filet Mignon, and finished with Strawberry Poundcake.  Salad was very good with a great pallet of different flavors.  The steak was perfectly cooked and paired with the potatoes and greens was phenomenal.  The poundcake was ok... nothing too special.. . The second night, I started again with the Original Chopped Salad, followed by the Wagyu burger.  Once again, the salad satisfied my craving created after I had it the first night.  The wagyu burger was cooked as perfectly as the steak.  The fries were fresh with a slight crisp.. . The third time I went was during lunch.  Again, decided to get the Chopped Salad.  Shared the crabcakes with a buddy.  And had the Wagyu burger again.  The salad again was great.  Crabcakes are a bit on rich side for my taste.  The wagyu burger was awesome.  The fries were a bit stale.. . All in all, great restaurant and would definitely go back.  . . Recommend: The Original Chopped Salad, Filet Mignon, and Wagyu burger.
Cute and fancy. Cocktails, wine, and selection of foods topped off the day.. . The wide availability of pork bellies reminded me of Houston grade food  institutes, but it kept a very Northern Californian vibe and soul over all.. . I hadn't seen this venue included in the "places to get cocktails" circuits yet, but it would place well in that categorical.
This was as good a meal as I've had in quite a while, and that includes places like New York and San Francisco.  The food is exciting and delicious--no tired old dishes that you've had elsewhere.  The service was up-beat and cheerful.  And the food came surprisingly fast.  The restaurant is beautiful and not particularly noisy, even at the height of the dinner hour on Saturday.  I was surprised to be able to get a reservation for such a good place at the last minute, but maybe they had a cancellation.   We picked it entirely based on Yelp reviews.. . We were a party of four and had the following:. . 1. Rosemary roasted nuts.  A bargain at $5, you get a large quantity of roasted nuts, warm and elegantly served.  One serving was plenty for 4.. . 2. 'Tender Belly' bacon fat heirloom popcorn.  Another $5 bargain.  Popcorn like you've never tasted anywhere else.  . . 3. Crispy Squid. $9.  A pile of lightly-fried squid and a light, delicious dipping sauce.  The pickled fennel on the side is amazing.. . 4. Mirliton Chopped Salad.   $12.  I seldom like salads, and most are nothing to write home about, but this one was a delightful mix of flavors and textures--including popcorn.  I only used half the dressing they give you because I wanted to taste the ingredients, and that was the right call.  Start out with half and add more of you really need it.. . 5. For my main course Ihad the Fair Trade Coffee Charred Short Ribs  $28   The meat was pretty much perfect--crispy on the outside, tender inside.  The parsnip puree and greens were to die for.  No kidding.. . 6. My wife (and one other person) had the Pan Seared Scottish Salmon.  $26.  She asked for it rare, and it came perfectly rare, though still crisp on the outside.  I had a bite and it was delicious.  There were plenty of delicious beets to go with it, so I had a few of those, and loved every bite.. . 7.  One person in our party had the Pan Seared Scallops.  $17.  They were large and seared to perfection.  The side dishes were delicious, like everything else.. . 8  We've been trying to stay off deserts, but couldn't resist, so we ordered one of each of the four:  Irish Coffee Pot de Creme  $10.  This came in two layers--the chocolate at the bottom and the cream on top, with an embedded wafer.  One of the best I've had.  The Strawberry Pound Cake. $9.  I'm not a fan of strawberries or pound cake, but this was ordered by someone else and I had a taste and thought it was pretty good anyway.  "Pig in the Orchard" Bread Pudding.   $9.  My wife and I had jokingly said ahead of time that if there was a desert that used bacon, we'd order it, so we had to order this when we saw the desert menu.  It was unusual and amazing.  Just goes to show there's no dish that can't be made better by addition bacon fat to it.  Finally, we had the Cookies and Milk.  $6.  There were several cookies served in a paper bag with a glass of milk.  We only tried one, being full by then, and that one was quite unusual and delicious.  We took the rest with us and we'll find out tomorrow, but I have every confidence they'll be great.. . Oh, yes, I ordered a Moscow Mule as a drink and it was pretty much perfect:  Served in a metal mug (as it's supposed to be, but seldom is nowadays), it  was made with real ginger beer (not ginger ale) and came with slices of cucumber in the mug.  Surprising attention to detail for a $10 drink.. . Everything was carefully prepared and beautifully presented,  The staff was responsive and upbeat without being obsequious.  Everyone seemed genuinely proud of the restaurant, and with good reason.  I've spent a lot more money on meals coast-to-coast, and can't remember when I've had as good a meal, as pleasant a dining experience or as great a value.  I'm anxious to go back and try some of the dishes on the menu that we missed this time, and will certainly go back in my next visit to the Phoenix area.
Visited this restaurant in mid-March 2011 on my last trip to AZ.  By far, the best restaurant I've been to in a long time.. . The hostess was friendly when we arrived - when we were informed that our table wasn't quite ready, she took us to the bar for some drinks and went and started putting the table together herself.. . The bartender was great - very courteous and knowledgeable about the menu.  Also, thanks for the recommendation about the Lagunitas IPA - great beer!  I'm also a fan of any place that has Tito's vodka on the menu! :). . The service at our table was impeccable - relaxed yet attentive and extremely knowledgeable about every item on the menu.. . The menu selection was great...amazing ingredients assembled in some very unique ways.  I had the lamb burger and it was incredible - first one I'd had and opened my eyes to some new culinary options!  Wasn't a big fan of the "house made ketchup," but not a big deal at all.. . If you're in the Scottsdale area, I highly recommend checking out CPH.
I have beeen wanting to try CPH for months, eyeing the menu online and waiting patiently toindulge. So when I finally did my expectations were exceeded. This place does not disappoint; from the friendly and professional service, classy yet laid back ambiance, and the more than amazing food. Theyalso have unique hand crafted cocktails and a well selected beer and wine list.. . I really enjoyed the crabake starter which had a great, fresh taste and a delicious slaw. The Kiltlifter cheese fondue was perfect to mingle with the sausage, bread, and pears. The short ribs are out of this world good along with the parsnip puree. The "Tender Belly" pork loin was as promised, very tender and served with a sweet potato spatzle, goat cheese, and fig and mustard sauce that made me feel all good inside. You can tell that all of the dishes are well thought out and perfectly composed. Now on to dessert... you can not leave this place without getting the "Pig in the Orchard" bread pudding (bread pudding with apples and BACON) Just incredible, I want this for breakfast please. I can not wait to try more of the delicious food. I will be back, maybe today.
Finally, a place in Scottsdale that is hip without being douchey and has great food and service.  I commend you Citizen Public House.. . We made a reservation here on a Saturday night.  Got there, really cool granite counter for the host stand.  We were greeted by smiles and shown to a table behind the bar.  The atmosphere is really cool, dimly lit.. . Gina was our server and she was fantastic.  We ordered a bottle of "The Boxer" and it was fantastic.  Gina knew her wine and really seemed to enjoy talking with us about different vineyards.  She even brought out samples of another wine similar to what we were drinking so we could see the difference in color.  Now that is really great service, so great, we opened another bottle.  . . The food was fantastic, very well prepared and came out with great timing.  . . Gina's brother, Richie, is the Mixologist-Partner here and he came out to the table to talk wine with us as well.  We ended up all exchanging info and talking about a few hard to find bottles.  . . AMAZING service here and the food is great.  Ask for Gina if you come in, some of the best hospitality I've ever had.
So nice to have a new type of environment to hang out in Scottsdale.. . Decor - Its so clean and sophisticated sharp decor right when you walk in tn the door , you immediately want a drink when you see the beautiful bar in the center of the floor. OK OK I'm a little obsessed I know:) with good reason!!. . Food- I have tried several things on the menu and was impressed with every hing ! LAMB BURGER!!! a must!!!. . Service was friendly and professional. This place is here to stay !
Pure yummmies! Went for my birthday dinner and had the scallops with corn grits - blissful! Would highly recommend.
This was our first time visiting and I have absolutely no complaints about this place. The service was outstanding. I had the smart chicken and the husband, the pork belly. Both meals had spot on flavors and just the right portions. Being a big bread pudding fan, we had to order the pig in the orchard bread pudding. While the combination of ingredients looks different, the flavors are amazing. This is definitely not a meat and potatoes type of place. You must be open to new flavors or you could be disappointed.
Wow! We went on 4/20/11, and were appetizer and drink hopping around Scottsdale. On our way to dinner we came across this wonderful place. Nothing much to look at from the outside, but were pleasantly surprised, open and comfortable. My husband and I sat at the bar, ordered a few appetizers: Pork Belly Pastrami and Crab Cakes w/ brussel sprout slaw....sorry, I drifted off thinking about how outstanding and delicious they were! Thomas our bartender who knew EXACTLY how every dish was perpared and expaining w/ such passion, we can tell he loves what he does! Next time the reservation will be here! Looking forward to trying EVERYTHING! Hope Thomas is working!
Simply fantastic all the way around. Incredible service backed up by innovative food and drink ideas. I have had shrimp and grits before (a favorite on Bravo's Top Chef). Citizen Public house simply substituted scallops for the shrimp and it turned out great. For desert I had milk and cookies. No kidding.  I've not had milk and cookies since I was a kid, and it was all that I remembered it to be. The cookies were an assortment of gourmet locally made gems so whatever type of cookie you remember from your childhood, it's probably represented here.  Some soft, some a bit on the hard side, which needed a little longer soak. . . There are some great new cocktail ideas on the bar menu as well as some old classics that they manage to pull off quite well. All in all, CPH is a great restaurant.
In one word, YUM! Loved the food here. I am known for getting scallops quite frequently and these were cooked to perfection. The appetizers were great as well and the portions were definitely generous. . . Service was superb. Gina, our server, was personable and took our dining experience from good to freaking outstanding!  I'm a bit of an indecisive orderer and am therefore appreciative of the servers' opinion. Gina gave honest, enthusiastic recommendations, not only with food but also our wine pairings. . . Decor was dark and comfortable. They had a great bar set up as well and have a fantastic specialty cocktail and beer list. Next time we head back, we will plan to belly up and get our drink on!  Overall, I can't find anything negative about this place. Kudos!
Fantastic dinner spot in the heart of Scottsdale!  The service was impeccable and the choices were very interesting.  The "famous" chopped salad was a must get.  It was prepared completely differently than I anticipated.  The smoked salmon (lox) in the salad was a tremendously tasty ingredient!  I loved the salad and would order it again in a heartbeat.. . For dinner my wife and I got the Smart Chicken and the Wagyu Burger.  the Smart Chicken was rich and tasty.  Definitely a good call.  The burger had some very interesting flavor combinations that were all a good call.  The sliced carrots and pickled onions made a nice crunchy taste to the burger.  The Challah bun was a nice touch, but ended up being a little more dry that I would have desired.  To provide some honest feedback, I told our server that the food was great, but that the bun was a little dry.  She went and talked with the Chef and came back to tell us that they were really sorry that the bun was dry and that they wanted to comp our burger.  Wow, that was completely not necessary, but incredibly nice!  They said that they wanted to be sure we were completely satisfied with our experience and were sorry that it was not as perfect as they had planned.. . This place was top notch on their presentation, service and quality!  I would go back in a heartbeat!. . Many Thanks Citizen Public House!
First off go to tenderbelly.com and order your "Bacon, It's Good For Ya" t-shirt. Then head over to CPH and order a properly made moscow mule and some bacon fat popcorn to get started. . . I really have nothing but good things to say about this place. I have had the pork belly, the filet, the burger, gourmet grilled cheese, hummus, and a few more things. The temperature, portion size, flavors, and prices on everything have been spot on. . . For those of you who are in to the current trend of supporting local and smaller business ventures, I found out that this place was started by a couple of local service industry guys along with Chef Bernie. Bernie uses tenderbelly pork and *Smart Chicken chicken. I googled both to find out why he chose these companies. The deserts are made by a local women and sold at the restaurant. They do change occasionaly.. . Chef Bernie is also the creator of the famed "Stetson Salad" going by the name "Original Chopped" at CPH. Anyone who is from Scottsdale is probably aware of the popularity of this single item. So if you have friends visiting from out of town, or you are visiting yourself, this is a local fave.. . I recently had a bartender friend tell me "I'm so tired of hearing the term mixologist". It may be overused, but this bar can probably get away with it. I am mainly a wine drinker, but they have a long list of really unique cocktails on the menu and I notice a few new ones added every few visits. Richie is one of those guys where you can say "i had something that was like blah, blah, blah, but have no idea what was in it" and he will probably figure out what you are talking about even when you aren't quite sure. . . The last good thing I will say is liking CPH on FB is worth it. I notice many places that never seem to update anything. CPH is very good about keeping you in the loop about the daily special, deal, and new dishes.
Fantastic gastro pub...very trendy layout.  Staff are very friendly and the food was delicious...would definitely go back
D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S!!  This place is was AMAZINGLY good! We came across it when yelping for a dinner/music on a Saturday night (Very cool you can make reservations through yelp, btw).  Ironically, no music but we were extremely satisfied with the meal.  Ambiance was a clean, open, minimalist, dark setting.  Has a romantic feel to it.  The staff was HILARIOUS!  We wish we could remember our server's name but he was someone we could have been friends with!  Very funny and knowledgeable of the menu, spices, dishes.  We started with the tzatziki and hummus plate..so addicting.  We shared the signature chop salad and let us make it very clear....GET THE CHOP SALAD!  It's a unique twist to the common salad, with a unique blend of marinated tomatoes, smoked salmon, pepitas, couscous and so many other yummy ingredients. We also shared the scallops that were cooked to perfection placed on grits and spinach.  Even the bread and olive oil were delicious.  One of our favorite places to dine in Old Town Scottsdale.  We will definitely return and highly recommend!!
Me and a couple friends from San Francisco were in Phoenix for a conference, so we went on Yelp to find a decent place to have dinner and drinks.  CPH's high rating caught our eyes so we decided to give it a try.  . . We went on a weekday around 6:30pm and we were seated immediately.  I don't drink, but they seem to have a decent selection of drinks there and my boyfriend really liked the beer he got.  Our waitress (excellent service by the way) highly recommended the chopped salad ($12)so we ordered that, the cheese fondue, the seared scallops (entree, $24), mac & cheese and crab cakes.  . . I'm normally not a salad person - being Asian, I preferred my veggies cooked.  However, I do love smoked salmon, so I tried a bite of my bf's chopped salad.  Wow!  I was impressed.  The mix of spinach, corn, couscous, pumpkin seeds and salmon created a unique texture and the flavor was perfect with the dressing.  I ended up finishing my bf's salad after he was filled up on the cheese fondue, which was also excellent.  My seared scallops were fantastic as well.  They absorbed the flavor of the bacon bits and were very tender.  I tried a bite of my friend's mac & cheese and it was delicious as well.  . . Overall, we were very impressed that such a gem exists in Scottsdale.  We couldn't help but think that if the place were in the Bay Area, it would be PACKED every night.  Also, the pricing is very reasonable for the quality of the food and service.
You should consider this an update of my review of the Yelp Event at Citizen's Public House. http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=v-gCiEr8vr9JnMkkR5Uq_A&q=citizen%27s+public+house. . Ever since the amazing drinks we had at the Yelp event I've wanted to go back to Citizen's Public House. So we stopped in tonight, our 23rd wedding anniversary, after dinner at a French restaurant we wanted to try. Richie Moe, mixologist extraordinare and my drink hero was busy so his apprentice, Chris, made me an amazing drink. But Richie knew we wanted a taste of his magic so when he was free, he came by.. . He remembered me and Yelper Shannon M and how much we enjoyed our drinks. When he learned it was my and Jim W's anniversary he offered us anniversary shots, saying he felt like lighting something on fire. OH MY GOD!!!. . He started out with these two stainless steel pitchers - way too big for a couple of shots. He put in chopped chocolate, added chocolate liqueur and banana liqueur and heated the bottom of the pot.He then gently caught the contents on fire. That's when the real excitement began. He poured flaming liqueur from one pot to the other. Back and forth went the flaming lava-like stream, a brilliant blue and gold. When he was done he poured it into two shot glasses, added some sort of cream and grated chocolate on the top. It was warm, a perfect temperature to drink. And it tasted like a liqueur version of bananas foster. IT WAS FANTASTIC!!!. . I'd been wanting to go back since Presidents day. Richie reminded us why. Chris is well on his way to being an amazing mixologist as well. You need to find out why too. Go now. What are you waiting for?!
5 stars. You heard me.. . Man, am I late on this review.... . My sweetie took me to dinner at CPH for my 35th birthday. I know what you're all thinking... "but Kristi...you don't look a day over 34&3/4." Stop....no, pleassssseeee enough with the flattery folks. I can't take it anymore. No seriously. Keep going... . Turns out CPH is right up there with the likes of Nobuo at Teeter House and FnB when it comes to quality and experience. Excellent wine selection. Please, if you have the opportunity, try the 'Tender Belly' bacon fat heirloom popcorn. It was delicious. Though bacon fat could probably make dog poo tasty. . . I enjoyed the Porcini-dusted Filet Mignon, medium rare and had a couple of nibbles of my fiance's scallops (which were amazing). The Filet was cooked to perfection and though I'm somewhat of a purist and usually prefer my steak 'au-natural' I was beyond satisfied with the accoutrement. Impressed even. . . The service was phenomenal. The distress surrounding my age caused me to consume a gigantic Ketel martini, a shit load of wine (local by the way, I love that) and a desert drink and not once was I cut off. Truly though, our server was a doll. Engaging and genuine; something obviously lacking in the service industry in Arizona. . . The only thing I would change about CPH is the location and that's only due to my location, so I'll deal with it.
Molten drinks please.  Grand Master Mixologist Richie Moe @CitizenPubHouse whipped up a couple shots for my wonderful wife and I that brought much of the bar to a silence on a crowded Saturday night. When he heard we were celebrating our anniversary he said he'd like to make us a special drink...and he felt like burning something.. . The end result was kind of like bananas foster in a shot glass.  It involved melting Mexican chocolate in a metal mixing cup, flaming 160 proof black strap rum, Richie repeatedly pouring a flaming mixture of orange liquid with blue flames from cup to cup in an arc that captured everyone's attention.. . Outstanding drink with an outstanding show leading up to it.. . We've been to CPH twice and had great food and outstanding drinks each time.  If I am in the mood for a cocktail, this is where I want to go. If you're in the mood to go out for drinks and a bite, this is your place. Enjoy.
I loved this place! It was so refreshing to go somewhere in Old Town that wasn't pretentious, over-priced, or part of some 'scene'. I plan on going back over and over again. . . What we drank:. Moe'scow Mules (THEY USE FEVER TREEE ginger beer. *sigh* If you've never tried the Fever Tree line, go to Whole Foods or CPH for that matter and try it. SO yummy and makes all the difference.) . . Nimbus Brown Ales. Good stuff. Nothing unique about having the beer, just great that they serve local beers that actually have some flavor. . . What we ate: . AZBLT- $10 for the sandwich, but it was so good that I'd pay that again. Normally I'm against pricey sandwiches in general but for a late night snack with beverages, it pairs nicely. . . Grilled Cheese- They do add ham to this guy but it's very yummy. Sometimes grilled cheeses seem to be a bit salty when you get them at restaurants, but this one was great. . . Scallops- There were about 4-5 scallops and they came with some corn grits. The scallops were perfectly cooked and flavored, and corn grits are awesome! Corn just so happens to be my favorite veggie and this was a pleasant surprise to have them with scallops. . . Crispy Rock Shrimp- Very good, but don't put the roasted lemon on it. Just use the sauce it comes with. The roasted lemon leaves an odd flavor and I think it's better without. . . Curried Mussles- SOOO Good. I was so surprised that a 'American' pub type place would do a good curry. But they did. I was so overprotective of the juice even after the mussels were gone. We requested bread so we could sop it all up. Personally, I think it's good enough to move from the appetizer menu to the entrees, add a little rice, and you would be good to go. . . It was great food, and for a decent price.
I write one review- if that- about every year... This restaurant deserved this review.. . I can say with out hesitation they left nothing to be desired. The atmosphere was warm and comfortable it was easy to pull up to the bar and spend hours talking and enjoying the different offerings. The service was spot on- both bartenders were there when we needed anything and both were genuinely friendly people. The food was absolutely perfect, good size portions, the flavors were excellent and at a good value.. . We had the popcorn bar snack, the chopped salad, scallops, and the chocolate jar dessert as well as their bread pudding. The only thing I probably won't do again is the popcorn- but I am not typically a popcorn kind of girl. Every aspect of the food and presentation exceeded my expectations. . .  Am so glad they participated in yelp eats week- it motivated me to make it a point to eat here. I live in central Phoenix  and I am not sure I would have trekked over to Scottsdale for dinner over eating somewhere closer to home before. But, I can gaurentee I will be back often, it is well worth the extra drive.
My new favorite place in old town. Late night menu on the weekends always keeps things interesting. Thomas the bartender is always very nice and knowledgeable. I have tried just about everything on the menu, and have yet to be disappointed.
Another A+ meal from Citizen Public House! With the start of Yelp Eats week, I have a long list of restaurants I want to visit and tonight, Citizen Public House got checked off the list. . . The Yelp Eats menu is a perfect combination of every food group. My friend and I with the Original Chopped Salad (a salad so popular, it even has its own Facebook page!), accompanied it with hummus, shared the pan seared scallops with corn grits and sweetened off the meal with the bread pudding and creme de pot! Yes, I did practically roll out of there, but very happily and extremely content!. . The atmosphere at Citizen Public House continues to be chill and sophisticated. Tonight, it was bubbling with people but the tables are spread out enough that it allows each table to have their own conversation. . . I am happily full right now, but I think I might try to sneak into Citizen Public House again in the near future again!
You must go here.. . Went during the "Yelp Eats" promotion.. . Everything we experienced was remarkable. The service, food, drinks, and ambiance were all spectacular.. . First, the drinks. There are numerous specialty cocktails, an extensive wine list, draft and bottled beers, aperitif, digestif, single malt scotch, and almost every type of alcohol you could expect. Even unexpected libations that I rarely see elsewhere, such as dessert wines. We had to try their signature cocktails because it seemed to be the right thing to do at CPH. Good booze & good bartenders; can't let those go to waste. We had to have something with gin, so we opted for Aviation & Count Negroni. Both were what we expected. Strong & unique. I don't see anyone disliking Aviation, but Count Negroni is for specific tastes. Try this if you like strong orange and cinnamon flavors. The Campari in this drink makes a statement.. . Second, the food. We ordered the "Smart Chicken" and the Berkshire Pork Loin. The chicken had a nice crispiness on the outside and had the flavor of lightly fried chicken without all the fat. The risotto, mushrooms, and onions that came with it were amazing.. . Now, the pork. The pork! This experience made me fall in love with pork all over again. We all love bacon, but the bland white pork that comes from industrial farms has destroyed its reputation with people who love pork for its flavor, not for its leanness. Granted, I have never had Berkshire pork before this visit, but it was absolutely amazing. They cooked it perfectly. Pink and moist on the inside. The meat was so sweet & tender and the fat was so flavorful. This is due to the quality of Berkshire pork, but also the proper preparation. The stone fruit compote complemented the sweetness of the pork perfectly, as did the pistachios. The gorgonzola/white corn spoon bread was awesome. And the broccoli rabe/chard (couldn't tell exactly what it was) was steamed perfectly with great seasoning and flavor.. . Third, the dessert. The bread pudding was fantastic! Like the best apple pie you've ever eaten...only better. The ice cream that came with it was great as well. I ordered a cup of coffee as well, from Roastery of Cave Creek called "Black and Tan." One of the better cups of coffee I've ever had. Even my girlfriend enjoyed it, and it had no cream or sugar. She usually loads up the sugar in coffee but she said that the coffee has so much flavor that it doesn't need anything.. . Fourth, the service. Our server, Brian, was very knowledgeable and very courteous. He answered every question we had, gave us the proper attention, and made sure we enjoyed our experience. I can't remember a recent experience with better service than we had here at CPH.. . Overall, everything you want in a restaurant. It's in a great location, in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale. I can't compliment this place enough. Just go!
This place was amazing.  The house sausage was awesome, the chopped salad was one of the best thing I ever ate.  We had scallops and pork and both dishes were yummy.  The chef brought out the bread pudding with bacon which was to die for. If we ever come back to Scottsdale, we'd defininitely come back.  Everyone was so nice and attentive.
Wow, incredible experience.  This has been on our wishlist for some time and thanks to Yelp Eats for getting us down there.  Just a wonderful evening.  . . Stellar ambiance, just the right lighting with a spacious main dining room but felt very cozy much like an old inn.  Loved that the bar is the center of the space because energy emanates from the bar to the tables, creating a real sense of communal dining.  . . Our server Gary was dynamite.  He walked us through the menu, focusing on his favorite items, and explaining in detail the ingredients and preparation and he was very influential.  Myself and a friend took his advice and thoroughly enjoyed the scallops, which were perfectly prepared.  My husband ordered the short ribs and he really loved them, especially the dried cherry BBQ sauce.  I was fortunate to steal a bite and they were delectable.  Our other friend loved thepork loin, which was also cooked perfectly.  . . We finished the meal with to-die-for donut holes with three dipping sauces - key lime, blueberry, and caramel-coconut.  So good!!!. . Cannot say enough about Citizen Public House, and it is a must-have, and a must-return!!
Excellent service! Fabulous food! Warm and modern ambiance!. . The wait staff was cheerful and helpful, which made our dining experience very pleasurable. . . On to the food . . .  the chopped salad is something to come back for with all the different textures of the ingredients and merried mixture of flavors. The porkbelly steak was outstanding and my partner loved the scallops. The star was the bread pudding (bacon pieces in every other bite was perfect) with homemade cinnamon ice cream.  I can't go back soon enough.  I miss you already bread pudding.
Even without taking advantage of the wonderful specials for Yelp Restaurant Week, CPH is one of my favorite restaurant samplings.  . Waiting just a few minutes for our favorite foodie friends, we sat at the bar, having a brief chat with the charming bartender, who was very familiar with the yumminess that is Tito's Handmade Vodka and other great Texas food and drink.  Our friends arrived before we even had a chance to choose a beverage, so we moved to our table.. After perusing the cocktails, our friends chose a Moe-scow Mule and a Sazerac, while my husband selected the Berried Alive and I ordered the Count Negroni, never having tried Campari.  Our waitress (Gina?) was a delight, telling us about the specials and reminding us the drinks were all hand-made so there might be a slight wait.  Moments later, with drinks in hand, we had appetizers on the way (we chose the sausage of the day and the famous chopped salad, then later added the crab cakes and the bacon fat popcorn).  The drinks were described as "another one of these would kick my butt, but it's really good" (Sazerac), delightfully refreshing (Moe-scow Mule) and very good (Berried Alive).  Unfortunately, I was disappointed with my choice.  My husband jokes I'm the only person he knows who likes the taste of Nyquil and Pepto Bismol, and I generally do enjoy very strong drinks, but the Count proved to be too bitter for my palate.  As if she had donned her Carnac the Magnificent hat, Gina came to check in and suggested if we didn't care for our choices, she'd gladly switch them out.  Oh, yes ma'am!  I'll take a Berried Alive, please. . The chopped salad was a pleasant surprise, but I'm not sure it's at the legend status of having its own Facebook page.  The crab cakes were very tasty, my only wish was for a bit more of the aioli.  My favorites were the sausage of the day, slightly spicy and served with braised greens and the bacon popcorn, but of course, how bad can anything be drenched in bacon drippings?!?!. The lovely L.C. and I each chose the scallops (at half price thanks to the Yelp R.W. special, quite possibly the deal of the century).  Wanting some wine with the scallops, I wasconsidering an Argentinian pinot grigio or an albarino from the Central Coast (intriguing because most albarinos I've had are Spanish).  Asking Gina for her recommendation, she quickly offered to bring me a taste of both, as well as another Spanish white.  Gina, you are definitely my kind of girl.  While I would have easily enjoyed any of the 3, my top pick was the Central Coast albarino.. When presented with the scallops surrounded by sauteed pea shoots and atop a lovely bed of corn and bacon grits,  we both were delighted with the flavor combination.  Due to a bad experience with scallops several years ago, I had been off the shellfish for quite some time.  Chef Bernie's treatment convinced me that yes, scallops are good again.  . The boys went with the pork loin (another special) and the coffee rubbed short ribs.  I didn't taste the pork, but our friend proclaimed it very good.  I did get my husband to part with a small sampling of the short ribs, parsnip puree and cherry bbq sauce.  Oh my stars, it was quite possibly the closest I have come to the flavor magic that is delicious Central Texas barbecue (for those of you who have had the privilege to sample Smitty's, Kreuz, Black's and the original Cooper's in Llano when those temples of carnivorous delights are at the top of their game, you know what I'm talking about).. After all of this, we still managed to order 4 desserts.  Our friend is a major chocolate hound and had to have both the Pots de Creme AND the chocolate pecan bars.  It of course helped that they were part of the special menu.  My husband went with the bread pudding (any type of bread pudding/custard/flan/creme brulee are among his favorites).  The delightful Gina also told us about a new trial dessert not yet on the menu: donut holes dipped in cinnamon sugar and served with 3 dipping sauces.  HELLO GORGEOUS, you had me at cinnamon sugar!. The donut holes were by far my husband's and my favorite, especially when I drizzled them with a bit of each of the sauces (lemon, blueberry and caramel).  Usually a fan of bread pudding, my husband admitted it was not among his favorites.  He said it maybe could have been served slightly warmer   It was probably just because although good, it paled in comparison to both the donut holes and the pots de creme.. After a delightful evening made that much better by the company of our dear friends, delicious food and drink and warm, professional service, we left sated.  We will definitely return, hopefully soon.
Mid-priced dining with high end flavor. I ordered the special Yelp menu. Started off with mixed green salad with fig dressing. Very good. Moved on the the "smart" chicken. Tender, char grilled breast with corn risotto. Yum!  Topped it off with a perfect chocolate de creme. Staff was friendly and very on top of things. Great experience.  I'm definitely coming back. give these guys some love!
We visited on a Friday nights and enjoyed the Yelp Eats menu. It was maybe 2/3 full with room to sit at the bar. . . Our server, Gary, was great, although he did try to explain to me what pepitas and rapini was (um, thanks, but those are pretty easy ones). The best part was that our courses never felt rushed, and you actually had time between them to chat and relax.. . We both started with our own chopped salads. If you're not a smoked salmon fan, they can substitute chicken. It was delicious--great mix of textures. . . Hubby had the Berkshire pork loin, which I thought was just ok (I thought it was a little dry and lacked flavor, but he liked it). He loved the fruit compote on top but thought the white corn spoon bread was strange (it was fluffy yet dry). I had the scallops and loved every damn thing about that dish.. . We finished with the bread pudding, which wasn't overly sweet or huge in size.. . They didn't have many wines by the glass, and the ambience was pretty loud. Other than that, we thought it was a great meal out and would highly recommend it!
Laidback atmosphere, excellent service, fun, fabulous food!. . Afriend and I sat at the bar and had a great time interacting with the bartender and another foodie patron at the bar. The wait staff seemd really knowledgeable with just the right attention to service.. . I've enjoyed the Original Chopped Salad under a different moniker for years at Cowboy Ciao, so we decided to go with the Mirilton Chopped Salad: greens, tomato, popcorn, halloumi cheese, cucumbers and onions. The haloumi cheese was a unique treat, though overall it didn't really compare to the OCS.. . We ordered the Pork Belly Pastrami starter, which was kind of a deconstructed reuben over spaetzle- it was almost perfect and the pork belly just melted in my mouth. The sea scallops were also heavenly, seared just so and served with buttery corn grits and a vinegary gastrique. We capped it all of with a pot de creme: super rich and just right for sharing.. . We also enjoyed some red wine from Merkin (yes, THAT Merkin), the Maynard James Keenen winemaking venture- kind of neato, I haven't seen it in a restaurant before (watch "Blood into Wine" if you're lost).. . I think this place has a little something for everyone, and for someone like me, it has it all. Its food is artful without being fussy, and the ambiance is cool without trying too hard.
I went to Citizen Public House for the first time for happy hour the other day and I must say, I was very impressed! They're staff is so very courteous and always attentive. Their happy hour specials are great too! I recommend the sangria :) We didn't have much of the food but we did try of the bar snacks was fantastic! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for an upscale, quaint place to have dinner and drinks. What a great hidden treasure in Scottsdale!
Thomas was very welcoming and a great server/bartender. Came in close to close and still gave us ample time to enjoy our late night date. My lady and i's date night are few and far between so to be able to have a experience like tonight is very appreciated. Kudos Thomas and citizen!
Short ribs, crab cakes and chopped salad, and wait let's not forget the pecan bars with chicory ice cream, all outstanding as was the service
Attentive staff, succulent offerings, incredible mixologic concoctions...Citizen continues to inspire with it's near-perfect...okay, PERFECT menu of entrees, cocktails, and starters that plow new ground of satisfaction. I went to AZ88 after this place tonight, and I'm convinced this IS the best place in Lower Scottsdale - -and perhaps the Valley entire, to enjoy...everything!
Smooth , elegant and very comfortable.  The food and service are phenomenal.
My wife and I finally tried CPH and were greatly surprised by everything.  The food, as expected, was superior along with the professionalism of the staff.  The ambiance too was well set as the place could hold large parties very comfortably.  . We began the nigth with a bottle of wine, the original chopped salad alons with the rock shrimp.  All were exceptional!  As out main courses, my wife orded the sea scallops and I ordered the short ribs.  (Peter of Cowboy Ciao's must miss this guy.)  Both dinners were cooked to perfection and the staff never left alone.  For dessert, we had coffee and the evening's special, the donut holes with three dipping sauces.  All were fantastic.  The wife and I don't usually rate places with five stars, but this place actually gets how food and service are meant to be as one.  Can't wait until we head back.
"Have you ever been over to a friend's house to eat and the food just aint' no good?". . You know the famous line from the Sugar Hill Gang. You won't have to feel that way at this house, because this house has the sauce that is awesome.. . Yeah, Citizen Public House might just be the most legit place in all of Arizona. I don't know what took me so long to get here.. . This is a destination for foodies, and not just because it's been featured on the Cooking Channel or the Food Network.. . Some Highlights:. . --Tender Belly Bacon Fat Popcorn! (Not for the pretentious and idiotic). --Gorgonzola-Emmental mac-n-cheese (Not for the lactose). --The Chopped Salad (This ish is famous yo). --The Squealer Burger (yeah, it has bacon in it). . This place is absolutely amazing.. . If you appreciate food, and can afford to splurge both in the wallet and palate, then make this a destination. . . Absolutely worth it. Next time, I want to try the Lamb Burger.. . Also, the cocktail and draught list is solid. Goose Island Matilda FTW! (Yes, I know its a Budweiser product)
Gotta tell ya, I went back twice more in the 2 weeks following my first visit!  Everything I've had has been great.  The grilled cheese that has ham and this cherry concoction/mustard ... so great!  The Kiltlifter fondue and Panzanella salad totally satisfied and tingled my taste buds. Bf and I even popped in one night when they had a short list of $20 wines by the bottle... Score!  I haven't yet made it to the dessert menu, but I sure hope to soon!
I am compelled to write this review not because of the food and drinks, although those were good, but rather due to the best server I have had in probably all my dining experiences. Gina. Yes, I usually do not remember the names of my servers, but my wife and I fell in love with her. From as soon as we entered the restaurant up to when we left, she was attentive and accommodating. . . She first explained the menu at great length hearing that this was our first visit. I was pleased to find that they did have self-concocted twists on classic drinks and not just beer, being listed as a gastropub.  We started off with the "Aviation" and the "Midwest Manhattan." I immediately found the Manhattan too sweet for me, and alluded to this to Gina. She immediately left the table stating that she would talk to the bartender. Few minutes later she presents with a new Manhattan darker in color with use of a different whiskey with a more bitter taste. No questions asked, no hassle. Just fixed the problem. . . Gina allowed plenty of time for us to decide our food choices, walking us through questions we had. Eventually we went with the rock shrimp appetizer, lamb burger and the halibut. The rock shrimp was served with sauce on the side rather than slathered on, which was nice. They served it with a grilled lemon, which when squeezed over the shrimp, gave it a nice charred flavor. The lamb burger was large in size with a nice tzatziki sauce. Main criticisms of the dish was that the pickled vegetables were a bit bulky on the plate and better fitted to be chopped into a salad of sorts. The meat was also not cooked to our medium order, but tasted fine on the rare-side. The halibut was flaky but the rub was a bit on the salty side. The roasted cauliflower fregula accompanying the halibut both saved and elevated the dish, complimenting the saltiness of the fish.. . We finished the night with Bacon Pecan Brittle which had chunks of bacon embedded into pecan brittle bark. This comes strangely enough in a package to your table, but it was delicious nonetheless.   . . Food and drinks aside, simply cannot praise the server Gina enough. From Los Angeles, Chicago recently having moved from New York, I dont think I can remember a better server. We will be back again, and if service continues to impress it may become our regular dining spot.
Owner/Chef Bernie Kantak (formerly of Cowboy Ciao) is definitely in his element at Citizen Public House, putting creative spins on classic pub food to create something new and interesting in the Scottsdale area. . . The room is welcoming, cleanly styled and has a personal touch to it typically lost in the Scottsdale restaurant scene. Sit bar top and be treated to one of the expert mixologists creations. If you're lucky partner/mixologist Richie Moe will be experimenting behind the bar with some of his crazy equipment (certainly not meant for bartending, but making tasty libations none the less!) and let you sample the results. Be sure to sample to Bijou and Sazerac - both traditional cocktails given due reverence here.. . The staff is pleasant, warm, knowledgeable and professional. Nuff said.. . The food. Be sure to sample the Pork Belly Pastrami, the Scallops, and the Mirliton Chop Salad. This isn't a suggestion, it's a demand. . . Overall a great addition to Old Town Scottsdale!
Mashed potatoes on a sandwich. A simple genius idea. Why is this not a sandwich staple?. . I spent my younger years as a very picky vegetarian (did not like meat but did not really like vegetables either). This meant I basically lived off of grilled cheese, especially when eating out. So any place that highlights my main childhood food group with a rotating Grilled Cheese of the Day is alright by me. . . One day the daily grilled cheese came complete with mashed potatoes and I fell in love. And every time I have returned, Chef gladly makes it for me upon request. What a guy. . . Oh and obviously start with the chopped salad.
Sat nite @ CPH. Early dining at the bar as is our wont. Lotsa room at 5:30; crowded by 6:15. Service was outstanding. Could not have been made to feel more welcome by the entire bar staff. They serve a killer sazerac and have a monster selection of liqueurs. Is there another place in town that features a ' sausage of the day'? Chorizo soup was the s-o-d this lucky night. A richly textured meal in itself, I piled on with the mac n cheese which could've earned the 5 stars on it's own. They offered to add sausage: Momma didn't raise no fool, I accepted. CPH earned the hype! Hope you love it like we did.
This is one of those places that totally catches you by surprise...a very good, bacon surprise! My husband and I drove down from Vegas for a baseball game. We were starving afterwards and I yelped this place. I'm so glad we did because it was one of the best places we've ever eaten at ever. . . A lot of credit goes to out server, Gib, who was just as excited about the menu as us. Hubby was craving a good sandwich and Gib recommended the BLT. Hands down, BEST BLT ever thanks to pork belly bacon!!! It was thick cut, tender, and crispy. It elevated the BLT to a much higher culinary level. I opted for the chopped salad which has been reviewed in top mags and culinary shows. With it's mix of greens, tomatoes, sweet corn, pumpkin seeds, currants, and this amazing buttermilk, herby dressing I almost ordered a second one! We had the gorgonzola Mac and cheese to share and it was perfect for 2 people. It was super creamy, delicious, and decadent. . . For dessert, Gib recommended the pork belly bread pudding. Holy bacon!!! It was the perfect combo of salty and sweet with a scoop of vanilla on the top. I had the cream cheese donuts with 3 different dipping sauces: strawberry compote, key lime pie, and caramel. So delicious!!. . We were incredibly surprised by this place. Not only is the ambiance beautiful but Gib definitely made the experience better. The food was some of the best we've ever had. In fact we haven't stopped talking about it since we left and I've never yelped a review faster!! The food reminds us of how delicious food is in the Bay area where we're home. We would easily drive down from Vegas any weekend just to eat here. 5 stars!!!!
One word: amazing.. . Was here for restaurant week, started with the Gazpacho, then had the Scallops, and finished it off with the bread pudding. . . Great cocktails, amazing service, and outstanding food. They are awesome.
I love it here. It has a really unique name and I had the best time. . Went here on the first day of Restaurant week - and I had several dishes. . Started with the chop salad which had a very unique flavor, crunch and dried corn. It was interesting. . Moved into Halibut and dessert - all was awesome. . I sat at the bar and had an awesome time. The service was great and I will visit again.
My cravings led me back for more mashed potato grilled cheese. Just as amazing as ever. . . PLUS this time we added dessert. The cream cheese donut holes with three different dipping sauces were amazing. And the donut bread pudding....O.M.G. According to Chef it will soon be a regular on the menu. Get it. . . Thanks to Chef and Gibb for always taking such good care of us. Be back for more soon!
AMAZING!!!! Ask for the grilled cheese with mashed potatoes.  It's not on the menu but it is delicious!  BEST GRILLED CHEESE IN TOWN!  The doughnut bread pudding is a piece of heaven!!!
Love this place! Great food and amazing cocktails!  I've never been disappointed.
While I've never actually eaten a full meal at CPH, this is probably my favorite place for drinks and apps.  I don't even care that their happy hour discounts are not that great.. . First off, they make a version of a sloe gin fizz.  Based on that alone, I'm at 5 stars.  The fact that it was fantastic was just an added bonus.  Second, they ingeniously thought to put bacon fat in the popcorn.  Now we're at 10 stars.    Third, 'kilt lifter" fondue.  Need I say more?
Loved this place!  We sat at the bar for a glass of wine for quite a bit, then ordered our entrees.  The bartender was SUPER friendly, and allowed me to try three wines before I ordered.  He made eye contact and didn't act rushed.  The service was excellent, food even better, and we left a very very very happy couple.  . . (Unfortunately we had almost the exact opposite experience at our next stop- the Side Bar).  . . Highly recommend the Public House.  Classy, yet casual.  Anything seems to go here.  Sequins and Sweatshirts.  I woke up this morning, yes, wanting my scallops entree AGAIN.  For breakfast. That is kind of gross, but you get the picture.
This place is a gem that is so different from many other up and coming places around town. The hostess greeted us and seated us quickly. The waitress was nothing but a fountain of knowledge about all things on the menu, which was helpful in making our selections for dinner. . . Starting off with some fun, different, and delicious drinks was a great suggestion, and the mac and cheese on the appetizer menu was to DIE for. Great mix of food and fun here. Dinner came out perfectly timed, and our waitress was attentive and helpful. The food was awesome and quite different than we would normally get. Great options, and the chopped salad is awesome, and I don't like salad, so that's saying a lot.
Great Food! Great Service! is all I can say... loved this place:-)
Everything about this place led to a great experience.  The food and drink menu are small but everything we picked was awesome.  Prepare yourself to try everything on the menu because you have to know how each item tastes.  I will be going back again soon and would recommend to anyone else looking for a good place on a regular week night.
Great food, great wine and great service!  Thank you Kerrie for being so accommodating for our party!  We had a blast and I would def recommend this place to everyone who will listen to me!!
Fabulous time at CPH tonight. . . I was in PHX for a quick pre-holiday getaway. We found CPH via Yelp and the restaurant exceeded expectations.  Our server was Gary, who was one of the best servers I've ever had. Attentive, with impeccable timing. He helped pace our courses and wanted to make sure he didn't encourage us to over order. . . Onto the food. I started with the signature drink, the Citi Zen.  It's like a grown up lemonade. I didn't even add in the optional rock sugar stick. . . Our starter was the fondue. Not too thick, served with crusty bread, apples and sausages. . . Next up, the Original Chopped Salad. WOW! That was my favorite. It's a really unexpected combo of tastes, textures and flavors, but it just works. Don't miss this. . . Then, the chicken and waffles. Chicken was fried to perfection without being the least bit oily. . . Finally, finished with the coffee and donuts, which is a great twist on the flavors, turned into a bread pudding. . . If I lived in the PHX area, this would be in my regular rotation.
During my most recent visit to Citizen Public House, I sat at the bar with a friend and sampled several dishes from the late night menu. We had initially planned to wash down a bowl of Tender Belly bacon fat popcorn with our outstanding drinks (Richie Moe and his bar staff are the finest I know--but that's for a different show).  The popcorn was, as always, a real treat.  Crispy, fragrant, savory, salty goodness.  But then the gentleman beside us was served a pork belly pastrami, and the amazing smell was driving us crazy. So we placed an order forthat and Chef Bernie's Original Chopped Salad (which he first introduced while at the helm of Cowboy Ciao and which I also find I cannot resist).. . The pastrami is made of melt-in-your-mouth pork belly, and the sauerkraut provided a terrific tangy balance to the richness of the meat.  Typically, the menu at Citizen is stocked with dishes that are familiar but have their own particular twist.  In this case, the sauerkraut was made of Brussels sprouts instead of cabbage. And rather than pile the combination between two slices of rye, it was served with fantastic rye spaetzle (I learned to cook these dumplings in Germany, so I am usually leery of ordering them in American restaurants--but Citizen's were outstanding.  Chewy but still tender.). . After we finished the pastrami (and restrained ourselves from licking the plate), we dug into the salad.  It arrived on the platter in carefully arranged in rows (basically, a salade composee) of Israeli couscous, chopped arugula, tomatoes, smoked salmon, toasted pepitas, and Asiago cheese.  The dressing, which comes on the side, is a sort of slightly-garlicky Green Goddess, very fresh and light.  The friendly gentleman serving us offered to toss the salad.  It seemed a shame to destroy the lovely arrangement, but this is definitely an instance where making a mishmash on your plate is the way to go.  None of the ingredients lost their integrity, but the combination of flavors (sweet, salty, smoky, green) and textures was outstanding.  The crunch of the pepitas with the crispy greens and delicate couscous is as close to salad heaven as a girl can get. . . I love desserts but rarely order them at restaurants because it's a course that can be pretty iffy.  However, I know that Tracy Dempsey does amazing work for Citizen, so I had to take a look at the evening's offerings.  I saw chicory ice cream and salted chocolate caramel sauce with chicory streusel, and any remaining self-restraint went out the window.   What a winner--again, excellent contrast of sweet and savory, perfect portion size for two to share.  My only quibble, and a minor one at that, was with the ice cream, which could've used a bigger boost of chicory.  But then again, not everyone loves chicory coffee as I do.. . I'd be remiss in not discussing the actual space of the restaurant.  It would be fairly easy to pass Citizen by on the street; it fairly disappears into the bland exterior of a white building on the corner of 5th and Craftsman in Old Towne Scottsdale.  The signage, above the entrance on Craftsman, is not easily seen after dark. In fact, when standing out front once, I was stopped by a couple who asked me if I knew where the restaurant was.. . The interior, while understated, is far from nondescript.  The center of the dining room is dominated by a large, stainless steel bar and the vaulted ceiling above with its exposed beams.  Seating options include freestanding tables for four, leather banquettes along two walls, an alcove that accommodates larger dining parties, and my favorite, the very comfortable barstools.  The color scheme is very simple--white walls with dark accents and clusters of artwork hung gallery style.  Still, there is no shortage of warmth in the room.  The staff is exceedingly welcoming and the service professional but friendly.  On peak nights, the acoustics of the space mean that it can get a bit loud, but noise fits right in with the idea that you are in a contemporary "public house."  Citizen's combination of a lively dining room with an outstanding, innovative menu, top-notch bar and superb service will keep bringing me back.. . Side note: some people seem to be confused about the difference between a "public house" and a sports bar.  If you want to watch television while you drink, I suggest you seek out the latter, as Citizen mercifully has no TVs.
Citizen Public House is my go to place for an amazing bite to eat and excellent service. I have been to CPH at least 6 or more times and every time I am never disappointed. . . CPH is comfort food taken to the next level. Whether you order the Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn (don't fear it, it's awesome) or the chicken and waffles, taste bud satisfaction is the norm at this place. . . I think the reason I keep coming back, despite the excellent food and amazing white sangria is the amazing service. Whether it's a busy Saturday night, or an early dinner on a weekday I am continually impressed with their level of knowledge and service at CPH. It's how a restaurant experience should be, and it's consistently amazing, just like the food. A plus also is they offer Gluten-Free options for my celiac sister. Believe me she is very hard to please, but CPH always puts her at ease when it comes to the GF options. Go to CPH and I promise you will not be disappointed.. . What I love to order: white sangria, original chopped salad, pan seared scallops
Nice restrooms.. . I really should say up-front that I didn't eat anything here.  So why do they deserve 5 stars?  Because I want to give a HUGE shout out to my server (insert name here).. . I had just come from eating apps at another restaurant up the street and when my dining companion got her scallops, well, let's just say my tummy wasn't all that happy with it's contents.  I was probably running to the restroom every 5 minutes or so.. . Our server (forgive me, but I didn't catch the name during my sprints to the loo) was awesome.  She gave me several bitters and ginger in an attempt to calm my stomach and offered some other options I could pick up at the drugstore.  Unfortunately, nothing worked, but the fact that she gave a damn how I was feeling was cool in my book.  Oh, and the bitters and ginger were really tasty...too bad they didn't stay down for long.. . Anyway, I can comfortably say these restrooms are nicely decorated...just wish I didn't have to spend all dinner there.
Great decor. Great food and very good service. You have to try the pork belly pastrami. To die for! Their version of the Manhattan was very good. As for the main courses you can't go wrong with the scallops or the smoked duck. For dessert go with the black & tan pudding. Oh soooo good. Highly recommend this place.
My husband to be and I had a great date night here. We made a reservation using open table and were seated promptly when we came in. Our waiter Gary was fabulous and provided great recommendations on the menu. He was fun and knew the menu well. We had great drinks and great food. We tried the crab cakes and Mac n cheese both to start with. My hubby to be got the filet and I got the meatloaf and everything was super yummy. Definitely will go back and bring friends!
Amazing food and great service!
Absolutely spectacular. That is the only way to describe the food at Citizen Public House.. . So let me start this review with my obsessive love for the Pork Belly Pastrami appetizer. Hands down one of the best things I've ever eaten. This pork belly is just the most amazing, literally melt in your mouth meaty/fatty goodness you'll ever taste. SO AMAZING. After tasting this appetizer, I seriously contemplated canceling my main entree and just ordering 5 more of the Pork Belly Pastrami. (Note: I did in fact return a day later to again indulge in the fatty pork belly goodness. SO WORTH IT.) If you order nothing else here, order the Pork Belly Pastrami. You'll thank me.. . Quick note on the service and drinks so I can continue to rave about the food: J and I came here for a late dinner on Thursday and had really great service even though we were only sitting in the bar area. We again experienced excellent service on Saturday when we returned for a late lunch (and to introduce one of his friends to the incredible food! I spent so much time raving about the food on Friday that we had no choice but to come here on Saturday). J had what he said was an amazing old fashioned, and I tried their signature Citi-Zen which had a great pear flavor and was served with rock candy as a stirring stick. Candy with a drink, that's a definite win for me.. . Back to the food:. Pan Seared Scallops - Delectable combination of flavors. Salty and crispy bacon, sweet and smooth corn grits, with wilted snow pea greens that added both a nice color and flavor to the dish, seared scallops sit atop all this deliciousness. And then it is all topped with a tangy and tasty Red Rock Cola Gastrique. Did I make the correct dinner choice? Abso-freaking-lutely.. . Amaro Meatloaf - J's dinner choice. A lovely combination of flavors, but I personally found it to be a bit dry, J loved it though. The mashed potatoes were buttery and delicious. And the roasted zucchini was fresh and very enjoyable. But I would still choose the scallops over this any day.. . So when we came back on Saturday we decided to just order appetizers. Which was of course a good choice because mostly everything we ate was amazing. . . We ate:. The Original Chopped Salad - smoked salmon, Israeli couscous, and a bunch of other delicious things make for a very enjoyable texture and flavor combination - one of the best salads I've ever had!. Chicken and Waffles - Think fancy chicken and waffles. Another great flavor combination - crispy chicken tenders with a kick, buttery waffle with almond butter, and all dipped in honey. . Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn - It is what it says it is. Bacon and popcorn. It's tasty, but only worth it if it's during "Social Hour" when bar snacks (and draft beers) are half off (so when this is $2.50).. Grits + Gumbo - The only dish I didn't really like. I have to say I was pretty disappointed with this one. I felt like it could have been so much better. The grits were tasty, and the andouille sausage was okay. But the gumbo itself seemed kind of like a thick but not very flavorful chili. I would skip this next time.. . Our friend that came with us on Saturday had the BLT and said it was outstanding. Which I would imagine it was, seeing as how the bacon came from the same company as the pork belly!. . This review is extremely long now. But I swear, this place absolutely deserves all the praise! I suppose I'll stop now but I'll end with this.... . Order the Pork Belly Pastrami!!!
I recently had the opportunity to give this place a second try, and what a world of a difference!. Had reservations with my husband for our wedding anniversary and from the beginning we had a change of heart about the place. From being handed black napkins so that we would not get lint on our clothing, to the bread service (neither of which happened on previous visits) everything was outstanding! Our server Gary was prompt, friendly, knowledgeable, and made us feel very welcome. . I again had the Filet, which of course was AMAZING. We tried the Mac N Cheese but it really wasn't all that impressive. . I really cant wait to eat there again, and bringing more of our foodie friends with us!. Thank you CPH crew for making me see why this place gets 5 stars!
We have visited twice, one time with clients and the other with family, and had delicious food and absolutely superb service each time.  Do not miss the Original Chopped Salad - justifiably famous.  Don't split it - get one all for yourself!  The bar has an excellent beer list - the Goose Island Matilda is always a treat.  Get over there!
Amazing!  What an incredible first time to a place wonderfully run by an old friend!  Peg and I dropped in tonight (early enough so that we could savor the friendship of Bernie and Gina) and had an amazing meal.  Pork belly pastrami appetizer, the traditional chopped salad, and creative main courses of the scallops/grits and meatloaf/yukon gold potato. Of course, the pecan nut bars were an emphatic end to one of the best meals that we have had. It is so  nice to see gracious people excel at what they do, and this is one of the best ever.  We will return and bring friends!!   Love you guys!!
i dine at citizen any night of the week and enjoy taking friends who've not had the cph pleasure.  it's hard to explain/justify the greatness of signature chopped salad (i end up selling it my dinner mate du jour saying the salad is so good it has its own facebook fan page).. the location is great, in the heart of old town and easy to get to as cph is on the corner of 5th and craftsman ct.  the vibe on any going night is easy going no matter how busy it is.  the familiar faces that do the meet and greet is an added touch being as how i notice with every visit cph is busy.  . the atmosphere lighting is great and so is decor.  the seats in dining room could be a bit more "cushiony" to promote more relaxation.  . menu terminology/ingredients could be dumbed down a bit diners who aren't the gourmand.  thankfully my girlfriend erica explained to me what an heirloom potoato is.  oh i get it, when asking what "this" is on the menu, the server can seize the moment to "sell" the dish to my awaiting tastebuds.  still, it's always a turn on to read and KNOW/imagine what the ingredients are than having to wander.. . chopped salad and pork rind apps are top notch.. i enjoyed the chicken with risotto, the smoke flavor was a bit much.. chicken and waffles?  eh, the waffle was had a bit too much "buckwheat" taste to it.  . mac and cheese would be much tastier if not served with sweet salsa on top.  . . i always receive impeccable service when sitting at the bar to eat.  drinks are great and i appreciate the bartender being constant in his attention to service /detail when i appear.  I've been a patron 8+ times now.. he is singlularly responsible for the 2nd visit which has turned into unplanned but definite neverending visits to cph.  i order out here and there from cph.  when i came in one night to pick up the food he rang me up and i told him to keep the change, as i always tip when picking up take out.  (i'm in the service business).. he thanked me and then asked if he could get me a drink while my order was being bagged.  i pick up all the time and am never asked this by waitstaff.. this made the difference.. i enjoyed a shirley temple in a to go cup and naturally he served it without charging.  i don't own a large operation like cph but how nice was it be served a non alcoholic beverage grazie.  again, the little added touches are what keeps a customer coming back.  if only other establishments offered free soft drinks while waiting for food.. . the women's bathroom appears to be cleaned every time i've had to use lady's room.. i've not yet (can't believe it) consumed any dessert.  i'm also wanting to try the grits app.  . . every person i've taken to cph has enjoyed it.
Finally, an AZ restaurant worthy of NYC praise: high quality and innovative, like my favorite restaurants in Manhattan. We sat at the bar, served by an awesome mixologist/bartender named Brandon, who is a fellow foodie as well. Was blown away by their signature dish: Pastrami topped Pork Belly and told Brandon to tell the Chef/Co-Owner that his Pork Belly was better than the famed Momofuku of NYC. He immediately went to the kitchen to pass the message, and it was much appreciated by Chef Bernie. Drinks made by Brandon were outstanding as well, my fav was their signature drink The Im-Port (Jameson, Port, tobacco and leather bitters, rock sugar rim etc). We also had the Smoked Duck, Short Rib and Lamb Burger - all great dishes. Highly recommended and will be pushing for a No Reservations or Layover episode here soon. GO!
We walked here from our hotel the Valley Ho on recommendation from the hotel staff. We were seated shortly and the atmosphere is real nice. The oval shaped bar in the middle sets it off.. . The waiter gave us a 5 minute run down pumping up the menu and it changed what I was going to order. I decided on the meat loaf because it was 3 different types of ground meat. It was a mid-range price at $20 considering the filet was $34.. . I ordered a hummingbird and and later a heff. Both tasty selections. My friends got fancy cocktails, including a pomegranate infused mojito that inspired laughs.. . The food was delicious. I asked him what the amazing sauce was and I believe he said it was a "veal demiglaze (demigloss??). It was delicious. The sides of zucchini and mashed potato were filling. I felt very satisfied after. I would definitely return here and recommend it to friends.. . I was disappointed that none of us tried their house salad that apparently has it's own facebook page but that will be for the next time.
Completely incredible. We had the burrata salad, the original chopped salad and the chicken over risotto. All were masterfully made with perfect, fresh ingredients. The place is not overly fussy, but the food is clearly made my someone with a great deal of skill. It was inventive but not too far out there. And it was so well crafted, but not over worked.  A difficult balance to strike, in my opinion. Our very memorable and charismatic waiter was Gary. And despite his big personality, he knew exactly when we needed him and exactly when we wanted to be left alone with our perfect food. Exceptional experience overall.
Nice bar restaurant with some very interesting cocktails.  The Citi-zen was especially good with its rock candy stir stick (and you can make your drink as sweet as you want).  . . Their famous chopped salad deserves its fame - really good.  The pork belly pastrami was different and oh so good.  And oh last but not least the scallops with grits - who knew grits could be that tasty!. . I definitely need to go back here.
Pork Belly = DELICIOUS. Scallops? I. Don't. Even. LIKE. Scallops, and these were A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Fun and tasty cocktails.  Next time I'm in Phoenix, I WILL go back here. Highly recommend.
I would like to apologize to the restaurant and all the customers for the profanities I yelled out after my first bite of that pork belly pastrami. I couldn't control myself. It was beyond ridiculous. That was probably one of the best pieces of meat I've eaten in a long time.. . The rest of the meal was great as well. The field greens and the cheese plate were both delightful starters.. . The crab cakes were a little bit on the smaller side, definitely the lowlight of the meal.. . The lamb burger that my gf and I split was juicy, flavorful and well cooked. The fries were great. Thin flat slices of the potatoes, very different from the other fries I've had.. . Service was great. Our waiter seemed friendly and honest. . . Overall, it was a very nice meal in Scottsdale. 4 stars for the complete meal, but throwing an extra star on there for the pork belly, that was just awesome.
I stumbled onto this place thanks to Yelp!  My friend and I were enjoying ourselves at a beer festival down the street - and decided that we needed better food than the hot dogs they were serving there at the Venue.  So we strolled in, they had just opened, and we basically had the entire place to ourselves.  Since it was happy hour, we basically ordered one of everything.  No, we weren't sober.  But, yes, we were loving every bite.  The service was equally impressive, and I can't wait to go back for a full meal!
The food was sooooo good my party and i went speechless.  We tried the mac n cheese, pastrami, salad and chicken with waffles appetizers.  For the main course, i ate the scallops with grits.  I did get to try the meatloaf and both were excellent.  Get the  scallops medium rare.  It basically melts in your mouth.  Can't wait to go back and attack the menu again
This place was just amazing. Came here on a whim while traveling for work and was surprised by every bit of the meal. The atmosphere was classy, let laid back. The bar area was well organized and clean and the bartenders super friendly. They refilled my drinks promptly and suggested options through my entire meal.. . I ended up with the pork belly pastrami which was just insanely good for too many reasons to write up. Simply put, just order it and experience it yourself. . . I've always loved chicken & waffles and decided to pull the trigger here at Citizen. The chicken was super moist and the batter was pretty light so it didn't taste or feel overly heavy. The only gripe was the size of the waffle, which was a bit too small for my taste.. . Lastly, the bread pudding made from doughnuts!?!!? You've got to be kidding me right?!! That just put me back a few weeks on my workouts by itself! That dish was just another one that you just have to order and experience on your own. So effin good!
Upon walking into Citizen's PH, we were greeted warmly by the hostess. Once seated, we were promptly approached by our server, Gib, who was personable and helpful in his suggestions from the menu. After enjoying our mouth watering app of Pork Bell Pastrami, melt in your mouth Filet and the best damn Chopped Salad with Salomon I've ever had, Gib escorted us to the very hip and chill Mixology Lounge, upstairs.. I highly suggest enjoying 'dessert' AKA: cocktails, where an amazing Mixologist will perform his magic in whipping up a delectable spirit. . We enjoyed sitting around the fireplace, enjoying our cocktails, and interacting with the Mixologist and his staff, who mingled with us.. A rare find in top notch service, food and ambiance.
The duck was unbelievable! Customer Service and vibe equally as impressive!
This has to be one of my most favorite restaurants in Old Town. I bought a Groupon or Livingsocial or some deal to try it for the first time. Went with the bf on a Friday for a date night. We got there around 7 or so and the place was relatively empty - I was slightly nervous but I'd heard so many good things about this place, I knew it must've just been early. . . We started with two dirty martinis, more like filthy martinis - just how i like it. Then we ordered the Chicken and Waffles appetizer, so good. It was mouthwatering delicious, I probably could've eaten 5 more plates. Then we had the Chopped Salad. It's effing amazing. I dream of this salad - I mean it does have its own FB page. Writing this makes me want it in my belly this second. For dinner, the beau got the scallops and I got the short ribs. Everything was cooked to perfection. Oh don't forget to have a moscow mule while you're there too. . . By the time we left, the place was packed and I was so full I thought I needed a wheelchair. . . I'm sure I'll be back for that salad and to try just about everything else on the menu.
Returned as promised, tried some additional items and increased my rating.  Had the barrel aged Makers Mark cocktail which was excellent.  Snacked on the rosemary roasted nuts (beware they are sweet not savory) and the hummus plate.  Both were outstanding.
This is my all time favorite place in Old Town.  Great food (try the chopped salad for something light, or the short ribs if you had a good workout recently), creative drinks with super friendly bartenders and overall a good vibe.  This is my go-to place for visitors or work events.  Highly highly recommend.
Service was great, food was awesome!  Yelp is right.  Definitely try the pork belly pastrami ($12) and the Citizen chopped salad ($12).  The pan-seared scallops were also winners ($24).. . The cask cocktails are also amazing. So smooth.  The Manhattan ($11) was amazing.  The flavors definitely mellowed in the cask and gave it a unique flavor as well.. . And don't miss the bread pudding!  Yum! $10 and worth every penny!. . Plus one of the only places in downtown Scottsdale that's open past 10pm.  Score!
great food & drinks.  service was very attentive & helpful with food allergy concerns as well.  BACON popcorn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I had the sangria & my hubby had Lost in Translation.  both tasty.  Hubby had chicken & waffles, I had chopped salad & we split a lamb burger.  No dessert this time, but we'll be back!
This was my second visit here and I loved the food again!. This time I ordered the scallops entree and it was delcious. Since my hubby and his parents came with me for restaurant week, we could choose the scallops, meatloaf, or "smart chicken is cool" for our prix fix menu entrees. Upon my first visit here for a friend's birthday, I thought "Really? They actually named a dish "Smart Chicken is Cool"?" I tried it anyway inspite of the title, and I'm glad I did, because the chicken was tender and really tasty unexpectedly. What was even better was the risotto that came with the chicken with truffle oil. I melt for truffles/truffle oil infused food! . The pork belly pastrami as promised did not disappoint! That disappeared very quickly among fourpeople. Perhaps we should've ordered more?. The Im-port mixed drink was very unique in flavor and almost sweet - reminiscent of a dessert port. I liked it better than the Sazerac, which was a little bit potent for my taste. Although I might've enjoyed it more if I didn't have the Im-port first.. Our waiter was good and checked on us often, except when we wanted bread and he forgot to bring it to us. I'll let it slide though, because he was so good otherwise and brought us tons of other "yummy" food and drinks quickly after we placed the order and I applaud him for that on such a busy night (the end of restaurant week this past Sunday).
Everything we had there was excellent and reminded me of Austin: the pork belly pastrami, the beef short ribs, the smoked duck, my Arizona Mule cocktail. It is definitely a lively, noisy atmosphere, but it has a good crowd.
FANTASTIC HH. . . $5 oak barrel aged cocktails (negronis and manhattans are usuals). 1/2 off ALL bar bites. 1/2 off beer. 1/2 off ALL glasses of wine. . DAILY 3-6. . I cannot believe I just discovered their HH. Service NEVER wavers here. I love it. I know exactly what to expect and yet everytime I leave I feel a renewed sense of appreciation for CPH and everything they do there. Service at the bar is great! . . Is it HH yet? !
Went here twice in 2 days during a trip to Scottsdale.  This was back in late May.  It's just that good.  Everything was delicious but what I loved most was there smashed potatoes. Just unreal.  . . Highly recommend to anyone looking for an outstanding meal and experience.
Food done right with service that brings the menu to life.  The duck was  WTF good and the pig belly bacon was as rich as the decour.  If u like cocktails that mean something then the mixology at this place will make you happy, we will be going back!
Great food, creative drinks, good service.  Kale Caesar is awesome, meatloaf is awesome, plus ask about R&D while there...its the secret bar upstairs, insanely cool stuff. Will come back for more.
Great experience at Citizen PH...highly recommend the food and ambience trust me well worth the price!!
Best Moscow Mule I've had in a long while.. . Have been here a few times now, and it never disappoints. Everyone knows the drinks are fantastic - I doubt you'll find better mixed drinks anywhere in Scottsdale except for upstairs at R+D. . . What surprised me was the food. The mixed salad (the one with its own Facebook page) was great. Awesome mix of things, with just enough meat to give it substance. The hummus was well prepared with tasty pita wedges.. For the main course, the coffee-crusted short ribs are can't miss. It comes with a tart cherry sauce that sets the whole thing off.. The scallops were amazing as well, perfectly cooked which can be hard to find.. . After dinner we went up to Citizen R+D where the drinks are on a whole other level.
One of the best meals I've ever had! Great atmosphere, very knowledgable and friendly staff, and dinner with a bottle of wine for about $65. Do NOT pass up this spot!
You'll come to CPH for the cocktails.....you'll stay for the food!. . Citizen's Public House is my go-to destination for craft cocktails in the Valley. These guys mix all the standards exceedingly well, but take it to a new level with their barrel-aged concoctions. I often order a Sazerac (being a home-sick New Orleanian) and these guys make the best one you can find outside of New Orleans. The Happy Hour is a scorching hot deal, half price beer, wines and bar snacks (and they always have a great selection of all 3!). . . The food is pretty amazing too....the pork belly pastrami is phenomenal. The chopped salad is iconic (has it's own facebook page?!) My favorite entrees are the scallops, Amaro meatloaf and Lamb Burger, but I've never had a bad dish here. Ever (and I work 2 blocks away and come here at least 1-2 times a month).
Everything that we ate here was delicious. I started off with the the pork belly pastrami and it was delicious. For the main meal i got was the lamb burger and it was insanely good. Never had a burger like that. It was gamey but tender. For dessert i got the bread pudding. I licked the plate clean. Everything at the restaurant is great. I would recommend this place to all.
Been dying to come here ever since I saw this place on Unique Eats. Very laid back gastropub with a friendly, funny/entertaining staff!  We grabbed drinks at the bar first - Moe'scow Mule (ginger beer, cucumber, lime, rocks) & the Persian (Absolut Wild Tea vodka, St. Germain elderflower liqueur, sweet & sour, Persian cucumber juice, lemon peel, rocks) which were both good, not too strong, but a good refreshing drink.. . Appetizers:. 1) Pork Belly Pastrami (rye spaetzle, Brussels sprout sauerkraut). 2) The Original Chopped Salad. Please order both. They were both delicious! I was in love with the salad especially.. . Entrees:. 1) Lamb Burger (Serbian lepinja roll, pickled cucumber-onion, tzatziki, Kennebec French fries & house made ketchup) I tend to be very picky about my lamb... Actually I'm not reallly a fan of it/the particular taste and smell lamb has. Why I ordered this, I don't know, but I can tell you that I liked it. The taste/odor of lamb wasn't overwhelming and it was juicy.. 2) Pan Seared Scallops (Hampshire bacon, roasted corn grits, wilted snow pea greens & Red Rock cola gastrique). 3) Amaro Meatloaf (Montenegro Amaro Italian liqueur, pork, beef, parsnip meatloaf, smashed Yukon gold potatoes, roasted zucchini, veal demi-glace): the server described it as very meaty and meaty it was! Usually meatloaf is fluffed up with a lot of bread crumbs, but this one was mainly just meat. The mashed potatoes were very good as well.
The food was great. Duck, meatloaf, filet mignon and the fish of today were excellent prepared. A relief after all these snacks and fast food chains in the US.
After a day at the Grand Canyon, we arrived late & not at our prettiest with kids in tow. Fondue excellent as was chicken & waffles. Prices very reasonable and portions surprisingly generous. Delicious!
Came here while visiting family in Scottsdale and our experience was superb. Everything we ordered was fantastic and the service was outstanding (I think our server's name was Clark, he was so dedicated and enthusiastic.) Clark even brought us a salad for us to try on the house which was also delightful. All six of us ordered different entrees and not one was displeased with their choice. I ordered the scallops, which were delicious, and went perfectly with the bottles of white wine. We all felt very welcome here and I certainly wouldn't mind stopping in on my next trip to Scottsdale.
Wow!  Their cocktail list blew me away.  So rare to find a place with a well rounded list of old school cocktails!  Each one is like a pice of art crafted to make you smile.  After the aperitif this place keeps me happy with outstanding food.  Bacon Popcorn: Delish.  Olives: Excellent to nibble with cocktails.  Mac & Cheeze: American standard done well here.  Chicken and Waffles: Gluten free and tasty.  Short Ribs: Big portion and well prepared.  Scallops: A savory take on this normally light dish.  Pudding Dessert: Hit the spot.  Best meal I've had in a long time!
Absolutely amazing food with great drinks and service.
My favorite restaraunt in Scottsdale. The lamb burger, pastrami and chopped salad were delicious. Great selection of drinks but the real find is the bar upstairs. I'd suggest to go here for dinner and then drinks upstairs. . . This is a great place for a date or to celebrate a special occasion with friends.
Love this place. The atmosphere is cool but the staff and food are what makes it. We now got to CPH every time we are in town. We sit at the bar and watch Thomas do his magic. Damn he makes good cocktails. He is very creative. We have had the truffle popcorn with pork belly, e fondue is to die for but the best thing we had was the watermelon salad with grilled halloumi, mint, evoo, and a Japanese green. It was refreshing on a summer day. People watching is pretty good too. Apparent, they have a speakeasy bar upstairs, next time.
I've been looking forward to eating here for months after hearing such raving reviews from my friends and family and I have to admit, they were absolutely right.. this place is amazing!. . I came here with friends to celebrate a recent engagement and when our waiter asked what brought us in tonight I had mentioned the special occasion, and without even asking he had sent over four glasses of champagne to toast the occasion. Kudos CPH. . . I had a chance to enjoy the short ribs braised in a red wine sauce and my taste buds instantly became my taste BFF's, wow this dish is incredible and if you don't order this you're outa your dang mind.. enough said. I cant recall exactly what my friends had ordered because we all know what really matters is what is in front of your face. All I know is they all had the same great experience I had as well.  Thank you Citizens, you did not disappoint!
I couldn't find the location or where to place this but a small group of foodies and booze hounds just checked out the speak easy called R and D.  Maybe its not the best place to put something this good online but if you have a chance to check out the hush hush fight club type drinking lounge with 10 rules outside of Citizen Public, I highly advise.  It is simply MIND BLOWING!!!  We had an amazing time tasting all the concoctions and if you're looking for something amazing Blood and Sand and The Monk.  The mixologists (dare to call them Bartenders haha) explained history and components of each of the drinks which was great and also gave some reccomendations based on the palate of the group.  Tony was also super attentive and made sure that not only our group but everyone present was well taken care of.  Outstanding service, amazing drinks and if I had to suggest something semi-laser pointer mind shattering AWESOME try the key lime pie desert.  Balanced and great clean up for a potent cocktail.
awesome dinner here for my friends birthday!!  the bartender kris was great and showed off his mixing skills and flaming shots (delish) our server gibb was a blast, super fun and knew a ton about the menu so he didn't steer us wrong in what we ordered.  love the mac n cheese, chop salad, scallops and the short ribs...just the right amount of food for 3 of us to share.  can't wait to come back and we'll be sure to spread the word :)
Uber cool and pleasantly surprised! We arrived at 5:30 to check out the bar for happy hour. They offer incredible old fashioned infused cocktails and unique appetizers! For dinner we started with the chop salad that is a must!!!!!!!! I had the seared scallop dish! It was perfect! My husband had short ribs that were excellent! The bartender, Thomas, was extremely personable and educated us onthe entire experience of this place! We enjoyed him so much that we passed on taking a table we had reserved! We love to try a little bit of everything when dinning someplace new. Unfortunately, we couldn't check out the mixology bar upstairs because we did not have a DD! Next time for sure! It's a little hidden secret in Old Town Scottsdale! We recommend to go early so you can enjoy everything!
Salad, chicken and waffels, and the lamb burger.  So good.
The service, cocktails, and food are THE best in Old Town.
The chopped salad and pork belly pastrami blew my damn mind. Great staff, great food and reasonable prices make this my favorite spot in old town.
Best chicken and waffles around.
I was in town on business and came here off of a recommendation. Was not disappointed! I went with the filet mignon and it was perfect. Great ambiance, awesome food, and a knowledgeable bartender. What more could you ask for?
Another student schooled on the Yelp Eats menu, here to report that CPH made the grade. . . I got on the short bus and started the ride with a Hemingway Daiquiri (I thought it sounded studious, it certainly tasted smart) and some bacon popcorn--no surprises here, but hey, it's bacon right? The bell rang and first period began with pita, hummus and tzatziki.. . From there I got seriously edu-ma-cated on cuisine 101. Second period brought the chopped salad, it was everything it was chopped up to be, a fantastic formula of texture and style that managed to balance salmon, cous cous and freaking trail mix, which is an equation I'll never unravel. On to third period, a study break with the Lost in Translation cocktail, an immensely lush melding of tequila, yuzu juice and lemon peel. Fourth period delivered scallops on roasted corn grits with--you guessed it--more bacon! I'll just say this about the scallops: the best I've ever had in the waterless West. Oh, and I couldn't remember all the answers so when the teacher wasn't looking I had a bite of Aimee's Amaro meatloaf, which made me so fat it almost got me expelled. . . I seriously considered skipping fifth period. There wasn't any room left to cram. But when the bread pudding and fudge brownie walked up to the chalkboard, all of a sudden I was hungry for more learnin', which was miraculous because I now know that "bagel crisp streusel" isn't just food, it's a straight-up philosophy.. . This is your brain on bacon, butter and bagel. You'll be cooked.
One of the best restaurants in the valley hands down. The service was great. Food was delicious. Go try. You won't be disappointed. I'm a food snob too. :)
Great place for a date, great food and atmosphere.  A little pricey but the food is worth it.
Two things stand out:. . 1) Chopped salad. (I'm told it has its own Facebook page and a man doesn't just toss that salad aside.) It was celebrity-worthy.. . 2) Pregnant lady drink. That's not the name of it, but I happened to be dining with two expecting mothers in my group. As the only other non-drinker, I was happy to sip water. However, when these ladies got their fruited drinks and saw my simple H20 they took it upon themselves to ensure I joined the fruited party. They order the "pregnant lady drink" for me. Seeing the opportunity, the restaurant did it up right and packed more fruit and garnish in that drink than in most grocer's produce section. Well played.. . I lied--the meatloaf also stood out, the scallops were outstanding, and I had a steak. I rarely order a stake, but when I do I order it rare. So tender. So simple, but with a nice, rich sauce to accompany the beef.. . Honestly, the evening is a blur. The server handled our big, rowdy crowd with aplomb and grace and deserves a huge pat on the back for the effort. They showed us a tremendous time. The space is gorgeous, happy, and legitimately serving up some fantastic dishes.
Dining here with a large group was a trip. Eating in groups larger than 8 can get interesting, but the peeps at CPH were on their "A" game from start to finish. Service was seamless and so was the food.. . The Chopped Salad alone was a 5-star experience. WOW! It's been a long time since a salad has left me in a state of "awe." This is no exaggeration my friends. Israeli Cous Cous, roasted corn, tomato, pepitas, smoked salmon, arugula and currants with a wildly delicious buttermilk pesto dressing. This salad certainly does have it's own Facebook page, and I LIKED it! The salad is dressed and tossed table-side. It was love at first bite and I can't wait for my next visit to PHX to fall in love all over again.. . Next, that bacon popcorn was delectable. Not really sure what makes popcorn "heirloom" popcorn, but that bacon fat and bacon lardons mixed in were perfection. This wasn't the first time I've eaten bacon popcorn, but it was the first time I didn't find it overly greasy. . . U-10 scallops were my choice for dinner and they were seared to perfection. I'm not a fan of lot's of sauce and reductions on my seafood, so the dish was little on the rich side for my taste, but I think this would be winner in most people's books. . . By the time dessert came around I wasn't quite sure I could take another bite of food I was so full! By this point I was entering my food coma and this part of the evening is pretty much a fuzzy. . . I'll definitely be back to CPH. Food and service were excellent and they really made sure our group had a wonderful time.
Everything is delicious! The chopped salad has so much flavor you will find yourself craving it. We went to eat here twice in a three night stay in Scottsdale. The drinks are wonderful. My husband tried a variety of them and enjoyed each one. I loved the wine offerings. The grits are outstanding and so are the creamy parsnips. We will definitely be back on our next visit to Scottsdale.
If I lived in Scottsdale I'd probably be broke in a short amount of time because I'd be spending all my money buying cocktails at Citizen Public House. Drinks like The Persian (Absolut Wild Tea vodka, St. Germain elderflower liqueur, housemade sweet & sour, Persian cucumber juice, lemon peel, served on the rocks) or the Citi-Zen (Absolut Pear vodka, Domaine de Canton ginger liqueur, housemade sweet & sour, rock candy, lemon twist, served up.) . . Or I might find myself slipping in through the back door to head to the upstairs speakeasy, buying a tableside gin and tonic and laughing my best mad scientist laugh while doing so.. . Or I might just have to eat the Chopped Salad every.single.day of the rest of my life.. . Or I might live on Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn alone.. . All I know is that it's a good thing I don't happen to live in Scottsdale...
Would it be rude or pretentious of me to admit that I wouldn't find great food and cocktails in Scottsdale? Well, mea culpa. I honestly didn't expect much out of this city when it comes to comestibles. But Citizen Public House surprised me on all levels. . . The cocktails here are crazy good. They even have a little 'speakeasy'-ish mixology lab upstairs that's all secret and only accessible by... wait... can I tell? Anyway, these folks are making some interesting drinks with house-made infusions, tinctures, and various chemistry equipment. Better than the best drinks in PDX? I don't know about that, but impressive all the same. . . The food is a very big surprise for me. The chop chop salad is, from what I understand, legendary, and from tasting it I am not surprised. I also sampled some tasty meatloaf and delicious scallops. The fact that I can't recall the dessert doesn't mean it wasn't memorable, I think it had to do with my focus on the drinks and mains. I recall everyone at the table enjoying them. . . Service? Impeccable. 'Nuff said. . . Consider me a little humbled.
I thoroughly enjoyed my first visit here. The food was ok, but the drinks made the night and so did our personable and skilled bartender who did an awesome job in serving, teaching, and entertaining us while our party of 3 sat at the bar waiting for our table.  . . DRINKS:. -I ordered the Persian. -My friend ordered the  Citi-zen. -Her friend ordered the Moscow Mule, which by the way came served to her in a copper mug and a pickle:  the LEGIT WAY to serve any Moscow Mule (shout out to our bartender who informed us of this interesting fact).  . . My friend's drink was served to her in a martini glass. However, she asked our bartender to pour her drink into an old fashioned glass since she was a klutz when it came to drinking from martini glasses. He willingly obliged but also joked around with the rest of us and asked what drinks we wanted AND what glassware we preferred our drinks in lmao. Needless to say he made our drinks really well and really strong: our drinks were the perfect combination of preserving the integrity of the various flavors while packing a strong punch.  When our table was called we sadly parted ways and what's worse, I completely forgot to ask his name -_-. . The rest of my experience here was ok. We were seated in the little room off of the main dining room. I would've preferred to eat at the bar then eat in this small area because it felt closed off from the rest of the restaurant.  . . FOOD:. -I ordered the grilled halloumi cheese sandwich. -my friend ordered the kale salad. -her friend ordered the "original chopped salad' which apparently has its own Facebook page (click on the FB link located in the online menu on Citizen Public's website). . . My grilled halloumi cheese sandwich was definitely a frou frou version of the classic dish, it was good but it was a bit disappointing only because I didn't know  this type of cheese doesn't melt and I was totally in the mood for some cheesy cheesiness. My least favorite part of my dish was the bread, it was just too thick tough to chew. My friend's kale salad was a complete bust. The kale was completely raw which was ok expect it was hardly dressed so alot of the bitterness was still there. It was also hardly chopped so there were large pieces of raw and bitter kale to eat. The "original chopped salad; was the best dish out of everyone's. Each ingredient used is arranged in neat rows and presented to you on a plate.  The server then pours the dressing to your liking and proceeds to mix all the colorful ingredients and then serves it to you. . . I'd definitely come back just to sit at the bar and try some more of their interesting cocktails; chit chat with the super awesome bartender who assisted us during my 1st visit here; and possibly try another food dish or stick to the chopped salad.
Gastronomic greatness, at happy hour prices!. --------------------. We were in town visiting some friends, and they recommended we check this place out. We were VERY HAPPY we came here!. . Sat at the bar at around 3:30 in the afternoon. Then we learned there was a happy hour with 1/2 price bar snacks, cocktail drinks, and draft beer. Score!. . What we got:. - house hefeweizen: just a little more "hoppy" than I'm used to, but still crisp and refreshing. Plus, it was only $2.50. . . - chopped salad: have you ever had a salad that has its own Facebook page? Didn't think so. . This was a very colorful and delicious mix of chopped smoked salad, Israeli couscous, toasted pumpkin seeds, arugula, and fire roasted tomatoes.  They mix this at tableside. What an explosion of flavors and textures: creamy, salty, smoky, nutty, soft, crunchy. . . - Pork belly pastrami - GET THIS!!! This is a popular choice, with succulent pork belly that melts in your mouth. This is paired with fried spaetzle, and sauteed brussel sprouts. . . - chicken and waffles: chicken thigh meat, fried to golden crispy perfection with rice flour. Comes with a small waffle with a dollop of savory butter.  Served with a small ramekin of honey. If you aren't a douche, they might give you a bit of maple syrup as well. Extra bonus!. . This place is definitely worth checking out.
While the baby in my stomach has been extremely well fed over the past 9 months, I think the meal I had at Citizen Public House was one of my best I've had in a long time. Considering the source (yours truly) has 2080+ reviews you can betcha this meal was pretty incredible.. . My large party of 15 or so people was waited on by the oh so fabulous Gary, who did his best to provide serious VIP treatment. Gary started the meal by bringing out the popcorn bacon appetizer...can't go wrong with that combo! From there I had the chopped salad, which I've been dreaming about ever since. I opted for mine with chicken instead of smoked salmon (looking out for the little guy). It's the best salad I've ever had and I bet it's even better with salmon.. . I ordered scallops for my main entree and they were delish, but I was too full to eat more than 1 (it comes with 30). Somehow I made room for a few bites of the variety of heavenly desserts Gary brought out to our table to end our oh so fabulous meal.. . Guess where I'll be eating during my next trip to Scottsdale? Yep, Citizen House...and hopefully by then I'll be able to indulge in those cocktails everyone is yelping about!
After multiple visits I can't complain. Food is always delicious. Servers are always personable, well informed and attentive. Take your friends. Take your family. From drinks to dessert everyone will be happy.
This place is a legit 5 star place.  Lots of beautiful people.  I never realized the beautiful people of Arizona hang out in Scottsdale.  Chopped salad, pork belly pastrami, short ribs, scallops, dream jar, coffee, and the wife's sangria.  All well prepared, with quality ingredients, presented artfully and timely.  Frickn Scottsdale, had no idea, my boy TR3 would love this town, lotsa tall white people.
Came here with a couple classmates to celebrate our last day of pharmacy school with some drinks and boy! The drinks were OMG GOOODD! If I'm ever back in the area, I'd probably just come back for the drinks :) and the server was super sweet and brought us each a glass of champagne with no charge.
First off, I really enjoyed the atmosphere here.  . . The chef knows what he is doing.  He takes an already buttery delicious treat like popcorn and adds bacon to it, awesome.  For a main course I had the duck, medium rare, and it was cooked perfectly with the skin crispy and the inside a nice pink.  The only bad thing for me was it was a bit salty but still amazingly good.
Fancy pants meets working class watering hole.  I've visited this spot a few times via friend recommendation on the food.  . . Pork belly is amazing, shrimp pasta is surprisingly creamy and flavored with garlic and deliciousness.  Mussels are to die for!  . . What really got me about CPH is the gathering of every day people just wanting to enjoy a drink.  If you're in the service industry this bar will be a second home for you!  In spite of it's romantic feel, candle lit tables and linen tablecloths; you will feel right at home with the friendliest bartenders in Old Town.  . . Not pretentious but could be if it wanted to.
The Original Chopped Salad is stupid good.  Seriously.. . I almost laughed when I saw the salad has it's own Facebook page.  After I ate it, I knew why.  And I "liked" the page, lol.. . My friends and I loved everything we had, and be warned - the cocktails are potent!  I had the salad as my meal (and shared two desserts with my 4 friends), and was comfortable (not too full, but not hungry still).  If you're a big eater, you might want to order something else along with the salad.. . But order the damn salad.
7 Santas walk into a bar on a chilly Scottsdale evening...  It was post-Santarchy (our yearly Santa pub crawl).  We were tired, hungry and needed a little unwinding before shedding our Santa gear.  . . It's a pretty upscale place and I worried we'd be out of place in our Christmas cheer but they were extremely friendly and showed us to a table immediately.  The late night menu was fairly small but incredibly diverse.  Biscuits and gravy, porridge with fruit, nuts and pork, flatbread with hummus and tatziki...  The food was delicious.  So much so that we stole a "regular" dinner menu from a nearby table to check it out.  Looks like a winner.  It was a great place to relax and recover from a raucous evening.  We will be back soon during regular dinner hours.
AMAZING!. . I've never had a bad experience here. This is my absolute favorite place in Old Town. Chopped salad is amazing! My favs are the scallops and the chopped salad. The bartenders are nothing short of superb so order a crazy drink, it's bound to be good!
This place is fantastic.. . In town for the weekend, and tired and criminally under-dressed in a hoodie and jeans, came here after not finding much else that tripped our trigger in the downtown area. Boy, what a surprise!. . Classy inside, with the New York-like black and white interior, with lots of sleek lines and glossy surfaces, we were welcomed immediately and led to a table where our server showed up attentively, but long enough for us to get settled in. It's a talent I wish more servers had.. . Ordered cocktails, which we enjoyed, but the real shining star was the food which was outstanding. Let me recount:. . Bacon Heirloom Popcorn. Chicken and Waffles. Mac n' Cheese. Pork Belly Pastrami. Truffle Grilled Cheese. . Aside from being WAY too much food for two people, everything on that menu save the grilled cheese was delicious, and the grilled cheese only didn't reach that mark by a notch or two. They have many main courses, but if you don't get the pastrami and the chicken and waffles, you're cheating yourself.. . Prices are what you'd expect for this type of atmosphere and location, and I'd suggest getting lots of appetizer type food rather than getting a full-on main course, though I'm sure those are delicious as well.. . Also an excellent place for sending guests who are from out of town for weddings in the area for dinner the night before.
This place was absolutely fantastic! Great ambiance and fantastic food. We got the Pork Belly Pastrami, which was like an inside out Ruben, wonderful. Chopped Salad, very good, especially with the smoked salmon. Gypsy Bacon Sandwich, the bacon was unbelievable, along with the sandwich innards made it refreshing. Lastly we got the Duck. This was probably the best. It had a great "millet" (like grits), and it went so well with the perfectly cooked duck.. . The only thing I would suggest, it to NOT get the Pork Belly and Bacon Sandwich together. There was just a bit too much bacon/pork flavor, it detracted a bit from the meal. It would have been helpful if the server had mentioned that.. . Overall, I would highly recommend Citizen Public House. It is a bit pricy, but just getting the sandwiches would definitely help keep the price down.
Bacon and popcorn was good. Pork belly pastrami was the real treat though. After that the chopped salad was a great original kind of taste that I have never had before. Thanks to the bartender Thomas for good conversation and superb craft cocktails. I hope to visit again soon.
I had a hard time choosing between Citizen Public House or the Mission for my one dinner while vacationing in Scottsdale.  I am so glad we chose here.  From the martinis, the appetizers (pastrami pork belly is really that good!; bacon popcorn yum). the entrees (one of the best duck I have tasted and perfectly cooked), and the service, I highly recommend this place.  . . The only downside is that it is really loud and you need to talk in a raised voice (need to put some noise reducing elements in the interior). . . Good times!
I am a big fan of gastropubs, espcially when they are as elevated as the Citizen is.. . We requested to sit next to the open window that faces the street.  It was a beautiful November evening, so a slight breeze was welcomed while we enjoyed our meal.. . Our server Clark was absolutely charming.  He gave excellent recommendations when we needed some advice and he was able to joke around with us as we inhaled everything brought to our table!  Our cobb salad, our pork belly, the cocktails, dessert, EVERYTHING!  . . Some of the items we tried:. -PORK BELLY PASTRAMI: house made and freaking delish!! melt in your mouth good!. -THE ORIGINAL CHOPPED SALAD: awesome presentation. -FAIR TRADE SHORT RIBS. -ROASTED BUTTERMILK CHICKEN. -GRILLED LAMB LOIN. -Moe'scow Mule: coper cup and everything!. -Citi-Zen: very refreshing.  I'm not a vodka fan, but this was smooth and sweet!. . We will have to visit the Citizen Pulic House next time we're in town!
We came back for dinner on Friday evening and it was everything I hoped it would be. . . If you're an alcoholic...err... "alcohol aficionado", this is the place for you.  They offer barrel aged cocktails which is a truly unique experience.  They're a bit spendy at regular price but if you go during "Social Hour", they're half price and a steal (note to CPH: I appreciate not being forced to be happy.  Thanks for validating the preferences of pissy people everywhere.)  The term "craft cocktails" is starting to go the way of  sun-dried tomatoes (sad and overused), but currently there isn't a better description and this is definitely a destination for a twist on the sauce.  If my husband were granted full access to their bar and nifty ingredients, I might never see him again.(But granted, it's been a good run.)  . . We ordered the mac n' cheese, chicken and waffle, and crab cakes for appetizers.  All were fantastic.  I thought the chicken and waffle was a strange offering but an app but it works.  For din-din, our table had the short ribs, filet, duck, and meatloaf.  Six loud tipsy people were quiet for maybe an entire minute which should tell you something.  Desserts were an exercise in competitive eating but we managed.  Our table had the pumpkin bread pudding, apple pie and dream pudding.  YUM.  We then accomplished a gastronomic feat by indulging in their house-made egg nog.  It was a thick, creamy, delicious glass of shame.      . . The service was fantastic.  Our waiter was friendly, funny and engaging.  They did a wonderful job of taking care of us without hovering.  . . I'm not the biggest fan of Old Town thanks to the douche bag/Ax factor but this is definitely a compelling reason to make my way through guys in too tight t-shirts who say "dude" excessively.
We have gone to citizen's about a dozen times and they never disappoint. Great service and exceptional food. The drinks are aways creative and excellent. We always have to get the original chopped salad. The tender belly pastrami is amazing. This time we had the trout which was good but probably not great. However it the first time I could say that about any of the food. The rubbed spare ribs are incredible.
I was so pleasantly surprised with the food and service at this restaurant. We had the Applewood Smoked Duck, Pan Seared Scallops and Chopped salad and they were all amazing. The food duck and scallops were cooked to perfection. Our waiter was hilarious.. . I would absolutely come back here next time I'm in Scottsdale.
This was definitely the best meal of this year's holiday trip..... . The Kale Caesar! is a very creative interpretation of the timeless classic.  We loved the melted Scamorza cheese.  . . I had the Applewood Smoked Duck for my entree, accompanied by a glass of the Siduri pinot from Willamette.  The wine was perfect with the cherry sauce, besides the fact that pinot is a classic pairing with duck.  A glass of Siduri for $12 is a great deal, too.  I loved the way the duck was prepared, too, and it did not weigh me down afterwards like duck often can, either.. . My wife had the buttermilk roasted chicken along with a glass of their creative (and delicious) interpretation of sangria.  Roasted Brussels sprouts and sweet corn are part of the presentation.  . . Dessert was the decadent Dream Pudding Jar.  We always get excited about an original dessert dish, and this one did not disappoint.. . Service was top notch all the way, also.
I had the Crispy Steelhead, and it was delicious! The sweet pea risotto and roasted tomato-chanterelle ragout were a great addition. If you're looking for a great restaurant with an original menu, this is the place to go! Friendly staff and they were quick to seat us.
Every time I am in Scottsdale, I come in here at least once. The food is fantastic, and the drinks are great, too. I love the space, & the dark wood beams against a light wall w/ dim lighting make it a spot for any occasion. The staff is very friendly & accommodating, & they will ensure you enjoy your visit. I HIGHLY recommend the Chopped Salad & the duck (if available), but all the food is wonderful. I highly recommend to anyone.
So good I almost have to go back and lower the ratings of 5 star restaurants just to emphasize that this place isn't playing around.  Service, food, drinks, atmosphere, and location this place had it all. Being the foodies that we are my wife and I picked our hotel in Scottsdale not based on how close it was to the event we were attending but based on the surrounding restaurants. This gastropub did not let us down, we started off with the pork belly it was so tender and perfectly seasoned that I almost contemplated ordering another one for my entree. But the rest of the menu looked so appetizing and our waiter was so enthused about the rest of the food that I went with the duck and my wife went with the restaurant week prix fix menu.
Our server Gary was awesome. Food was amazing...an experience.
Great food, great service.  I'll be back soon!. . Nice to find a great place!
I'm not sure what I can say about this place that hasn't been said already. The service is beyond compare, the place is clean and fresh feeling. The drinks are unique and quite tasty. I was really happy with my selections, and the food is out of this world. Delicious chopped salad (with a facebook page all its own) and yummy scallops, short ribs, and meatloaf too. Who'd a thunk meatloaf could be so tasty??? Desert was a tad underwhelming and I do love a good dessert, so maybe next time. Great place for a romantic dinner too. Yum.
Lives up to its 5 star billing.  The chopped salad was the highlight.  My party of four agreed-- you've never had a salad like this.  The lamb burger was also very very special.  The lepinja roll the burger comes on is absolutely perfect, the best piece of bread I've eaten in a long long time.. . The porkbelly pastrami was rich and silky, but could have used more peppery pastrami-ness.  Still, a great piece of meat.. . My wife did not love her grilled cheese.  She said the varied textures of the cheeses was not pleasant.  I had her leftovers the next day, and I tend to agree.  Very good flavor though, and again, superb bread.. . They serve Goose Island Matilda on draft, which is now my favorite beer.
Im really sorry to say that I have not sat down formerly for a real meal. Stopped here for happy hour with a friend which has great deals on drinks and small dishes. Tried the "Kilt Lifter Fondue" which was delicious-came with sausages, bread and fruit with a glass of malbec. We sat at the bar with extremely friendly bartenders. . The restaurant is simple yet elegant. . Great date spot or a simple night out!
AMAZING FOOD!!!!  Pretty much anything you order on the menu is AMAZING!  Some of the best stuff that we all tried at our table was the Bacon-Fat popcorn, short ribs, meatloaf, the Original Chop Salad and the Ruben appetizer.  For all you Gluten-Free people out there too, there are a TON of options on the menu and they are called out, so it makes ordering easy.  Everyone in your group is sure to find something they'll love!
Hands down one of the best restaurants in Scottsdale.  Atmosphere is great, owners are uber nice, and the care they have for their restaurant shows in the food.  I love this place
For just the food, I'd probably give citizen 4 stars. The food is great but very heavy. What bumps it up to five are the cocktails. I've tried several of the cocktails on the menu and all of them are amazing. The waitstaff and bar staff are also phenomenal. Great experience for dinner or to stop by the bar for drinks.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVED this place! . . Came in with a large group all in town for a wedding, people were coming & going from our table and the server/other staff were all super accommodating to our needs. It was like a mini reunion of all us college friends and we could not have chosen a better spot.. . Since we had a large group it also allowed for me to try a little bit of everything, including the Pork Belly Pastrami (which the hus said was awesome), Burrata, Short Ribs, Sallops, Filet Mignon, Smoked Duck and my personal favorite Bernies Mac n' Cheese (which I went ahead and completely hogged).. . Absolutely everything we tried was perfection. Definitely the best meal our entire stay in Scottsdale!
Very innovative and original . Great staff and unique drinks ! Get the scallops !
I absolutely love this place! I was working out of town in Phoenix recently and visited here on a whim on a Sunday evening - wonderful wine on the happy hour list, impecable service - I sat at the bar and there were amazing bartenders, and the scallops were to die for! I highly recommend this place.
OMG, you guys, I think I'm in love.  Maybe I've been stuck in the suburbs for too long, butI was so impressed with Citizen.  I finally had a chance to check it out, and during "social hour" no less.  I had been hearing about those barrel aged cocktails, so I had to give one a try.  I don't normally go for the bourbon and whiskey cocktails, so the waiter recommended the Pacific Coast Cocktail, and described it as "sort of their version of sangria".  It was really good, really strong and $5 to boot (during social hour).  I had to switch to wine after that because I didn't want to get completely wasted in front of a bunch of strangers.  I also took the liberty of ordering the bacon fat popcorn for the table because Holy Jesus.  Bacon.  Popcorn.  How could you go wrong?  You can't, and this was truly sent from heaven.  Or hell, maybe.  Either way, it was freaking amazing and I would eat it every day if I could.  . . I ordered the Short Rib, much to my boyfriend's chagrin.  I always seem to order what he wants, and then he has to order something else (sorrynotsorry).  Oh Lord, not to be a yelp stereotype here, but it was TO DIE for.  Short Rib?  Amazing.  Parsnip Mash?  Why didn't I think of this?  Swiss Chard?  Yes.  And it is gluten free, for those of you on that food trip.. . Our waiter was totally on top of things, made great suggestions, and was super sweet.  Basically, everything I ask for in a waiter.  And the atmosphere?  Yes, it has that "cool, hipster vibe" described by other reviewers, but I like it, and I didn't find it pretentious or snobby at all.  . . Overall, I want to go to CPH like EVERYDAY, but alas, I cannot.  I will settle for going as often as I can to enjoy their delicious food and libations.  And I encourage you to do the same.
Peanut butter paradise!  All I gotta say!  Wow!!!
Wow! First the name was intriguing. Then, the food and service were fantastic. We had appetizers and drinks, with dessert and it was just right. One of the most interesting menus I have seen in a long time. Creative, inspired and just plain fun.
CPH is amazing! We have never had a bad meal there.  We have tried a few of their salads, including the Chopped, Fernet Steak, and local field greens, all if which were good.  We also tried the Pork Belly Pastrami appetizer, which they have received numerous reviews on, and it was delicious.  My husband LOVES the short ribs in the coffee rub.  My absolute favorite is the scallops.  They are fresh and cooked properly, and are paired with some wilted greens, corn grits and a cola gastrique sauce.  The whole combination is amazing!  We are normally stuffed, so have only tried dessert once, but it was incredible as well.  We ordered the apple pie in a cheddar cheese crust, and it was by far the best apple pie I have ever tried.  We love Citizen Public House and will continue to call it one of our favorite restaurants in the Phoenix area!
Amazing food, great service, fantastic place for a nice dinner!  We were very impressed.  I thought this place was still a dance club, nope it's a really nice restaurant!  The duck was decadent and my husband loved his chicken.  Thanks Owen for the superb service.
It's no secret that this place is great.  Took my valentine here for dinner and it was beautiful.  The service was great, the food was delicious, and it made me look like a thoughtful boyfriend.  What more could a man want?. I had the duck, which was cooked perfectly.
Finally, I got to dine here! It was well worth the wait. I came here last Friday (2/22) to take advantage of the last day of AZ Cocktail Week. Usually this place is really busy and it's hard to get a table without a bit of a wait. Thankfully, we made reservations! . . This place is so cool. The atmosphere is really hip and classy. I had been here (and Citizen R + D) a few times before but wanted to wait until I tried the food to make a review. . . I had the Negroni cocktail, which was..alright. I mean, I can't really judge a drink when I've never had it before and it wasn't my cup o' tea but I'm sure if you like gin you'd enjoy it! I've had their Moscow Mule before and the Cotton Cooler (at R + D) so I'm confident in their cocktail skills. . . There aren't too many veg options on the menu. There were a few things that caught my eye though-the mac n cheese and the grilled cheese sandwich. In the battle of which cheesy dish to select, I went with the grilled cheese since it seemed like a healthier option (the only healthy aspect being that it came with a field greens salad). Let me just say..this might've been the best grilled cheese I've had IN MY LIFE. This sandwich was not only melty cheese goodness, but had truffled mashed potatoes and onions on it. The salad was pretty delicious too, but the sandwich was definitely the standout. . . The service was really good and our server was very informative on the menu & friendly. It was a great dining experience! And I will probably try to recreate the grilled cheese at home. It was that good.
Fantastic food & service, loved the ambiance. We'll be back again next year for Spring Training.
Best drinks ever!
A lovely (and very lively) pub/bar restaurants with really reasonable price & GREAT GREAT food! Two of us stopped by this place on a Tuesday evening while on our business trip after consulting Yelp. Even on a (mid)weekday evening, the inside of Citizen (although not full) was very lively (as opposed to other restaurants that seemed empty!). I love the fact that they had a list of MANY cocktail drinks for you to choose from. The waitress was great at recommending some vodka-based cocktails that my friend would like as well! For food, we opted for:. . Appetizers: 1) Pork Belly Pastrami and 2) Chopped Salad. Both dishes were excellent! The pork belly was tender and with a mustard-based sauce and a bed of vegetable (I forgot what the veg was) while the chopped salad was so refreshing! (probably the bacon made it taste so great!. . Main dish: 1) Seared Scallops and 2) Crispy Steelhead. The seared scallops were also great and came with saucey looking food of what tasted like mashed potato. The steelhead was actually a fillet (instead of whole fish) and I love their green pea risotto that came with it. Honestly, I actually like their appetizers more and thought the main dish was quite large (well, since we had 2 appetizers already!)...but the food was very good still!. . Dessert: Pina Colada Bread Pudding (heaven~~~)...tasted/smell of toasted coconut was so aromatic after we took a bite of dessert. I'm normally not a dessert person but since the food here was so good (both appetizers and main dishes), I was glad we tried their dessert out, too!. . All in all, the bill came to around $90 without tip including 2 cocktails)...really reasonable!! highly recommend this place as a place to hang out! Judging from the fact that it was actually crowded even on a Tuesday evening, I do have a feeling this place gets really crowded on Friday/weekend though!
Hands down the best meal and service I quite possibly have ever had! Pork belly appetizer, scallop entree, and braised beef entree were something I'll be dreaming about for a while..! If you're looking for a great place to eat and are willing to spend the money I promise it will be worth it. You MUST request Owen for your server... He is very knowlegable about the menu which helps in deciding what to get. Not to mention he could be the best all around server we ever had! We will absolutely eat here again when in the area!
The food here is phenomenal. That is the real draw. They really take great care in selecting the best ingredients and preparing it right. . . However, it IS expensive. It might be cheap by old town Scottsdale standards, but still expect to pay $20-40 per entree and $12 per cocktail.. . The food is worth every penny though.
This was a pick for a girls night out.  I ordered the pan seared scallops and they were phenomenal.  Their "Persian 9" specialty cocktail is crazy good.  I'm glad I was with a group who like to share plates.  It allowed for a nice sampling of the menu.  The friendly staff and great service along with the fabulous food make this a place I recommend with confidence.
In town for a conference, so decided to grab dinner here with a couple of friends from work. Looking at the menu ahead of time, I was drawn to the bacon fat popcorn and figured either this would be awesome or it was going to be an absolute bacon-trend disaster of a meal.  It was outstanding.  We arrived and the place was fairly busy.  Definitely energetic but not to the point where one couldn't carry on a conversation without shouting.  Started of with some of the house cocktails and bacon fat popcorn and the kilt lifter fondue.  Cocktails were strong, yet balanced and flavorful.  The popcorn was ridiculous, not greasy or over-the-top, with pieces of crisp bacon scattered throughout.  The kilt lifter fondue was equally tasty.  We decided to try several items off the starter menu- waffles and fried chicken, pork belly pastrami, and the original chopped salad.  My co-worker went nuts over the fried chicken and waffles, saying it was some of the best he's ever had (must have been good because he's from the south and knows his way around a fried chicken).  Now, I'm a guy who knows a thing or two about pastrami and making pastrami with pork belly just didn't seem, well, kosher.  If there was ever a case to plead for allowing pork to become kosher, this would be the dish you'd have to serve the Rabbi.  It was insane and would make even the staunchest Rabbinical authority issue a blessing.  I didn't try the chopped salad, but the person in our group who ordered it said it was outstanding.  Overall, solid choice and will be back next trip to Scottsdale.
CPH is a very hip restaurant with a lot of eye candy! Went on Saturday night after a Giants game and it was packed. The square bar in the middle of the restaurant was overflowing with patrons(mostly women).  Had reservations, so we were seated fairly quickly.  I had the kale Caesar salad and the chicken and waffles.  The salad was good and the chix & waffles were tasty also.  Both were off the appetizer menu and were $12 & $10 respectively.  I had a few friends order the chopped salad, and they really liked it.  If you like good food at a good price, and some window dressing, it can be done here.
The cocktails are the absolute best in the city. Try the Aviation and the Citizen.. . They keep all the best dishes on the menu while also adding other creative dishes. I hope they keep the pastrami pork belly for ever.. . The service is always exceptional. Sit at the bar if you don't like to wait even a minute for another cocktail.. . I have been there about thirty times, and I have never had a less than stellar experience.
We sat at the bar both times we went and had great service. The food was consistent both times as well. If you find yourself here you have to try their chicken sand waffle appetizer its large enough to make a meal out of or share. Dessert was also very yummy. Happy hour is a good deal. Half off drafts and wine. Can't beat a cold  $2.5 beer on a hot AZ day, the snack option isn't large for HH but still worth trying.
Moscow Mules and the scallops were amazing, while their chopped salad was bigger and just as good as Cowboy Chio's.
Absolutely amazing! I'm still dreaming about the scallops. The chopped salad was delicious too!
Pair the pork belly pastrami with the Chopped salad (this isn't a regular Chopped salad), it's amazing!!!!  Brandon, Brandon and Brian were awesome!  The ribs melted in my mouth. The Sazerac drink was awesome. Friends had the meatloaf, isn't your mothers meatloaf, and scallops, well executed. Dessert was a cherry on top (pun intended) to the dinner. Great place, isn't cheap but you certainly get what you pay for!
Dined in March, 2013 for a late dinner/pre-drink snack w/ friends. Ordered 2 apps, salad, and one entree, w/ good but not extravagant wine; out the door for apx $100. I could see noise becoming a potential problem with its layout. Service was very attentive, informative and friendly.. the pork belly pastrami and applewood smoked duck were both A+++; chopped salad A-/B+; crab cakes were not remarkable.. I will absolutely return to this restaurant w/ very high expectations next time i'm in the phoenix area.
Wow I never thought I would find delicious food in Scottsdale. I was here for Spring Training. Here to see my SF Giants. Go Giants!. . I tried to make reservations through Open Table and nothing was available for the night. SO I called and the gentleman accommodated us by saving a table in the patio for us. If service was this good, I was already thinking the food must be good as well. When we arrived, we got seated. Yeah. . . We ordered the Original Chopped Salad. They mix the salad at your table. The salad was the best chopped salad I've ever had. It even has it's own Facebook page. https://www.facebook.com/TheOriginalChoppedSalad. . We also got the Pan Seared Scallops to share. Since they knew we were sharing our food, they divided the entree to 2 dishes. Wow! That's service. Scallops were cooked to perfection. Very tasty and I wanted more!. . We got the Bernie's Mac 'n Cheese and was also really good.. . So CPH is known for the house cocktails. We HAD to order. Midwest Manhattan and the Sangria are amazing. If you like a good manhattan, go for this one!. . As for dessert, we shared the blueberry pie with graham cracker ice cream!!! I LOVED it!. . Overall, I was pleasantly surprised with CPH. They had fantastic service and memorable food. If I lived in Scottsdale, I would be a regular.
Great food Great drinks Great atmosphere Great Service. Get the chopped salad, the pork belly pastrami, and the meat loaf. Everything I have ever ate here has been awesome or amazing.
Great food.  Exceptional service.  Brought my 90 year old Dad there and they were very accommodating in every way and he really enjoyed the food although it was quite exotic compared to what he was used to.
Beercheese fondue, what more can really be said?   Came here on a Saturday night, had to make reservations late because the place apparently gets packed.   Had an amazing time with friends.  Service was helpful, competent and attentive.   Such a great range of menu items with unique ingredients.   And of course, cheeeese fondue, my favorite food!    I am not surpised the place fills up quick,  MAKE reservations, okay?
Ask for Gary. He will lead you down the path of perfection.  And order from the cask cocktails menu.  Their take on a Negroni is superb.
I went to Citizen to try it out.... I have been hearing great things so I wanted to check it out for myself... I was not disappointed... food and drinks are outstanding... . for sure I will be back !!!!. go and check it out !!!
This is the perfect place to take a group of people for an amazing dinning experience! Thomas is our favorite bartender! He always has  unique cocktail suggestions to start the evening off right! Moscow Mule is a good one! Fun and excellent priced happy hour! The scallops and chop salad are my favorite, but it is all so yummy! Can't wait to go back!
The first time I walked into this restaurant was on Prom night. I was a little nervous to what the dress code was, but the other customers did not seem to mind the overzealousness of my attire. The customer service was wonderful! My date and I,- being underage- were perfectly content with sipping on water throughout the night, but to our surprise, the waiter comes to our table with complementary "mocktails". A-plus on customer service.
Excellent food, and I really do mean excellent.  The service was fantastic, and when the waiter described the meatloaf as "not your mother's meatloaf" I had to try it.  He also had stories and recommendations that would have made me order a plate of dirt, he was very convincing and passionate about the menu.  I also sampled the dishes that my other friends ordered (scallops, chicken) and those were excellent as well.. . OK, so now that I got that out of the way, WHAT THE HELL IS WITH THE CORKAGE (OR LACK THEREOF) IN ARIZONA?!??!  We brought a bottle of wine, an expensive bottle, and as soon as we walked in they informed us that Arizona has only one or two restaurants that allow you to pay corkage and drink your own wine!  I thought Arizona was full of conservatives, and we all know conservatives love to drink so what's the deal?  . . We were disappointed, we wanted to drink our delicious wine, and since we were there for spring training and the night was young, we carried around an unopened bottle of wine all night and had to explain at every single bar we entered what it was all about and had to also promise not to open the bottle in the bar, as if we would waste such a great wine on just getting drunk!  Annoying. I will not deduct a star from this wonderful restaurant because of the wine situation, but I will tell you that I am giving the WHOLE STATE OF ARIZONA only one star for their stupid corkage regulations.
Do yourself a favor and try the pork belly pastrami appetizer. Or the scallops. Or better yet, both. You will thank me later. . . Great ambiance without being "too much". I would recommend Citizen for a date or nice night out with the girls. If you happen to be flying solo or hanging out with the boys, the good looking gentlemen behind the bar will make you feel at home and whip you up a delicious cocktail.. . I appreciate how passionately the staff talks about the food. CPH definitely gets my stamp of approval.
Thomas the bartender and the great food is why we keep coming back. We went Tues. for social hour, when the wine is 1/2 price a glass. Excellent selection, my wife had a Jordan Chard. and I had a Tempranillo from Spain, very good.. For food the lamb burger can't be beat and the scallops are outstanding. The pita and hummus app. is a good starter too. Jenna is right the pork belly pastrami is a definite crowd pleaser.. A very welcoming atmosphere, even when a tray of sangria was dumped, everyone remained calm and jumped into action. Everyone except the customer who bumped into the waiter. We will be back, next time for the duck!
AHHH-MAZING!!! I don't want to make this a lengthy review so here's just a few things.. . The atmosphere was wonderful. It was trendy with it's wooden accents, lit candles, and stark white linens.. . The service was outstanding. Couldn'thave asked for a more knowledgeable and sincere guy. Even when someone in our party ordered something that is normally sent back he let her know, and then gave her another option that would go with the tastes she was looking for. He was wonderful at pairing the perfect wines with our food.. . The food was out of this world. We shared the Chopped Salad (which has it's own Facebook page, lol). It was hands down the best salad I've ever eaten, and I'm not a salad person. We both ordered the filet mignon which came with some greens and smashed potatoes. I've have never had a more tender and juicy filet in my life. It was absolutely fantastic! Hats off to the chef!. . Please know this place is quite pricey so be prepared for that. Our salad, two filets, and his two beers came to about $93 but it was so amazingly worth the splurge.
Absolutely fantastic! . . My boyfriend and I went here for the first time for our anniversary and it could not have been a better experience. . . Our server (I think his name was Kent) was the most helpful, knowledgable, and simply fantastic server we have ever had. He definitely helped us in making decisions and making it easy to be a first time customer. He had suggested the chopped salad and we weren't disappointed in the slightest. Also, he gave me the best Shirley Temple I've ever had. He had given us a complimentary box of two little red velvet truffles for our anniversary and my boyfriend almost ate mine, they were so good.  Even if the food wasn't as fantastic as it is, we would go back because of him. . . I suggest the Short Ribs with the cherry BBQ sauce. It was probably the best meal I've had in a very long time. It's immensely flavorful and will surprise your taste buds. My boyfriend had the Meatloaf and couldn't get over how delicious it was. . . The atmosphere is high class mixed with a bit of rusticity and had a comfortable feel. The staff is immensely friendly and helpful. It is a bit pricy, both our meals came to $93. Definitely worth it for a date night or special occasion. . . This is by far my new favorite resturaunt. If you haven't been, you should definitely go.
The Original Salad is a MUST (but I hold off on the smoked fish). And their cocktails are fab.
Love this place. Cocktails are fantastic, innovative and great bartenders. The food is incredible. I finally tried the chopped salad (famous and on Facebook). The salad has smoked salmon, Israeli cous cous, arugula, tomatoes, sun dried cor, pistachios, almonds in a buttermilk pesto dressing. I have been thinking about it ever since. I had the butternut squash chowder, which is not like most butternut squash chowders. Think bacon, squash, corn, chicken broth. Yummy. Food is delicious every time.
Dishes sampled included:. . Pita and Olive Oil. . BERNIE'S MAC 'N CHEESE - Gorgonzola, Emmentaler, Cavatappi, chilled tomato relish. . CHICKEN & WAFFLES - Buttermilk-marinated fried chicken, oat waffles, almond butter, blue clover honey. . AMARO MEATLOAF - Montenegro Amaro Italian liqueur, pork, beef, parsnip meatloaf, smashed Yukon gold potatoes, roasted zucchini, veal demi-glace, mushroom cream. . APPLEWOOD SMOKED DUCK - Maple Leaf farms duck breast, creamy rosemary millet, spiced pistachios, sauteed greens. . BLACK & TAN PUDDING - Dark chocolate pot de creme, caramel pudding, whipped cream, pretzel brittle, brown sugar shortbreads. . "DONUTS & COFFEE" - Bourbon glazed donut bread pudding, vanilla sauce, cafe au lait ice cream, brown sugar streusel. . After another long day of moving and gathering supplies neither myself nor my mother wanted anything fancy - just something great - before she flew back to Ohio and scouring the options somehow landed on Citizen Public House, a choice we most certainly don't regret.  Serving largely as a gastropub, of sorts, and with a menu laden with all sort of upscaled American comfort food it really was not WHAT Citizen Public House is doing that would end up wowing, but rather how well they do it.. . Greeted and seated at a table near the window where our server, Clark, would stop by frequently throughout the evening to make sure we were never for want of anything, menus were present on arrival and with little effort we both honed in on appetizers, mains, and desserts that fit our palates perfectly - honestly, I don't know if I have ever seen a rather short menu put together so many things I like in a trio of plates - and when these plates arrived each were as good as they read.. . More or less a collection of small plates featuring big flavors the meal began with soft pita and grassy olive oil before moving into spiral pasta thick with cheese and balanced with bright tomatoes alongside crispy chicken over a toothsome waffle that could have easily fit the role of breakfast or dessert as well as an appetizer.  Next up, a plate of tender and rosy duck given texture not by crisp skin but rather crunchy pistachios and millet nearly the texture of mashed potatoes tinged with rosemary and bitter greens.  Not to be outdone, my mother's meatloaf was rich and artistically plated; a classic texture made unique with rich herbal/earthy notes to balance the briny demi-glace and pork.. . Heading to the home stretch and opting to outsource sweets to Tracey Dempsey, a wise move made by many local kitchens, I think I can confidently say that what landed before me was good but what was presented to my mother is a dish she still talks about today - a layer-by-layer temporal change in texture and flavor that was not quite a budino or a pot de creme, nor a parfait - just a decadent sweet-meets-salty amalgam that was truly amongst the ten best desserts I enjoyed in 2012; a reason in and of itself to visit Citizen Public House...amongst many others.
I'm giving it 5 stars in many ways due to the context of being in Arizona. I have to spend a lot of time in AZ for work and amid the myriad of chain restaurants and mediocre food this place stands out far above the rest. . . The Chopped Salad is nothing short of excellent, quite possibly the best salad I've had in my life. Look at my photos. Go, look at them. Do I look like a salad guy? No, I do not. Yet every time I come here I have to get one (once I even got two...yes, I'm a monster). The ingredients, the freshness, how it all works together, it's just excellent. You must get this salad if you come here must. The rest of the menu is solid, albeit not as spectacular. Probably more 3.5 star caliber food, but still very good (espec. for AZ). I've had the Filet (3.5), a panini (3.5), the mac n cheese (not that special), the pastrami appetizer (very good), and scallops (very good). The desserts are also very good, I enjoyed the Peanut butter dessert and flourless choc. cake very much, although the latter is very heavy. . . The ambiance and drinks are also excellent, making it a great date spot. Though there are a ton of slutty (sluttily?) dressed women here so keep your eyes on your date. But hey, that's Scottsdale, it comes with the territory
The best place in Scottsdale to grab food and an even better place to grab a drink. If you are in Scottsdale, this place is not to be missed! Best Moscow Mule ever!
I love the creative menu here. Lots of traditional American plates with creative ingredients. Start it off with the Chop Salad and you'll know what I mean. Ribs with a Coffee rub were terrific. Definitely a future spot for business & casual dinners. The cocktails were good, with some interesting concoctions,  but I've had a better Manhattan in Scottsdale.
Very nice restaurant, our server Matt was friendly, genuine and knowledgeable.  The food was great, the mac and cheese was amazing (we try it at every restaurant we go to), cant wait to go back!
Great food!  Great waitstaff!  Love their desserts!
I have been this restaurant many times and have never had a bad experience. Great food, drinks, atmosphere and service. One of my favorite places in the area! Keep up the great work! I would give a 10 out of 5 if I could! You can tell the people that work here really care about what they do. The service is always excellent and the food is consistently awesome in every way.
Great outside on the patio.  Pretty noisy inside if you want to have a conversation.  great value for the $30 special for restaurant week.  Great, attentive service without being intrusive.
awesome meal - we hit the first day of Restaurant week by chance and had the opportunity to have the Prix Fix menu - awesome scallops, chicken, and yeah, the Chop Salad is as unbelievable as your server says it is.
Great! Busy in a good way. A lot of pretty people, but the drinks and chow prove this place is legit. First, the barkeeps aren't hick town slingers. Enjoyed a Sazarac so smooth I should have bought it breakfast. Piggy & Waffle app made me wonder why the folks in the South stick with chicken... Damn! Roasted chicken and Brussels sprouts was not messing around, though the mantra "never eat anyone's meatloaf but your mothers's" was reinforced with a nice attempt, but not a home run. Dessert, drinks, wine, and service were all fantastic. Big recommend.
Great food. Unique mixed drinks. Their chopped salad may be the best salad ever eaten.
Great food.  We ordered several dishes and each had it's own unique flavor.  Both the meatloaf and the scallops were excellent.  They also make a good Moscow Mule.  Service was great as well.  If you're in town, stop by.  You can't go wrong.
The dinner and drinks at Citizen Public House were out of this world! My dining companions drank the Im-port, made with house made tobacco & leather infused bitters-- seriously???  They raved about it!  My club soda was also poured to perfection.  I think they should make it a feature on the menu.. As an appetizer we had the pork belly pastrami, which is served with rye spaetzle, and brussels sprout sauerkraut.  It was delicious.  I had a little of the chopped salad.  It was delicious as always.  It is originally from the Cowboy Ciao menu, and has been a favorite of mine (and everyone else) for years.   The soup of the day was the tomato bisque, and it was very good too.  The scallops were perfectly cooked.  I sampled some of the beef short ribs.  They were some of the best ribs I have eatenin years.  I would definitely order them the next time I dine at CPH.  For dessert we shared the PB & B bread pudding.  It was the only thing that I didn't love.   It was a little dry.
Came here for restaurant week and I was impressed!  The chopped salad was interesting, looked beautiful, and very tasty.  The scallops were cooked well and the grits were creamy and delicious.  I scraped up every last bit of grit off the plate.  The PB&B banana pudding was good though I did wish I had chosen the mint chocolate cake instead.  For restaurant week I usually slightly lower my expectations knowing that the kitchen is preparing large quantities of the same dishes for less $$, but Citizen Public House did not disappoint!
Coulda been a 4 star rating but the excellent customer service makes CPH a 5-star in my book.. . Once we were seated our waiter Matt greeted us and made us feel welcome. His easy going demeanor and sense of humor make CPH look good and he could teach lessons to some waiters I've known. . . CPH makes their own barrel cocktails aged and flavored right in the restaurant. We were undecided on which to try ($5 each during happy hour, usually $12) so Matt brought us a sample of each. All were interesting and unique and we ended up ordering the Negroni, the Pyrat Eye the Craftsman along with an appetizer of rosemary nuts and green olives. Great way to start a meal!. . Our dishes included the Seared Scallops (heaven on a plate), the Fried Bologna Sandwich (delicious mortadella and pistachios) and the Grilled Lamb Loin (perfectly cooked and seasoned). Dinner cocktails included the Citi-Zen, a pear vodka concoction topped with rock candy; the Hot Pink Paloma, a paloma with a light, zesty pepper taste; and a Persian, made with wild tea vodka and cucumber...super refreshing!. . Finished dinner with Irish Coffee and a take home bag of bacon brittle. . . While dining we noticed two employees putting two tables together for a party and actually taking the time to adjust the lighting so as to make sure none of the ceiling lights would be in any of the incoming diners eyes. Impressive and caring enough to make sure all the details were right.
Citizen Public House is awesome! I've been here twice now, and am wondering why I don't go more often. The food, drinks, & service is impeccable, and the ambiance is great. . Here's the breakdown of what I've tried so far:. - bacon popcorn: you really can't go wrong with popcorn cooked in bacon fat and bacon pieces. - chopped salad: this salad has it's own facebook page for a reason, I had a sample of this at an event and that is what brought me here to begin with. https://www.facebook.com/TheOriginalChoppedSalad?fref=ts. - watermelon & halloumi salad: marinated sweet watermelon chunks with tangy halloumi, so good. - pork belly pastrami: simple but so flavorful. - burrata: creamy goodness, fresh ingredients, you can't not like this. - scallops: generously sized scallops with bacon, cooked perfectly. - rockfish: served with a mild curry sauce, also cooked perfectly, also a generous portion. I would highly recommend Citizen as it's one of my favorite Phoenix restaurants!
Everything was very good, especially the chopped salad, get the chopped salad! I had it weeks ago and I still think about it...The restaurant was beautiful and the service was nice.
This place rocks. The real deal.  Late night menu is a real treat.  Superb mixologists at the bar.  Mind blowing cocktails.  High quality food that's fresh and scrumptious.  I love going here prior to partying in Old Town Scottsdale.  Very sexy establishment.
I kept saying "I haven't been to Citizen Public House" and everyone was like "What?".  I can say I have been and I have enjoyed every visit.  You have the best Mixologists I have come across!  Those crazy concoctions are AMAZING!  My favorites include the Old Fashioned and Manhattan.  I have been told by a close source, Mandi B., that the Handcrafted Sangria is delicious.  The Hummus & Tzatziki is the best I have ever tasted.  Everything tastes so fresh and good.  The Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn is a fantastic starter.  I have only been here for drinks and light bites.  The Chopped Salad was the best salad I've ever tasted and I hate salads.  I need to come back and try some items off the dinner menu to have the whole CPH experience!  . . P.S.  CPH has social hour everyday 3-6pm!!!
This was an excellent new find! Thank you, Yelp!. . The restaurant is beautiful and the service is wonderful. I tried the Watermelon salad as a starter. Incredible. This was followed by Fair Trade Short Ribs with a rub from. Roastery of Cave Creek  roasted parsnip puree, dried cherry bbq sauce, sauteed greens. . . My dinner was amazing and...oh yeah, great wine list, too!. . Very good value as well!
Best drinks for your money in town if you like whiskey and gin.
Can't go wrong with anything on the menu! A culinary delight!
Our son gave us a gift card for my birthday after researching on Yelp!, and the card was waiting for us on arrival.  Located in beautiful Old Scottsdale, this wonderful gastropub is beautiful and trendy, and the food is to die for!  Our server Chris was amazing and recommended the Chainbreaker brew on draft since the Four Peaks Hef was no longer available, and it was delish and we both had two.  We started out with the bacon-fat heirloom popcorn, which my wife didn't care for, but I loved.  Hey, I'm a guy and there was crumbles of warm bacon all through it.  Then we both split their famous chopped salad, which Chris brought to the table unchopped and chopped right before our eyes.  Honestly, I got cold chills with the first bite!  Hands down one of the best tastes ever in a salad, with salmon, tomato, arugula, couscous, etc. (recipe on Facebook,) and delicious homemade Buttermilk ranch dressing--perfection, and we could have eaten a whole one but wanted to save room for more delights to come.  Chris recommended the scallops, which I had already had my eye on, so my wife ordered the buttermilk roasted chicken, served over sweet corn-butter succotash with roasted Brussels sprouts.  Moist and delicious!  My scallops were wrapped in Tender Belly Hampshire bacon, nestled in a bed of roasted corn grits and topped with wilted snow pea greens (yum!) and drizzled with a cola gastrique.  Tenderest and most tasty scallops ever.  By the end of the night manager Owen stopped by to visit--he had been staring at our names for over a month on his bulletin board and he wanted  to put a face with our names.  Chris joined us for the sit down and we had a wonderful conversation. Wanting to try the peanut butter bread pudding, Chris recommended the Guiness pudding jar instead, which was a stout infused chocolate pot de creme over a chocolate shortbread cookie, topped with Irish whiskey crema and two chocolate shortbread cookies on the side, and served in an actual small jar with lid. I threatened to take off Chris' hand when he reached to clear the plate with the remains of the last cookie still on it!  Overall, a perfect night with perfect food and service in a warm inviting atmosphere.  It does NOT get any better than this!  Thank you my son!
I've had the pleasure of having drinks multiple times at Citizen Public House and each time it gets better and better.  The mixologist, Brandon, is one of the best up and coming cocktail makers around.  . . This past Saturday we finally indulged and enjoyed a meal at CPH and it was amazing.  The chopped salad really is the best in Arizona and the service and food was exceptional.  Highly recommended!
This is my favorite restaurant in the world, and that's really saying a lot considering how much I eat out. I've eaten here at least a dozen times and I doubt it will ever get old. I cannot rave enough about this place: it's unpretentious, reasonably priced, AMAZING food.. Here's a TIP: order appetizers. You'll save a lot of money and that's where the chef's really show off. The chop salad is, of course, amazing. And the Mac & Cheese WILL be the best you've ever tried. . As for entrees, the bacon-wrapped scallops are my favorite that I've tried.. The desserts here have been known to make my friends and I cry from emotion. I'm not kidding, my best friend had a brownie that actually brought tears of emotion to her eyes. . I highly recommend Citizen Public House. I love that they always change their menu and I can't wait to go again.
This review is for my second trip to CPH.. . It was a special family affair that brought us back.  We were celebrating joint 50th Birthdays with our two children.. . We arrived prior to 6 Pm and were able to order some of the reduced Happy hour drinks and bar appetisers.  I good value.  . . I did order one of the barrel drinks for $5.  It was ok, and for a few bucks more, i would have preferred my regular gin and tonic. Too much flavor and spice in the barrel drinks for me palette.. . We had the bacon popcorn and fondue as bar appetiserrs, both excellent.  . . For entrees we had the meatloaf, the scallops, the black cherry roasted short ribs and I had the grilled cheese.  There were also all wonderful.  Well prepared and presented.  Our waiter was suberp and it made for a ncie evening.. . Noise level was not so bad until the place started hopping around 8 PM.  Then the noise level was a bit much for us old fuddy duddities.
Truly superb from appetizers to entrees.. . My wife took me to CPH for my birthday.  It was amazing.  Again, AMAZING.. . Apps: Pork Belly was sublime with perfect meat and memorable flavors.  Tracy's chopped salad earned a smile at first bite.  Our little girl liked the mac & cheese.. . Had the ribs for our dinners.  BEST.  RIBS.  EVER.  The cherry-based BBQ sauce was grin-worthy.  Greens were cooked perfectly and the mashed yams/potatoes combined perfectly.  And the bread pudding was loved by all.. . The staff fit us in even though we didn't have a reservation.  I think they were kind to us since we had a baby in tow.  The front staff made faces and cooed at her.. . Kat took care of us and earned her 25% tip.  Orders were fast; apps hit quickly followed shortly by entrees once the first plates were cleared; drinks never went more than half empty; and she was our 5-year old hit it off.
Love this place! The space is loud and vibrant with an interesting mix of people.  Food and drinks were delicious with service being attentive without being overbearing. Had the Piggy & Waffle, lamb loin and scallops, and drank the Citi-zen, Sazerac, and Hot Pink Paloma. Food was especially tasty, and drinks were also good.  Looking forward to many return visits!
several years ago i made a dinner reservation for my fiance's birthday at kai.  if you know anything about that place you'd know it's the only five diamond restaurant in arizona, so it sounded like it would be an amazing spot for a birthday celebration.  . . long story short, we had a TERRIBLE time.  like, super infuriating i hope this place burns to the ground five diamonds are you kidding me terrible.  we actually walked out before we even got a chance to eat because that's how bad it was. . . since kai is about 45 minutes from our house, by the time we got back to our area of town it was 9:45pm and practically every nice restaurant was closing.  i figured my fiance's birthday dinner plans were completely ruined and i felt god awful. that is until i turned to yelp and saw that citizen public house was open late and still serving! . . the service we received was a complete 180 from what we experienced at kai and the food was absolutely amazing! even with a $100 celebratory bottle of champagne (seriously needed after what we had experienced), our bill was half of what it would have been at kai.. . since this initial dinner, citizen has become one of my favorite restaurants in the valley.  the chefs/owners/bartenders are constantly pushing themselves to create amazing things and they always succeed! . . whether you're in the mood for a romantic dinner, late-night snack, or a cocktail at the bar, this is a great place to go.  and if you're there on thursday-saturday, head upstairs after dinner to citizen r+d; their cocktails will blow your mind!
Cuatro Reyes Caterers, from New York, flew in to do the Taco Explosion event in Scottsdale before the Craftoport wedding. After some hard work and serious wedding partying we dined at CPH. Gary, our waiter, could have made Taco Bell seem like a good idea but instead he was working with some seriously well executed victuals. The much overused pork belly got new life with their pastrami pork belly presentation. The oft mentioned chopped salad was really that good. Make sure you try their scallops. Six east coast food pros loved them... those who whine "How can you get seafood in the desert" need to simply accept that jets exist and quiet down. And then there was the short ribs entree. Lusciously braised then magically seared to form a crust. By the time you get to CPH the menu will have changed. If the staff remains, especially Gary, have no fear, a great meal is here!
This place was so good when we went on a Thursday night that we returned Sunday evening.  The servers were all personable and described the menu precisely.  Then again bacon popcorn doesn't require much more describing.  It was fabulous.. . We ordered many plates and shared them among the 6 of us.  Everything was delicious but the short ribs and pork belly pastrami were top of the list.  The portions are big enough to share and the salads are outstanding vegetarian options.. . Do not miss this gem
Absolutely lives up to the hype. Service isexcellent and efficient; very attentive without hovering around too much. The food was all fabulous; I tried the popcorn, local field green salad, and pan-seared scallop dish, with a Craftsman to drink. Highlights include the clearly fresh-made salad dressing options (lemon mint vinaigrette and mustard fig vinaigrette are incredible!) and the scallops were cooked perfectly, and went nicely with the creamy corn grits and bacon on top. The bartenders mix a nice cocktail too! Definitely recommend and will be back!
I'm always skeptical about going to a nice restaurant with the kids - will there be something for them to eat?  will the servers be accommodating and nice to my kids? will it be noisy enough to cancel out the occasional yelling of the toddler?. Citizen Public House met all our needs and exceeded every expectation.  For starters, they have a TON of gluten free items.  I don't mean salad and broiled chicken.  I mean battered pork fingers and corn waffles.  We were thrilled, major bonus!  Then, the meatloaf was amazing - not traditional mushy meat loaf but not so "out there" that the toddler wouldn't eat it, so another huge bonus there.. Finally, the noise level was just right - we could talk without yelling, didn't hear anyone else's conversations, but there was still plenty of sound and buzz so that it felt totally crowded and fun...and the little guy could make some noise without disturbing anyone else.. The server was excellent, the busser brought our straws out neatly on a napkin.  Food came out quickly but not so fast that it felt like we were being rushed.  Service was attentive and polite and everyone treated my kids like guests, not pests which I really appreciate since they order as much as adults do and I expect that they should be treated as customers.. Thanks Citizen Public House for a great evening out for the whole family!
The food is simple but about as perfect as it gets. The chopped salad is a unique combination of textures that will blow your mind. Gordon Ramsey himself would lick the plate! I followed it with the lamb burger which was delivered a perfect medium rare. The home-made ketchup was delicious on its own, and the pickled root vegetables were the perfect accompaniment. Wow wow wow.
Like football there are 3 phases to a good restaurant. Good food, good service, and good drinks. Citizens public house is one of those places that does all 3 phases exceptionally well. . . I have eaten here numerous times and the service is always up to par. Knowledgable staff who isn't afraid to suggest dishes or drinks and will be attentive through the duration of your meal. . . The drinks are some of the best in the valley. If you are being really adventurous try the speakeasy style bar upstairs where thy will turn vodka into gin table side. It's a pretty great experience. . . Finally and most importantly, the food is outstanding. You have to try the pork pastrami which is a deconstructed version of the sandwich with succulent pork belly, sauerkraut and spaetzle. The truffled grilled cheese is amazing layered with gooey cheese and potatoes. Do yourself a favor and add bacon which really takes this sandwich to the next level adding texture and some needed salt. Keeping on the pork them their short ribs are also outstanding. . . All the deserts are made by Tracey Dempsey and are delicious. You really can't go wrong with anyone of them, but if your full take a bag of the bacon pecan brittle home. You won't regret it.
Amazing!. . This place has a very inviting atmosphere, delicious food, and great service.  I have been there 3 times and had a different server every time.  At every occasion they were thoughtful, friendly, intuitive and ready to do anything to make you happy.  If you don't like your drink (all drinks are unique and delicious) just ask for a new one and it will be replaced.  The food is great as well.  They make everything with love! Try the chopped salad and ribs!  The pork belly pastrami is to die for as well!. . 2 Thumbs up!. Great date place!
I really enjoyed this restaurant.  It exceeded my expectations in every metric:  The staff was knowledgeable in their beer and wine selection, the waiter was able to provide information on how the food is prepared and about the flavor combinations.  The servers were attentive, and the food lived up to the waiter's boasts.
Love it! This was our third time and this time we brought friends. Everything we've tried has been fantastic. The pork belly pastrami, the meatloaf, the filet, short ribs and that jar of Guiness chocolate mousse!! WOW. They have real mixologists that can make any cocktail and make it well. Great vibe. Always seems to be busy, so make a res. Noise level is really high, but that's not a negative for us.
The best chopped salad I ever had, it does deserve (and has) it's own Facebook page :) . . I came for happy hour and the prices were very affordable, all under $10 bucks.. . For dinner, our server was so knowledgable, we can just hungry for an entree but got sold on a 3 course meal. Everything tasted delicious, I will be back!
Amazing!. . Chopped salad is a must!  We tried to order a different salad and our waiter changed our mind.  Thank you!  . . We ordered the short ribs and the scallops.  The short ribs were cooked to perfection.  The cherry bbq sauce simply wow!  The scallops all I can say is everything is a little better with bacon.  Oh and the scallops paired with roasted corn grits - I can't wait to come back - dreamy.. . The only minus was the Moscow Mule.  Served in a big tin cup. Liked the drinks but did not like the cucumber in the drink.  Wasn't a big deal - removed the cucumber.
This place deserves all of the hype that it gets. I came here a while back and can't boast enough about how delicious everything is. Get the Original Chopped Salad. Its enough for 2-4 people to share, and it's one of the best salads (if not THE best) I've ever had. Coming here was the first time I've ever tried scallops, and I this may have been the best place to take that chance--they were undeniably incredible. I will be back to CPH again to try everything on the menu. Seriously. It's that good.. . Overall, if you're looking for a delicious meal with great ambiance, go to CPH. There's a reason so many people love it.
Our group of 3 wandered in after 10pm looking for something to soak up the booze. Luckily, one of our 3 just happened to be the Duke, and boy were we treated well!. . I ordered the pork belly appy - and it was everything I've ever wanted in a small bite. Pork belly pastrami. Rye spaetzle. Brussel sprout sauerkraut. Mustard jus. I will never look at a Rueben the same way ever again. This took something so comforting and elevated it. My mouth still waters just thinking about it. . . Service was great! Definitely looking forward to my next meal here!
Consistently a great dining experience with a creative menu and a cool vibe. If it's your first time, definitely start wih the Chopped Salad, no matter what you think of salad. It's the best. I had the scallops over a corn risotto and cola glaze. My wife had the buttermilk chicken, which had a surprisingly nice, spicy kick. Both definitely delivered. Fun, helpful staff as well. Can't go wrong with CPH.
I think I've subconsciously avoided writing this review in hopes that no one else would find my favorite my Manhattan joint... well that didn't work so here goes! Hands down best cocktails in old town, everything from their sangria to their Manhattans are made fresh and it's clear the recipes have been thoroughly tested. Same goes for the food.  We mostly go for the drinks and the reverse happy hour appetizers, but their dinner menu is also superb.  There isn't a huge vegetarian selection, but what they do have is tasty and filling.  Some of my favorites are the kiltlifter fondue, hummus, burrata and kale starter, and the truffle grilled cheese.  I've honestly never made it to dessert because there is never any room. Someday... but as long as they keep up the quality I'll be a CPH superfan for life =)
Wow!!! Amazing food and our waiter Gary was outstanding!! Gary's recommendations were spot on and entertaining. We started with drinks, which were very original and delicious. We ordered the chopped salad to split, for an appetizer, yummy. For our main courses we had the meatloaf( a true "meat" loaf, very flavorful and filling), the short ribs( so tender they fell off the bone with a mouth watering BBQ sauce), the scallops( perfectly cooked with an amazing sauce), and the fish of the day on a risotto( mmmmmm, delicious). For desert we split the berry cobbler with a lemon ice cream...Wow, a perfect end to a perfect meal!. As locals, we can't wait to come back and ask for Gary!
How can a salad be that good? Really, a salad?. But WOW .. the chopped salad is just that crazy good!. . The drinks are top notch and excellently made.. . We had the mac and cheese to start and it was perfection.. . We will be back for sure!
If you go here make sure Gary is your waiter. What an incredible person. Kind, enthusiastic, and personable. The food was also great. The chopped salad is a must!
Always a pleasure to dine at Citizen Public House! Great service, delicious food, and relaxing atmosphere... equals an exceptional dining experience.
Just had another dinner at Citizen and they did it again... The food and the service is impeccable. That chop salad is to die for (and I'm not a salad person). Gary is amazing!  Best service best food can't complain can only rave!
Good food, nice setting.  Nice date place.  Had a few appetizers and was greatly surprised.  We had mac n cheese, crab cakes and their signature salad.  I hate salads but this salad was well thought out.  Best appetizer.  Main course, you have to try the Lamb Burger...sooo awesome.  Ketchup was home made and a little too sweet for my taste but fries were good.  Highly recommend!
Chopped salad is truly an original, I'd describe it as the bi bim bap of salads. The scallops were highly recommended and they should be. The bourbon selection is top notch as well.
Love the service, love the fondue, love love love the chop salad. Delicious all around!
Ahhhhhhmazing food and service. Chopped salad, truffle grilled cheese and scallops were all delish! Prices were very reasonable. Service was excellent.  Vibe was good. 5 stars!
This was hands down the best meal I had during my recent trip to Phoenix.. . Our waiter was very friendly and helpful - walking us through the menu, making suggestions, and just being overall very pleasant.. . My husband and I started with the Pork Belly Pastrami, which was tender and delicious.  We scarfed down the whole thing.. . For entrees, I went with the scallops and grits.  The scallops were nicely prepared, but I could have eaten a whole bowl of just the grits with bacon. Mm - so so good.. My husband had the short ribs which were definitely the right way to go.  They were delicious.. . And, even though we were both too full to move, I really wanted to try the bread pudding, so we went for it.  So. worth. it.  . . The only unfortunate thing was that at 8:00 on the Sunday night before Columbus day, the restaurant was pretty much empty.  I would have expected more of a crowd - it felt a little ... i don't know..not happening. . . But, despite the lack of a crowd, this place stands on its food and service and I will definitely be back the next time I'm in AZ
Amazing food and drink combos, service was excellent! We sat at the bar and had a great experience, highly recommend this place
Citizen Public House is Fantastic! Every time I have dinner here, or just something at the bar, it is always consistent with wonderful & friendly service, great wine list, fabulous entrees & dessert! I've been a Scottsdale & PV resident for 24 years and have been to a lot of restaurants here in town! This is at thetop of my Favorites!
Good ipas to go with the lamb burger. The lamb burger (comes with tzaziki sauce and a bunch of vegetables) and fries are a good portion and quite filling. Good service.
Fantastic food, excellent prices. Only issue, service a little slow but, we were not in a hurry.
FANTASTIC experience from start to finish. On arrival, we were greeted by a few witty, friendly, and funny staff. We sat on the patio which was beautifully lit with string lights. The ambiance of the restaurant was spectacular. . . Our server, Jeremy, was terrific. His recommendations did not disappoint and he was conversational, upbeat, accommodating, and attentive. . . We shared macaroni and cheese for an appetizer which was out of this world. I enjoyed the pan seared scallops and bacon and corn grits, while my husband ordered the short ribs with mashed parsnip. Both dishes were decadent and delicious. We enjoyed every bite. . . We shared a sticky bun bread pudding and a PB&B jar for dessert. Both were amazing! The desserts are seriously an art.. . If you're into crafty cocktails, this is your place. . . GREAT experience - will definitely visit Citizen again!
I went to CPH with my siblings on a Saturday night and we had a blast. I felt like we were actually in a restaurant in NYC. Tables are fairly close together and it was packed, but nothing overwhelming. The cocktails are fantastic and we each ordered a few to try and share. Every plate we ordered was delicious, except for the dessert. We ordered some flour less mint thing (I think?) which wasn't that great, but everything else made up for it.. . Nice location-- right in Old Town, easy parking, and definitely a fun place to go if you're looking to splurge on a night out.
Holy crap! Their Chopped salad is to die for. Order it! Also their fried bologna sandwich is divine and has so many great textures and flavors that blend perfectly together. I keep craving that rum punch cocktail and they definitely make an honest drink... Which they should since they are a little pricey. Happy hour is good though!
We moved to Scottsdale from St Paul a week and a half ago and we have been to CPH twice. The first time was about a month ago when we took a trip down to apartment hunt and the second was Halloween evening right after getting into town. We sat at the bar both times and chatted with the bartender, Brandon (?). Very, very nice guy. They have Kim Crawford on the wine list, which is one of our favorites so we ordered a couple glasses of that. We wanted a snack but nothing too heavy. The bartender suggested we get the chopped salad and being new to town and not knowing anything about anything, we trusted his suggestion. OMG. So delicious. I thought I would be disappointed seeing as you can get a chopped salad anywhere, but this salad is out of this world. I don't remember what all is in it, but it is fantastic. The salmon is like butter it's so perfect and melts in your mouth. We got to talking with the bartender and we work in the service industry up in Minnesota and Brandon gave us a service industry discount. So nice. The second time we went we each got our own salad and scraped the bowls. The bartender even remembered us! I got the Citizen cocktail which comes with a rock candy garnish which I thought was really cool. We wanted to get an entree, but with small wallets, we decided we would wait until next time. Thanks CPH! You have a couple new fans.
Yep...everyone else is right. The Chopped Salad is something else. Do it!!! Great service at the bar...amazing house smoked Tasso Ham...and that salad?! Crazy good.
First time in Scottsdale AZ. Originally from San Francisco, CA. Loved the food. Just as good as what you may expect from a SF restaurant. I had crab cakes and the cos which were both great. The Cod was delicious and the veggies cooked perfectly. My dining partner had the scallops which were also great with the peanut butte jar for dessert. Great meal highly recommend!
Yes! I love walking into a place like this and feeling my bougie self get juiced up. Service was good. Great bar snacks and plenty of drink options during social hour, although I wish they used less gin and vermouth.  They may have had the best roasted nuts I ever had.  I already had dinner plans and didn't order an entree so I can't speak much about the actual food.  I did take a bite of my friend's cobb salad and it was pretty darn good, even though it reminded me of the smoked salmon salad at LGO.  I wish I got out of work earlier to catch their happy hour more frequently.
Great food, great service, great vibe. Amongst our group we had the rockfish, the buttermilk chicken, and the truffle grilled cheese - all were excellent. My chicken came with some perfectly prepared Brussel sprouts. Of particular note, however, is the chopped salad. This is unlike other chopped salads that you have ever had. It apparently has its own Facebook page. All that I know is that it is really, really good. . CPH is in a great location. Our server was very knowledgable and engaging. The atmosphere is an attractive mix of hip and old school. I would definitely recommend Citizen Public House to anyone who finds themselves in Scottsdale
Service, cuisine, drinks and desert... 5 stars across the board. Chef, you've created a phenomenal menu and Gary, you made that first trip worthy of so many more. Thanks for taking the time to go through the entire menu making dinner and date night perfect!
Hubby & I celebrated our 8yr anniversary here!  We loved it all!  The chopped salad, short ribs, scallops and ended with the delicious sticky bun bread pudding!. The cocktails were also delightful!  The service was exceptional, as well!
Went last night for a drink and a little nosh with some coworkers. I didn't want to come here but the four girls I was with drag me in. I started of with a Manhattan and I love a good Manhattan, so I usually watch over the bartender when making them. I've seen it all from shaking one to using cherry juice and if I'm paying $10+ I want it done right. Our bartender out did me. He was on point and it was a perfect Manhattan. Thanks buddy. I order the cheese fondue and for a late night snack it was amazing. I pretty sure I got like 3 bits in before the girls attacked it. (I'm still raving to my friends about that bacon popcorn)..  I'll be back for dinner soon.
Everything is SO good. I kind of laughed when the host told me their best dish was the chopped salad and then it had a link to Facebook under the description of the salad. Ordered it anyways. It is incredible. At our table we had ribs, scallops, and steak. I mean across the board the meats were so perfectly cooked. I can't wait to go back. Such good food. Their chef must be quite talented. Oh and also, their customer service is impeccable.
Awesome service and great food. The host was so great he remembered my name as we were leaving on a busy Saturday night.
The word "amazing" came up often in our description of food.  Choppped Salad, chicken & waffles, fondue. Ribs, meat loaf & duck. The atmosphere was great. The staff were friendly and courteous. It was quite obvious why this is a must go to restaurant.
Sweet service and excellent food.  I am not a foodie, so I am always impressed with food no matter the place.  I had the meatloaf (amazing!) with a side of zucchini and the chopped salad.  My friend split an order of scallops with her husband.  If you are in Scottsdale, or anywhere in the East Valley area, stop by.  We loved it and will return.
We had a great experience here.  First, a great bartender while we waited for our table. . . After seated, the great service continued.  Our server was one of the best.  We made sure to share this with his manager who was also great.  . . Food: scallops were excellent.  So was the meatloaf.  . . I highly recommend this place!  I will return if I'm in the area again.
Love the atmosphere, and delicious food!! I had the white truffle grilled cheese and their Filet Mignon. I think that was the best grilled cheese I had, EVER!! Definitely recommend getting that. You can't really go to wrong with a Filet Mignon, so it was delicious- nothing too special.
Happy Hour...so far so good!  Love the vibe!
Awesome place, great bar staff, cool happy hour, and the bacon popcorn and rosemary roasted nuts are phenomenal !
It might be premature after only one visit to give this place five stars but if it's not it's awful darn close to five stars as I couldn't find one darn thing wrong with our dinner or service we had here. The room is a bit on the dark side but it's crisp linen and shiny silverware. The menu goes from very casual with bar food to sandwiches to maybe about a half dozen dinners.. . Upton entering we were greeted warmly and whisked to a table. Our server was very professional, explained the specials and was friendly. The cocktails we tried were good and also packed punch.. . We started with a special appetizer of an all house made plate of Tasso that came with  mustard and pickles. Everything was excellent even the pickled okra and pickled watermelon rind.. . My plate of Pacific Rock-fish with curry millet and stewed okra and tomatoes was delicious as well. The fish was fresh, seasoned and prepared well. The curry millet was a curry for curry lovers meaning full strength flavor and was an interesting healthy alternative grain to use. Bird seed just never tasted that good before. I sort of feared stewed okra because I have had it before and didn't enjoy it's texture but in this dish it was enjoyable and anybody would like it because it had a fresh crispness to it and picked up the delicious sweet flavor of the small tomatoes.. . I was too busy with my plate to try my husband's Amaro Meatloaf but he said it was very good and also enjoyed the potatoes. he said, "they taste just like your potatoes" I take that as a compliment.. . The waiter described a very refined adult style nut butter and boozy fruit sandwich as dessert that I wanted to try but unfortunately I was too busy with my plate to have room for it. . . Very very good  don't know if everything on menu is as good as what we tried but what we tried was excellent.
Excellent ambiance. If this place was in a slightly better location they would be unstoppable. Regardless they do so many things right. Excellent food, and old school bartenders thatactually take pride in the cocktails they prepare. Very impressed.
I just moved here and a friend came to visit. I was looking for a fun place with good food.   Citizen Public House did not disappoint. The staff was friendly, accommodating, and gave excellent recomendations. The drinks were excellent. The chopped salad was a great start. The short rib was tender and flavorful. I have allergies, and when the desert had nuts that we didn't know about, the waiter ran off and got me a desert I could have. I can't wait to go back.  My only complaint was that I was so full I could not eat the whole next day.
Me and my husband like to go here any time we are in town from California. We have never been disappointed with a dish or drink. The chopped salad is amazing, the short rib w/ cherry bbq sauce is to die for and their desserts are typically super yummy too!
Seriously good food.
I wish this restaurant had a location in NYC.. First night on vacation in Scottsdale, we chose this restaurant based on the excellent yelp reviews and zagat ratings. It did not let us down!. Chopped salad was definitely one of the best salads I've ever had. What a unique combination of ingredients that totally worked. Short ribs were divine. My boyfriend got the piggy and waffle app which was his favorite part of the meal (although he also really enjoyed the meatloaf). I don't eat pork but I tasted the waffle and it was excellent. We shared the peanut butter banana pudding dessert and it was really really good- better than I even expected based on the description. My cocktail, the Protege, was excellent too. So interesting and complex. Our server was very helpful and friendly. If you are in Scottsdale, definitely don't miss this place.
I'll be honest and admit I really don't expect that much from dining in Phoenix outside the basics but Citizen Public House exceeded expectations. In short, Cowboy Ciao on steroids, which probably isn't an accident since it is owned by the former executive chef of the latter. . . As both a date venue and a group outing for both cocktails and a full meal it delivers:. . - Moe'scow Mule (~$10): A heavily poured Moscow Mule in a stylized metal urn with cucumber set the appropriate tone. - Pork belly pastrami ($13): Paternal favorite and juicy, smooth merger of dishes. - The Original Chopped Salad ($12): Not as good as proper Burmese Tea Leaf salad but worthy as the closest thing I've ever had out of Western salad canon. - Lamb burger ($13): Well-executed with delicious thick fries with homemade ketchup. . I need to return if for no other reason than to try the Bacon Brittle. I failed in that mission.. . Even my parents liked the place despite the New American-ness and it's unusual for us to agree on anything that isn't a steakhouse. If there is any negative, it is that it is a bit pricey but more worthy of the occasional splurge than most other choices I've tried in or above the range in the area. If I lived in PHX I'd be here as often as wallet and heart/stomach permitted.
