Went last month for my daughter's 16th birthday and we could not have had a better dining experience.. . Service was simply outstanding, the dry aged steaks (we had a New York and a Sirloin) were so exceptionally good that we are still talking about them a month later.  Sides of french fries and sauteed greens were perfectly done.. . I live here and eat out often.  There are many, many high-end restaurants on the Strip now, but few that make you feel truly welcome.  We look forward to our next visit!
I've been to many steakhouses and this one tops it all! I have never enjoyed the steaks that i have ordered. First of all the appetizers we orderedwere simply amazing. Instead of the usual beef carpaccio i always ordered i decided to try the different appetizers that were offered where you don't see at restaurants.. . I started off with the warm asparagus with poached egg and warm bacon vinegarette and the maple glazed pork belly with asian spices, sesame, orange dressing, bartlett pear compote. Let me tell you how delicious these appetizers were. I would never have thought that an asparagus dish for an appetizer would be this yummy. And the pork belly? WOW simply tasty and not too salty. Both were perfect to start our meal.. . I ordered the tasting to NY sirloin: American Kobe Style from snake farm rivers 4oz, USDA Prime dry aged  35 days 4oz, and Austalian Waygu  From Victoria Falls, Australia 2oz. Oh MY GOODNESS, i don't think i can ever order a regular steak anymore. All three were so tender especially my favorite which is the waygu. Melts in your mouth. This place is a little pricey but it's worth it. . . LOVE CUT! Favorite steakhouse!
Expensive but worth your money. Ordered porterhouse, rib eye and braised short ribs. Sides Mac and cheese, creamed spinach, root vegetables. The winner was the porterhouse. Great breads to start, make sure you get the pretzel bread, SO good! The sides were a little disapointing given the wonderful steaks and bread...so i would have given 4 1/2 stars. . . Great, impeccable service. Long wine list. Dessert were more on the "airy, fluffy side". The banana cream pie was very interesting, and the chocolate peanut better was not too sweet. Would try both but would not strongly recommend either. . . Modern chic decor, more for a friends and going to eat before going out, not particular romantic if you are looking for a date place.. . RECOMMENDED!
Only go if your boss is paying for the bill!  Meat was great, aged 35 days, sides were hearty and the place was baller status!
Best porterhouse steak ever! Juicy tender and flavorful.  Though it is kind of expensive, it is worth it for the experience.  The Bone Marrow we added was really good.  It came in a bigger portion than we expected.  I would say sharing that with 3 or 4 people is best.  It starts to taste  a little overwhelming when your eating too many at once.  Remember to eat these while their still hot, they taste oilier as it gets colder.  It was really good. . . The only thing I would complain about was that the cream of spinach was too salty.    Other than that, i'd come back for good yummy steak.  My favorite steak place so far.
My babe and I ate here two nights ago and we were very impressed with Wolfgang Puck's artful steak restaurant.. . We arrived and was seated in one of their booths...very comfortable.  It was as if we were sitting on a sofa.  We began the meal by ordering their pork belly and kobe steak sashimi.  The pork belly was simply outstanding......very fatty and super tasty with tangy hoisin sauce.  The kobe sashimi was buttery......very tender.. . For our steaks, we had the 10 ounce wagyu rib eye and the 20 ounce bone in rib eye.  Both steaks were awesome...the marbling in the waygu was very fatty.....meaning so flavorful.  For our sides, we had the creamed spinach with an organic egg and herb fries...both very good and blended perfectly with the steaks.. . For desert, we had the baked Alaska, banana pie, and date cake.  All three were excellent.....the sweet flavors ended the meal perfectly.. . The service was OUTFUCKINGSTANDING!  Throughout the meal, two waiters constantly were at our beck and call.  . . A perfect foodie dining experience!
I utilize yelp pretty often but have been too lazy to write my own reviews. It is time I give back to the yelp community, and there is no better place to start than with this wonderful establishment.. . CUT opened their doors 30 minutes early to ensure we caught our show, and it only got better.. . Our very knowledgeable waiter rolled out a raw selection of available meats, masterfully describing each cut.. . Steaks ordered: Filet, Porterhouse, and Rib-eye (All USDA Prime, none Wagyu). Each cut was perfectly prepared and tasted excellent. As for a comparison, I can't unequivocally say the steak quality was better than Mastros, but it was definitely no worse.. . Sides ordered: Yukon Gold Potato Puree, Soft Polenta with Parmesan, and Quebec Cheddar Mac n Cheese. Polenta was the best, but still pretty ordinary, and the Mac n Cheese was the worst (Canada sucks, eh?). . We paired our food with the House Cab, which went perfectly.. . The best part of the meal was the extraordinary service. Our waiter was very attentive without being overbearing. He also engaged us in relevant conversation without being awkward (pre and post meal).. . Overall, this culinary experience was well worth the money. In fact, I would have paid substantially more and still felt good about it.
Food, service and ambience are top notch. Meats were some of the best I've had. But believe or not the dish that impressed me the most was the chicken. Yeah I said the chicken!  Roasted chicken with truffle oil. Amazing. The service here was like no other. They cut your meat for you and serve every dish to you tableside asking you if you would like some, family style.  I really felt like a king eating here. I kept saying "this is how men should eat and be served"!!  Bit on the pricey side though worth it!
A pretty easy five star dining experience.  Attentive wait staff, efficient and prompt ordering, and food that is off the charts!  I am sold!!. . Yes, it was a bit on the pricey side, but wow what a treat this was!!
I'd like to preface this by stating that I know of few people who can appreciate a steak more than I do. That said, CUT was by far the best steak I've ever had in my life, and I've been fortunate enough to eat at some pretty good steakhouses.. . Of course I knew my tab was going to be expensive going into the meal, so I let any inhibitions about money at the front door. I ordered a medium 8 oz wagyu petite filet ($100) with no sauces or rubs - I wanted to truly experience the steak and its flavors. When the steak came out, it was a perfect medium in the center, well marbled, tender, and felt like it was literally melting in my mouth. I normally eat incredibly fast because my line of work requires it - but this meal I ate as slowly as I ever have to prolong the experience as long as possible. I'd probably still be at the table now, 48 hours later, if it weren't for the fact that my steak was getting cold.. . If you can foot at least $150 a head, I highly recommend CUT for your next Vegas trip. The food was todie for, the staff well mannered and professional, and ambiance terrific. I live in LA and can't wait to try the one out here now.
I was in LV for work on my own, figured I'd splurge and try some good steak.  Figure I'd give CUT a try.  During mid week there was plenty of seating at the bar.. . I got a beer and ordered the U.S.D.A. PRIME, Nebraska Corn Fed, Dry Aged 35 Days Rib Eye Steak 16 Oz.  There was some wagyu but don't think I could charge that to the expense account. . I got the steak medium rare and it was cooked perfectly, the seasoning on the outside was divine, just perfect.  This has got to be in my top 3 steakhouses.  Truly a great meal.  . Pricing was on par with higher end steakhouses and service was great as well.  Highly Recommended!
AMAZING! Cut has never disappointed me. I went to the Las Vegas location last week and was blown away from the minute I walked in the door until the minute I walked out of it. Not only was the food something I dream about and mind-boggling, but the service is like nothing I have experienced anywhere else.  Not only was the wait and bus staff courteous and attentive, but the managers also stopped by to chat and inquire about my meal. I have only ever been to this Cut location once before several years ago, I walked out feeling like family, like a regular. That is something you can not put a price on.
I love steakhouses and I love Wolfgang Puck, so I stopped in with a few of my coworkers this past weekend. . . The wait staff was very accommodating and friendly. The bartender mentioned to our server about my date's birthday. I thought it was very nice and sweet of them to be very aware of important events being celebrated. Our drinks were never empty and the food just kept on coming. We ordered the steak tartare and Louis appetizers. I am not a fan of raw beef, but the tartare was very tender and just melted in my mouth. I thoroughly enjoyed my bone-in ribeye with bone marrow and wild mushrooms. Steak without bone marrow is just not as tasty. It was a perfect medium rare throughout and the side dishes complemented the entree well. We had sauteed spinach, mac n cheese, shisito peppers, and artichokes. The mac n cheese tops Morton's hands down. Creamy, with the breadcrumbs. It was a great suggestion by our server. I also tasted my date's dish of lamb. The crust was great and the sauce put me in heaven all over again. . . The best part of the evening for me is always dessert. I loved the raspberry doughnuts, baked alaska, and chocolate souffle. The doughnuts are on the sweeter side, with decadence coming from the chocolate desserts. . . I can't wait for my next trip to Vegas, so I can taste the Wagyu beef!
The MOST AMAZING MEAL that I have ever eaten...to-date in my life.  I have traveled all over, finding the best restaurants.  I have never had a cut of meat that even half-touched the flavors and service at this restaurant.. . If you're traveling to Las Vegas, do whatever you have to do to go to Cut and invest in the best quality meat.  My personal favorite -- New Zealand Wagyu beef.  No need for anything on it...it is PERFECTION!!!!
One of my top 5 favorite meals ever.  I've been here about 6 times or so - and the service, quality of food, and overall experience is always consistent & refined without feeling stuffy.  Japanese Wagyu Ribeye medium-rare is always prepared to perfection.  Other favorites include the bone marrow dumplings and mac & cheese.  It doesn't get any better!  Try the Japanese wagyu at least once! It's a strata above the american kobe or the australian wagyu.
Where else can you order a drink on an iPad?  The ambience is fabulous, the wait help is great, service outstanding.  The steak was spectacular.  I am a steak purist.  I don't like junk on it and like to enjoy a fabulous aged steak.  I was not disappointed.  This is fine dining. If you don't like the prices, go to Sizzler.
i know this place got mixed reviews, so i figured i'd give my side of the story.. i've been wanting to go to cut since we first stayed at the venetian last year, but ended up dining somewhere else. on our vegas trip this past weekend, my bf wanted to have a nice dinner and i suggested cut, he heard "steakhouse", and that was it. . . so we get done shopping and drinking a monster yard from fat tuesday around 530pm, was really buzzed so we decided to take a nap, woke up at 9, and said "well, there goes our dinner!" since most upscale restaurants are booked for dinner time on a saturday night, i figured why not give cut a call and see if they have a table open? it's 9pm, kinda late for dinner, other people are getting their dinner over with so they can hit the clubs, why not. they said they can seat us if we get there in 30 minutes, and i've never gotten ready so fast in my life! well, maybe for a hair appointment. . anyway... we get there and we were seated immediately. the dining area was about 3/4 full, bar was half empty. i didn't get our server's name, but he pretty much took care of us from beginning to end. he took the time to explain the menu, the differences in their meat, where the cattle comes from, what sauces taste good, yada, yada, yada. we started off with the blue-crab crab cakes, and the thing just melts in your mouth! it had a bit much of a mayo-type sauce in it, which i'm not a big fan of, but my bf is so he loved it. i love crab cakes and this is, so far, second best on my list (can't compare to crab cakes from maryland). for my entree, i ordered the illinois corn fed petit cut filet mignon medium well and my bf had the american wagyu/angus kobe style filet mignon medium well. and both with caramelized onions and their home made steak sauce. we also had the quebec cheddar mac and cheese to share (who goes to vegas and orders mac and cheese?). the server told us ahead of time that it's gonna take time to prepare our meal, so he offered us the wine menu - in an ipad! they had my moscato d'asti - extra points! not a lot of restaurants i've visited have that (olive garden, of all places has it). they also had a choice of breads for us to munch on. i was in the ladies room when they came out with the bread, and i guess my bf was overwhelmed with the selection he didn't know what to choose. he figured we both liked the what he calls "chocolate" bread aka wheat bread at cheesecake factory, he saw a similar one and picked that one. good choice. . our meal came, and since there's only 2 of us, it was easy for the servers to figure out which steak was for which person. the mac and cheese was straight out of the oven and mixed in its pan right next to our table and the server gave us 2 spoonfuls each. we got down to business and from the first bite... mmm, mmm, mmm! hands down, best steak we've ever had. one morsel from the mac and cheese... my goodness! who knew canadian cheese was that awesome?!? just like the crab cakes i had from maryland, even though i was full, it was too delicious i couldn't stop eating. all the while, our water glasses were never left empty. if the servers saw it at least 1/4 full, out they came with the pitcher of water. the excellent food and excellent service made up for the wait, but if that's how much time they need to prepare such delicious food, i'll wait! it was a little over $250 for the 2 of us, which is a splurge. but it doesn't hurt to splurge every once in a while. besides... it's vegas, baby!
We went here for my boyfriend's birthday.  We didn't end up making a reservation because we were debating between CUT and another restaurant, but we were able to sit in the lounge and order dinner.  The food was amazing!  I ended up ordering the sole because we had just had steak the night before.  It was the best!  So moist and delicious.  They also brought a complimentary dessert for his birthday.  While it's definitely pricey, it was worth it in my opinion and I can't wait to go back.
I love CUT so much. I could probably end this review there, but its heavenly goodness deserves an actual descriptor.. . I practically, and sort of literally, live in Las Vegas and this is one of my family's go-tos for our joint favorite meal: steak.  They serve excellent quality meat and good preparation.  Sometimes I look at my own pictures and drool a little because I remember how fantastic the marbling is.  And what's more, there's a cut for everyone.  I love the Illinois corn fed rib eye because it tastes like cow, and my father loves the softer Wagyu style, among others.  We've tried most of the steaks on the menu, and I've never been disappointed before.. . As if that were't enough for me, I like everything before and after the steak, too.  The pretzels are pretty much fantastic, especially with the assorted mustards (the other breads are good, too).  Heirloom tomato salad was great when it was on the menu, but there are a lot of other good choices too, like the warm asparagus that I love so much.  The sides are admittedly not CUT's strongest point, but it's not so bad and frankly, they're really not important.  If you care that much about sides, you may want to go somewhere that actually plates your steak.  Here they serve it to you as it is: solitary in its meaty glory.. . Dessert is surprisingly strong here, too.  Last I went, we ordered a souffle, baked alaska, banana cream pie, AND a warm berry cobbler.  Everything was good.  I ate to a point of serious discomfort because I couldn't stop.  It was too good.  Admittedly the souffle was sort of standard fare for a "good" chocolate souffle, but everything was clearly very, very good. Very.  I would be hardpressed to pick a favorite.. . All in all, if you can afford the price, go. Get a wine pairing or a cocktail. It's all good.
Near perfect service and attention to detail. The best selection of quality steaks I have experienced anywhere so far. The drink menu is presented on an iPad and the sommelier was very knowledgeable and professional. I plan to return for my birthday dinner after watching Jersey Boys at the Palazzo.
This was my first upscale dining experience, and it did not disappoint.. . Service was exceptional. The gentlemen with the sample cuts of meat was very knowledgeable, and answered all of the questions we threw at him. . . The house bread (mini pretzel roll) was amazing along with the cold french butter. Since the bone marrow flan was talked about in many reviews, we decided to try it out, and DAM! It was fucking delicious. Definitely not for everybody, though.. . For my steak, I went with the 35 day dry aged ribeye which was insanely good; especially the house made steak sauce. You definitely have to try the mac and cheese. Totally worth the long wait. It also feeds 3, along with mostof the sides.. . Overall, I was very impressed with this restaurant, and felt it was well worth the extra money I shelled out to eat here.
Went here with a group of friends I met up in Vegas and it was a great time. The service was great very friendly and courteous were able to answer all questions and made helpful reccommendations. The food is absolutely amazing best steak I have had in years, very flavorful on it's own ended up not using the sauce I got to go with it, and the mac and cheese side dish was equally good.
Really cool decor. The lighting, the chairs, the artwork, the ambience - it was all cutting edge but comfortable. The hostess offered me reading materials when she seated me (I was a solo). Nice touch!. . The visual presentation of the cross-bred Wagyu/ Kobe Angus steak was too difficult to resist.. . The service was very attentive. They were thorough in their descriptions and mindful of my needs without being obtrusive.. . The tuna tartare was great. The tartare was covered in thinly slices avocados and served with wasabi aoili sauce on thin bagettes. I didn't want it to end and I looked like a slob trying to get everything loaded onto those thin bagettes. . . Great things come in small packages because the steak was downright erotic. It was flavorful, rich and while the sauces were good, the flavor stood completely on its own.. . The creamed spinach was great and the organic egg added a special touch.. . I thought I couldn't eat any more but went with the artisan cheeses. Probably should have stopped while I was ahead.. . While Rosemary's and Raku are my two favorite places in Vegas, they are a little off the beaten path. I'd have to put Cut as my top spot on the strip. That's high praise because there are a plethora of good spots on the strip.. . Smiley face and a star.
i went here the past friday. . .my second time being at this location.. I love everything about it.  The atmosphere, the service and of course the food.  I'm not a really big red meat eater. . .but they have excellent mac and cheese, and sauteed mushrooms.  The porkchops were seasoned to perfection.  My fave appetizer is the marrow.  . It was me and 3 other gfs celebrating one of my gf's bdays.  . I loved how attentive the servers were.  Our glasses were always full.
One of my main goals, was to try the Bone Marrow Flan which was on a list of 99 things you must eat in LA before you die. I never made it out to the beverly hills location, so the Vegas one it was!. . The Bone Marrow Flan was amazing. Every part of that dish was amazingly great. . The steaks and sides were all done well, as any of these type of high end steak houses should do, so while there wasn't anything on the main menu that seemed astonishingly great, they did cook what they have very well. Extra kudos for the option to add Bone Marrow as a topping to you steak (though not the same as the bone marrow flan).. . We had a large group on 13 people which was a bit hard to squeeze into the location, but staff was very attentive and the chef threw out some complimentary little items here and there.
This is not for everyday. My group decided to treat ourselves and were not disappointed. As mentioned, the waiter brings out the raw meat and explains the cuts and selections. I ordered the American Wagyu rib eye ($88 for 9 oz.) It was like butter! I've never experience steak like this. My friends had the Illinois filet and Nebraska strip and were equally happy. The maple glazed pork belly was incredible. I couldn't convince them to get the bone marrow flan so we had the crab and shrimp Louis. It was ok but I wouldn't recommend it.. . For sides, the fingerling potatoes were very good and the mac and cheese is worth the $21. Two sides was enough for three people. For dessert I had the chocolate souffle. It was outstanding. The raspberry filled doughnuts were excellent as well. I sampled the black forest cake but wasn't too impressed.. . This place is for special occasions and I'm glad we tried it. Oh, and get the pretzel bread when they bring it around.
Ambiance: 4. Cut got me interested in writing a review for the first time in a long time. As far as ambiance goes, it does lack that "wow this is special feeling" you get from special views or environment's (I'm thinking of Bartolotta @ Wynn, Hugo's Cellar downtown in particular). However, Cut more than makes up for it through the service & food.. . Cost: 3. When I'm Vegas, I have a tendency to ignore menu prices altogether and I hope most of you end up doing the same.  Cut's expensive, just like the rest of Vegas' Strip restaurants are.  Accept it for what it is, and hope blackjack goes your way.. . Food Quality: 5.In the "what's your last meal alive scenario", I always think of myself as more of a seafood person.  That said, Cut surely makes me rethink my preference.  Filets, Rib Eye, Steaks we all got were outstanding (across the board, from the basic 8 oz filet to 35 day ribeye).  Some in our party also did the Sirloin tasting, which is probably one's best option looking back to be able to try a few different items.  Sides & sauces were all exceptional.  The questionable: appetizers. Crab & Carolina shrimp was great, but felt like others we ordered were more average, mainly the oxtail/bone marrow dumplings and tuna tartare.  All that said, if you avoid the appetizer minefield you're in for a real treat.. . Service: 5. We never had problems getting drinks almost immediately, two in our party were late and the staff was more than accommodating, and our waiter was very knowledgeable on best menu options for individuals.  In other words, we didn't get upsold on more expensive wine/steaks at any point and the service was very accommodating. A+. . When to return: Special occasions, steak craving, or after a big Vegas win streak.
Couldn't have asked for a better eating experience!  From the moment we walked in, we were treated like royalty.  Fabulous appetizers, salads and the steaks are unbelievable.  Service was impeccable, very attentive, friendly and knowledgable.  I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone....
Perhaps the best meal I have ever eaten.  Not a cheap meal by any stretch of the imagination, but definitely worth it.  Delicious steaks, fantastic service, and a classy ambiance make this a fantastic restaurant.. . You'll probably wantto make reservations at CUT.  We happened to be walking by to eat at different restaurant and just stopped in to see if they had open seats - which they found for us after a few minutes - but I'd imagine that this is not the norm.  Collared shirts and nice jeans / slacks are standard wear, but since this is Vegas, there were several people in t-shirts and shorts.. . Each table had two waiters to keep us satisfied.  They would recommend specific cuts of meat and sides to go with what we were looking for, and not just the most expensive items on the menu.  When the meat came out it was on a plate by itself; an impressive reminder of what was the main point of this meal.  The sides were scooped out afterward by the waiters onto our plates as they described all of the ingredients that went in to making that dish.. . Didn't make it to dessert, but they let us take away some of the food we didn't finish, which made for a delicious snack after a night out.. . High Points: Grab two or three friends so you can share side dishes and appetizers.  They're delicious, rich, and you'll want to sample all of them, so go with a group and try a bit of each.  Even the lesser-priced cuts of meat are still phenomenal; I can only imagine what the Wagyu steaks are like.  Try the mac & cheese; it'll blow your mind.  Creamed spinach was also very good.. . Low Points: Your meal will be over $100 without trying very hard.  The corn side dish was nothing remarkable; avoid it in favor of tastier sides.
Came here last February.  No reservation, just walked in on a Saturday night.  Of course no tables available, but we were lucky as there was a love seat table in the bar area that was open.  So my date and I were seated there.  We ordered very simply... no wine, no alcohol, just an appetizer of pork belly, a side of mushroom/peppers, and a bone-in, 39-ounce American Wagyu rib-eye for 2.  Pork belly was good, mushroom/peppers were beyond excellent!.  The rib-eye was utterly fantastic!  We got it medium rare and it's a LOT of meat, but it's like butter.. just melts in your mouth...  The only downside of getting it medium rare for that much meat is that it's so much meat you gotta eat it quick or else the middle pieces get a bit cold.  Perhaps eat the middle pieces first and eat the outside pieces last.  Anyway, it was an awesome relaxing dinner... we were right by the entrance so we could enjoy ourselves, have good conversation, enjoy the food, people watch, be the envy of all the carnivores walking by... etc.  Service was great... they gave us some free chocolate snacks at the end.  It was expensive, but because we didn't order any alcohol, it was only $280 total.  Best date ever!
WOW -UNBELIEVABLE-AMAZING. . If you can afford an $80+ steak....please go!  A+++ for the food and the professionalism!  Seriously, the more money you spend here the better the food gets.  The best steakhouse experience I have yet to encounter.. . Wagyu Ribeye   A++. Kobe short ribs slow cooked in an Indian/Moroccan sauce  A++. Wine List  A++. . Thanks to Chip at the bar for his suggestions!!
First day in Vegas and we marched to dinner  completely tipsy.  My friend and I walked our drunk asses IN STILLETOS  from Paris and all the way to Palazzo. Its still a blur how we managed that journey but dinner itself was unforgettable.. . I booked a 6:30pm reservation that morning and was seated promptly when we arrived. Suzie and I both sat in our cozy booth and selected 3 appetizers, a steak and a dessert. . . FOOD:. Bone Marrow Flan, Mushroom Marmalade, Parsley Sala: Our favorite! Delicious, creamy and full of flavor. Absolutely divine!. . Maple Glazed Pork Belly, Asian Spices, Sesame-Orange Dressing, Dancing Demon Plum Compote: mmmm mmmm finger licking good! It was delicious and the meat was mouth watering and moist.. . Big Eye Tuna Tartare, Wasabi Aioli, Ginger, Togarashi Crisps, Tosa Soy: Delish!  Itwas refreshing, lightly crispy and a great balance to our other two, heavier appetizers. I love wasabi aioli!. . U.S.D.A. PRIME, Illinois Corn Fed, Aged 21 Days. Bone In New York Sirloin 20 Oz* - One of the best steaks I had and it wasnt even wagyu. As usual I love my steaks rare and it was perfectly, juicy and like butter when it hit the knife. I'm still dreaming about it right now. . . Raspberry Stuffed Doughnuts, Dark Chocolate Sabayon, Raspberry Stracciatella- Nothing special. Wish I ordered something else. It was a bit plain for my taste and I'm a sucker for donuts.. . SERVICE: . We had excellent customer service and our waiter was professional, personable and an overall very chill guy. None of that prententious bs. . .  . In conclusion, everything but the dessert we selected was delicious. I will definitely make an effort to come here every time I visit Vegas. Im coming back for the bone marrow and steak!
I was expecting a lot from Cut on my visit and they sure did meet my expectations. The service alone was enough to receive five stars! Every time I took a sip of water, a server would refill my glass. I felt like a princess! . . The steak was delicious and the sides equally as great. I wasn't sure what to expect with the creamed spinach with fried egg, but it was wonderful. I have gone to quite a few fine steakhouses, but none with as great an experience as Cut.
Wow this will be short & sweet and to the point..  Im sure all foodies alike have had an eye on Cut. Of course I have. Don't know why I opted to go for it in Vegas, but alcohol makes you do strange things. So me and my friend decide to make reservations like an hour before they closed :0 They had no problem with it, it was actually a lot of party's doing the same the hostess  said, so that was a pressure relief .  to know that we wouldn't be getting swept out by the busboys as soon as the meal hits the table. . . I like the Ipad menu, I thought it was seriously the shit! I played in it for at least 10 minutes before really viewing the menu. So onto the food before we ordered our server for the night, who happened to be the manager, explained the preparation of there steaks, he said they're all soaked in olive oil for 2 days before hittin the kitchen, then they sear it and finish it in the oven, He  then said you wont see blood and a river of juices run out the  bad boys when you slice them because they let it rest when they take it out before serving it to you . It was some bleeping damn good meat!!. .   For an appetizer we had the "Warm Veal Tongue, Marinated Artichokes, Shelling Beans, "Salsa Verde" I did not enjoy this one bit, like I couldn't even stomach it honestly, I went to the restroom and wanted to stick my finger down my throat, but I didn't know if it was the food or the lava brewing pit of alcohol in my stomach having a bad reaction with the ingredients? My friend loved it, she ate it all so it must of been me?. . For the main course I had the 35 day aged petite cut filet mignon and my friend had the 28 day aged Rib eye. As a side we had the creamed spinach with fried organic egg . The steaks here are definitely gonna be ranked between 1 through 5 on my best steak I've ever eaten list. I actually liked my friends rib eye about 4 times more than my delicious felit, and since the rib eye was so huge she didn't mind sharing with me at all! Thank Lanz! the creamed spinach was really good pretty rich but delicious.. To top off this beautiful meal the manager sent us a desert out on the house, that was a super 5 star thumbs up!! The infamous "Banana Cream Pie, Fudgesicle "Ice", Chocolate Sauce, Valrhona Pearls " this was slamming my taste buds around like a UFC bout was goinng down in my mouth, so many different textures and layers as you eat it and the little pearls of chocolate were rockin..... Mmmmm  just thinking about it makes my mouth drool!
Disclaimer:  Our reservation was coordinated through a mutual friend and GM of The Source, a Wolfgang Puck restaurant in DC.. . When we were in Vegas a month ago for the cigar convention, we had heard from a ton of people that we had to try CUT.  We got a reservation and decided to hit the bar beforehand.  The bartender was incredibly polite and had a real good time talking to him.  We tried some new shots and had some excellent Manhattans.. . The GM/Host let us know our table was ready.  After being sat, and introductions, they showed us their wine list, which is on an iPad.  It was very easy to pick the Bordeaux that we wanted (2005 Chateau Gracia).  While we waited for that, we put in an order of appetizers (Maryland Blue Crab and Jumbo Shrimp Crab Cake and also Pork Bellys).  Both were excellent, but I could have eaten that crab cake all day long.. . Our wine was brought out exactly as it should have been.  Presented to the person who ordered it and then poured to the others from there. Myself and a friend ordered the 28 day Rib Eye, and our other friend ordered the Wagyu. For sides we had the squash dish and I think potato something.. . Crumbs from bread never lasted long.  Someone was always there refilling glasses or cleaning the table.  We knew a lot of people that week and many stopped by.  The staff took notice and never attempted to interfere or rush us to the next part of our meal.  A good friend from a neighboring table decided to buy us a bottle of wine, and once again the iPad menu came out.  The wine can be pricey, so I simply opted to choose a region and allow them to choose the wine.  The Waitress was accommodating and polite throughout the process informing the gentlemen we had chosen a Bordeaux.  The bottle we received was a 1999 Chateau Leoville Barton which went excellent with out meal.. . Needless to say, between the Manhattans and the wine, we were all feeling a little good at this point and perhaps even a bit loud for the restaurant.  That being said, we were never asked to be quiet or leave.   Later two desserts were brought to our table that we did not order, we're still unsure if these were from the chef or from our friend who we had been at the bar with and had since returned.. . I have never had such a beautiful meal or wonderful service.  The gentlemen who took care of us most this night was Pasquale, when I return I will definitely request him.
I came here for my 30th Birthday with a few of my buddies.  The service was outstanding and the cuts of steak were amazing.  Cut provides twig like bread sticks and bite size cheese balls prior to your meal which were delicious.  If you don't order the mac and cheese, then you are a dumb ass and should not be there.  . . First restaurant I saw that used an Ipad as a menu, very fancy.  . . After we finished our delicious meal, we went ho hunting, as expected when you are vacationing in LV with a bunch of cunt hungry gentemen.  . . A restaurant that is a "cut" above the rest (yes, the pun is intended - if you don't' like puns - FUCK YOU!).
I'm no expert, however, this was just spectacular.  We were celebrating a birthday and it all started at the bar.  The bartender was friendly and made me something really good with pisco sour in it.  Our server was very, very good too.  My steak was outrageous.  My husband ordered something that brought 3 different types of meat and that was out of this world as well.  Their Mac and cheese is worth every delicious calorie and mashed potatoes were a close second.  The whole experience was fancy, delicious, amazing and well worth the large bill at the end.  So, so worth it.  :)
We had our first dining experince at Cut this past weekend and it totally lived up to they hype.  . . I've never had a steak cooked more perfectly.  The yukon gold mashed potatoes, roasted carrots with artichokes and sauteed spinach were simple yet delicious.  . . Our waiter provided us with excellent service and I love that their menus are on an iPad 2!
Two years and 15 more visits since my last review proves in my mind that Cut is the Pantheon of steak.  . . The Kobe steak sashimi with spicy radish garnish is a perfect way to sample the high quality of the beef.  The fat literally melts in your mouth.  Their take on a steak tartare with herb aioli is equally good.  A modern redo of a classic.  Finally, the bone marrow flan is to die for.  (I really like the veal tongue but don't want animal activist to think I'm heartless).. . Now the beef.  This is a true steak lovers paradise.  All of the steaks are beautifully aged, trimmed.  All are prime and above.  All steaks are at least partially grilled over charcoal for the perfect bitterness.  The steaks:. . -  Illinois corn fed aged 21 days - Good beef flavor.  Bone in cuts are better.. . - Nebraska corn fed 35 days - Deep beef flavor. Very nutty.  Strong umame.  Not for everyone but outstanding if you like very good aged beef.  The rib eye is the top pick.. . -  American wagyu - Truly outstanding.  Tender and buttery.  The cuts are small but with the incredible richness, more than enough food.  Do not order this beyond medium rare or it dries up and is a waste.  The rib eye is the most flavorful cut.. . - Australian wagyu - Wow. Nuff said.. . First time visitors should try the tasting of new york sirloin.  It offers an outstanding selection and gives the opportunity to try different super grades of beef.. . Finally, the braised short ribs deserve special mention.  If you want something different, this is it.  It is Indian spiced so a bit different but absolutely fall of the bone tender.. . I have never tried their sauces, toppings, or sides.  Naked steaks are best to me.. . The wine list remains extensive.  Prices are good.. . To those wanting the absolute best in beef, Cut is without a doubt it.
As always, exceptional service and exceptional food.  I just need to remember to ask for; fine grind and less pepper on my NY rather than course grind, heavy pepper.  It burns and me no like...so I have to scrap it off....the potato puree is so silky smooth and sweet...makes me feel in love....the mushrooms are awesome too.  I love their chimichurri. . . The dessert we love time and time again is the banana cream pie....OMG! orgasmic....
Full disclosure: I have had a massive crush on Wolfgang Puck since I was little - something about the food and that adorable accent - so I was massively excited to try this place.. . We each ordered a salad to start, and I had the fresh burrata cheese with prosciutto di Parma, apples & Black Mission figs with micro arugula. I have had innumerable similar variations to this - prosciutto and melon, mozzarella and prosciutto, etc... but this was the single best version I have ever had. Fresh, salty, sweet perfection.. . My husband had the heirloom tomato salad with Humboldt Fog goat cheese, white anchovies, and Tuscan olive oil which he seemed happy with. I wasn't paying much attention, frankly, as I was absorbed in soft burrata goodness.. . We both ordered the American Wagyu filet mignon - which was FANTASTIC - along with sides of luscious potato puree, and creamed spinach with fried egg (cut in by the server tableside). Jasper ordered a green peppercorn sauce that he never ended up using because the steak was so flavorful. I had some creamy horseradish sauce that was divine. Next time (and there will be a next time) I'd like to top my steak with a bit of bone marrow - yum.. . I'm pretty sure that we had chocolate souffle for dessert, but I can't really remember.  That steak was just so darn good!
First of all, I don't eat meat so I can't really give a critique on their steaks. So, why would a person who doesn't eat meat review this place? Well, because not everyone eats meat and because I can and I want to. But on the real, regardless, meat eater or not, you gotta try CUT.. . The restaurant itself is so chic, the decor is beautiful as well the menus (I have a thing for fonts and paper, fyi); hell, even the staff is nice to look at :] No but forreal, the staff is really nice and are there for everything. Yes I mean everything; they do the whole pull your chair out, put the napkin over your lap thing. I wish they'd feed me next time LOL The bathrooms are really nice too! The only gripe I have would be about those wooden floors; they're slippery as hell. . . Now on to the food. The variety of bread they offer is off the chain; the focacciaa was frikkin amazing! I ordered the "Butter Lettuce, Avocado, Point Reyes Blue Cheese, Champagne-Herb Vinaigrette". Okay, yea, I'm the first one to say "salad is just salad" but this salad is not just a salad. It's like the most epic tasting salad I've had... ever and I've had my share of salads. Everything was just like butta' melting in my mouth: so creamy and velvety.  Prety much it was really FRIKKIN GOOD! All the ingredients were really fresh and the vinaigrette and cheese were delicious. And damn the water was good too. So no complaints.. . Pricewise, like other people have said expect to pay somewhere between $100-$175 per person. I didn't spend nearly as much because I just got the salad and a water.. . All in all, the experience and food were exceptional.
One of the best dining experiences I have ever had - ridiculous service, ridiculous food, best steaks you can find anywhere (lots of Wagyu selections).  Expect to have a very memorable dinner, but also expect to spend $400+ for 2 people.  Highly recommend the pork belly appetizer and the Wagyu USA raised rib eye.
Nice!!. There are many difference selection of beef!!. All tasted good, especially the Kobe
One of the best steakhouses in Vegas -- which is saying something, in my opinion.. . The drinks in the bar are absolutely outstanding. The appetizers -- including the beet salad, asparagus, heirloom tomato salad, and the Louie (all of which our table had).. . The red wine list is good but very pricey -- very pricey -- even for Calfiornia. And I don't feel like there was really a focus on the part of the Somm to get a reasonable mid-range wine-list that is consumable, it goes from a bunch of stuff in the $100-$150+ range to $600+ to $3500+. Which is a bit of a jump.. . The steaks are, simply put, outstanding. The quality of the meat is exceptional and and the sides are each a complex combination of flavors that make for a really interesting meal.. . All in all, worth going back again.
One of my most memorable meals in recent  memory. The strip is littered with a bunch of restaurants, respectively owned by their own celebrity chef. With so many great dining choices, how does one go about choosing a place to satiate their appetite as well as tantalize their tastebuds??? Being that I was in Vegas for my bachelor party, I didn't find this dilemma too challenging. I figured...I'm with the guys so let's do steak and martinis. With my objective in mind...I set out to find a steakhouse worthy of our patronage. After considering such places as Craftsteak, N9ne, and Delmonicos...CUT was the restaurant that won me over. Such decadent offerings as the braised pork belly and bone marrow flan is what ultimately lured me here. . . We missed our 7pm reservation because we missed our flight out of SFO. We arrived in Vegas a little past 7 and considering it was a Thursday, I figured that it might be slow enough for them to squeeze us in on a later reservation. So I call the restaurant and they are able to accommodate us with a 9:30 reservation. My first impression was "Awesome!," because I was so looking forward to eating here and would have been been a major let down if I wasn't able to. Given that this place closes at 10:00, I was worried that we would be rushed through our meal and quickly ushered out of the resturant, and that the whole experience would be ruined because of it. Much to my pleasant suprise, it was quite the contrary.. . Service was stellar from beginning to end. What we had to eat.... . Appetizers: . Braised pork belly - this was delicious and wonderfully fatty without being overwhelming. . Entree:. 14oz aged ribeye with bone marrow topping - one of the best steaks I've ever had. Seared perfectly on the outside with a light char and a juicy pink medium center. There is a generous amount of bone marrow and it is rich, fatty, and flavorful. Each bite of my steak would be accompanied by a piece of marrow. I found this delectable and euphoric at first, but after awhile it did get a little too rich for me. I still loved it however, and highly recommend it.. . CUT was my first experience in Vegas of fine dining and with the number of high class restaurants, each with their own prospective celebrity chefs, my expectations were high and I'm glad that CUT did not disappoint. Food, ambience, and service were all meshed seamlessly. . . I'll be back most definitely.
Facts:  I'm from Texas. I know steak.. . Apparently, so does Wolfgang Puck.  . . The ambiance is chic with a touch of classic rock and roll (we heard Pink Floyd, the Stones, Elton John, etc. while eating which was a nice touch).  As a side note, ladies be careful; like many of the newer Vegas restaurants, the floors were slick wood, and I had to be assisted multiple times when walking to and from the table in order to avoid an embarrassing CL fall.. . Cut is one of the best steakhouses I've visited, food wise, and I can honestly attested to the fact that everything is good.  I can't speak for the flan, but do yourself a favor and get the steak tartare and the jalapeno margarita to start (obviously not together).  My husband and his brother both ordered the petit cut filet, which was good, buy I got the American Wagyu filet, and the only word I can come up with is amazing.  The steak was so good that I barely remember eating the sides (for the record, the mashed potatoes and mac and cheese were also delicious).. . All in all, Cut is pricey, but well worth it for any steak-loving foodie.
one word. WOW. decor of this place is so awesome. so modern and chic. prepare to dress well, or you will feel naked amongst your peers.. service is impeccable.. they roll out a steak cart (to show different cuts) and have different types of complimentary bread.. cheese bread is A++. anyways, I ordered the NY strip steak 14 ounces. omg, best steak i have ever eaten. perfectly cooked and so delicious. i mean it was $59 bucks... but well worth it.. prepare to spend $100/head for dinner here.
Excellent carpacio and great pretzel bread before the meal.  The pretzels went really well with the mustards that they bring with the steaks.  I don't think the steak needed any condiments.  I ordered the Wagyu (grass fed) 6oz filet mignon with wasabi mustard, he got the USDA (corn fed) 8 oz filet topped with mushrooms and Armagnac and green peppercorn sauce.  They do blacken the steak which may put they temperature a little higher than what you're used to.  I got med rare, and could've went a little less, he was happy with the medium.  The meat was so tender and juicy.  I don't think paying $20 more for the Wagyu was worth the flavor, but it's nice knowing the cows were fed grass.  We picked the brussel sprouts with bacon as the side, the bacon chunks were pretty big.  We ordered a bottle of pinor noir from Oregon which went really well with the meat, unfortunately I don't remember the name but I can recall the label.  We finished with coffee and split the "baked alaskan" which had a raspberry sorbet and a chocolate cake. They also give chocolates and brittle with the bill.. . The service was outstanding, the atmosphere was wonderful.  Though this wasn't the best steak I have eaten.  The experience was fantastic!  Reservations are a must on weekends.
I would not eat steak anywhere else besides CUT...Once you go CUT you can't go back!! Best steak I've ever had. It just melt in your mouth.
The best meal I've had in my life! Started off with the beef sushimi which was full of flavor and wasn't lacking a single thing. I just wish I ordered two! We also go a chop salad which was good as well for main course I had the wagyu ribeye which was perfectly seasoned and seared excellently. The wine selection was great we had a bottle of Pinot grigio and a malbec with great profiles. Service was on point and I don't think a meal or experience like this can ever be duplicated. Thank you wolfgang puck.
Ate here with a few friends/work associates and we were all blown away.  Very memorable meal.  The service, as you'd expect, was top notch.  Our server Bobby explained the menu well and offered recommendations, all of which were fantastic.  We started with the Blue crab/shrimp  Louis, the Kobe steak sashimi, and the Maple Glazed pork belly.  All the apps were great, but pork belly stole the show.  Sweet, succulent and so tender.  I'd go back for this dish alone.  On to the main course.  I ordered the 9oz. American Wagyu Ribeye with the Bleu cheese melted on top.  My steak was cooked to absolute perfection and was very tender.  Probably one of the most tender and flavorful steaks I've had.  My only issue was there was slightly too much bleu cheese which distracted from the beefy goodness.  We finished the meal with the banana cream pie.  Very decadent.  Bobby mentioned they do creme brulee inside rather than pastry cream....love it.  Overall, everybody loved the meal and it was definitely a big hit.
On the basis of strong recommendations, we chose Cut for my wife's birthday visit. I can say that it lived up to my expectations: if you only have one steak this year, you'll want to order it at Cut.. . I opted for the three-course tasting menu, which gives you the chance to sample all thee types of beef. Once you get to the hybrid or Waygu portions, you won't be able to look at the USDA choice the same way (it's sort of like flying first class). Our side was the brussels sprouts, and I started with the beet salad. Dessert was strawberry stratageliata and a chocolate fudge brownie. I'm not a huge dessert person, but these were phenomenal.. . About the only thing that detracted from our meal was when a party of six kids dressed in shorts & spray-on tans was led to a nearby table, and we noticed one of them was carrying a six-pack of Coors which was consumed during their meal. Yes, I get it that Vegas does not adhere to strict standards of etiquette, and this group probably had more money than Croesus, but it put a damper on our dining experience. For the amount of money that one pays at Cut, I would think the bar could be raised a bit higher.
I've had a lot of steak in my life, and I had the best one ever - here at Cut!  The whole experience here -- pure butter.  WOLFGANG PUCK is a genius!. . Beautiful place.  I was in a party of 4 for a special occasion.  We were given a table in the back, where it was a bit more quiet so we could chat with each other.  From the moment we entered, friendly and warmly greeted...and our server was super GREAT.  He, along with the most amazing steak EVER, made this a very memorable evening for all of us.. . I ordered the 10 oz Petite Filet - OMG - seriously, it's cooked in butter and herbs and each bite completely melted in my mouth in both flavor and tenderness.. . With choices of cuts, sizes, and aging, the selection can be a little intimidating.  Don't be afraid to ask for your recommendations!  As with most other steakhouses, it's a la carte.  Great sides accompaniment and I liked everything we ordered: Herb french fries, wild mushrooms, creamed spinich, and brocoll-rapini.  The wine selection is fine and wide, with many choices by the bottle or glass.. . The only other memorable part are the prices, ranging from $50-$120. It is definitely HIGH, so make sure you are having a good day at the tables!  But seriously, this is one fine dining experience.  For the quality and service amply given, and in Vegas -- I would never question dining here based on price.  . . Next time in Vegas, I am so going back!
Wow! Where do I begin. I left Vegas days ago and I'm still raving about this place. The 16oz rib eye I had was the best tasting steak I have ever had in my life. it was tender and tasty, like nothing I have ever eaten before. They give you a few different sauces to try, but all you need is a little bit of sea salt and you're good to go. Itdoesn't come with sides, but you don't really need them. Also, the service was excellent. We had a few different people waiting on us, bring us bread and drinks. Kind of pricey, but very well worth it and a good place to take a date.
The best mac n cheese ever!. . I took my mom to Vegas for her birthday and she wanted to go out for a nice steak dinner. I asked for a recommendation on Twitter and CUT was the first restaurant to come up. . . The service was amazing, you make a crumb with a breadstick and it's quickly cleaned up. The food was amazing, I recommend both the brussel sprouts and mac n cheese as side dishes. The wine menu was extensive and presented on an iPad so it was a bit easier to go through and find a great wine. . . The restaurant is a bit pricier than I'm used to but for the occasional treat on a special day, it's well worth the cost.
WOW!! I am officially a fan of this restaurant!! A week after going there, I'm having major cravings of all the food I tried there. If funds were not an issue, I would eat here every week.. . The place itself was nice, chic, a little upscale but not too stuffy. I liked the decor though it was a little dim (i like to see exactly what i'm eating!) We got a few complimentary treats - first, 3 little cheddar cheese cracker things ( one for each of us.) They were good but it was kind weird because they were so small and kind of tasted like those little goldfish crackers. There was also a bunch of these long, skinny, crunchy breadsticks. They were ok.  We were also able to choose from different breads that they had. I chose the pretzel bread and the focaccacia. They were both really good but the pretzel was especially good with this spicy horseradish mustard sauce they had. It might have been a wasabi mustard. I don't remember but I know that it was very good!!!. . The menu was a little intimidating, as I am not exactly a steak connoisseur. Our server tried to explain the menu and how they cooked the steak but I had no idea what he was talking about and I was also not really paying attention. We opted out on the appetizers to keep our bill down but regretted that when we found out our steaks would take 45 minutes before they were ready. I decided on the USDA PRIME, Black Angus Beef 12 oz. Ribeye from Creekstone Farms in Arkansas City, Kansas - Aged 28 days ($58)  with chimichurri sauce on the side, which was a couple bucks. My boyfriend ordered the NY Sirloin - 8 oz. American Wagyu / Angus "Kobe style" Beef from Snake River Farms, Idaho ($85) and his brother ordered the Australian 100% Wagyu Beef from Oakleigh Ranch, Alexandria, NSW. 6 oz Rib Eye ($145.) We also got 3 sides - Yukon Gold Potato Puree ($12) French Fries with Herbs ($12) and Cavatappi Pasta "Mac & Cheese" - Quebec cheddar ($21).. . So here's the breakdown - My 12 oz Black Angus Beef Ribeye dominated my boyfriend and his brother's steaks. It was massive. So if you are super hungry, that would be a great option. I ended up giving a lot of it to them bc I couldn't finish it. Anyway, I ordered a medium- well and I should have paid attention to the server because it came out more done than I would have liked. I later learned that all the steaks sit an extra 10 minutes which makes it a little more done. I should have had it done Medium instead. So it came out pretty firm but it was still absolutely delicious!! There was so much flavor in this steak that I didn't need the chimichurri sauce at all. The flavor from the steak overpowered the chimi sauce!!.  I didn't taste my boyfriends American Wagyu NY Sirloin but he said it was very good and he was happy with his choice. Now the best thing on our table was the Australian 100% Wagyu Beef Ribeye.  I was very lucky that my future brother in law shared his steak with me. It was honestly one of the best things I've ever tasted in my life!! My mouth is watering thinking about this steak. I've never had Wagyu beef before but after tasting it, it makes any other steak seem so average!  Wow - literally, I cannot even describe this steak. It was so rich and buttery. It really just melted in your mouth. I'm going to make a plan to go back and order this buttery goodness to myself  in the near future.. . And now the sides. The fries were ok. Pretty good but we barely ate them so next time we won't be getting those. The mac and cheese was delicious!! It came out way too hot and burnt your tongue but it was very very good so I didn't care. lol. The potato puree was phenomenal. It's in my top list of best mashed potatoes EVER next to Old Homestead's garlic mashed.  . . So yeah, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that loves a good steak!! It was a little pricey (with a couple glasses of wine and soda, tax, tip and all it came out to well over $500 for 3 of us.)  It was worth every penny!!!
Every bit of what a Vegas steakhouse should be. Little bit trendy, terrific service and mouth watering, lip smacking buttery morsels of charred cow parts. Mmmm... . We had a pork belly appetizer that literally melted in my mouth. Not even sure how they cooked it.. slight BBQ flavor. At the table I ordered the Tasting of New York Sirloin which included a true piece of Wagyu.. those beautiful striations of fat were clearly visible. I've been getting annoyed with bait-and-switches elsewhere.. . Sides were very good but nothing *that* memorable.
Some friends  and I were in Vegas last weekend for Julie V. birthday. We all decided to dine at Cut to celebrate! Cut was a great experience. Probably one of the best steaks I have ever eaten.. . Upon arrival we were quickly seated. We have a reservation for 9. The service was great. They are very attentive and helpful. They even took the time to bring out some of their Wagyu Steaks for use to see prior to ordering. They are helpful in explaining the differences in the meat quality.. . The food was great. I ordered the American Wagyu Ribeye, which is a hybrid between American Angus beef and Wagyu cattle. The was one minor problem in that some of our steaks were cooked over. We all ordered Medium Rare and a few came out closer to Medium. However our server quickly replaced our steaks with new ones. And to be honest the overcooked steak still tasted great. I seriously contemplated just eating the steak. But ultimately decide to ask for a new one, considering it cost $90. When the replacement came the meat was just delicious! . . We also ordered a large selection of sides, which are served family style. I loved the spinach and the onion rings. The only side dish nobody really liked was the Potato Tarte Tatin. It was a bit on the salty side.. . Overall great experience. I look forward to dining at Cut in the future. In terms of meat quality, it far surpasses anything I have had. In the future I really want to try their 100% Wagyu Steak.
Everything is good. And I say this because we nearly got everything offered on the menu!. . I split a porterhouse steak and ordered it extra rare. It was basically seared on both sides with an extremely cool (so, yeah almost cold / raw!) center. It melted in my mouth like butter. I sampled my friend's rare American Kobe ribeye steak and declared it *overcooked*. How can I ever go back to having normal steaks again? Sigh.. . Let's see....Mac and cheese, delicious. Polenta, my favorite side. Brussel sprouts, blue crab & shrimp louis cocktail, tuna tartare...all exceptional. The Kobe beef sashimi was freaking out of this world and I would probably kill someone for another bite of the Date Cake. Oh and did I mention the House Made Steak Sauce? It's heaven in a dish. Normally my appetite wanes after a few drinks but even after 4 Umami's, I managed to clean my plate, sample our 5 desserts AND polish off a cheese plate. Can you say gluttony? . . The service was really attentive, and everyone was so nice and accommodating. A definite must-do in Vegas!
Wow, this is as good as a nice steak can be.  Highly recommend "Testing New York Sirloin" if this is your first time eating here.  One of the best stead house I have had in my life.  Love the wine selections on the menu.  Can't wait to go back again when we are in town.
We had dinner here on 12/17/11 ..Steak Lovers Heaven !!! If you love steaks this is the restaurant to come while in Vegas. It is pricey but worth every penny..  Nice cocktail menu.. creative mixologists at work...I had the asian pear martini and my hubby the traditional ketel one martini a little dirty..  for appetizer the pork belly is a must try.. it is cruchy on the outside and buttery tender in the inside..perfection.. the butter lettuce salad it's amazing.. if you can believe that a salad can be amazing you should try this one.  With an array of choices from the meat menu could be quite intimidating but the servers are highly trained to help you make the best selection.  I chose the bone in petit filet mignon and my hubby tried the kobe filet both charred to perfection on the outside and buttery in the inside.. melts in your mouth.. WOW !!! worth every penny.. for sides we had the brussel sprouts and the spinach both excellent and for dessert the fig cake with gianduja ice cream YUM !  Please do not let the name Wolfgang puck confuse you .. this one is one of his best restaurants.. way different to Spago..
DELISH!!!! I came here for my birthday dinner with a party of about 10. The service was great and everyone was really helpful and friendly. It's a bit pricey but you pay for the quality. . . As the appetizers we ordered the Bone Marrow.. yummy! The pork belly was to die for! It melted in your mouth the minute it entered =P *drools* just thinking about it! The salads were pretty good as well. Nothing exotic about it. . . I ordered the Australian 100% Wagyu steak. It was a 6 oz. steak. Makesure to order it medium- rare but tell them more on the rare side. No need for any toppers because it's perfect the way it is. Totally worth it! . . You have to order the sides separately. We ordered about 4-5 different things which was perfect for a group of 10. We also got one complimentary side from the server. . . I can't wait to come back to Vegas to eat here! =]
I have to say the real star here is the service. From the start with the phone call we received asking about any allergies or requests we knew the service would be great. It continued throughout the whole meal. Our server Michael ensured my girlfriend had nothing that could make her sick and made excellent recommendations, but didn't really push towards anything extra. Everything was handled without us needing to ask for anything and our whole meal was a real joy.. . It's tough to say the food takes a back seat, because it is truly amazing as well. The tasting selection is great, because it's tough to choose from all the delicious cuts offered. Our steaks were prepared perfectly and each side dish was a great compliment.. . If you're in Las Vegas and looking for an amazing dining experience, you need to check out Cut.
Best steak i've ever eaten is the petite cut tiler mignon at CUT! The meat just melts in your mouth. Sides I tried:. . -- roasted baby beet salad. -- tempura onion rings. -- creamed spinach. -- Mac and cheese. . I highly recommend all of these! My mouth is watering just thinking about all the delicious food.
2nd visit just as great as the first. Get the American style Kobe from Idaho and you will be happy. BEST STEAKHOUSE IN VEGAS!
Ladies and Gentlemen. I think I may have had the best steak here.
ummmm yeah, it's the nuts.....
I have been to almost every high end steakhouse in Las Vegas including here twice, and this place is probably the best in the city. The service is second to none, and the food is excellent. If you are looking at prices, this is not the place for you, but if you are looking to splurge a little and have an excellent experience, get after it!  My GF and I shared an appetizer, a steak, and a dessert because we knew we would not finish our own, and we had one of the best dining experiences we could have imagined.  The wait staff is very polite and will not rush you through a meal like many others do. . . *Note, if you like Ruth's Chris, you may not like this place because the meat tastes like beef instead of butter. If prime rib is your favorite, this is probably not for you, but if you like a real steak, this is the place to be. . . The beef is always perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection. I would not recommend getting anything that is cooked more than medium rare because they may not know how to do that. Real steak should be eaten rare to medium rare... not medium or well. . . Also, we had the most memorable dessert ever. It was a baked alaska as recommended by our waiter. . . I walked out of here wanting more and I can't wait until the next time i get to put that succulent piece of red meat into my mouth!. . Try the bone marrow appetizer. it is to die for!
I love CUT in LA and before a night of drinking and partying I needed fuel to get me through the night. I knew CUT in Vegas would live up to my expectations. We decided not to order our normal appetizers and entrees and try need things. After a long debate we ordered the warm asparagus with poached organic egg, blue crab shrimp "Louis" cocktail, bone in rib-eye, pan roasted lobster, and mac and cheese. Everything was AMAZING except for the lobster. It was suppose to be 2lbs but it looked like a 11/2 lb (We sell live lobsters at my family restaurant). The lobster was not tender, it was chewy and that could be because they over cooked it a little. It was edible but I will never order it from here again. Do yourself a favor and eat here if you have not been here before.
The best service I have ever had. Excellent steak sampler plate.
This place really lived up to its reputation. The service was OUTSTANDING! The wine list is above par and the variety of fun cocktails is excellent.. Now...to the food! The Big Eye Tuna appetizer was beyond amazing! Loved the spicy/crisp bread that came with it. . They offer a variety of bread too...loved the pretzel knots and the caramelized onion focaccia. . I love how they bring out all of the meats and explain the differences in them in flavor, and regions. We ordered and split the filet cooked medium rare. IT WAS PERFECT! Melted in my mouth! We also had a side of the sauteed spinach was so perfect and not greasy at all.. Be prepared to spend $$$$...but it is totally worth it!. Can't wait to go back!! . Gianni, the restaurant manager came out to make sure everything was to out liking. He also escorted us in after we had Kaori from AngeLiKa Concierge Services book our reservations. That little extra special treatment made the night even better. Two best friends enjoying an amazing night and dinner in Vegas!. . Check out AngeLiKa Boutique Concierge at www.angelikaboutiqueconcierge.com. . I am telling you...Kaori and her team can make any reservations for you and you get the VIP treatment...perfect for impressing your significant other, friend or business colleagues, etc...
This was my second time at CUT and it was just as great as my first experience. This time I tried:. . The American Wagyu Porterhouse -- This is a LARGE steak. I think it was like 32 oz. I ended up splitting with one of my friends. But I can definitely eat the whole thing myself if I wanted to. The filet side was amazingly tender. Unfortunately it was literally like 2 bites. The New York portion was also very flavorful and juicy!. . Other things I tried were the Mac and Cheese, Brussels Sprouts, Creamed Spinach, and Fries. I'd say that the Mac and Cheese and Brussles Sprouts were my favorite. Seriously the Mac and Cheese is amazing. I was also able to try a bite of the Kobe Steak Sashimi, which was delicious. It melts in your mouth. The only complaint was that the sauce was a little salty, but overall a great dish.. . On thing to note based on my 2 experiences at CUT is that they tend to slightly overcook the Ribeye steaks. On both occasions anyone who ordered a Ribeye (Medium Rare) commented on the fact that it came out closer to Medium. It not too big a deal since they are totally willing to accommodate, either offering a new steak or removal from the bill. I think often times they try to bring the steaks out all at the same time and with the Porterhouse being much thicker, sometimes the ribeye comes out a little over. Honestly the steaks are so tender and juicy it really doesn't make too much a difference. Despite this little flaw, CUT is still one of the BEST steaks I've ever eaten.. . I still look forward to trying the 100% Australian Wagyu Beef. One day I shall return and try that!
Carnevino and CUT are in a league their own.  Everything here is stellar.  Nothing is left to chance.  Everything is done deliberately.. . Make sure to reserve a table - you may not get in.  This place is popular, and if you are price-shy, it may not be for you.  Fair warning - the prices are ridiculous.  And for anything Wagyu, the prices are ridiculous X2.. . But the quality apparently cannot be beat.  We have never had a bad experience here.  The service is flawless.  The food the same.  The meats are awesome (but truth be told, the steaks at Jean Georges - at Aria - are easily on par at a lower price).. . Alas, you have the Wolfgang Puck cache here, and despite the horrifically uncomfortable booths (ask for a table - we insist on table over booth), it's worth a back pain to eat this food.. . The sides are just as wonderful.  Rings, fries, potatoes in every way, veggies.  Bring your third mortgage.  You will need it.  But it just may be worth it.
This is my favorite steak house in Vegas.  I always get the tasting of the new York sirloin, side of shishito peppers and wild mushrooms, the Mac cheese is good also.  For an app I really like the crab n shrimp cocktail.  The pretzel beard is delicious with their seasoned butter. Pricey but well worth it.  Perfect for eating solo at the bar.
One of the best steaks that I have ever had. The service here is also top notch. The prices were comparable to a chain like Morton's but I felt like the service was a notch better at CUT. All of the waitstaff is very attentive and well trained such as asking if it is ok for them to cut the fried egg that was on top of the asparagus appetizer. There was refilled water and wine before you could barely get through half of the glass. The staff earns every dollar of the gratuity here.. . For an appetizer I ordered the glazed pork belly. Honestly, if they could have just loaded me up on that I would have been satisfied. It was very tender and flavorful. Others in my party ordered the tuna tartar and the warm asparagus. If you're a sushi fan then the tartar is for you. The asparagus dish was different than I expected but very tasty.. . My main course was the 12oz ribeye cooked medium-rare. The steak rub used is a tad on the salty side but the tenderness and steak flavor is out of this world. For sides the table ordered the pureed potatoes and the creamed spinach w/ fried egg. The all star here was the spinach. I liked the texture the fried egg gave to the creamed spinach. . . Dessert was banana cream pie. Overall a very solid dessert but compared to the rest of the meal it was the weakest. If I go again I will probably get the chocolate souffle instead. . . Be sure to make reservations and just relax and enjoy the service. Save your allowance and treat yourself to a night at CUT.. . Also, I was under the impression that one needed to dress up a tad for this place. That was not the case. We spotted at least a couple of people in shorts and a baseball cap. But of course their money spends the same as mine.
This is the place for steaks!  they know their stuff.  It is ridiculous expensive - $60 for a petite filet, without sides.  But it was delicious!  Don't miss the cheese puff pastry that they bring to start and the pretzel bread with appetizers was out of control tasty.
Australian rib-eye.  I can't describe how marbled, flavorful, and amazing this cut of meat was.  It ain't cheap, but it is truly worth it.  Beat any NY steakhouse in recent memory.. . Service was top notch, food was excellent, ambience was perfect.
Thought Vegas couldn't compare to the steak in the east coast. I was wrong. Amazing meat and appetizers at cut. Staff is nice and you feel great eating at this fine dinning restaurant.
My boyfriend took me here for our 21 months anniversary celebration. The food and the services are GREAT!! They started by giving us the cheese sticks, and cheese balls. They were so delicious :D and then they offered breads after we ordered the food. The breads are different and the butter were so unique! They taste so good!! . . We ordered the starter - Kobe Steak Sashimi. It was great and the meat dissolve in the mouth. Though I think it was a little too salty. . . We ordered 34oz "Kobe Style" Porterhouse steak $190 as the main course and creamed spinach with fried organic side on the side $12. The spinach was creamy and goes well with the steak. The steaks came with chef's recommended of sauces, my boyfriend liked some of them but I prefer no sauce :D. . Everything was delicious and my boyfriend and I really enjoyed the dinner. The services were good and professional. The entire dinner come down to about $290 or $300...It is expensive but it was totally worth it!! I would go back again once I have money! :D
SERVICE/AMBIANCE:. -Impeccable, as you would expect from any 5 star steak restaurant. Love the decor inside this location and the Beverly Hills one. High ceilings w/ minimal furniture. Lovely.. . FOOD:. -TASTING OF NEW YORK SIRLOIN - Three of their best cuts served in small portions. CUT used to serve Japanese wagyu, but now it has been replaced with Australian wagyu. I'd say its comparable. The most rich flavorful steak you will ever eat.
Oh Las Vegas, the city of do-whatever-you-want. We were hungry by 5:30 so we picked up a dinner reservation around that time.. . The service was excellent. We asked for the sommelier to help us pair wines with our food. She was incredibly helpful and mindful of our requests and tastes. We'd see her a couple times before the night was over; she poured our bottle and also later on when we asked for her help again with dessert wines.. . The food was amazing. Our first course was the Tuna "Toro" Tartare with spicy crisps. It seemed somewhat of a waste to take delicious toro, the most sumptuous and fattiest part of tuna, and slicing it into little bits rather than eat it 'pure' with a tinge of soy sauce and wasabi. But it was worth it! . . As for the steaks, we elected to try the tasting plate with three different types of the same cut. The fats melted perfectly and they all had great flavor, distinctive from each other.. . The sides, potato puree and honeyed root vegatables, were phenomenal.. . For dessert, my date and I came to an impasse. A delicious impasse. He got the chocolate souffle and I had the banana cream pie. The pie tasted like air, incredibly yummy tasting air. It was so light! . . All in all, the experience at Cut was really great. What made it was the staff. Throughout the night, we had a few different people other than our server check in with us. We had the opportunity to chat with them too. I always appreciate that they take the time to do that.
A Cut above the rest. . . Impressions:. I was fortunate enough to have some spare time in Vegas during a bachelor party to take a break from debauchery and get my steak fix here.  Every time I step into Cut  the culture of the restaurant is prevalent in each one of it's staff members. You will receive prompt  and very cordial service from the beautiful hostess staff.  The wait staff is extremely knowledgeable in their menu and their confidence in their preferences is much appreciated.  They really listen to what you desire to feast on, and will work with you to find what's best for that occasion.. . The Meal:. . Breads-  I tried two of the many breads they had to offer, the focaccia was a bit to soggy for my liking so I only took a bite and placed it aside, BUT the pretzel bread bites they offer are pretty amazing.  You know the feeling you get when you spend 10 dollars on a pretzel at a ballgame and you feel like you are chewing on a rope?  Eating this pretzel at Cut will make you regret eating any other pretzel rendition of any type in your life.  If pretzels were like Highlanders and there could only be One, this would be it!. . Sides- Onion Rings-Being from Texas I love all things fried, the onion rings were good but I was hoping the cut of the onion would have been bigger.  The presentation was beautiful as they stacked the onion rings on top of each other about 8 inches into the air.  The tempura fry worked well with the onions as the batter was light and the salt was melted into them. Nothing to go crazy over here.. . Brocellini- typically I order some sort of a grilled asparagus variation to accompany my steak into my stomach but I wanted to change it up and try something different.  The brocellini was sauteed and came with a few sun dried tomatoes and it had a mild vinaigrette drizzled on top to  cut some of the sharpness of the vegetable.   It looked as good as it tasted.. . The Main Event- I selected the 20oz. aged bone in rib-eye and it did not disappoint, this is my go to choice for steak due to the good fat content this cut has.  If you like your steaks on the rare side be wary because this cut will be extremely rare more towards the bone due to the nature of the cut.  I was recommended to get the steak cooked at a medium rare and it was fantastic.  The steak was seared perfectly on both sides and it was cooked consistently throughout. I got the bone marrow as a compliment to the steak and they give you an ample amount, using it as spread accented each bite perfectly.. . Do yourself a favor and the next time you are in the City of Sin, get yourself a piece of Heaven at Cut.
CUT is what I envision a steakhouse in heaven would be like. . In fact, if and when I get to heaven, if there isn't a place like CUT there, I will be extremely disappointed.. . We went here for a friend's birthday dinner. We had a reservation, arrived on-time, and were seated promptly. The waiter was extremely knowledgable and attentive. He explained the menu thoroughly and answered any and every question we had. His recommendations were great and his overall demeanor was friendly and nice. When our food arrived he was joined by several other servers who dished out our sides. The overall presentation and service was very good - I felt quite pampered :). . Now onto the main thing - The Food. AMAZING!! The cheese puffs were delicious, as were the breadsticks. The pretzel bread was wonderful too. But the main course was a grand-slam. There were 4 of us, we each got a different cut of steak and we were all in love with what we ordered. We each got a side to share, and I loved them all, especially the macaroni and cheese but MOST OF ALL the creamed spinach and egg. I was the one who ordered the spinach, based on what other Yelpers had said and that dish did NOT disappoint!!! It was fantastic, and I wouldn't have ordered it had it not been so highly rated by others on here, so thanks Yelpers for helping me step out of my comfort zone and try something new there. . . By dessert I was too full for much else, but we got a banana something? and a lemon something? - sorry, I'm being super helpful here, I know - but both were good. But nothing compared with the main meal. It was out-of-this-world delicious.. . I should note, here that there was one negative - our waiter forgot our friend's salad. She brought it to his attention, and he apologized and offered to bring it out with the meal, but she declined. But I noticed on the bill that he comped us our desserts, which was a nice touch.. . The bill came to roughly $450 or so for the 4 of us, so no, not cheap but worth it! I think everyone should splurge on a fantastic meal every now and then, and I'm glad we did that at CUT. It was wonderful.
This is as good as it's gonna get for a steak restaurant. I personally recommend the Prime rib eye (rare or medium rare). The steak was so juicy and full of flavor. Definitely you do not need an A1 sauce on this steak. Truly AMAZING!!!
Great steak.  You won't be disappointed.
Quite possible the best filet I've ever eaten. Top notch service with a great wine list to match the great menu offerings. Average check was around $250 per person for food and wine.
Oh Cut, I love you.  I love you because you have the most exquisite vegetarian side dishes and the very best scotch in the world.  . . It's no rumor that Cut gets the best meat.  They get the best meat from LA to NY, at least.  If steaks are what you're after, you couldn't get better meat if you went to the farmer in Japan.. . But here's why I really love you the most, Cut:  for your whiskey.  I love you for carrying the Springbank 25.  I love you for really knowing what you're doing with steak and scotch.  Even though I don't eat steak.  I want to know a restaurant knows what they're doing, and so few restaurants know what they're doing.. . Cut, I adore you.
This is definitely one of my top picks to eat at when in vegas! My girls took me here for my birthday this year and OMG it was so amazing! I ordered the lobster for the table and I regret not ordering the entire thing for myself because it was outta this world good. just thinking about it makes my mouth water thank goodness im going back in two weeks to dine here again! =D We all ordered the steak i think everyone got the ribeye, as for the steak it was not nearly memorable as the lobster. I dare say CUTs lobster more than rival lobster at gary danko and french laundry. For apps the yummiest items that comes to mind is the pork belly and the bone marrow. the crab cake and apple salad was pretty good. french fries were french fries lol nothing else to say about them other than that. i did love the onion bread and the pretzel bread and i loved how they let you eat as much as you please because i LOVE onion bread cant get enough of it. we ordered i think half the sides on the menu but only thing really stood out were the spicy peppers. For dessert they gave me a baked alaska for my bday YUM! it was perfect way to end the meal. We ordered the souffle because i can never say no to chocolate souffle however it did fall short of expectations. I have to say Gary Danko and Alexanders makes it better. The banana creme pie cake was fantastic, so yummy you could really taste the fresh banana. For a group of 6 girls ordering an app, entree and side plus a lobster for the table the bill came out to be 150 a person of course given the exception that my girls wouldnt let me pay for my portion. Least to say it is obviously an expensive place to dine at but WORTH every penny.
Great steaks! Seasoned and cooked perfectly.  We ordered the steak sampler, filet mignon, new york, and the Kobe.  Fantastic flavors to share.  Loved the tuna tartare!
Wagyu beef was way good I had the rib eye and it was cooked perfectly. CUT is not for the "faint of wallet" everything is pricy my Rib eye was $88. Appetizers were great I had Burrata and prosciutto and my friends both had the Ox tail soup. For dessert I had the banana cream pie and it was the best I have ever had nothing like your run of the mill pie shop versions. Service and the wine list were both excellent. I'd eat here again for sure.
Wow.  Just WOW.  If you're going to drop $250 on a dinner for two, this is how to do it.  . . Steaks are not easy to make well, and even the finest steakhouses can't always guarantee a flawlessly cooked steak.  But my bone-in ribeye was flawless--nice and fatty and tender with excellent seasoning and flavor.  Even better was my wife's petit New York, which was tender and rich and meaty.  Never thought a New York could beat a ribeye, but I stand corrected.  The sauces were also good, but if you're a real steak lover, you don't need them.  The steaks stand their ground on their own.. . Appetizers and sides were also knock-out good.  We ordered a burrata and prosciutto dish that was soft and flavorful, and a bone marrow flan appetizer that was meaty and rich and light, all at once.  Delicious.  For sides, we got the spinach and garlic--nicely done, with lightly seasoned spinach that's cooked, not wilted--and the fingerling potatoes, which came sauteed with delicious bits of roasted garlic and chunks of thick-cut bacon.. . Service was also very competent, if just slightly on the overeager side.  Our waitress (Tara) was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable--she could probably teach a class on the marbleing of Wagyu beef.  She stopped by often to chit chat and check in, which was nice, but we would have liked just a bit more privacy.. . All in all, a fantastic experience.  Among the top three steaks I've ever had, and very possibly the best.
Had a bit of trouble with service but they made it right and food was top notch.
I've been here once and afraid to go back, because I am not sure if my amazing experience can be recreated. We had a group dinner here with about 12-15 people. The service was professional, good, but not "friendly" (if you know what I mean). We got some cut of beef, but the amazing part of the meal was when my friend gave me a taste of her Wagu (American Kobe) which is like $80, but was freaking amazing. Just one bite, that is all you need. So savory, flavorful, the right amount of fat marbleized in there. All the side dishes were pretty amazing too.
Las Vegas is full of high end steakhouses that serve prime steaks.  Cut exceeded our expectations in service and food quality.  Wow!  We have dined at STK, delmonicos, craft steak, prime, flemmings, mastros, and rank Cut one notch above because they nailed all aspects of our dinning experience.. . We booked on open and requested a private table. It was a Friday night and the restaurant was busy but didn't seem packed.  We were given table 1 and it was perfect.  The service was Very attentive and they servers  able to answer all our questions about the menu and wines.. . I started with a heirloom tomato salad but requested something other than goat cheese on it.  Our server recommended a fresh mozzarella.  I loved the salad. The tomatoes tasted like they were just picked from the garden.  My wife hade the butter leaf  salad w blue cheese crumbles and a  yummy house dressing.. . I ordered a bone in filet. Hands down- Best one ever. Hot, medium rare with a perfect exterior char. For sides we had spinach and the mushroom/peppers. The mushrooms were the highlight of the sides.  The steaks also came with a variety of mustards but we really didn't need them.. . Too full for anything else. A great meal overall-  our bill just topped $300 so it's a bit spendy but that's Vegas.
It must be said:  Cut in Las vegas gets the best scotch in the world.  If you want rare and wonderful scotch by the glass, fly in immediately.  Worth the trip, even for a vegetarian.
Just realized that I never wrote a review from my visit back in February but to say that I STILL recall the incredibleness of the Braised Pork Belly appetizer, says something. Unbelievable taste and flavors. I had to pace myself because I truly wanted to lick the plate! Then came the main course of a filet of "I dont recall" and that was stunning as well in cut and in how it was prepared. We had so many wonderful cocktails as well, trying various types with Asian Pear etc. . . Just a wonderful meal overall. A little quiet in the atmosphere, but the service was incredible and food even more amazing than we'd hoped for our last night in Vegas. . . Highly recommend and kudos to Wolfgang!
Wow!. . One of the best meals of my life. & the service was incredible. Expensive  of course but it doesn't get better than this.
So the BF was in Vegas for the first time for his birthday and he picked CUT as his expensive steakhouse dinner.  We were not disappointed.  Wolfgang Puck figured it out with this place.. . First off, love the atmosphere in here.  Clean lines, dark but not too dark lighting, and they had some good tunes going.  Mostly classic rock but interspersed with a few more recent rock songs.  I was glad it wasn't boom boom boom techno for once.. . We were immediately seated when we arrived and things started happing in rapid fire succession.  Bread was brought to the table.  The waiter took drink orders, recommended wine, and went through the menu.  Someone else brought an amuse bouche.  It was a bit overwhelming overload there for a bit but all for a good cause - to get us food and booze!. . We started with the bread.  There were some crispy bread pieces covered in cheese, maybe Parmesan?  It was so good we ate all of it.  Then we started with the maple glazed pork belly with Asian spices, sesame orange dressing, and apple compote.  4 pieces of decadent, amazing pork belly perfectly offset with sweetness from the apple.  We LOVED this.  We also tried the shrimp and crab (or was it lobster) cocktail which had a creamy sauce holding it all together.  I'm not much for creamy sauces so that's a personal preference, but it was still very good.. . So they bring out the steak cuts and show them to you and explain the differences.  I had already decided in my head on one thing but after hearing about the Wagyu steaks from the USA and Australia there was only one way to go: the tasting that included 4 oz USDA PRIME aged 35 days steak, 4 oz American Wagyu "Kobe Style",and 2 oz Australian Wagyu.  I just couldn't resist trying each of them against the other and deciding if they were really all that.  We ordered them up medium rare with sides of parmesan polenta and creamed spinach with fried egg.  The tasting came with sauces for each steak.. USDA Prime aged 35 days: really good steak but harder to cut because of the marbling.  I didn't eat all of this one because I wanted to focus on the other 2 cuts.. American wagyu: at first, this one was my favorite.  It was buttery smooth with a great flavor.. Australian Wagyu: this one was even more rich and buttery in flavor and soon became my absolute favorite of the three.  i finished all of it.  Probably the best steak I have ever had in my life ever...including at my favorite steakhouse in Dallas.  Next time I believe I'll just fork out the cash for this cut alone.. Creamed spinach: good, fried egg made it different than the usual, but just good, not mind blowing.. Polenta: perfectly cooked, cheesy, great side for the steaks.. . For dessert the BF ordered some sort of table side crumble that came with market fresh peaches and blackberries in it  I don't know what it was called but all I know is that I have never had fruit that fresh and sweet and delicious.  Not a single blackberry was sour, the peaches tasted like they came straight off the tree.  It was an amazing dessert.  They also sent out a baked Alaska for the BF's b-day gratis and it said "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate on the plate.  Fun.. . The price is commensurate with the quality food you are getting which means this shit isn't cheap.  But it is worth it.  I left here stuffed and happy and pleased that the $$$ spent matched the enjoyment had.  Give this steak a try, you will not be disappointed.
Oppps this was review was sitting in my pending reviews for awhile. Just forgot to post. First visit to Cut was July of 2011.. . Anyhow, we love Cut!!. . What we ordered:. . Appetizer:. Maryland Blue Crab & Carolina Shrimp "Louis" Cocktail, Spicy Tomato-Horseradish . . Steaks: . American Wagyu / Angus "Kobe Style" Beef From Snake River Farms, Idaho, Filet Mignon 6 Oz*. . Everything was delicious and cooked perfectly!!. . UPDATE:  We just went back this July with two other couples and everything was as great as we remembered. Everyone loved their steaks! And as usual, service was outstanding.
I don't even know where to start, other than to say this place was fantastic.. . Appetizer - steak tartare.  It was fantastic!  Also tried the tuna tartare, which was very very good.. . Dinner - Snake River Farms rib eye - medium (recommended over med rare by server due to marbling).  #1 steak in my life - no lie.  I tried the armagnac sauce on the side, but just go straight meat.  Don't dress it up at all.. . Sides - mac and cheese, which is their signature - it was very good, but very rich.  Creamed spinach with egg was great.  Also had the potato mash, which was very very good.. . Desert - their baked alaska, which was great.. . I tried a couple of bottles of my favorite - tignanello.. . Overall this place is a grip of cash - but if you have a special occasion and want a treat - go here.
Wagyu! Best guys night out spot ever.  Attentive service (though a little slow) and some of the best steak I have ever had.  The company I that I brought with me wasn't in the most mature mood, but the impressive decanting process and great steaks made it worthwhile - no one joked about the food's quality.  . . Sides and appetizers were also highlights - macaroni and cheese was so good that several of us posted immediately to facebook about it.  Pork belly appetizer was a huge highlight - somewhere a pig died for a very good reason (Sorry, Babe).  Sauteed spinach also excellent and the squash was ok (yours is still better, Mom!). . I did the New York sampler, and most of the others did one of the ribeyes.  We all loved every bite. Highlight - the Australian Wagyu was about $300 a pound (!) and was as soft and tender as a ribeye.  However, the other two were so good, that I'm not sure if it is worth it to pay the difference, unless it is a very special occasion.  . . My taste buds were happy with me, my wallet wasn't, but what the heck - it's Vegas - live a little.
CUT is the Vegas experience in a nutshell: impeccable service, amazing food and drink selection, and a dent in your wallet that will leave you longing for more. . . Right before your order is taken, your waiter/waitress will bring by a platter of steaks wowing you with words such as "wagyu", "kobe" and "marbling". This, is marketing/entertainment at its pinnacle. From the display platter, you will clearly be impressed with how well the Australian waygu marbles, even in comparison to its American counterpart. While I "settled" for the American wagyu ribeye, the buttery texture and the sweet yet savory flavor of the meat was better than steak I've had previously.. . The service was excellent. Our waiter was witty, but not chatty, and apparently has a photographic memory of the Wikipedia page on waygu beef. . . The setting was spacious yet extremely intimate. We were seated in one of the side booths, which could have easily sat a party of 6. The booth was filled with plush pillows. Food coma? no problem, simply take a nap and continue eating afterwards. . . Our order of two drinks, tuna tartare, one USDA prime bone in ribeye, one American wagyu ribeye, and one side of field mushrooms and shishito peppers came out to $305, counting tax and tip.
After my outstanding experience here, it goes without saying that Wolfgang Puck's take on steaks is a "cut" above the rest!. . Tucked inside the Palazzo resort, Cut exhibited a refined contemporary appeal and warmth that was both inviting and comforting.  I especially enjoyed the service by Tara who made our visit feel special from the very moment we sat down. . . After allowing us to peruse the menu for awhile, she returned with a cart of steaks and proceeded to give us a brief but detailed description of all their signature cuts and I must say, they all looked enticing! . . Shortly after, we were served our wine and breads, which included the usual steakhouse suspects of fragrant & savory onion focaccia, pretzel roll, one of my personal favorites, mainly because of the firm outside texture and soft and chewy inside... and it wasn't too salty like most other pretzel breads I've come across. . Parmesan bread stick took a close second  place for its addictive light, crisp & crunchy texture with a generous coating of Parmesan breading on the outside.. . Bone Marrow Appetizer - From the buttery soft marrow to the warm, flavorful mushroom sauce, it was a blissful combination of ingredients and love. Simply unbelievable. If there's one single dish from this entire trip, I will be craving for months afterwards, it will definitely be this!. . Steak Tasting . American Kobe Style from snake river - paired with a house steak sauce. The beef was perfectly tender and seared beautifully leaving my mouthwatering for another juicy bite. The tangy flavor of the steak sauce was a perfect addition to the meat as it brought on a bright acidity to the steak. Let it be known, I'm determined to get the recipe for that irresistible sauce!!!!. USDA prime dry aged - much softer and juicier than the New York, this cut of steak was praiseworthy in every way. Honestly, it was a cut of perfection on a plate and the accompanying chimichurri sauce added a brightness to my palate that made it all the more satisfying. . Australian wagyu from Blackmore -. Worthy of it namesake, was truly the best of the best. It's like they took 50 steaks and concentrated all the beefiness into one bite. The best steak I've ever had. It came with a bearnaise sauce but honestly this piece needed nothing to dress it. It was perfect all on its own.. . White corn had a fresh & crunchy bite with a slightly sweet caremelized exterior that added a pleasant rustic flavor to the dish . . Dessert. Baked Alaska - Tasted like a giant strawberry mochi. Btw, that's a good thing!  It also came with a small lemon bar, which had a lip puckering natural citrusy flavor!. . Banana Creme pie came with chocolate ice cream, sauce, and chocolate crunch pearls. Now that's what I call a triple chocolate threat! Having said that, It was surprisingly mild and less cloyingly sweet, which I really enjoyed.. . Before we left, Tara gave us more sweets in the form of a chocalate truffle cookie bar and a chewy peanut brittle...both were absolutely delicious! . . Service was very thoughtful and the staff in general were ever present without being overbearing. But i'd have to say Tara made all the difference! She transformed a pleasant meal to an unforgettable dining experience with her natural charm and warm tableside manner, which easily made the evening five stars in my book!. . Bravo to CUT for an exquisite meal and extraordinary service! . . You bet ill be back for an encore! . . Until then.... . Happy Eats!
Food was good, steak was a little salty, but the waiter warned be about that. If you know it is so salty, why not change it?. . Service was great, and ambiance was great.
CUT is a very good Steak House. Although the Australian Wagyu Ribeye was not available I tried the 8oz. American Wagyu Ribeye and was very pleased. I am a steak foodie and this one was very tasty and tender. At $88 it is a lot cheaper than the $145 Australian Wagyu but still quite a bit more than my favorite $18 Ribeye at Murphy's Bar and Grill in Honolulu. I ordered the steak cooked Medium was brought to the table perfect. . . This was a splurge meal while in Las Vegas so hard to fork over $12 for pureed potatoes. It's still worth a try to say you've had Wagyu beef.
AMAZING food. Went for husbands birthday dinner (steak is his fav food) and we got a porter house steak for two, Mac and cheese, roasted corn, and the creamed spinach. The sides where shared with four people and it was plenty. The service was amazing and while yes it was pricey ( roughly 800.00 for four people which the other couple we where with got a porter house for two as well) and we each had about 4 drinks and a bottle of wine (one of the cheaper ones 68.00) I would still have to say worth every penny. This is a must if you have steak lovers with you!
Great food(wish they had a smaller porterhouse, 34oz only) food only surpassed by the service.
Outstanding experience from the perfectly cooked and seasoned steak down to the swivel chairs. Enjoyed everything about my experience here. The staff was outstanding, the food was delicious and the ambiance exceptional. Well worth the price
Bar none, I had the best steak of my life here. Now, I had to wrestle with the price, but after agreeing to paying $125 for Waygu Filet, I'm completely glad I had the gastronomique experience of a lifetime. A word to the wise. These waiters, bus people, wine stewards and hell, the receptionist are trained in the fine art of upselling. I thought a few of them must have been on commission! It's kinda ugly. Our waiter copped an attitude when we wouldn't order the $264 bottle of wine. Instead we had the $70 Malbec that was just great. The creamed spinach was a tad bit heavy with nutmeg and the warm asparagus salad is to die for too. All in all a terrific meal and I will go back for sure. Just remember to bring your big fat wallet! $$$$$
Wow. I don't know where to start.  The beet dish I had was out of this world.  three styles of beets perfectly cooked!!!  Wife had a amll filet aged with an unbelievalbe seasoning.  THIS WAS AN EXPERIENCE!!  Wife said the decor was soso.  I really loved the whole evening.  I'd eat here once a week if it was at home.
VERY BEST STEAK OF MY LIFE. And that doens't come lightly. I've eaten at Sparks, S&W, del friscos, benjamins, peter lugers, keans, you name it. I've eaten steak on a ranch in Argentina, I've eaten steak from family farmers in Utah. Ive done it all. I ordered the 12 ounch Strip 35 day dry aged Corn Fed Nebraska steak and I was blown away. I actualy went back 2 days later. This place is CONSISTENT, they almost can't screw up on the temperature (and at 60-180.00 per steak the better not). I had the Brussel Sprouts with Pork belly, but I really really enjoyed this steak, and will probably not come close to it again. Great Wine list (displayed on an easy to navigate Ipad). My colleagues wife got the dry aged filet (i really dont' see the point in dry aging a filet) and that's pretty much all she ever orders and she preferred the sirloin. It was JUST THAT GOOD. little over done ont he seasoning, I don't think the product needed it that much, but I will probably talk about this steak for years.
I ordered the crab and lobster salad to start off with, petite filet, medium rare, mac and cheese and bacon brussel sprouts. The waiter recommended an excellent malbec to pair with my steak. They had tasteful old songs playing in the restaurant. Everything was perfectly delicious.
Great steakhouse for steak-lovers with a sophisticated palette.. . CUT features a developed menu of dry-aged US steak, blended "US Wagyu" steak, and true Japanese Wagyu beef from Saga Perfecture, Kyushu, Japan. Steaks are a little pricey (dinner cost over $300 for 2 including tax and tip), but it's worth it!. . I came here for dinner last Sunday as an early celebration for my birthday and will definitely come back next time I visit Las Vegas.
CUT is casual but elegant in presentation and food quality. First of all the staff;we had Roberto house manager and Chip our waiter; you couldn't ask for better. Roberto made us feel like he knew us and was at our command. Chip was a fountain of wine information. I have eaten at four of pucks restaurants now in Vegas and LA, Only Lupo at MGM grand was bad.-. but CUT delivers. I had the special beef carpaccio with shaved white truffles and white truffle holindaise. What can I say it was delicious and chip paired a perfect Viongne. Next was a Bibb lettuce salad with blue cheese and avocado, I didn't know a salad could be so perfect. Next a prime quailty rib eye cooked medium rare + . I like my steak inbetween med and med rare. It came absolutely perfect. The sides where pureed yellow fine potato and broiled asparagus with bread crumbs and Parmesan. Chip again paired a perfect glass of Hietz Cabernet. . Each item I ordered was perfectly cooked, perfectly executed, and nicely presented.. I would go back in a heartbeat .. I also found out from Roberto that they have remodeled Spago in LA and re-did the menu.. I can't wait to go back there now cause it was a little dated and meals kinda old county clubish.. I highly recommend CUT las Vegas, you won't be disappointed. It's not cheap but it is well worth it.. . Visited October 2012
Went for dinner 11/11 at 6pm.  Was seated within 5 mins (reservation made by a casino host) in the bar area.  Was greeted right away by the waiter.  Loved the wine/cocktail list via Ipad.  . Ambience:  Great vibe.  Music was not terribly loud.  Nicecontemporary feel to the restaurant. Service:  Great!  This was expected and delivered.  Always someone waiting on you.  The food flowed nicely through the courses.  The only delay came at the end when we were waiting for our bill. Drinks:  They have a great selection of wines.  But what was more impressive was their scotch selection.  If you are a scotch fan, you will be truly impressed.  We tried a few of the recommended cocktail (one was a scotch cocktail and really good) and was not disappointed.. Food:  Excellent!  Started off with the Bone Marrow Flan and Tuna Tartare.  Very tasted.  I love their bread selections.  Ended up splitting the Nebraska corn fed rib eye and the American Wagyu Porterhouse for 2 (there was 3 of us in all).  The flavors were amazing.  You need to have them cook it at least Medium (we had it Medium-rare plus) to truly enjoy the flavor.  For the sides, we had the mushrooms, brussel sprouts, and Mac n' Cheese.  We were very satisfied with the meal.  Dessert was great as well.  We had the banana cream pie.. . All in all, Cut did not disappoint.  The ribeye was one of the best steaks that I have had.  I would definitely return.
Why WG? Why did you do this to me?? I wanted to hate it, but I didn't.. . Let's talk about the food first. We were presented a bread plate, though it was fresh and tasted great with the butter and grey salt, it was cold. I forgot about it once I took a bite of the pretzel bread. Then we had the Kobe Steak Sashimi.......simplicity, single most sexiest thing I've ever eaten. The main course, Wagyu Porterhouse, Nebraska Rib-eye and Porterhouse. It was charred, cooked rare, finished with sea salt and garlic butter. Both the porterhouses were grassy, a bit gamey and melted like butter. I couldn't believe what I was eating since we had a bad experience at SW last time we were in Vegas, and that was a joke. . . Then came the service. In a city run by restaurants, hospitality is what sets them apart. At CUT it sets apart from the world. I don't even know where to start, but having your own busser doesn't hurt nor having a hot plate presented at the same time with 9 other runners. . . Hands-down the best hospitality I've ever received and one of the best eating experiences in my life.
Best steakhouse literally in the country, hands down.  Have lived in NY, CA, FL.  Have travelled all over the country and have eaten in most of the big steakhouses.  This place is second to NONE.  Very expensive, and worth it.
Cut is by far the best steakhouse I've ever eat at.  That's a huge compliment because I go to so many restaurants.  First off Wolfgang Puck is the best of the best.  I've been to other celebrity chef restaurants but none do the complete dining experience like Wolfgang Puck.
got the bone marrow flan as an appetizer.  it is very rich and buttery as some have said.  for the main course got the Japanese Wagyu ribeye.  it was like chewing on cotton candy it was so soft.  for desert, I got the banana cream pie. excellent, rich in flavor but tastes very light.
One of the greatest eating experiences we have had. The service is beyond belief, the food unparalleled .Lazlo, our head waitperson was the best. We wanted for nothing. Having eaten over the world, this ranks near the top.
For the people who have no idea about restaurants and great steak, that is unfortunate...I have read reviews in which people are very pessimistic everyone a favor and don't write reviews...and also steak houses are expensive especially in Vegas, so when writing a review please stop talking about price, it seems redundant..if you bitch about the prices, just leave because you get what you pay for in this restaurant...I have dined in many different steak houses across this country and some in France as well...I  cook and enjoy many different kinds of steak as i order about 13 lbs of different kinds of American beef, (prime dry aged, different farms, different cuts) per week... so I get the idea about steak... The Japanese Kobe was so great it nearly brought me to tears, it blew away the other waygu that was on the menu (i tried all)...as for the other steaks...great selection and reasonably priced from what I have had in past steakhouses...you can get the other steaks besides the Kobe online...infact i order the American waygu strip they serve their through that particular farm and now have 10 lbs in my freezer:)...service was sharp and impeccable...if anyone doesn't agree with that, you probably were and are the problem.  I don't like alcohol, therefore i didn't care for the desserts, but I'm sure they were great for someone who likes that kind of thing.  I had such a wonderful time there and wish there was one down the street from me...If you consider yourself a steak fan, understand real passion about food, and don't care about price (even though it wasn't that bad), you are doing yourself a disservice if you don't go to this restaurant...if you like to bitch and complain about everything, cheap, and have no clue...dont go to this restaurant...infact stay home and don't write reviews..... . Your ever loving steak fan,. . Jon K
In the middle of stuffing my face with hors d'oeuvres at a convention party, my husband and I were invited to a group dinner at CUT. We almost declined because we had eaten our weight in cocktail shrimp but decided to go anyways.. . BEST MELT IN YOUR MOUTH STEAK EVER. . . Even though I was stuffed I found room at CUT.
My husband and I frequent CUT for special occasions and the food, service, and ambiance is worth every penny.  We have been there over 5 times and have never had a complaint.
Great ambiance - 5 stars.  Great staff - 5 stars.  Red wine was decanted and prepared well.  Ordered 35 day rib eye, and 21 day petite cut fillet mignon and porterhouse.  All were excellent.  Porterhouse was cut and served very well.  Tenderloin portion melts in your mouth.  No need for appetizers cuz amuse bouche and choice of bread were very good.  Focused on the meat.  . . This might be the best yet.  5 stars all around!  Highly recommended.  . . Nice chef's dessert for the celebrants.
Great food and great service! My husband and I love trying new restaurants and even though we are vegetarians, steak houses usually are very accommodating and in this particular case, Cut has a wonderful Vegetarian tasting menu! The service for locals is incredible and Roberto Garcia (manager) was a great host.
Stopped by CUT for a quick cocktail and dessert before heading out to Lavo... great vibe/decor, fabulous staff and unique cocktails! I can't wait to go to Vegas and actually have a full meal at this restaurant.
Absolutely love this restaurant! Celebrated my husbands birthday here with friends and everyone is still raving about it. Ambiance is modern, food is fantastic and service was great, but expect to pay for it. Highly recommend if you're looking for a fantastic restaurant in Vegas!
we had wonder full time here service was great, and the food " steak"  it is one of the best we try we will be back again and again . thanks guys
The food is amazing. The staff is very friendly, overall had a great time. Its a lot better than Cut in Beverly Hills, CA.
One of regular place to eat when we come to Vegas. Been here about 12 times. Most of times I get medium-rare Nebraska 35 dry aged 12oz Ribeye (tried other cuts but regretted since the rib-eye was so good).  Out of 12 times, one time it was little over done (prob medium) and the other time it was little over-seasoned. But still, steak is really good. . . I still remember the very first bite, which automatically gave me a smile with wow. . . For the appetizers and sides, try to avoid greasy items like fries or onion rings since it will ruin your appetite for meat. . . Level above Mastro's or Ruth Chris.
I was really impressed by CUT.  It really is an experience and an education.  Before you order, they explain the different types of steak that they offer by actually bringing the meat on a cart out to the table.  Everything that I ate was delicious and I am not a huge red meat eater.  The quality of the meat was wonderful.  We each ordered the plates that included a cut of several of the steaks.  It was cool to be able to taste each steak without having to actually order several different steaks.  It is very expensive, but in my opinion, it was totally worth it.
Hands down best steakhouse I have come across.  I've had a few of their steaks, from the high end kobeto the middle end Nebraska rib eye.  I try to dine here every time I come to Las Vegas.  . . Service and quality of everything in the restaurant are excellent.  I recommend this to everyone and anyone when they tell me they're going to Las Vegas.
This was our 2nd time dining at CUT and we were impressed both times. The service and food are outstanding. I had an aged filet the first time and an American wagyu filet the second time.  The first was excellent but the American wagyu was AMAZING! All appetizers were delicious - between our party we had beet salad, steak tartar and pork belly. The pork belly was out of this world and was so flavorful. All sides were delicious. We will definitely return on our next Vegas trip.
Very delicious steaks - savored each bite, I don't have a favorite because there were so many good ones..   . Luxurious, elegant atmosphere.. . Good for group dining or couples.. Great place to celebrate an occasion or milestone with friends.
I'm not sure who orders $82 steaks, but my $68 bone in filet was excellent.  The sides were great, and the sauces were a nice complement.  The wine list on the iPad was fun, and the list was great especially for wines by the glass.  The waiters were very nice tomy 14 year old son who stuck with steak, fries, and 3 bottles of Norwegian still water!  I would go again in a heart beat, but I'd be sure task for one of the hip booths!  Oh, the Parmesan bread sticks were amazing...almost the best part!
My boyfriend and I took a last minute trip to Vegas, and based on reviews, made a reservation at Cut.  We were not disappointed.  From the moment we walked through the door the service was friendly, accommodating, and attentive from the hostesses, to the bartender, to our two waiters.  Wine choices were on par. Nice, simple decor.  Excellent presentation and recommendations on types of steak.  Did not skimp on the bread (which unfortunately we took full advantage of).  We shared the American Wagyu Beef porterhouse for two and it was possible the BEST steak I have ever had.  Cooked to perfection.  Sides of mac and cheese and caramelized cauliflower also did not disappoint.  We finished with a huge and yummy chocolate souffle.  The whole experience was a delight.  Great meal, great atmosphere, great service.  You can't ask for much more.  We definitely made the right choice with this restaurant.
If you're trying to get some brownie points with the significant other, may I recommend Cut by Wolfgang Puck.. . I'm usually pretty picky on giving out 5 stars especially on these high end restaurants as you should expect such quality but here's why specifically I'm giving 5 stars here.. . My friends and I did a walk-in on friday night with no reservations (BIG mistake) and of course the wait time was hours on end, they managed to sneak us in the bar area and do dinner service there.. . We told the server we were in quite a hurry and the server gave us very accurate times on expectations of when our food order would arrive even when choosing on how our meat would done. IE well done would take this amount recommend Medium etc etc with our time frame.. . My friends were also talking about quite a large bet they had going on a certain game(it's vegas right?) and without asking, the server changes the channel on the tv closes t to us to that game.. . Food came out as you would expect from a high class chef from a high class restaurant. 4-5 servers explaining each item etc etc. Salivating just thinking about it really.. . Constant check ups from the servers. Water glass never empty. Service just awesome.. . If you're going to splurge on some food. Do it here.
Excellent food and equally excellent service and experience.  The GF and I were looking for a nice steak house while we were in vegas and after reading through a bunch of yelp reviews we finally settled on Cut... mostly due to the wide selection of Kobe and Waygu selections... I mean if you are gonna go all out, go all out!  . . THE ORDER. . Waygu Ribeye - 5 out of 5 - Wow.  The nicest, most tender and most flavorful cut of Ribeye I've ever had.  I was so looking forward to having an entire cut of Waygu and it didn't disappoint.  The steak had a nice char and was well seasoned.  It came out perfectly medium rare.  It was so good that I literally took my time savoring every single bite.. . Waygu Filet Minion - 5 out of 5 - Equally good.  Oh so tender and flavorful.  If you like Fllet Minion this will blow your mind.  I can't recall my GF ever being this excited over a steak she's ever had. . Wasabi-yuzu Kosho Butter Sause - 3 out of 5 - This was an additional sauce you can have on the side of your steak order.  I was expecting a big burst of flavor, but it was much more mild than I expected and didn't hold up to the steak as well as I would have liked.  It added more of a "richness" to the steak but not as much flavor as I would have liked.. . Shallot-red Wine Bordelaise Sauce - 5 out of 5 - Wow.  I've had some wine sauces before, but this one may be one of the best I've ever had.  There is a sweetness and an earthy depth to this sauce that perfectly compliments a steak.  Really it is an excellent and very much worth it.. . Wild Field Mushrooms Topper - This was another option that you can have on top of your steak. My GF added it to her filet minion and absolutely loved it.  The mushrooms perfectly good.  They had a nice texture and flavor and really went well with the steak and Shallot-red Wine sauce. . . Cavatappi Pasta "mac & Cheese," Quebec Cheddar - 4.5 out of 5 - Very nice addition to the meal.  The portion size is equal to that of an entree so there is plenty to share.  The mac & cheese came out with a nice crust on the top and the noodles were perfectly cooked.  The sauce creamy and rich and oh so good.  One of the better mac & cheese's I've had.. . Apple Stuffed Pumpkin Doughnuts with Maple Whipped Cream and Pumpkin Gelato - 5 out of 5 - Yeah...it's just as good as it sounds!  The apple stuffed doughnut was airy light.  The maple whipped cream adds a nice subtle sweetness and the pumpkin gelato was seriously out of this world.  It really doesn't get much better than this.. . SERVICE. . It is really everything you would expect from a top flight steak house.  Everyone from the servers to the busboys are top notch and give everyone personal attention.. . OVERALL. . While the prices aren't for the feint of heart, it was worth every single penny.  Highly recommended to anyone who is looking for a nice upscale place to eat.
By far the best steakhouse in Las Vegas. Ate there twice this week with both nights being outstanding. . Bartenders are some of the best - I go there once or twice a year and yet they always remember me and treat me like a regular . . Try everything on the appetizer menu - even the tongue - you will be surprised. Cocktail list and bourbons are out if the world. . . The waygu filet didn't need a steak knife - melted. The mushrooms and peppers are amazing. . . All in all one if the best steakhouses I go to. Can't wait to be back
If you're looking for amazing steak and great service, this is the place. I ordered the American kobe beef, it just melted in my mouth. (What I would give to go back to Vegas for it!) Before the meal, a waiter/waitress comes to your table and explains to you each part of the steak that they have available. Great for those who don't know which cut of meat they really like. The crab cake appetizer was also amazing. Forget this, the entire meal was amazing! Price was what I expected, so no surprise there. Definitely a place to check out!
The service was ok but the food was perfect.
Cut is absolutely amazing!! The best steak and food I've ever had! I took the boyfriend here for Valentine's Day and it was definitely worth it! The best meal we ever had!! Everything was perfect! The service is fantastic and the wine selection was to die for! If you're looking for a good steak restaurant Cut is the place to go!
Can't go wrong with Porter House Wagyu and finish sweet with Chocolate Souffle. Puh~feik.. . First CUT location we tried after hearing so much about it from fellow carni-foodies. The verdict, it lives up to the reputation.  From the service to the food, to the ambiance and the servers attitude our dinner experience couldn't have been better.  . . It was New Years' Eve night and we got in early to the restaurant. Got seating in the bar area, which was perfect for us, we enjoy people watching as entertainment with our meal. And there was plenty interesting ones to watch that night.. . The service was prompt and not the typical stuck up manner found in the old school steakhouses, but easy going, polite and humorous.  . . We shared the generous portion of the Porter Wagyu and ordered a couple of starters (they are quite petite in portion) and sides.   True to the reputation of a great steakhouse, the Porter Cut meat was tender, juicy, and just right - medium rare. It's buttery and tasty. I could almost say that it melts in my mouth, but then not really :) you still have to chew the meat a little. It is after all, meat, not ice cream.. . To close the menu I chose the Chocolate Souffle. My review on that is: Ooohhhhh YUMMMMMMMM....~ *insert food-gasm here*. . Have I had better chocolate souffle? I don't think so. Not yet. So for now, CUT has the crown. We scraped clean the souffle in 5 minutes top!!  Not to worry, the second night we were there, I savored it longer. (yes, we were there again for dinner the next night...). . All I can say is it was a perfect dinner to ring in the new year.
As sad as my wallet felt after this meal, my stomach danced a dance of a thousand smiles before, during and after this meal.  You say that this sentence makes no sense?  Well the level of deliciousness that this meal provided my tastebuds with didn't make sense either, but I'm not going to deny it.. . Any who... here is the breakdown of my heavenly dining experience:. -American Wagyu Filet Mignon (om nom nom). -The sampler steak platter (if it is your first time, GET THIS.). -The bone marrow flan - odd texture, delicious flavors. -The free bread - try the pretzel rolls.. you won't regret it. -Mac 'n Cheese - if you like deliciously gourmet and rich mac 'n cheese, this is definitely for you (it's also super filling which is good since everything is pricey). -Spinach - not my favorite, I wouldn't order it again. . Overall, this place is incredible.  You have to go into it without price limitations to truly enjoy it, but once you get over the sticker shock, you will have an absolutely spectacular dining experience.  Definitely a "treat yo'self" kind of place.
An absolute divine dining experience that encompasses excellent meats and even better service.  We had no problem booking a party of twelve.  There were probably five servers assigned to just our party alone who made sure our wines were never empty and that everything way tip top at our table.  They showcased their prime cuts of meat in raw form and helped guide us to informed decisions based on our preference for flavor.  I had a bone in grass fed NY strip (20oz) that was cooked to perfection.  I specifically requested no sauce, with a dash of salt and pepper since I am a meat elitist, and I had no problem finishing the whole steak.  I loved their sauces, but most seemed to overpower the terrific flavor of the meats, so I would recommend not using the sauces, especially if you are opting for a special cut.  As for sides, they tasted pretty standard in comparison to other steakhouses.  I would recommend the potato puree and the spinach.  They also have an extensive wine cellar and you can definitely have some great pairings.. . PROTIP:  CUT is arguably one of the top steak houses on the strip.
Nice, clean ambiance.  Service was impeccable from the second we walked in... Wow to the red meat selection and undeniably the best rib eye I've ever eaten!  As for the sides, sauteed onions - amazing, but not such a fan of the cauliflower... but in the end, who cares because we came there for the meat!  . Wine selection was also on par to what one would expect of fine dining... As was the bread!. A little pricey - but again, expected, and well worth it!
If I could give Cut 6-stars... I WOULD!. . Everything we ate was delicious.  From the unique and delicious bread selections to the salad (I recommend the beet salad) to the steaks to the desert to the coffee - everything was perfect.  Great service, great atmosphere.  I will definitely be eating here again when I am in Vegas next time.  Be careful though, it is EXPENSIVE! (but worth it)
A dinning experience for sure!. . I've been here twice:  once with a party of 6 and once with a private party of about 50.  Both "experiences" although different were superb!  We were not on the "paying end" at either event, but I can tell you this place ain't cheap.  However, the service is amazing!  Seriously, you just don't get service like this anymore unless you are shelling out big bucks.. . I have nothing but "atta boys" for this place, amazing!
BB introduced this place to me and I LOVED it!. . came here to celebrate anniversary and birthday with a party of four.  . . New York Wagyu - Austrailia Medium = the magic . New York Wagyu - Japan Medium = the magic x 100000 and explosion in your mouth. Side of cream spinach pairs well. . desserts: souffle and banana cream pie both were delicious in their own accounts. . service was spot on. . . I will be going back :)
This place is so fancy it's almost uncomfortable haha. However, this restaurant has the best food , in my opinion, that I have ever tasted. The service is impeccable.the appetizers are really good. I really enjoyed the tuna tar tar. The Japanese wagu steak is just out of this world. The flavor just explodes in your mouth and melts in your mouth! The puree mashed potatoes are insane. I have been here countless times now and there really isn't anything on the menu that is bad. Favorite restaurant of all time.
This review is for the bar only. They have the best drinks in town. All of the juices are fresh, no cans here baby. They will make you anything you want and have so many ideas for new drinks. Will make a drink special for you right there on the spot.. . Oh and can you say "Duck Fat Popcorn"?? Served at the bar with the drinks. If you have never tried duck fat popcorn, you have no idea what you are missing. Even if you do not like duck, you will love this popcorn and be stuffing your face.. . You can make your order on I Pads which is fun, especially if you are wasted on good drinks and duck fat.. . Definitely check this place out. Can't wait to try the food.
Cut remains one of the top steakhouses in Vegas.  Why the update?  The return of real Japanese beef to the menu.. . Excess Foodie Trivia:  Japanese Wagyu beef varies in quality and flavor depending on sub species, rearing, and environment.  There are dozens of Wagyu "brands", the top being Matsusaka Ushi (virgin females fed rice and beer, massaged daily producing extremely deep even marbling, whose fat is the only one that melts at human body temperature).  Kobe with its rice like aroma and Omi with its viscous fat round out the top three.  Regardless of brand and ranking in Japan, all are far beyond the quality of the best USDA Prime.. . Back to Cut. Outstanding starters are modified seasonally.  I'm longing for Autumns return and the incredible carpaccio with celery hearts, truffle hollandaise and shaved white Alba truffles.  Perhaps the perfect version of a carpaccio, white truffles enhance the sweet, mineral beef flavor and the otherworldly white truffle hollandaise it's richness all surrounded by an umame fog of aromas.  The bone marrow flan is extremely rich, it's flavor sweetened by an earthy mushroom marmalade and brightened by an herbaceous, green parsley salad.   Excellent.. . To the beef.  All grilled over hardwood for a gentle smoked flavor and finished under a broiler.  Well seared, very evenly cooked, always to temperature.. . In general, bone in USDA prime cuts are gently aged deriving their beefy flavor from the bone.  Hearty beefy texture and deep beef flavor.  The boneless cuts have more aging and a nuttier, more pronounced umame goodness.  Slightly greasy, mouth feel and lingering flavor.  Very high quality AMERICAN steaks.  . . The American wagyu, very tender, sweet, mild beef flavor.  Extremely rich whose fat leaves a slight cloying mouth feel... . Finally,  Japanese wagyu from Saga prefecture.  A4 quality.  Deep, even marbling.  Very sweet with a good beef flavor.  Extremely rich.  Very smooth mouth feel, the fat is not cloying having the viscosity of wine, not olive oil. Excellent.. . Many return visits, still no desert.. . Service remains Steakhouse refined and efficient.  . . The wine list remains excellent.. . Prices match the quality but hey, it's Vegas, all it takes is one spin.
Boy, oh boy. Wolfgang Puck, me likey! . . I got to experience CUT for the first time during my past Vegas trip (May 2013). It's tucked inside the Palazzo near the casino and shops leading to the Venetian. Step through the doors and you're transported into a very friendly, contemporary and modern atmosphere, which I loved. . . I had reservations, which I strongly suggest, so there was no waiting to being seated at our table. The inside decor is very modern and sheik. The ambiance and lighting are very on par with what I would expect to this type of restaurant. . . After being seated, you get to peruse their menu and look at the options you have for appetizers and entrees. You can also order drinks via iPad when your server gets to you. Your server also brings out a giant platter and explains the cuts and types of steak that you can order! Very informative!. . Shortly after ordering, the bread platters are brought around and you're asked which types you want. Being the fatty that I am, I asked to sample all of available breads.. heheh. My favorite was the cheesey bread! Eat as much as you want. . . Now onto the star of the show.. the steak. Oh wait, a very honorable mention goes to the supporting star, the bone marrow flan. What a perfect medley of flavor and texture to make this appetizer definitely a must try if you come here!. . For steak, we opted for the American Wagyu, one rib eye and one sirloin. Both were cooked and served close to perfection. Definitely one of the best steaks I've ever had in my life. The crust/sear on the steak was great and the flavor and doneness inside was amahhhzing. I would definitely recommend this type and cut of steak.. . Overall, the ambiance, amazing food and superb service match the price tag that comes with CUT. For just two people, the bill altogether (with tip and tax) came out to nearly $300. No drinks were had that night too, mind you. But definitely an experience and meal to remember. and hey, you're in VEGAS! Go big or just go home already.. . (FYI. If you choose/ask for 'still' water, they serve you VOSS water. Each bottle costs $9, mind you. That was an unexpected surprise when the bill came..)
Phenomenal experience for us. We made the reservation on Open Table and we were seated promptly when we arrived. . . The food is on the expensive side but you can totally tell why once you look at the menu and see Wagyu beef and other kinds of cuts of aged meat. . Once I saw the Wagyu I had to try it. The texture and taste was really good. It was the most tender piece of meat I've ever had; so buttery and even though it was a small 6oz, I felt so full after eating their delicious bread and the steak with their sides. Their mac and cheese is so creamy and rich that I could only eat one spoonful of it.. . And what made the dining experience even better was their service. We never felt neglected. They came by often to check on us and I am not kidding you when I say our wine glasses were never empty. The server came by and refilled our water glass and wine glass periodically and checked on us to make sure everything was good. . I've never had a service like that before and we were really impressed with their service.
Great food and service! We had the Waygu filet which was delicious and melted in our mouths! We could cut the steak with just a fork! We also tried the NY strip! Super juicy and seasoned just perfect. I added the caramelized onions and they were absolutely delicious! The mac and cheese that is made with four different cheeses was just to die for! It was so creamy and all the different types of cheeses made it taste so good! The other side we got was the creamed spinach. I liked it but probably would not order it again. It was very good but not as creamy and thick as I would of liked it. I like that they put the fried egg on top thought that was going to be good, but I would of preferred to have taken it off. They stirred the fried egg in, which added crunchy edge and I would of rather of kept that soft creamy taste throughout! . Overall amazing experience and service was impeccable! A must try in Vegas!
Excellent service, atmosphere, and the food was outstanding. Everything I demand from a steakhouse. . . Given we spend a lot of money to fine dine, all of the key categories must be met for 5 stars, Cut meets a 5 rating in all areas.. . And an awesome selection of single malts to boot! . . I still love Del Friscos, but Cut will be on my short list while in Vegas.
My first ever celebrity chef experience, and what an insane experience it was. I honestly could not have been any more excited.. . Walking in the space was very contemporary. With some dim lighting and a upscale feel, you know you aren't on a college campus anymore. . . Lets walk through the list:. . Food: The steak was AMAZING!! We ordered a side of mashed potato puree and mac & cheese with our steaks. I didn't get the Wagu even though they made it sound like a godlike cow. I went for the U.S.D.A. Nebraska Cornfed cut with an Argentinian Chimichurri. The steak was perfectly cooked and just busted with flavor in my mouth. The mashed potato was very light and smooth, while the mac & cheese was very rich. All of which served with mounds of bread and parmeseanencrusted sticks. . Service: This is what set CUT apart frmo anything I've experienced. The service was so on point I honestly thought they had to serve in the military before they could be considered for a position here. Everything they said was articulated very well, and my glass was never even HALF EMPTY - always with cold water etc. . . The most impressive part was the serving of our food and at the end of our main course. They came around with 1 server per 2 people and served the entire table with our food and sides in a span of about 15 seconds - ridiculous. . . Then, as soon as the last person's fork hit the deck on their meal, they immediately asked if we were finished and cleaned out the whole table with multiple servers in about 5 seconds. I honestly couldn't believe it, and it was a spectacle to see. Very personal service and much appreciated - worthy of Mr. Wolfgang Puck for sure.. . All in all, I would give this place more than 5 stars if I could. Shoot, I could give it 5 stars just for the service, thats how awesome the experience was. I cannot wait to come again!
Fantastic food, service and ambience.. I have dined here several times as its among the few best steakhouses in Vegas. Highly recommended!!
What is not to like about this spot.  Make sure you get a reservation first off. The service was superb, the various breads were extra tasty but the BEST part was the MEAT! I had a petite filet mignon which was so tender and well cooked. My hubby had this amazing marbled Japanese Waygu- whoa is all I can say. Every steak lover should try it at least once. It was so fatty but juicy. You gotta try it to understand. Save this spot for a special occasion or splurge!
Wagu fillet mignon was exquisite and tender. Broccolini side dish was made with cheeses which was also great. California house cabernet was well balance d and delicious. Service was top. Overall 28 in zagat rating for food, ambiance, and service.
The Wagyu steaks were divine. The steaks  were so tender and juicy! The sides were good albeit one of them was over salted for our taste. The service was impeccable. the ambiance was great. This is one of the best meals that we have ever had.
From beginning to end, our dinner at CUT was amazing. The decor and ambiance are modern, sophisticated, and classy. The service was unparalleled. Erin, the server, was helped by about 6 others and was so attentive without being pushy or intrusive. There were four of us at the table, and we each had two cocktails. The bartender is quite talented, and knew how to make our favorites as well as produce some of the more creative and refreshing drinks I've encountered. Each was truly high quality and delicious.. . Appetizers: We were served amuse bouches and various breads with butter - each was a fantastic mix of flavors. We ordered the burrata with prosciutto, melon and fig. Cannot remember a better, more outstanding bite of food. And the tuna tartare, aside from being the best presentation I've seen of this dish, was also fresh, buttery, and delightful.. . We all ordered the grass-fed filet mignons. What a spectacular steak, expertly prepared and just lovely. The sides - spinach with garlic, roasted fingerling potatoes with bacon, and mac-and-cheese were elegant, tasty, and complemented the steaks perfectly.. . Dessert (can't remember, however!) was also wonderfully presented and served, and a great end to our dinner.. . If you are in Las Vegas and looking to have a luxurious, satisfying experience, try CUT.
One of the best steak restaurants I have ever been to. The food is amazing, the staff is courteous as well as informative and attentive to your needs. The menu selection is out of this world. They have everything ranging from appetizers, main courses, and sides of every premium meat available. A great place to dine at if you have a chance in Las Vegas.. . The only downside-if there is one-is that it is a pricey place. This isnt Outback or Black Angus where you get more a value for your dollar-but a premium steak restaurant. . . Everything is a la carte where you can order for yourself, or share, including the main courses and/or sides. A great place to dine if you have the extra money to spare. Definitely a place you should experience.
One of my new favorite restaurants. Exceptional service, food & ambiance. Well worth the $$$$$. It is a must try.
Now this an extraordinarily over-priced restaurant....that is completely worth every penny/benjamin. . . Great service as well! The royal treatment!
I dined solo. hostess seated me at the very front table. amazing pre dinner bread options. Amstel pretzel highly recommended. order a filet and skip the $2 sauce. try the bread sauces on the steak. amazing. no sides just bread. steak one glass of wine and one cocktail. afraid to see the bill. but worth every penny.
Perhaps the best steak I have ever had. We ordered the Japanese Wagyu steaks and they were amazing. They melted in your mouth. OMG. The service was great. The sides were great but expect to spend some serious cash. Bill with two steaks, one app, one side, and a couple glasses of wine came to around $400 but definitely worth it.
My husband and I came here to celebrate our anniversary. We had the wagyu filet and standard filet with mac and cheese and carrots as the sides. Everything was out of this world. The wagyu filet was the best steak we've ever had. The service was great: super friendly and helpful. We're huge fans of another Wolfgang Puck restaurant in Dallas, Five Sixty, but this was even better. We highly recommend Cut and desperately need one in the DFW area!
Impeccable service.  Love the sommelier.  Exactly what four carnivores needed after a long hiking weekend in the desert, and exactly what one should expect at such prices.  A contender for my last meal.
This place completely spoiled me when it comes to steak. I tried the sampler plate with the Japanese wagyu, American wagyu, and USDA Prime. Oh man, it was delicious! The USDA Prime was tender and had good favor, as did the Japanese wagyu. The Japanese wagyu was a little too fatty tasting though, for my taste anyway. But the American wagyu was by far my favorite, just completely knocked it out of the park. The sides and sauces were good too, but the American wagyu just outshined them all.. . I'm actually not a huge fan of Vegas, but I will come back for this. :)
Food was quite excellent.  Had the Kobe beef (not wagyu, the real Kobe) and was outstanding!  Cocktails and wine selection was outstanding as well.  For a steakhouse, would probably rate it one of the best I've been to but not a huge steak guy.  So I would say that this is definitely the place to break the bank for food but be prepared for a hefty fee!  Call George Clooney when in Vegas because you'll need the Ocean's Eleven guys to help steal some money from Bellagio to fund this feast!
Straight good!  Had the American Wagyu Filet, melts in your mouth.  Cooked perfect, incredible flavor and just the right amount.  I've eaten here a few times now, and every time, everything is pretty incredible.  The bread is good, the salads are good, the sides are awesome.  What more can I say?  Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.
Their staff make sure that you have a good time. They take time to explain the menu , and the wines  . The wine list is not only excellent but is REASONABLE .
This is not a place to be stingy!  Pull out your big boy wallet and order the True Japanese 100% Wagyu Beef.  Yes, you are looking at about $130 for a steak, and no, there are no sides with it, but this will be the best piece of meat you have ever put in your mouth. [Insert perverted comment here] After all, this is the CUT in Sin City.. . Now that we got the main message out of the way lets talk about the rest. The room has a chic, modern, Vegas vibe.  The staff knows their meat and wine so feel free to ask lots of questions or let them guide you through the rest of the meal. Make sure you round out your meal with some of their great seasonal sides.. . That's it, it is that simple! Just remember to thank me later for pushing you to get the Wagyu, and hate me later because NO steak will ever live up to this one! . . *One last note...If youare that person that does not order their meat medium rare [to each their own, I guess], then take your big boy money down the hall and go to B&B for some pasta instead. No reason to waste that beautiful meat by having them over cook it.
There are more types of meat here than any other steakhouse.  They have dry age too.  Each is cut to perfection.  My friend who is a steak connoisseur selected it and from my experience I agree that it might be the best steakhouse in LV.  One of the most expensive too.
This was one of the best steak houses I have visited in Vegas.  The food was outstanding as was the service. It was a bit on the expensive side but if you are there for a good time, this is the place to go for a great meal. The desserts are also very good, save room for the banana cream pie.
Amazing birthday dinner.  With so many options in Vegas it is hard to find a place that is truly special.  The food was delicious and ambiance was awesome.  Christine provided an unbelievable experience as the sommelier.  I cannot wait to come back!
We went to Vegas for our honeymoon to enjoy the ultimate culinary experience. We booked reservations at 4 top-notch restaurants and we went to CUT on our last night. This place is AMAZING and was the best out of the 4 we tried!!! We both had the American Wagyu beef (filet mignon and NY steak), with potato puree and roasted brussel sprouts. The meat was so tender, juicy, and seasoned perfectly, plus it had a wonderful sear on both sides (no need to add any extras/sauces). There is definitely a difference between your "everyday" filet mignon and American Wagyu. If you come here expect to splurge, and in my opinion it's pointless to get any cut of beef of lesser quality than the Wagyu. . . The puree was delicious, very creamy and great flavor. The brussel sprouts were roasted with bacon and pearl onions - another very tasty side dish. We ordered the butter lettuce salad as an appetizer and loved it. My husband, who doesn't usually care for salads, would order it again in a heartbeat. It comes with a spectacular champagne vinaigrette that ties all the flavors together. For dessert we had the chocolate souffle and banana cream pie. In addition, they bring you bread with dinner. Of the 4 choices we recommend the focaccia and pretzel bread...delightful! . . Overall this place has superb food and great service. We are definitely going back the next time we are in Vegas. Simply AMAZING!
I thought I'd splurge a little bit visiting the area on a business trip, well recommended by a few others. Wide selection of high end quality beefs. I had the Japanese Wagyu steak - just to say I did and it was like butter! So damm good and it better be for the cost so stop by if you feel like blowing some money and feeling like a boss about it.
Amazing service, steak that melts in your mouth and great atmosphere. If you have a special occasion and love steak, Cut is top notch. This is a true steak house with many cuts of high end meat including both American and Japanese Wagyu beef. The service was impeccable and the manager stopped by twice to make sure we were ok with the table location and then again to ensure our satisfaction. My friend has a soy allergy and they accommodated her allergy by pairing a special sauce that was soy free. The American Wagyu was my favorite out of the tasting plate. I don't know how I will ever eat another piece of meat without comparing to Cut!!! The prices are best for those with deep pockets.... Worth every penny!
Brilliant meal and service.  We sat at the bar to dine to save waiting for a table.  . . You MUST order the mac and cheese, it's fantastic! I'd go back just for that...
Great Best steaks we've ever had. The American wagyu is fabulous if you don't want to splurge on the Japanese. My husband had the sampler plate and it was phenomenal. Sides were delicious and the service was perfect-excellent but not intrusive. Wine suggestion made by the waiter was also perfect. A splurge but worth it if you want amazing steaks!
Go for the American Wagyu ribeye! . . I came here on a Sunday evening at 6pm. I had a reservation, but there were only a few tables at the time we arrived. I had heard there was a pre-theater menu, but the waiter informed me that doesn't exist anymore. Before you order, a server comes around with a tray of (fake?) slabs of meat and explains the difference between the Japanese and American Wagyu steaks. I decided to order the American Wagyu ribeye and my bf ordered the American Wagyu filet. We decided to go with the mac and cheese as a side. The waiter said that the Mac and cheese used 7 year old cheese. . . The full bread service here is amazing. A server came around with a tray full of a variety of different breads. The pretzel bread was my favorite; it was so soft with just the right amount of salt. The server had told us to expect a 30 min wait since the steaks are made to order, but I don't think I waited more than 15 min.. . Don't expect a fancy presentation with the steak. It is literally a piece of meat in the middle of a white plate. We both ordered our steaks medium rare, but I found my bf's filet to be more on the rare side. My ribeye turned out perfect though. It was flavorful and tender with just the right amount of fat. . The mac and cheese was delicious. It tasted more like a pasta dish than just regular mac and cheese. . . At $88, this is by far the most expensive steak I've ever had. Was it worth it? I'd say yes!
Splurge worthy steaks!. . Cut is very expensive. Cut is also the best steakhouse in Vegas. . . The kobe sampler was really great. You can try the different styles of wagyu. Their other basic steaks are fantastic as you would expect. Also loved the beat salad. The sides were fantastic as well. And of course the deserts.. . Service is among the best in Vegas. The design is modern and very aesthetically pleasing.. . You will leave Cut with your stomach very full and your wallet very empty. Wolfgang really knows what to do.
This is a great place for any steak or butter lover! I've been to Las Vegas at least 7 times since I turned 21 and although it is very pricey, it is well worth it. . . Not only was it my first time to Vegas but it was also my honeymoon, the hostess asked my husband and I if it was a special occasion and when we arrived they made the entire experience one of a kind.. . We ordered some drinks at the bar before our reservation, the bartender was very friendly and talkative and even gave us a coupon for 25% off our entire bill which was very helpful since we ordered a TON and spent well over $300.. . They sat us in the front of the dining room facing everyone else with a huge table fit for a king in our own huge nook in the wall, the service was excellent and not snobby at all. At the time I was just beginning to become adventurous with trying new food. The bone marrow appetizer was amazing and left me craving it years after my visit. The steak for 2 was just like steak flavored butter, it ruined all other steak since.. . I will add on a side note that my husband went as far as to save the steak bone and flew it  all the way back to Alaska with us so my dog Zombie could also get a treat from Wolfgang Puck. I think that in itself should sell you on this restaurant, even if its only to try an appetizer.
I have to admit, I have always chosen CarneVino as my steakhouse in the Palazzo, but I was unable to get a reservation at a reasonable time, and given the recommendation, I decided tocheck out CUT.. . They were very nice and understanding about the fact I was eating for one, even offering a magazine. I was happy to just enjoy my food, though. I enjoy a glass of wine, but I don't consider myself a connoisseur, so when I started with a $13 glass of wine, I was very happy to not get the upsell you often do at restaurants of this quality.. . I started off with the Bone Marrow Flan and was absolutely stunned. I would say it was the best appetizer I have ever had, anywhere. For dinner, I had the 8oz filet (medium rare, of course) and the tempura onion rings. My one complaint is that the onion rings were pretty flimsy in comparison.. I didn't expect large ones, but they were basically onion straws, and it was a strange consistency as a result. However, the taste was outstanding.. . I loved that the steak came with different mustards. It seems silly until you try it, but it really reflects on Wolfgang's Austrian heritage, and they actually added a ton. . . I'm not normally a dessert person, but they had a pumpkin and apple beignet that I couldn't pass up. I'm glad I didn't, it was cooked perfectly, warm and just  decadent.. . The servers worked great in a team and were so friendly. They didn't try to sell me on anything I wasn't interested in, but every time I needed a recommendation, they were available. That's awesome.. . Overall, I would say it was on the level of CarneVino and would make my decision difficult next time, but thankfully I can hit both.
It took me this long to review this amazing restaurant. We dined here for birthday dinner 3 years ago. My husband took me to vegas and this was on my list of MUST eat restaurants. . . Heres what I remember... we ordered the waygu sampler... and had a variety of sides...mac and cheese....and i dont remember the rest.... the meat.... . how to describe the most delicious meat you will eve rhave. there was US waygu, Japanese Waygu and an Australian waygu. This plate did not come cheap. But the meat was so tender it was like i coudl have used a butter knife to melt through it.. . the wine sommelier came to help us choose a red and he aerated and poured it for us using 4 seperate glasses. it was insane. over the top. but i felt very spoiled.. . after the worlds most amazing dinner my husband asked if i could go in to the restaurant and meet the head chef as it was my birthday and i love big executive kitchens. I was told yes! I went back, the hwole staff was line dup to meet me and the head chef as well. We shook hands, talked a bit about food stuffs and got a photo. When i returned to my table a special dessert was brought out for me for my birthday. :). . I have very fond memories here. and i believe my husband does too...mainly of the bill but he also enjoyed the food. im ruined for life. no other beef will ever trump Waygu beef. And cut is a fantastic place to celebrate a special occasion...as longas your okay with the insane price tag.
Ok I think CUT may be my favorite steakhouse.... . The whole experience at Cut was amazing. What can I say... the food, service, and atmosphere was all superb!. . Once we got to the restaurant we were seated right away by the hostess. Our waiter came by and handed us our menus and explained alittle about their steaks. The whole staff was pretty knowledgeable. . . We started the night off with a bottle of wine. Cut has an extensive wine list! They have their wine list on an ipad and so the list is actually very overwhelming. Upon asking our sommelier he recommended us a bottle of their Heitz Cellars Cabernet Sauvignon since we were all going to get steak... and this wine did not disappoint... It was so good! :). . We started off the night with their Steak Tartare (4/5) ... wow so amazing.. loved the mustard sauce that complimented it... We had their American Wagu Ribeye (5/5) and their American Wagu New York (5/5). For sure the New York was drier than the Ribeye as expected. But both were some good quality meat. They were cooked just right and seasoned to perfection. The meat just melted in your mouth... OMG I am salivating while writing this review. Definitely get the American Wagu if money is not too much of an issue. I have friends that came to CUT and had their regular cuts and they weren't too impressed. So definitely get the American Wagu... you wont be disappointed... For us the Japanese Wagu looked way too fatty... So that's why we opted for the American Wagu... . . For our sides we got their Brussle Sprouts (4/5) and their Mac &Cheese (5/5)... The Mac & Cheese was definitely on the heavy side but I loved it! Loved the cheesy-ness of the whole dish... they had such a great combination of cheeses to make this dish... it did not disappoint... but definitely you can't have too much of it... . . For dessert we ordered their Banana Cream Pie which was amazing (4/5)... They were also nice enough to give us an extra dessert (the Baked Alaska 5/5) because it was one  of our friend's birthday! We didn't even ask them but they brought it out on the house! Definitely loved that. . . All the staff members were polite and did their job immepeccably. They weren't snobby or rude.. All were very down to earth and made our experience at Cut memorable. I would definitely be back here if it didn't damage my wallet too much! Nom Nom ^^
Every review says to expect good service, but I did not know how truly outstanding it would be. I brought my partner here for our anniversary and we have never been treated so well at a restaurant. As an interracial lesbian couple with a big age gap we are used to some quizzical looks or even questions, there was none of that here. Every member of the staff treated us with the utmost respect. The meal service itself was like a well choreographed ballet, which is harder than it looks. (reminded me of that episode of Will & Grace where Jack gets Will to be his cater waiter). The servers were charming and funny, not pretentious or stuffy in the least. My girlfriend has a serious Gluten allergy and they were so gracious about accommodating her, they never acted as if it was a hassle. They even had the pastry chef make a gluten free Chocolate Souffle which was presented very nicely. This was a big deal because my baby used to love souffles but hasn't had one since discovering her allergy a long time ago. . . Ok, on to the food... . Lobster- We don't eat beef or pork but I brought her to this steakhouse for the lobster with truffle sauce. It was every bit as good as it sounds. It is lightly roasted in the oven which gives a much nicer flavor than your typical steamed lobster. They cut it out of the shell and serve it table side, very neat! Truffle sauce was a tad sweet for me but she loved it.. . Jidori rotisserie chicken- wow, they presented the whole bird, which was impressively cooked to perfection, then they took it back to the kitchen to carve it up for me. Very cool indeed. The sauce is not gluten free but they let me know in advance so I did not accidentally poison my girlfriend by sharing it with her. The chicken was nicely brined. Brining makes such a big difference and causes the chicken to be verry juicy, even the breast! This brine was a little bit sweeter and less herby than the Thomas Keller Bouchon one. The chanterelle mushrooms had a nice Marsala flavor to them. . . Butternut Squash with crispy leeks- Delicious as it sounds, but it's a very rich and filling side dish. I think it also had pumpkin seeds and parsnips or something. Roasted just right, not too browned. It's gluten free. . . My gf also loved her Sauvignon Blanc and I couldn't handle anymore booze so I had a nice pot of mint tea. . . Pretzel and onion focaccia bread were crazy good but I wish they were served warm. Portions are huge, I was shocked to be served a whole chicken, lol! The food is very rich and they sure don't skimp on the butter. I don't eat beef, but there was some large T bone steak that people around us kept ordering, it smelled heavenly! I'm so glad I opted to come here instead of one of those stuffy French places where every dish is the size of a postage stamp and costs $40. When I like something, I want more, damn it!  So that concept does not appeal to me. I'm a petite girl but I eat a lot and I have no interest in spending $800 on my meal alone. You can bet your sweet ass I will be back here the next time I'm in town. You must try Cut, especially if you are celebrating something or you want to treat someone to a perfect dinner. After tip (tip extra because they work hard, take pride in their job and they deserve it), expect to spend around $100 per person, probably more if you are ordering bottles of wine or doing the Japanese steaks. The only thing that did not impress me was the corn fed beef on the menu. Um, hello...Food Inc.! Those beasts need their grass!
What is there to say about Cut that hasn't been said already? It's too, too good.  . . I love that this place has become part of our Thanksgiving tradition.  I don't care how good someone's grandma's turkey or stuffing is; for me, nothing can beat a little bit of Japanese A5 Wagyu beef! I do wish, however, that Puck would offer a little foie gras with it, but, I guess they say you can't have it all!. . The service at this place is always outstanding and the energy is great.  Our server, Jason, was especially friendly and quite knowledgeable about food (both in Vegas and in LA).. . Here's a friendly piece of advice: If you're returning to your hotel room around 4am or so and are famished, that little piece of leftover Wagyu and a few bites of the Mac n Cheese are the best snack ever invented! . . Can't wait to be back next year!!
I have been to CUT a few times now and also other steakhouses in LV ( Craftsteak, STK, Del Friscos, Gordon Ramsays, etc... ) and I will say that CUT earns 5 Stars above the others. . Appetizers  bone marrow is unbelievable but you have to like the texture and heaviness.  Pork Belly is the best I have had.. Wagyu - delicious. After Apps, 6oz is plenty.  So tender and flavourful.  I'm from Canada and I need to have my Wagyu fix when I come to LV.. Lobster - excellent but with a Wagyu, might be too much. Sides - best mashed/whipped potatoes EVER.  . Atmosphere - lively like LV.  If not why bother coming to LV. Wine List - what you expect from LV...over the top
Bone marrow. Crazy good! . We visited Cut for my Mom's 60th birthday. We had a wonderful time there. The food is amazing... However the most important thing is the service there. The staffs there were So professional and friendly. We sat there for 3+ hours and enjoyed everything about this place!. . Food: American Wagyu boneless ribeye. A little bit on the crewy side. They took out the big chunk of fat in it, so it felt more like a New York strip. How ever it is still good! . . USDA Prime bone-in ribeye: it's made to perfection. . . They offer 3 types of mustard to go with the steak. I love the wine based mustard.. . We had 3 appetizers, 2 steaks to share, 4 sides, and a desert. Very full afterwards. The tap came out to be $295 before tips for the 4 of us. Not bad at all.
Went for a going away/birthday dinner in a group of 5. This was hands down one of the best dining experiences any of us ever had. The steak cuts/drinks and side dishes are all fantastic. In addition our service was impeccable. I would recommend this place to any one wishing for a one of a kind experience. Please keep in mind you will pay for quality though this dinner won't come cheap, but is well worth it!
