This is only a review of the Flamingo CASINO:. . I've never stayed at the Flamingo before. But my boyfriend and I are huge fans of the movie "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" and thought it would be fun to walk in and see the casino with a few of our friends. We went in, and as expected, everything was PINK! We walked around looking for a blackjack table and found an empty table for $10 a hand. Our dealer's name was James and I think he might have been Filipino, but we had the best gambling experience here! James was awesome and so much fun and all 4 of us walked away with over $100 in winnings!. . Tips: our table dealt out of a card shoe, which in my opinion, makes the game of blackjack better when the dealer doesn't keep putting back the old cards into a shuffling machine. Instead, they play the entire show (6 decks) and when it is out, they hand shuffle all the cards and put them back in the shoe. Not only does this allow for an easier way to keep track of how many face cards and aces are dealt, but while the dealer is shuffling a new shoe, it allows for more time to be spent at the table with your friends and chatting with the dealer. The game we played was called Lucky Ladies which means that you also have a chance to bet a minimum of $1 that you'll get a total of 20 with your first 2 cards. Depending on how your cards are suited, you can win a few extra dollars that way too. It sounds like a stupid thing to bet on, but once you kind of get into it, it is a lot of fun to play! Drink service at this casino is also very good which helped all 4 of us have a good time while making money.. . 5 stars for our dealer James who made sure we had a good time and because we all won a lot of money!
Everytime my boyfriend and I go to Vegas, we make it a goal to stay in a new hotel each time. The flamingo was the very first hotel I stayed at when I went to Vegas for my very first time 3 years ago and now, each time we go, even though we're supposed to be staying at a new place I'm tempted to get rooms there again.. . When I made reservations for the Flamingo I was a little hesitant based on some of the reviews from yelp. Mainly people discussed, the long lines to check in, the cleanliness etc.. Let me tell you about my experience..... . We arrived at the Flamingo in the midst of summer (July) where it was at it's peak tourist time. We arrived about 4 hours early for check in but decided to take a chance at trying to check in anyways. The reviews were right, the line for check in was the longet I've ever seen, but in all fairness I heard a worker tell a walk-in tourist that their rooms were booked to capacity. When we arrived at the front of the line, the guy at the check-in counter informed us our room wasn't ready (not their fault we were 4 hours early). Here is where they score major points. Rather than making us come back and wait in line again, they gave us a room that was ready and just upgraded us to a room on the 17th floor with a view of the strip at no extra charge!. . Now for the rooms. Make absolute sure that you get one of their recently remodeled "GO Rooms." Very cool. Hot pink lights in the bathroom, a tv in the bathroom mirror, curtains that open with the flick of a light switch and the bed...oh my goodness this was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in in my entire life. If I had a way of smuggling it out in my suitcase, I probably would have. . . Another plus for the Flamingo, it's located in a really great area of the strip where it's close to walk to just about anything. Most people might get turned off by the fact that this is an older hotel, but it really makes you think of "the old vegas" and you practically expect to see the Rat Pack waltzing in throught the doors. LOVE IT!
A+ Location. A+ Pool area. A+ Price $35 mid-week. . What's not to like. . Nice distinct smell. . It's no Bellagio but it's cheap and you can use the money you saved to buy some beer or maybe a live flamingo :D
This isn't the Venetian or the Cosmo, but it is the best value on the Strip. It is right in the center of all the action and the rooms are actually quite nice and you don't have to pay an arm and a leg.. . Table minimums are descent, so the casino is always packed and not a stuffy crowed. This video will prove it. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KG7CzQk5MeM
This remains one of my all time favorite Harrah's Las Vegas properties.  This is considered "Not as nice"  as the others so we get free rooms here with our Total Rewards player card.  Thank you very much, becasue the pool whether one of the 3 all ages, or the 21 and over GO POOL.  The drinks here are FANTABOULOUS  try the Mai Tai no Grenadine, or ask the bartender for a suggestion.  Sometimes they have some deals too.  . The rooms are very decent, clean and do fine for sleeping, since that's the main thing you are in your room for.  Sure there isn't a club but the central location on the strip ensures you are where you want to be within a 5-20 min walk.  Or expenisve cab ride.  . I don't pay much attention to the casino games since I don't find them as fun as I did like 5 years back.. We will stay here for the 5th time this summer, and we are not the type of people to go somewhere over and over if we don't like it.   Reccomended for most everyone.
Great hotel! So clean and nice! Right next to everything on the strip.
Freakin unbelieveable value...why oh why do people spend $40 per night and expect the ritz? You people got your cake! Let me explain, as a first time vegas-er, I too read the reviews, I almost stayed at the other cheapo places that were (just a little further down the strip..) In vegas heat its like 3 miles away...trust me, this place is a walking only kinda place. You dont need to walk, if you can crawl back to your room after downing $1 margarita next door, you will be glad you stayed here. dennys breakfast, is close too. Room: Very clean, ask for a 'quiet' room, if you face the strip, you will not sleep, yes it vegas but at some point you need sleep.Very clean bathrooms, excellent maid service, excellent size, huge rooms, clean comfy, perfect!! I loved it here, everything worked well, the towels were plenty and beach/pool towels are by the pool :) Fill up your ice buckets from the ice machine in the corridoor and buy your own 6 pack of water at walgreens 5 mins walk away. Priceline had this for $35 bucks per night recently, thats insane!! This place has the best pool and jacuzzi. Weird but it closes at 6pm! Coffee places in the lobby, o'sheas 2 doors down have a foot long hotdog for $1 !! its good :) have a great time vegas people!! Stay here, its the best location and you will love it!!!!!!
The first time I stayed at The Flamingo me and my wife were still just dating. I had only been to Vegas once before and stayed at Bally's but she had been there about 4 times already. Since neither of us had stated at the Flamingo, and since we had a good deal on the rooms, and since it was right in the heart of the strip we decided to book it.. . We were not disappointed. Sure the rooms were a little outdated but we didn't spend much time sitting around our room. I do believe they are in the process of updating all their rooms to the Go Room style which will be nice..  We were out exploring and seeing all that Vegas had to offer. And that's were the Flamingo shines. Sitting in the center of the strip makes it easy to get wherever you want go, plus it has it's own monorail stop which was awesome. I don't think there is a better location.. . The grounds at the Flamingo are gorgeous. It's beautifully maintained with live flamingos and a pond with turtles and koi. Cute little Gazebos and two outdoor swimming pools. It's a nice place to take a morning walk and see the waterfalls and all the colorful flowers. . . The casino itself is cool because it's pretty open for the most part and you don't feel suffocated. There is no theme unless you count the color pink as a theme. The sportsbook is really just some seating and the counter/screens/big board. But really that's all I need while I'm there. I just usually put down a small bet then go about my day. I can't really sit still long enough to watch any sports so I just check the scores later.. . We didn't eat at the buffet but Tropical Breeze Cafe was ok,  Burger Joint was pretty good, and Margaritaville was really good. We also got room service which was good as well. Also the little coffee/sandwich/breakfast counter was good and we utilized that quite a few times. Also last but not least was the Sin City Brewery. It was a convenient place for me to grab a cold one before heading out or heading back to the room.. . The second time we stayed at the Flamingo was after we had decided to get married in LV. We checked out packages for all the hotels in our price range and ended up going with the Flamingo because of our previous experience and the beauty of the grounds. We had several family members and friends stay there too and everyone seemed to enjoy their stay.. . The planning of the wedding couldn't have been simpler. We chose a package (I dream flamingos) and made a few choices and our flamingo wedding planner took care of the rest. Neither my wife or myself really wanted anything to do with a big wedding or picking out center pieces and that sort of stuff so it was perfect for us. . . Our wedding package was supposed to include an outdoor Gazebo ceremony but it literally started storming 10 minutes before our time and only lasted about 15 minutes. But we moved inside to stay dry and had the ceremony in a small chapel. It worked out great and apparently it's good luck to have rain on your wedding day in the desert.. . The man who performed the ceremony was great. We asked for a non religious wedding and what he said was very sweet without being corny. He kept us loose and laughing and it was over pretty quickly without seeming rushed. The piano player was good too and performed the songs we picked out beautifully. . . Right afterwards we went out with the photographer they provided. We had purchased an extra hour with the photographer to make sure we would get enough pictures. We really happy we did because we got some really cool shots around the grounds. It really seemed like the perfect amount of time. We were also able to look at and pick out our pictures the next morning right at the Flamingo.. . For the reception dinner we booked a party of about 25 at Margaritaville. It was an awesome dinner and I will review that separately. But everything (except the weather) worked out perfectly. We couldn't have been happier. I would easily recommend the Flamingo to anyone going to LV. The price, location, and service were all top notch. I know part of the fun of going to Vegas is staying at the different hotels, and I'm sure I will, but I will certainly stay at Flamingo again.
I just had my second stay at the flamingo and it was awesome.  We were doing a 7 night trip and decided to spend 4 nights at the flamingo so we could tackle mid and north strip areas those nights and 3 nights at excalibur to tackle the south strip those nights.  The last time I stayed at flamingo we had a standard room with an awesome view and it was not a dissapointment.  That was two years ago and we had not been back yet.  With so many poor reviews we felt we hit the jackpot and should leave it at that.  But with it being summer time and wanting to split the time between two sides of the strip my love for the flamingos pool left me coming back to them.  So I booked a go room this time figuring we were checking in Saturday evening they would have given any decent standard rooms away by that point and I didn't want to end up with one of the worn down ones.  So we arrive at about 8 pm to my surprise absolutely no line at all to check in at all.  I was already feeling lucky at that point.  So when we go to check in the guy is looking us up and tells me that you've been upgraded.  I figured how does that work when I already booked a go room so I asked. He told me that we were put in the room that is up from that and that it is an amazing room ten times better than a go room, and how they only give that room away for one night, and how lucky I was to get it for 4 nights.  I figure ok he's just milking it now, and it can't be anything too special.  So we go up and actually pass by the room looking for the number and then say where is the room.  We go back and notice the number is on two doors that look seriously like where the laundry carts would go through.  We braced ourselves and opened up the doors to the sickest two bedroom suite I have ever had.  It was a go room in the bedroom and then a living room with another bathroom, couch, 50 inch plasma, dining area, etc.  It was ridiculous.  I was so psyched.  Needless to say it was awesome.  It was so nice to have basic things you're not used to in a vegas room like a empty fridge, coffee maker, but loved having the extra room and extra bathroom.  . . Everything else about the flamingo was standard as always.  Tight slots as everywhere else, and a fantastic pool.  Although it has changed to where the smaller pool is for familites or anyone else and the big pool area is the new go pool and is for adults only.  It was a great stay there the service was terrific and the suite will always be held up to the highest of standards.
I stayed at the Flamingo this past weekend. I don't understand why this place has so many bad reviews. Honestly, if people want Bellagio style rooms, service, ambiance...then cross the street and go to the Bellagio. Also, take the extra money you'll need for all of the extras. . . When I booked at the Flamingo I knew what I was getting...an older hotel, with really good prices, and a fantastic location. . . I have no complaints whatsoever about the Flamingo. . . It took me 10-15 minutes to check in, the staff (all of them which I ran into) was friendly and very helpful. The casino is a little older, and it smells like cigarettes but it's not unbearable. . . Free parking is always nice. . . The room itself was decent. It was clean, it wasn't smelly, it wasn't falling apart inside. It had a bed, lamps, chairs, tables, a couch, and a TV. I wasn't planning on being in the room too often anyway. The pool was cool also. . . I will say that the first time you walk out to the habitat portion of the hotel it does smell odd BUT you get used to it. . . Most importantly, the LOCATION is what did it for me. You can not beat being in the heart of Vegas. I walked everywhere and the I went to the Bellagio for their nightclubs. I loved the location. . . I'd recommend it for people who know that being in the room is not as important as having an amazing location in the center of the strip (where getting to your room is easy especially after a night of heavy drinking). The rooms are good, acceptable, clean. The staff is friendly. The parking is free. The pool is clean and fun. It's not Cesar's palace, the Bellagio or the Cosmopolitan...but they're basically across the street...go explore them while you save money by staying at the Flamingo.
I stayed at the fabulous Flamingo August 2011 and was so pleased with the overall exprience. The whole hotel smells like vanilla. I don't know why, but it's wonderful. We opted for the traditional room rather than the coveted "GO" room. When I first walked in I was pleasently surprised! The room was big, clean and was semi-updated. The view of the Bellagio fountains was a great plus as well!. . The casino is traditonal Las Vegas, just how I had pictured it. It was actually my favorite casino on the whole strip. Some of the newer ones are nice, however when going to Vegas I think one needs to have pink neon and gold accents on everything in sight.. . Can't wait to return!
I love this hotel. I was standing in line and was unable to figure out how to efficiently check into the hotel. Their was a tall gentleman by the name of Rob that assisted me. Rob did a fantastic job in helping me check in. I love this hotel and the service here was great. Also, the room we stayed in was amazing
Could go on and on about this hotel about what a great weekend I had here. I  was completely suprised about my stay here on Halloween weekend!! . . At first I was skeptical about staying here only because it's an older hotel/casino! But I was looking for something affordable that my boyfriend and I could stay at, knowing that we wouldn't be in the room that much! . . I was extremely satisfied with the room!!! It was not bad at all, clean, spacious and a view of the pool! Thetv wasn't updated, but  MGMs wasn't either only the new rooms which is fine with me, we weren't there to watch tv. I had got a non-smoking room and it didn't reak of smoke at all !!! Which was great! (I have stayed in a no smoking room before somewhere else and wreaked of smoke!) we found a shortcut to our room going outside vs going through the casino! . . Everything was soooo convienent! And I have never had such great service in my life anywhere! That is why they deserve 5 stars... It may not be as luxorious as the other hotels and casinos on the strip! But my boyfriend and I were treated as first class! . . My boyfriend and I wanted a quick bite to eat so we decided to eat inside the casino. Both craving the burger place we saw coming in To check in. So we had asked a man who worked there where it was located instead of just telling us he said "why don't I take you there myself" and was so sweet and helpful! Walked us the whole way! Was not expecting that! The food was good and low priced!! Service was great too. Also check in was extremely easy and the staff was very friendly with all the questions I had! Everytime I asked someone who worked there where something was or a question not once did any staff seem annoyed!! Which I'm sure they get the same questions all the time!!!. . The best part about this hotel I would have too was also the location!!! Smack in the middle!!!! So convenient right across from caesars!! I am so glad I had such a great experience here. Especially for the amount I paid on the room! Which I think they have there best rates on there website! I looked on so many different websites and they had the best deals! I even called to ask about my room and the telephone service was great too! . . I am so happy that I stayed here! I would deffinately reccomend this hotel to anyone who is visiting Vegas. Especially on a budget!! I had such a wonderful experience here. They deserved a great review on here and hope that everyone who stays here has a great time like we did! Thank you flamingo!
I stayed at the Flamingo from Sat-Monday last weekend, 2 beds in the Go room. I paid $90 the first night and $30 the second with my players card.. . The GO ROOMS are the only way to GO! Way worth the extra $15 a night if they offer it. The Flamingo has restaurants that are affordable, never had to wait for a cab, check in was easy, casino is awesome, I love love love this place. . . Call me crazy but I would rather stay here than the Wynn!!!!!!
The best hotel I have stayed in so far!  The service from the front desk to the maids were great.. In our current stay in Vegas, we stayed in three different hotels, and we never had any trouble or problems with this hotel.. After we checked in, we found that the room had a great view of the strip.. We have not tried the restaurants in this hotel, but the gambling was not too bad.  . Same old slots, the card tables seem filled every morning and night.. We never had trouble with the maids here.. Every day we found our rooms nice and tidy!. The room we stayed in was spacious, comfortable, and had a nice bathroom filled with a large tub, and separate shower.. I think that if I were to ever stay on the strip again, I will consider staying at this hotel.
Stayed here a couple times, loved the pool, loved the SELF CHECK IN.  Try finding that in Vegas, people stand in line in for over 30 minutes, but you can easily walk over to the self check in and get your room with no fees.  Did I mention no hotel fees $15 per night... Not at Flamingo.  Ohh and its located right next to the monorail, so if you don't want to walk the long strip or are a great and got heels, stay here.  You are also in the middle of the strip.
This hotel was ridiculously awesome when I stayed for EDC last year. The best room to get is the deluxe GO room. Fortunately, our room had a clear view of the Belagio water show so that was awesome to watch when we were ending our fun filled nights. . As for the room I couldn't have asked for a more dope set-up. 2 massive beds with a full on Bose sound system that had an Ipod deck. That alone made our room the party room for all our friends. Best of all we didn't get any noise complaints! It was also pretty sweet that we had a tv built in the bathroom mirror. Dopest most affordable hotel in the middleof the strip where things get poppin!
Okay...I am giving this place 5 stars.  Not because it is the biggest and best hotel I have ever stayed at, but because the sheer number of things that you have to do. There is much construction going on right now, so I am expecting this place to get bigger and better as time goes on.  I also like that they have not fallen into the resort fees none sense that everyone else is doing.   I truly wish they had free wifi!  The hotel is really a high 4 rating, because of minor things that could be coming in the future, but I am comfortable giving it a 5.. . Let me start off by saying that I did not get a chance to do everything that is in this place.  I really do not have the time or resources to splurge to that level!  If you are not a member, sign up for the FREE PROGRAM of total rewards, or something of that nature.  You get so many discounts just for being in the program, plus you have your own line waiting on you to check in.  You start off as a Gold member, but as you progress, you get more perks, of course.  The card is used at many hotels and casinos. . . I must have stayed in a King Go-Room because my room was awesome.  Nice lounge chair thingy in the room.  Ultra comfortable king bed with nice comforter on it.  The air condition works heavenly.  Nice sized television with dvd player and external stereo system.  Spacious.  Standing showing and detached tub.  Nicely designed sink.  Television in the bathroom, behind the mirror.  This room had everything you needed, except a microwave!  . . Outside the room, you are going to have many types of alcohol and ways to gamble...being that it is Vegas, that is a given.  I did like that this hotel had some great main acts just an elevator ride away from your room, inside the establishment.  They even gave away many types of show tickets, via a DJ, at the pool!  The pool area is really nice with a huge swimming pool with waterfalls and a slide that was not in operation yet.. . There is a quality buffet, that was kind of pricey, but with your total rewards card, you get a discount on that as well.  There was always a huge variety of items to choose from, but given that I am from New Orleans, no foods were spiced as if you were in New Orleans!  Take that aside from the food experience, some things were seasoned well enough to get a couple of smiles out of me.  The tell the chef what type of pasta you want option was cool, just like the build your omelet option for breakfast.  The dessert menu was pretty decently sized with two types of ice cream cones to go, as well as cotton candy to go.  Fondue pots and a build your own fresh crepe option was a nice touch.. . It is called the Flamingo hotel because you actually do have flamingos and other birds on the property.  You can see them while dining at the buffet.  If you go outside, on your way to the pool even, you can see them a lot closer.  Huge fish and turtles are found throughout the waters with the many types of different birds and waterfalls.. . I can go on and on about this hotel and the excellent set up, but I leave you with this, plenty of high quality shows, drinks, food options and fun in this hotel.  There is even a special place for your dog to do his business!  Check it out for yourself and see for yourself.
I just stayed here for four nights for a blogger meetup (what up BiSC!), and we all had an amazing time in large part due to the incredible staff over at the flamingo. . . NOTE: if you read none of this review, just remember this one thing: there are pulled pork nachos over sweet potato fries available twenty four hours a day in, i think, the topical breeze cafe. that is what i call foresight, people. . . our GO rooms were incredibly hot (i did stay in one of the other rooms on wednesday night and i definitely recommend the GO rooms instead). the curtains have little switches next to the bed to motorize them, so you can fall asleep looking at the view, but when the sun pierces your brain at 8 am, you can shut the curtains without getting up. also, foresight. . . tv in the bathroom mirror, super hot shower (sad that i only discovered the jets on the last day but THERE ARE JETS), separate bath. . . we had a pool day with a section of daybeds, sweet bartenders (who mix a damn fine drink), and, well, yes. NOTE: if you get there before 11 AM there is a breakfast burrito to be had. . . overall, incredible. so happy with everything :)
This review is for their pool... . It's beautiful with free towel service, great music and cute flamingos.
I love this hotel. Pink everywhere!!!!. . The Go Rooms with a view are the best. The lighting in the bathrooms is fun, the shower is to die for, and the view of the Bellagio fountains is breathtaking. The rooms can be a bit pricey but they are so worth it.. . FAB rooms are ok...they're cute. Slippery floors, outdated bathrooms, comfy beds, decent view of Caesar's. Love the old Vegas pictures on the wall.. . Deluxe rooms are crap. Nothing else to say about that.. . As far as location on the strip goes, you can't get any better. Smack dab in the middle of everything.. . Customer service at the front desk is very hit and miss. I can only imagine that dealing with obnoxious drunk people is a little difficult ;-) . . The pool is ok. A lot of people think it is one of the best pools. I tend to lean towards MGM Grand's pool complex...much,much better.. . I am a big fan of the casino. More pink!!!! And always full of entertainment.. . The buffet is ok. Not the best food but the views of the waterfall and flamingos make it worthwhile to go at least once.
Flamingo Las Vegas Hotel and Casino stay between May 24-28:. . Thank you Flamingo staff and my personal VIP total experiences group host, Sheri Schreiber -Total Experiences/VIP Manager 3570 Las Vegas Blvd. South; Las Vegas, NV 89109 - Direct 702.731.7451 | Office 702.731.7238. sschreiber@caesarspalace.com | Fax 702.888.1835 . . Now to details. Over arguably the busiest weekend of the year, nothing was missed. I had more than 10 rooms assigned to my birthday party. Every request and detail was fulfilled. I needed some people to be in adjoining rooms and others I just wanted on my floor. It worked well. . . I am so pleased with how well everything worked out. Seriously, if I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't change a thing.  Sheri was really comforting, understanding and resourceful.  She was challenged by the fact that I knew the landscape of Vegas more than most tourists - but she still was willing to go the extra mile in any and every circumstance. . . Hotel Room:  All of the resort rooms have now been updated to Fab rooms. They have hardwood floors and I believe the bathrooms have not been updated, but seriously it's a bathroom - if you spend too much time in here - you are doing the wrong things in Vegas. The bed was comfy and the AC worked well. I was very pleased given that I stayed here like 5 years ago for a wedding and I wasn't happy. This time I am so happy to see the improvements they've made. . . Pool: What can I say about the pool which hasn't already been said?  It is just fun and you will have a great time.  I like the fact that you can have a spot to party your a$$ off and you can also find a place to lay low and relax. . . Food:  We didn't eat inside Flamingo so we can't comment on this. In the past, we have enjoyed food at Margaritaville. You won't go wrong there for food or a party environment or both. . . Gambling: The tables are the standard going rates for middle of the strip.. . Valet/self-parking:  This is a super busy weekend, but I was very disappointed how many times the valet was full unless you are a seven-star member (gambling/entertainment card through Harrah's) . . I will do this again in a heartbeat.  Don't read the older reviews - read this one and know it is completely accurate. This hotel has learned from the past and they have invested a good amount of money to make it better. . . Lastly, they were smart to use self-checking kiosks because the lines at times were extremely long - just a tip if you want to bypass the regular check in line. . . Have a great time and be sure if you have a group event - reach out to Sheri - thanks again!
The pool is wetter than you could ever imagine...
I stayed at the Flamingo this past weekend  (June 22nd-24th) and we had such a great time! it was a quick stay only two nights:. . The room:. We stayed in a standard room, it was on the 20th floor. We had a great view of the pool and loved the HUGE open windows looking out into the pool area. There was a flat screen TV, a large king sized bed with this awesome fur throw on the bottom of the bed, and hardwood floors! I was VERY Impressed. Last time I had stayed at the Stratosphere & this was such an upgrade.. . The location:. Perfect location right in the middle of the strip. Right by the Venetian (also saw blue man group while we were there, I would def recommend that show) and across the street from Serendipity.. . The pool:. Got to visit the 21+ pool on both friday & saturday.Friday after the sun had gone down the pool was a little messyw ith beer bottles but nonetheless was fun! it's a great PARTY environment. Not a good place if you just want to relax, but if you want to have fun you will enjoy it. There is this amazing cave with a water fall you can swim under. Saturday it was very crowded but everyone was very nice and it was a fun environment. The drinks are expensive (but it's vegas- what do you expect?) and you cannot bring outside drinks into the hotel. . Checkin:. Checkin was easy , but that could be because of the time we got there.  Checkout was easier we just left our keys in the room & left to the airport.. . The food in the hotel was alright. We had johnnyrockets & the pizza place downstairs by the elevators. Nothing to complain about.. . Overall a FUN PARTY environment for people who want to let lose and enjoy a good hotel for a great price.
Overall, Flamingo isn't really a 5-star property in the true sense of the word.  It's not Bellagio, Wynn or any of those...but it doesn't pretend to be.  For what you get, you can't beat the Flamingo.  First, convenience.  The location - right in the middle of the Strip, with easy access to cross the street to Bellagio or Caesar's Palace.  To make things even better, there is a Monorail station located in the back of the hotel, which saved us alot of walking time.  They've definitely been working on upgrading the place too , as the elevators, hallways and our room were all modern and quite nice.  We stayed in the GO Room with a view of the Bellagio fountains.  This room was more affordable than many hotels right here in my small town in upstate New York!  And you really can't beat a bathroom with a TV built into the mirror.  All employees we encountered were very friendly.  My only complaint about this place would be the long wait to check in - the other reviewers are right on about that.  We waited for a good half hour in line when we arrived.  Checking out was a breeze at least.  Based on convenience and affordability, this hotel is a great choice - I will absolutely return.
Let me start off by saying that I've been coming to Vegas for 20 plus years. I've stayed in many hotels and I've had horrible experiences in most of them... This time I   reluctantly decided to stay at the Flamingo. It's the oldest hotel in the area so it CAN'T be as "good" as the others, right? Wrong. By far the best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. Where Trump had wonderful rooms but no casino, Flamingo came in with a wonderful room AND a Casino. Where Treasure Island had horrible service and crappy rooms, Flamingo came in with wonderful customer service and a wonderful room. My room was clean, comfortable and neat. Every person working there greeted me with a smile. And the biggest plus of all? The Flamingo let me bring my dog and let me walk her anywhere except for the casino and pool area. Plus, plus, and PLUS. From now on every time I visit Vegas I will only stay at The Flamingo. Screw the rest of these modernized barf hotels. Stay where the REAL Las Vegas history remains....  Thank you Flamingo ........and Margaritaville (for the massive hangover)... ;)
I absolutely loved this hotel.  I was sketchy at first because its old but from the reviews I decided to stay.. . PRO's-Casino was huge, pool was awesome, kind of packed, drinks were very cheap at the pool, and the hotel bars, good selection of restaurants, gym was very good for having to pay $10 to use it, it was actually worth it. Free wifi, checkin was fast, employees were pleasant.  The rooms were by far the best in vegas.  Curtains are electronic, tv in bathroom, glass tinting sliding doors to the bathroom with shower, and sep tub with jets. i like the fact i can take a crap and watch tv.  beds were comfy, couch was comfy, robes were luxurious, extra pillows and blankers, french door closets, tv was a 42 inch HD with dvd player, and surround sound, never seen that in any hotel in vegas. fridge, nice art-deco white furniture, very white and pink, clean hallways and clean hotel. very impressive for a old renovated hotel.. . CON's-Valet was terrible.  took forever to get my car, parking garage was a crap hole.
Sure, this place is not Bellagio or The Wynn but for young 20 and 30 somethings who want to party and have fun on a budget, this is the place for you.. . Great pool area that is 21+  only.. . Cheapest rooms have comfortable beds. Go Rooms ( 20-30 $ more a night) are really cool with upgraded features.. . Cheap food court, Cafe, Buffet, Steakhouse, Margaritaville. . . Highly recommended for people who want to party and not spend an arm and a leg on a hotel room.
nice clean relaxing rooms, had a view of the strip both times i stayed, and im a local ;) nice central part of the strip to stay at for the surrounding casinos (Planet HollyWood, Paris, Ceasars) also enjoyed the pink decor. one of the cheaper--NICER places to stay when youre in town.
Now we are talkin' Las Vegas Classic. The Flamingo was built by infamous gangster Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel. It was the first 'European style hotel on The Las Vegas Strip (meaning it did not have the ubiquitous sawdust on the floor of the traditional Gamblin' Halls of Las Vegas at the time.) Siegel designed the pool to always be in the sun, a very cool feature. It also was the first to feature A List entertainment, evening gowns and tuxedos. All of that is all but gone, they do, however, have real Flamingos. It is worth it to stop in and breath in the faint trace of yesteryear. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
We really had a good week here recently! We arrived in town early on a Sunday, checked in (surprisingly short line!), but rooms were not ready yet as they had had a busy weekend. No problem, we checked our luggage and went to get something to eat. We checked back in at the desk and were given our rooms (we always upgrade to GO Rooms), and shortly after that our luggage was brought up to us! The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our rooms were very nice, cleaned daily and always while we were out. I loved our view, best we've ever had in countless trips to Vegas. The bed was very comfy. We even had a fridge in our room! There are plenty of elevators in this hotel and you can use different ones to get quicker access to different parts of the hotel/casino. We loved meeting for breakfast on the patio in the gardens where we would sit with a muffin and coffee and plan our day. The pool was nice too. We did not get a car due to traveling with a group this time so it was nice to be so centrally located with access to everything we wanted to do. We tried the new Carlos N Charlies' restaurant and it was good. We also like the food court, very handy with plenty of options. Our only complaint was with the restaurant, while the food & service were pretty good the problem was when it was time to leave we had to wait in a long line to pay our bill! They could have used a few more staff people to expedite this process.
We ended up here b/c it was cheapish and on the strip and we were happily surprised.  The rooms have had an upgrade and are fairly "hip" and the regular restaurant was great.  Really good burger.  Forgot what the BR had but it was also good(cheesesteak?  Extra bacon blt?)  I'd eat there again and I'd stay there again.  I also liked that it was a super easy walk to the other casinos and that they had a good poker room.  Won a bit at Pai gow and at craps, so that never hurts.  I"d stay there again in a heartbeat..
Awesome.. . So we get in, and as a hot tip, the check in kiosks suck. There was a reason we had to stand in line for like ten minutes behind smelly skanky girls to get into our room.. . But when we got in, damn. It was awesome.. . So the girl at the front was the sweetest lady ever. I don't remember her name, but she's from Torrance and she's awesome. She hooked it up with a free upgrade and let me tell you, it was freaking awesome.. . So our room was on the 22nd floor and was gigantic (like, my apartment is tiny so this was amazing gigantic). There were floor to celing windows that overlooked ceasars, the bellagio, and had a perfect view of the bellagios fountain show. It was way too awesome. We had a few couches, a gigantic flat screen, and there was a tv screen inside the bathroom mirror (which is how I found out Friends is on Nick at Nite- jeez I feel old). . . To top it all off, the curtains were controlled by a switch next to the bed. As in, when you flip a switch the curtains open and shut. Freaking baller. . . We booked through i4vegas, and the prices were really great.. . Overall, I had a fantastic time, I loved the habitat that they have, I love margaritaville, and I loved my time at the Flamingo. Thanks again!
I love the Flamingo, and I'll tell you why.  The location is GREAT.  The parking is plentiful.  The casino/hotel is not so large that you get lost (like MGM).  The remodeled GO rooms are SO CUTE and SO affordable!  It's a classy hotel with a history.  The grounds are very interesting, with tons of beautiful things to see.  The best part, in my opinion, of this hotel is the PRICE.  I got the most trendy, updated room for $45 a night.  Yes, you can find cheaper rooms, but this is one of the best deals in Vegas for the price.
Had a wonderful time at the Flamingo! Cant wait to come back again! I would recommend getting a GO room! They are the nicer room! Pay the extra money, it is worth it trust me!! We checked in around 3pm and the line was really long. One person seemed to be doing most of the check ins and was vey fast. That was the person we got thankfully since some of the other people at the desk seemed to be taking a long time.  Marissa at the front desk was very helpful. She gave us an awesome room and lots of coupons. She even gave us a map of the strip which came in really handy. She also told us to sign up for the rewards card which helped saved us money! That is a good tip! Make sure you sign up for the rewards card you will get discounts at all the restaurants inside the Flamingo. Check out was easy, even used some of our rewards points towards the bill. The steakhouse inside was amazing! Definitely worth the price! We will be back!. The casino at Margaritaville was a lot of fun! It is very smokey but still a lot of fun! The waitress Brandy was very good at bringing us drinks as soon as we finished our other ones! Never had an empty cup! It was a great time!
Great room rates and service. Great location too. We love this place!
I stayed here on my first trip to Vegas. We got great rooms. We got a free upgrade to suites facing the strip and that was just awesome. The rooms were really big and since this place is in the strip its close to every place you want to go around here. the bathrooms were big and everything was very clean and smelled so good. . . the only thing that bothered me here was the amount of pink color they use in their themes everywhere. lol. . They have a casino, restaurants, food court huge parking lots which possible everything you would want when you go to the strip!
for the cheap price of 67$ per night for 2 nights you really can't beat it...i mean who cares if i'm looking at a half done construction down below or my bed isn't that soft or what not... . room service was friendly....we couldn't find the tag that slips into the door to notify them not to disturb us so they came in and was friendly enough to apologize and come back later..i know its our fault...:P. . they cleaned up so well after us...when there's 5guys living in a 2 queen size bed room..yeah its gonna get messy especially since most of us were tanked the night before.... . my friend Luke L had a lot of good luck playing the slot machines especially the napoleon and josephine one..he hit the jackpot on that.... overall..nothing i can complain about since it is vegas...food is always going to be more expensive that's why 50$ buffets exist lol
Let me start off by saying I usually don't write reviews, I just read them. But I felt  the need to write this because I had a different opinion as to what I had read. I visited the flamingo on 4/19/12 untill 4/24/12 . I must admit the check in line was very long. And they only two people working the desk . But then I saw a line that said for reward members only so I went to that line and only had a five minute wait . There's a desk right there that lets you sign right up for a rewards card take about two minutes then you can use the rewards only line. I was given a new fab room which was a regular room with a few new pieces in it but was fine with me because the room was comp. Free and free is always good . With this said I will be returning to the Flamingo again this year
LAS VEGAS - NOVEMBER 2011 PART III. . "Trip Paid Off". . When I was at Las Vegas for three nights I went here for my last night. Did I sleep here? No. Did I eat here? No. So why the 5-star rating? On my last night at Las Vegas I came here with the remaining $40 left to gamble. I played the $0.25 multi-line slot machine and won $700, which paid off my Spirit Airlines airfare and Caesars Palace accomodation. I was one of the lucky few to hit it big at Las Vegas.
DRUMROLL, PLEASE.... AND FOR MY 500TH REVIEW, ....I PICK  FLAMINGO!! . . I don't need a lot out of a hotel. I don't go places to sit in a room and I think we only turned our TV on once this trip. So fancy TVs don't impress me and I don't need much more than a comfy, clean bed. Our room had no fridge, no coffee maker, no plasma TV, but it certainly was clean! Perfect!. . I was super excited when we checked in on a Saturday afternoon.  We had valeted our car for free and the neither the valet nor check-in lines were very long. Crossing through the casino to get to the room elevators, we could see the garden area outside. Couldn't wait to check this place out!  I've been to LV a million times but never stayed here. Now, I don't know that I'd ever stay anywhere else.. . The walk to our room from the elevator was pretty far. Surprisingly far, but walking is good for us and so I wasn't complaining.  Our room was on the 10th floor and had one lamp with a lightbulb out, a faulty shower with a slippery floor and a broken ice machine on that level. It had pink and black decorations and a very clean wood-like floor. I hate gross carpets so this caught my eye first. One night of sleep and we agreed the bed was comfy but the pillows were not. Bummer - I love lots of fluffy pillows.. . The second day we stopped at customer service and asked for a room closer to the elevator. Lots of people had checked out (since it was Sunday). The lady at the counter hooked us up with a similar room but on the 21st floor, very close to the elevator and with a working ice machine outside. Everything about the room was great and it was very clean.. . Good experiences with valet all week. Great experiences with the staff.  Even the cashiers were extra friendly; drink service was fast; and bartenders had heavy pours. Bugsy's Bar is one of our favorites. . . We sat at the pool in the mornings. The GO pool (21 and up) wasn't open yet but will be in a couple of weeks, so it was important to get there early to get a lounge chair in the sun. This was not a problem. I had been getting up early every day. There was a bar at the pool, and you could not bring your own drinks in here. They ID'ed and checked for alcohol. I did notice a couple flasks around though.. . One of the best features of Flamingo is the location. It's on the strip and centrally located. It's not one of the newest hotels but has undergone nice rennovations. We walked lots of places, even though we had a rental car. The watershow at the Fountains of Bellagio are just across the street. Quad is recently rennovated and closeby and Bills is presently undergoing construction. Paris is near, but we really liked the open-ness of the casino rooms at Flamingo best. We went next door to Margaritaville a couple times, since they're connected by a fun bar and some machines we bet pennies on.. . The outside area had waterfalls and fountains, big sitting rocks and wildlife that included turtles, fish, and real flamingos. It was all fantastic. There aren't many stores inside, but there are a few for shopping (even one just for adults with some fun stuff!) and only a few restaurants (I recommend dessert from the steakhouse). The Pizza Joint stayed open till 2am, but we were in bed before that every night. . . You have to pay for the fitness center, but 30 flights of stairs are available for free. Save your money and run on the strip for free. Make sure to do it early because it sure gets HOT in Vegas. Spend that saved money on a show. The X Burlesque show was in the Flamingo and very, very sexy. Make sure to search for cheaper tickets online, and ask for discounts at the Players Club desk. The Total Rewards card you get will save you money in restaurants at other casinos, as well as the Flamingo. We also received free tickets to comedy shows and the Auto Collection showcase from the Players desk.. . Spent a wonderful 5 days there and I already can't wait for the next stay here. Couldn't have asked for a better room for less than $100 a night! (A lot less with the deal we found!)
Long line to check in at 4pm but they have a self service Kiosk, made check in much faster, I was done in about 5 minutes and the other line had hardly moved, and there was a friendly helped at the self service Kiosk helping anyone with problems, he directed us to the elevators to use and pointed us in the right direction. Elevators looked pretty worn but they got us to the 27th floor ok. Go down the hall looking for our room and see the maids cart, yes you guessed it room is not ready yet.....Ahhhhh..... So we push her cart out of the way so we can drop or stuff in the room and get some dinner, maid is nowhere to be seen..."Hello, we are just going to drop our luggage off", no answer, I try again, this time she answers, she was cleaning the bathroom , about this time we start looking around the room and figure out that it's a bit larger than your average hotel room. Heck, this room was almost as big as my whole house, yes my house, your could fit 4 normal rooms inside this one suite, 1 Bedroom with a king size bed and room to spare, 2 bathrooms one with a two person tub, a wet bar, and a living room, with a view of Caesar's Palace and the Strip, the living room alone was almost 1100 sq feet, add another 600 sq feet for the bedroom, bathrooms and bar and you have a sweet room.. Wife wanted to know what I paid for the room, $54.00 + tax, I guess it was just the luck of the draw and no one wanting to pony up the money for the room so they filled it with a lucky winner from the self service Kiosk line or who knows how, all that matters it that it was mine for a night, kind of sad that I didn't book it for the week. But then I would have gotten a small room...... So -1 Star for the room not being ready when we check in, -1 for the old elevators, -5 for the people trying to sell timeshares in the Casino and + 10 for a killer room at a killer price.. But in all seriousness, the hotel is older and the elevators are showing their age but for the most part it was a very nice stay and the room was way above our expectations for the price we paid, yes the room was showing its age but nothing out of the ordinary and the staff was great so There is no way I can give the Flamingo anything less than 5 stars for this stay.
I recently stayed here for the 2nd time last week for my 30th birthday celebration. We arrived at the hotel on a Friday morning around 10am. Damon, the front desk clerk that took care of us, took care of us. He was extremely nice and professional. Once we mentioned it was my birthday, he upgraded us to a strip view room and also didn't charge us for an early check-in. Great way to start a fun-filled weekend.. . Once we got into our room, everything was gravy from there. They do charge $5 for a wine opener, but its classic Flamingo and its a good take home item. Ha. . The liquor store in the lobby is like your own personal grocer. The ladies will remember you and always keep tabs on your wins/losses. . . Bugsy's Bar on the main floor is the place to be Saturday night about 4am. It goes down, everything from drunk golfers to strippers getting yelled at. Quite the seen.. . I stayed here, I played here, I won here. Enough Said on the gambling aspect.. . Had a blast, will stay here again, and again.. . Viva La Flamingo.
My wife and I live in Vegas and we have to say this hotel is one of the most beautiful one we have spend time in and great service they don't have a lot restaurants but the Carlos and Charlie's is a great place to stop by and have a great time
We came here to hang out prior to the Legends show and sat at the bar to play video poker. All of the dealers and casino workers were friendly. We played three card and also enjoyed the chance wheel. The flamingo casino is a great place to gamble, dine, and shop.
My Review is actually based on the Diamond Lounge AT the Flamingo Las Vegas... always our favorite place to hang on our visits especially if Gwen is working.. She is the BEST hostess EVER.. always remembers us even tho we only visit every 3-4 mos... Thank you Gwen, for always making us feel special..   ALSO a big PAT on the back for Tony... he ROCKED on our last visit :) Keep those Lemon Drops coming!!
My husband and I got married on May 17, 2013 at the Garden Gazebo at the Flamingo Hotel. We booked the gazebo in February, and it was absolutely the easiest thing. Over the next few months, we emailed frequently with our original coordinator, later replaced by the fabulous Kris LaBuda, and picked the music, flowers, processional order, etc.  I believe we chose the Lavender package originally, but we added quite a bit of extra photography time, which I highly recommend.  Just make sure you warn any skittish guests that the gazebo is right next to the party pool, and even though they will turn down the music a bit, you will still be able to hear hooting and hollering, and the latest obnoxious radio hits. It didn't bother me a bit, but some older guests were worried. . . Everything was absolutely awesome! Kris answered by hundreds of very detailed questions, and even without a rehearsal, the ceremony went perfectly. Our officiant, Vegas Von, was fabulous and hilarious, and the ceremony was about 10 minutes, which is exactly what we wanted, since at 4 pm in May, half of our 75 guests were in the sun.. . The flowers for my bridal bouquet and my six bridesmaids were gorgeous. . . The photographer, Danelle Freitas from Imagine Studios, was beyond amazing. She showed up to the bridal suite right on time to get pictures of me getting ready, the dress and accessories, and the lovely bridesmaids. Danelle jumped right in and was absolutely wonderful in capturing the "dress reveal" with first my family, and then my wonderful husband-to-be.  Please, please see each other before the wedding, people, and get the photos out of the way! Danelle hiked us around the Flamingo hotel capturing some awesome shots, and even though my feet were not very pleased, the pictures are incredible.  Pay for the cd with the photo rights to all your shots, since the prints are expensive and really, nobody wants formal prints, and it's $35 for full rights to each individual image. The only things I would have changed about the entire shindig would be to wear really really comfortable shoes (nobody can see them!) and to maybe add an hour or two of photography time so Danelle could have come with us to our reception at Margaritaville.
I stayed at the Flamingo last week for my first vacation in 6 years!!! Holy overdue! Anyway, I had picked the Flamingo because of itsvicinity to so many other strip attractions and yet rooms are so much less than surrounding hotels, minus Ballys and the Quad. I had been planning this trip for over 6 months and am not going to lie, some of the reviews here had me super worried....thankfully that was not the case and I have nothing but good things to say about my stay!. . We arrived at 11am on a Friday...check in isn't until 4pm unless you want to pay a fee. I had already joined their Total Rewards program at home and printed our temp cards so we went to get the real cards at the TR booth and found out TR members can check in early at no charge...at noon! It wasn't quite noon but there was only one person in the TR guest line so we gave it a go. At that time we were able to take care of everything but had to come back to get the keys at 12. Piece of cake! The guy that helped us was awesome... Removed the resort fee for me since I had booked back in February but had changed to a better packed after they started the resort fee (on his own, I didn't even ask), gave us some tips on ways to get around quick and was super friendly and fast. . . Our GO room was really cute and clean with a view of the pools. We were on the 25th floor of the Spa Tower. I was excited it had a mini fridge and a coffee maker...nice to have cold water available and store left overs to eat for breakfast. The bed was super comfy, there's a huge mirror for getting ready and lots of lights in the bathroom. We had no problems at all with the room, keys or house keeping during our stay.. . Some tips....the coffee place in the hotel sucks and was way overpriced. Maybe we are Starbucks snobs, but really, yuck. None of the restaurants here were impressive, but like I said, it's in the perfect spot to walk to better restaurants. Serendipity across the street is FABULOUS! . . If you hit the GO pool go early if you want a lounge chair. They open at 9 and there will be a line to get in.  The party goes all day here...if you want beer buy a bucket before noon and save your self 10 bucks! The pool food was pretty good too. . . My only 2 complaints were 1. Who ever had the room before us thought it'd be great fun to set the clock radio alarm for 2 am, full blast on static. Yes it's Vegas and yes I was asleep at 2 am and that really, really sucked. 2. The iPod docking stations are great, until you are awakened by a ridiculous alarm at 2 am and then forced to hear the base of your neighbors techno music til 4 am. Not the hotel's fault some people are inconsiderate...maybe if I'd had some good coffee I'd not be so grumpy about it. . . Check out was easy. I went down early (10am) to pay my pool tab and took care of everything in about 5 min. Was told to leave the keys in the room and that was it. I vote stay here. You'll be close to it all and save money for fun on the strip...winning!
My only complaint of Flamingo is the early pool closing and lack of family pool on weekdays.. . All the food was amazing I especially like breakfast at the TROPICAL BREEZE cafe..My french toast was so delicious.  Their pancakes, I heard, were especially off the hook and good!. . Loved the friendly staff, all the shops, the extra large rooms, the cleaning ladies were all super, super sweet, and the location was perfect!!!!!  Wish I had spent more time exploring the hotel and it's amenities but I PROMISE to return.  That's how great my stay at Flamingo was!!!
This place was awesome!  Reasonable priced, great location, kick ass pool and very few meat heads.  Next time in Vegas I will be there!
My recent stay here at the Flamingo was very satisfying.  I have nothing bad at all to say about this place.  The service from the hotel staff at front desk and guest services to the people who worked at the restaurants inside the Flamingo to the Floor Managers and dealers as well as the cleaning staff was simply outstanding.  I stayed in one of the Fab Deluxe Rooms.  It was quiet, clean and had everything I would want to have in a hotel room in Las Vegas.  The flight and hotel together was very cheap and the value of it all was perfect.  I would stay here again for sure.
Since the Flamingo GO Pool is basically my new favorite place to be EVER I guess this will seem bias. However, I did consult these Yelp reviews before booking the Flamingo and because of that I booked the GO Room. I wanted to check out old Vegas and thought "How bad can it be?". . Indeed. I have no idea what these reviewers are talking about with the rooms being dirty. Maybe the Flamingo has made some changes, but the room we had was seriously nothing short of amazing. It's probably the nicest room I have ever stayed in. Really. . . It could just be the proletariat in me, though.. . You can't compare the Flamingo to Aria or Cosmo because you can't get a room for that price in those places. You can't say you don't like a movie theatre, so you're going to the OPERA next time because one of those things is not the same price as the other. I know it is difficult for rich people to understand that things cost different amounts... but if you can afford a suite in the Cosmopolitan then don't cheap out and stay at the Flamingo and then become all enraged when there is no water for your pomeranian in the room. If you want a fancy hotel, go pay a fancy fee.. . You get what you pay for and unlike some other casinos I have stayed in, the Flamingo was worth every cent. Then again, I'm not all rich and fancy. And I don't have a fancy pomeranian. It's because I'm poor and I don't know how to live my life. And I have a dog allergy. I'll never be able to afford a suite at the Cosmo, though, so for me the Flamingo is as good as it gets. WOW I DON'T EVEN FEEL DEPRIVED AT ALL!. . There was a long line to check in and out. There was also a comparable line checking into the Paris. I'm not saying lines are cool, just that if you can't afford some kind of presidential VIP welcoming party I don't think you can do much about the whole "waiting in line" thing that happens in life and stuff. Luckily, when we got to the front of the line the guy at the counter was totally excellent and upgraded us to a suite even though he could tell we weren't all upper class by our flip flops and non-designer sunglasses. His awesomeness more than made up for that line that makes you ponder your lot in life as a non-celebrity.. . You can't expect fancy parking at an old Vegas hotel, they did things different when this place was built... which is basically what I think makes the Flamingo rock my face off. I would rather have a fancy place for me to stay than my car, but I am used to parking my car in shady places since I'm so low class and all. Naturally, fancy people will be absolutely infuriated by the fact that the red carpet doesn't reach into the parking lot of inconvenience. If you have given your rich-person driver the day off and the limo is in the shop you can always use the valet, although I know it is hard to surrender your Astin Martin to one of the great unwashed service industry people.. . We thought that the walls were thin when we woke up the morning after and heard a ton of music, but it was from the pool. The pool that makes staying at the Flamingo completely worth it! The birds, the greenery, everything was so cool! Even if the hotel was just average, it would still be worth staying here just for the pool. Of course, if you sleep wearing a blindfold on a pillow made of satin I can see how this would be totally bothersome. And I know flamingos aren't that impressive to see when you eat one for dinner every Saturday with a side of caviar or something. But normal people think it's pretty cool.. . Overall, I think the Flamingo is worth the risk. I don't think you can go wrong with the GO room from what I saw, and with that level of coolness I don't see how much lower than average the other rooms can possibly be. Worst case scenario the room is a little dirty and you spend your whole stay in the pool anyway. Watch out, poor people pee in it!
We had Soooo much fun at this hotel for gambling last night --- we are still smiling this morning!!. . The property is pretty dumpy and has lost all of its pink sparkle that made it the flamimgo .... and now it is a mish mosh of decor and run down.   But, all that aside its a great place to enjoy the table and gambling at reasonable prices.   The cocktails were great!!  I like drinking white russians when I play and they were delicious!!!! --- my husband likes Grand Marnier  and they charged him 2.00 for the upgrade.  He happily paid it considering other hotels will give a cheap imposter instead ---- it was fantastic that they had a great idea to offer an upgrade for the premium liquors!. . If you are looking for a gambling spot that is reasonable and a really nice crowd of fun people and nice dealers..... This is a great spot!!. . Also, the Donnie and Marie Show is Fantastic!!!!!  .... its a Great show to see!
Wifey and I love the Flamingo " Old School" we hope they never change !! Very kicked back not like the stuffy Cosmo where all the hipsters hang out and try and out dress each other!! Went to X burlesque show with the wife .. Good show !! Had room service and spent very lil time in room !! Just to HANGOUT and get a few winks in between gambling and partying !! Loyal Flamingo Fans !! From the Central Coast Of Cali luv it!!
We just needed a cheap place to stay on the way through vegas so this was perfect. Payed next to nothing for the room on priceline and was shocked to see what we got for the money. The room we had was updated and extremely roomy, bathroom was the largest of all the hotel bathrooms we stayed at on our trip. Everything was clean and employees were nice. The hotels location was the best part because it was in a great spot on the strip. The only thing I could really complain about is the parking was awful and the casino smelled sorta like urinal cakes.
