this is my favorite buffet in Vegas! the price is fairly affordable and the food is good.
My stomach growls just thinking about this buffet.. . Initially I was really hesitant to try this buffet.  Its a bit pricey and it is a hotel buffet.  But I took a chance... . And thank god I did!  Even someone like me that has a million allergies can find a zillion things to eat.  Beautiful carving station with amazing prime rib, mexican food bar to make tacos, and nachos.  . . I spied across the mile long buffet tons and tons of seafood for those so inclined.  The crab legs at the table next to me looked like mutant crabs - HUMONGOUS!  . . Asian area ... HUGE dessert area..mongolian bbq.. oh man.  I can't wait to get back.. . And a little bird told me that VEGAS RESIDENTS get 50% off M-Thr..
I admit it, I love buffets.  However, the Carnival World Buffet is the buffet of all buffet.  We purchased a discount coupon from the Tickets 4 Less company and paid half price.  It made for a tremendous value.  My wife is not a big fan of buffets and she even loved it.  While none of the food was outstanding (except maybe the gelato), most of it was very good.  We took the shuttle from Bally's for Sunday brunch.  We got there early enough to avoid any lines.  There is a huge assortment of food spanning almost every genre of food.  Some of my favorites were:  lox, ambrosia salad, prime rib, potato pancakes with applesauce and the strawberry churros.  I also loved the Japanese stir fry station, very similar to Mongolian BBQ.  Tom was our waiter and was outstanding.
still my favorite all around buffet in vegas!! :)
My favorite buffet - good price, especially for locals, good service/food, crab legs, ribs, and everything else, even a ICE CREAM BAR!!!!!. . The only draw-back is the location (at the Rio) but if you dont want to deal with the traffic from the strip the Rio does provide free shuttle service from Ballys
This is my favorite buffet place of all time and I am quite confident that there will be no others who will compare or come close (okay, maybe the buffet at Paris is close).. . First of all, this place has a million different foods, that should tell you right there, that its worth it.  They have nationality foods from America, Mexico, China, Italy, Mongolia, and Japan.  They also have a full salad bar, dessert bar, and practically any non alcoholic drink you want.  Let me talk to you about the dessert bar...was are talking about Gelato ice-cream here baby and a whole array of pies, cakes, cookies, ice-cream, and other dessert assortments.. . The food stretches longer than any buffet place I have seen.  Just imagine 4 Hometown Buffets worth of food AND better quality!!. . What are the down sides?. . Price & the wait!!!. . Since it is the best in the world, you just might have to wait for it, if you decide to go on the weekend.  This place has a Disneyland set up line with many switch-backs.  I will NEVER go on the weekend!  I always manage to hop right to the front, when I go.  If you have a player's card (not the basic one), you can get a line pass.. . In regards to the price...be ready to pay $25 for an adult!  Another thing I NEVER do, is pay full price!  I won't don it!  Although its rare, the Rio does put out coupons for this place.  You have to check the Las Vegas airport lobby or some other off Las Vegas Blvd. hotel lobby for coupons.  Sometimes when you sign up for a player's card, they will give you a coupon in your welcome kit.  I have also seen coupons get distributed via text.  Check with the Rio web site about signing up to receive text messages; however, I do believe it takes 24 hours for the text messages to go into affect (FYI).  Sometimes they also pass out on the strip, coupons at their other property, Harrah's...its really a hit and miss, as when they are going to be outside.. . Never the less, this buffet is a must, at least once in your lifetime!
Yummmmmyyyyy! I love that this isn't the "typical" buffet. They have a great selection-anything from asian food, to mexican toitalian to seafood...everything! And I have to say that everything I tried was delicious.. They also have an amazing dessert selection...anything you can think of!. You must go here if you're in Vegas.
Buffet of Buffets Marathon - Stop #5 of 7 3:00 PM. . After 4 buffets in the past 5 hours, there was a part of me that wanted to quit at this point and just drive home.  Realizing how stupid that would be, I decided to press on and head over to the Rio for Stop #5 on the Buffet of Buffets Marathon.. . Once again, when our group was seated we took a few minutes to pause and gain the strength to go after another round of food.. . This buffet is one of the largest out of the 7 on the list and there was plenty to choose from.  Since I'm not eating Meat right now, I narrowed down my choice to a Cheese Enchilada, Chimichanga, Slice of Pizza, Quesadilla, and a Churro.  All were very, very good.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FLMxWQO-ckCQmGZhU9OQgw?select=fQjaJZ3bmRecEo0iZHEebQ. . If I had any more room in my stomach, I would have sampled more dishes, but I just couldn't muster the strength.  Here are some samples of what was available:. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FLMxWQO-ckCQmGZhU9OQgw?select=9MYQJhB3J2xaVciDcqzodw. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FLMxWQO-ckCQmGZhU9OQgw?select=TNoxBrLpe1HUqOCO6WdiWg. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FLMxWQO-ckCQmGZhU9OQgw?select=GmIOlUaUWPeK3QDpaZeIog. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FLMxWQO-ckCQmGZhU9OQgw?select=dAElVFwveZIns7Jt_3FhyQ. . Overall, the service was the best here.  Our server brought us out some Champagne and was quick with the refills and clearing of the table.  The food selection here is awesome too.....as well as the quality.  A 5 Star buffet for sure.. . Return Factor - 100%
This buffet ruined me for all other buffets for the rest of my life. We went to this buffet after my wedding as my "reception" since I wanted everybody to like the type of food and I heard it was nice. I didn't expect to go in and be shown enough food to feed a small country for a week! We got there earlyish (4:30) so we got a seat very quickly. I started on one end and walked to the other. That took about 15 mins. Then I saw the crab legs.... My husband- LOVES crablegs. The set up was so much we took pictures next to it to send to my father-in-law who then called us toscream at us for eating there without him. :) Next time...
I was about to go to  Vegas a few years ago and on the Sunday before we were to leave, the Los Angeles Times had a special Sunday section on Vegas. In it, it declared that the Carnival World Buffet is the best in  town, and so we went, and so it was, and still is. Since finding the buffet, I try to get a room, which is actually a suite, at the Rio when I'm going to be in  town. The first thing you have to keep in mind when you are confronted with such an overwhelming array of foods is don't try to eat everything. You can't, no-one can't. So try to follow some sort of theme, and try to stick to it. Remember, you probably will be back so don't eat yourself sick, that's no fun. So enjoy.
O-M-G! I must've died and gone to heaven! This place was absolutely spectacular! I admit it took about 20 mins to get but the line moved pretty fast and I was drunk so I wasn't complaining. This place had some of EVERYTHING. I couldnt make it to dessert because I had filled up on everything else. They had things like duck, pizza, wings, Chinese food,  CRAB LEGS, and about a thousand other things. Everything seemed so clean and the staff were also very friendly. This wasnt her neighborhood Home Town Buffet. This is the ultimate buffet. I enjoyed my experience here and so did my boyfriend. The options seems endless. I would return here with friends and family.
By far my favorite buffet in Vegas. It is totally worth going off the strip for! The bananas foster was so good that I can still remember how it tasted. The buffet is HUGE there is almost every type of food from almost everywhere in the world. Worth every penny and you won't be disappointed.
This was my first and only Vegas buffet experience, but I have to believe that it can't get much better than this. Crab legs, shrimp, hibachi station, taco bar, sushi, pho station, bbq, roast beef, smoked salmon, salads, pastries, gelato and sooo much more! . . We got here before the big Sunday brunch rush and only waited about 5 minutes to for a table, and were instantly brought champagne and they kept it coming the entire time we were there! From my research in trying to find a good buffet for our long Vegas weekend, this seemed like a good mid range option and we weren't disappointed. It's a long walk from the strip so try to take a cab, or, in our case, shanghai a limo driver that looks bored!
OMG best buffet in Vegas besides the bellagio buffet! The price is only 25 per person which is a deal! This place has really good crab legs I ate three plates and also shrimp cocktail. . . The prime rib is also yummy but I love how they have every food u could possibly think of. The pasta is sooo good and so is the Peking duck. . . What I don't like is the sushi cuz there's only California rolls and it's not legit. They also don't have any raw oysters which I was looking forward to eating.. . Overall the crab legs r the best and u definitely get ur money's worth coming here. I ate here twice on my vacation that's how good it is! Must go to this buffet!
Best buffet hands down! Every thing here is amazing. The dessert island is the best if you can save room for it!
Wow! So ginourmous! Yum dim sum, desert all of it. Kindof phenom. Wowza.
This is the first time here, I tried the Seafood Buffet at Rio's before, it was good also. We went to Carnival World Buffet on Monday night, and still have to wait in line for 40 mins which is not bad. The price is $29.99, but if you have Neveda ID, you got 50% discount. . . This is the biggest and most variety buffet I found in Vegas. The food are fresh, especially Snow crab, Shrimp cocktail and Oyster. Their chinese section were great, they even have roasted duck. Overall, it's good value, and I will recommend my friendswhen they are in Las Vegas
Long wait but worth it.  The selection is incredible.  The Fresh Cut meat station was great
One of the best buffets in town. Plus, you can get cheap drinks that aren't watered down. . . There's a long line if you go on the weekend, but during the week, if you get there early, there's no wait. . . They have everything here.
FINALLY something worth having a Nevada ID for. 50% for a casino buffet and all u need is a Nevada ID and sign up for their rewards card. you don't even have to gamble. they have long lines but if you have VIP status like i do (actually my pops does) side step to the VIP line for just a little wait. but if you have to wait in the regular line expect close to half an hour or so. . . I'd like to compare the Carnival World buffet to the Studio B buffet at the M Casino. For the variety and quality of food. Big selection of good tasting food with some ok or even poorly made food (sushi and bbq ribs were terrible). They have everything soup, salads, corn dogs, meat loaf, fried chicken, dim sum, mexican, asian, american, italian, beers and other alcohol drink, desserts. . . Really really loved the asian style roast duck, enough that I had almost as much duck as crab legs a full plate, juicy and tasty. They also have a real tasty asian style pork chop. If you want PHO or TEPPANYAKI they have that too, specially made for you, you pick the ingredients they'll do the rest. Soy beans. . . Carving stations!? some tender pieces of prime rib, they'll even cut it thick for you just let um know. Roast beef, glazed ham, i think is saw turkey maybe. pork and beef ribs. . . No made to order pasta but some good pasta dishes the ones you'd bake in a casserole. There was also a lot of good quality make pizza. . . Came here for the crab legs and oysters but was disappointed to find out that there was no oysters and only served cold crabs legs. didn't ask but maybe next time I'll ask the teppanyaki guys and see if they do something with the crab legs. . . Desserts not a lot to choose from but my plate of mango, coconut, and orange cream ice cream scoops, topped with warm just make banana foster, yeah you know you'd like some right now, was the best way to end my feast. . . Service wasn't that good, they were bad at clearing our table and getting our drinks even worst when we wanted refills. Didn't get our drinks until two plates in. Our table was filled with plates and cups that were stacking. . . But overall definitely worth the 12 bucks, 50% off locals, on a Friday night might even be a steal.
Oh.. em... gee... can't go to Vegas without stopping here!!. . I first ate at the world buffet 4 years ago when my mom and step-dad had their wedding dinner here.. and boy was I hooked from the start. . . Every food imaginable. Amazing selection of fresh food... and everything looks so good you will want to try it all. Mounds of crab legs (yum!), all kinds of other fresh seafood, steak, prime rib, ham, chicken, all kinds of sides, sushi, Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Mexican, American, any kind of food really.. . Last time I was in Vegas for 3 days me and my best friend went to the world buffet 4 times!! (breakfast, lunch, dinner). Best value is to get a buffet hooper pass (around $40) which is valid for 24 hours from time of purchase and good for unlimited buffet eating at any of Harrah's 7 buffets. We literally went down the strip eating at 5 of 7 of these buffets, making sure we hit this one up one last time before our time was up. . . You have to try it yourself before you judge based on 2 or 3 star reviews...
one of our favorite buffets in town. they have a great locals deal which we take advantage of often. crab is always tasty and the prime rib is almost always fork tender. the teppanyaki station is great as is the gelato bar. i understand the even have fruit and salads down at the end. there are a couple of servers who give GREAT-Exceptional service and the rest are good. one of the head chefs (maybe THE head chef) came to our table and introduced himself one night. we chatted about what we liked best (the prime rib and crab) and he reccomended a couple items. we have eaten there many times (20+) never a bad experience. rio is a little off the strip but worth the trip. free shuttle from harrah's if you are mid strip.
Huge-ass Buffet for sexy fat people like me?? hellz ya!! This place is off the chain! . . Fritz's Quick Tip: Go for breakfast at around 10:30, Stay for lunch which starts at 11am. that way you save 2 bucks and you get the best of both worlds! . . I swear this Buffet has got to be at least half a block long! with many different styles to choose from! . . You got your southern with their Fried chicken, Ribs, biscuits, country fried gravy corn. etc. . Then you got all your roasts: beef, Pork, sausages, ham.... . You also got your Chinese: BBQ Duck and Pork, 4 kinds of chow mein, sweet n sour pork, crispy chicken, DIM SUM!! etc.... . Japanese: SO MUCH SUSHI!!! . . Italian.. All kinds of pastas, garlic bread, HAND TOSS PIZZA!!!!!  6 DIFFERENT KINDS! (are you kidding me?) . . I swear i gained at least 8 pounds just in one sitting... . . OH and don't get me started on the dessert! all i gotta say if FRESH PIE AND GELATO!!!.... . So the next time your in the Rio Hotel! check this place out! F#$K a diet! you only live once!!! don't be boring! ;)
RIO CARNIVAL BUFFET I LOVE YOU!!. . *** This is not be confused with the RIO SEAFOOD BUFFET ***. . This is the way to my heart! The crab. Oh the endless crab!!  My best friend and I ate crab, cake and margaritas for 4 hrs! . . The waitstaff was annoyed for sure, but we didn't care. We paid so we ate.  I will walk miles to sit and eat there. Which we did. We walked the backroads at least 3 miles. The desserts are amazing! So many to choose from. They are petite so you can eat a bunch of different ones. . . Then after being able to stuff your face, there is no better way to end the night at Chippendales.   . . I want to go back.. . Like most buffets in LV it isn't going to be cheap, but it is well worth it.
The most wide selection of food you can get at this buffet. This is my favorite buffet place to go to. They have the best service one can have. Offering free champagne to our table and very friendly staff overall. It is hard to find a buffet place where I would want to try everything and actually finish what is on myplate. I am very pleased to say that Rio did a great job with their quality of food. I would love to come back here to eat again. Once again, thank you for an enjoyable meal and a good time we had at Rio.
I give it a 5! I went there for dinner. There were so many different kinds of foods (Asian, Italian, Seafood, American, Mexian, etc). The food was not only incredible (because I had tried all the varieties), I had the best waitress I've ever had, she was overly friendly, cracking jokes, and on-time, making sure we were enjoying our food.. . Although, the negative was it was off the strip.. It's definitely worth it. The positive evens out because it was only 15.00! . . Fun tip: Take the shuttle bus that goes from Harrah's to Rio, for free.. Every half hour! The bus only goes to those destinations back and fourth, so it's really great!
Amazing pizza, large variety of food, and a mountain of desserts. Pricey on the weekend (cheap on the weekdays) but worth every penny, makes you wish you had another stomach.
Great buffet. Every time i go to vegas I go here. Its great, plenty of food, great selection and good price. $25 per person. Not bad.
WOW, this place was massive, there was so many appetizing choices you can't sample everything, I only had 4 plates of food (including dessert) and I was full up to my eyeballs, you better be ready with some stretch pants when you come here, I came here for brunch and didn't eat the rest of the day.........
This is the BEST buffet in the world.  PERIOD.  No other buffet restaurants compare.  Service is excellent, selection is superb, and the taste is SCRUMPTIOUS!  You'd be a fool to not dine here if you're in Vegas.
In general buffet food can be very disappointing but this was a good surprise considering my expectations. I really got nothing negative to say about this place.  the service is great you can feel that they really care for their customers. They never let the empty dishes linger on your table fro too long and they always around when you need them.  The food is cooked nice. Nothing was over or under cooked and the selection is huge. Their gelato  is yammy.
This is the best buffet I have ever had. Soo much to choose from its ridiculous. This place is a must visit everyone I come to Vegas. I could never get enough of eating here with such variety and great quality you almost forget its buffet food
5 stars for quality of food, not every hi-end restaurant provide that fresh and tasty food. It's the best buffet in Las Vegas I've been to. . . One crucial disadvantage - it's extremely popular and demand is a way over space and service abilities of this place, so if you're going to dine there from 5 to 7 pm be prepared to stay in a line for more than one hour. It's less people gathered for lunch, at 1 pm Monday we stayed for around 10 min a line. It's definitely worth to try.
When someone asks me where I'd recommend to go for a buffet in Vegas, this is the first place that pops into my head. It's overwhelming enough to see how far from one end to another all that food is laid out and served. What makes it stand out is their crab legs. (Except, for some reason there weren't any when my friend and I went there on January 12, 2012 - it was a thursday) People pile them up in a cute little mountain on their plates! If they are a bit hard, there's always a cracker around, just ask one of the servers. . . Other than the legs, I couldn't get enough of the scallops in the deep fried section (they're my favourite), roast beef (which was cooked just right), fettucine, you name it. However, I'm quite the sweet-tooth so I prefer not to binge on entrees to save up on tummy space for dessert. If you're into dessert as well, you will not be disappointed. They have a whole area for it, even a gelato stand! My favourite was the tiramisu and chocolate where I'd sprinkle it with m&ms and granola afterwards. Sadly, I was sick the last time I went there so I distanced myself from the cold choices and stuck with their mini-hazlenut pies which were to die for, bread pudding wasn't bad either. . . Despite the price, (it would cost about $20-ish each on average but locals get half off - I think) you could count on quality and unlimited portions. 'Stuff yourself till you drop'! And if you're lucky enough to have a black hole in your stomach, you could try the whole day buffet pass for only about $44. That's unlimited food around numerous resorts' buffets for a day! (try searching it, i'm not kidding)
If you can get past the price, this is an incredible experience! We got discounts by joining the Total Rewards club ($3 off) and for checking in on Foursquare ($5 off), just show your check in at the Total Rewards Counter! Genius!. . Huge fan of the carving station! Prime Rib was off the hook. Ask for two slices, cause they cut them a bit thin. Also the mongolian grill pumps out some really great tasting stir fry. Also really enjoyed the gelato bar, so many choices! Not to mention the 100's  of other desserts in the case! . . GO!
With a large amount of family in town we went here for the champagne brunch they offer on the weekends.  I wish they also offered the locals discounts on the weekend, but sadly they do not.  (Around 25 dollars a head, Thanks Dad and Dad's wife.)  This time the entire buffet was open and the Asian and seafood stations were alive and kicking.  They even had the cash bar open with drink specials on display.  (Because, who doesn't want to get lit at 9:30 in the morning?)    . . Please trust me when I say I am a picky eater, yet there was not a food I tried here I couldn't stuff my gullet with.  Steak, yes please.  Mini cheesecake tins, I'll take two.  Kielbasa, oh yeah and thanks for cutting it up for me.  That fruit looks good, but wait is that an omelet station over there?  Mashed potatoes next to my taco, sounds just right.  The lady working the dessert bar was smiling on my third trip up and she was still smiling on my five year old nieces' eighth trip up.   . .  The next best thing to this trough of gluttony is the drinking that comes with it.  The server was too kind to keep the refills flowing.  I really couldn't say how many drinks I had with breakfast because the glass never actually got empty, yet magically was full at every sip.  Over the speaker I heard blah blah blah four dollar pitcher blah blah bloody mary blah blah twenty minutes blah.  Up up and away I was to the cash bar.  "Bartender did I hear that right?"  "No, they are only three dollars".  Whoo hoo!!!  I walked out of that place with a big food baby belly and a really light head all before noon.
This is the best buffet in Las Vegas!  There is so much to choose from!  I wish I could have tried everything but had way too much.  The line for the stir fry was long but worth it.  A must try when in Vegas!
I understand why this is consistently ranked among the best buffets in Vegas.  What a selection!  Everything I tried, with the exception of some weird chocolate pie thing at the dessert bar, was fantastic!  The pork egg rolls may be the best I've ever had.  The homemade gelato?  Oh so good!  I tried various pastas, chicken parm, fried rice, mashed potatoes, fresh carved kielbasa and ham, veggies, etc.  I had been to the Rio buffet once before but it is better than I remember!  Would definitely go again!
I went to the buffet with me family to eat the buffet that i told my other family member's you know we paid to get in $29 dollars *6 adults $21 per kid *7 separate checks what have you. I go up and the girl/host tells me i need to pay additional% because i have too many people with me. So she split us up. which is fine. but not at two opposite ends of the place. Otherwise meal was Good enjoy this buffet.
I love this buffet, it has a ton of food and its very good.   And I love it more because since i'm a local i get 50% off the regular price, You can't beat that.     Love It!!!!!!!
This was our 3rd and final stop in the Buffet of Buffets tour and we saved one of the best for last. The Carnival buffet is still one of my favorites because of the huge variety of foods they have from one end to the other. My favorite that day was the prime rib. It was so juicy and tender, but the slice I had was a little fatty. Their selection ranges from seafood to different ethnic stations and a carving station.. . There was no line to get in since we came right between breakfast and lunch time that we could have walked right in. The buffet was not very busy since it was on a weekday and not the weekend. If you come and don't mind driving over from the Strip then this buffet is for you.
My favorite option of the Buffet of Buffets. Pretty much all their food was good, but my favorites were the brick oven pizza, asian soup station, and the gelato (lots of different flavors!). They really do have food from all over the world. Being vietnamese, I'm surprised their pho was actually pretty good. The crabs were juicy and sweet, but I believe Spice Market Buffet is better for their crab legs.. . I'll definitely be back if I'm ever in Vegas again!
Best ever have, lots of food and not like any other buffet with lots of blahhh food, their cooking is pretty good but what is more impresive is their desserts bar, they have the self-pay machines and make the line really fast, actually there's never line and they get you to your table in less than 5 minutes.. All I can say is "FOOD IS EXQUISITE" "FAST SERVICE" YUMMY DESSERTS"
For its sheer size alone this is a great buffet. The size does not subtract from the quality. I have been for breakfast and dinner, and both are a great value. Try the Peking Duck!
Need to update this to remind myself and others how spectacular this buffet is. It is still my #1 buffet. To elaborate a little more from my last review:. . -The staff here are so friendly and attentive, more than any buffet I've been to. They clear your plates so fast!. -Geez the food here, thank God I got the 24hr buffet pass because I could not thoroughly enjoy everything in one dining period. HUGE selection, all very tasty.. -Prime rib to die for!. -sweet crab legs and huge selection of seafood mmmm.... -great variety of ethnic foods. -superb desserts!!! loved the gelato, pies...AND BANANA FOSTER.. . Get the 24hr buffet pass and eat to your heart's content. . I taxi'd to Rio just to eat here. It is so worth it.
If your ever in the mood for Seafood this buffet is the best.  You get all kinds of seafood cooked every which way. When I have family and friends come into town this is one place I have to take them. I suggest you get there early because it is very popular.  The service is pretty good considering how busy they are. If you are local make sure you show your local ID.
The Pho here never fails me!! I Loove their selection & food! Sunday brunch was awesome!!!
The best buffet in Vegas hands down. I have been to just about all the buffet's in Vegas and most of them have lots of food and a great price, but most of them the food is reheated and poor tasting.. . The Rio Carnival World Buffet is the best. Food is always fresh and hot. Best value. I recommend going for a late lunch so that you can sneak a coupe of bites of the dinner menu without paying the dinner price.. . The selection is top of list. Did I say this was the best value in town for the price.
This place has stepped it up from the last time I've been to Vegas.  Nice, new, clean look with amazing selections, even at 8 in the morning.  The food is fantastic.  purchase the 24 hour pass for $45, it's worth it!
#1 buffet in Vegas! Lots of selection unlike the other buffets around The Strip. Great price for great food :) Best value!. . Loved the steak, seafood & desserts! . . Will def come back when in Vegas.
This place is one of those places you have to go when you're in Vegas. They probably have the biggest selection I've seen anywhere and they have a wide variety of food. I've only been there for dinner. . . I suggest you get there early because after 6, the line gets super long.
This place is amazing! There are so many choices of food from different world cuisines. I came here on an empty stomach and left ready to blow up with all the goodness I ate.. Our waiter was very friendly and constantly checked up on us for refills and used plates. . I will be returning..but maybe not for a year or so, I might still be full from the last time I went.
Ok just based on sheer size alone this buffet takes the cake, and the prime rib and the crab legs and the Peking duck, I think you get the picture. Don't worry about the extra calories you are downing here, you will burn some of them off walking from one end of this behemoth of a buffet to the other. The variety is unreal, and everything is tended to so there are no steam pans with one withering shrimp. Everyone must try this once. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
I don't know why there is such a big fuss over the Bellagio buffet. I would choose this buffet over the Bellagio any day, any time. I came to this buffet twice during 2 different years and came out of the buffet feeling overly satisfied. I'm so disappointed this buffet is all the way in Vegas and I'm in Seattle. I'm probably going tohave total fat girl dreams about the Rio buffet for months.. . I'm pretty sure everyone's favorite part of the buffet is the all you can eat gelato station. I stayed at the Bellagio and my girlfriend and I got a small cup of gelato for almost $5. Here, you get the same size almost and you can eat as much as you want. EFF YEAAAAHHH!! This buffet has a really good selection to choose from, as well. My mouth is literally watering while I think of the mac and cheese and ribs I had. Ugghh!!. . Compared to the prices of the other buffets on the strip, this buffet is a pretty good price with an amazing selection. You can make your own tacos, have some Asian noodles and Pho made for you, get some seafood, make a little salad, have some southern / country style food, you name it!. . I'll just end this review by staying this: If there is a buffet you HAVE TO / NEED TO / MUST GO TO in Vegas, it needs to be this one. You won't be disappointed and there's something for everyone!
I think the line is always long here... That's a sign that the wait is worth the food!. . My parents always come here for lunch and dinner. I want to start off by saying these are the foods that are the best here:. . 1. Crab legs (dinner). 2. Shrimp. 3. Prime Rib (dinner). 4. Smoked sausage (only lunch). 5. Crab wrapped in sole (dinner). 6. Catfish. 7. Udon soup. 8. Dessert (all of it). . For the locals 50% discount, you have to come here and eat! The 8 listed above make for a worth while lunch & dinner!
One of, if not the best buffets in Vegas. The lines, however, are always incredibly long. (Lucky for me I always go with a diamond club member which means I get right in). . . The buffet has everything you could ever want and it's almost all delicious. Just make sure you save room for the giant dessert bar they have!
It is a must go if you are in Vegas.It puts Golden Corral to shame! This buffet have everything you can imagine. Prime Rib and Crab Legs( Pre cracked) .Asian section( PHO!!!  Everything American.Desert section to Die for .  Cons!! The lines can be long after 5pm. About 1 hour wait. The Price is a little steep if you are not a Total Rewards Member so get the free card in the casino even if you are not gambling  to save 5 bucks off. Pros Something for Everybody!!
The Carnival World Buffet is one of those buffets you have to try in Vegas. I been here a few times and would say it one of the best buffets in Vegas. All the food taste great. I'm Asian and I think there Asian selection are good. The ducks not bad. They have a lot of variety. I would go to this Buffet instead of paying $45 bucks to go to the Seafood one that also located in the Rio. This one has lots of seafood and good food. They sometime have coupon in the free magazine in front of fashion show mall. If you visiting Vegas you can take the free shuttle that located next to Bally's, it drops you off right at the Rio. The service is also good the servers come by and fill your drinks up and clean the tables quickly. This buffet was also feature on the Food Network channel as one of the biggest Buffet and was also awarded many awards for being one of the best buffet in Vegas. Also locals can get in with a discount.
If you want choices this is the buffet for you! Our party of 6 enjoyed the Sunday champange buffet. Excellent food and service!
This was our 3rd stop on our buffet of buffets tour, and I'm still not sure if its the best(with Paris) or a VERY close 2nd(to Paris). We(my dad, brothers, and I) went here for dinner at around 8:30pm or so, and were pleased to find that there was no line. I've seen the line during peak hours(formerly on my way to the seafood buffet) and how long it is, so I'm glad we missed it. Once inside, I was amazed at how BIG this place is. This is probably one of the larger ones I've seen, and the selection was impressive. I was still somewhat full from our earlier trip to Harrah's, so unfortunately I couldn't take full advantage of the spread, but I was able to squeeze down a plate or so. Their Italian section had pasta and a nice selection and larger variety of pizzas than I've seen anywhere, and they had some interesting toppings. Their American section had classic favorites like chicken fried steak, salisbury steak, and corn dogs to name a few. There was also mexican, asian, crab, the sliced meats, and a whole lot more! I did save room for dessert, and had some gelato. I wish I hadn't eaten so much so close to going here, because there was a whole lot to choose from and it all looked good. I still recommend going here based off of what I did have and what I saw. The sheer size and variety of this place sets it apart and makes it worth the drive/taxi ride off of the strip.
This was a great breakfast buffet! We enjoyed this one more than the Red Rock Canyon Casino's Feast breakfast buffet. The omelets were made to order and very good. There was plenty of crispy bacon on hand as well :) This was a wonderful breakfast experience.
Last stop on our Buffet of all Buffets line. Came here for brunch before we left for home. This buffet is HUGE!! I thought there was only a certain amount of selection so when I asked my friend where he got something and he pointed to the other side, I was shocked that it was that big! . . There was plenty of breakfast/lunch food. Bottomless mimosas and our waiter NEVER stopped re-filling them. As soon as he saw saw an empty cup, it would definitely be filled. . . For the most part, the food was really good. As this was my 3rd buffet this weekend, I didn't really feel like eating too much, but what I ate wasn't too bad. And they have a soup bar! I love soup! Their dessert slection was cut though. I think it was because it wasn't dinner yet :/. . Overall, I think it was really good. I think the huge selection just really impressed me!
I should say that this is the best buffet for the vegetarians.....Lots of options to choose from...they had italian, chinese, japanese, mexican, steak house.......and a huge variety of desserts. I loved their pizza!!! Don't forget to get 25% off coupon from the tickets4tonight!
Location. It's at Rio, which isn't on The Strip.  It's a little too far to walk, so if you're staying on The Strip, cab it over or hitch a ride with local family or friends.. . Atmosphere. It's a buffet.  Food stations along the backway.  Seating in the front.  It's a large dining room, so you may ge lost walking back to your table after fixing your plate.. . Service. The wait staff refills your glasses and takes your finished plates away.  They do so pretty quickly, so no complaints there.. . Food/Drink. If you want it, it's to be found here.  Being from Maryland, we always start with the seafood (crab legs and shrimp)!  But, there's more: sushi, fried chicken, prime rib, salads, etc.  I mean, who wouldn't love an all-you-can-eat buffet with food inspired from all over the world!  Yes, it can be a tad pricey (approx $32.00 for dinner), but you'll definitely spend more money, and get less food, at a celebrity's restaurant.. . The BEST buffet in Las Vegas.  Hands down!!!
omg, best meatballs. and their other selections are really great too.
TL;DR: THE BEST BUFFET ON THE PLANET.. . Long version: Came here using Buffet of Buffet pass on Christmas Day. Was a madhouse, but since there were two in our party we didn't have to wait as long as the large tourist groups did.. . The food was delicious. Now, it's a buffet, so don't expect everything to be like a made-to-order restaurant. But they did have m-t-o items! Each buffet station is a different region. You could go here every day for every meal and not try everything on offer for a week--there is THAT much food.. . There's a Mongolian-style grill in the Asian cuisine area. There's sushi, Italian, American... but the desserts are the best. Ten different kinds of gelato, cakes, pies, cupcakes... yeah. You could spend half your day trying to eat everything here.. . PS, use Buffet of Buffets pass--it makes all the gorging well worth it!
I think world Carival is still one of the best buffers. It's such a large selection and still have a really reasonable price.  I can't wait to come back here. Love the lay out to this restaurant..
In the movie "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory", in the scene where the children enter the big room filled with candy, their eyes lit up, their mouths dropped open, and they started to gorge themselves on every bit of candy they could get their hands on.  In the Rio Buffet, starring yours truly, my eyes lit up, my mouth dropped open, and I started digging in to everything I could fit on my plate!. . Close your eyes...make a wish....and you will probably find it at the Carnival World Buffet!  This has to be one of the largest buffets with the biggest variety of food I have ever seen.  What is your favorite type of food?  It's probably here!  I was thoroughly impressed with their Asian station, including various soups (the hot and sour is my favorite!) and pho, freshly prepared while you wait!  The Italian station had pasta and pizza that was surprisingly good!  There was a sushi station, seafood station, salad station, American station, and it just kept going on and on!  Oh yeah and did I forget to mention - BBQ Ribs that were so good!!. . If the words "heaven" or "hell" could be used in retail terms, then Carnival World Buffet would be the closest to heaven I have ever been.  (WalMart being the closest thing to HELL!). . For your sweet tooth, they had gelatos, mini "pie bites", mini "cheesecake bites" and more!. . The staff was friendly and very outgoing!  We went there on a Saturday evening, and there was no wait, we simply walked in.  During the weekend daytime hours, they have a champagne brunch with all you can drink champagne.  A great addition to any good buffet is champagne.   (Ask for it mixed with OJ for mimosas!). . As an experienced "buffet-er" I can tell you that this is one of the best, and not to be missed!. . SUGGESTIONS:  Stick to what makes this buffet unique!!  Avoid the prime rib, and all the buffet "standards".  (Not that any of their food looked suspect, but really, you can get a good prime rib just about anywhere in Las Vegas).  Hit the asian station, BBQ station (for ribs), seafood station and/or sushi station, and build your plates around that.  Don't forget to end with some gelato and cheesecake bites!
My boyfriend and I have tried to go to other buffets in Vegas, none are nearly as good as this one.. . I'm a pescevegitarian (so I eat seafood, but no other meats) and this buffet gives such a GREAT variety! I eat my weight in crab legs when I come here.. . We've never left hungry, that's for sure. Sushi, pizza, meats of all kinds, udon, teppanyaki, taco bar, and a great spread of desserts to boot!. . Tip: if you go to tix4tonight stands around Las Vegas, they sell dinner coupons for $2 a ticket, which makes your dinner $20 a person, tip not included. Beats $30 a person!
Best buffet on the strip. Wide range of foods and consistently has fresh foods. A++++
There's 4 things I look extremely forward to when I plan a Vegas trip. Gambling, Booze with friends, the amazing live shows and the fact that I have to make my stomach as close to of an abyss because of the epic buffet at the Rio Hotel. This buffet is worth waiting 30-1 hr, trust me. Supposedly the number #1 rated buffet is at the M Hotel, but that's not even on the Strip. This buffet seems endless and has so much food to choose from. Pizza, pho, enchiladas, waffles, sushi, bacon, chocolate mousse, prime rib, vegetarian friendly food, etc. Anyone can eat here and leave with one button undone and with a food coma. All Las Vegas hotels have some sort of buffet, but the Carnival eats those buffets for breakfast and spits them out. Perfect for hangovers that next morning, or even pre gaming so that you can fill your stomachs to drink endless amounts of alcohol. If you are going to come out to Vegas, you have to at least make time for a buffet, but not just any buffet, the Carnival World Buffet!!
Lined up for an early dinner. Well worth it!. . Prime rib :). Amazing. Absolute best prime rib I've ever tasted. Friends who live in Vegas told us it's hit-or-miss though, so apparently we went on a good day. Thin slices unless you ask the chef for a larger slice :) but so tender and full of flavor that day...better than Ruth's Chris or any other steak house!. . Service :). Our waiter was outstanding, unlike typical buffet servers who usually seem stressed or preoccupied. Our server, Brian, was attentive and friendly, and even mixed special drinks for our kids. He was friendly and accommodating and he actually seemed to enjoy his job. Our only regret is that our tip was included when we paid the cashier, so we're not sure if it went to him or to some general fund.. . Other foods. Crab legs were good but not great. But when it's all-you-can-eat with plenty of drawn butter, you can't be picky.. . Chinese dumplings (siu mai and ha gow) were tasty.. . Desserts. Plenty of variety. Cakes, pies, so many different flavors of gelato, ice cream.... . I'm getting hungry again. Can't wait to go back!!!
Love the sushi, udon noodle soup! A large variety of foods. But this is Las Vegas so the buffet price rather expensive low $20 for breakfast and lunch and high $20 for dinner and brunch
Oh yeah son!! Love this buffet!! . . Every time I'm in Vegas I make sure to drop by. I'm not going to lie, you're going to drop about $35/person for this buffet, but you will leave satisfied. . . They have a large assortment of breakfast items, Chinese, seafood, Mexican, pho, sushi, and dessert. You also get mimosas at no extra charge. They also have a bar where you can get custom drinks, which you have to pay extra for. . . I've tried the buffet at Bellagio and this buffet is hands down better than the Bellagio buffet. . . BEWARE! There are 2 buffets at the Rio, so make sure you go to Carnival World Buffet. . . Happy Grubbing! :D
In almost everything in life, you get what you pay for.  The Carnival World Buffet is no exception.  The buffet is a little over $30/per person.  But for that price, you get an actual smorgasbord off cuisine from Italian to Mexican to Asian to seafood.   I am far from being a dessert fan, but I actually went back for seconds on gelato.  The orange gelato is a perfect compromise between sherbert and ice cream.   I'd also give incredible kudos for the buffet's fried foods which actually stayed hot and crisp.   The buffet experience makes me want to return for a stay at the Rio!
THIS IS MY FAVORITE VEGAS BUFFET.. . It is affordable and they have sriracha. They have a noodle soup section that is freaking awesome. If you like tom yum soup get the #4. Their fried chicken wings are also delicious. Most buffet food tastes the same to me but I keep coming back to this one. Out of all the amazing places to eat in Vegas, RIO CARNIVAL WORLD calls my nameeeee.
out of all the buffets I've been to here in Vegas this is by far my favorite one to go to even though i don't really go here that often :)
Great breakfast friendly staff, I was totally happy and would certainly return!. . Great spread....  5-solid stars!
In the past I would have given 4 stars easy.. I would definatley give 5 stars just for the fact that they were so accommodating. I emailed the Rio explaning that I've always eaten there when visiting and really wanted my husband and brother and sister in law to experience the buffett however due to having had weight loss surgery over a year a go i'm very limited in the amount of food I can eat. I asked if it would be possible to pay the children's price and also explained that I had a card from my surgeon with my name on it as well as the type of surgery I had. I was emailed back with in 48hrs and readily accmodated. I was told to just show the cashier my card and I'd be able to order at children's price and I can talk to the chef if I had any particular diatery needs which I did not. I was so happy and thankful that they so willing to accmodate me and my family!. The food is endless and a wide variety as alway! I enjoyed my meatloaf and mashed potatoes and some crab!
Okay I've been to a few buffets in Vegas and I never thought carnival would be one of the ones I would visit off the strip ??? It was good for the price and I tried most of the different selections and to my surprise it was all good !!! I would recommend a visit off the strip and come to Rio you'll be happy ;) and you'll save some cash $$$$$$$$
My hubby and I just enjoyed a fantastic dinner here! Prime Rib was delish, sushi was very tasty, and all the fruits and veggies were fresh:) Even though the line looked long when we got there, it moved pretty fast. They just told us the locals 50% discount will be changed to 25% Dec 1st, so go soon!
Best buffet in Vegas hands down! Don't indulge too much on one item cuz there's too much good food! You'll want to save some space to try all the delicious food that calls your name. Lol. Not to mention desert...yummm!. . *And big rig parking right across the street, huge plus for me. Just a short walk.
I go to this place is the best and biggest buffet. I come here every time I visit Vegas and it never gets old. I like to take my time and just try a little bit of everything.
Wow, cant say enough about the Rio World Carnival Buffet!  I have yet to have a bad experience there.  The line outside is probably the worst part, depending on what time you get there!  I find the seafood to always be fresh!  They have live cooking stations throughtout the restaurant that ROCKS!  Yes I am a buffet foodie, and I have been to many....I find myself returning to the Rio on a regular!  The price, quality of food, and for the most part, the servers are great!
How is it that I haven't reviewed this place yet? . Well, if you are either going into the strip or leaving the strip, make sure you save $40 to eat here.. Yea, you read that right, $37 per person on the weekend, but I think it was definitely worth it. They have soooooo much food you will not be able to taste it all, no matter how hard you try, trust me. They have little sections to separate the kind of food, so they have the Italian-like section with pastas, lasagna, pizza, and then the Mexican part with tamales, menudo, enchiladas... then the Asian with pho, fish balls, pancit. Then the American with corn, potatoes, etc. Then a salad section with salads, cheeses, mac n cheese, fruits, and breads. Then the dessert square which has ice cream and all sorts of desserts. They also have a mini bar with no stools from which you can get a big blue drink, but I think they only offer that one type of drink... not other liquor or anything.. Service was good... a little too attentive. I couldn't eat in peace before the lady would pass by and try to take my plate, but overall a good Las Vegas buffet.
