Service was the only issue....food was so on! Must get gyoza and mango-taco dessert!!
Love this place. I forgot what dishes were popular but don't hesitate to ask your waiter or waitress what's their popular dish because EVERYTHING was good on the menu since I am a huge sushi fan and food. Super satisfied! :)
I am writing this review based on what I had. The Bobo brazil and the El topo roll was sooooooooo good! They are not huge so you can just pop one piece at a time and it's like heaven in your mouth. All the flavors and textures just worked so well together. I am not a big sushi eater but I would come back here the next time i'm in vegas. The miso sea bass was awesome also. I got drunk off of one strawberry mojito cause they made them so damn strong here
Whenever I go to Vegas, I always go to SushiSamba. The fusion is amazing, mixing sushi and Brazilian and Peruvian cuisine, and I would recommend the dish called El Topo...FABULOUS. . . The best part is that if you do not like a dish, they will take it back and bring you something else you request, at no charge. . . The music and atmosphere are lively, fantastic, and perfect before beginning a night on the town
SushiSamba...... where do we start????   Ok, lets start with the first thing that was delivered... its my neverfail when I go for sushi....  Spicy Tuna Roll....   even if the tuna isnt the highest of quality somewhere, the spicy tuna roll isnt half bad because of the spicy mayo.....   ok...   Sushi Samba Version is HANDS DOWN THE ABSOLUTE BEST SPICY TUNA ROLL I HAVE EVER HAD..   woah, time to calm down about it....  The sushi roll literally melted in my mouth, the tuna was uber fresh, the spicy mayo was applied in moderation let his presence be known....   this thing was absolute perfection....  Everything else we ordered was great, not to the perfection level of the spicy tuna roll, but it was still GREAT.  Wayyyyy better than good.  Had some yellowtail roll, oh yeah a $36 Kobe Beef sashimi roll with some deliciousness baked into it, JUMBO Shrimp - straight from the ocean fresh...   Some Japanese beer, some of this some of that, an hour later and $200 tab we emerged with smiles from ear to ear....   I had always heard good things about the place, but until I experienced it for myself, could never truly know how great it actually is.  I will be going back shortly, even if its only to order the spicy tuna roll...   I would trust that everything they have there would be to the quality in which i encountered in my meal.... Fear Not Yelpers... this place will treat you right....
Rock shrimp appetizer is amazing. Best sushi I've eaten to date.
This place continues to impress!  This time while i was there I ran into a fellow Elite member which was both shocking and awesome!   I got the spicy tuna roll again and my friend ordered the Neo Tokyo roll....  Based on my previous review you know that I am a HUGE fan of the spicy tuna roll, and now you will know how much I loved the Neo Tokyo Roll... This has yellowfin tuna, tempura flake and aji panca and it is just purely fantastic.  There was so much going on with this roll that it hit you in layers.  With each one, I found something else that I liked even more about it.  If you are going here, these two rolls should be your top two.
OMG, is it possible to be this good?  3 times there now and 3 times I have been equally impressed.  One thing that has been a constant on all 3 visits has been the great service I received.  Our waiters always their menu's and made fantatsic recommendations.  This time I had the tempura greenbeans with a truffle oil dipping sauce (Delicous!), Berkshire Pork Gyoza and Rock Shrimp Tempura (at the recommend of our server)  Everything was well prepared and efficiently served.  Sushi Samba is now a place that I can truly call home for great Sushi.  As you can tell by my reviews, its safe to say that I am a fan.
My first Sushi Samba experience was in Miami, and I have been in love ever since. Fusion cuisine...hmmm, how about just delish cuisine??!!. . My all time fav menu items are:. . Sashimi tiradito - yellowtail, salmon: everything is so delicate. Samba rolls - neo tokyo, bobo brazil, el topo, and rainbow dragon.  The rolls are not huge, actually prefer smaller rolls, difficult to fit everything into your mouth in one bite if the roll is 2 inches thick.. Hot dish wise, try the Moqueca Mista, its to die for!  I always finish off my meals with this dish, never mind desserts!  Also, try this with a cocktail, I recommend the Caipirinha, my mouth is watering writing this review!
If you're in the mood to drop about $500.00 for dinner for three, this is a great place to do it.  The highlights are cooking thin slices of Kobe Beef on a blazing hot rock, Sea Bass skewers, and the tempura Rock Shrimp.  Food and service is impeccable, albeit expensive.
Sushi Samba is my absolute favorite place for happy hour while in Vegas!. . Three words to describe this place: chic, sexy, sushi. From their delicious and creative sushi rolls to their amazing drinks, I always enjoy myself here...and no matter what part of the strip I am at, I make sure I get to the Palazzo and get my Sushi Samba fix.. . My favorites here are the Berkshire Pork Belly with butterscotch miso, a Caipirinha, and the eel and avocado rolls.. . The service has always been great and the bartenders are friendly and informative. I love the concept of Latin and Asian cuisines colliding (i.e. Chifa in Philly) and I think they execute it perfectly.. . After a long, hot day at the pool parties, Sushi Samba is my go-to spot.
I loved the dining experience here.  I came here with a group of 14 girls for a bachelorette celebration dinner a couple of weekends ago and we all loved the food, the customer service, and special treatment!. . The waiter offered a 3 course menu for $50/ person.  When the first 4 dishes came out, we were already full, but didn't realize that it was only the first course that came out.  It was amazing the amount of food we got and how good everything was for the price we paid for it.  . . We got the edamame, green been tempura with truffle sauce, some kind of a fried shrimp appetizer, hamachi tacos, squid, a platter of meats, a platter of sushi and sashimi, and we were even given complimentary shots presented aesthetically to the bride to be!  . . Great experience.  I have yet to try this place when dining for smaller groups of 2-4 people, but after this experience, I will definitely be back!  I'm hoping they offer the same $50/person type deal with a smaller group.
We scheduled the Sushi and Sake tour.  It was $100 a person but COMPLETELY WORTH IT!!!!  You learned and tasted multiple Sakes and you learned how to make sushi roles.   The hosts were terrific.  The food was AMAZING!!!   In addition to the sushi and Sake, we were treated to appetizers and desert.   I love sushi and this experience and quality of food was at the top of the places I've been to.   100% recommend it!
I wasn't planning on going to Sushisamba while in Vegas, as we have a few in NYC and I never even bothered going to either of them. But we were wandering around the Venetian/Palazzo and we decided to go for it. What a pleasant suprise...everything was outstanding. There is nothing more fun than ordering a bunch of small plates and trying different things...which is why I love places like this and Julian Serrano...different cuisine...same concept. The aja sauce they give you for the lobster tacquitos is SLAM BANG delicious, the seared kobe small plate was A-ONE, everything else was great also...shrimp tempura, salt and pepper squid, oysters, foie/kobe roll with caviar and gold leaf was actually the weakest dish...I got it just because of the novelty aspect really.
These 5 stars goes to the lady who was so damn good at her job by fulfilling every aspect of our dining experience that the food was more like a plus. I wish I got her name to credit her but we were a party of 8 girls staggering in late in high heels for our dear friend's bachelorette reserved dinner on a Saturday night a week ago.. We got the run down quickly on doing their style of "omakase" after mentioning we had a show and had to finish by 9pm. We gave her free rein with a price per person between $30 to $40.. Now, I was the only one who had been here before for the same concept so I was expecting the same good service and food. So I discreetly asked the lady server to make sure to add the Miso Sea Bass skewers. She happily replied, "I gotchu girl!" . We were then offered the extensive sake and wine menu, which we had to forgo. And one of the girls almost ordered the cucumber martini but didn't.  . After the time it took for a buzzed dude to walk over, show us his awesome swim trunks, (clearly forgetting to dress his bottoms to match his sharp shirt), wink and share a charming smile, and then leave...our appetizers were presented by a team of 3 servers.. - Otsumami: trio of edamame, tempura green beans with amazing truffle dip, grilled shishito pepper :). - Pork Gyozas (ok). - Rock Shrimp Tempura (wasn't as succulent or saucy but still good). . Our waters were always filled. Thank you water guy!. . Then after enjoying our appz for about 20 mins, came out the yummiful skewers, 3 specialty rolls of sushi (could have asked for the El Topo roll but decided try the others) and an entree split by 2 plates to share. It was the teriyaki chicken with fried onions atop mashed purple potatoes. This is so yum because the chicken was juicy and flavorful!. . We were having our fill and we were on schedule. Then the lady server got us a surprise sake tree of their cucumber martini! Also very refreshing and yum to end our meal.  We had to pack a bit of to-go and we were happy with the service. She lined our meal down the middle of our price range to about $36/person (plus tax+tip $45).. So exceeded my last experience here!  I recommend the omakase style because the servers really do know the menu. Trust!
Even though it is on the pricier side, it was worth it. My soul was happy with me after I ate here. In fact, my soul asked me to eat twice here. I happily obliged. The first time we were only there for a quick snack and a drink, but the second time we actually ate a meal there, so I'll review the second time. . . I should give one caveat: I'm not particularly familiar with authentic Brazilian or Japanese food. That said, I found this fusion restaurant both intriguing and completely intoxicating. . . The waitress we had the first time was good, but I really remember our second waiter, Max. He was very attentive and gave fantastic recommendations, but wasn't pushy about it. Most importantly, you can tell he's actually EXCITED about the food. It made a huge difference, because seeing someone so excited to tell you about the ingredients, how the food is prepared, and what flavors are going on together really adds to a wonderful food experience, in my opinion. The waiter ended up recommending a $60 per person meal, a tasting menu of sorts. It sounds like a lot, but given the prices, it was really very fair considering the amount of food we got. As such, I'm not going to talk about every little thing, but more the highlights. . . The Peruvian Corn was addicting. It was a little closer to the hominy side of the corn spectrum, but it was buttery and had just a bit of texture. If it doesn't come as a side, I absolutely recommend trying it as a separate side dish. It DOES come as a side to the sea bass skewers, which I think were my single most favorite thing I tried there. It was buttery and delicious, and so flavorful in little bites. I wish I could describe it better than just "flavorful," but I'm not even sure how to describe how delicious it was. I'll just say that while I was eating it, I hoped it would never stop (so inappropriate but I can't help it: that's what she said). . . Hamachi tacos and a plate of various sashimi were incredible. I liked the sashimi just a little more because the bold flavors of the sauces surprisingly married well with the fish flavor, without overpowering it. . . The most surprising part of the night: there was a sushi roll that included melted mozzerella. Yes. Mozzerella and salmon. I was SO skeptical of this one, and it took me a few tries to get used to it, but once I did, it was like a warm blanket. If you can push aside the weirdness, it's a good roll. . . Another piece of fabulosity we had was a yellowtail seviche (they do spell it with an "s"). It was tangy but still let the other flavors show, and that is one of the items (along with the sea bass) I will absolutely order again next time I am in Vegas. . . Last, but certainly not least, the waiter concocted a duck hot-pot for us. I've not had much exposure to duck, and was weary of this one, but it was in a buttery sauce with lots of mushrooms, and it was incredibly silky and rich. Needless to say, after all this food, we were STUFFED!!! And of course, very happy. The manager came out to talk to us about the food as well, and I thought that was nice. . . I also tried the cucumber martini and the blackberry mojito. The mojito was good, but not particularly special. The cucumber martini, on the other hand, was light and refreshing and absolutely amazing. . . Sushi Samba is definitely first on my list next time I come to Vegas!
I came back to sushi samba over memorial day weekend and loved it so much that I actually ate there TWICE. The service and staff are incredible. Everyone is really nice, especially the ladies at the bar. The happy hour menu is such a great deal too, $6 for everything (I think there's at least 8 different items to choose from, including 2 different drinks. I recommend the mojito). I loved the salt and pepper squid (a BETTER version of fried calamari), spicy tuna roll, and the yellowtail seviche (it had a really nice ginger flavor to it). The kobe beef tacos were also amazing. As I mentioned in my previous review, the portions are not the biggest, but when you factor in that this is vegas, you are actually getting pretty good bang for your buck. . . They should use maybe brighter lights inside though, it's kind of tucked away and easy to miss, in my opinion. People need to see this place!! :) . . Great prices, great service. I will definitely be back! Thanks sushi samba!
A fantastic experience.. . I took my wife and adult daughter to Sushi Samba.  Things started off a bit dodgie when the ladies at the front screwed up, but everything worked out great.. We think the key to the great experience was our server, CARMINE.  Carmine asked us our price point, inquired as to our likes, dislikes and food allergies and proceeded to turn what could have been a bummer into a remarkable experience.. Great food, try the Yellow Tail Tacos, great service, thank-you Carmine and a very cool vibe.. A fore sure come back.
I don't believe it is possible to give a better rating.  We went to Vegas for my wife's birthday.  The was our last night, and we wanted to go out for the last time.  We had already eating diner a couple of hours before hand.  So we figured we would go for a late night snack.  We went to Sushi Samba, and could not have made a better decision.. . We were pretty indecisive about what to order.  So our waitress suggested that we answer a few of her questions, and she would suggest a meal for us.  That was perfect.  We had the Yellow Tail tacos which was delicious.  Very light, and refreshing.  Then we had the Sea Bass skewers.  Amazing sauce, and was great.  Then we ended up with the Spicy Tuna.  Great meal.  Great suggestions.. . But the topper was the owner Liz.  She came over to our table.  She was very welcoming, and actually talked to us.  I didn't feel as if she was doing it, as part of some shtick.  She was very genuine.  Which was cool. . . We ended the night with a vanilla chocolate cake for my wife's birthday.  Overall great experience.  When we go back to Vegas.  This will definitively be one of our stops.
My Fiancee and I were looking for a sushi place for a late night dinner. We happend to stubble upon this place in the Plazzio. . . The bill for two was about $96, but the quality of the food was AMAZING!. We paid about the same to eat at the Bellagio at Jasmine and this food was about 10 times better tasting.. . The Pork Belly Ramen was so good the meat just melted in your mouth and the broth was just spicy enough to give it a nice kick.. . The Sushi was also great, quality.. . We tried the Yello Tail Tacitos which were pricey for $6 each but def worth at least having one.. . The atmosphere is loud and clubish, but we weren't expecting a romantic night out we just were hungry and this place def delievered on that.
Many of us have probably been to Vegas more times than we'd like to admit.  Heck, one period in my life, I made 4 trips there in a 6 week period!  Still paying for that even today.  Vegas is about the latest clubs, the crazy pool parties, and always the massive selection of fine restaurants.  Coming from the SF Bay Area, I've been lucky enough to be blessed with great cuisine, so, going to Vegas to dine is more about trying out new places and checking out the amazing decor of the restuarants.  Despite this fact, oddly, enough, I have been to Sushi Samba 5 times now and counting!!!  This is the only restaurant that I have been to more than once there minus the late nights at the Grand Lux Cafe...LOL.  But, I think that definitely says something.  This place has the top quality sushi and a very rare pairing of Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian flavors.  I absolutely love the variety of dishes and the friendly and hip feel of the environment.  Just check out the menu and you will know what I mean.  You can do ribeye steak, sushi, oysters on the half shell, porkbelly ramen, Samba cobb salad and sashimi cerviche all in the same place.  Plus, throw in the hip Vegas feel, cool music and presentation and you're in business.  Also, the restaurant is kinda cool to in a way, that it is tucked away from the busy part of the hotel.  Kinda gives you that hidden gem feel.  Anyways, you won't be dissapointed by this place.
I was in Vegas at the beginning of June for a bachelorette party, and we came here on Friday night before going out. I LOVED this place!! First of all, it's gorgeous. It reminded me of a jungle, lots of dark colors. Very pretty.. . Our server was totally sweet. She explained the menu really well and helped me order something I would actually like since I'm not normally a sushi lover. I think the roll I got was the Neo Tokyo. And it was sooo good! Very satisfying flavor, savory and sweet at the same time. A little expensive I thought, but alas.. . Considering there were like 15 of us on a busy night, the service was pretty fast. We got our food and drinks in a really timely manner and I didn't feel like we were sitting around waiting that much.. . A downside was that I felt as though we were surrounded by creepy men, but that's so often par for the course that I can't fault Samba. .  . Very fun place. And really interesting bathrooms.
I stand corrected.. . I was hesitant at first about going back to Sushi Samba due to my terrible experience 2 years ago..but since our hotel was located at the Palazzo and we were crunch for time. Sushi Samba was the way to go.. . I was part of a bachelorette party and we got a tasting menu, I was really impressed about how accommodating they were with me being that I am a vegetarian. . Throughout the night they would not only come by and asked how we were doing but they participated in all the silly tasks that bachelorette had asked for. The manager himself would come out just to bring us a batch of fresh baked cookies and complimentary drinks..even right before we left the bartender came and asked if we wanted another group shot! . . Last time around we were all still very hungry with the itty bitty food we had but Christ, this time around EVERYONE was completely satisfied and beyond full by the end of the meal! . One last thing, WE loooooveeed our Waiter Jimmy! he was so kind and helpful i couldn't ask for more! . . Thank you Sushi Samba for an AWESOME dinner!
My wife and I really liked Sushi Samba and their fushion menu.  We were running late for a show and couldn't wait to be seated in the main restaurant so we sat at the bar at the edge of the restaurant and the mall area as soon as something opened up.  Lara S was our main waitress plus another girl and she was very friendly and helpful in selecting our drinks and menu items.  My wife and I are big St. Germaine liquor fans and we loved the "Chu-Cumber" drink.  Also thought the Tempura green bean appetizer with truffle aioli sauce was yummie.  We had a sampling of sushi and Pacific, El topo, and spicy tuna rolls and all was very good.
I went here last night (4th of July Weekend) for dinner with my man and 4 friends of ours...AMAZING! Our waitress Tanice was absolutely wonderful and she put together a 10 course meal for my table based on our preferances. Every single thing she brought out was pure delight in your mouth...the scallops with pesto sauce were excellent, these small tuna "tacos" were amazing, and the chilean sea bass skewers were the best fish I have ever had, hands down. All entrees were served family style and the brazilian/sushi flare to the food was exciting for my taste buds. We got a shot tower (12 shots) for our table and the cucumber martini and sangria shots that came on it were super delicious. The manager Liza came over, pleasantly introduced herself, and checked our table frequently to make sure our meal was perfect. This place is a must for some fun, fine dining in Las Vegas. The ambience is dark, red and trendy in a classy way. It also was kinda cool to see Shawn Marion sitting at the table next to us. Come eat here and ask for Tanice and Liza: you won't be disappointed.
BBQ sea bass skewers, Peruvian corn, yellow tail terditico, and a cup of miso soup. I could probably eat this every day for the rest of my life and not complain.
Sushi Samba is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Nice ambiance, good music, yummy food, and oh so yummy cocktails. Their samba juice is to die for!!!
Awesome! Our server, Jimmy, helped the four of us put together a dinner of 9 delicious dishes. The sea bass and the cucumber martinis are a must! Jimmy was the best server I've had in a very long time. Thanks for making our dining experience one I'll never forget.
One of the best decorated restaurants I've been to.. The sushi is outstanding.. They put a very unique spin on their ceviches.. I highly recommend the robata.. Especially the Hamachi Kama, their version of Yellowtail collar.. I don't say this about many restaurants, but you have to see thier restrooms while you are there also.
GO THERE. . . I've been 4 times to this Las Vegas location. I have sat twice at a table and twice at the bar, and I have to say, sitting at the bar is the way to go! The waiter I had on my birthday was absolutely terrible. He forgot a dish and then took 30 (no joke) minutes bringing me what was suppose to be a surprise bday dessert. I understand the intent, but it was my bday and XS was calling my name. Oh and, they pour great drinks - a plus and rare practice in Sin City.. . Anyway, the food is worth roughly 10 golden, shining stars. Get the yellowtail taquitos, don't ask questions, JUST GET THEM. You can thank me later. But really, ANYTHING on this menu is decadent. And although it seems pricey, every time I get the check I am surprised at how inexpensive the meal is as a whole.
Date/Time:  Monday - 10pm. Occasion:  Vegasaversary dinner after Phantom . Party of:  Two. Location:  Amongst the shoppes in Palazzo.  Interesting decor.  Dark ambiance.. Ordered:  Roasted Shishito Peppers, Hamachi Tiradito, Miso-glazed Seabass Skewers, Spicy Tuna Roll, Moqueca Mista, and Trio of Sorbet/Ice Cream (green tea, lychee, and vanilla). Total incl gratuity: ~$110. . I am so stunned that Sushi Samba (SS) has an overall rating of 3.5!  It definitely deserved a 5 in my book.  Was pretty blown away by all of their food.  I'm not usually that impressed with Asian fusion but they deserve two thumbs up.  We arrived at 10pm and I was expecting it to be rather dead but it was still busy and happening.  All tables occupied, loud music bumping, and servers running around.. . The BF and I decided on a few dishes to share.  Everything on the menu ranged between $10 - $30.  Granted we ordered a number of different items - for variety and sufficiency - we figured our dinner bill would be a little pricey.  Seeing shisito peppers on the menu, I had to go for it.  I don't know what it is about these little things but I love them.  SS serves them grilled with a splash of lemon and seasalt.  A very good and light starter.  It actually went really well with the lemongrass sauce that was served with the hamachi tiradito.  Don't even get me started on that lemongrass sauce. O.M.Gee. I'm pretty sure there was a hint of crack in that thing because I was drinking that stuff.  It was so incredibly delicious.  When the waitress tried to take my plate away, she noticed how much I was savoring each drip of it so she brought me out a ramekin of it.  Naturally I was dipping everything in that sauce.. . The seabass skewers were just as delectable - melted in my mouth with the perfect flavor of miso.  Highly recommend!  We noticed our neighbor ordered the moqueca mista. It looked delicious and we opted for it as well.  It was the perfect entree.  I couldn't have been more pleased.  The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.  The coconut lime flavor was delicious.. . Seriously, SS is fantastic  I can't emphasize it enough.  Since I've been back home, I've been telling everyone about this place. No joke!  One can only hope that they'll open one in SF.  I'm headed back to Vegas in a week - making my way back there for SURE!
Recipe for the best 30th birthday ever: . - Surprise trip to Vegas . - Bobo Brazil roll (seriously the best roll I've ever had, you must try this one) . - Salt &Pepper Squid (to die for) . - Pork Belly Skewers (if you are a bacon fan, look out) . - Pork Gyoza with pumpkin puree . - A server who cared. Jeff was seriously fabulous and took great care of us. We sat, we ate, we drank, we laughed... and after the surprise desert came out with a sparkler (very cool) we left. . I would definitely suggest this place and would absolutely return!
Delicious drinks and food, and the bar tenders/servers rock! They have a happy hour that starts at 11pm, with the only catch being that you have to eat/drink at the bar. We preferred this as the music inside the restaurant was at night club volume. Our order included Jumbo Shrimp Seviche (amazing), the El Topo roll (it's so unique they trademarked it), the Shrimp Tempura roll, and Shisito peppers. With our food and five drinks later (2 mojitos and 3 caipirinhas), our bill was $65. If you're staying at the Palazzo or anywhere in Vegas for that matter, it's definitely worth a visit.
I had an AMAZING dinner here for my Bachelorette Party! I've been to Sushi Samba in Miami & was happy to be back. The vibe is very upbeat with a club feel & the food is a unique fusion of South American & Japanese...who would of thought?? Our server was Matt & not only was he attractive but he was kind enough to serve us a penis cake with sparkler candles...AWESOME! We heard about their "secret" prix fix menu here, so we decided to go with it. Our server asked us a bunch of questions about our preferences & food allergies to gage what type of menu we would receive. It didn't matter because EVERTHING they served us was absolutely great.  Here is a run down of what we had: . . -Green Bean Tempura (light & crunchy) . -Shishita Peppers (could eat a pound of these everyday) . -Pork Gyoza (savory with a wonderful sweet potato puree underneath) . -Yellowtail Sashimi (So fresh with a lovely sauce underneath) . -Lobster taco (good but doesn't knock my socks off like the others) . -Rock Shrimp Tempura (ummm...so good cant even begin to describe) . -Chilean Sea Bass & Chicken Teriyaki Skewers served with Peruvian Corn (Sea Bass was like BUTTER, Chicken was OK, couldn't stop eating the corn...think corn on steriods) . -Rolls (We got a variety, don't remember exactly but they were all very fresh) . That basically sums up our heavenly experience at Sushi Samba. Our bill was pretty hefty after all was said & done. But it was totally worth it....I will be back! This time sans penis cake ;) Thanks Matt!!!
We were promised a "dining experience", and that's what we got!. . A group of 6 of us came here, and we were instantly charmed by our server, Michael. He recommended a custom "dining experience" for about $50-60 per person, based on our likes and dislikes. Food just kept coming out and we had no idea what to expect, but Michael really hit the nail on the head with everything he picked for us.. . Some of the highlights:. . - yellowtail tacos. - yellowtail in lemongrass sauce. - sea bass (I don't eat sea bass, but my friends were raving about it!). The Peruvian corn that came with it was excellent . - some kind of steak, cooked medium rare served with rice and beans. - a sushi platter with spicy tuna, California, and shrimp tempura rolls. . Sushisamba is really great for groups, and since you can customize a meal based on your budget, it can be relatively affordable, too. And every dish was amazing! I definitely recommend it, and hope to try brunch at one of their NYC locations.
Love this place.  The sushi is fresh with unique dipping sauces.  We went twice in two days because of freshness, flavors, and service.  They have two happy hours before 7:00pm and after 11:00pm. $6 apps that are fabulous. Get the salt and pepper squid and the yellowtail, salmon tacos (not what u think) We sat at the bar both times and Jennifer was the best.  She knows the menu and the drinks. Gave us great tips on food and saki.  We eat sushi twice a week and wish this was at home.
We were in Vegas this past weekend and decided to check out Sushi Samba.  We did the tasting "omakase" menu and it was a hit with everyone on the table.  We got a nice sampling of everything there, it was all superb.  My favorite were the yellowtail tacos, yumm!  Most of all, we had a really great waitress, unfortunately i can't remember her name but she was very well informed and on top of it and she's the reason i'm giving this place 5 stars.
So, I had to go here for a date. Well, he has been asking me for a date a while and I finally found time. And good time it was spend. I spend a lot of sushi on his credit card, and it was so worth it! The sushi not the date :). . It was SO freaking delicous, fresh unbelieavable for sure! The staff is very attentative.. But, its rather expensive, so make sure you have a date with a lot of money :)
My boyfriend and I found this place while we were in vegas for Sema. Normally we would have just ordered our usual sushi rolls and whatever we were familiar with. Thank goodness the server stepped in and said, just tell me what you like, what you're allergic to, and how much you want to spend, and i can put together a great dinner for you. So we let him take the reigns and it was AMAZING. he brought several courses of Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian dishes and everything was delicious. I was so glad to be able to try foods ive never had before. I dont even remember everything that we ate, but i do remember the donut holes for dessert. they were soo good! at the end of the night we probably spent about $50 per person and it was all worth it for such an awesome dining experience.
For the true foodie, the only way to enjoy SushiSamba is omikase paired with a sake flight. Both off the menu. You set the price (minimum $60 to sky's the limit for the max) and turn it over to the waitstaff who will take excellent care of you. I enjoyed the subtle inquiry and the detailed, passionate manner as each dish was described. A definite oral escapade and fun for the sight, smell, and sound (lava rock searing). Dessert is not as strong as the savory dishes, but when paired with the coconut sake...YUMMY.
This restaurant caught my eye because it was something out of the ordinary from your typical sushi restaurant. The menu offered an intriguing variety but when I began reading the reviews I knew I had to try it. I would suggest anyone going there for the first time to try the dining experience because you may think you know what you want but the chef knows better! The server asks if there is anything you do not like or if you have any food allergies and then how much money per person you're looking to spend. There are options anywhere from $50 per person to $130 per person if Kobe Beef if something that interests you. As it was for a special occasion we opted for $80 per person and even though thats more than I have probably ever spent on a single meal there were no regrets.. . Course #1 consisted of Berkshire Pork Gyoza which is basically pork dumplings in a pumpkin puree and Yellowtail Ceviche Taquitos, both of which were absolutely delicious and not necessarily something I would have ordered on my own.. . Course #2 was Yellowtail Sashimi in a spicy Peruvian sauce with a slice of red jalapeno on top and Octopus Sashimi in a Japanese citrus sauce which again were both to DIE for!. . Course #3 had an array of filet mignon, sea bass, king crab and Peruvian corn. All were moist and tender but the sea bass absolutely melted in your mouth! Peruvian corn was a yummy alternative to traditional corn as well.. . Finally, Course #4 was the main sushi dinner. Shrimp tempura rolls were delicious, but the spicy tuna with i believe tuna on top was absolutely amazing! There was also Maine lobster and another roll which I believe had lobster in it as well and was probably the only thing of the entire dinner that I was not absolutely amazed with, but it was still good!. . Another great thing about this place is they tell you if there is anything throughout this meal you do not like they will take it back and bring you something else! As our server said, "Its like a money back guarantee!". . Anyways this is definitely a place I would tell everyone who loves trying new things to try or even just the sushi lover. DO IT! It will not disappoint!. . Only part I would complain about is the fact that there is NOT one in California!!!
Good drinks. Great food. Good music. Great service. Nothing bad to say about this place -- . This place was seriously the best place on the strip I've ever eaten. The perfect fusion of Peruvian, Brazilian, and Japanese on point. Sea bass skewers, Roasted duck with mushrooms, the Brazilian BBQ, the mango mojitos, Brazilian pilsner....everything that touched our table was absolutely amazing. Our waiter was Carmeine and he did a perfect job of picking out all of our courses for us. If your in a big group and its your first time there, I highly recommend asking for Carmeine and letting him chose your dishes for you. He paired everything perfectly. Will definitely  be back again. Next we're looking forward to the Kobe steak that gets cooked on a hot rock on your table.
Sushi Samba is the best it can get! The Chef's tasting menu is the way to go. I can't even fully describe how amazing everything we had was. We started off with the Edamame, Shisito and Green Bean Tempura. The Shishito are seared and roasted peppers, which were spicy but good. The tempura was amazing with this black truffle alioli that I wanted to drizzle on everything!. . Then came chicken gyoza, which was so tender on top of pumpkin puree. Before we knew it they were bringing out rolls, one tuna and one with fresh crab. I was starting to feel full, when all of a sudden came the miso sea bass and beef tenderloin skewers. They were served with this peruvian corn that I haven't been able to stop thinking about since.The kernels are the size of quarters!  And I didn't even get to mention the nice cocktail list until now, so you know the food was good.. . All in all it was one of the best meals I've had in a really long time. They also had a similar sized spread for my friend who is a vegetarian and graciously agreed to go with us.
Chef's tasting was the best! If you go to Vegas and you like sushi you MUST stop here. Waitress was wonderful and very helpful!
This was my third time at a sushi samba and never have I ever been disappointed! So it is about time I write a review! The BoBo Brazil roll and El Topo roll is always excellent. There is gold flakes on them and it just melts in your mouth! There cucumber martini is also so delicious! Must try if you like fancy sushi!. . 2nd review: I went here again in Sept. of 2012 and had amazing food and service all around! Never dissapointed here!
This place is probably the best sushi I've ever had. We shared 4 different rolls and I loved all of them! Sorry I don't remember the names, but I'm pretty sure you won't be disappointed in anything you order. I love the Peruvian food options on the menu as well. Purple potatoes, yummy! My favorite roll was the one with pear in it. I know, who would've thought pear would be good in a sushi roll but man, it was to die for. . . The decor was also very unique. They artwork on the wall was something to look at. I was also very impressed by the fast service right in the middle of the lunch rush on a Sunday. This place is for sure a must try while on the strip!
I went TWICE on my trip to Vegas. That's how good it was. Good sushi, good sake and martinis! I would describe the ambiance as contemporary. It was super crowded bothtimes we went (Friday and Saturday night), so I'd suggest making reservations if you are going on the weekend. Our waitress on Friday night wasn't that great, but the service was awesome Saturday night.. . The only complaint I have is the birthday dessert...it sucked.
Amazing sushi and interesting cocktails!  Staff was friendly and prompt, atmosphere very fun.  Order the tuna tataki!  Some of the best sushi I've ever had.  Will definitely be returning next time I'm in Vegas.
Peruvian, Brazilian, Japanese fusion eats..... . Located in the Palazzo, I enjoyed everything here except the ramen.  . . Vibe is nice, unique artwork displayed, staff was attentive.  Prices are a bit high and the portions are small (unless you get an entree, which looked like a decent size from what we saw at our neighbor's table) but it's vegas and the food is at least delicious!  I liked how clean the food tasted (except the ramen) and I didn't feel heavy or greasy after.  Just content and happy! . . NAY. * Berkshire pork belly ramen- flavor was kinda blah, noodles under al dente, yah this was just not working and it was 18 bucks.  Fail.  Don't order ramen here, I"m thinking it's just not the place for it?. . YAY. *Raspberry mojito....loved it!. *Yellowtail jalapeno and lemongrass 14.00---delicious with a nice kick to the sauce...4 pieces of yellowtail that melt in your mouth.  . *Kanpachi yuzu, sea salt, black truffle oil 17.00--this fish is a yellowtail that melts in your mouth, great sauce.  4 pieces.. *Whole Squid lemon aioli 9.00--this was good but nothing wow. *Hamachi Kama key lime and su-shoyu 12.00- loved.  4 pieces.. *Sea bass and miso-16.00----this was my fave.  Flavor was great and the sea bass just melts in your mouth.  Two skewers plus some Peruvian corn that looks like the hominy from pozole.. *BoBo Brazil* seared wagyu beef, avocado, kaiware, shiso, red onion, chimichurri- 17.00---first time having beef in my sushi and it was good. Regular size role,  great combo in my mouth.
This place is the only reason why I want to go back to Vegas!!! the sushi is amazing, the ceviche taco's are mouth-watering. The seabass and lobster tail are scrumptious!! There wasn't one thing that was put on our table that wasn't delectable. Oh and the watermelon martinis are phenomenal! If it wasn't for our waiter MAX I don't think I would of had such a great experience. :)
First off the food was Amaaaazing. The hanger steak (as part of the 3 meat) was luscious, the mutant corn was delicious as were the rolls that we got. But the best part for me (a newly gluten-free diner) was that they were soooo knowledgeable about the menu and knew how to make adjustments to accomodate me. They switched out sauces, made replacements here and there, had gluten free soy sauce and acted like it was NORMAL, not like i was some crazy person. I heart Sushi Samba.
The experience was different and I absolutely adored the service, the food and the presentation of this place.  It's a happening place for Peru/Japanaese cuisine.  Waiters were quick to respond and checked on us at the right times.  Water was always filled and food was delicious!. . First off, YAMATO Roll....fatty tuna with foie gras and cavier with good flecks?  Heck yah!  How much more delicious can you get with this roll?  The Green Envy roll, and the Bobo Brazil were always very good!  The tuna tataki was also amazing.  . . For my birthday, they gave us a shot tree the bartender concocted for us.  Also another great drink was this drink with jalopengo in it.  I don't remember the name, but it was a nice kick!  :)  YUMMMM!  I can't wait to come back again!  Thanks sushisamba waiters and bartenders!
This place was amazing.  My friends and family took me there for my birthday and I was totally blown away.  It was such a unique food experience that we honestly didn't know what to order.  We had the best waiter and he was extremely knowledged of the complete menu, preparation of each dish and all of the ingredients.  We were able to give him a price point average of what we wanted to spend per guest, our likes and dislikes, and he was able to put together a beautiful 5 course meal.  All of the food was amazing and the manager even came to the table to wish me a happy birthday with complimentary cocktails.  The atmosphere was beautiful, very laid back and relaxing.  I will definitely be going back and I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to enjoy new variations of seafood.
The sea bass was delicious! All you can taste is the miso though. . Peruvian corn wasn't that flavorful, but it was interesting... Think corn kernels on steroids! . The el topo roll was SO GOOD. Best sushi roll I've ever had! I also tried the bobo brazil roll and it was definitely NOT as good as the el topo. The server recommended adding cream cheese to it next time. . I think I also got some kind of steak dish, can't remember what it was called but they did a good job on cooking it medium.. The fries come in a little wooden box. It was cute.. Service is great, I've been here twice and I'd definitely go again!
Amazing! If u want good services and drinks here is the place to be! My server Allen h. Was everything u could ask for, personable, nice and connective! I can honestly say his service was what made my day. Ok ok enough about the service onto the food!. Decor is simple, nothing to rate a craze experience over but satisfying! I got the Kobe small meal, worthy of experts!! And the tuna (maguro) is fresh and satisfying while tasting the quality of fish. Then the melt in ur mouth Kobe.....let's just say I'm coming back tomorrow! . Allen has been in the business and knows the INS and outs, get him as ur server and u will become a regular!!!!!
The best sushi around. Very expensive, but worth it. Yellowtail teradito, Peruvian corn, BBQ sea bass, edamame, and some miso soup if u want to keep it light. Rolls are great too, but there is so much just go and let the waiter/waitresses take care of you.
There are so many reviews for this place- I'll keep it short:. . . Yamato roll, let's be together forever.
We were at Sushi samba for dinner the day after Christmas - one of the best restaurants.  The Kobe beef sashimi was to die for.  I ended getting a 2nd order and I was already full.  . Everything was great - the food was excellent.  Great service.  Very accommodating.  I just wished that there will be one in the bay area soon!
This place is SOOO good!!!. When we first walked in, the decor is super pretty. Place looks really trendy and it was packed on a Wednesday night. Ambience is very hip and is perfect for a date night or girls night out.. . DRINKS. NINA FRESA - our server recommended this drink and its super yummy! its a vodka cocktail drink with strawberries and guava.. . FOOD. SALMON SEVICHE - excellent seviche... the sauce has a tangy pineapple taste mixed with a little bit of spice because of the jalapenos. really good appetizer.. . BERKSHIRE PORK BELLY ROBATA - i think this is the best out of everything that we ordered. the pork belly is super fatty on the outside (but in a good way) and just melts in your mouth. it has a sweet/salty glaze on top of the meat. this dish is just amazing. i highly recommend this dish.. . LAMB CHOP ROBATA - good dish but since they served it with the pork belly, this dish was overshadowed.. . BOBO BRAZIL - not your typical sushi roll because they put seared beef on top! this roll is super good though!!! i really recommend this one too.. . SAMBA STRIP ROLL - out of all the dishes that we had, i was least impressed with this roll. i ordered it because of the maine lobster but the portion is super small and the taste is bland compared to the price ($19.00). if you really wanna try this dish, i suggest you skip the sauce because it overpowers the maine lobster.. . Service is okay and I notice the waitress did not course our meals... Refill on drinks is also a bit slow.. However, I would definitely go back to this place if ever I'm back in Las Vegas. :)
Fantastic flavors, quality service, squishy seating just about sums up my experience. Went here on Saturday night and enjoyed the overall experience. My friend and I started with Miso soup. Then, when looking at the menu, my friend raved about sea bass. I said I wasn't sure if I've had it... this time was memorable. Before we ordered, we asked the waitress what she recommended. She mentioned the Sea Bass and Miso robato to share and a few rolls. We picked one roll not on the menu and the BoBo Brazil. Nom Nom Nom We loved it all. The skewers of sea bass were delicate with nicely flavored sauce. It came with giant corn pieces that were sort of fun and different. The BoBo Brazil roll was very nice - I think I had this particular roll at the Chicago location, the Kobe beef gets me. The sauce on this one was a bit tangy and citrus-y. I think there were The roll that was not on the menu had tempura shirmp inside with crab on top with thinly sliced avocado. The flavors and textures were incredible. Highly recommend this place for a nice meal. My only issue was with the seating. The hostess had to literally shift over the table each tiem she sat a new couple - we were in a tight area full of tables for two. We came on a busy Saturday night, so I also recommend reservations.
Pretty good food, we came here for my friend's birthday on our last night in Vegas and we got 3 items, their famous Seabass fish skewers, Sushi and Sashimi Combo platter, and the 5 meats combo. . . The first two came out really early and we finished them with ease, the Seabass is world class (but only two pieces each). The Sushi and Sashimi platter was very good as well. . . The best in my opinion since I'm a huge meat eater was the 5 meat combo platter, they came with sausage, pork, steak. My favorite was definitely the steak! . . The price all together came out to $100 not including tip. Well worth it I'd say as the 5 meat combo really filled us up (3 guys). . . I'll probably be back in the future. . . PS there was so weird video of like 1970's footage playing in the background and thought I'd mention that.
I'd give six stars as well. . Eating at Samba Sushi becomes an experience: the interior is more than nice, the reception is great. The service is impeccable: when we were walking to the restaurant, we were wondering whether we'd get the same waitress as the previous  time and ... bingo: hello gentlemen, my name is Isabella and I will be taking care of you tonight, shall I make a suggestion? . . As last time we let her compose us a menu and dish after dish we were wow-ing and oh-my-gosh-this-is-good-ing. She combined a more than delicious menu with the best Sake, had time for a joke and made sure we had a great dinner.. . The sushi was the best we'd had this time in Vegas and the meat was the tenderest. Try the beef with the seven Japanese mushroom sauce! Or better, just let the waitress pick your menu!
At first I didn't know about this place because it is located in the middle of a mall, almost, but the bartender was very inviting and the drinks were great!. . We stayed for some dinner afterwards and had some unbelievable sushi!
classy. dim. convenient. tons of LCD tvs. great food.. . i recommend the 25$ teriyaki chicken. the way sushisamba prepares chicken teriyaki is unlike any restaurant that ive ever been to. i was expecting some cookie cutter skimpy chicken teriyaki. but to my surprise the chicken teriyaki came on top of a pile of purple mash potatoes and tasted AMAZING. the chicken was flavored perfectly and.. it melted in my mouth. moist, juicy, tender, man did i enjoy chewing that day. in combination with the mash potatoes makes for a most savory dish. . . sushi is also a good option here. sushisamba sushi comes lightly wrapped in rice rather than how sushi restaurants ordinarily fill their rolls with rice. i liked that. it accentuated the other ingredients such as kobe beef, caviar etc. we pretty much ordered all the rolls and each one was different from the next. although i cant say i enjoyed the kobe beef one as it was kind of bland. also, i wouldnt recommend the oysters because its quite ordinary.
Awesome experience - great food, funky ambiance, fun vibe.. Highly recommend the yellowtail crispy taquitos, sashimi tiradito (kanpachi with yozu sauce), side of peruvian corn, Green envy and Carnaval rolls. The cava float cocktail, Beijo, was also delicous (more on the sweet side). We went there twice in two days - look forward to going there again next time we're in Vegas!
Perfect for large parties. You can give your server a per person budget, and they will design the menu accordingly. We did a 20 person party at $40 a person, and everyone went away satisfied. They will also accomodate dietary restrictions and preferences. For example, two guests didn't want any sushi, so they compensated with extra meat dishes for them. . . For dessert, you MUST try the Churros and Hot Cocoa... Heaven!
One word . Wow........
If you want to try some sushi that's prepared with a delightful spin then this place is perfect for you. The atmosphere resembles a club more than a high class restaurant.  It's filled with fast-paced dance music and most of the guests are dressed like they are ready for the club after dinner. . . The defining feature of the restaurant comes from its mixture of Japanese and Brazilian cuisine. Our server recommended the seviches and tiraditos; since we couldn't decide which one to get we ordered both! Seviches are sashimi served in a fruit/salsa. We had tiger shrimp in a mango salsa and tuna with grapefruit and jalapenos. The sashimi was super fresh and I loved the fruit/salsa combo.  It was sweet and refreshing. Tiraditos are sashimi immersed in a tangy sauce, probability the only dish I wasn't too fond of though.  The sauce was too sour and it overwhelmed the fish. . . If eating an endangered animal does not affect your conscience I would highly recommend the Chilean sea bass skewers. The fish was amazing, the meat practically flakes off on its own and the unagi sauce was so Umami! . . I saved the best for last. imagine eating all of the finest food: foie gras, caviar and gold?!?! all in one bite. Hurry to Sushisamba and order the Yamato roll.  At first the combination of those above ingredient wrapped in a tuna roll may seem excessive, but it absolutely worked.  It is the best roll I ever had.  The caviar and gold were subtle, but the foie gras, infused its smoky buttery flavor to an otherwise ordinary but fresh tuna roll, made it special. I would like to add, the foie gras was one of the finest I have ever eaten and it came from a SUSHI restaurant.. . Try Sushisamba if you are in Vegas to get a delectable and unique sushi experience.
You heard that I was starting over with someone new,. They told you I was moving on over you,. You didn't think that I'd come back ,i'd come back swinging. You try to break me but you see...at SUSHI SAMBA! - Kelly Clarkson (stronger). . This place is amazing! The restaurant is dark and fun and there's a lot of menu choices. I chose the sea bass with a soy glaze and a bunch of different vegetables and it was really good. The food came out in a very timely manner as well as service was spot on. I also ordered some dessert thingie with dark chocolate and white chocolate mousse with ice cream and sprinkles of small chocolate balls on top. . . Since this is vegas ill explain a little of my ratings for each one:. Food: 5 stars - no complaints at all, very good. Service: 5 stars - fulfilled all my requests and did so in a very timely manner. Atmosphere: 5 stars - nice and dark and cozy. Price (value): 4 stars -It compares with all the other restaurants out there that look like this
I'm not a huge fan of "fusion," but I've got to say, this is my favorite restaurant in Vegas, bar nun.  The Rock Shrinp Tempura is simply amazing; sort of a "buffalo" wing type spicy taste, a little crisp, tender and spectacular.    The Lobster taquitos, wth Lemon and avodaco....!!!!!  Who invented this?!?  Spectabulus!  And their Sushi, itself, is a s fresh, fragrant, and laced with texture as good as any place I've eaten.
We had the BEST dinner, and I mean BEST dinner I've ever had at SushiSamba Las Vegas.  I've eaten at their NY location and it was great, but this was literally one of the best meals I've ever had.   . . First, make sure you get Isabella as your waitress.  She is fantastic, and took great care of us.  . . Second, let her do the ordering for you.   Just set her loose and let her take over.  This is absolutely key!  . . She brought out the best mix of foods and everything just paired so well together.   . . She started us with a plate of sushi, and then some BBQ, and then back to fish, and on and on.   Each plate complemented the next dish so perfectly, plus she kept the drinks filled.. . We had to be rolled out of there, and I felt like I could have kept eating it was so good.. . There are a lot of places to eat at in Vegas, but it was so good that we had to come back the next night for another round.
This place made me feel like a rock star. Go to the one in Chicago, or in Vegas and you WILL have one of the best meals of your entire live!. . Make your res on OpenTable and get in no prob.
BEST JAPANESE FUSION I'VE EATEN....EVER!!!! With my husband being Japanese, he has very high standard for Japanese food. We absolutely LOVED this place! We ordered 5 different things from the main dinner menu and it was all AMAZING! The chocolate banana cake for dessert is to die for! So in love with this place. I can't wait to visit Vegas again just to eat there!
Treat yourself and your friends and Eat Here!. If you suggest this place, your friends and loved ones will be forever thankful.. . Conveniently, located inside the Palazzo, SushiSamba is one word, amazing!. It not only offers great food, but you get to dine in a cool setting in an awesome Hotel.. The tables are kinda cramped, but the great food and great service are worth dealing with the minor inconvenience. . . I definitely recommend the small plates and the Miso Sea Bass. Delicious!. Utilize Opentable, and you won't have to wait for a table.
Something for everyone- try the seered wagu beef appetizer
Best sushi place in town.  The rolls are fresh and unique.  The environment is pretty cool.  Only one issue... the music is always too loud.
amazing food! amazing drink menu! high $$ but definitely worth it!
The food was inspired, delicious and beautifully presented. The atmosphere was classy, and yet sexy. The service was perfect. I had one of the best meals--actually one of the best experiences, I've had in years. Bravo!
Wow! This was definitely the highlight of our trip!  The atmosphere is amazing, very cool and hip.  Our waitress was probably the best we've ever had; she was friendly, fast, and so helpful with recommending items from the menu.  . . We had the Edamame to start, and they were perfectly done with a delicious sprinkle of sea salt & lime. Miso soup was yummy.   We then tried the Beef Tenderloin and Aji Panca, and the Peruvian corn was scrumptious!  We had a Samba Strip Roll & a Green Envy roll... OMG, so good!  . . For dessert we had the Chocolate Fondue.  Such a cute presentation, and simply adelicious finish to our meal.. . When we got our bill, we were surprised at how much we had spent, but we both agreed it was completely worth every penny! Best meal we've had in Vegas, by far!
Wife and I found this place in September and hit it 3 times in 3 days. Back in December and now tonight. Mari at bar is the bomb. Not only is food excellent, service is awesome.  Just witnessed them staff jump on customer service issue. Love this place. .
Cannot say enough good things about this spot!  We came here for happy hour, which had cheap caiprinhas and small plates at the bar!  We ordered some steak skewers, a shrimp appetizer, and an umeshisho roll.  The apps were awesome (as ere the $6 caiprinhas and cucumber martini!), but they were out of umeshisho rolls.  The manager and bartender went way out of their way to make up for it, comping our martini, offering a free set of kobe beef tacos (to DIE for) and another pair of free drinks made with muddled strawberries.  Girly?  Undoubtedly.  Delicious?  Ohhh yeah!
This was the BEST!!! The food was freakin awesome! Our waitress was really flirty & friendly. We had her create our menu. She made great recommendations & coordinated a great fusion of everything from appetizers & entrees. Everything tasted sooo delicious. I loved the sushi, coconut rice and the mini taco. It took awhile for the food to come but the ambiance was entertaining & it was worth waiting for.
I have dined here 4 times in the last four months! The food is outstanding. Gotta try the Porkbelly Ramen, and their Tempura batter, which they make themselves is so light and tasty. The service has been great every time. Celebrated our daughter's 21st birthday and they made it very memorable! Highly recommend!
This is my favorite sushi fusion restaurant!  I have been to all their locations: Vegas, Chicago, NYC x2, Miami, and even Tel Aviv.  I love each and everyone and am always left satisified.  Being from LA, I make it a priority each time I am in one of these cities to go to Sushi Samba.  I always get the same staple items: Peruvian Corn, Shishito peppers, yellow tail taquitos, Neo Tokyo Roll, and random other things I am in the mood for.  On top of their amazing food, I love their drinks.  I'm a huge mojito lover and they have one of the best mojitos I have ever had.  The service is always great and the atmosphere is always fun!  Great place to go when in Vegas.  Music was also amazing.
This may go down in the annals as one of the best meals of my life. I knew as soon as I read the description for SushiSamba that the fusion thing would provide the party atmosphere I wanted for my birthday dinner and I was right!. . We started with the cocktail tower at the suggestion of our server (whose name I can't remember because I suck and she was AWESOME) who also provided an additional taste on the house. AMAZING. . . So I'm sure you've heard of fish tacos. But have you heard of yellowtail taquitos?! These were freaking amazing. Mini tacos filled with insanely flavorful yellowtail sashimi and a bunch of other yummy stuff. GET THEM. Besides, baby tacos? Cute. We ordered a bunch of other small plates and a ton of sushi, the names of which I cannot remember. The shrimp ceviche and crab gyoza were also amaaaaazzzzinnnnggg! . . Because it was my birthday, I was surprised with a sparkling (literally, there was a sparkler sticking out of it) dessert that I was nice enough to share.. . Everything about SushiSamba was on-point, from the food to the service to the atmosphere. It was so much fun and the best way to celebrate a birthday.. . P.S. Did I say AMAZING enough?
We celebrated my birthday thisyear at SushiSamba and it was exceptional. The best way to enjoy the menu here is to ask the waiter order the food for you. . . If you give them a set $$ amount that you want to spend they really stay within that figure and help you enjoy a variety of their dishes. More than you probably would if you tried to attempt on your own. . . Starting off the meal was a trio of veggie dishes including Green Bean Tempura with Black Truffle Oil. Happiness. We all loved that and ended up dipping everything we could into the Truffle Oil.. . For the main course we had a selection of 5 different meats with a variety of dipping sauces including two types of chimichurri, one red and one green. The red had more of a vinegar flavor to it. Different than traditional but still delicious.. . Sides included collard greens and peruvian corn. . . As a last course we were given 3 large cut rolls of sushi including the El Topo. A must if you want to experience salmon and crispy onions together. Very different and quite delicious. . . Obviously we had cocktails as it was my birthday, so my sister and I both ordered the Chu Cumber "chu-tini" and it was beyond. Anything with elderflower in it is refreshing and light and makes me want to jump on a plane to the most lazy, tropical destination possible.. . The waiter also threw in a sparkling (literally) Coco Duo dessert for my birthday. . . Service was great and we were all a very happy group by the time we headed out to see Jabbawokeez!!
If you're willing to spend a little more on sushi, Sushisamba will be the only place you go to eat sushi from now on. Who would have ever thought that Japanese/Brazilian fusion would taste so delicious. . . Hands down, the Samba strip is the best sushi roll I have ever had in my life. Literally, after I went on my birthday I had dreams about the roll for the next week. Lobster, mangos, chives, rice, and peanut curry are my new found addiction. Realize that you only live once and because of that you deserve to try the better things in life. You have not lived until you have had two samba strips! Contrast the sushi with the five meats churrasco for a truly excellent meal.
Best sushi in town. Service is always the best and management very professional. Chef Bobby as well as the excecutive chef are very friendly and great cooks. All around best place to eat and have a great time. As for ther bartenders they are all great ....Theres one that is super short i think his name is Yaz like the birth control whos not able to reach when hes done making a drink so he has to ask a taller bartender to hand us our drinks. But about his drinks he makes are amazing! Hes just short!!!!!!!!!!! Liza is the best there as well handles everything very professional and gives great big hugs even the first time she meets you! great place
If you're not willing to read the extended version of my review, just know this.... If you are a true sushi enthusiast, you must go to Sushi Samba to experience the most PHENOMENAL SUSHI ever!. . My boyfriend and I got to Sushi Samba at around 12am on Saturday. It was packed with pretty people and the DJ was bumpin' the beats! We didn't need a reservation and were seated quickly. If you're like us and willing to splurge on a palate party sensation, then continue on with reading my review.. . We were greeted by our fabulously bubbly (*not in an annoying way*) and knowledgeable server Isabella Monstrous (she gave me her business card *how cute is that*). She recommended the Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos (they look more like mini tacos really)...man was she SPOT ON! These little tasty tacos were filled with fresh yellowtail pieces that were swimming in spicy aji panca sauce and fresh lime! They were so delish we decided to get a second order. Then we continued on our tasting tour with the following dishes that were the highlights of our night (we ordered more than this, but I don't want to write a colossal review):. . * Assortment of four - *My Favorites!!!. o Yellowtail (Jalapeno and lemon grass)*. o Kanpachi (Yuzu, sea salt, black truffle oil*). o Tuna (granny smith apple, serrano, lime)*. o Salmon (orange and mustard miso). . * Seared Wagyu Beef* (ponzu gelee, warm japanese mushroom, truffled tofu crema). o This was my absolute favorite thing of the night!!!! This sauce was amazing over the Coconut Rice (flavors were savory, not sweet, coconut flavor was not over powering). The Wagyu beef was so buttery and melted in my mouth. . * Rock Shrimp (creamy and crispy deliciousness). * Dessert - Samba Split. o I cannot even begin to describe how exceptional this dessert was! I was pretty tipsy by the end of our dinner thanks to a 720 bottle of Komotsuru sake ($115, but so worth it, fruity, light flavor and gold flakes don't come cheap). All I remember is decadent coconutty and dulce de leche creamy goodness! Seriously, when I took my first bite it was like..."COME ON, REALLY?" I wanted to get another. Thank goodness for my boyfriend's fatty prevention intervention! Good lookin' out my man!. . Overall we loved this place because the tapas style servings were perfect for a couple who wanted to try a little of everything. Their Brazilian play on sushi fusion is quite genius and it works! . . The restaurant is bright and beautiful and most importantly the attentive and knowledgeable servers and wait staff make your meal so much more enjoyable! Our bill including tip was over $400, but I truly feel like it was worth every penny! My boyfriend and I will definitely be going back to Sushi Samba the next time we're in Vegas!
Went for my first time with a group of 7 and was blown away at the service, ambiance and not to mention the food was AH-MAZING. I've been to a lot of top notch sushi restaurants, and this was probably the most unique concept with Japanese/Brazilian/Peruvian inspired dishes. . . With a group of 7 with a variety of tastes, likes and dislikes, one of the best things Sushi Samba does is offer a chef's selection of 3 or 4 courses based on (A) how much each person wants to spend (we chose $40/person) and (B) what each person likes, dislikes, is allergic to, etc. and (C) how many courses (we did 3).. . We didn't know what to expect, but the first course/starters came out and there was a piece of each starter for each person (don't you hate when there is an odd number?!) and the girl who likes chicken over fish got a steak skewer instead of raw tuna. The second course included this fabulous Peruvian grilled and butter sauteed corn that I am seriously in love with. Each kernel is the size of your index fingernail, sweet and lightly grilled for a slight chewy texture. Where can I find this at my local grocer or farmers market?! The third course included a variety of sushi including non-fish, non-raw rolls for the non-fish eaters in our group. . . We were a hungry bunch and left very happy. Bring your appetite because the portions are nice. Service was 5 stars with attentive staff start to finish. Our server came by regularly to check-in, the staff orchestrated plate and settings changes after each course, and we even got a complimentary strawberry vodka drink on the house.
My Fiancee had been to both the NYC and Miami Sushisambas, so she wanted to try the Las Vegas one. I had been to neither, but was happy to tag along. . . I'm glad I did! It was great. I was wasn't sure what to expect, but everything from the edamame to the gyoza was great. The whitetail taquitos were really good, and different from anything I had tried before. The best dish was the chicken terriaki skewers. Probably the best chicken skewers I've ever had. . . I will gladly go back.
We were in Vegas and this sushi spot is off the hook we got the $40 per person option and they brought us Brazilian food Portuguese food and sushi and everything was amazing specially the sea bass. If your in Vegas and want good food this is the place but just to let you know before hand it's a bit pricey. For 8 people with two bottles of hot sake and three bottles of Asa hi beer the total was like $700
I do have to say, with the omakase, you definitely get quite a bit.  I wouldn't want to look at the bill, but the food was amazing. . . The kobe a8 marbled slices of beef cooked on a hot stone slab was a perfect touch.  The sauces provided on the side hurt the flavor a little for those who just crave the taste of marbled soft juicy beef.  I guess anyone that serves this kind of food would get raving reviews because it's just that good.. . The sushi was okay, but the gold flakes on one of the rolls added a great effect.  The rolls were not much to speak about.. . We were put in the backroom which started out quiet with a small amount of groups, but it got a little busier, but not too loud.
Wonderful!  We had the sashimi/seviche sampler and the Churrasco Rio Grande (with linguica, brisket and pork).  Service was quick, the food was excellent.  We ended up receiving chorizo rather than the linguica with our sampler, the server quickly brought us the linguica in addition.  The sashimi sampler was really the highlight.  Complex flavors, but perfectly balances.  A great special night out.  The drinks were great as well.
My friends and I were strolling through the Palazzo last evening looking for some good eats.  We were pulled in by stunning smells illuminating from Sushi Samba's cozy corner restaurant.  Service from the start was top notch.  We decided to sit bar-side.  The sous chef, Robert, came out and gave us a personal welcome for our first visit; followed by a generous on-the-house appetizer.  Sea Scallop with pesto magic.  One bite was packed full of a fresh, balanced flavor that took my taste buds to a place they haven't been in many years.  After one bite, I knew we had come to the right place.. . On recommendation from the chef - we ordered Sea Bass with veggies and a sweet miso drizzle.  Now to me, Sea Bass if very rarely billed as a "main course" but wow - this dish was spectacular.  A must try for any fan of the sea.  The cocktails are inventive, unique and balanced.  Try one of their special Sake Martini's - tastes like you've never had before.  . . Sushi Samba is the real deal.  They made it perfectly clear that the restaurant intends to better serve their customers and grow it's gourmet creations .  All of their products are the pinnacle of fresh.  No doubt restocked daily.  The presentation of everything from drinks to dinner was carefully crafted with intention and purpose.  Quick service and an aim-to-please attitude top to bottom made us feel more like we were clients than customers.. . We ended the night with a round of delicious fruit sake cocktails and a heart-felt thank you to Allen, the manager on duty.  In my opinion, the pricing is quite appropriate given the freshness, quality, service and atmosphere.  They nailed it, BRAVO!. . So if you're a fan of fine dinning, service, sushi or delicious cocktails - I highly recommend you make plans to visit Sushi Samba. . . Thanks for the incredible evening Sushi Samba, I'll be back soon!
This place is astounding- one of the best meals I've had. The cocktails were fresh and summery. Items from the robata grill, both veggies and beef/sea bass, were tender and flavorful. They served us an amazing mushroom dish with coconut milk and a mix of unique mushrooms- a real treat for the vegetarians at the table- and those of us who aren't too. Taquitos with lump grab meat, tempura veggies.... and a dessert platter with very memorable mochi and little dessert cups that included flakes of gold! It doesn't get any better than this.. . The atmosphere is dark and hip, reflecting the sabor of Peru, Brazil, and Japan- a super innovative and successful fusion of the three countries. Having been to Brazil twice, I liked that they projected video on the walls from Rio de Janeiro- made me nostalgic about my visits!  . . A classic upscale, trendy Vegas dining experience- and a fun reminder of the exciting common ground between various world cuisines. Will definitely return!
Moqueca Mista (all the waiters/waitresses will say that is their fave lol) & the Salmon are my go-to's. Of course, you have to try the asparagus with the truffle aioli as an appetizer. We are regulars here, and as regulars, the chef likes to treat you with special meals! This time we had kobe beef tacos (i am pescetrian, so it was nice to look at, haha) as our meal. I also love their rolls, such as the Carnival roll. The red miso is also great, I LOVE truffle, but it was a little too salty (truffle oil). The desserts are to die for, such as the mini doughnuts in the hazelnut sauce and the funky banana dish. AND, best of all... it's a stones throw from BARNEY'S!!! You can shop while you wait for your food! But, its not like the food takes very long anyway :)
Huge fan of this place - try to get here anytime i'm in Vegas or NYC.  Fish quality is excellent and the mix of Japanese and Brazilian is an interesting twist that goes beyond the standard asian fusion locales.. . Opt for the omakase (pick a price range with your server), sit back and enjoy the creations they bring through. Make sure it comes with Peruvian corn - can't miss side dish. . Some favorites. . -Maine Lobster Taquitos. -Miso marinated Chilean Sea Bass. -Ribeye Robata. -Samba Strip Roll. . Also a perfect place for groups - particularly if you're looking for a fun place to hit up before going out (XS, Tryst, Tao all very close).
SushiSamba Las Vegas is 100x better than the Miami location.. The service is A1 and so is the food. The menu has a better selection of Brazilian, Japanese, and Peruvian dishes that are absolutely divine. The drinks are also fantastic. We had the Samba juice and the Cucumber martinis which weren't overpowering but very refreshing. Our waiter was extremely friendly and knowledgable about the menu, and  was really helpful with our choices. Highly recommend this place!
I'm biased. I love sushi, and my Brazilian blood will never let me forget the exotic tastes and textures of northern-Brazilian cuisine. So here you have Sushi+Samba... what in heavens can go wrong? Culinary orgasm for sure. I booked a table for 4, but my buddies stood me up, so I went alone.A super friendly and beautiful Asian-American young lady took me to the sushi bar, and in a matter of seconds an even more beautiful mixed-Asian waitress showed up. If the food is any good this place is paradise! Anyway, I had to go exotic, so I ordered two appetizers (Carnaval= shrimp, avocado, yellowtail tartar, crispy rice paper and the Samba Strip = Maine lobster, mango, tomato, chive, crispy rice, soy paper, peanut curry) and a "half" main dish (Moqueca Mista = shrimp, squid, sea bass and crayfish with coconut milk, roasted cashew, dende oil, chimichurri rice ... this is a very typical Brazilian dish). . The moment I started savoring the spices, the seafood, the dende oil... I was taken back to Bahia, incredible beaches, sea-breeze, mulatas in tiny bikinis... I had to snap back in order to continue my sensory trip to food nirvana.. . Before they rate my review XXX and ban it from Yelp, I will summarize: just go, order without fear, enjoy the smells and tastes (and the view), go exotic, try "positions" you never dared before.. . Look, once you go "sushi+Brazil" you never go back.. . Cheers!
Japanese. Peruvian. Brazilian. . . So good.. . Omakase is the way to go. Hopefully you'll get the bbq'd seabass skewers that will melt like butter in your mouth and the yellowtail tacos.
Amazing service. Max is the greatest. Management is attentive and took very good care of us. I will be coming back to try the pork belly ramen soup!
I love the concept of this restaurant - mixing three cultures into one food experience. It definitely did notdisappoint!. . The menu is extensive, so it's easy to get carried away with ordering what looks and sounds good. The yellowtail taquitos were great, served in perfect little taco portions. The kanpachi and octopus (not on the menu) tiraditos were both pleasant surprises! Very fresh tasting and the flavors were vibrant. It goes without saying that the seabass robata was excellent...the fish was juicy and succulent. The pork belly was also great! The Pacific and BoBo Brazil rolls were out of this world....interesting mixes of ingredients and flavors that all somehow worked together.
SUSHISAMBA provides an interesting mix of Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian flavors.  The interior is dimly lit and contemporary; a very attractive dining space.. . I was with a large party, and our server put together a tasting menu that was within our desired price range and provided a diverse portrait of the cuisine the restaurant offers.  The service was excellent, and dealt with our group very well.  There was one drink order that seemed to have been forgotten, but these errors can happen.  When it was brought to the server's attention, it was dealt with promptly and apogetically.  . . Our meal consisted of about ten small-plates, portioned for sharing among the table.  While every dish was enjoyable, there were definite highlights.  My personal favorites were the yellowtail ceviche taquitos, and a decadent sushi roll that was topped with foie gras, pork belly, and gold leaf.  . . The accomodating service and unique culinary influences of SUSHISAMBA make for a brilliant dining experience.
Made it in two times last weekend in Vegas.  As usual, service and food was great.  First night was a snack.  Drinks, if you love tequila, try the Palmia, adds mints.  Wicked refreshing.  Tried the lobster robata, cooked perfectly, but not sure if I enjoyed the flavors as much as previous items.  They do so much in the kitchen, that when you try so much, it's tough to enjoy everything because there are a vast variety of flavors.  Lobster robata had a spicy ikura vinagrette, with some heat to it.  Freshest sushi and sashimi i've ever had.  Signature dish for me is the sea bass robata anticucho.
This place rocks!  Good sushi and filet...even the vegetables were screamin - collard greens, grilled asparagus. Asian food w/ some peruvian influence...fish was fresh and tasty!  You name it!  It was very good for our large party.  We visited 2xs while we were there for the weekend.  I'd love to go again when we're in town!
Came to Vegas for a Bachelorette Party..made reservations for this place and it was awesome!!. . Waiter was SUPER Nice and made sure we enjoyed the food, were comfortable, and never made us feel rushed.. We had a choice of ordering separate or rolls or Chef Choice Family Style which is around $50 per person. We chose family style...but first the waiter checked for food allergies and if we did not like anything he would take it away no questions asked.. . First they came out with appetizers..squid, edamame, and a crab dish very vague desciption but it's Vegas so who can remember... . Then came out the rolls..it was a mix or rainbow roll and a lobster roll and something with unagi. The lobster roll was delicious and so creative!!!. . Then came out beef and fish kebobs sauteed in sweet and tangy sauce..it melted in my mouth!!! . There were five of us girls and we received a free shot from the general manager and we looked around tosee if any other table received the treatment and no they did not!. . All in all make reservations and GO! Great place for dinner but plan to spend some money and get family style.
Once you get past the crowds in the Canal Shops, Samba Sushi is a real find.  Varied menu combining Asian and South American cultures.  We had a shrimp teriyaki roll, an eel roll and a dragon rainbow roll.  Also got the teriyaki chicken skewers with their speciality corn.  Everything was delicious.  No wait time, service was fast, efficient without feeling rushed.  Clean, not terribly loud and Drago was a great waiter.  Prices were OK for Vegas considering that I come from the era of free drinks, shrimp bars along the casino walls and all you can eat buffets.
Great food! I would have never known sushi could be soo good if I'd not gone with friends. I'm not be any means a sushi eater but this place definitely changed my perspective. My favorites were the Avacado roll and Chilean Sea Bass skewers. Single mixed drinks are strong which is great because I hate water-downed drinks. If going with a group as I did, and plan on drinking, DO NOT opt for the 3-4 mixed drink carousel/tower! It's a major rip off for the price they charge for it - $70. You're definitely better off buying individual drinks which are nice and strong. Great atmosphere/ seating/ music.
My new favorite restaurant in Vegas!  We did the chef's menu (omakase).  SO delicious!  The steak with mushrooms...omg!  Fabulous!  You can set your own price & they'll make enough food for that amount.  I'm a Japanese food snob & would highly recommend this place!
THIS PLACE IS THE SHIT!. . So I have been to their Miami and NY locations but LV held it down!  We came here for my friends bday celebration and they hooked us up! We did a chef tasting type thing and the executive chef came to meet us, the manager brought us free shots, and our waiter MAX was the best! He totally hooked us up!. . . CHILEAN SEA BASS IS A MUST---heaven in your mouth!. SAMBA JUICE is delish!. . . I can't wait to go back!
i cant believe i forgot to tell EVERYONE just how much we liked  SUSHISAMBA..  it was a seafood and sushi lovers delight.   we've eaten sushi all over the world,  but SUSHISAMBA really stays in our minds.  i can still see my seaweed salad,  (so good),  and those rainbowdragon samba rolls,  that we devoured before our main course,  a plate so large,  we split it two ways!   it think it was called  MOQUECA MISTA,  something like that,  that included shrimp,  squid, seabass,  to die for!   it has been a couple months and i can still taste that seafood,  prepared perfectly....  the atmosphere was nice,  so was my company.   we had a great meal,  we definitly will make  SUSHISAMBA our first stop on our next trip to vegas!   WORTH EVERY DIME!!!!
thIs was my second tIme and wow amazing sushi!! the spicy tuna rolls are amazing. beautiful environment and 10/10 service! will come back again
Amazing! . The purple mashed potatoes are an absolute MUST try. Everything you try is life changing! . Chef Herb stopped by our table and he was so charming a personable! . I never come to Vegas without eating here! . 5 stars is not enough!
This is a fantastic restaurant! I have eaten at wonderful places all over the world and the meal my friends and I enjoyed at Sushi Samba competed with any other I have ever had. The restaurant is beautiful and the service was great. We had the pleasure of meeting Herb the Chef and he was amazing. I've consideredmaking the 6 hour drive just to dine there again. I was in Vegas for a bachelor party and dinner at SS was by far the highlight of the weekend. We will be Back!. . Thanks for a great time and great meal Herb and Staff!
Came here for my birthday with my girlfriends and the service was great! Our waitress was very nice and welcoming. Since we and 6 or more people, she suggested that we do the pre-fixed 4 course meal that we can share family style. We told her what we liked, what we didn't like, what we were allergic to, and they made our food according to our liking.. . The food was really good! All of my girls were surprised to see that we liked every single dish! We also ordered hamachi shots (without sake) and it was still very flavorful! . . I would totally recommend this place! Can't wait to come back again~
So I've been back at least 6 times now and it's perfect every time.  Of course some servers are better / nicer than others but my food has been perfect and amazing every time!  I will continue to return time and time again!!
Had and amazing time last night at Sushisamba. Great food all around and very cool decor. Was there for company dinner and the service was outstanding and the wood was very fresh tasting. In the end, I ate waaaaaaay too much!
Amazing sushi with an excellent and truly unique atmosphere. Perfect for a romantic get-away.
Oh wow! The best sushi I have ever had!!! The edsumame appetizer was amazing! Definitely try the sea bass!!!! MELT IN YO MOUTH!!!!. . The restraunt was dark and very hip. The waiter was very knowledagble about the menu and was able to suggest some menu items that we absolutly loved!!
I'v posted on this before. Just can't say enough.  I think this is my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  The dish's are endlessly surprising, and endouringly flavorful.  Everything!!
This place gets packed & reservations are strictly a must, on the weekends (especially holidays).. . 5-Stars for excellent service!!!  We were there last Friday w/out a reservation, so the guy behind me cut right in-front of us & the host escorted him to his table (he turned around & laughed in our faces).  This is a 50+yr old man acting like a 5yr old.  In our 30's & 40's...We were way too mature to say anything back.  A really nice Asian lady-host (very attractive) approachedme & offered to do her best to slide us in if any of the tables became available.  Five-minutes later I get a call to come-back quickly because she found a way to squeeze all six of us in.  Ironically it was next to the 5yr old mentality man...LOL!!!. . Another 5-Stars for the menu!!!  I love Asian-Fusion cuisine & this place has a pretty large menu.  We were a moderate size group, so we tried almost everything on the menu.. . Our consensus on likes are as follows:. Sawagani. Green Bean Tempura. Seaweed Salad. Tiger Shrimp Tempura. Yellowtail Seviche. Jumbo Shrimp Seviche. Peruvian Bay Scallops (Robata). Anticuchos. Miso-Marinated Chilean Sea Bass. Samba Rolls (Pacific). Samba Rolls (Rainbow Dragon). Samba Split for Two (Dessert). Mochi (Dessert). Housemade Ice Cream & Sorvete (Dessert). Pisco Sour (Cocktails). Chicha Sour (Cocktails). Samba Juice (Cocktails). . The general manager (partner) came out to greet us, which was quite interesting.  Our tummies were full & our faces were happy.  Definitely coming back!!!
I dont recall exactly what Ive had here as Ive been 2-3 times, I just like the originality. It is a fun place they truly have an eclectic menu with a lot of orginality. I also really appreciate that the bartenders had a great knowledge of all the different saki they have.
This was the best meal we had in Las Vegas.  Our server, Isabela, was amazing- so knowledgeable and sincere.  Since the menu was so complex, we just gave her a price point and a few preferences, and she took care of the rest.  It was so fun to have her describe plate after plate of delicious food, and we were always surprised by the next course.  The seabass skewers were a highlight, but everything was so good that it is hard to pick a favorite.  Thank you, Isabela!
This sushi is some of the best I have ever had.  It is not so expensive either, which is what is always so hard about mid-high tier sushi places.  Their happy hour is a little bit lacking, though, because the food is not very discounted.  Their drinks, however, are about half the regular price.  Nice strategy...  Go here if you're in the neighborhood and want some delicious sushi, with decent service, before your night in Vegas.
oh yea! love me some SUSHISAMBA! Ive dined here a few times and its always been awesome.. I always start out with a watermelon mojito... its amazingly refreshing.. My favorite app is the Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos. I don't even know how to describe them apart from saying they re like putting heaven in your mouth.. I also always order the Pacific Roll. its  king crab, avocado, Asian pear, soy paper, wasabi-avocado crema. the pear in the roll really brings out the yellowtail and the wasabi is the cherry on top.. And also you cant forget to order the Peruvian Corn. Its AMAZING.
I ate here recently with a group of 5. We let the waiter select our menu for the night which I think is a great way to dine here. My only complaint is that we had too much food and I ate too much before the sushi came. Next time I will decrease the amount we spend per person and ask for the sushi to come sooner in the meal. We really enjoyed the Yellowtail Taquitos, Sea Bass and the Wagyu beef that we cooked on hot rocks!!! This was awesome!! Service was excellent!! I will go back!!
Celebrated a party with 16 people and the food and service both were amazing.
I. Love. This. Place.. . I got in late on a Saturday nightbefore a convention, and I was craving sushi. I stumbled upon SushiSAMBA was quickly seated a table. The ambiance is dark, sort of like a night club but with sushi chefs inside. Because it's Vegas, the staff is distinctly beautiful. To their credit, they are all super nice and attentive. A live DJ spun an eclectic mix of songs ranging from hip hop classics, to top 40 and some 80s soft rock ballads. Every track had a great, catchy beat, and I found myself bobbing my head along with it more often than not.. . I started with a Red Rice Ale which was absolutely fantastic. It is a pricey 11 oz. bottle at $14 but I loved the flavor. I stuck to a simple chef's choice sashimi and sushi combo which ran for $30. I've seen worse prices and i was definitely pleased with the value once the meal came out.. . The display that came out was fantastic and consisted of 6 pieces of sashimi (tuna, yellowtail, and salmon), 6 pieces of sushi (tuna, shrimp, and mackerel), and a cut roll which came with a key lime and hoisin dipping sauce which I thought was really weird until I tried it and marveled and how the flavors complimented each other.. . After the meal I had a Yamazaki Japanese whiskey, aged 18 years. Something about Japanese whiskey just does it for me. I had a 12 year Yamazaki a month or two ago but this 18 year whiskey was outstanding. It was sweet and spicy and went down smooth. I am glad I had it neat as I'm sure I would have lost some of the complexity if I had gotten it on the rocks like I usually do.. . All in all, SushiSAMBA was an amazing experience. While I can't lie and say it was not bit expensive, I definitely felt like I got my money's worth. I'd love to come back here before or after a night out with friends to share the experience with a group
"The best meal I've ever had in my life": this was uttered by 5 of us at the End of the meal.. . Our waiter, Max, gave us a $50-60 prix fix menu, and brought us a sampling of the best: edamame, tempura, meats, sushi, cod, squid, etc. all in all, it was amazing.. . The scene is very cool. We didn't want to get hosed by going to a club, so this was the next best thing. Good people watching, good music, and amazing food.. . Our waiter gave us a free round of cucumber shots, and was vey personable.. . The hostesses were young, and dictate a while for us to be seated, but well worth the wait.
I do not miss this place every time I go to LV.... it never disappoints... EVER!!! Unfortunately my favorite dish is the hot rock that is served where you self cook the amazing steak... the sauces are to DIE for!!! It is very pricey though... but well worth it... also the Sea Bass kabobs you cannot miss!!
This place will literally bring tears to your eyes it is so good.  I tried to take pictures of the food, but every time I ended up remembering to reach for the camera, all I had left was a plate full of crumbs, a small jar of sauce, or a plain old rock.. . The best thing to do here is to simply let them pick for you.  They will take your preferences, likes and dislikes, budget, and create something special for you.  It is a fusion feast taking the best of Japan, Brazil and Peru.  How does a little thin strip of Kobe beef sound, dipped in truffle oil, a little rock salt, and then cooked by you on a 550 degree Japanese river stone?  Or soft, fresh calamari dusted in a slightly spicy preparation that will leave you wondering where it all went?  . . It is not cheap - but the quality is amazing and the service is spectacular.  I want to live here.  Actually, I'm not kidding.
Wow. You can't go wrong with this place unless you are looking for a quiet dining experience. They have a DJ and it is quite crowded with tables very close to one another. HOWEVER the food is to die for. I can't speak to the sushi but the churassco platters are beyond delicious. The hanger steak and ribeye are succulent. The chimichurri sauce is one of the best ive had. The pisco mojito is also delicious. It is pricey but its Vegas. I don't typically like fusion restaurants but this one is legit. Waiters are attentive and will try to order for you, which can be annoying.
When my friends said we were going to meet up at Lavo after dinner I figured we can grab a bite to eat here.  It just sounds like an interesting mix of everything I love...Japanese and Latin food. Yums.... . My friend and I wanted food but didn't want to be over fed either.  We asked the server what we should have and he suggested the 3 item meat plate (part of the Latin/Brazilian side) and maybe start with a seabass appetizer.  We went with his suggestions and were so incredibly satisfied.  The seabass was amazing.  It was flavorful but light just perfect before our meat combo.  For two girls it was more than enough food.  There was an option for a 5 meat option but I think that would've been over board.  Everything was pretty yummy and satisfying. . . Service was also nice.  Although this place is extremely busy at night and it's pretty hard to see (the dark atmosphere is great for romantic night but hard to see the menu).  Also, the decor was interesting.  I found myself having slight ADD trying to look around at everything from video montage in the background to the fun anime like murals.  Music was a tad loud too but you can still carry on a conversation.. . Reservations are recommended but my friend and I just kinda came here on a whim and got in right away.  Given we're only a party of two.  Drink menu was crazy long with an extensive list of sake.  We didn't get any but I sure would think they'd have what you're looking for if you're in the mood to drink. Also, prices can be "steep" on some items but the items we got came to a grand total around $55 or so.  Not bad by Vegas standards and split between two of us that was nothing...we were full and happy.
Executive Chef Herb Wilson is a genius! The lobster dumplings with corn are beyond words. Thanks for making a special batch for me. :) See you next time I'm in Vegas.
My absolute favorite place to eat in Vegas.  Whenever I'm in NY, Montreal or Miami: I try to stop by.  I can't put my finger on it but they all differ slightly.  The Miami locale lacked alot of the zest and pow you get in Vegas.  Out of all the ones I been to, I like vegas the best. . . The Churrasco plate is wicked. I usually go with 3-5 friends and share this plate.  The chorizo is off the hook.  All kinds of flavor happening.  The new tokyo and topo rolls are insane good.. . Try this place you won't be dissapointed.
Came here with a group of 9 guys. The waiter basically ordered for us and did an excellent job. Food is incredible. The sushi wasn't the best, but the appetizers and sashimi were out of this world. I especially liked the sea bass and fish taco. Came out to $60 plus tax tip and drinks. Great place for groups, ambiance is great. I would go back.
A group of 16 of us which wasn't fair for a review. We went for a pre-set $$ per person and a culinary experience. It was outrageous. For $40/60/80/100 per person you could have a great experience. Ours was total gluttony. Great food, great service. Have the fried lobster. No-- have the sushi experience---- no have the drink tree--- no have the crab---. Whatever-- it was great. Dessert--- you've gotta be kidding. It was there, but----. Oh and for those who are into it-- the 500 degree rock with Kobe beef to grill on it. That plus a few bottles of wine. Schwing!!
One of my favorite restaurants in the world. A mix of Japanese and Brazilian fusion cuisines. Take your great sushi and Japanese seafood, and throw in unique Brazilian flavors. Everything here tastes amazing. It's also pricey ($25-75 per person depending on what you order), but worth it.. . The cod is dipped in unique sauces that even the most seasoned palates can't distinguish.. . The sushi rolls have some sort of flair that make me want to watch Dragon Ball Z while doing the samba during Carnival.. . The Chilean sea bass is basically an orgasm in your mouth. Lord almighty! Get it.
Sushi Samba is one of my favorite places to visit when I am in Las Vegas. The food is amazing and the drinks that are created are out of this world. I especially recommend seeing Alan, as he makes this place the reason I come to Sushi Samba. I get incredible customer service and he makes me feel like I matter!!!'
Wow, amazing! Chef John personally came out to greet us and gave us some special rolls and treats, thanks to a referral! Came here for a bachelorette dinner ahd were seated in the back since there was like 20 of us! They have a back section that looks a lot more private. We had the chef make us whatever he wanted. The orders just kept coming and coming. We were stuffed by the time the last order came out. Service was also spectacular. The waiters and waitress were very attentive and always asking how the food was and explaining what dish was being served.. . Presentation is superb!. Drinks were delicious!. Food was fabulous. . . Nothing bad to report. You have to experience it for yourself!
Go figure, we were drunk and roaming around vegas at 1 am in dire need for some food that didn't come off a dollar menu.  We randomly ran into Palazzo an found Sushi Samba.  Great food and I'm not just saying that because we were drunk.  Try the rockfish appetizer and cucumber martini- to die.
Favorite new place on the strip in Vegas! We first got there and was placed at possibly the worst table in the place- right near the bar and 5 inches from the next couple. However, it was New Year's weekend and everyone was desperate to even get in, so we got over this minor negative in a hurry. Our server, Justin, more than made up for the bad seating. He was knowledgable and gave great suggestions as to what to try. We diced on letting the chef bring us a sampling of his creations. Boy, what a gift!
One of my favorite restaurants. I was here with several people, and we opted for the 7 course chef's choice meal. It was worth every penny. The highlight for me was the wagyu beef. They bring it raw and let you sear it on a hot stone.
Amazing service, they really must have a seperate washing machine for the main plates they use- cleared like 4 from me alone. I'm sure that everyone comments on the sea bass, and so I'll add my two cents- phenomenal. Fresh sea bass is tough to find and they prepared it the best way possible (IMHO), skewered with a miso glaze. We depended on our sharp, confident waitress to guide us through the menu and she did wonders. Along with the sea bass, our rolls were expectantly first class as was the fresh tuna seviche with almonds and jalapenos rich with flavor. Aside from the crazy movie looping on the wall in the background wandering aimlessly from a south China fishing village to a hot Brazilian beach; the atmosphere was relaxing and comfortable also- a bit trendy, but what did you expect?
I wish they had a Sushi Samba where I live! My husband and I were visiting Las Vegas, and came across this amazing place. The waiter was so friendly and helpful in showing us the ropes of the menu +  gave us recommendations. Well he did a great job of that, because our food was succulent, flavorful and just a amazing! lol...Seriously I will go back for more when I'm back in the area. It's the best sushi + calamari I've had. Well worth it!
We arrived at 8:45 for our 8:30 dinner reservation without any hassle... the place was so festive! The music, the videos on the screens and the decor created a very vibrant atmosphere and the restaurant was packed and loud, we did feel like we were yelling at each other while having a conversation during dinner! Our waitress was knowledgeable and the food and cocktails were delicious! Everything I wanted from a dinner in Vegas. It's pricey...but hey, it's Vegas we were expecting it. . . If they have the lobster served escargot style get it! I also recommend the cucumber martini.
Had a fantastic dinner tonight and can't thank Allen enough for his incredible hospitality and the superb food and service. The service team, including Jeff and Alice, are spectacular and the  food is awesome. Had the pork gyoza's, hamachi, mushroom tapan and the sea bass skewers and it all tasted fantastic. To add to the superb evening were the artistic creations of the most flavorful and delicious drinks. Yaz and Mikey served up the most amazing drinks that I can't stop thinking about going back for more. With the incredible team behind the bar including Yaz, Mikey, Cathy and Luna you will always have a great drink experience. The food, service and drinks are unparalleled and a truly unforgettable experience.
The food:. The YUMMY:It's been a long time, but damn, those yellow tail taquitos are forever in my food memory.  If I had a choice I'd probably order 3 orders of those and eat em all night.  The pretty good: Also had some sushi which was really good, server recommended some rolls not mentioned in the menu which were spot on, but cant top the yellow tail taquitos!. . BTW, place is a bit pricey (if you order alot), so be prepared if your trying to fill up b/c your wallet is gonna throw up benjamin's all over the place and there will be nothing left to gamble with! . . Am I coming back?  . Can't wait to try the rest of the food on the menu : )
Their food was delicious especially the sashimi which was very fresh and tasty.  The staff was super friendly and attentive.  Flavorful drinks.   I love the Peruvian influence.  This was one of the best restaurants we ate at during this Vegas trip.  I highly recommend trying this place out but make sure you have reservations b/c it's popular.
Oh. My. God. I want to eat here every day of my life, if only for the ishi yaki. My wallet is already throwing a fit about the thought of how quickly I would go broke, but akdsjhfakjldhf. Words cannot describe how much I want to go back and eat ALL THE THINGS. Well more specifically, all the ishi yaki.. . In reality though, Sushisamba is unfortunately a sometimes food (unless you're a bajillionaire, in which case, dine on! I will live vicariously through you). It's just too expensive for me, as a student to afford. Thank goodness someone else was picking up the check when I went.. . My family and I had our Christmas dinner here at like... 9pm (yea, we did Christmas in Vegas). It was by far, the fanciest Christmas dinner I have ever had. . . We were seated in the back room area since we had a relatively large party, but since it was so late, it was mostly empty there, which was simultaneously nice and eery. Our waiter suggested we do the tasting menu, where he and the chef craft our meal for us, but since my mom had just been here with some colleagues the week before, we decided to just let her order for us, since she knew what was good. . . - Salt and Pepper Squid: the seasoning made this extra delicious-- a really good starter. - Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos: also yummy, though I may be biased because yellowtail is one of my favorite fish; very lime-y. - Rock shrimp tempura: a twist on regular tempura, but absolutely delicious; if you don't like spicy mayo, maybe not your thing. - Ishi Yaki: Words cannot describe. Grade A5 Japanese Waygu that you cook yourself on a hot Japanese river stone? Yes, please! You take a slice of meat, dip it in oil, and then put it on the hot stone to let it cook. There's a few different dipping sauces and three different types of salt that you can add to your meat. All of them are delicious, though I am partial to the black salt. There were some pears on the plate, so I was like what the heck, why not cook those on the stone too. Still delicious. Even thinking about this is making me crave it. The ishi yaki is really expensive, but if you're going to go for any of the Japanese Waygu options, go for this one because it is definitely the most unique.. - We ordered a bunch of sushi rolls, which were good, but not the most amazing ones I've ever had.. - Also, the lychee bubbletail is really good. The alcohol is not overpowering, it's not too sweet, and they put a real lychee (probably from a can) in it.. . Random: I really like the music on their website... That probably sounds really weird, but it's true. Love it.. . tl;dr: I know for a fact that the main reason why I love Sushisamba as much as I do is because I was not paying. It was a crazy expensive meal, but it was delicious because we ordered some rather expensive (but good! oh so very good!) things. If you're not willing to splurge, you'll probably think I'm crazy for giving them a 5-star review, but if you are, be prepared to be amazed. Just don't think about the check. And get the ishi taki. 5-stars for that alone.
One of my new favorite restaurants in Vegas! It's not crazy expensive and the food is delicious. . . Since fois gras is no longer served in California, I can get my fois gras fix here -- sushi with fois gras and gold flecks!. . I love the Peruvian Corn. The Sea Bass is solid as well.. . Anything fish -- ceviche or sushi rolls are yummy. . . Oh and drinks!! Get the special mojito. . . I've eaten here 4x in one week!! That's pretty nutso given that I always like to try new places.
I always come here every trip to Vegas. Sushi Samba never disappoints! Service and food is always on point. I also love love the fact that they have a lychee martini - a bit hard to find these days. The sea bass,  grilled octopus, and all the sushi rolls were awesome. It's a Brazilian, Peruvian, and Japanese fusion style restaurant and is full of a young and fun crowd on the weekends. We went on a Saturday and they had a DJ so it can be a little difficult to converse. The ambiance is much like a lounge and the prices are not cheap! If you're not broke from gambling come by this awesome restaurant located in the Palazzo!
Man, I love this place. I should have reviewed it sooner, before I decided that I was going to only eat vegetarian on Tuesdays (and Mondays, and Wednesdays. Argh!). Ah, such is life.. . But, the great news is, they DO have delicious vegetarian options! I quit drinking and even their mocktails were mouthwatering! I had the Watermelon Mojo and really felt like having no alcohol was a-ok! It was so sweet and so watermelon-y. They could have just kept filling my glass up, but thinking about the sugar content gave me pause. So, I had one. It was all I needed to know that their mocktails are FAB!. . For appetizers we ordered the otsumami. It was good a combination of edamame, green bean tempura and shishito and I couldn't stop eating it! Really perfect size for a group (unless you have someone like me who hoards it for themselves, then, problems). The green beans were like never ending. I put one in my mouth and then another and another, breaking every now and again for the shishito, which is sweet (but spicy) peppers. Man, I could have eaten that for days. . . This time we just ordered two rolls. Because one wasn't vegetarian I didn't partake, but as with all things SUSHISAMBA, it looked delicious! The other was the veggie kun and it was really great. The flavors blended nicely (there are a lot of ingredients in this roll) and sort of melted in my mouth. I would highly recommend. I also wish they had more vegetarian options, though this was plenty at the time.. . This is my second time here, the first time I had the Yamato roll. HOLY. I was a huge fan of foie gras at the time and to have that on a roll was so decadently delicious that it, right then and there, became my favorite sushi roll ever. I won't ever forget that, ever. . . I know Vegas is known for a lot of really great AYCE sushi places, but if you want something that transcends those and gives you a more cultured, elegant, tasteful experience, you can do no better than SUSHISAMBA.
We had an absolutely fabulous dinner at SushiSamba. We knew we wanted sushi and per yelp reviews decided to eat here. It far surpassed our wildest expectations. We had the best server, Vanessa, who advised we try their tasting menu. We were not disappointed. SushiSamba is a mix of Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian cuisine and I'm so glad we didn't just get sushi. The tasting menu was exactly what we were looking for and didn't even know it. Thanks to our amazing server we went on a culinary adventure. Vanessa selected all of our drinks as well as each course and she was spot on with her selections. We will definitely be back to SushiSamba and are already looking forward to a repeat performance. Don't be meek ordering here, go for it and get the tasting menu - you will not be disappointed! . . Also, after reading some of the negative reviews I would assume they tried to order straight off the menu... I would not recommend this as what our waitress picked for us wouldn't have entered our minds to order.  I think if we had tried to order off the menus we'd have had a fail meal too. Stick to your waitress/ers recommendations and you will not be disappointed!
First time there on 2-13, and it was a great experience. Try the Chilean Sea Bass dinner.  It was the best fish dinner I ever had.  First Class service, and tremendous food.   The sushi is prepared like a fine art sculpture.  Enjoy
This place deserves 10 stars, by far my favorite restaurant ever, absolutely love it. Every time we go to visit, this is definitely where we go for dinner, it's not cheap but well worth every penny, everything is always so fresh and delicious, and I mean everything, we always try new things along with some of our favorites and we just love this place more and more each time. The service is impeccable, the servers are very professional and very knowledgeable about the menu and drinks, if you are not sure what to get , just let them how much you are willing to spend and they will create a tasting menu for you, believe you will not be disappointed!!!! Their sea bass skewers and Peruvian corn is a must have! I mean everything is amazing there, hope everyone gets a chance to try this place!
Being an avid Nobu SD fan, I was hesitant to go anywhere else when staying on the strip for sushi, but it seems the Nobu in San Diego is far superior to the other locations in Vegas and Los Angeles. Boyfriend and I wanted to do sushi for Valentine's Day so we yelp'ed a couple of places we were considering and chose SushiSamba. We were thoroughly thrilled with our decision. . . The restaurant and menu are very unique; and there is a huge selection to choose from. We decided to go for a mix of sushi and tapas. Everything we had we loved. The  rolls were excellent, fish was fresh, and the presentation of the food was great. . . We loved it and can't wait to go back.
To start we were seated right away and everyone from the host group to our server was wonderful.  They all made great suggestions on drink and food orders and all suggestions were great!. . Our food was awesome.  I had never been to the Chicago location and everything we ate here was so flavorful.  It was a bit pricey, but it's Vegas and the food was totally worth it.  I can't wait to go back to the Chicago location.
Had such a great experience at sushi samba. Been here twice, and both times were excellent. By the way they're open till 3am, I came here once at 230am and they still accommodated us :) . . Had a nice walk through the forum shops to get here, and I loved the ambiance of the restaurant. Our waiter was also fantastic, super charismatic and very informative. We asked a lot of questions, regarding the menu, and he'd always gave us his honest opinion - even when recommending the cheaper option. . . We had the Kobe beef, oysters, uni shoots, oyster shooters, albacore tacos, and some sushi. I usually eat more but sake really filled my stomach. Everything was scrumptious and I'm extremely picky when it comes to sushi. So far this is my go to sushi place when in Vegas :)
I've eaten at SushiSamba many many many times and have never written a review until now.  There's never been a reason for me not to write a review but since I've been actively writing format of my other jaunts I figured its about time to do it here!  . . Anyway, I usually spend my time at the bar.   Personally I think it's the best place to sit back, enjoy great sake and have a fine meal while engaging with others.  Plus, I have absolutely NEVER experienced a moment of bad service in the two years and 15-20 times a year I've been to Samba.  Everyone behind the bar is always incredibly friendly, and though the faces change occasionally, it's always a pleasure to see the usual staff.  They always have a friendly smile and engaging conversation, obviously not for long as they have their work to do and other customers, but I see they treat everyone around the bar like family.  No wonder why I keep coming back!  . . My last visit was Saturday March 2nd and I had a guest with me.  As always the service was outstanding and the ladies behind the bar went above and beyond to make our night special.  The food as always was fantastic!  We ordered the Kobe hot rock at the bar with thinly sliced Japanese A5 beef and cooking sauces, fun and entertaining tools your own special little treats.  We also hade surf and turf tacos as well as some amazing King Crab legs.  My date had a great time and we enjoyed a wonderful sake pairing with our meal and I enjoyed a great night of which I hold everyone working that night partially responsible. :). . Needless to say, I recommend Samba to anyone who wants to have a good time, good food, and great service!  Do what I do, sit at the bar, enjoy the people watching, and get to know your bartenders.  They are awesome!
My husband I went for our Anniversary. This was our second visit. We are currently Gluten free, and the Chefs were able to accommodate our special needs. They even had gluten free soy available. The sea bass skewers were amazing. We even ordered a second serving of these!
Great Atmosphere.  Good Sushi.
Best place on earth to eat. Period. Get the ceviche and whatever the special is.
Some of the best sushi I have ever eaten.
Great service and environment. Brazilian & sushi can't go wrong. Order 3-4 items and share
In VEGAS when you are up $3,000  this is a good place to go and eat as much as you like!!!! . . You must try . . The Pork Belly . The yellow Tail Taquitos. . Our bartender was really hot and awesome !
Off the charts delicious!  Superb service!  Taquitos and duck breast were awesome. I don't remember the rolls but both were so tasty.
Hello! I am a vegan and I loved this place! Great cocktails but their mushroom toban yaki was fantastic. They had a great eggplant miso skewer which came with Brazilian corn. Fantastic. Would definitely go again!!!!. . Very crowded and loud music. Definitely try to make a reservation but great food vegans and non vegans!
What a fabulous meal!. . First some background.  We were a group of six New Yorkers in Vegas for a guys weekend of college basketball and good food.  All of us are regularly eating out in relatively expensive restaurants and love a good meal, consisting of both food and service. . . Having had an absolutely miserable experience the night before at Gordon Ramsey's Steakhouse in the Paris hotel, we were really looking forward to a nice evening and these guys really delivered.. . We were seated promptly and when the waiter came over and suggested that we could order from the menu or if we preferred we could give him a budget and he would serve us a meal.  We asked for a suggestion and he said that we'd really enjoy our meal at $65-70/person unless we wanted to also have a Kobe Beef course in which case we should figure closer to $100.  Having had steaks the night before we gave him a free hand at $65-70.. . Course after course of creative imaginative wonderful foods arrived, each one better than the one before. The final course was more traditional sushi with several creative rolls and as a few of us eat a top NY sushi restaurants regularly, we were more than pleased.. . By the way, The amount of food server was just right, enough to be satisfied but not stuffed.. .. Service was terrific all night and for about $125/man including a approximately a 25% tip and tax (we only had one round of drinks) we left planning to reunite in their NY location in a few weeks.
This is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas and now a must-visit when I'm in town. Everything that I've had on the food and drink menu is delicious! I would highly recommend the green bean tempura to start off with. And the samba rolls, which are their latin-asian fusion sushi selections, are great culinary combinations. As others mentioned, it is a little pricey, but I think it's totally worth it. I would highly recommend making a reservation in advance if you plan on going. They can get very very busy.
This was excellent; we had a tip to give the chef an amount of money per person and any no-nos; three of us did so and had a lovely meal with beer for 70 dollars each; more than enough food-you could of done 50 and been satisfied.  Best value for the $ in all the places I went to.  Nice service again and the chef was bang on to our whats (and nots).   Highly recommended; i give few 5 stars.
Sushi Samba is amazing!   Forget trying to order from the extensive menu.  Instead, just tell your Server the type of Sushi or Sashimi you like, your level of "experimentation", and your price range.   They will bring you wonderful dishes that you won't find on the menu!   Alice was our Server, and she is great!   I highly recommended the Japanese Tacos and Kobe Beef Surf & Turf.  Your eyes will roll back in your head with pure ecstasy!   Note: Bring about $200 or more (for two people).  It's not cheap, but I would rank this meal as a top 10 of all time!
This is the place I make all my friends/family come to when they visit. The staff is wonderful, the atmosphere is hip, and there is a dish for everyone! (even people who do not like sushi). . If you do go I would recommend asking what the best things on menu since it can be a little difficult figuring out what to get for the first time. ;)
Decadent Asian fusion. We let the chef send us his choices based on our preferences and that was a great decision! There were 5 courses, all tasty!
good food, the green envy sushi roll and rosca's (donuts) are the perfect meal, ask for the kobe tacos too, great service and good wine selection, always a must stop when you're at the hotel
We eat here every trip to Vegas!  Never ever had a bad meal here!  Drinks are really good too!  Excellent staff...and they will help you navigate the menu!. . So many good dishes we can never decide!. . Love Sushisamba!!
The food was amazing.  This is saying a lot for someone who spends $200 for dinner with a date pretty frequently.. . The rare wagyu beef sushi was amazing as was the yellow tail sashimi taquitos.  Everything was fresh as well, which left us commenting on how they get such fresh sushi in the desert (I suppose anything can be frozen and transported across half the world these days).  . . My dates cocktail was pretty impressive as well, the cocktail glass lined in sugar.. . I'm pretty partial to Asian Fusion, in general, and with the addition of the Brazilian flair, this place is one of the rare few that get my five stars.. . In Vegas style, a pretty swank interior with hanging sculptures, a viewing window of one table, into the mens bathroom, and open and expansive seating area in the back, all come together nicely for a great meal out.. . They're open late night (2AM on weekends) - so a bonus if you're strolling out of Tao a bit early.
This place was great the server recommended something's that I found VERY tasty.. The Lobster Ceviche was amazing soooo good. I asked about the Duck Breast and he recommended the mushroom and sauce which was so rich and flavorful I LOVED it. This place is tits I kid you not . A++++ at the very least
I'm so glad I made reservations here. . I wanted to reserve a place that wasn't Italian or heavy in the Venetian or Palazzo for my group of 8 girls.  We arrived a little early for our reservation and was seated immediately.  My cousin told the waiter what we liked and didn't like.  He said he would create a meal according to what we wanted.  Everything was fantastic.  Below is what we had and its description:. . Pork Gyozo-  Each dumpling was served on a delicious pumpkin puree.  Delicious!. . Sushi Platter- We got 5 different types of rolls, 2 of each type.  They were all so good.  . . Tiger Rock Shrimp- Yum!  If you like honey walnut shrimp then you will definitely like this.  It was perfectly made.  . . Yellowtail Ceviche tacos- These were the best tacos I have ever had.  The sauce it came with was a yummy spicy foam hot sauce.  They were small but definitely satisfying.  They just melt in your mouth.  So good!  Probably my favorite thing there.  . . Steak- The Steak was served with collard greens, potatoes, rice, and black beans.  It also came out with 3 different sauces that were all so good.  The green sauce was my favorite.  . . Seabass on Skewers- This was served with some Peruvian corn.  The seabass just melts in your mouth.  They were perfectly made.  The corn was also really good and went perfectly with the seabass.     . . Shots- Our shots came out beautifully presented on a shot tier.  Two of us didn't drink so our waiter brought out two that were watermelon juice so we could join in on toasting.    . . Dessert- Dessert was a mix of the best vanilla ice cream, creme burlee, mixed berries, and banana.  It was nicely made and topped off with some sparklers.  . . Everything was so tasty and beautifully presented.  The food wasn't just all Japanese.  It was definitely a fusion but everything went together wonderfully.  I think for us 8 girls it was about $75 each.  It was very worth it and we all left stuffed and happy.      . . Our server took care of us really well.  I liked that he noted there were 8 of us and made the portions perfect for 8 girls.  One of our girls couldn't eat raw fish or anything spicy and he made sure she got her own individual thing.  He also made note that two of us couldn't drink and brought out shots for everyone with 2 virgin drinks.  He made great recommendations and was helpful.  He also took time to take a couple photos for us.  As for the the ambiance, it was beautiful.  We had a great time celebrating.
UH-MAZE-ING. . The name of the restaurant caught my eye when I was in NY but I didn't get a chance to try it until Vegas. SO WORTH EVERY PENNY! . . Otsumami assortment . Salt & Pepper Squid . Coconut Rice. Lobster Crispy Taquitos. . Everything our group ordered was delicious...except don't waste your time on the ramen. . . I think I will eat here every time I go back to Vegas.
I enjoy Sushi Samba a ton and it is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. I have been there three and had the tasting menu each time. This place is essentially Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian fusion. . . If you're willing to spend some money ($50-$100 a head), I recommend doing the tasting menu. It's a 5-7 food course and displays some of the full offering of the restaurant. Some of the highlights of my meal were the ceviche tacos, the beef gyozas (sp?), the meat courses, and finally the sushi. The sides are also excellent, with the Peruvian corn and more.. . All in all, it's unique food and definitely worth checking out. This place is very pricey though, so be prepared to spend money.
Loved my experience at SUSHISAMBA.. . Went there twice this weekend. Loved the atmosphere. What to get:. . Kobe beef taquitos. Yellowtail taquitos. Yellowtail ceviche (omg drool). El topo Roll. Green Envy Roll. Neo Tokyo Roll. Samba chef inspiration (different types of fish sashimi with a roll). Sake,sake,sake. Chu-cucumber martini. . I cannot really remember what else we ate, but everything was so delicious that we went back before we left our trip. Fun place for either a group date, romantic date, or girls night out! They need to bring one to LA :)
Wowsers. Hands down one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas. Everything I ate was delicious. You must try the truffled Kobe beef, Kobe beef tacos, pesto scallops, lobster roll and I can go on and on. I had a cucumber martini and it was amazing. Fun atmosphere and i will dine here every time I visit Las Vegas.
I didn't have to pay. The food was amazing... I was plastered on saki bombs half way through, so I don't remember much. It must have been a good time.
We were in town over the 4th of July weekend and wanted to finally try a sushi place in Vegas.  After looking at reviews and prices, we decided to give Sushi Samba a try.  The service was amazing, we had Vanessa who was one of the best waitresses we have ever had.  The food came in under 5 minutes, tasted great, Vanessa's recommendations were great, and we just had an overall great time.  When we are in town next, we will make sure to visit sushi samba again.
What can I saw but wow!  I was recently in Miami Southbeach and visited SushiSamba. Well my friend knew many of the bartenders from being a regular patron. So we definitely got good service! . Well visiting Las Vegas 3 weeks later I decided to look for a local SushiSamba. Using yelp I found there to be a SushiSamba in Venetian on the strip. I checked their website to verify they were open and found out they had a reverse (late) happy hour starting at 11pm till close.. So my friend and I took a cab from Hardrock hotel (probably last time there, thats a whole different story) to Venetian hotel. On arrival I saw the bar was placed in front where there were a few seats available. So we sat down towards the end of the bar and asked if we could eat dinner at the bar. The bartender Mari (Maria)  gave us some menus and we asked for the happyhour menu which had just started. I asked about some of the items on the menu and she was very friendly and informational. My friend was actually not feeling good and she gave him some tonic water and small amount of bitters to help ease his stomach. (which actually helped later on). She ended up getting real busy at the bar but no matter how busy she got she always madesure we got what we needed in a timely manner. She balanced about 10-15 bar patrons orders drink and food wise along with still making drinking for all the waiters ordering drinks for their patrons. I felt she was really efficient and still friendly in demeanor always smiling! I find good freindly custommer service is hard to come by now a days. Kristina the floor manager checked in with us and made sure we were doing ok and that all our needs were meet. Another great show of good customer service. When the managers come up and check in with their patrons I feel they are actually taking interest and want to make sure all your needs are being meet!. We had a really good night there so much we decided to go back the following night to see if we could have another good successful night again. Well our expectations were exceeded again. Mari was working again and thanked us for returning and even went out her way to have us try a few things on the menu we didn't even order to ask our opinion. She even made drinks to our specific needs (my friend didn't want that much sugar in his drink) She made it to meet his needs and turned out to still be a decent drink. Mari's good customer service was the best during my stay in Vegas and I was there july 4-9. She far exceeded my expectations and went above and beyond! The floor manager Kristina also sat down with us to talk about customer service and again making sure everything meet our expectations.  I have to recommend SushiSamba, the bartender Mari (Maria) and the floor manager Kristina. 5 stars and i would tell anyone heading to visit to make it a stop for sushi or tapas.
I wasn't feeling sushi, but I went with it. . My expectations were low, just another sushi bar in Vegas.... We gave our server, Veronica, a per-person budget and let her pick.. .  I was blown away!. . We were served Mini Tacos, Sea Bass skewers, Sashimi Ceviche, Seared Wagyu Beef, Salt & Pepper Squid and more. The plates just kept coming. How did they get such incredible flavors into the food? I would put Sushisamba up against the best. Sure, Nobu (Malibu) may have great atmosphere, but the flavors, quality, variety, and probably 100 different sakes here, make them a strong competitor. . . . Service was impeccable (Ask for Veronica).
Located in The Shoppes at Palazzo casino. My original plan was to get some comps redeemed for Grand Lux Cafe (which is a great place as well). To my surprise, I had over 100 bucks available...I don't remember playing in the Venetian Poker Room that much, but oh well. A bigger surprise, they had a long list of places I could use comps at, including steakhouses, and here. This is not the norm for Vegas poker rooms. I guess this could be a Venetian Poker Room review as well; they treat their customers very well! So I decided to try this place. . . I'm very glad that I did! My waitress Isabella was very attentive, thorough, and answered any questions I had. Top notch service! The rest of the waitstaff was even friendlier. My table was periodically kept clean, and LOTS of refills kept coming. . . I was expecting to eat regular sushi, maybe a tasting menu. And I never really thought of what the Samba part meant. But I looked at the menu and there were lots of options available, fusion-style: from Brazilian steaks to traditional sushi rolls. I was in for an unexpected and different, yet very satisfying meal. . . -Samba Tea: This is a must try! I forgot what they were, but they included many different types of ingredients; the result being one of my favorite teas, if not my favorite. . -BoBo Brazil Samba Roll: Wagyu beef, Brazilian-Japanese style...something new and amazing!. -Miso-Marinated Chilean Sea Bass...so good! one of the best fish i've ever had.. -20oz Bone In Ribeye Steak: juicy and delicious. loved the flavor! goes very well with the sushisamba dipping sauces. . -Warm Chocolate Banana Cake (maple butter, banana chip, vanilla rum ice cream)...awesome!. . Service: 5/5; Food: 5/5!. . This was a unique and awesome dining experience for me. And it looks like there's plenty more to try! Thanks SushiSamba. I would definitely come back!
To start off I was not expecting to be blown away with this place but I WAS!! Everything from this restaurant was beyond my expectations.. Went there for a special treat and oh my... we had one.. . First off I would not say the sushi is extraordinary, in fact its standard but I did love the yellow tail scallion there more than I do at most places, but the items on the menu other than sushi is what got me!. . First and for most  the drink tower is amazing and unique from the appearance to all the different varieties like the cucumber one, strawberry, grapefruit, and so on...we tried total of 6!!. My favorite was the one with the cucumber and the one with the mint cant recall the actual names due to all the drinks ; ) . . Now on to the MEALSSSSS the ones I loved would have to be the steak tacos, best I had in a really long time and the sauce that they come with has a little kick that makes it all so complete. Another one would have to be the Alaskan king crab leg cut in perfect portions to be grabbed with the chop sticks and topped off with a cream sauce was sooooooooo good!! There was also the miso sea bass if you like the taste of the miso flavor and appreciate sea bass like I do its a must, even though my last bite on the skewer was not as great as the first 3 ; ( and my favorite dish of the whole night would have to be the in shell scallops!!!! I had never seem my scallops served in a shell till I went to this place, they were cooked with perfection and had some sort of pesto butter topping them off. I can literally eat so many and never have enough!! . One more dish worth mentioning would have to be the tempura shrimp even though I am not a fan of most fried foods this one was good!! And the portion was giant!. . As far as the dessert I am usually one to clear out all the plates but this was not the case for me, we got the mochi variety dish but it was too frozen it didn't do the mochi justice, and our other dessert consisted of friend bananas (Which i am not a fan of) and coconut cream and the best coffee ice cream I have ever had! This meal was a fun teat and experience and the staff was amazing! . . Another tip on the side is make reservations, it was PACKED when we got there...
We REALLY liked this place.  The vibe was cool and hip.  The servers were fast and everyone was really polite.  They had an extensive selection of sake choices... But the best part came when Chef Herb came out from the kitchen to great us.  He then went on to make us 2 specialty dishes (not on the menu) just to make our first night there even more memorable.  I'm definitely recommending my friends to this place when they're in Vegas!
While celebrating 4th of July in Vegas I had a craving for sushi. My buddy went to lunch at SushiSamba and came back to the hotel raving about how amazing it was. I asked him if he'd be down to go back for dinner, "No Doubt!". We went and thegirls at the front of the restaurant were beautiful, bubbly and sincerely sweet. They helped get us seated right away at the bar. The head Chef named Herb came out personally to greet us since it was my buddies second time there in a day. Chef Herb talked with us for a few minutes and then sent us some complimentary dishes to show his appreciation for our appreciation of our food. That is how to build loyalty in a business. Make sure to make your customers feel welcomed and appreciated for the business they bring you. . . The food was amazing and I have been to top restaurants such as Nobu, Naoe, and Zuma and for the price difference between the two I would pick sushisamba hands down. The ambiance and decor was awesome. Our server was a Japanese girl who was on her game taking care of many tables at once and still took time to chat with us. Highly recommend this spot!
An excellent fusion of Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian.  What I found different about this establishment compared to others is the approach of ordering from their menu.  Our waiter asked us for a price range we're willing to spend.  An example range is $60-$120.  My brother (who's birthday we're celebrating) said about $80 per person.  Next, the waiter asks us what our likes, dislikes, allergies, etc in order to create a unique dining experience for us.  My brother basically said he doesn't want to eat sushi (he didn't feel like it that day), wants to try the gyoza, and definitely want to sample the kobe beef.  After our drinks arrived, we waited about 10-20 minutes before our appetizers and entrees came.. . We tried a variety of food which ranged from gyozas, skewers, sea bass, and kobe beef.  The main attraction is the kobe beef where they bring a large stone that's heated to 700 F for us to cook our thinly sliced beef on.  The waiter demonstrated by taking some butter and spreading it on top of the stone followed by laying the beef on top like it's sunbathing.  After a minute or two, the beef slices were dipped onto 1 of 3 sauces and finally onto our table.  The verdict: mouth watering bliss.  Almost as good as the kobe beef I had in Kobe, Japan!!!. . The last attraction is the birthday dessert given to my brother.  The candles were sparkling similar to the morning glory fireworks that kids hold in their hands.  Truly a memorable experience.
We came here for a bachelorette dinner with 11 girls. The service and food was amazing! We were told the items are mostly served family style but after looking through the menu we had no idea what to order. The server suggested doing their a la carte menu where we tell them a per person price point, our likes and dislikes and the chef will customize a meal for us. . . Best idea ever!!!. . We said $60 per person would be good.. . What we received: 3 course meal, complimentary dessert for the bride to be and a free round of small strawberry drinks for the table.. . The appetizer course had 4 plates: fried green beans, edamame, and peppers; dumplings; buffalo shrimp; taco with tuna I believe...but I told the waiter at the beginning that I dont eat anything raw and they bought me a lobster taco instead. . The entree course: steak and mushroom;  fish skewers (I normally don't eat fish but this was my favorite!); crab. . Sushi course: so much sushi I can't even name them all!. . Dessert: (for the bride) white and black chocolate mousse with small rice crispy chocolate balls. . The best part was that they customized the entire meal for us including the number of items for everyone to share. The $60 pp was more than enough food! With tip, tax and not including the bride's share, it came out to $80 pp. I think we could have done $50 and been satisfied bc we were super stuffed afterwards! Yum! . . I loved how we got to try a bit of everything!
Wow - this place was amazing!  This definitely raised the bar on what I will expect for sushi from now on!  Definitely must try the pork dumplings with pumpkin puree.  The carrot cake dessert was also fantastic.
Seriously one of the best meals I think I have ever had. They have Brazilian, Peruvian, and Japanese dishes on the menu and the decor reflects an interesting combination of these cultures. On this visit we stuck with Japanese especially since they have so many dishes with Wagyu beef. Ordered several sushi rolls, all of which were fantastic! We also tried some of the pork belly that was cooked with a miso glaze. Delish! By far the highlight of the meal was the Wagyu beef gyoza. Order this and I promise you won't be disappointed. The staff was all very friendly and gave us some very good recommendations!
On the Saturday of my bachelorette party, my girlfriends treated me to dinner at Sushi Samba.  It was a fabulous, memorable meal, where we ate well and celebrated in style.. . We were staying at The Palazzo, and Sushi Samba was the perfect venue for the occasion.  It was convenient to get to in heels, and the atmosphere was festive, edging on clubby without being obnoxious.  We had a big comfortable table, and service was excellent.  I wish we'd gotten the name of our waiter - he did a great job attending to our every need, and he guided us through the whole dining experience with expertise.  (For management - he was a tall guy who served a party of nine on 6/29.  You know, your only bachelorette party of the month?). . We ordered cocktails, which were pretty good.  I had a Blame it on Rio, a caipirinha variation with cachaca, agave syrup, fresh lime juice, cucumber, and jalapeno.  It was both cool and spicy, and it went down really easy.  The classic caipirinha was also great, with just the cachaca, lime, and sugar.  I also tried some of the Chu-Cumber, a shochu drink with Hendricks gin, elderflower liqueur, and muddled cucumber - very refreshing.  At some point, we got a complimentary cocktail tree, a beautiful iron tree bearing shot-sized wine glasses on every branch.  They held some frothy, sweet version of a screwdriver that was great for the occasion.. . Dinner was delicious.  We had the option of ordering a la carte or omakase, and we decided to keep things simple.  We specified a price point and listed dietary restrictions, and the food just started coming.  It was all served family style, and everything was well portioned for our big group.  We left full but not overstuffed - a plus, since it had taken a team to stuff me into my white dress for the night.  The cuisine was fun, a creative, unforced fusion of Japanese and Peruvian styles.. . First, we had a trio of vegetable otsumami, all served together in a lovely green array.  There was the staple edamame with sea salt and lime, and green bean tempura served with a rich black truffle aioli.  My favorite of the three, though, was the handful of shishito peppers.  These were grilled blistering black, polished with sea salt and lemon.  They were pretty irresistible.  Next we got a tray of Japanese A5 wagyu beef gyoza.  These were great, thin-skinned and stuffed with luscious hunks of beef rather than the usual mince.  They came with kabocha pumpkin puree, a sweet soy drizzle, and a su-shoyu dipping sauce.  The best thing I ate all night, though, was a crispy taquito overflowing with yelllowtail, avocado, and roasted corn miso.  The shell was thin and crunchy, and the fresh, tender fish was just right with that avocado, miso, and some thinly sliced vegetables.  The taquitos were served with spicy aji panca sauce and fresh lime - that piquant, frothy sauce was just the icing on a beautiful fusion taco cake.. . After the smaller plates were done, we moved on to big platters of sushi and sashimi.  I do not remember everything we got, as there were at least six or seven rolls and even more kinds of sashimi.  The rolls were great, a nice mix of California standards - you know, the mix and match of eel, yellowtail, tuna, etc. with avocado, cucumber, and dots of mayo - and more Samba-specific stuff, with the stray crab leg and lobster claw.  I particularly liked the Samba Strip, with Maine lobster tempura, mango, tomato, chive, soy paper, and a coating of crispy rice.  It was unusual and flavorful, served with a peanut curry.  The rest of the platter came with a sweet thick soy sauce and a bit of mayo.  The sashimi was more traditional, served on a bed of ice.  It was hard to share, as there was only one of each kind, but the slivers I had were great.. . The most filling part of the meal was the churrasco course.  We got two hefty platters of the Rio Grande with three meats, grilled hanger steak, ribeye, and chorizo.  These were great, juicy and tender and full of that hearty grilled meat flavor.  They came with a trio of dipping sauces - malagueta pepper oil, chimichurri, and a third that is infuriatingly absent from the menu.  We also had some sides of rice, beans, collard greens, and a medley of roasted vegetables - giant corn kernels, toothsome brussels sprouts, carrots, celery, pearl onions, and more.  We also got miso-marinated Chilean sea bass a la carte, with roasted organic vegetables and oshinko.  This was a winner - the fish was moist, flakey, and shot through with miso flavor.. . We were full by dessert, but loved the complimentary chocolate mousse, served with a sparkler and a congratulatory message.  The lush mousse came topped with crunchy chocolate pearls, whipped cream, and a little bit of candle-stuck banana.  We each got a sweet bite to end our wonderful dinner.. . In conclusion, my friends are the best - thank you girls for this weekend, and for this fun, delicious meal.  Sushi Samba was an A+ choice, worthy of a night I won't soon forget.
The BF and I ALWAYS eat here when we are in Vegas which is at least once or twice a year. (My favorite aunt lives there) Like most trendy Vegas restaurants, this one is GORGEOUS. It is located in the Palazzo hotel (my fave!!!). . You have to try their extensive list of Saki and their cocktails which are broken up by country: Japan, Brazil, Peru. Samba Juice is my favorite especially on a hot summer day.. . This place is a little pricey but is well worth the splurge. I don't know where else you can find this type of fusion!. . Our favorites are:. -Berkshire pork belly. -Sea Bass miso. -Neo Tokyo roll. -Yamato roll. -BoBo Brazil roll. -El Topo roll. . Add this to your bucket list!
First we brought a bottle of really nice white wine here.. . The manager came up and told us that the corkage fee would be $35. He then said if we bought one bottle on the wine list, including the large selection of Sake, he would waive the corkage fee. Epic win.. . We got two bottles of cold unfiltered sake which I recommend to all the yelpers out there. My Fiance had this bowl of soup dish that had pork, noodles, lot of spices, etc. I had some kind of roll which was very good.. . A couple people in our party ordered Churrasco Rio Grande which was this huge grill your own steak dish with tons of dipping sauces, sides, and meats. It was beyond delicious, and fun. You get to grill the meat on a hot stone.. . Basically, this is the only Fusion restaurant I have even been to that worked. The menu had a lot of vegan and vegetarian items as well, and the servers handled our party which was a little rambunctious to say the least.. . Prices are very reasonable.
I can't say enough good things about this place.  A+ for the friendly, quick, and attentive service.  A++ for the food.  I was there with a large group of girls for a bachelorette party (they brought out a beautiful display of complimentary strawberry shots!) and we all decided to do the chef's tasting menu.  Absolutely everything (gyoza, sushi, sashimi, steak, seabass) was fresh and delicious.  I can't wait to try out the other Sushisambas in other cities.
OMG!  I was super surprised how awesome this place was.  I was expecting some hyped up place since it was Vegas.  I was a bit skeptical since it is Japanese/Peruvian fusion.  Since it was my first time there, I didn't know what to order.  But with some tips of my friends who recommended the place, we opted for the waitress to make a menu for us.  She asked how much we wanted to spend.  I decided to go all out since it was my fiance's birthday weekend and said we wanted to spend a $100 per person.  I forgot what they brought out to us, but everything was so delicious.  Whenever I think of going to Vegas again, I definitely want to come back.  The service was great.  And we had about 6 people with us, so they just ordered off the menu.  If you don't like what they have on the menu, just have them make one for you.  They ask if you like raw fish or if your prefer cooked.  We weren't disappointed at all.
Very interesting fusion of peruvian and asian cuisine! Totally loved it. The kobe beef with the peruvian sauce...very highly recommended! Interesting seviche rolls..my palate was very happily confused at the end of dinner. Apart from the food the cocktails and sake were amazing too.
First of all... AMAZING!  If you're okay with Tapas style, paying a little more for a good meal, and willing to have fusion-y food... This place rocks!  The non-sushi plates are ALL worth trying... But our favorites were: Japanese A5 Wagyu Gyoza, Yellowtail Taquitos, the Peruvian Bay Scallops and the MELT ON YOU'RE MOUTH Sea Bass! . . Yes... This is a pricey joint, so maybe try the dishes that seem safe to you first, but everything we tried was simply amazing...That said, the sushi itself may not be anything too special, but the fusion items are totally worth every cent! . . My suggestion: check out the menu beforehand so you have an idea of what to start with... As with all fusion foods, the descriptions are essential :)  . . Of note: ALL the staff was helpful and friendly and intent on SERVICE...If you're lucky enough to get Isabella... Trust her!  Her suggestions were all on point!
Very good.  Nice sushi, interesting other dishes, super cool atmosphere.  Definitely a winner.
Planned a 12-person dinner celebration here for a bachelorette party over labor day weekend and couldn't have been happier with the choice! . . Sushi Samba was great from the get-go. We emailed them to see about their pre-fix ordering menu for bigger parties, and their events coordinator got back to us immediately with all the important details.. . The night of our reservation, my friend and I arrived at the restaurant early with some requests for our dinner. The hostess brought out the manager AND our waiter to speak with us directly. Both accommodated us perfectly in our requests for pre-ordering drinks, finding an ideal price-point for our group, and making sure the menu suited our needs. . . We were seated in their backroom at a great big table. Our waiter was extremely friendly without being overbearing. We ordered the family-style meal and asked for options on the lighter/fresher/fishier side of things. All items we got were awesome-- they hit the nail on the head with our requests: . . green bean tempura, tuna tataki, ceviche tacos, terriyaki fish skewers, a wide variety of sushi, edamame... and even more! They also made special plates for one of the girls who didn't eat raw fish. Bonus points right there!. . At our price point (about $40/per person before tax and tip) we had plenty of food and even extra left over. Splitting everything family style made for a really fun evening and made splitting the check extremely easy. . . I would definitely recommend this place to anyone planning a party. Now I just have to check out Sushi Samba in Chicago!
I love this happy hour. They had a pear martini that was to die for. The lemon martini hit the spot. We tried all rolls on the happy hour and definitely would go for this weekly. Prices great for what quality you get!! I wouldn't steer you wrong this place is. Def better than the rest.
In the city that never sleeps and a hunger to feed, there are so many restaurants to choose from. Sushi samba is one of my favorites. We always go with a group and get the chefs tasting. It starts at $50/person and you get 3-4 dishes per course. My favorite dishes are the sea bass skewers and moquesca mista! So amazing in taste and flavors.
We come here every time we are in Vegas. Amazing food and good service.  A couple of my favorites off the menu are the yellowtail ceviche and the mushroom red miso soup.. . We've come both for lunch and for dinner.  The vibe at dinner time is like a club...maybe people come here before they hit the clubs or something.  It's dark and the music is crazy loud.  But my 80 year old grandma still enjoys it even with the loud music so it's not too big of a deal.  . . If you're ever in Vegas I definitely recommend coming here.  Everything is good.
The manager Allen was so amazing... I come here a lot! I'm a local and I must say I never get tired of it. On Date night I could eat here every time! My newest obsession is the El Topo! If you are in Vegas please try them out they do not disappoint!
Oh my goodness. I would have to say the dinner I had here was one of the best treats I've had this year! I am so fortunate to have gotten this experience that I will never forget. It was so awesome! If coming here, I'd suggest making reservations because it is jam packed, but only because it is THAT good. The environment is bustling and vibrant. So. Much. Fun! . . When my friends showed up we got seated right away were introduced to the chef who told us he had many special dishes on their way. First off they presented us with a tower of drinks! All mini glasses of their specialty cocktails. So awesome! There were four of us and they brought us a total of 3 towers, so we each got to try 6 different flavors. Loved it so much. The variety was just amazing. I'd have to say my top 3 favorites were the Chu-cumber (cucumber flavored one), the lemon samurai, and pisco sour (I have visited Peru before so I've had the opportunity to try an authentic version of this before). So so great!. . All the meals brought out for us to share were fantastic! The Peruvian corn was different a cool blend of flavors to add to our palette. The Alaskan king crab legs were perfection! And my other favorite dishes were the mini tacos and the shelled scallops. So amazing! Other fantastic dishes I got to try were the salt and pepper squid, rock shrimp tempura (amazing), miso marinated sea bass, chicken teriyaki-samba style... Like I said. One. Amazing. Experience!!! I can't wait to come back again.
Delicious food, great vibe, and the absolute best service! Never had my glass lower than half gone.  They were quick on picking up plates and would give you new plates and chopsticks with every order. Wonderful all around!
Love the atmosphere! had my boyfriends 30th b-day here and it was fantastic. You have to get the meat platter, its a steal for what you get!
One of the best Asian fusion restaurants I have been to. Typically I find restaurants based in a hotel setting to be sub par to your local restaurant, BUT sushi samba blew my socks off!. Great inventive selections and amazing drinks while listening to the DJ spinning!
In las Vegas as well as other big restaurant/entertainment towns, good food is expected but in Las Vegas it sometimes does not fully compare to Chicago and NY.. . However, the one place I finally went to was Sushi Samba and what a great surprise.  I tend to avoid sushi in several places when traveling unless in Hawaii and some parts of CA and Japan.  Sushi Samba had some of the best dishes I have had and the quality was great.  They have a variety of menu items with small plates and full entrees.  They do some traditional sushi but mostly more interesting variations as well as the S American dishes.  Some of the items were:. Rock fish. Wagyu Gyoza. Rock shrimp tempura. Green bean tempura. Pork belly. Moqueca Mista. Seafood coconut milk and rice with green onion. Yamato sushi roll(maguro, Fois gras, Osetra caviar). Uni shushi outstanding . Great sake list. . All the fish and shellfish were fresh and well prepared.. . It gets busy so we ate at the bar and the service was excellent there.  Luna and Maria can help with picking some great dishes at the bar.. . It is on the higher price side but worth it compared to a lot of other places where the food doesn't always live up to the expectations in Vegas.  Looking forward to next trip back there.
I really want a Bay Area restaurant to steal Sushi Samba's Wagyu Gyoza with pumpkin puree. WOW. I was excited to try this restaurant because the ambiance looked edgy and I was curious to try Japanese/Peruvian/Brazilian-fusion food. We were greeted with an amazing scallop dish, compliments of the chef, which assured me that I was going to be in for a great meal. The sake/wine/cocktail list was impressive and our waiter helped us choose a really nice, unfiltered, cold, sake. Our table of 4 opted to state a price per head and allowed our waiter to choose our menu for us. We had 2 must-haves - the wagyu gyoza and the pork belly. I was afraid we would leave a bit hungry but the waiter insisted $60-70/person would fill us up. Boy, was he right! We were graced with plate after plate of delectable food items. We pretty much ate every dish that most Yelpers commented on. Our drink bill w/ a bottle of wine, bottle of sake, and a round of cocktails made our bill hefty but this was such a memorable meal that no one complained! Service was fantastic, the ambiance colorful and lively, and the food is amazing! Will make our way here again next time we take a trip to Vegas.
No way I can give it less than a 5. Best Asian fusion food in Vegas!  I eat there at least once every time I am in Vegas. Definitely try the Tuna Taquitos and Duck apps. My only gripe is food comes so quickly!
Best. Sushi. Ever.  My absolute favorite thing, though, is the Chilean sea bass on skewers. It just melts in your mouth.  Yellow Tail tacos are delicious as well.  I've never tried anything here that I didn't like. Just. Yummy. Deliciousness.
I went to this place for my 30th (I'm not one of those women that feels the need to lie about my age---yet!). We had a reservation for 3 people at 8:30 but didn't get seated until about 8:45, which wasn't too bad. I would recommend getting your drink order in ASAP because I felt like it took awhile for our waiter to come at all. That's really my only complaint with this place--I feel like try didn't have enough waitstaff. Oh, and the place is loud as hell (but great club music) so be prepared to shout your order.. . I highly recommend doing the chef's tasting menu (not on the menu I think)-- you pick a price point you want to spend (we spent $70 pp) and then let the server know what types of food you don't like or have allergies to. It's a great way to sample all they have to offer. Some of out dishes included ceviche tacos, a platter with edamame, roasted chilies, and tempura green beans with white white truffle aioli (to die for btw), Kobe beef gyoza, wagyu and sea bass skewers with Peruvian corn, and two different kinda of sushi rolls with tuna and tempura shrimp. . . I consider myself a foodie and I was thoroughly impressed.
I would like to update my previous review. I was promptly contacted my management about our previous bad experience. The manager welcomed us to come back and give it another shot. WE did and we had the most amazing time and food. Thank you Jason, server, and Allen, manager. You made my friends 30 birthday experience. For food recommendations I would recommend asking your server for suggestions. Jason ordered all of our food for us. It was spot on.my personal favorite was the sea bass skewers. I plan to return on my next trip to Vegas.
Oh man, most likely the best meal as a whole that I've ever had was here at SushiSamba. My group of 12 went with the tasting menu that was recommended by our waiter where they bring out a bunch of plates and will replace anything that you don't like with something new. A list of things I remember being placed in front of me: Otsumami, Salt and Pepper Squid, Berkshire Pork Gyoza(maybe the best thing I've ever tasted), and a large variety of sushi. Everything was dynamite. I don't like to gush in my reviews, and this place already has a ton of great, informative reviews, so I'll leave mine where it is, but I'm going to have a hard time finding a restaurant that beats SushiSamba.
Sushi Samba is in the Palazzo Hotel.  The manager, Michael, checked on us and chef Jules prepared wonderful dishes.  That restaurant took Sushi dining to a whole new level if you want a slight twist to the traditional cuisine. The sauces, spices and preparation have a Caribbean or South American kick to it. Sounds strange for the Sushi purists out there?  Try it and your taste buds will pop with new discoveries that will simply bring a smile to your face. How many times did members of our party say awesome?  Too many to count. Christine, our server, is professional, courteous, accommodating and patient. She knows the menu and foremost on her mind is customer service. Wonderful food and service. That place has it made. I will definitely go there again.  I wish they had a place out here in Southern California.
This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. The Chilean sea bass 10/10 is the most scrumptious skewer of tender fish and it literally will melt in your mouth. . . The Peruvian bay scallops garlic style (not on the menu ask for this!!!) are also not to be missed.. . Excellent sake selection, and they will also reheat your bottle for you if it gets lukewarm.. . The Yamato roll 10/10. Served with foie gras - I just wish there were more than 3 dang guess I gotta order seconds.
Amazing sushi!! Service is amazing!! We eat there at least twice every time we're in Vegas. Beats any other place in town.
What a wonderful meal!. . My boyfriend and I were in Vegas on a weekend trip and I had come across SushiSamba on yelp while doing some research before our trip.  We were staying at the Venetian so the location was perfect.  We had a reservation for 10:00 on a Saturday night.  It was packed full but we were seated promptly and the service was excellent.  My favorite dish was the Neo Toyko roll.... So delicious!!!  The decor is beautiful as well and they have a wonderful party room is you have a larger group.  I will be sure to visit again next time I'm in Vegas.
We loved Sushi Samba food was great the bartenders recommendation was on point!!!! Mari & Megan are a great team ... Great experience also Isabella was awesome!!!!
The food was AMAZING, as was the service. My mom and I went and basically just relied on recommendations from our server, Homer. He recommended the most delicious cocktails and dishes. He even surprised us with one dish simply based on the preferences we mentioned and it was incredible. It was scallops with a sweet/teriyaki-like glaze and Peruvian corn on the side. Highly recommend. . . We also had the cucumber cocktail, lychee bubbletail, and lychee martini. All amazing. We ordered the special roll for the night which was phenomenal. Additionally, we got the taquitos (more like tacos with a hard shell) with the yellowtail, absolutely delicious. I doubt you can go wrong here. . . Unfortunately for all of you, that was Homer's last night. Huge loss to SushiSamba, I must say.
Fun sushi bar to go before a show or if you are with a group.  Imagine Asian fusion meets South America.  Great sushi, unique tapas style plates and innovative cocktails.. . Service was awesome - our server did a great job sharing all her favorites and specials, was extremely attentive even though it was a very busy Saturday night.. . Looking for a fun, casual dining spot in Las Vegas???  This place would get a thumbs up from me and my friend.
Food never disappoints. The drinks are awesome.
The service and food is amazing.  I came by myself - a mini vacation before Monday business - and was treated like I was a party of 10.  I ordered one of the special samba rolls - Maine lobster in crispy rice with asparagus, avocado and mango with a nice peanut dipping sauce.  I was pleasantly surprised that it came with a lobster claw with a good serving of lobster meat.  The sushi is also high quality.  I enjoyed one of my base test sushis of tuna and it was very fresh and flavorful.  Don't miss this great sushi spot at the Palazzo.
I was looking for a quick dinner before heading to bed and sushi sounded great.  I was solo so a nice seat at the bar, a little DJ music and great bar service was just the touch.  Had two sushi rolls and loved the bartenders recommendation the Lima.  Shrimp tempera with crab was amazing.  Also had two mojitos, great night. Definitely recommend.
Service, atmosphere and food were excellent. On the pricey side but unique rolls and traditional favorites. We just had the sushi and an amazing bottle of sake.
I have been here a few times now. You have 2 options. You can go omakase, which is nice because you can actually choose the amount of money you want to spend. I recommend at least $50 but to you your own. They will bring out as much or as quality as you spend. They will ask you your allergies, likes and dislikes and the chefs will create a course for you. Make sure to always get the sea bass skewers. The sushi rolls are just OK but everything else on the menu is way above average. If I can't make up my mind in Vegas to eat, I end up here.
Best sushi I've ever had. So unbelievably fresh and delicious. Service was flawless, you truly get what you pay for here. We told our waitress our pricepoint, which was about $80 per person and she brought us a mix of items catered specifically to our interests. Best meal I've had in Vegas, must go!
Awesome and fun restaurant for your visit to Vegas. Told the chef to surprise us and we were pretty easy going and eager to try new things-- and he absolute outdid himself. Highly recommended.
Service was knowledgable, considerate, and attentive. Food was tasty with a nice combination of flavors and textures. A little pricey. But it is Las Vegas.
This is the second time I've been here and it's super delicious. I would highly recommend the family style tasting menu. You try a variety of things that I probably would not have ordered and it's totally delicious. I would highly recommend.
Ryan our waiter was really good and helpfull. I dont like sushi but he suggested to create them with shrimp tempura and some spices and it was delicious.  Will definitely come again.
If you don't know what to order,  go for the tasting menu. Just tell them your price range and what you would like. The kobe beef definitely a try! Very convenient location, good for shopping or walk after having all the food.
Popped in for happy hour and it was probably the best happy hour I've been to in a long time! $6 for the lemon samurai cocktail, which was delicious, and a great selection of appetizers. I think HH is every day so I will definitely be adding it to my must-do list. The appetizer portions aren't huge but you could probably fill up with enough orders.
