I have never watched the Fountains in its entirety until now... . . SOOO ROMANTIC!!!. . We had prime seating on the patio of Mon Ami Gabi, smack dab in the middle. The water show was amazing and showcased both holiday and well-known songs.. . With Bellagio in the backdrop, it was absolutely gorgeous!!! Oh and yes, it's FREE :)
doesn't matter how many times you take a trek to LAS, this is a must-see Every. Single. Time.
I'm in LOVE! What can I say...everything about the Bellagio screams Romance, Passion, Elegance....and the fountains are nothing short of spectacular! I enjoy opera, but the music, lights, water...it's mesmerizing! I just can't say enough!! It's a MUST see in Vegas!! (& like the others have said...it's FREE, always a plus!)
i love it, it gives me goosebumps!
We stood there right in the middle of the viewing area, freezing what skin what exposed to the frigid air. We huddled as close as possible, wondering why it wasn't already snowing and why the water hasn't frozen yet. All of this, however, generated enough romance to heat things to a boil.. . We watched two shows with appropriately themed music that was timed to a tee. The music boomed, and the water shot high in orgasmic fashion. You could feel the pressure on your face, and if the wind was strong enough, the spray also. I think the Bellagio was secretly trying to help me get get laid with all of these subconscious persuasions.   . . Thanks Bellagio!
I am absolutely in love with this place. Been in Vegas 4 days and seen the show 7 times if not more. It is romantic, stunning, breath taking and free. If you are in Vegas and never seen the fountains, you have to try to make it at least once. I love it.
This is a classic. . Hotels come and go....shows come and go.  But, this is still fresh and unique after so many years.  I don't think it will ever get old.
One of the best shows in Vegas, and it's completely free of charge.  It's absolutely breathtaking at night and very romantic, the colors and ambiance of the setting really sets your senses on fire when you add the catalyst of the music, you almost have to kiss someone if you're standing in front of the fountains during the show because you just get swept up in the music and colors and the streams of water dancing about.  . . You absolutely must stop by here if you're in Vegas or on a date or getting married, heck just stop by.  You can't beat free and it's something positive you will always remember about Vegas, whilst trying to forget the money you lost.
The shows here are amazing, just amazing, day or night, although I prefer the night shows. The sou nd system is spectacular and the synchronization of music with the fountains leaves me impressed with all the work the engineers must have put into this place.. . My fave is the Andrea Bocelli piece. It's powerful and yet so passionate and romantic. I've been to Vegas so many times, I lost count. I even lived there for a summer, yet everytime I come, I always stop by to see the fountains.
Yes 5 stars isn't enough to describe the beauty and creativity involved in this production
Just beautiful.  If you stay in the hotel, there is a tv channel that plays the music while you watch out your window.  *LOVE*
This is such a huge attraction on the strip.  And how can it not be?  The precision and power behind each blast leaves you in awe. The 2 times we've been to Vegas, we ended up watching this the most.  It seems to last about the perfect length of time for an attraction.  . . Day time shows are great, but you have to watch it at night with the water all lit up.  It's a completely different show with a completely different feel at night.  . . Obviously this comes highly recommended and we will watch it numerous times on our next trip back.
This is the ultimate romantic show on the Las Vegas strip. I've seen it dozen of times and it never gets old. The shows start at 8pm and run every half an hour until 11pm. It's also very free and a very nice opportunity for all you photo bugs out there.. . Highly recommended.
A Vegas staple and must see. Sit, snuggle, and enjoy.. . You can see from both sides of the lake (which does, btw look like the town of Bellagio, in Lake Como, Italy) but you hear the songs better from the Bellagio side.. . Show starts every 15 minutes!
The only way for me to enjoy Celine Dion - My Heart Will Go On is if I'm in Vegas and Fountains of Bellagio are dancing to the song.. .  I love these fountains and it's kind of sad if you looked down to the water, people throw away trash into the water. I saw many "girls direct to rooms" fliers, food wrappers, cups, and even coins!!! This is not a wishing well, people. Keep your trash away and throw your coins at me. I will make your wish not come true. :).
First time in Vegas... and the water show was what I expected.... amazing. The last day we went back one last time to see the show and it came on but no music was playing.  It is not the same without the music but it is still a nice free show outside the Bellagio.
There's really no way to give such an interesting spectacle anything less than 5 stars. People eat this shit up like free chocolate and it has to do wonders for the Bellagio and what should be a sparse marketing department. They're nice enough to run it many times a day so that folks can stare at the front of their building for a bit and then think to themselves "Self, you know you should go in there..."
Bellagio water show is the best free outdoor attraction in vegas. I think its better than the mirage and treasure island attractions. My hubby and I always stop and check out the watershow when were walking the strip and it never gets old or boring! it starts every 15 mins after a certain time, and I'd def recommend seeing it from the eiffel tower.
One of the most famous aspects of Vegas, and it's completely free. Can't beat that. Well I guess they could pay you to go there. A budding entrepreneur was hopping around selling beers, does that count?. . They have shows pretty much all day long at regular intervals (15-30 minutes), so stop by and LOOK AT IT.
i can't believe i'm about to describe a glorified, timed series of water sprays set to music as breathtaking, but it truely was.  gawd i wish i had seen it at night- i can only imagine how much more in awe i'd be.  i might even catch a mosquito as my mouth hangs open in wonder...  . . not a sight to miss while on the strip!
sometimes, i like to pretend that i'm staring at the fountains alongside danny ocean & his posse. . . and then the record skips.. . i didn't just screw over andy garcia. i'm not going to be in a sequel. or two. and i just got smacked in the leg by some unruly 5-year old with slurpee-hands. . . ...it's just one of those things you "gotta do" in vegas. . . and it's free.
I love watching the water show during winter. They play the most magical spiritual Christmas songs.  It just puts me into a trance.  There is no worries to be found, all is floated along the long pavement of water.  All you have is the water dancing along the path with bright lights highlighting the movements.  Wow... it is a view to see.  If you are ever feeling down and out, I am sure this will do the trick.  The water fountain show is breath taking.  The music that they play is loud and you can hear it from two blocks away.  Bellagio did a wonderful job with this show.  And.. and... it's free!  No matter where you stand you will still get a good view.  It's really that big.  The show plays every half an hour.  This is great for those that are on a budget.  A free budget that is. haha Enjoy kids!  I like to watch it in the evening when it's dark.  The effect is much better.  (=
The fact that a shooting water fountain has its own review makes me realize why I love Yelp, and why I loved the show. I gotta be honest, movies and TV do NOT do the fountains justice! I saw a couple shows there and let me tell you, it WILL stop you in your path, You will be absolutely blown away by the amazing production that is put on. Take in the sights and sounds and you will get goose bumps, guaranteed. If you are in Vegas, why would you ever miss this spectacular show. SEE IT!!!!
I don't think you can complain about the #1 free thing in Vegas. I  have watched it at least 50 times and it is always worth your time. Must-stop but that is obvious
Amazing. You must see it. I have never seen anything like it in my life. . . At some parts of the show, the water shoots to the penthouse level of the Bellagio. Simply spectacular. I was in town for four days and continued to miss the fountain show for one reason or another. I didn't think I was going to see it before leaving, but I managed to make the first showing on Monday :). . Pro tip: check the days and times of shows (they begin and end at funny times depending on the day)
Ok I just reviewed Sirens of TI and said, "hey its free." This is free and does not scream free, low budget or anything of the sort...duh.  There really is no landmark that screams Vegas like the Bellagio Fountains.. . We have watched it from Mon Ami Gabie in the past and right by it during the day, but this year, I want to really watch it at night.  It's so stunning, not the least bit of a "small, simple attraction," romantic and always, sophisticated.. . For everyone who says the Bellagio is over (thanks to these new 5-star hotels popping up), it will always have the fountains.
Always the highlight of my Vegas trips! Songs I've seen the fountains play to include a Josh Groban song, and Singing in the Rain :) Can I have one at my wedding??
Simple and Graceful. Such a beautiful moment. It seems that the fountains dance for you, and only you. Love the classy music, too. They were playing One from A Chorus Line. . . It's one of those FREE Vegas moments you just got to do.
Great show anytime of the day. At night the fountains will light up different colors very nice and romantic.
The fountain show is really entertaining.  The music they pump out is clear and loud.  The water shoots higher than you think it would be able to and it's just all around a good time depending on whether you  like the song playing or not.
I love how the simplest things garner the most stars on yelp---how else should things be? Bellagio the fountain is nearer 5 stars than the hotel, probably because a Yelp Elite member gave it one star because they're blaming getting sick in Vegas on a strange allergy they have to teflon on the stove tops in the rooms.. . So, a mere ten minute fountain show with music ranging from classical to showbiz Leonard Bernstein, this is for sure a must-see in Vegas. It's one of the many throw-ins offered to everyone on the strip, and you've never quite seen anything like it. Vegas seems to have an obsession with wasting water, but they do it in such an aesthetically pleasing way that you just have to say "Sin City's really got it all".. . Actually, it's a good place to hang out and gaze up at the night sky at the Cosmopolitan, Paris, Aria and other luminescent eye candy scraping the man-lit heavens around you. Extra bonus vibes if you're rolling or getting folkloric.. . If nothing else, light up a cig and see if you're handheld lasts the whole ten minutes. Nice way to gauge whether you should change brands, yea?
This is my favorite free show on the strip.  When the fountains dance to Andrea Bocelli, it's beautiful.  It isn't as great when they sync it to Elvis.  Nevertheless...for me, this is a must see when I'm taking someone new to the strip.. . Check it out from Mon Ami Gabi @ Paris, the Fontina Bar @ Bellagio, or the Eiffel Tower.  . . I have a few more days in Vegas and I'm sure I'll be seeing the shows at least 4 more times.
Beautiful fountains keeping time to wonderful music for free? How would you not give this 5 stars? . . It's a very entertaining show as the water blasts out of cannon like fountains and make for some especially beautiful showings at night. Very family friendly and with the water all around, a nice place to cool off on a hot Vegas night. . . If you've never seen the show, it's a must see, and if you have, it could become a staple to your visits to Vegas.
Vegas isn't all about getting into a drunken stupor! What a lot of people fail to experience in Vegas are the amazing shows and delicious food! Believe it or not, but Vegas has a lot more to offer than over-priced, watered-down alcohol and girls that are DTF (term from Jersey Shore). . . Some of the shows, like Cirque du Soleil, are quite expensive; however, the water show at the Fountains of Bellagio is absolutely complimentary! It's an amazing show that incorporates the beautiful Bellagio hotel as a background, water, opera/classical music, and lights. It's really hard to not stand there, in awe, as water is shot up over 100 feet into the air. It's truly stunning!. . I think the show runs every 30 minutes during the day and every 15 minutes in the evenings, so you'll have plenty of opportunities to become mesmerized!
The most amazing free thing to do on the strip!!! They are absolutely mesmerizing the water takes on a personality of it's own, and you cannot help to stare. Gives me goosebumbs, absolutely incredible.
Great photo spot if you can get a clear view between people passing by. . I always think of Oceans 11, and watching the show either at night or day, i like to take that moment to just clear my head of the smoke and slot machine chatter and just enjoy the show!
I've been to Vegas since the early 90's and ever since Bellagio opened, the fountain show is always a must see that never gets old to me.  I love the music that's collaborated with the water show and you always get a front view of the show.  My favorite time to go is during the winter holidays because of the music selection.  I feel so warm, cozy, and lovable inside whenever the show goes on even though it's so cold from the water mist.  . . Bonus Tips:  This is a free show unlike majority of the shows in Vegas.  You always have a front view no matter how busy it gets.  Lastly, the show usually plays every half hour on the dot depending on the season.. . Interesting Information:  Did you know the person who created the Bellagio fountain show also created the fountain show for Americana at Brand in Glendale?
I was in Vegas for NYE 2010, and upon exploring the Strip, a girlfriend and I sidled up to the fountains. She, being from SoCal & a regular Vegas visitor, had seen them so many times before, but she thankfully obliged me. As we stood there, me woefully underdressed and shivering like a loon (I had just come from 4.5 feet of snow in Philadelphia, so despite the weather reports I was praying for sweltering Vegas weather!), I joyfully listened to the music and stood entranced by the dancing water. We have something very small "inspired" by this in Atlantic City, but woah, this was amazing! I'm not sure I'd go totally out of my way to see this unless I was with other first-timers or little kids, but I would love to catch it again at night. . . Also, it's free!! Can't beat that!
The Fountains at Bellagio are a must see!  They are even better at night!  the musica and dancing water show is spectacular!  You can't beat the free admission!
The fountain show is one of the best free hotel shows on the strip. Simple, elegant and romantic with the fountains rising hundreds of feet in a dazzling display to the rhythm of whichever song is playing, sometimes classical, opera or broadway music. Takes you away from all the glitz and hype of Vegas for a breath of fresh air and magic.
No visit to Vegas for me is complete until I see the Fountains of Bellagio at least once.  In truth I probably stay and end up seeing them a bunch of times.  . . Of the free shows to be seen on the strip (The Mirage has an exploding volcano, Treasure Island has a horrible live-action Pirate show, inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace there something where some Greek God does something) the Fountains of Bellagio are the best.  It's rewarding, impressive and completely entertaining.  It really makes me feel like a kid again, and I'm in awe every single time.. . The fountains are synced to different songs, but if you want wait around to see a Sinatra or Elvis Presley song, those tend to be the best.  . . The fountains never get old.  Probably even considering paid shows, this is still the best.
Go in the day and go at night. Can get busy, but for a reason, it's awesome! And free.
There's nothing bad to be said about the fountains at Bellagio.  They are a recognizable Las Vegas icon for a reason.  No trip to the strip would be complete without at least one mesmerizing song in front of the fountains.  They do a great job somehow keeping a predictable attraction fresh and new.  I have seen them many times and am entertained every showing.  During the spring and summer it can get crowded for the show times, but it's worth it.  While you're there you can also get you picture taken with a variety of characters and maybe even buy a couple beers from a guy with a suitcase cooler.  Come on, you're on vacation!
LOVED this! It was my favorite thing in Vegas! It reminded me of fireworks except with water. I would stay at the Bellagio just to have a view of these fountains every night!
So amazingly beautiful!  And the best part is it is free.  Free entertainment in Vegas.  I love it.  And I enjoyed the music the water dances to.  It is so entertaining to watch.
can never get tired of it! so pretty!... on the hour every hour.
Right in front of the Bellagio.  Usually playing every half hour or so after dusk.  .    Its free, its entertaining, and its set to music.   So here's how you watch it.  Check the times it is set to play,.. if its longer then you want to wait, go inside the Bellagio and check out the Dale Chihuly glass display and the garden display to kill some time.  Get back at least 15 minutes before the show if you want a good spot.  The first time seeing it I would recommend to get as close as you can,..you can hear the music much better, and really feel the power of the water jets and just how high these jets shoot.  .   Now, after you've seen it for free,.. go across the street to the paris and pay the 16 bucks to ride to the top of the eiffle tower. Once at the top, stick around and make sure your facing the Bellagio side.  Wait for the water show to come on, and you're watching it in the coolest way possible.   And the pictures you can take from the tower are great. .    Again, free, fun to watch, kids love it,.. and for a few more bucks you can see it, and the rest of the strip, from the eiffle tower.
Beautiful!! . . I like when they play "Hey Big Spender"!! . . Best time for viewing is at night - front and center! Or you could view them from the Paris Eiffel Tower obeservation deck which is nice too.
It feels like the best first date you've ever been on.....every time ;)
Free, beautiful and entertaining. My wife and I ate dinner across the street on the Patio of Mon Ami Gabi and spent the evening watching the fountains as we dined. We had a late dinner and the sun was setting when we started and it was dark when we finished. See the show at night, it's much better. . . After seeing the shows during dinner, we walked over to see it in the dark from the railing. It was rather impressive. I can't remember all of the songs we heard, I do know some of them I did not care for. But it's free and whoam I to complain?. . If you are in Vegas, it would be foolish to pass up the opportunity to see them at least once.
Mu man bei einem Las Vegas Besuch unbedingt mal gesehen haben
Still spectacular, and worth a visit every time we come to Vegas. Exceptional at night of course with the lights. It's a great centerpiece for the whole strip and city if you ask me. Impressive.
awesome show!!! good music!!!!free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The best part is:  FREE.  I have seen the show several times before, but this time, I'm staying at the Cosmopolitan hotel and our patio faces the fountain!  Amazing view from room - can hear the music that the fountain play along to.  Show is repeated throughout the day.  Every 30 min during day and every 15 at night.  Each show is a different song - The night show is amazing with all the lights.  Kid friendly - a definite thing to see while in Vegas!  And why not, did I mention it's free?!?  :)
it's a very romantic beautiful spot at night, especially when the music is on. took some vedios and still feel excited when replaying it at home.
LOVE LOVE LOVEEEEE THIS!!!. . It's free, each show is always different. It never gets old and boring because they must of have at least 10 different songs and water style every 15-30minutes.. . In my opinion, one of THE best free attractions there is in the fabulous city of Vegas.
You can't get much better than this for free in Vegas. We found a great spot near the front to watch the fountain and we stayed for two shows. We could hear the music clearly and really enjoyed the two shows. It was crowded, but we weren't uncomfortable.
First time I got to see them! They werebeautiful, very impressive
A must see for everyone that comes to Vegas! Its free and its a different show every 15min every night
Best free show in Vegas.  love the opera music and the water/light performance.  the only downside is that it gets very crowded.
LOVE LOVE LOVE the fountain show. . . Yes, I know its dancing water with stupid light bulbs shining through.  Yes, I know we're just listening to Muzak.. Yes, I know its crowded as f*ck and we're all watching water.. . I don't care... its freaking amazing and I have to watch it when I go to Vegas.  EVERY.  DAMN.  TIME.
On my way to Absinthe at Ceaser's Palace and noticed tourists conglomerating along the perimeter of the fountains.  Perfect timing!  Less than a minute later, Sinatra booms on the loud speaker and the fountains strut their stuff.  Sort of reminds me of The Rockettes or how I'd imagine they'd be if they were H2O.  Kicking high, kicking low, all in unison.  Now let's go! . . What a brilliant display of aqua pyrotechnics!  I'm sure a lot of money went into this, the technology and not to mention, the maintenance.  One of the exciting things that are free on the Strip.  Best seen at night in its full splendor.  Not to be missed!. . #Yelp 365:  042/365
It's been about 2 months since my Vegas trip and I still miss it =[  My girlfriends and I were walking past Caesar's Palace and we noticed a bunch a people standing around. I looked up and realized it was the location of the fountain show. We waited for a couple of minutes and then it began. It was beautiful and romantic. Made me miss my boyfriend back home. Definitely something to see when in Vegas and of course it's free!
Simply spectacular saw this the first night I came to Vegas and was astounded.  Did not even see this from the front side but rather the back (the side closer to the hotel) and it was still jaw dropping.  If it is your first time to Vegas it is a must see, actually wait for that matter it is a must see any time you are in Vegas.  It optimizes what Vegas is all about grandeur, opulence, and just down right amazing.
If you only do one tourist thing in Vegas then the fountains at the Bellagio should be that thing. I go here very time Im on the strip. The music with the water displays will make you feel like the show is just for you. (Tip try to go at Christmas time the music/ display will put you in a holiday mood) and the best part of it is it will only cost you 10 mintues of your time. A free show in Las Vegas?!? You cant beat that!
Ineffably beautiful. Who knew I'd be so easy to entertain? Some water and music, and I'm a sucker. . . The water goes in perfect unison to the music, and even though this show is on during the day, it is beautiful and breathtaking on a whole new level at night. The lights, water, and music combined are amazing. . . On our last weekend to Las Vegas, we watched about 8 different water shows in front of Bellagio! Sometimes, we just stood out there after one show waiting for the next one. It was that great!. . My favorite song/show was "Con Te Partiro" (Andrea Bocelli and Sarah Brightman). The music and the water were so beautiful, I almost cried. I'm a chump. . . I also really loved:. . - Frank Sinatra: "Luck Be a Lady". - Catherine Zeta-Jones: "All That Jazz" from "Chicago". - Frank Sinatra: "Fly Me to the Moon". . In a town where a decent dinner costs at least around $40/person, and where everything else is expensive and costs money that most people are perfectly willing to spend, it's kind of brilliant that a show of this grandiose scale and beauty is totally free. . . Can't wait to come back to watch some more. We must have watched at least 8 or so shows, and we didn't get a single repeat of any songs, even though we came on different days and times. . . Awesomeeeeeeeee.
I love them! Really amazing, I saw them from the eiffel tower and was spectacular!!
The Fountains of Bellagio are a great source of entertainment on the Strip! We make it a point to stop and watch a few shows every time we come to Vegas. Rarely is it so crowded that one can't get a seat right on the water, but it does happen. The shows are either every 30-minutes or every 15-minutes depending on how late in the night it is (I believe the 15-minute shows are later in the evening). The music selection covers everything from Aaron Copeland's "Hoe Down", to "Hey Big Spender" from Sweet Charity, to Lee Greenwood's "God Bless the USA", to Elvis' staple "Viva Las Vegas" and Old Blue Eyes' "New York, New York", to the incredible duet "Con Te Partiro (Time to Say Goodbye)" by Andrea Bocceli and Sara Brightman. Personally, "Con Te Partiro" is my favorite. The music ebbs and flows elegantly and beautifullyas the fountains dance along. The song itself is intensely beautiful and holds special memories for my brothers, friends, and I (it was the one show we couldn't get enough of on my 21st birthday, and sadly one of those friends has passed away since).. Watch one show or watch them all, you'll love it!
It is very well put together. In the day not too exciting but at night very pretty
you did not go to vegas if you didnt see the fountains i dont care what anyone says! . . this is a must!!!!
probably the top free show in vegas. it's just so damn cool. i picture myself, standing next to george, brad, and the rest of oceans 11 after a huge casino heist. i'm of course wearing a 10,000 dollar suit and i look much better than in real life.. . an absolute must see in vegas, both night and day shows are extremely impressive!
I really don't know what else I can say that other Yelpers haven't. This is a great little attraction to see on the Strip. I like it better at night when the lights shine around it. It's also convenient because it runs about every 20 minutes or so. So if you just missed one you don't have to wait too long for the next one.
i don't know how many times i've been to vegas, but my most recent trip there was the first time I actually watched the fountains of bellagio and LOVED IT!!! It just seems to put that smile on your face, no matter how tired or hungover you may be :)
I went here on my last trip to Vegas and it was awesome.  They really do try hard to orchestrate the music and fountains to create an awesome show!!  Tip: Do not use the skybridge over Las Vegas Blvd. to watch the show, despite the glass walls you will get wet.  Well, at least in the winter time, summer, do as you wish!!
My favorite hotel in Vegas... with the best FREE show in Vegas.. . How can you NOT like the Bellagio fountains?! A beautiful fountain show accompanied by music that seems to just match it perfectly. Whodathunkit?! Freakin genius I tell ya!!! . . And yes, like everyone else... Ocean's 11 crosses my mind... when I lose myself in a show and just float off into another world and feel tranquility... oh wait, then I snap out of it and realize I don't have millions of dollars like they did and that it was just a movie... BUT it's cool to know that they were standing where I once stood... gotta get something outta it right?!. . It's pretty during the day but it's a lot more breathtaking at night... night sky and all the lights just make it that much more impressive... I swear I could stand there for hours and just watch the fountains (there is a 30 minute break during the day and a 15 minute break at night and I get fidgety so waitiing in between isn't so productive for me lol)... . . GO SEE IT! (oh and if you go up the Eiffel Tower it's a great view too, and you can still hear the music!)
I've always been a fan of Bellagio and the fountains is no exception!. . Every time I pass by and the fountains are on, I have to stop and stare.  Love the dancing water synced to the music.  :D  It makes me happy.. . LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!!!!!
Where else can you walk by and see a breathtaking show that's free?  No Vegas experience is complete without a Bellagio fountains sighting.  Cheers for every time we've been amazed and mezmerized...thanks Bellagio! . . (p.s. your $10 blackjack tables are pretty darn good too)
I've been to Vegas multiple times, though I've never watched the Bellagio Fountains show at it's entirety. The boyfriend and I took the tram over from Monte Carlo and were going to walk across the street to catch the shuttle to the Rio. While we were walking across the street, I swooped in at a spot right next to the front of the fountains. . . We waited about 5 minutes before the show started. I've heard people talk about the show and say how amazing it is. I kept thinking "Yeah, yeah...that's cool, a fountain show". But it really is an amazing show and it's free! I think that it would be an amazing backdrop to get married at. . . My boyfriend kept laughing because the song they were playing with the show we watched was the song they sing on "Step Brothers". I just kept thinking about Will Ferrell and John Reilly singing to it. . . It shows every 15 minutes, so when you're in Vegas, make sure you see it!
Who doesn't love a good fountain ? Actually i am pretty impartial to fountains but this is spectacular to say the least. I always like to see them at least once when i am here.
Bellagio Fountains. . http://www.bellagio.com/amenities/fountains-of-bellagio.aspx. . Probably the best free show in Las Vegas!  Simply amazing!  There are different shows throughout the evening featuring a variety of music and "water dancing".  For an even better experience, go to the top of the Eiffel Tower (Paris Las Vegas) across the street for a night view looking down.
I never thought I'd write a review for water...for some reason I thought I might be the first, but obviously I'm not. The Fountains at the Bellagio are so amazing that this review isn't going to come close to doing it justice. It's something you definitely have to check out for yourself when you're in Vegas--obviously the night show is way better. It's free and the coolest part is you can pretend that you're George Clooney or Brad Pitt standing by the fountain in Ocean's 11.
Entertainment is cool. Especially when it's free!. . Get out there early enough so you can get a decent spot for watch the show. . . Just ignore the street vendors and enjoy!
Great tourist attraction, spend 10 minutes watching this amazing attraction and listening to the music. Bonus because it is free.
:) gorgeous! Runs every hour, but I'd recommend watching at night. Just not the same during the day time (music accompanying the fountain is very romantic)
The fountains of Bellagio are pretty exciting, unlike the corporate-operated Bellagio hotel which is just okay.. . The fountains come on every half hour unless it is after 8PM when they run every 15 minutes.  This is a Must See in Las Vegas as just about everybody from grandpa, to teenagers to little children enjoy the spectacular show of lights, water and music.. . The song and choreography is different each time (from singers like Celine Dion to Whitney Houston to Pavarotti), so you get a whole new show just about every time you visit.  My personal favorite is the fountain show with Frank Sinatra's "Luck Be a Lady" as the song is classic Las Vegas and the show really fun.  . . The fountains are way better after dark!!  You will know when the fountains start up even if you aren't looking at the Bellagio because besides the obvious music that is playing the water that shoots up in the air comes down fast and makes a very loud slap that echos off the walls of the Bellagio itself.
Beautiful.. . The only thing I can compare this to is California Adventure's World of Colors. Both deserve a 5 star but in their own special way.. . I love how this show is free! It's also shown throughout the day/night with a span of 15 minutes between each song. It's so easy to find a spot to stand to admire the water show. The water shoots up so high and the BOOM was loud. It's a lovely time.. . The Fountains of Bellagio is definitely something I look forward to whenever I come back to Vegas.
Beautiful! I love the music and how it's free. They play every 15 minutes and with different songs. I heard the Michael Jackson one and this other song that I have never heard of. I never thought moving water could be so pretty! The water shoots up high as the building at times! It was a wonderful experience! I can't stop watching it! Luckily I recorded a bit of it because I can see it again and again! If I have another chance I would definitely watch this again! It's just gorgeous.
A Vegas must see!
I always come here day and night. It so very different between the two times. Always so magical and romantic.
The Bellagio Fountains were my favorite part of my trip to Vegas. I saw the last show (always patriotic at midnight) one night, and had to go back the next night where I proceeded to stay and watch 5 shows in a row over about an hour (11:00, 11:15 11:30, 11:45, and 12:00). You definitely want to see the shows at night because the lights add a great deal to the show.. . You can tell when a show is about to start because the random music that is playing over the speakers stops, to get ready for the music that accompanies the water and light show. The shows are to different songs every 15 minutes, although I'd get there early if you want a good spot and want to make sure not to miss it. The second night I was there, a group walked up right at midnight, and the show which had started 2-3 minutes earlier was just finishing, so they missed it.
When I was a kid, the attraction to see was the Mirage Volcano, but Vegas has evolved and Bellagio has step up to provide extravagantly majestic shows for free. Throughout the year, I like to go watch it from time to time to see the changes, but my favorites will always be Time to Say Goodbye or My Heart will Go On because of the family and friends I see it with. My sister has an unnatural love for Celine Dion. I appreciate and cringe a little because of that.. . When the weather is nice, a stroll down Las Vegas Boulevard and witnessing this breathtaking display will always be a must.
Amazing! We saw the fountains go off to classical music. There is so much water and force behind the water. I was almost expecting the flame torches on the other side to go out from all the mist but they didn't. It really takes the breath out of you.
The only Vegas attraction left that still makes me stop and stare. Always makes me feel like a tourist. If you're looking to get a great aerial shot, the Eiffel Tower is a great place to get a bird's eye view. I totally agree with Stacia, Chateau's patio is one of the best places to get a good show.
While the fountains dazzle us with their graceful movement of water set to music during the day, as well as at night, I have only viewed them at night.  A coincidence only, I assure you.  However, I think it'd be better at night because of the lighting that goes with it.  Beautiful.  Each show, the music changes, and so do the water designs.  Sometimes, it's classical music, sometimes easy listening.  Whatever the case, it's all quite impressive and well worth a few minutes of time to watch.  I can't even count how many times I've seen it, and it never gets tiring.  Oh, and by the way, IT'S FREE !!!!!!!!!!!
LOVE THE FOUNTAINS!. . This is my favorite part of coming to Vegas. I stop so many times to see this show!! I am so amazed and curious about the work that goes behind synchronizing the water and lights to the music. . . A MUST SEE PART OF VEGAS!
What's not to love about the Fountains of Bellagio??  There's not really much to say besides this is a MUST SEE if you've never been to Vegas/never seen the fountains.  Since there's not much to explain about it, I took the liberty of looking up the schedule, since I can never seem to figure it out.  Here ya go:. . SHOW TIMES:. Monday - Friday. 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.. show every 15 minutes. Saturdays, Sundays* and Holidays. 12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.. show every 15 minutes. *On Sundays Fountain show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes for the Fountains Brunch at Jasmine.. Schedule may vary.. Shows are subject to cancellation due to high winds.
If you have been to Vegas and have not stopped to see the Bellagio Fountain Show, there might be something slightly wrong with you.  No seriously, go see a doctor;-)  Every time I'm in Vegas (once a yr), I make a point to see the show, which happens about every 15 minutes throughout the day and night.  It's always set to different music, so each year I've been more and more impressed.  This time around, it was set to Elton John's "Your Song".  Trust me, it's worth your time.  Even in the middle of the day, it's one of the most romantic things you can do as a couple or most beautiful you can share with your kids and/or friends.  I have even witnessed proposals here!
Thunders like Champagne Fireworks!!!
Every time I go to Vegas I catch as much fountain showings as I can. The amazing part is that it is always changing. Not just every time I see it, but I've been here five different years and they all have been different! The lighting, music and synchronicity of it all makes it one of the, I think, best professional displays of water that is free. The immense power to shoot water over 400 ft is something to see first hand. There is no words to describe it.
So awesome! I was in total awe the entire time. This is definitely something everyone has to check out when they go to Vegas!
I don't think it's possible to not love the fountains. Other than possibly getting sprayed in the wind on a cold day (which I didn't), there is absolutely nothing negative about the experience. It's just brilliantly beautiful- all day, every day.
Free is good.. . Free and awesome is even better.. . The fountains outside the Bellagio are free and awesome. The shows are frequent, technically stunning, and beautifully composed.
In a place where money is everything, there are few things left in sin city that are actually free, without consequence. Free casino cocktails are courtesy of losing wages, complimentary rooms are through earned player points, and the pirate show at Treasure Island ... ought to pay it's spectators for being the cheesiest reoccurring show on the strip. The Fountains of the Bellagio on the other hand, are about as good as free gets.. . For those not in the know, these fountains provide a water show of synchronized streams of water pulsating to a random song two times an hour and four times an hour after 8PM. The best time to watch is at night as the light beams emanating from each stream provide a real spectacle not to be missed.. . These fountains don't discriminate. Everyone is allowed to watch. Crowds aren't really regulated and each show features different songs. Each are unique, fun, and beautiful. It has become synonymous with the Bellagio and dare I say more popular than some of the live Broadway-like shows up and down LV Boulevard.. . There are shows all around the world that do something similar, be it in a mall or even at the Burj Khalifa in Dubai. But few have a place in my heart like the Fountains of the Bellagio, easily the best outdoor show on the strip.
Technically amazing and brilliantly choreographed. When visiting Las Vegas this is a must-see, if at least once. When getting tired of making a deposit at the strip casinos, or need to take a rest when exploring the strip itself ( it really is an optical illusion - nothing is that close to walk to! ) the Fountains of Bellagio are a welcome reprieve. Plus, it's free!. . Shows are scheduled throughout the day and evening. The show is a feast on the eyes and the ears as it is a wonderfully synchronized water symphony choreographed to light and music. It takes place in a quarter mile long lake in front of the impeccable grounds of the Bellagio casino. The dancing fountains move along ever so gracefully to music from Pavarotti, Sinatra, Bocelli and to powerfully pulsating jets of water high in the air to opera, classical and Broadway tunes. It is actually quite impressive how they designed this and keep it running non-stop, and each time to a random selection of music. Each show is different and unique. . . I have seen this show many times over the years - from walking by, to having a room with a view on the strip, driving by in a car, day and night, and even when having dinner. Somehow it just draws you in, and you always stop to look even if just for a few minutes. The show is visually stunning at night, as you get the full effect of the fountains being lit up along with the music.. . One of the best viewing spots to experience the show and enjoy a meal is at Mon Ami Gabi across the street at the Paris casino. Try to get a seat in the outside area and you can see the show a few times over a bottle of wine and steak frites.. . The show runs every day and holidays so there is always a chance to catch a performance. Taken from their website - . . SHOW TIMES:. Monday - Friday. 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.. show every 15 minutes. . Saturdays, Sundays* and Holidays. 12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.. show every 15 minutes . . *On Sundays Fountain show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes for the Fountains Brunch at Jasmine.. . Schedule may vary.. Shows are subject to cancellation due to high winds.
This is the best free show you can get in Vegas. Everyone must take the time to see this show at least once but I'd recommend everytime. In the later party of the afternoons, the show goes on every 30 minutes then evenings it starts every 15 minutes.. . If you would like a different perspective, go up to the top of the Eiffel Tower to watch. You won't regret it.
Luck Be a Lady Tonight!. I guess it was fate we arrived at the bellagio at the right time.....We were thrilled when we heard Frank Sinatra filling the air with luck, love and magic. . We cuddled up leaned against the fence and watched the water dance to a music legend....Romance was definitely in the air....It was a perfect night.
It's hard not to really like a free, quality show.  This may be the best free show on the strip!
This was such an amazing aspect to my Vegas trip! This water show was spectacular to say the least. We saw it at night to so the colors and the music was just soooo romantic!!!
I get a rush when I hear these fountains sing and see the waters dance (personification, anyone?)  The best is when they play Celine Dion, btw!. . Absolutely beautiful and right in tune to the beat.  A must see!
Totally, completely and utterly amazing. This is a must for any trip to Vegas. . . Stand dead center facing the Bellagio. Prepare yourself. . . Note: If it is windy they may cancel this show. This runs every 15 minutes.
oh come on, if its not 5 stars you are out of your mind. its FREE. what else is free in vegas???? NOT MUCH! this is beautiful and charming, day or night. actually come both. they have different feel to it. its so pretty. that's all there is to say. i saw it during the daytime, the evening time, and from the top of the paris eiffel tower! the best view is probably at night but that is personal preference. the watershow never gets old because it's a different song each time. depending on the day/time the water show is scheduled to come on every 15-30mins from certain hours of the day. check the website if you really want to plan it around a song. i wish it was just a tad warmer so that it was comfy to just hang around and watch. (i went in december!)
This is definately the best free show in Vegas. It's absolutely beautiful to watch.
I love these fountains! I can sit there and watch them for hours.....They are beautiful and, even better, they are free! Can't beat it for sure.
So much fun!!! I couldn't believe how cool this was and it was FREE! I just happened to walk past the Bellagio when this show was happening.. . Surprisingly awesome. You think it's just a fountain, but it is truly cool.
This needs no introduction. If you seen Ocean's 11 then you will remember this. It's free and great. It usually plays the same music everytime. Most played song is Celine Dion's My Heart Will Go On. It does play holiday music. It always crowded at night. Some stat as soon as it is over, some leave. You should watch both day and night. At night it just looks sobeautiful.
Ocean's 11, end of the movie, the guys are sitting gloating over their illicit triumph over Benedict and the Bellagio/MGM/Mirage vault.  Where do they go? to watch the fountain show.  Movie magic aside (somehow no one else was there watching), this remains the premium free show on the strip.  Every 15 munites or so the bell goes  goes off beginning an impressive collaboration of music and dancing water jets.  I am always amazed at the height of the jets.  It is actually a simple concept from a production standpoint but it outshines the Volcano and Pirate Show and never seems to get old thanks to the ever changing music rotation.  The kids love it, the out of town guests demand it, and even amid the flashing lights and traffic noise, it gives you a chane to break away from the madhouse that is Vegas for a relaxing, romantic moment!
This is something you must experience if you're in Vegas. I've seen the show from the street, in the balcony at Bellagio, in a Planet Hollywood room, and the Cosmo balconies. I think the best view was at Planet Hollywood if you get the right view, but you don't get to hear much of the music.. . If you're looking for the best seat in the house, the balconies at the restaurants in the Bellagio are the best! But beware of the mist!
If Vegas had a Statue of Liberty, or an Eiffel Tower, or Pyramids, you know, a truly distinctive must-see landmark, the Fountains at the Bellagio would be it, don't miss it!
Awesome! This is a #1 must-see in the Strip. Just go already!
If for no other reason, seeing the ending of Ocean's Eleven made this a great moment to see live, in person:. . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23dvaEwG-W0. . Honestly, the videos and pictures do no justice to just how majestic the water fountains really are. These puppies are LOUD and do they shoot up HIGH!. . After the show is over, two guys rush out there on a boat to fine tune the nozzles. What a job those two have!. . Easily the best free attraction in Las Vegas.
Beautiful!  Just beautiful!  Every 30 minutes starting at 7pm the fountains in front of the Bellagio dance to beautiful music, leaving all of her spectators in awe!  Cameras are snapping pictures, video and treasuring moments not to be forgotten.  Truly awesome!
I am awestruck every time I see these fountains work their magic! Wonderful show that is always free to watch! It truly epitomizes the experience of Las Vegas!
we got to see the version of Time to Say Goodbye by Andrea Bocelli and Sarah Brightman and the fountains choreography combined with this music was fantastic. . so emotional and beautiful!. great idea for the strip entertainment at any time of the day!
The fountains at Bellagio are one of the best places to relax and enjoy a free show in Las Vegas. . . This is the biggest fountain I've ever seen and it's definitely one of my favorite attractions.I try and make at least 1 show a day in the last 3 years I've been to Vegas.. . Honestly, it's free. What more could you ask for. . . It's every 15 minutes from 7pm until midnight on the weekends.. . --. Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/
I rate The Fountains of Bellagio 5 of 5 stars. As a frequent visitor to the Las Vegas Strip, I am also a frequent visitor to the Bellagio and specially The Fountains of Bellagio. Dancing water fountains which are synchronized to the music are graceful, beautiful and relaxing. Each show is a totally different and worth waiting until the next show! My best tip is that if you are planning to stay at The Bellagio, make sure you get a room with a fountain view! You can listen to the music on your TV while you look down on the fountains. Each show is about 3 to 5 minutes long and show times are every 15 minutes. The fountains look good in the daytime but really shine in the nighttime! Wow! Highly recommended!!!
Favorite Vegas feature. Pure artistry - fountains set to music, an epic scale that is truly Vegas. Features several different shows with a wide range of music and fountain choreography.  Can view the fountains from Bellagio restaurants as well as Cosmopolitan cityview rooms. The effect of the shows at dusk vs. evening is pretty unique, recommend both. Never gets old.
One of the best things in Vegas, or anywhere!
The FREE show, Fountains of Bellagio, is a must see on any ones trip to Vegas.  Anyone at any age will be amazed at this beautifully, choreographed, elaborate water show.  The fountains dance  to different songs from Michael Jackson (Billie Jean), classical music, rock, pop, Frank Sinatra, Beetles songs, etc.   . . Times when the magic begins.  . Monday - Friday. 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.. show every 15 minutes. . Saturdays, Sundays* and Holidays. 12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.. show every 15 minutes. . I watched the show up close, driving through, and atop the Eiffel Tower.  It amazes me every time.  My kids stood still (even my toddler) every time we watched it.  It'll take your breath away.  . . A picture of the fountains when I went on the Eiffel Tower.  . http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=8kskB3QBzO3eQQ1egeasXQ
Something awesome to do and FREE in Vegas?!?!?
My Oceans 11 experience.. . I did not just finish robbing a casino of millions of dollars but I stood in front of the fountain wishing I had millions.  I was then slowly awakened to reality from the mist from the fountains.  . . You cant pass this place up when your visiting Vegas.  Whether its your first time or not.  The Fountains of Bellagio puts on a spectacular water show.  They are synchronized to music from classical, country and pop.  . . Show times vary but once it starts there is a show that happens every 15 minute till it ends at midnight.. . Locale ~ On the Strip baby!. Extras ~ Great show, Nice to be outside it!
The first time I saw the Fountains at Bellagio I did not fully appreciate them. In fact, if I had been writing Yelp reviews back then I probably would have given them just two stars. It was a hot (I mean HOT) afternoon in the middle of the summer, I was hungover, and I just didn't understand why my friends wanted to stand out in the sun with the crowds and the exhaust fumes from the traffic all around us and watch water spurt into the air. Everyone loves that scene from Oceans Eleven but we all know that in reality there is no time of day or night when you can stand in that spot in front and watch the fountains while having a moment of solitary peaceful quiet reflection. There is just too much activity on that street. So, my advice to you for enjoying the fountains, and the Las Vegas strip in general actually, is to avoid the tourist crowds and traffic on the streets and stay within the comfortable oasis of a nice casino hotel.. . A few years ago when my husband and I stayed at Bellagio for a long weekend we were privileged enough to get a room facing the fountains. Sitting in our room with the curtains open, sipping champagne, we must have watched that show half a dozen times in a row (back then it was every 15 minutes on the weekends). Even with the sliding door closed you could still hear the music so that magical feeling permeated our entire stay there. This winter we stayed at the Cosmopolitan and again had a room facing the fountains, this time with a large balcony complete with patio furniture. We enjoyed brunch out there watching the show from a vantage point much higher than the water reached which gave me a great appreciation for the choreography.  All of those jets of water firing off in the right sequence to complement the music is truly an impressive feat. As the water fell back down into the pool below, it created a loud crashing sound that echoed against the walls of the hotels and I was in awe of the power involved. There are also various restaurants on the strip where if you are lucky you can get a view of the fountains and that is a whole other experience enjoying them silently from afar. The lighting at night adds a whole other level to the show.. . The Fountains at Bellagio are something that everyone coming to Vegas should see at least once. Just pick your seat for the show wisely and it will be an experience you will never forget.
I could write a long review about the fountains but it just doesn't need it. There is no cost, just grab a spot and wait for the water show to begin! It simply is awesome. They have for years played the same few songs when the show is going on and "Viva Las Vegas" is my favorite! . . P.S. Don't be scared if a life size elmo is lurking somewhere behind you! . . That's all :)
You would think: Las Vegas... desert.... conserve water??. . Well, this fountain is like "F*%K YOU!!!" BOOOOMMMMM!!!!!. . My god it feels like WWII with those damn water canons!!. . And they end up playing Sinatra and rat-pack music while its going on? Makes you feel sad that you were not old enough to experience Vegas how it USED to be.. . There's always a crowd, but never a bad seat.. . I miss Vegas. :'(
The BEST FREE thing in Vegas. If you don't see the fountains when your in Vegasthen you didn't go to Vegas. Love the music of Frank Sinatra and Elvis. Real Vegas style. Really who cares if they use thousands and thousands of gallons of water.. . Tip: Get there early to get a good seat (a standing seat)
Viva Las Vegas!!!. . The first time I came to Las Vegas, the Fountains of Bellagio were able to grace me with their presence. Epic music filled the air, while a display of beautiful streams of water shooted from the fountain. An enjoyable moment that was to be remembered.. . This time, I had to take my boyfriend because he had never experienced the wondrous fountains of Bellagio when he was in Vegas. Nonetheless, after the show, he was truly amazed at the beauty.. . The fountain show shows every 30 minutes and be sure to get a good spot to view it!
Best FREE thing in Vegas. Was in town last year and totally forgot to give this attaction a 5 stars.. . Thank you Bellagio for creating this for everyone to enjoy.
What's not to love about the Fountains of Bellagio? It's free. It's beautiful. It's captivating. It's the only thing in Vegas that never seems to get old for me. The entertainment from the combination of dancing water, lights, and music is mesmerizing. With 30 plus songs, hearing seeing the same performance is few and far between which helps make the Fountains one of the most dynamic entertainment options in Las Vegas.. . The schedule varies by day, but basically they occur every 30 minutes during the afternoon and early evening and then from 6:00, 7:00, or 8:00 (depending on the day) every 15 minutes until midnight. My recommendation is to visit the fountains  at least three times. See power of the water in the daytime. See the beauty of the Bellagio, sky, and lake at sunset. See the majesty and mystery of the lights and water at night.. . The variety of songs range from classical to pop. You'll find Faith Hill's kitchy "This Kiss" or the Sin City anthem of Elvis belting "Viva Las Vegas" just as likely as you are to hear Sarah Brightman & Andrea Bocelli's inspirational "Time to Say Goodbye." The water is choreographed in complex patterns from 4 different types of water fountains that spray water in spherical motions or shoot water straight upwards. The tall blasts of 240 or 460 feet in the air are true crowd pleasers while the smaller jets appear to be truly dancing to the music.. . It all takes place in the 8-acre lake directly in front of the Bellagio. The firm WET Design was the mastermind behind the $40 million water show that features more than 1,200 spouts and 4,500 lights. Kudos to them and the Bellagio. . . The Fountains of Bellagio stand out in a city full of temptations and entertainment as a simple, timeless, and beautiful way to spend a few minutes letting your heart and spirit be a kid again.
Some things...just never change.  Even with time, bad economy, etc. . . Still a free event.  Still beautiful, captivating and entertaining.  . . The music is great.  The water show is refreshing.  . . Amazing grace.
Beautiful! Amazing! Wonderful!. I have been to Vegas numerous times and I never get tired at marveling at this sight; day or night.  It really fascinates me how the fountains are orchestrated through music.  I am unsure why this isn't considered one of the Natural Wonders of the World?!? Ok, maybe, I do know the reason...but nonetheless, you get my point, right??. . If you are in Vegas, your trip is not complete without visiting the Fountains of Bellagio. The "show" runs every 30 minutes from 3pm to 8pm and every 15 minutes from 8pm to midnight.
It never gets old.  Ever.. . Read Tim W's review for the extensive show and music list.. . If you go to Vegas for the first time, you must go see this.  Period.
Have loved the fountains since I saw them 8 years ago. Beyond amazing. I love the different shows during the different times. I seriously watch the fountains and have no interest in the casinos. It is always hard to walk away knowing that in a few more minutes another show starts. Well worth the wait if you get there right after one show ends.
Beautiful and sadly its one of the only impressive things the Bellagio has to offer. . . I had to have seen the show at least 10 times from a few different angles and different parts of the day. I think you have to experience the show during the day, from the top of the Eiffel Tower and at night. The music adds an extra umph to the show.. . Definitely a Vegas must see because the show never gets old.
Another highlight of my trip.. . There is nothing more refreshing then to catch one of the numerous fountain shows here at the Bellagio. These things are ginormous.  The sound of the water shooting up in the air surely resembles the sound of thunder striking ten feet away.  The peak of the water seems to clear 40 or 50 stories high without effort.. . For a free show of immense size, this is the best free show at Vegas, hands down.. . . Cheers
I love fountain shows and this one definitely did not disappoint. My friend and I were walking down The Strip when he recommended watching the fountain at Bellagio. Initially I was expecting it to be nothing special, but as the show started, I realized that it was performing along with the classical music that was blaring (where did the music even come from? It just snuck up on me).. .  Wow! It was so fancy and pretty that my friend had to snap me out of my reverie to take some pictures before it ended. Apparently the fountain show comes up every thirty minutes! I was surprised to find out that the music and fountain show switches up so it's not just the same show over and over again throughout the day. . . Definitely a must-see in Vegas!
Listen, not much is free on the Vegas strip.  And if it is free, then it's probably seedy and weird lol  But the Bellagio fountains are just spectacular.  Touristy?  Yes.  Kitsch?  Definitely not.  Yes, the Bellagio fountains are one of the first things that come to ones mind when considering a trip to Vegas.  It seems so ordinary... so expected... so... blah.  But only until you're standing in front of this huge water and light show during the much welcomed cool of night, void of the unforgiving desert sun, listening to the beautiful, soul-stirring sounds of Andrea Bocelli's "Time to Say Goodbye" do you realize this is anything but ordinary.  Even with the strip's noisy traffic, herds of tourists and seizure-inducing lights, you just feel this serene sense of calm.. . I know that in this age of Real Housewives of Whatevers, everyone thinks they're too cool for anything and everything, but the Bellagio fountains can't be missed for all the casinos and trendy nightclubs and upscale fare the strip offers.  It will make you feel small yet inspired... and that is very cool to me.
Based on my first time experience, the fountain was so captivating, elegance and beautiful.. . A must-see free thing on the strip.. . See u next time :)
Yeah, it's essentially the same show every half hour and it does get too crowded sometimes, but c'mon! It's free and it's very beautiful! I hope to bring a special lady here one day ;)
Reminds me of Ocean's Eleven.. You don't have to pay to see these fountains and there are regular shows.. What more can you ask for?. . Stop by the Buffet too! Yum!
Yelp 365 Challenge #149/365 (Las Vegas Adventures). . You know how the blow hole in Hawaii is to the tourists? Well, let me take it back because no one wants to swim to the fountains for closer look BUT it is the attraction of watching the waters shoot up in the air. . . Anyhow, as the tourists in Hawaii are fascinated with the different water sites throughout the islands, tourists in Vegas (like me) will flock to the Fountains of Bellagio to watch five minutes of water shooting around. . . However, picture a family who was at the Adventuredome all day and walking into the desert heat to watch the water show. That's right...we all looked hot and dirty (not hot and dirty as in sexy but hot and dirty like we were running around like crazy!).. . Got the picture in your brain? . . Okay, now VISUALIZE that family WALKING THROUGH THE BELLAGIO from the parking structure to exit through the front entrance? Keep in mind this is early evening where everyone is heading out to dinner or going for a night out on Las Vegas. . . Yes...we were misfits looking like the Hawaii Kai Hillbillies taking pictures with our iPhones :) . . Anyhow, as we walked down to the fountains, it was crowded (Saturday night) with people trying to sell bottle waters to passing out tracts while yelling on their microphones. . . We found a spot because we wanted our grandson to see the waters shoot up and dance around (he's a water baby). Poor kid was miserable because he wasn't feeling well and we got alarmed that his cheeks got flushed because of the heat (not just the weather temperature but the heat from the crowd). . . Thank goodness it was after 7:00pm because the shows are every 15 minutes. We didn't have to wait long. Faith Hill sang as the fountains danced. My grandson just watched and outstretched his hand as if he could catch the water. The pictures I took was priceless just like water show (it's free). . . This is a definite recommendation for anyone to see this show because the background of the bellagio with the water dancing around and shooting high up in the air is beautiful and just romantic. . . Note: From afternoon to early evening, the show is every 1/2 hour. After 7:00pm to midnight, the show is every 15 minutes
Likes: Every time I come to Vegas I have to see the amazing free water show that shows every 15 minutes.  There aren't all the same either but have different songs and water patterns.  Love the one where the water blasts up higher than the bellagio hotel itself
Stick around for a few shows to get a good mix of music.
Out of all the free things to do in Vegas, this is the best. This fountain show is best at night with the lights. Whenever I'm in Vegas, I have to see this no matter what.
Everytime I go to Vegas, . . I come watch this, it's romantic,it's mesmerizing, it's beauty in motion laced with the grace of dreams...
The Fountains of Bellagio; it's a cool free show just be prepared to fight a crowd to get a good vantage point. We started off inside but realized we couldn't hear the music or feel the mist and on a hot day the cool and refreshing mist is rewarding. . . The entire show lasts about 10-15 mins and if you time it just right it's a free show you will be telling your friends and family about once you get home. I've seen the show twice now first time as a single male with a group of guys and we weren't impressed with the show but if you bring a date and you get a good vantage point it turns into a very nice and semi romantic experience.
We live in Las Vegas. About once a month we stop by the Fountains of the Bellagio. Always wonderful! We are in awe of the music choices! Beautiful!. We take our visitors to see the fountains, every single one of them. No doubt, living in Las Vegas brings our family a lot of visitors! All our friends and family from around the world come see us in this exciting city! We love it - and we would never want to miss the dancing Fountains of the Bellagio!. . If you have a chance, go see the Fountains from top of the Eiffeltour! Amazing!
great free attraction to see in Las Vegas... Very romantic and great for pics!
Fountains. Bellagio. Where does one go wrong with these two alone? And together, pretty dynamic. Haha. Yeah, it's freaking great. Now imagine standing here drunk and watching this. Even greater.
If you ever visit Vegas or live in Vegas, you have to visit the iconic Bellagio fountains, this is a great place to watch with that significant other while having some wine. . . My favorite fountain songs are:. . Andrea Bocceli - Con Te Partido. Frank Sinatra - Luck be a Lady. Faith Hill - This Kiss
Goes without saying that the Bellagio fountains are wonderful.. . Even cooler than the Bellagio Fountains, however, is the entrance to the hotel and the crazy holiday themed setup inside.
Love it! Always entertaining and beautiful!
A must see! It's free, frequently shows, it's beautiful, & something everyone will enjoy!. . Thank you for the awesome free show Bellagio!
Ah yes, and you wonder why other countries hate us?  a $40 million fountain show with 1,200 nozzles, 4,500 lights and hydraulic pumps that can shot water 460ft in the air, using 8 acres of water...in the desert.  And it's awesome!  An amazing, patriotic, super-cool experience and staple of the 21st century Las Vegas that has become a "must see" whenever you go.  Everyone knows it, everyone has seen it, and so will you.
Must see this fountain again . Best ever in fact $40 million worth of eye candy . Thanks Steve Wynn
What can I say?  Since the moment we first saw these fountains in all their glory at the grand opening of the Bellagio - these have been a favorite "must see" for every visit to my favorite city.. . The best performances?  One (from Chorus Line) and of course, Andrea Boccelli's Con te Partiro.. . Beautiful mix of lights and music, and that glorious blast of water that seems to shoot taller than the hotel itself (depending on where you're standing).. . One of the few "free" things you can get in Vegas that's worth the crowd and the wait.
Who doesn't love fountain shows? I see this every time i drive along Las Vegas Blvd. It's breathtaking and romantic, especially the last time we have seen it at night. My husband booked a dinner date at the Eiffel restaurant at Paris hotel. We are sitting by the window and it was Valentine's Day. I thought he is going to propose once again.  . This fountain reminds me that simple things can bring so much joy, it's like bringing back the inner child in me!
The fountains of Bellagio is a great place to relax and enjoy people watching.. The fountain show runs about every 30 min before 8:00pm and every 15 min after 8:00pm. I usually come here to clear my mind while watching all 8-12 different versions of the show. This is a great place to bring your friend from out of town, because in between the shows you guys can catch up and talk the night away making the breaks in between fast. I also love people watching around this area.. You would see the most bizzare things the strip has to offer. From Elvis impersonators, cast of toy story, to alot of drunk tourist, you will be entertained! In fact if you are a sociology major you may be able to write your thesis on the things that go on in front of the Bellagio Fountain! haha! Overall this is one of my favorite free shows on the Las Vegas strip. they say the best things in life are free, this is definitely one of them!
It is hard to beat this free attraction in Vegas.  These is something about the fountains that makes you want to see them over and over again.
There's nothing bad I can say about the fountains!  I could watch them for hours.  Try different locations to find your favorite spot.  If you aren't keen on the strip crowd (and have little ones in tow), you might try closer to the valet area/entrance to the Bellagio.. . We've found a couple little out of the way places we watch from.  . . #1 - You can use self-park for the Bellagio and park on the roof level.  You can view the fountains from up there, but not hear the music as well.. . #2 - The moving sidewalk that takes you from the Bellagio valet area down to the strip has some spots where you can stop and watch - and the music can be heard. . . Ironically, one of the worst places we tried to watch them from was in Hyde - the nightclub behind the fountains.  The music inside doesn't match and you just don't see them as well. :) . . Anyway you see them, I don't think you can go wrong :)
Every time I'm on the strip, I can't help but stop to watch the fountains. I could watch them for hours. Also, on a hot night, it's the best spot in town. At least, if you have to be outside!
Amazing!
I've lived in Vegas before the Bellagio was built, and I worked at Bellagio--Let me tell you, the fountain show is stunning and is still one of my faves in Vegas. . . Thefountains are synchronized to music, and is a spectacular show that is FREE. Granted you can't opt out from the weirdos standing next to you, but like I said it's FREE so it's bound to attract some eebie jeebies or snot nosed lil' kids. . . I believe they start at 3pm, every half hour, from 8pm-midnight every quarter hour. . . I highly recommend dining at Olives (deliciousness!) and sitting on their patio, or having a cocktail at Hyde to watch the fountains. Much better than viewing it from the strip, and you can get loaded while doing so!!! Cheers kids!
The Fountains is a must see for anyone alive. The combination of lights, water jets, and music are astounding. If you are only able to witness one thing while you are in Vegas, The Fountains are it! They perform every 15 minutes or 30 minutes depending on the time of day. Look it up and time your visit so you don't have a wait; and acquire a top viewing spot of your choice.
this is what magic must feel like, haha!!! saw it a few times.. they go on every half hour during the day and every 15 minutes at night! BUT the show is better at night in my opinion. also it's a great idea to check it out from the top of the eiffel tower for dat bird's eye view!!! truly grateful that i was able to witness this while still sober :')
Lucky us!!! As boyfriend and I walked the strip, we happened to be right in front of the fountain as a new show started. The song was My heart will go on, it was so romantic and soothing as we watched the fantastic show. 5 stars all the way!
This is the best free show in Vegas' especially at night. To beat the crowds, just get a table at a restaurant that has a view of the fountain.
Simply amazing. I don't know how many times I've seen the show but it just doesn't get old. A must see!
Honestly, I'm just writing this so that this place can inch closer to a 5-star rating (which of course won't happen... but how about 4.999?). . Can't add anything to what's already been said.  But this show never gets old --- both the daytime and night shows.  People, it's healthy to get some fresh air in the midst of all the gambling/eating, so spend a few minutes watching this.
Bellagio's gift back to the community. It is graceful, sometimes romantic, other times whimsical.  It softens the harsh and overwhelming commercialism of the strip.  I returned every night before bed.
We visit Vegas 2 to 3 times a year and the Bellagio Fountains never get old.
The Fountains at Bellagio are one of the most beautiful sights/sounds in the world! Whenever I'm in Vegas I make sure to book a hotel room with a front row view of the fountains! It's nonstop entertainment from my hotel room almost 24 hours a day.
Add this to your Vegas to-do list! Sounds a little silly, but the fountains and lights put on a good show. I'd recommend going at night and being on the strip it's on the way to dinner and everything else you plan to do. It's a Vegas landmark!
When I was a kid, I had to visit the fountains and the observatory each time we visited. As an adult that lives here, it's something I really don't mind going to see when family and friends visit and ask me to play tourguide. I used to work across the street in Planet Hollywood and on my break I would often get some fresh air in one of our access stairwells and to watch the show. I never got tired of it. . . I guess when it comes to FREE, Bellagio really hits all the stops. The water show is big and impressive. If you happen to walk by it a few times in the day, well it plays various things so there is high replay value. They program new material each year into the repertoire. During the holidays they programmed in Christmas numbers as well.  . . To chime in something different, let me nerd out for a moment. . . There's a urban myth that the water is treated grey water from faucets, but it isn't. It's actually water pumped from a well drilled decades prior to irrigate a golf course that previously existed on the site. The fountains actually use less water than irrigating the golf course did so there goes a lot of the comments I hear about it being massive waste. I'm too young to remember a golf course existing, but maybe some old soul may. . . And showtimes are as follows - . Monday - Friday. 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. show every 15 minutes. . Saturdays, Sundays* and Holidays. 12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. show every 15 minutes. *On Sundays Fountain show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes for the Fountains Brunch at Jasmine. . . So come for the fountain, stay for botanical gardens. This is one of the best free things around.. . (Yelp 100 Challenge 36/100)
The Fountains of Bellagio are very impressive to watch.  We always bring family and friends here to enjoy this free show.  There is nothing much that I can add that has not been mentioned in other reviews.. . The only thing that is better than watching the show outside is to watch the show inside.  If you book a room at the Bellagio with a lake view, you will not regret it.  Turn the television channel to the music for the water show, and then watch the display!  It is awesome!  There is no better way to experience the Fountains of Bellagio than watching it in the privacy of your own room with your special someone!!!
The fountains are pretty neat to watch.  They shoot up to a sound track of fun songs and lights.  The shows are every 15 minutes or half an hour depending on what time of day it is.  We actually ate at a restaurant across the street so that we would have a good view of the fountain show without having to stand around.
While I was in Las Vegas (Labor Day weekend 12'), I made sure to take time out my schedule to enjoy the Fountains of Bellagio. The Fountains of Bellagio is one of the free shows you can watch on the Las Vegas strip. The way the music sync with the water is amazing. The Michael Jackson theme music is perfect. The Fountains of Bellagio become busy very fast. Being tall really comes in handy because you can see over the crowd. It's best to view the show at night (lighting is better). Watching the Fountains of Bellagio at night is priceless. The Fountains of Bellagio isn't as busy during the day but you don't get the full experience in my opinion. You can take some cool pictures and videos. I highly recommend watching the Fountains of Bellagio while in Vegas, it's truely amazing!
Pretty Spectacular especially since its Free!  Honestly it would be easy to go broke while visiting Vegas if you're not careful...but this fountain show is FREE.  Of course, if you have to walk to it from any distance you will be subjected to people from all walks of life trying to sell you something, but it is worth the trek.  I really love when they play the song "God Bless the USA".  It always brings a tear to my eye.. . 5 Stars!
These don't get old! Awesome peaceful show along the hectic strip! . . It's hard to believe this awesomeness is produced by MGM Resorts (some of their other properties are total dives!!).
It's the best experience on the strip, and it's FREE. Plan your trip around seeing the fountains at least once while your here. Though it would seem like the show would be repetitive, but it really isn't and during my three day stay at the neighboring Cosmopolitan I didnt hear or see the same show twice.. . Show starts around 3pm until 7pm and from 715p onto 12a you'll see a show every halfhour so it's impossible to miss. . . Get there early and get up close and enjoy one of the best attractions on the strip, 5 stars!
Always a treat to see this if you make it on time or happen to be in the area a bit before the show starts! I notice you have to be careful as your in a zone watching the show from pickpockets. Easy to just lose yourself for 5 minutes! Very nice water show and a must for a first timer in vegas on things to do!
I think this is classic Vegas and something everyone should experience at least once.  On my first visit to Vegas this was a must see and we were completely in awe.  . . We watched the fountains dance to Pink Panther which was such a delicious treat.  Lots of streaming water being shot through the air with musical precision.  My only wish is that we came back more and more to see all the other versions.  The music changes every hour and the after 8pm the fountains go off every 15 minutes.. . Don't miss out on one of the greatest free shows on the strip.
Springbrunnen in der. Wuste Nevada.  Die Fountains of Bellagio gehoren fur mich immer wieder zu. den Highlights von Las Vegas. Aus den uber 1.200 Dusen des Comer Sees springt. das Wasser bis zu 140 Meter hoch. Auch tagsuber eine Augenweide. (Siehe Foto unten) (Siehe Foto unten) Es fangt ganz langsam an. Die Fontanen fangen an zu sprudeln..  (Siehe Foto unten) (Siehe Foto unten) Sie vergroern sich  breiter  hoher und schneller, im Puls der Musik. (Siehe Foto unten) .. bis sie im Finale eine unglaubliche Hohe erreichen. Wahnsinn.  Die 4000 Lampen sorgen bei Dunkelheit fur die richtige. Beleuchtung und Stimmung. Ein kunstvolles Zusammenspiel aus Wasser, Musik und. Licht mit fantastischer Choreografie. Die Musik reicht von Klassik uber. Broadway Melodien bis hin zu Pink Floyd. Fur jeden ist etwas dabei. Und nachts finde ich es noch schoner  Gansehaut pur, hier bei Musik von Pink Floyd. Schade, kann man ja gar nicht horen. (Siehe Foto unten) (Siehe Foto unten) Noch herrscht Stille am Comer See  Das andert sich jedoch in wenigen Sekunden. (Siehe Foto unten) (Siehe Foto unten) .. und dann das Finale in der Wuste. (Siehe Foto unten) Die willkommende Abwechslung zu dem sonstigen Las Vegas. Shows. Zwischen 15.00 Uhr und 24.00 Uhr. konnen alle Las Vegas Besucher die kostenlose Show genieen.
VIVA LAS FOUNTAINS. . Our upcoming Vegas trip in two weeks will certainly include several viewings of the Bellagio fountain show. I could endlessly watch this and be entertained. The spraying water dances in time to a variety of songs with music set to the rhythm. This trip we'll be staying at the Flamingo, so I'm excited to note that the Fountains are at the Strip + Flamingo intersection! Woot woot!. . I love water. Who doesn't?! To get to see something like this is really incredible - youtube videos sort of capture the magic but are nothing like seeing it live and outdoors - even from inside a hotel it's just not the same (but still pretty neat). And it's free.. . Hours of operation:. *Monday - Friday: 3 p.m. - 7 p.m. (with shows every half hour), 7 p.m. - midnight (with shows every 15 minutes).. *Weekends and holidays: Noon - 7 p.m. (with shows every half hour), 7 p.m. - midnight (with shows every 15 minutes). . Note: Every Sunday for Jasmine's "Fountain Brunch," show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes.
The fountain show is beautiful -- and it's free! I think people look at photos of the fountains and think - 'big deal', but once you take the time to watch them, so easy to get drawn in!. . The way the fountains move so fluidly with the music notes is mesmerizing. It truly is an art and a must see if it's your first time in Vegas!. . The show is beautiful day or night but I personally prefer seeing them at night because I like how the lights glow from under the water.
There is a great restaraunt at he paris that you can sit out on the terrace to watch the fountain show all evening. Very beautiful and relaxing experience while you sip on some champagne
Awesome free attraction! It's so beautiful and amazing to watch! There are shows every half hour and a new song each time. That means you can watch it multiple times and get a new show each time. I've lived in Vegas for almost three years and I still don't get tired of seeing this show. Great to see if your with your family or on a gambling vacation.
Love it!
This is, the best free attraction Las Vegas has to offer. . . New songs are added regularly! And even change with the holidays! . . The water can reach over 400 feet at pressures that would tear off your limbs. . . Although it's in the public, it can be very intamite and romantic.
So pretty, definitely worth seeing. Even better at night when the lights in the water add to the show.
This attraction is one of the most amazing things man has ever created. If you don't like the Bellagio Fountains, you're just a bad person.
A must-see. Period.
I can write an endless reasons why I love about the fountains of the bellagio.  But I am sure those who have seen it and love it has probably the same reasons why it is so glamorous and exciting.  . . It is pretty impressive and love the songs they play.  I can never get tired of watching it over and over again.
Over 15 years ago, I fell in love with the Bellagio Fountains (and was introduced to the enchanting voice of Adrea Bocelli =)  . . These fountains blew away the corny pirate show and subdued volcano, a few blocks down. The fountains demanded all eyes then and still today as the strips most spectacular curbside attraction. This has got to be the world's largest synchronized fountain show, right? . . The show is awesome from any angle, any time of day and it's free. When I'm in town, I always pay hommage to my fountains.
my all-time favorite attraction in vegas. if you are staying at the cosmopolitan (or can somehow finagle your way up to the rooftop pool), the best arial view of the show (every 15 minutes) can be seen from here.
Amazing,. . I love watching this every time I go to Vegas.. It's just nice to watch the fountains from time to time, plus there are amazing artist all along the walk for you to look at after the show is over... . So after you wake up from your long night of endless partying take a break and watch the fountains..
This is my favourite thing about Las Vegas. Never fails to entertain!
clearly a must-see day and night. if you're in vegas, this is one of the things that makes vegas- vegas. it's also one of the few things in vegas that is free and it's worth taking the time to enjoy this lovely show. i try and go everytime i visit.
Whether you're a tourist or a local, the Fountains of Bellagio should be on your list to visit. Located in front of the Bellagio hotel, this show sets water fountain choreography to music every 15 minutes. Sometimes you'll have to move around a bit to find a good spot to watch the show, but it is worth it. Sometimes we'd stay to watch several shows in a row, with each one a different song.
Located in front of the Bellagion Hotel & Casino. If you only want or plan to see only one free show when visiting, this is one to do. The fountains is arguably the best free show to see in Las Vegas. It helps that they go off very frequently too. Starting at 3pm(noon on the weekends), it is shown every 30min. After 7pm the show time changes to every 15min and runs til midnight daily. There is a regular rotation of songs, I'm not sure how many but there's at least a few before it will repeat. The show itself will last about 5min for each performance. It is known to be a romantic spot. One of my sisters was proposed to in front of the fountains. Don't forget the conservatory is just a short walk inside the Bellagio. Excellent way to kill 2 birds with 1 stone!
I think this is my favourite hotel. I liked the fountain show. I was a bit surprised/disappointed they didn't use colours but the white lights illuminate the show just fine. I recommend going 7p-12a when the shows occur every 15 minutes as it then takes less time to see two shows. The shows are not all the same so staying for two is fun. Go inside to see the Via Fiori next to the Conservatory and Botanical Gardens, the Conservatory and Botanical Gardens and the chandelier called Fiori di Como by glass sculptor Dale Chihuly.
I never check out touristy things while on vacation.  This is a def must see!  My friends dragged me out there and it was well worth it.  The fountain show goes to the beat of the music that is playing.  Always a big crowd and a nice switch up from the fast pace things of Vegas.  Check it out you won't regret it!
LOVE LOVE LOVE THE SHOW! if you're in vegas remember to catch this fountain show! It is every 30 min or something, and 15 min after sundown...or something like that.  Remember to go AFTER dark, it is SOOOOOOOOO much better AFTER dark! Take a love one and get your camera ready!!!
I would say, "you can't come to Vegas and not see the fountains", but that's an understatement.  I live here and I literally stop to watch and listen every time I pass them!  What a grand and beautiful show in front of the Bellagio - one of those things that's a thrill to watch each and every time you're lucky enough to do so.  As often as I go when people visit, I still always hear new songs.    One of those Las Vegas sites that just never gets old :)
Whether it is your first time, or your hundredth, there is something magical about it.  Whenever the fountains dance to the song, "The Prayer", I get chills.. . I always take our visitors here and it is so easy to park at the Bellagio parking structure, walk through the indoor botanical garden and under the beautiful glass sculpture by Chihuly, then a very short stroll outside to Las Vegas Blvd.. . If you are visiting Vegas, this is a must see.  It is free and it is fun for all ages.  . . Showtimes:. Monday - Friday. 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. show every 15 minutes. . Saturdays, Sundays* and Holidays. 12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. show every 15 minutes. *On Sundays Fountain show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes for the Fountains Brunch at Jasmine. . . *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 28/100*
Who doesn't love the Fountains at the Bellagio? It's one of the best FREE shows you'll see on the entire strip. And, it's a show that works around your shedule. It begins every 15 minutes so you can see it at 6pm on the way to dinner or at midnight once you've had a few cocktails and you're walking barefoot because your heels hurt so bad. . . Whatever the case, the Fountains at the Bellagio is another must see in Vegas!
While in Vegas we did not see any of the street shows but I demanded that we check out the Fountains of Bellagio. This was my first trip to sin city and it was the one thing o my checklist that I HAD to see. . . Incredible. I can't think of a better word to describe the fountains. There is a reason these water jets are on the top of so many Las Vegas lists. The shows run every 15 minutes until 11 pm. We caught them at night which I believe made the experience all the better. I was in awe. I could have sat there for hours watching the show. There is something romantic and beautiful about them that just keeps you there. If I remember one thing about the strip it will be the Fountains of Bellagio.
#1 FREE Attraction in Vegas (Seems like everything is FOCUSED on it)  - You can't miss it and I must say that the Bellagio Fountains are truly spectacular!
In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. I am one of those people who is easily amused by shiny things and synchronized dancing and productions...bonus 'cause it's one of the free, under 10 minute things to do in Vegas. It's hard not to give this 5 stars 'cause it's free amusing entertainment. I will admit that it is one of the best free shows on the strip.
Saw these fountains at midnight, simply amazing.  I hadn't been here in years and had never seen the fountains before, they are just way too cool.  Heck, the entire Bellagio compound is stunning.  That much water, right on the vegas strip, money, money money.
An event that is a Vegas MUST SEE! You absolutely have to make your way to see the fountain show, the music can be a little bit cheesy but you won't be able to take your eyes away from this captivating water show! Be sure to go once during the day, and once the sun sets. It's beautiful!
There are 26 different songs played at the Fountains at the Bellagio. The Fountains play every 30 minutes from 3 to 8 and every 15 minutes from 8 to 12. This was one of my favorite things in Vegas and it was free! It gives me goosebumps every time. I watched the Fountains facing the Bellagio as well as on the patio of Picasso inside the Bellagio while eating dinner.
The fountains were very cool the way they moved and waved all over.   It was nice to sit and watch something free in Vegas.   I really enjoyed.
My wife andI heard so much about, how awesome and cool the Fountains of Bellagio are from friends and colleagues, that we just had to go and see. They said that it is a must see while in Vegas.. . I personally thought that the whole Fountains of Bellagio was just over hyped which made me quite skeptical about it.. . Well let me just say that I was wrong about the Fountains of Bellagio being over hyped and my skepticism was ill advised.. . I mean there aren't many free attractions or shows in Vegas. However, this one is, and it is an absolutely amazing thing to watch. My wife and I have seen the water show numerous times and it amazes us each time. Especially how they get the water show synced with music.. . Now that I've watched the water show at the Bellagio numerous times I can honestly say that I agree with all the Yelp reviews and reviews from friends and colleagues. Simply amazing and breathtaking.. . THIS PLACE IS A MUST VISIT IF YOU'RE IN VEGAS!
This is what vegas is all about. Love it.
If you were to ask me where you would go as the first thing to see on the strip, it would be right in front of the Fountains of Bellagio! Why? Okay here it is. *Takes deep breath.. . I consider this spot as the most appealing out of the whole strip because:. . 1. It's a nice spot to take pics and what couple/family would turn down a romantic/family moment? . 2. It's free. . 3. Usually there are characters hanging around that you can take pics with. No, im talkin about the ones that are dressed up as Buzz Lightyear and Woody from Toy Story. Of course these guys require a tip so its at your discretion.. 4. You have some of the best casinos in the same area namely Caesar's Palace to the right, Cosmopolitan to your left, Bally's, Paris, and Planet Hollywood behind you.. 5. Once the show is done, you can proceed inside Bellagio and go look at another free thing if you haven't already, The Bellagio Gardens.. . Some other random info: Free rides in a police car and a free night in a jail cell after taking a swim in the fountain. Make sure you go to the bathroom first before watching anything that has a lot of water continuously splashing around especially after consuming large amounts of alcohol or beverage of your choice.
I don't care how many times I've seen them, I keep coming back. Sure, I'll walk past them at times but the fountains are loyal and always there for you. From noon to midnight on weekends and 3pm to midnight on weekdays, you can always count on this free spectacle. Only in Vegas do you have an 8-acre lake with water explosions in the midde of a city that glows with neon. There's no reason to go in-depth on one of the best (and free) attractions in Louie V as many of us have seen them. However, if you haven't had the pleasure, either stream Ocean's 11, or better yet make your way to 3600 S Las Vegas Blvd.
STUNNING.... Perfect music selection. . THE BEST free attraction on Las Vegas Blvd
Best free show in Vegas. I never get tired of the Bellagio fountains. Last time I went was during Memorial Day, and the song that the fountains danced to was "Proud to be an American." Highly appropriate and very well done. If you want a closer look, get there a few minutes early before it starts so you can get a good spot by the railing--this place draws the crowds more than anything on the strip I think. Watch your feet, or the moms with strollers will get you.
Such a beautiful attraction.  I love taking photos in front of this fountain.  BEST FREE SHOW IN VEGAS!. . TIP: There are a few restaurants you can dine at while watching the show (this isn't free though...lol)
Such a beautiful attraction and it's free, I suggest going like 10 min before the show starts to get a good space or view to watch it. . They also have nice restaurants in the strip where you can see the show (very romantic)
This is one of my favorite Vegas attractions. I've been to the fountains 4 or 5 times now and it doesn't get old. The lights, the music the beautiful choreography - it's fabulous! It's perfect for out of towners, and children. If you're coming to the city and haven't seen the fountains, make it a stop - more than once!
Everyone should see this at least once in their life - pictures don't do it justice.
Yelp 100 Challenge * 75/100. . From afar, you hear the water roar to its great heights, majestic music in the background. You may remember seeing these fountains in just about every movie that was set in Vegas. So grandiose. So classic. . . Up close, it's another story. You start to notice the little details. Ballet-like water choreography, the little ducks floating, smokey mist, the look of admiration in people's faces. It's the perfect place to seek solitude when venturing the busy busy Strip and it has this special, magical air of romance that I couldn't quite find in other free shows. The fountains have captured my heart the moment I watched my first show and it's remained to be my favorite ever since. . . Musical numbers range from classical (Andrea Bocelli) to standards (Frank Sinatra) to pop (Elton John, Celine Dion - and not too long ago, Michael Jackson!) nightly, every 15 minutes starting at 7pm. I wasn't entirely sure about the afternoon schedule but Jade W.  hit the mark. Be sure to check her review!. . Also, I will admit coming here not only for the sake of showing friends around, but also to just enjoy myself. The fountains teach us that the luxury of enjoyment is not in the money you spend (this is FREE people) but in the time you spend it with. I always find it to be a refresher and a reminder that of how small we are in this great city & great world.
I really have not been to Vegas since traveling in Paris, and said "What the heck, let's go!" So my husband and I flew from our business meetings and met there! . . I LOVED the water shows and food, I will be going back at least twice a year now. I am hooked. What an amazing place. . . Five Stars!
Fun, Free activity in Vegas.  We wondered around the Bellagio for a while afterward, it is our favorite hotel in Las Vegas.
Oh the Fountains of Bellagio! . . Amidst all the hustle on The Strip, I could actually watch this for hours. The magnitude and size of the show is complex, and so elegant. A very well synchronized show. The music that is paired with the water show is mostly classical. Imagine classic Vegas: Sinatra! A few modernpieces as well. Best of all the show is free and located center Strip along the boulevard under the tree lined Bellagio sidewalk. You can also visit the Strip facing restaurants for dinner and a show. Great view from Eiffel Tower Restaurant as well.. . Do yourself a favor and skip the Sirens show at TI. But do stop to watch the Volcano at the Mirage before watching this awesomeness!
- Current schedule   http://bit.ly/po70wo. - I recommend my guests to see 3 free shows on the Strip: the Bellagio fountains, Mirage volcano and T.I. pirates.  . - The fountains play the most frequently, every 15 minutes during certain hours of the day.
Love the Bellagio fountains. I never get tired of seeming them. And hello, it's free which I hard to say when you live in a city where you are always getting nickel and dimed, ahem, resort fees. It is beautiful during the day, but stunning at night. 10 stars!
I had a view of this from my room over at the Cosmopolitan. Great free tourist attraction that I stop and watch every time I visit Vegas. They do change up the music. It is a beautiful sight, especially at night! Wait for the grand finale -- you can hear the water booming as it shoots up!
A Las Vegas staple that you've probably seen in countless movies. It is pretty cool to see in person, and nothing beats the price of free. I remember seeing it dance to Luck be a Lady by Frank Sinatra. That song and Sinatra perfectly encapsulate Vegas so it was real enjoyable.. . The most recent show I saw featured Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds by The Beatles. Of course, being a big Beatles fan, I loved it and thought it was magical. I think a lot of the performance depends on the music but their playlist is pretty bitchin. Check it out when you're in Vegas!
free. good show. fun music. fun people. huge crowds. all day long! go. its free and its pure entertainment!!!! and right in the middle of the strip so it is easily accessible! just go.
I only saw this at night, but it was so beautiful. Everyone should stop by and see the fountains, even if you've been to Vegas multiple times. Every time I end up in Vegas, I'm going to make it a point to see. At night, at least during a busy weekend, the fountains will go off every 5 or 10 minutes. So, if you don't get a good spot the first time, just hang around and when everyone is leaving, find a good spot to view the next show. . . The fountains paired with classical or operatic music is definitely much more beautiful than when it's paired with modern music. Singin' in the Rain or a Michael Jackson song just doesn't feel right with the elegance of the fountains. If there was a night where they just did classical songs to the fountains, I would stay for hours.
Basically when you think Vegas you think Bellagio fountains. Amazing at night, not so much during the day. You can usually get an upgrade at any hotel that has a good view, this will make sure your room has a fountain view. It is a nice touch if you don't do Vegas often.
This place is a must see for the shows that are offered in Las Vegas.  I came here in the 2009 trip, then the 2011 trip I made sure I saw this show a few times, recently June 2013 was back in town and had to see it again. Love how the music is coordinated to the water blasts as well.  These fountains and this water show are the place to see. The Fountains look great in the day, but even greater at night.  I guess I have to gear up for my 2015 trip the way my Vegas patterns have been going.
Absolutely beautiful and completely free! :D
Its good alot of people asking for money especially the people in costumes and dont take free rides to stripclubs or pay for club passes all a scam
Always a pleasure walking by this place. Great place to just relax and enjoy the show!
Beautiful and free! If you're looking for something to do for a few minutes it's worth waiting for the show to go off. The fountains are in sync with the music and it's just beautiful. Even just walking or driving past and seeing it is amazing.
Awesome fountain show. . Better at night.. Always a different song.
With all the awesomely themed hotels located in LV it's great to think that someone can still come up with something (fairly recently) that stands out as a unique and entertaining icon.... . Watching this simple yet enjoyable fountain show while listening to "Time to Say Goodbye" played over the loud speakers really helps add to the Vegas experience and serves to help solidify that you've arrived!. . The Bellagio offers this great fountain show during the daylight, but also when it is dark at night time, but I find it more enjoyable at night when the lights of the fountains serve as a way to enhance the experience.. . Strategically placed fountains in a large man made lake shoot fountains of water high into the air and through the magic of computers and imagination the synched fountains seem to dance along with the music played. Sheer beauty ensues!. . Not a whole lot is free in Vegas (understandable,) but this one is totally free and so worth checking out!
The best attraction in Las Vegas, I have been living here for almost a year and I still get excited when I see it.
I was fortunate enough to catch a day show when they synchronized the fountain to Whitney Houston's rendition of the Star Spangled banner! Nearly brought tears to my eyes!!. . I also caught a night show to a Frank Sinatra song. A must-see on the strip
Amazing, both day and night!
The Bellagio fountains are an amazing FREE attraction in the center of the strip in Las Vegas.  The water and lights are beautifully choreographed to music and are a must see when visiting.  The show lasts 5-10 min and repeats every half hour to hour depending on the time of day.
After 7 PM they dance every 15 minutes to different songs. So cool!
Hands down the best free thing you can do on the strip.  There was a decent crowd, but it moved fluidly.  Parking at the Bellagio was fairly painless and easily accessed.
If I could,  I would give this wonder 10 stars. The show is at the fountains in front of the hotel. The water literally dances to the music that is played, anything from the Beatles to Andrea Bochelli. The lighting, and the water cannons that shoot the water into the air are spectacular. At night, the show is every 15 minutes and each time the music and the show changes. You have never seen anything like this. Do not miss this when you go and enjoy!!
Needless to say, this is Best water show in the world.  And the best part is, its FREE!!! I had a Great View from my room in Bellagio.  According to the Discover channel, this is the most expensive hydraulic system out there and I am not surprise atall.
Its a free show.  It shows all the time.  Theres plenty of viewing room.  Its world famous.... . Theres no reason NOT to see the fountains!  :)
best free show on the strip can't beat that and it changes all the time.
I love the fountains!  They are mesmerizing and just a sight to be seen!  If you get the opportunity to dine outdoors at Olives in the Bellagio you will have affront row seat!
Dare I say that the Fountains at Bellagio is the single best attraction in Vegas? (The show featuring an excerpt from Rachmaninov's Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini (aka Love Theme from the soundtrack to Somehwere in Time) was really cool.
Few things make me as happy as the Fountains of Bellagio. There's a magical quality to this show that makes you feel, if just for a few minutes, that the world is good and everything will be ok. It is an absolute MUST see for everyone!. . One of the best parts is that the show is FREE, yes free. All you have to do is show up and elbow a few people to get a good spot. But, the show expands for almost an entire block so there is plenty of room.. . More times than none there will be folks performing on the street. Some in costume some playing instruments some might just be drunkards. There's entertainment all around this event so keep your eyes and ears open.. . I really like the wide variety of music. Songs from Elvis Presley to Celine Dion (ha) to Frank Sinatra to Michael Bolton (ha ha) and everything in between. It's a very American, patriotic show to say the least. Quintessential Las Vegas. . . It really doesn't matter where you stand, sit or slump to watch the show. All vantage points are great because, well, you're in Las Vegas!
I absolutely LOVE the fountain shows and stop to watch whenever I'm walking by and there's a show going on. It's free. It's beautiful. It's breath-taking! Definitely a MUST SEE!. . Some of the songs I've heard:. Ecstasy of Gold (my current favorite). Luck Be a Lady. God Bless the USA. Fly Me to the Moon. My Heart Will Go On. . Monday - Friday:. 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. (show every 1/2 hour). 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. (show every 15 minutes). . Saturdays, Sundays* and Holidays. 12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. (show every 1/2 hour). 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. (show every 15 minutes). . *On Sundays, fountain show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes for the Fountains Brunch at Jasmine
This is probably the best free attractions in Vegas, it does not matter which seasons you are in, there will always be people crowding around the premise.  Every time the water choreographed feature always feels mindboggling and the songs were always nice.  It was amazing to see how much they could do with just four types of nozzles.. . For a nicer view, one could always dine at that one restaurant with fountain view in Bellagio.  For hotel view, unless you want to spend a fortune for a Bellagio room with Strip view, you could always get a Strip view room across the street at Paris.
No matter how many times I see these fountains go off it never gets old.  If you are near the Bellagio just be ready to stop and look or be stopped by somebody in front of you looking at these gorgeous fountains.  I am just amazed as to as how high the water shoots in the air.
Really cool nighttime show. It's not to long and it's free! Nice little change of pace from the casinos to come out and watch this water show. It goes every 30 mins til 11pm I think. Great for photo opportunities.
One of the most iconic and beautiful attractions in Vegas, and it's free! It plays regularly 2-4 times per hour. The fountains are choreographed to music, and the show changes periodically. It's great for kids and adults alike. It's right on the street, so if you're passing by, you can catch a showing.. . Monday - Friday. 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.. show every 15 minutes. Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays. 12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.. show every 15 minutes. . Like other reviewers have said, it's great at night with the lights...but on this occasion, I just loved it in the afternoon. It was a beautiful spring/summer afternoon with the sun shining, the lake sparkling like diamonds, and Andrea Bocelli singing "Time To Say Goodbye". With the gorgeous lake, the Mediterranean architecture and the cypress trees, it felt like hanging out in Italy on a warm afternoon.. . This is a must see in Las Vegas, don't miss it!
The single best attraction in Lost Wages -- and you don't have to spend a cent to watch it.. . The Bellagio has an 8 acre lake just for the fountain show, and it is breathtaking (like the whole Bellagio property, really). Every 15-30 minutes (depending on the time) the fountains will erupt into a spectacle that is both breathtaking and creative. And, believe it or not, it is eco-friendly: they use recycled water for their fountain show.. . Thanks to Amit P., here is the schedule for the fountain show:. Monday - Friday. 3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.. show every 15 minutes. Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays. 12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.. show every 1/2 hour. 7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.. show every 15 minutes. . If you don't stop by here for a fountain show, you're missing out.
Whether it's day or night these the fountain presentation is always worth watching.  I prefer night as the lights that accompany the show add some additional glow to the presentation.  Highly recommend everyone make the effort to see this at least once.
Umm...I got front and center for the fountains that danced to Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On" and I might've squealed like I was 13 again.  Sam epically rolled his eyes but MY HEART WILL GO OOOOOON AND OOOOOOOOOOOON.. . So cool, and definitely worth staking out a spot.
No matter how many times you have seen the show on other trips, the Fountains of Bellagio are always something you should take time to see. . . The show and music does seem to change so even if you've seen it in the past, it's likely that the current show is different.. . The shows occurs more often at night than in the day. I believe it's every 15 minutes and every hour respectively. . . We were lucky enough to be at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant for one of the shows at lunch time!!
This a lovely, free entertainment! A must see!
An awesome show when my wife and I stopped by while on our vacation in Vegas. That night they had the fountains dance to patriotic music which was great.
If you have never been to Vegas this is one of the things you must see on your visit. I have been several times, and it is still awe inspiring watching the blasts of water and streams dance along to the music. The shows are well choreographed and the music choices vary. The show is completely free and the show happens every 30 minutes M-F from 3:00pm to 7:00pm and every 15 minutes from 7:00pm to 12:00am.. Saturday and Sunday is every 30 minutes from 12:00pm to 7:00pm and every 15 minutes from 7:00pm to 12:00am. This is one of the best free shows you will ever see in your life and is not to be missed. Make sure you make time to be there when the fountains start and you will be in for a treat.
Breathtakingly beautiful. My favorite time to watch the fountains is at night because it just creates this amazing ambiance that can't be replicated at any other show on the strip. Every single time I see the fountains at Bellagio, I get transcended to another place and I forget I'm even at vegas. Love.
The fountains during Chirstmas time at night is the best!! Hands down!
Well worth wading through the crowds to see this...and it's free too!
Just magical! Went three times in two days!
The fountains at the Bellagio are so famous & rightly so. They were everything I hoped they would be & more. They are definitely an awesome free attraction & worth watching, and the fountain show takes place several times an hour in the evening. We watched it once on of our first evenings in Las Vegas, but then on another night, we just hung out, watched them with our drinks in hand. They were incredible.
If you're on the strip you have to watch the fountains at Bellagio, they are simply amazing! And they change their music / choreography, so even if you have been there before it still might be new! They currently have Elton John's "Your song" playing, which was really beautiful. . . And while it is awesome watching them outside,  rumor has it you can also watch from Bellagio's lounge "Hyde" and see an up-close view. We didn't make it this time, but that is definitely on the to-do list for next time!
Such a beautiful show, and even better...it's free!!!. There are many expensive parts of Las Vegas but there are also free shows and this is one of the best.  Something everyone should see at least once. It you plan on going to the Eiffel Tower, I suggest waiting until the evening, it makes it even more beautiful and you can stay up there and watch the Bellagio Water show from that view, amazing! You can even heard the music better from that view.. We watched from the Eiffel Tower at night and from the ground during the day and it was so much fun. . Walk by and wait a while for one of the shows!
Good free water show. My kids love it. Good place to take the kids for free to kill some time. Good area to take some pictures too.
Stunning! We ate at Prime and had an incredible view of a few daytime and nighttime shows. The music was diverse and every show was a different experience. It is one of my favorite Vegas moments. It made me want to stay at the Bellajio next time just to be closer to the action!
Always a great show with New Music all the time! I like to meave work and catch a show during my breaks sometimes!
If you go to the Strip, this is a must see, -several times-.. . We caught the 3:30 pm show on a cold, rainy afternoon at the end of November. I can remember the song, and still see the choreography in my head. The water danced as if it were waves from one end of the pool to the next. . . It changes through the day, so you want to make sure that you catch it a few times. Each one lasts the duration of a long song, so you never know just which one you're going to get.  And when the city grows dark, the water is lit and itbecomes -that much- better!
This is one of the reasons that Las Vegas is truly an Oasis in the desert.  This is one of the best known tourist attractions in the world and there and many good reasons for it.  The beauty is that you can see it from so many places.  The music is chosen with all tastes in mind, in fact for a certain amount you can even pay to choose the song the fountains go along with!  . . Make sure if you are at the Bellagio, or really anywhere in Vegas you check out the fountains.  It is one of the most amazing sites you can see and unlike most things in Vegas, it's free!  Perfect on a hot Summer night or perfect to bundle up with a cocoa and hear your favorite songs done to a water show unlike any other!
Best free thing to do in Las Vegas.  Go at dusk.
A Las Vegas Classic! Some you should definitely go see when you're in Vegas. They have day and night shows. You can even pay to request a song. Just beautiful!! . . Every 30 minutes during the day.. Every 15 minutes during the night.. . I prefer the night shows because it looks a lot prettier. Plus this is free! It's also funny that they're known for this giant water show that's in the middle of a dessert. Hah, just shows what money can buy. . . Remember to go into Bellagio while you're here. They have stuff to see in the hotel too.
Always a beautiful experience.  It's a pleasure watching it from different angles.  Brings up so many memories of Vegas visits.
After long walks on the strip at night, it's always great to stop by and catch a show!. . While not as advanced as Disney's California Adventure's World of Color show, the overall summer/night-time atmosphere at the Fountains of Bellagio is pretty amazing. . . Like Justin N. mentioned, I'm sure a fountain view room would be a great place to watch the show as well. Definitely recommend to watch a few times if you're in Vegas :)
Nothing says Oceans 12, we've finally made it, like watching the Bellagio fountains!. . PRO TIP OF THE DAY: Pay the fare to go to the top of the Paris tower to watch the show! Worth it.
Bellagio does list the songs on their website, but I do wish they could post what time each song is playing at. My fav is "All that Jazz" from the Chicago soundtrack, and I haven't been able to catch it again. :/
Always a lovely sight to see when on the strip.  Definitely a must see any time you are visiting. It's a quick, free show not to be missed.   Also very nice to look at when stuck in LV Blvd traffic! Lol
How does the Fountains of Bellagio not have a 5 star review?  Water Phobia? Light show too bright and while drinking you do not like bright lighting? Poor access to slot machines?  Your guess is as good as mine but I know it always makes me happy watching the Fountains of Bellagio.
What can I say about the Bellagio Fountains that has not already been said?  What a fantastic idea and a lovely execution.  The music and the fountains and the lights come together to make quite a spectacle, day or night.  . . I've seen the fountains dance to many songs over the years and recently had the luxury of watching from the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  It's always awesome and fun and on this visit I had a new experience once again... i watched the fountains from the backside after exiting the main entrance of the Bellagio.  I loved getting a "new view" and reminds me that there is always something different to see when you're in Vegas, even when it's just a new view of an old favorite.. . If there is anyone out there who hasn't oooh'd and aaaah'd over the Bellagion Fountains, I hope you get the opportunity soon!
It's a free show with water art. It is accompanied by classical music and is one of Las Vegas' signature landmarks. Pretty cool thing to see and it's cool what technology can do. If you've never seen it, go at least once then you can go back to losing all your money at the casinos.
Water fireworks!! Was in Vegas on Christmas Day and saw the show to the song Sleigh Ride and it was fantastically charming :-D
I love the Fountains.  Even as a local the Fountains Never Get Old.
Absolutely the most incredible thing I have ever seen! I'm glad that I made it a point to come see the fountains in person because seeing them on tv just doesn't compare. It was so beautiful and I couldn't look away the entire time! I saw them at night so I'm not sure what it's like during the day, but I was blown away. If you are in Vegas I would absolutely recommend going to see the fountains! You will be amazed!
Free and amazing to watch.  Show is different every time, and worth catching a few times. If you can go to the Top of the Eiffel Tower across the street and watch it as well.
