Oh my, it was incredible. The design, everything was literally flawless. The DJ line-up? Insane. Yes, they are experiencing some issues with overcrowding the opening week, but it will subside in time. I mean, what did everyone expect would happen when the world's largest nightclub with numerous legendary DJ's opened? This being said, I don't think anyone will ever top XS. For me, even though I haven't written a review, XS is the best nightclub in the world, an experience worth six stars in the nightlife world.
Went to Hakkasan during opening weekend on 4/20 and everyone was either stoned or they've figured out a way to atomize happy vitamins and management was having Molly air pumped through the venue. . . Despite the fact that HS' design isn't very innovative and one of the main hallways reeked of incense (good looking out on 4/20 I guess), my first night at Hakksan was an excellent one because everyone from the staff to the patrons was unbelievably nice, to the point where it started getting creepy. Within ten minutes of getting past the horrendous line outside (one of the few downsides), the following happened:. . 1) Every bartender at one of the bars on the EDM floor proactively introduced themselves to me (which, by the way, was only possible because they didn't pack the place to the point where it felt like I was on a train car full of refugees seeking political asylum like they do at a certain club whose name rhymes with the word 'Narquee').. . 2) A bouncer decided to give my friends and me a mini-tour of the main entranceway and provided a detailed verbal layout of the place for us to follow.. . 3) A random patron decided to buy my group a round of drinks just because (and I didn't wake up the next morning in the desert sans pants).. . 4) Some big Mexican dude who resembled UFC heavyweight champ Cain Velasquez kept checking in on me to make sure I was having a good time and had enough space as I aggressively elbowed him in the back of the head every third fist pump or so (and it didn't seem like he was being sarcastic).. . All in all a strangely great experience. I somehow doubt they'll be able to keep this up for very many weeks but hey, enjoy it while you can.
I LOVE THIS CLUB! ONE OF THE BEST CLUBS IN VEGAS NEXT TO XS!. . PROS. 1. LOVE ALL THE DETAILS! They don't haveyour ordinary "go go dancers", they have these awesome costumed dancers who make the artsy modern atmosphere even better! Made me feel I was watching KA. I like that before Bingo Players began, they had a dragon intro on the screen, which made it feel as if I was at a concert. They gave out SO many of the light sticks so it was so festive the day we went on Sat 4/20! Also, they had blow up monkey dolls floating on the main dancers - this made it feel so Spring Break! I had a blast that night!. . 2. THE DANCE FLOOR IS BIG ENOUGH! For those who are complaining about the dance floor being too small - uh which clubs are you comparing it to?! HELLO! It surely is bigger than Marquee and XS's main room! . . 3. THEY HAVE ELEVATORS! For those complaining about the many stairs- shut up already and find yourself an elevator! Get over it.. . 4. SOUND SYSTEM AND LIGHTING IS AMAZING/SPECTACULAR/AWESOME! What else is there to say? The best in Vegas!. . 5. ROOM TEMPERATURE WAS PERFECT! For a club that is all indoor, it was not super hot at all! They kept blasting the AC and all dancers loved it!. . 6. NOT SUPER PACKED/CROWDED! Compared to Marquee, which is one of the clubs I extremely hate going because it gets so packed that you can't even dance, this club was so spacious, we were able to dance@. . 7. PRE SALE! PRE SALE! PRE SALE! We got in just fine and dandy! No trouble so I suggest getting pre-sale tickets because it's way cheaper than getting it at the front!. . 8. SUPERB CUSTOMER SERVICE! All the staffs and bouncers were SO nice! One of the girl host asked if we wanted to take pics and bouncers kindly let us know to throw our drinks out the trash before coming in. It's these little things that make this club awesome!. . . CONS. 1. They don't provide tap water. Water costed $9 for us! That was horrible! So be mindful of that before you go in.. . 2. The entrance from the club is not so fun! It was kind of quiet the walk. I'm comparing this to Marquee and XS, which is close to entrance door (sort of).
Was there last week for Hardwell amazing night ... Overall good experience. Only downfall all the stairs. For all the people complaining about drink prices stop being cheap Vegas isn't for people on a budget if you're too broke then don't go out!! See you April 26th for Deadmau5
This club is just BEAUTIFUL.  Every room and level is perfectly done.  Even though first weekend was a little hectic, EVERY CLUB in Vegas didn't have a smooth road opening.  I believe Hakksan did a great job opening.  . . Favorite room is the Ling Ling Lounge!. . Just read one of the reviews for Hakksan.. Who the heck asks for tap water at a bar inside a club in Vegas?!
This is one of the best nightclubs I've seen in a very long time.  They did a great job with the design of the club, especially the light and sound.  We were there on 4/26 to see Deadmau5.  We reserved a booth on the 2nd floor overlooking the main room...it was amazing!  The laser/light show was perfectly suited for the music and done very well.  From our vantage point, it was exceptional.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-night-club-las-vegas?select=PbJCoYtRwa-BHFOatI8CnQ#PbJCoYtRwa-BHFOatI8CnQ. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-night-club-las-vegas?select=jRPS0hDzWjGVfmbPHsSPWA#jRPS0hDzWjGVfmbPHsSPWA. . We setup the booth well in advance and it was easy for us to get in.  It's a mega-nightclub in Vegas, you have to expect to wait if you don't have things setup in advance....it cracks me up to read the reviews complaining about the lines, etc.. . The bottles were reasonable....Magnum of Patron & Goose for $950.  Our VIP server was very accommodating and attentive, keeping our mixers full and replenishing our bottles when they emptied.  We had 16+ people in our booth, so the alcohol was being consumed pretty fast.  I have no idea what the final damage was for the evening....well over $5000.. . Now for the music....Deadmau5 was simply amazing.  He came on around 1 am and tore it up.  There wasn't a bad spot in the club....the club is engineered well and the bass/highs/mids were perfect throughout.  I didn't want the night to end, it was that good.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-night-club-las-vegas?select=xfz96V7lzRzWXE4wzk9Tqg#xfz96V7lzRzWXE4wzk9Tqg. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-night-club-las-vegas?select=GPf9-lJThUsatjt38jNOFA#GPf9-lJThUsatjt38jNOFA. . 1 level below the main floor, there's a Hip Hop lounge and a Hip Hop room.  We did wander there for a little while to check it out before Deadmau5 came on.  The lounge was dead....only 5 or 6 people there.  That was strange....I bet they change the format of the music within a week or two.  The main Hip Hop room was jammed packed.  It too was well engineered for sound and lights.  I like how they put it in the center of the room and there's a walkway that goes around the perimeter...it makes for easy people watching and access to the main floor.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-night-club-las-vegas?select=hwrokLedZcWP7zV_Zid10w#hwrokLedZcWP7zV_Zid10w. . Overall, I rate this place 5 Stars and can't wait to come back as long as they continue to have great DJ's.. . Tip:  Don't park at the MGM Grand.  It's 1000x easier to park at the Tropicana Hotel valet and walk over....seriously.. . Return Factor - 100%
Wow. Based on the first 30-ish reviews, haters really are gonna hate, aren't they?. . Came on Saturday (4/27) of Hakkasan's opening weekend. This place is seriously amazing for so many reasons:. . 1. Girl/guy ratio was probably 10:1. Basically, it was a club full of girls, and then a small minority of guys who could afford to be there. Awesome.. . 2. Such a pro staff. Showed up with my wife at 10pm. No reservation. No ticket. Line at least 700 deep that I just wasn't going to deal with. Bless you, Drew, who referred me to Dave, who handled the situation like a vet. 2 line-jump passes later and we were in the door. . . 3. The interior is awesome. Three different levels. A separate room for hip hop (Pharrell was celebrating his bday there). An incredible light show throughout.. . 4. The bottle service booths and couches were well monitored and looked super comfy and plush. . . Calvin Harris and Tiesto came on. J. Lo and her Kevin Federline dude were on stage. . . Overall, this was one of the best clubs I've ever been to. And I've been to many.. . Regarding some of the other comments I've read:. . 1. Yes, there are alot of stairs. And I saw at least six girls go tumbling down them. Well, it is what it is. Don't wear the 5 inch heels if you can't walk in them.. . 2. Is it pricey? Yes. You know what? Deal with it. Or don't. But don't come expecting to get a Ferrari but only pay for a Ford. That's on you, not the club.. . 3. I agree that they let a few too many people in. The dance floor got suffocatingly packed and it was hard to actually dance.. . But overall, a great vibe, a pro staff, and a really killer layoutand design.. . I will be back, Hakkasan. I will definitely be back!
The thing that I love about Hakkasan is that they were very thoughtful in their table placement and size.  I would say there aren't many tables that can be pinned as "awful" in this space, and as an independent VIP host, that's important.  My client who may be doing a low minimum will be satisfied with his table even though he's not sitting on the dancefloor table because all of the tables are great.  The rooms are beautiful and the design is top notch.  I personally love this venue.
Love this place.. The hugeness of it and how there are different levels so you can see the DJ and crowd from above.. Tables are everywhere and they all had a decent view.. I still love XS but I think HK beats it for now because of their amazing DJ residents.. Went for preview opening and had so much fun went back for the grand opening as well :)
My friends and I came last night to see Tiesto and it was amazing. A lot of these reviews are complaining about the stairs but its so minimal, come on people. Hit the gym if your that tired after a few flights of stairs. Anyways, the dance floor is amazing, the sounds is crystal clear and I never waited more that five minutes to get a drink. All the staff were friendly and helpful. I will definitely be going back again to Hakkasan
Keep in mind that this is a BRAND NEW CLUB in LAS VEGAS with SICK DJ'S.. . So expect the line to be long, expect to get here early (especially guys), expect to be spending money, and expect the insane amount of people.. . I came here around 10:45 PM on May 3rd with 10 ladies. I saw that the lines were ridiculously long but luckily we had an all-girls group so went to a separate line. Our group kept moving but I had to leave the line for a few minutes to retrieve one of the ladies in our party. When I went back, the woman working the line was very understanding (she even smiled the entire time! Who does that now?) and allowed us rejoin our group. We got into the club within 10 minutes.. . They put us in the elevator and we went straight to the main room which wasn't packed at the time. I'm so glad we found a table because the dance floor did not have a single open space later on. . . . (-/+). -/+ I really wish I had the chance to explore the other floors, but that was my decision so I can't hold it against the club.. . -/+ Personally I didn't feel the need to leave and re-enter the club, however it is a new club and they need regulation so I totally understand. (Hopefully, they can change that in the future though.). . -/+ I like the view of the strip especially on a rooftop, but unfortunately Hakkasan did not have an outside area. At the same time it's smart because I've been at XS during a desert thunderstorm (Vegas seems to experience quite a few of those) and it was not fun getting rained on. The ventilation inside the club is excellent.. . + I can't comment much about the decor because I only spent time in the main room. However, the main room had really ridic lights! Very cool.. . + When I did find the need to use the restroom, it was easy to return to my party. Nice bouncers.. . + Elevators saved my feet! I went into the club through an elevator and I left the same way. VIP/all-girls treatment (?) I'm not sure.. . + Friendly, friendly, friendly staff.. . . Overall, my girls and I had an amazing time.. . My advice: Go with a group of girls until the hype dies down.
Saw Calvin Harris at Hakkasan on May 4th.  I was expecting a lot, and I was not disappointed.  Lots of stairs and no free tap water (WTF???!) but overall it was an amazing night.  Would definitely recommend for anyone looking for an EDM club scene.
awesome place! had so much fun - saw calvin harris and the energy was great. We even ventured into the hip hop room on 3rd floor, it was going off in there. Love that there's a mix....Will definitely be back!. . P.S. we took the elevator up and down, not sure what some people are reviewing here
Had an amazing time here last weekend.  We bought a table and had no issues when friends came later to join the table (this has been a  HUGE problem at other venues like xs).  Staff was extremely  nice and accomodating, by far the nicest I've seen in town.  We stayed late and got moved to an amazing table right off the dance floor.  I definitely plan to return on my next trip.
The club is huge and massive and cavernous and damn near impossible to explore in just one visit, but everything in that venue is next level.  The lighting and sound, next level.  The DJ's they have booked, next level.  The service, next level.  Case in point, our host Mary Lind.  I've worked with her in the past at another property, and she went out of her way to make sure that my Hakkasan experience was amazing.  I'm looking forward to my next Vegas adventure so I can explore more of the venue, specifically the restaurant.
AMAZING Club.  I went there last night to see Nervo and I am totally impressed with this place. I am a local so I have been to almost every club in Vegas and I wasn't sure what to expect.  The sound system is the best I have heard in this city. Because of how open the club is, I never got that claustrophobic feeling that I get is many of the clubs here. . The light show was amazing and added so much to the energy!  I like the fact that there are places where you can stand and watch the DJ (some of the clubs here make you keep moving like cattle).  Once Nervo came on and we hit the dance floor, everyone was super cool and the vibe was great.  . The floor plan is great for a club of this size and there are plenty of bars so you are not waiting forever to get a drink.  . Great service, great sound system, great experience.  I can't wait to go back.. The best club in Vegas
I had a fantastic time, didn't wait long to get in, the staff was friendly, everyone from the hosts to the bartenders to security. The club is gorgeous and the various rooms make it easy to change ambience. Mary is one of the best hosts I've had, she took care of me and made sure me and my party were taken care of. Highly recommend Hakkasan to anyone that wants the Vegas nightlife experience.
AMAZINNGGGGGG!!! I've been here about 4 times now and I've had an amazing experience every time. With it being a new club, you can expect the crowds, so that's just something you're going to have to deal with. But the club is HUGE, and there are definitely places all over where it's not as crowded and can still have a great time drinking cocktails and hanging with friends. They have an upstairs balcony area that looks down to the main floor where the hottest DJs play. I've so far seen Calvin Harris, Tiesto, Steve Aoki and Deadmau5 (what an amazing line up!!). Also a section off the side of the main area called the Pavilion were its close enough to all the craziness but far enough to breathe and have A LOT of room to move. Lastly, (my favorite)... The Ling Ling room! Living in Vegas, I feel that most of the clubs just play House music and I'm sick of it!! The Ling Ling room is a floor down (have to take the stairs, but its worth it... and not as much stairs as Marquee) and plays ONLY hiphop!! The size is great. Pretty much a club itself. So refreshing to have a club that offers so much variety! Definitely caters to all types of clubs-goers:  from loungy to hiphop to the crazy EDM fans;). . Overall, I was entirely impressed with this club. With the impressive LED effects atthe DJ booth, to their gorgeous staff (omg, drool) this is definitely a club worth checking out while your visit to the city!!
Our 70 minute wait in the guestlist line was so worth it.  And you probably will never hear me say that again unless I ever get the chance to come back to Hakkasan.. . When we first entered the club we ended up on a level playing a sweet club-music mix.  We walked up a platform to dance along the bottle service tables, and within 20min were joined by a guy in a giant mouse costume and showered in confetti.  Now THAT is a Vegas experience!. . When it can't get any better, it does, and we leveled-up (literally) to dance to Tiesto until 4am.  What a blast: hot pole dancers and performers took the upper stage over his head while a light show played on the walls and confetti and glitter rained down on us.  I don't think I've ever raged so hard in my life.  Although the music was still playing at 4am, I had to take my sore feet home while Tiesto was still finishing his second bottle of vodka up on stage.  Just a couple warnings:. -Bring drinks for the wait in line.  The drinks in the club are so pricey (think $9 for a tiny bottle of water) that you'll want to arrive drunk. -Make sure you have legit ID- we saw quite a few people turned away and I can't imagine how much that SUCKS after waiting over an hour. -Check out multiple levels when you finally get in. -Stay all night.  We saw a ton of drunks leaving early- and after the long wait why miss out on an all-night party?. . This club is gorgeous, HUGE, and the acts they draw are out of this world.  Although the tickets are pricey, and the wait is long, it is SO worth it.  If you stay at the MGM, this is a must.  Thank you, Vegas.  And thank you, Hakkasan, for closing my weekend on such a high note!
I went here opening night with a friend of mine. The line was very long, but I didn't wait in it because I somehow convinced my friend to hold my spot while I gambled. Deadmau5 was playing and we got in right as he went on. The entire place is amazing, definitely one of the top clubs in LV, and maybe the world. It had a great ambiance and just put you in a good mood. It is expensive, though. Cover was $75/ea, and drinks were about $13/ea. If you're looking for an awesome one-of-a-kind experience, check this place out... but have a couple drinks beforehand so you don't go broke.
I must admit that I read the reviews and I was a bit apprehensive.  However, me and my gf went for Calvin Harris on Saturday and let me say we had an amazing experience.. . While I understand the sentiment by some (e.g., stairs, rude staff, and pricey), I feel that if you want to attend a top club with top talent then you must understand you will have to pay some money. Most importantly it eliminates the riff raff. You buy what you get.  And we (me and my gf) are perfectly fine with it. Granted we all want to have bottle services, but you will have to shell out a lot of cash.  . . Anyhow, we stayed at the MGM (West Wing) which conveniently was close to the entrance of the club.  I purchased pre-sale tickets on the day it went on sale (back on April 24 I believe).  Biggest advice I can give everyone who is planning to go on a Holiday weekend: Purchase the tickets the day it goes on sell.  The longer you wait the more expensive it will get. We arrived around 930 and at first we were a bit confused. There's already a long ass line. However, there were some lovely looking ladies with signs trying to control the traffic flow. There's basically three lines: General Admission (highly inadvisable), Guest List (I must admit don't know what's that about), and finally Pre-Sale Tickets (Highly advisable). A very nice bouncers asked us if we had pre-sale tickets, and I told him yes (I showed him the tickets). He then led us to another line that had "Pre-Sale Tickets" and he told us this is where we belonged. The line was very short and within 10 minutes we were in the club.  . . The bouncers did scrutinized our ID's, but my lady went in with no problem and I used my military ID card. It pays when you are in your 30's, no hassles, you are veterans of the club scene, and we are here to see a top DJ. . . Once inside we were led to the elevators. This caught me by surprise as I was expecting to endure three flights of stairs.  I guess if you have pre-sale tickets they rectified the complaints of using stairs. Or maybe the people that wrote their reviews didn't pay pre-sale tickets. Once we arrived inside the club it is simply amazing. Michael Woods was spinning as the pre-cursor before Calvin did his set . Good mixes and beautiful women. The women to men ratio is high. So guys if you are here to meet quality women this is your chance. But come correct guys.. . The drinks ARE pricey. Two drinks (Bombay sapphire and tonic and Grey goose and tonic) around 30 bucks. I also had a shot of Don Julio 1942 for $50. The Fiji water is pricey, but I didn't care. I was here to have a good time. It was crowded but it's expected for Calvin Harris. His set was amazing. First time we've seen him and we were very impressed. . . Overall, the club is very nice, trendy, and classy. Granted it's only one time that I have been here, but I guess is different when you purchase pre-sale tickets and you are accompanied with your significant other. The bouncers were very helpful guiding us through the potential maze. And the use of the elevator was the kicker. You pay what you get guys and gals. We were very impressed. Kudos to MGM. Now we need to try Marquee and XS.
Hakkasan At The MGM Is By Far My Favorite Club In Vegas! It Has An Awesome Set Up Great Sound System And Lights With The LED Background Will Have You Tripping Out (If You Know What I Mean) So If Your In The 702 Go To Hakkasan #JoshieApproved #JoshieThoughts #ThatsRight #SenorVegasDoesntLie #JustSayin
WOW Ok this place blew my mind! I didnt have too many expectations, but I'm in love.. . First off, it was super easy to get into the club. The elevators were really accessible. When I'm wearing 5 inch heels, I want to be able to get from A to B as easily as possible. . . The second thing that blew me away was the incredible LED screens. I felt transported to EDC.  I also really loved the variety that Ling Ling offered. There was a totally different vibe between that club and the main room. It was nice to be able to transition between the two. . . The crowd was so amped and everyone seemed to be having a great time. Surprisingly, I didn't get fondled and groped by other club goers, which people in Vegas seem to think is totally acceptable to do to a group of girls. So, whoever is working the door there did a great job. . . Cannot WAIT to go back to this club for my bday in a month!
I AM IN LOVE!!! A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!  Loved it so much we went twice 6/16 and 6/19. My best club experience to date, and I've traveled the world... palmsnparadise.com . . I read the reviews and was a bit skeptical the first night we went, but boy were the negative ones wrong!!  If you don't like Hakkasan, you must not like dancing or drinking or having a good time.  The atmosphere is like no other.  The lights/LED's are phenomenal, the confetti that falls from the ceiling adds to the excitement,  fans cool you off every so often, and the DJ's and dancers make this club a MUST GO while in Vegas.  I would have gone every night, but they were closed Mon/Tue. MGM spent 100 MILLION dollars on construction and decorating, and then an additional 70 million for some of the best DJ's in the world!  . . From both my experiences, if you're going on a busy night, get there before midnight.  (which we didn't....) What could have turned into an epic fail was quickly fixed by our VIP Host that had gotten us on the list.  Sohit up my new favorite Senior VIP Marketing Host Max a couple days before you want to go.  He will make sure you have an excellent clubbing experience whether your poppin' bottles or just getting a few drinks!!  He will make it a night to remember!! He's just a phone call or text away @ 502-418-7945 or Email Max.Masterson@angelmg.com.
Hottest club in Vegas right now and that includes all the new kids on the block (The Light & Eclipse) and the big boys (Marquee & XS).  Honestly the only thing  this place lacks is an outdoor area the likes of Marquee and XS, but trust me when I say it makes up for it by being the biggest baddest club on the strip.  Not to mention the fact that they've locked up all the all dopest DJs in the world to exclusive contracts, and for me that's the biggest trump card in the deck. . . Also goes without saying that this joints got enough lazers, lights, and airguns to destroy even the most seasoned ravers LOL. Def one of my favorite Vegas night clubs right alongside  XS and Marquee, with an honorable mention going to Light, Tryst and Surrender.
Newest most poppin club in Vegas right now! The line for it is tough, so understand that the bouncers and promoters outside are just doing their job. Once inside, it's more cool and employees are funny and helpful. Worth the wait!! Thing to remember is make sure to get a hookup, just like in any other club in Vegas. But this one is newest so you really need a good hookup otherwise you can't be sure. But overall, the club is definitely a Las Vegas standard world class night experience!
I wasn't really looking forward to this place, but wow it blew my mind!!  Your best bet for no hassle entry is buy tickets before hand and eat the restaurant.  After dinner the manager escorted us up through the back way and skipped the whole line process.  Our bartender was very generous with his pours of Ciroc Peach!!  The little details that went into this club are crazy-By the way- try to catch deadmau5 here- I thought he would be cheese but he was amazing!!!
One of the best clubs I have been to in Vegas by far! Starting with the bouncers: very polite, professional, and just not the normal asshole bouncers. The club was immaculate, and the drinks were as stiff as a 16 year old virgin on prom night. Definitely buy the pre-order entry tickets though! I would definitely recommend this place!
Honestly I was scared based on reading these reviews and others that mentioned "Hakkastairs".  It wasn't as bad as I thought. . . Went last weekend for bob sinclar using presale tix from wanttickets.....waited a whole 2 minutes to get in...only way to go if you're not doing bottles. . . Was absolutely blown away. the opening DJ was dope as hell...had a great mix and felt the crowd to get warmed up. layout was surprisingly dope, the dance floor I was able to get around a bit....sound system was tremendous and they had FREAKIN CRYO BLASTS COMING DOWN FROM THE CEILING ON TO YOU. That was just insane...video screen above the DJ and they had a second level with choreographed dancers to the performance.  Just freakin incredible, I was really really impressed with the venue and Bob Sinclar was dope as hell.   . . Checked out the venue a bit, I'd personally stay away from the hip hop room...out of the way and just got a weird vibe. The main stage was where its at...go dancefloor tables, don't think the back room or upstairs would be as good.
Make sure you know a VIP Host or a promoter for this club.  They will get you in free on their guest list.  If you don't know anyone, prepare to pay $$ for entry or $$$$ for a bottle (unless you are a female with a group of females).. . I was with a group of all females, and we were able to get a free bottle and table from one of the VIP hosts (perks of being a female, not fair, I know).  However, I knew that the minimum for a bottle was $3500 for this night given that it was Steve Aoki playing.. . I definitely recommend getting a bottle because you will have your own sitting space, table, and dancing space.  The dance floor is extremely crowded and sweaty.  You will not be able to move without people grinding on you and touching.  It was extremely claustrophobic.  I only lasted about 2 minutes on the dance floor before I was gasping for breath and I just couldn't wait to go back to my table.. . The overall atmosphere of this place was AMAZING.  The sound system, the lights, the DJ, everything was completely mind-blowing.  That's why I gave this review 5 stars.  I could not stop dancing all night.  It was a great experience.. . Overall, if you don't have some serious dough to blow on this place, don't come.  But if you do, I am sure you will have the time of your life.
Has to be the most exciting club in Vegas right now. I have been twice so far and they were both very different nights but both awesome. . . People are complaining about the amount of stairs here, but there are plenty of elevators so you do not have to take the stairs. The main floor is amazing, you can see the DJ from pretty much any angle, there are bars all around the side, the dancefloor is huge and there are plenty of tables. . . The first night I was with a group of girls and one guy, we wanted to make sure we got in so we purchased tickets a week in advance, the pre-sold ticket line moved a little faster than the general admission, and when we got closer to the top all the girls were guided one way while the guy we were with was put in a slower line (unless you have the money to pay for tables and bottle service it can be really annoying to be a guy in Vegas). We got chatting to a really nice woman working security and she managed to pull him out of his line and into ours (which was so lucky because we never would have found him inside). . Calvin Harris was playing and the music was amazing. We spent the entire night on the dancefloor, lost some of our group because it was so busy but we all had a great night. . . The second time we went it was just the girls and we were on the guestlist. We arrived a little late and we were looking for the guestlist line (there are so many different lines). As we walked by the line for tables we started chatting with a group of really nice (not sleazy) guys and were invited to join their table. I have no idea how much they were spending but the table we had was one of the best in the place, so I imagine a lot! The hostess we had was gorgeous and really sweet (all the hostesses here seem to be the best in Vegas, they are all so hot and really nice). . . If you do have an insane amount of money to spend then the tables are the way to go, but even without one you will have a great time. I can't wait to go back!. . One last note, my friend lost her purse here and I don't know if it was staff or someone else who found it but it was handed in to security with all of her cards and cash still inside, I love honest people!
Club is amazing. . . PROS:. . Size (Largest hip hop room in dual format clubs in Vegas). # of Bars. Decor . Music. Friendly Staff. . Cons: Long line for elevators but didn't use them.. . . Cry me a river about all the stairs you have to go up the girls we were with said it wasn't bad at all. . . Been waiting a long time for MGM to finally have a good club. They've finally done it.
Don't know what everyone is complaining about?  I had a blast.
DJ Hardwell rock, love it so much!!!!!
The best club I've been to in Las Vegas. I really enjoyed that there were different rooms with bars and deejays. One room had more hip hop and rap, the other had edm or club music. Loved both rooms. I went on a Thursday night and not all rooms were open but it was the best experience I've had in Vegas. I'll definitely be returning.
After going to Hakkasan I don't think I would want to go to another nightclub again especially in the U.S.. This was the best nightclub experience for me and all my friends. The show, the sound, the lighting, djs, service, bouncers, i mean you name it. We were seated at the owners table due to some my friends perks. The best table in the house right across from the dj booth. The cocktail waitresses were prompt and were there when you needed them. We had unlimited amounts of water, red bull and other chasers. We had our own bodyguard. I mean this was just an amazing overall experience. . . I will say this, do not even bother coming to this club if you are not getting a table, you will be stuck in bar lines and jammed packed dance floor.. . TAKE ME BACK TO HAKKASAN!
Let me start off by saying, if I could give 6 stars, I would. A small group of friends and I went to Hakkasan for Memorial Day weekend, which also happened to be one of my friends' birthday weekend. We were there Friday (Tiesto who played for 4+ hours!) and Saturday (Calvin Harris and Michael Woods) nights... . . Our first night (and  my first time at Hakkasan) was out of control! We waited outside maybe 60 seconds before we were walked in to get our ID's checked (don't even try if you're under 21) and then quickly led to the elevator and up to the 4th or 5th floor- it was the main dance floor. We had table 11 (directly across from the dj- TIESTO in this case, on the first tier of the dancefloor- so directly on the dancefloor) on Friday and it was, in my opinion, the best table in the place!!! We were immediately introduced to a security lead, Steven, and a guard named Arey. Both were EXTRAORDINARY. I smoke cigarettes and whenever I decided to smoke(mind you, it's VERY well ventilated), it seemed like it was ALWAYS lit before I even pulled it out...the bottle girls, bottle service assistants AND security were right there to light me up! And if someone we didn't know was hanging around the table, or whatever, security was there to quickly handle the situation. This table is not cheap, but DEFINITELY worth it if you are celebrating!! The tables have dance platforms above the tables for people (seemed like 99% girls) to dance on. In short, we never were in short supply of beautiful girls to hang out with!. . Saturday was a little different. Without going into too much detail, I felt a little hustled by our bottle service girl- which is expected at Las Vegas nightclubs, but all in all it was a good time. It may very well have been that the previous night was so unforgettable that I had VERY, VERY high expectations!! This night, we had a stage table. I didn't quite like it as much because we were so excluded from the rest of the club that there was virtually no interaction with the people and we were really, really far from the bathroom. But other than that, it was a lot of fun. Definitely an interesting perspective.... . Tips: Dress to impress, get there early if you don't have a table, if you dont want to pay an expensive cover- buy presale tickets, and be respectful to everyone.
HAKKASAN.. thank you for the moat amazing night of my lifeeee! :D hahha went during their opening weekend when Bingo Players was spinning! Literally, one of my favorite nights of my life! The venue is gorgeous and huuuuge! They definitely need more seating areas! But can't complain when you just want to dance the night away because the music is on point! Their residencies are the best out of all the nightclubs! I highly recommend Hakkasan over all the other Vegas clubs!
Wow this place is huge!!! MGM really stepped it up! Everyone that worked there was super friendly and it was a lot of fun. The only downside is that there are so many lines out front that it could get confusing. I walked in with with someone that had bottle service so I didn't have to stand in line, but even finding the bottle service entrance was a trek from side of the club to another. But there are about 4 or 5 other lines, wonder what that's all about?
This is definitely the new hot spot in Vegas for Summer 2013.  . . My girlfriend and I were not even to the front entrance and we were greeted by two very nice V.I.P. hosts.  We walked in without waiting in line with no problem even with it being a pretty big DJ(Deadmau5).  The bar was not overly crowded and the bartenders were super nice.   . . I would say the staff here was definitely a big factor of why i would definitely go back. The people all around were very cool.
I thought the club was great. I'm sure if I went again the experience could be a complete 180 from our recent visit to the club.. . We went on the Friday of the July 4th weekend and waited in line for less than 1 hour, by getting there around 10:30. . . Inside was huge and had many rooms but I believe only 2 dance floors. One area featured the guest DJ - Tiesto, and the other room was hip-hop/Top 40s. The music was good, which really is one of the main reasons for going to a dance club, right?. . Drinks expensive as you might expect and more crowded as the night went on. Overall a really good atmosphere.
Came here on Sunday of Labor Day Weekend 2013 and had a FABULOUS time.. Thanks to my wonderful VIP host Ana M. & also to Janneper H. We thought we were just getting a regular table with bottle service but were pleasantly surprised with a VIP SKYBOX and may I suggest that the skybox is definitely the way to go here! You get your own spacious private room with a balcony overlooking the dance floor.. You also get your own restroom, restroom attendant & security right outside your door! The energy was great, the music was poppin & over-all it was a great time with some great friends... . The main reason I am giving Hakkasan 5 stars is the wonderful service we received from everyone who works there starting with our cocktail server (who danced with us & made yummy drinks all night) + the server assistant (who constantly picked up all fallen ice cubes & kept things refilled)  to the security (nice security? ...what a rarity! The bouncer outside our door had no problems taking lots of pics for us & the doorman outside the club actually shook our hands and smiled saying thank you for coming to Hakkasan this LDW) and of course, can't forget my beautiful VIP hosts.. . . I've heard of complaints on how there is no outdoor patio but it was cool and not smokey at all inside the club so this did not bother me.. I have also read that there are lots of stairs but we took the elevator so that also did not bother me.. . So if you want the VIP treatment check out Hakkasan ;]]] . . HOT TIP: Sundays are industry nights ~!!! & There are multiple floors for different music genres!
We had the good fortune to experience the excellent service at Hakkasan Lounge on the second floor for drinks and conversation.  Then when we were ready we went up to the 4th floor the second level of Hakkasan Night Club.. . We could see over the dance floor and the DJ and entertainment above.  We enjoyed people watching for a while and then decided to go down to the large but crowded dance floor.  This is a high rollers night club; don't come if you don't have money to spend.  . . * The service 5 stars . * The Entertainment 5 Stars. . Great way to spend a night with friends...
I don't know what to say.... Every single time I've been here, I honestly have the time of my life.  Take it from me...a local who has been to literally every single club here in town. Whether you get bottle service or not, this venue will deliver. . . Hakkasan's DJ LINEUP..... Need I say more?!
I've had a great time every time I've visited this club.  The overall experience has always been good for me.  Let me break down it as easy as I can.. . Staff:  From Security, the bartenders, waitresses and hosts.  Everyone has been professional and has given me first class treatment.   It seems like if you're nice to the staff and personnel there, they were more than happy to go above and beyond in customer service.  Regardless, everyone I've encountered has been great.  The staffing levels were effective in ensuring a great experience for everyone.. . Headliners:  I've seen Calvin Harris, Hardwell and Tiesto there a couple of times.  The Big Name Resident DJs won't come on until later.  1:30 AM would be considered early for them coming on.  The Sets and the experiences have been fantastic.  Sound and lighting seem to work well with whomever is showcased.. . Venue Setup:  The main room where the DJs are showcased can get crowded quickly but it's just big enough to hold enough people for an intimate concert that would be hard to find anywhere else.  There are many levels with lots of stairs.  Ladies please be careful with your heels.  The Ling Ling room is a nice little get away when you actually have to have a conversation with someone.. . Price: I'm fortunate enough to not have to worry about the entry but most people I know pay $50  at the door.  I've heard entry as high $100 on some nights.  Beers are about $12, Shots & drinks at $15.  This is not the night club to go on a budget on.   Treat this like a bachelor/bachelorette party mindset in Vegas:  It's going to cost some $$$ but it's better to throw down the money for a good time versus not to.  If you want to frequent Hakkasan without having to spend some money, just like any other place in Vegas or life in general, it's all about networking.. . Summary:  It's the most popular nightclub in Vegas with the best mega resident DJs with high end appeal.  To expect it to be anything else would set you up for a disappointing evening.  I'm not there every weekend but I'm there to see my favorite DJs and I have yet to be disappointed with the experience.
ALSO! I just remembered the valet was full the night we went but we told the attendant we had bottle service at Hakkasan and so I gave her my name and she checked her ipad and then in in in we went! AWESOME ;]]]
There is no other club that comes nearly as close to Hakkasan. . . The night was amazing. It was truly epic. One for the books. . . I had the time of my life here with my gf's. We were treated so great and we loved every minute of it. Steve Aoki was amaze. . . Can't wait to be back next year.
Like any other club, it's always best and comfortable to be sitting at a table.  My friend referred me to the host, Kevin Lee (twitter.com/KevinLeeVegas).  He always answered me promptly via text about questions I had about Hakkasan and the process of getting into the guestlist.  If I had a X amount of people in my group, he could hook me up with comp bottle, which luckily I found enough people to go out on a Thurs night!  And of course you have to give a generous tip to the waitress and server.. . Me and my group came to the "Table Reservations" line on time and was led to our table within 15 minutes.  Our waitress Jessica and the rest of the staff in our area were attentive and through in explaining to us any information.. . The night we went, Fergie DJ (@ 12am) and Dada Life (@ 1:30am) performed.  I was glad they didn't perform super late.  I've waited past 2am before to see a DJ perform!  They all played awesome sets!  Thanks Hakkasan for one of the most fun club nights I've had in a long time!
When I come to Vegas and go clubbing, the only types of songs I ever expect to hear at any club is EDM. I was surprised when I came here. They spun HIP HOP! I mean, i love EDM as much as the next person , but every now and then, I don't want to just fist pump or jump around. . Entrance was super fast. My friends and I essentially just walked right in. . . Separate floors for each type of music. . The hip hop room stayed packed but was never crowded. The bar line never got longer than two people, bartenders were attentive, and the drinks were pretty good. Played all the good bump beats and you could really get down to it. The bouncers , well at least the only one i talked to , was super cool. I wanted to just sit and dance next to the DJ  in the VIP-ish area and he was like " yeah sure no problem." Thumbs up to him. The layout of this room was great too. Have your walkways on the side, dance floor right in the front center..Never got crowded where you had to shove people to get to where you needed to go. . . The electro room was way to packed for my likings. I only spent about 15 minutes there but I'm assuming it was awesome.. . Overall, I didn't mind paying the $100 COVER cause I'm a guy in VEGAS.
Let me start by saying that thanks to all the previous reviews, i was terrified to party here. BUT my boyfriend and i wanted to party to Tiesto and Eric-Dlux so we decided to try it anyway. and Thank goodness we did!! WE had a blast!! The lingLing room is were we stayed at the most because of the music. we are not hugeon EDM but we visited all floors. If you complain about the stairs.. learn to walk in heels!!! i didn't have a problem and i was wearing 5inch heels. If its still an issue buy fold-able flats they're like $10 at Walgreen's. we were able to use the elevator at first but then they shut it down. the drinks were strong (good thing!) and the performance were great. I will for sure party it up here again!! . . Quick Tip: buy pre-sale tickets! We did and we did not wait in any line, at all. the other lines are a mile long.. play it smart and be prepared!
Got in last Saturday through a hook-up, no wait, no cover, score!  Door guys were friendly.  This place is huge and confusing.  There's 5 floors.  Floors 1 and 2 are the restaurant.  Floor 3 is hip hop room.  Floor 4 is EDM and floor 5 is a balcony overlooking the 4th floor.  Hip Hop room was great.  Loved it.  Had so much fun.  Steve Aoki played the main room and it was off the hook.  The light system in this place made me feel like I was on another planet.  It was insane!  Steve Aoki cakes people when he DJ's.  Be warned!  Cake everywhere and champagne showers.  Bartenders were pretty nice.  Never had a long wait to get drinks.  Place is super packed though.  I can't wait to go again.  Loved it!
This was my first time being to Hakkasan and I loved it. I went to see Aoki and he was incredible. I read a lot of reviews about how the people working there were rude, nothing could be farther from the truth. The people there were great and everyone was nice and more than welcome to help you out if you had any questions. The one bouncer Mike G answered all my questions as soon as I got there and was super nice. I didn't have to wait more than a couple minutes for a drink either, the bartenders were extremely nice as well. I don't have a bad thing to say about this place. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a great time. I will definitely be back here to party next time in Vegas.
I love this place! I haven't been clubbing in Vegas for awhile now so when I went with my other two girlfriends I definitely needed to hit up the hottest nightclub! I was able to get all three of us on to a guest list and when we arrived at MGM Grand we headed straight for that line. The promoter Luis kindly showed up and introduced himself and let us know that the wait would be about 10 minutes. . . Once inside it is typical in that its dark, you can't find a place to sit and yes the dance floor is small and crowded. So why do I give this place a FIVE star rating?! My girlfriends and I were able to snag a free table with bottle service! All free!!! I was able to dance my night away on top of a table and was so glad to have that space to just share with my girlfriends! I definitely would hit up Hakkasan again!
Don't know why there are sooo many neutral and negative reviews. This club was a lot of fun. The exact type of music I'm into. It was crowded for a Thursday, but isn't that a sign that this is the club everyone wants to go to???? If there is a lot of room then that is a sign that the club isn't that good. I also took the chance of texting Allen Choe. Didn't know if it was a scam but he is real ppl!!! He did help us get in by putting us on the staff guest list. Super nice and helpful guy!!! Got in free and FAST!!!!! The bouncers were nice. Maybe it was because of the line we were in. But the club is big, decorated nicely, and has the feel of a real trance party. If you're looking for hip hop or rap don't come here.
Right off the bat I don't know why this place has so many bad reviews. I came during the summer for Tiesto and it was GREAT!!! Friday night I purchased my tickets in advance online and had no problem getting in. The bouncers and security were no problem I was speaking to them and they were friendly . We got out there around 11 and there really wasn't a line for us since we purchased tickets ahead of time..    Once we walked in the place is great on the inside! The bartenders were all cool and the drinks were great also..    The dance floor gets packed but not to the point were you can't even move and It was for Tiesto of course the place is full. .    I went again on Sunday night and again no problem going inside and once inside had another great night! As long as they keep having great DJs this place will remain great
GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE! . . Our first night at Hakkassan: . We started our bachelorette weekend off with a show that got out really late and we wanted to try out Hakkassan since it's new! Our promoter, Kevin Lee, was super accommodating! He got us into the club at 1:30am right when everything was popping without any delay. We tried the main floor that was EDM, but gave up since it was waaaaay too packed. We moved to the hip hop room which surprisingly wasn't packed even thought it was smaller than the main floor. The music was good and the crowd was fun. . . Our second night at Hakkassan: . We decided to come back again since we had a good time the other night. We got on the guestlist and as we got in line, a girl approached us asking us to join their table since they wanted to get the ratio of girls up. She told us we didn't have to wait in line or pay for bottle service, we just had to go with them. I looked at the line in front of us and said, "hell yeah". I should have known it was too good to be true. As we got out of the guestlist line, a manager came up to ask us who's guestlist we were on and when did the girl ask us to join their group. I didn't know what was going on, so I was honest about it. . . We met with the couple who had asked to join them and sh!t hit the fan! The manager was chewing out the couple of stealing guests out of the line and etc. We had no idea what was going on and was told to go back to the guestlist line by a different host. We already had plans to get bottle service somewhere else but just wanted to do a little bit of club hopping first. It was not worth it for us to get back in line so we decided to leave. Another bouncer/manager saw that we were leaving and came over to us. He got us checked in and we skipped the regular line.  . . He explained that the couple were locals and were getting paid to help promote the club by bringing in guests. The manager was upset because the couple stole guests off another promoter's guestlist when they asked us to join their group. Totally makes sense and I truly appreciate them taking the time to explain it because I was so lost in the situation. It definitely salvaged my experience at Hakkassan =).
Best club in vegas its 4 stories and has different music on each level shoulder to shoulder packed they should have a capacity there.. but music was awesome the dj was playing music that kept me there all night!
WOWSERSSSS. I am reading other reviews on here and I am suprised (and thankful) that for as buzzed /wasted pants I got when I was here, I still had a good time. . So I came here Halloween weekend, on Nov 1st. Everyone was still pretty dressed up. I didnt want to wear my costume so I came in street clothes. My friend got a promoter to put us on a guestlist so we barely had to wait to get in, we also got there really early, we didnt want to deal with getting to the club at peak hours and waiting forever.. . Once inside, its decieving. I thought it was smaller when I walked in (sober) as I got more intoxicated, I realized how big it is inside. My friend that I went with was having a rough vegas weekend, tired and lost her phone the night before at XS. She left about 30 mins into the night, but she knows me I am ms. social  as soon as she left i made new friends and had drinks given to me practically left and right. At one point I was on a solo adventure and ended up roaming around alone having a blast, UNTIL SUDDENLY.... I HEAR... Escape me by Tiesto.. and i rememebered that the reason I was there was to see him. I go and jam out to him and have a ball !!! . . I even met a cutie pie there that happens to live close to me and we are  hanging out soon... had a great time here, met cool people, saw Tiesto, didnt lose anything, and experienced a fun time.. this club is huge and dont forget the hip hop room downstairs..they were playing two chainzzzz :)
I don't get the bad reviews. I've been twice and both nights have had the time of my LIFE! . . Yes, it's crowded. The dance floor is jam packed and you'll spend 15 minutes of your life trying to get in.  So if you can, get a table. You'll be glad you did.. . As far as getting to and from the Lingling room and the main floor, you can wait forever for an elevator or take the stairs. After all those stairs and dancing,  you'll probably look around for somewhere to sit for a bit... good luck with that. . . All that said though, I didn't let crowds, stairs, or a lack of seating areas ruin my night. It's a NIGHT CLUB! Wtf do people expect? I was there to have a good time & that is exactly what I did. . . The DJs are amazing! The crowd is fun and alive. The staff is nice. The bartenders are . . If you love EDM, happy people and a good time. Hakkasan is THE place to be while in Vegas. . . If you're into mediocre music, a blah crowd and empty space, please... stay away.
Had an incredible experience.  There's nothing like XS, but hakkasan is def something worth experiencing.. . Everyone thinks the mutli floor thing is cool, but if you were old enough to rage in the 90's most clubs had multiple rooms with diff types of music.. . The table set up is really roomy and spacious, you def never feel crowded in the main room here.  The hip hop room is another story.  Its packed and wild.  Girl on girl fights, debauchery, make shift (albeit very questionable) go go dancers, etc.  . . The main room dance floor is huge. DADA LIFE did a great production although not my fav edm show of all time, they def hit the unique with their massive pillow fight the whole banana thing- it was rad.. . Let me tell you what stood out about hakkasan I have never experienced such good service at a nightclub EVER. From entrance to being given the royal treatment at our table, it was freaking incredible.  These people worked their asses of to serve with excellence it was awesome.  Our host Kevin Lee was the MAN!!!! After a 7k dance floor table left for the night, he personally surprised us and moved us to the better table, it was amaze.. . I would go back just for the service, worth every penny.
The first time I came here, I wasn't a fan. The reason why was because I didn't know there was a hip hop floor! Literally my girls and I were so new to this place that we stood on the EDM floor for so long....and we were just not feeling it. After discovering the hip hop floor...MAN I loved this place! . . Came here again for Halloween weekend and it was totally enjoyable! The music was good! Only thing with the hip hop floor is that the dance floor is small. There are little open areas where you could just dance and mingle around though! The EDM floor is pretty decently sized compared to other places. From what I remember, there was like a lounge area too where you could sit? . . I like the look of this place too. This place is crackin! . . XS is still my favorite club to go to though, but this place is considered one that I would love coming back to party at.
I have been here 2 times and i have always had lots of fun seeing and listening to Tiesto. I have only been here on saturdays and it does get crowded. i like to hang out on the dance floor and just listen and feel the music and tremendous energy of the crowd. i lost or sweated about 5lbs the last time i was here. it does get warm on the dance floor specially once you start dancing. the laser lights are really cool and some guy comes out and starts shooting water vapor at you to cool you off. Tiesto also has a button he can push to spray you with cool water. it gets very loud and my ears are ringing for about a day after. lots of girls named molly here so it's i hell of a time. going back this week to see Steve Aoki.
I was nervous about this place because of some of the negative reviews, but it has the best DJs in town and that's what was most important to me.. . We went here on a Friday night. We arrived around 11:30 and there was a line to get in, but I had bought tickets online, so they just scanned the ticket from my phone and we went right in.  We got confused because the first place you get to is the hip hop room, which was super crowded and had nowhere to dance.  Then I figured out we must not be in the main room, so we found you had to go up a flight of stairs.  The main room is quite large, and has a good size dance floor.  Of course it was super packed, but we were still able to find a corner to dance in right below the DJ booth.  I don't know why people were complaining about seeing the DJ, obviously if you are right beneath it you can't see, but as soon as you step back a bit you can see fine.  The DJ was awesome (main guy came on around 12:30 I think), it was a fun crowd (everyone was dancing, there weren't a lot of people just standing around getting in the way), bathrooms were easy to find and very clean, staff was very nice.  Again, yes it's crowded, people bump into you and spill drinks on you - welcome to any club in the world.  If you want to see a famous DJ and dance for hours on end, you have come to the right place.  I can't wait to go back for Tiesto and Hardwell!!!!!!
Can I just say, "Effin' WOW!!"  Had an awesome time when Nervo rocked the house!  The dance floor was packed tighter than a can of sardines , but the bouncers did an amazing job keeping people moving around to other areas.  Shout out to big "Mike" who let me and my date stay in a spot right in front of the DJ!!  And I have to agree with some other good reviews about the bouncers, these guys were all great!  And yes, that older guy with the shaved head does hand out mints!! He's really cool!! Bartenders were good, I just moved around until I found one I really liked and then I kept going back to him and tipped him heavily each time. Some of the bad: It does get extremely crowded, and ladies, you have to watch your step on those stairs, I saw a few high-heel tumbles and lots of drink spills.
Came here on a Sunday night. It was 35 degrees outside in December so only the one floor was open. . . We had eaten dinner at Hakkasan and were also on a guest list for the club. Because of one or the other, we were given one free drink ticket each. Unlike the Bank, Hakkasan honored our drink tickets for redbull/vodka. Score! Only drink out of the question was champagne.. . Hakkasan is different from other Vegas clubs I have visited in the sense that as I had heard, this club really is all about the famous DJ's. Yes, there are some people mingling in the open bar areas but this is really the place to come to dance or be a spectator. It's really a site to behold.
Treated like gold! The music was good, club was good, but Mariana (bathroom attendant) was stellar! Sounds strange, but she was a total rock star! I would highly recommend just for her!!
