Fremont street is always going to be a little different than the strip, but thats why I like it much better than the strip. The Golden Nugget as of right now is the gem of Fremont street. Totally remodeled , brand new tower and all the rooms in the entire hotel rivalthose of the brand new rooms on the strip for about a 25% discount from the strip. Best place to stay on Fremont.
This was one of the several hotels that I walked through and explored during my first visit to Las Vegas.. . The Golden Nugget Hotel was one of my two favorite hotels that I discovered during my trip to Las Vegas. What made this place stand out and totally rock is their giant shark tank! That's right, dear reader, a giant shark tank! What made this tank so amazing, besides the giant sharks swimming inside, is the fact that it's located at the swimming pool and has a tube that you can ride through inside the shark tank! Oh my god!!! I wish that we had the chance to come while it was open, but since it was closed, we took enough pictures and video to last a life time.. . The other cool aspect about this hotel is that it seemed to be filled with celebrity impersonators that night. Not really my thing, but it was fun to see the tourists get all excited and leave their slot machines to ask for autographs and pose for a picture or two.
We decided to get away for Thanksgivng weekend so with the weather always dicey driving to Reno we decided to drive to Las Vegas and stay downtown. My wife wanted the Golden Nugget and I went on line and made a reservation for the V.I.P. floors of the Gold Tower. The room rate was the same as for a regular room on the Strip! We are now in love with these rooms, the Golden Nugget, Fremont Street and Las Vegas!!! From the time we handed the keys to the valet, we checked in, in the wonderful V.I.P. Lounge, got to our beautiful room, our luggage arrived, was all of 20 minutes!!!! My wife adored, just adored the Spa. We both loved the Jelly Bellys, fruit, trail mix, bottled water as you get off the elevator on the V.I.P. Floors so we are now spoiled so much so, we have the same reservations for my 50th birthday bin April with the addition of a cabana @ The Hideaway pool! Also, a big shout out to The Starbucks...I was going to p/u a city mug(I collect them) but forgot, my wife called they shipped it free of charge and included a bunch of Via coffees for my Xmas present!!! We are both counting the days until my birthday trip!!!
Aside from the super lame Gordie Brown show, our stay was perfect. We did indulge in the free spa passes on the last day of our trip. It was like a high end club. We also swam in the pool with the shark tank. The water slide does go through the tank but you are going so fast, you won't even see the sharks. However, the slide was still fun just on its own.. . The Grille was ok. The decor is pretty nice. The location is perfect on Freemont street.
This hotel is amazing I am a local and I still love visiting golden nugget for a get away....  the rooms are amazing and its such a clean hotel!!  Will deffinately stay comming here!!!
The rooms are great. We stayed in the Carson tower and for $200(tax included) for 3 nights we could not have asked for more. The hotel is fabulous and the pool is amazing. It gets pretty crowded during the day but is a blast. We went down the slide and that is really cool too. . . The restaurants are pretty pricey and table games can get expected later into the day/night but all of the casinos downtown(at least the ones in the general vicinity of the Nugget) seem to be that way these days. . . We took craps lessons and really enjoyed that too. The tables are fun(when they aren't too pricey) and the ambiance is good. . . Overall, my group is excited for our next trip to Vegas and we can't wait to stay at the Nugget again!
Perhaps I'm biased about the Nugget, given that I won $1000 bucks at a penny machine this weekend!  But really, the best money for hotel stay on Fremont.  Affordable and the classiest on the street if you ask me.  Love everything it had to offer.
To be honest, I was expecting very little after booking a hotel room Downtown, but the Golden Nugget was amazing. Much nicer than the Flamingo, in my opinion.. . We stayed in a two-double bed room in the Gold Tower, which just happened to overlook the gorgeous pool. If you're into pools, you absolutely cannot miss this one. The pool area looks like a huge wedding cake cut in half with semi-circular levels with cabanas above the main pool area. The core - seen from the pool level - is a huge aquarium with sharks and large fish. And there's a waterslide that takes you through the aquarium. The pool area didn't get as crazy-busy as some other Vegas hotel pools I've seen, but on hot days it fills up pretty quickly.. . The room was fantastic. The hallways were an interesting hodge-podge of smells, a little bit musty and a little bit strawberry lip gloss. Surprising to me was the lack of an "old hotel" smell. This place has been renovated with the wallpaper and carpet updated, so inside of the hotel it's tough to imagine how many years the rooms have seen. My only complaint is about the soft beds which led to backaches.. . The casino was great, offering free craps lessons most mornings and an excellent array of video slot machines.. . For our first stay Downtown, this was pretty much the best spot we could have chosen. We'll definitely return to Vegas, and you can bet that we'll book a room at the GN again. Highly recommended!
Oh how I love the Golden Nugget! We stayed here a few years ago and fell in love. My husband and I do not really like the strip to much anyway and truly like the ambiance that downtown has to offer in general.
Hands down my favorite spot in Vegas for staying the night, dining, and lounging poolside!. . First, I just love downtown. It has a great 'feel' to it. It's friendly and easy to have fun affordably or luxuriously.. . Second, The Golden Nugget is like Peter A. says: "The Crown Jewel of Downtown" and is also much nice than many mega hotels on the Strip. . . Third, the Rush Tower is absolutely the best room I've had, ranking above Caesar's. It's clean, smoke free since it was built, has excellent design and bedding, a private check in desk, and is only $20 to upgrade from their Carson Tower room. HIGHLY Recoomend the Rush Tower.. . Fourth, their pool is the bomb! Huge Shark tank with a water slide that goes through it. Lounge chairs in the shallow water, outside gambling tables (yes there are some $5 minimum tables too), a fire pit, and nice size hot tub for the evening, it's perfect, albiet maybe not big enough for the amount of people dying to use it. . . Fifth, surprisingly delcious dining options, especially love the Grotto restaurant for amazing Italian fare at reasonable prices. (See my review on that) AND their Cafe is pretty darn good. The service is a tad slow there though. . . So, for many reasons, the Golden Nugget is my favorite hotel in Vegas!
What a beautiful hotel on the inside! My Grandmother stayed here with her sisters and I had the pleasure of eating at the buffet with them as well as enjoying the pool, which is the best part about the hotel (aside from the fact that the rooms are the most amazing hotel rooms I've ever seen.) The pool has a slide that runs all the way through a fish tank. It's kind of scary to think about it because there are sharks swimming with the fish, as the slide has see-through walls so you get to view it going down. Pretty amazing to see though. The second and third tier by the pool have outdoor cabanas so you get to enjoy being pool side with a group. If I could afford it next time, I'd definitely stay at Golden Nugget in Vegas.
We always stay at the Golden Nugget we go to Vegas.  The hotel is always clean and luxurious.  This was the first time that we brought our kids who really wanted to hang out by the pool.  I must say, that while the pool is nice, it seems a tad small.  Also, if you want to have a seat, you will need to be at the pool area way before it opens, which isn't really a bad thing because it is nice to just lay out there and relax.  We love being downtown rather than on the strip and this is the best hotel downtown.  We have been and will continue to be repeat customers.
I have never considered staying off the Strip before, but after our "stay" at the Golden Nugget, I might have to reconsider.. . After hearing about the Nugget's awesome water slide (that GOES THROUGH A SHARK TANK), we booked a room in the middle of our stay elsewhere. First impression: this place in general is a lot nicer than I'd expected. While the casino does show some signs of its age, the lobby could have fit in perfectly with the fanciest resorts on the Strip. Our room, while a little dark, was still much nicer than expected.. . Now, onto the pool. As I mentioned before, the draw here was SHARK TANK WATER SLIDE, and it did not disappoint. Not only can you slide through a tube that goes through a tank full of big toothy sharks, but the rest of the pool surrounds said tank and makes for great observation. There is tons of lounging space around the pool, including couches and what were essentially big round "beds" (you know, in case you want to play Vitruvian Man). A couple of ice buckets of beer ($20 for 5 beers, not too bad), a swim in close proximity to man-eating fish, and you've got a recipe for a fantastic afternoon.. . Like I said, now that I've tried it, I would actually consider coming back for a longer stay. The Golden Nugget has the glitz of new Vegas (at least as much as I can handle), but still retains the more laid-back, non-ultralounge vibe of old Vegas.
Highly recommended hotel!  . . My second time in Vegas.  The First time I stayed at Paris.  This trip out I stayed 8 days at MGM Grand and then 1 day at The Golden Nugget.  I wanted to see downtown LV.  I have to say this was the best day of the whole trip.  The service here was unbeatable, esp. compared to every place on The Strip.  The employees actually like their jobs, they care about you and they go out of their way to show you just this,. . My favorite part was the AMAZING OUTDOOR POOL!  Three Pool areas, a jacuzzi, private cabanas, cushioned clean and covered chaise chairs.  The 3 story high water slide goes right through the HUGE shark tank!  Very kid friendly too.  Private adult pool for those looking for more quiet atmosphere.  The room was 100 plus tax.  Can't beat this price anywhere in Vegas.  The room didn't have a coffee pot, a fridge or a microwave (BUT NO HOTEL IN VEGAS DOES!!!) The room was newly updated- nice bed, huge flat screen tv, great view, cozy.  . . The buffet was better than the MGM buffet by FAR!  When checking in, we received 2 Buy one, get one Buffets.  The price is already half that of the Strip Buffets.  I felt you got a lot for the price.  . . Gnotto, restaurant, VERY GOOD!  The Wedding Cake is a must have!. . I honestly cannot say a single bad thing about this hotel.  After my experience all week at the MGM and multiple places along the Strip, I was ready to leave and never come back to LV.  This hotel has changed my perspective and I will def. be staying here again if  and when I come back to Sin City.  . . The bus stop is right outside the hotel and makes for easy access anywhere on the Strip.  . . Another nice thing about this hotel is that you dont have to walk 20 minutes to the pool, or to the lobby, or to the food areas.  Everything is pretty close.
For all those people who don't get away fromthe Strip in Vegas...you are missing out.  We stayed here for two nights in the Rush Tower suite for less than $200.  We had a king sized bed, two flatscreen TVs, a view of the pool, a couch, a coupon book...(which we never used but it did have some great deals in it) The room was modern and everyone who worked at the hotel was helpful and attentive to our needs.  Plus, we won money at the casino!  We basically won enough to cover our expenses for the two nights plus a little more.  The pool has been redone and houses a tropical fish and shark tank, and it has a water slide.  A GREAT place to stay and I will be back.
If i have my way I'm never going to stay on the strip again.. . We got a suite in rush tower. The room was beautiful and the price was so reasonable. The bed was amazingly comfortable too. It took me a minute to find the blowdryer so i was panicking thinking about walking around with wet hair but i found it in the closet, so my only tip would be to make it easier to find. ;) The pool was fantastic, the shark tank is amazing and the water slide is so fun. We didn't eat at any of the restaurants but we got dessert from the chocolate box and the cupcakes were really good. All the staff we met were really nice and we didn't lose in the casino! . . I'll be back!
beautiful pool ,amazing sensational look!!!great place to be!!
Maybe it's my "Old Soul ways"  or the fact that when I am in Vegas I just long to get back to the days when Frank, Dino, Sammy and Joey were performing in the Copa Room. But I have to say, I love me some Golden Nugget.. . Don't get me wrong, I am a part-time Diva I enjoy shopping and I spend the day where all the Glam and ostentatious buildings are settled.  But when the Sun sets in Vegas you can always find me where a favorite haunt of the Frank Sinatra was "The Nostalgic Freemont",  and you can really experience it at  the Golden Nugget.  . . The "Shark Tank" is F$%&ing Fantastic.  an enclosed three-story water slide allows you to practically swim with the sharks.  . . You have the option to rent a cabana or just plant yourself on a cozy bed or sofa poolside and a gorgeous cocktail waitress will be at your call.  . Gambling is available outside as well!. . . I have always been lucky both in the Casino and Hotel Room Wink, Wink,. The Golden Nugget conveniently has the best Restaurant Vic and Anthony's Steakhouse.  . .  Thank you Tilman J. Fertitta and I must add per my yelp review.  Please bring Vic and Anthony's to Galleria Dallas like you originally planned.
Best place to stay downtown! It has easy access to the Fremont Street Experience and an AWESOME shark tank pool. We paid extra to get into the pool upstairs for adults which was a great place to chill. Our room was tidy as usual and the staff was courteous.
Room: nice and clean. . Pool: Suppose to be the World's greatest pools.. I agree.. it is LOL It has a large slide that goes through a shark tank. Very nicely done. I went down it twice :). . I wish there was a tram or shuttle that would take to the strip and back.. . otherwise this is the greatest hotel in downtown!
I've stayed in many places in Vegas.  The Golden Nugget had as nice a room as I've stayed in town.  It was clean and comfortable.  The pool area was fun and inviting.  I will be back.
This is my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas. It has an amazing positive energy, and a perfect location on Fremont Street. The $30m pool is by itself a reason to visit Vegas. My only complaint? $15 wifi.
Ok, so it is hard for me to give five stars, but the Golden Nugget got them!  Went the other day.  I haven't played craps at a casino before, so the 10 am teaching table with a $5 minimum was right up my alley!  We got $200 in chips and walked out an hour and a half later with about $500.  It was great!  The dealers were awesome and did a really good job explaining how the betting was done.  I had a great time!
Best spot downtown other than the Fremont, the pool area is nice, the restaurant and bars are good and the overall feel of the place makes your forget you're downtown...until you walk outside and see the homeless vagrants wandering around. Rooms are clean, the toilets are pretty extreme when they flush, beds are comfortable and if you're hungover there's plenty of tv channels to surf through.
Golden Nugget exceeded our expectations.  We got a really great price for our room and guest services was really helpful and polite.  It isn't on the strip, it's downtown but has lots to offer and has a lot of entertainment.  There is zip lining right outside the hotel along with many food places, shops and entertainers.  The restaurants and bars are really great!  The Chart House has amazing fresh fish and a really cool aquarium inside; they also have really tasty signature drinks.  We also ate at the Red Sushi Bar.. yummy;)  They also have a really cool pool area with a slide that goes through an aquarium that's filled with fish and sharks.  The pool closes at 5pm but the hot tub and the heated upstairs pool stays open until 2am.  I think this is a great hotel for adults and children, especially if you're looking for something more casual but still Vegas fun.
This review is for the casino only.. . . I husband won 5 grand on our wedding day on penny progressive slots.. . . Thanks for the wedding present!!
We had a great time at the craps table here. The dealers were all awesome, especially James from Jersey City, NJ. The table was a $10 minimum and since business was slow, the pit boss agreed to bump that down to $5 for our group. It was a good atmosphere and a nice staff working the floor. I'll definitely be headed back to Fremont for some gambling soon!
I had a Penthouse Presidential Suite! I will never forget this trip. It was THE best stay i have ever had with luxurious accomadations. Thank you Golden Nugget, i will be back!
Great hotel! We re Rush Tower loyal every trip to Vegas. Great location. Close to everything!  Much better than the strip!!  We didn't get any of the rude service from the staff that everyone talks about.......just a great stay!,,
For downtown this was a great experience.  Free parking, nice friendly staff were everywhere for whatever question you had.   NIce pool and water slide too.
Our family loved the pool and the slide with the sharks.  The room was nice and comfortable.  The staff was helpful and we had a relaxing time lounging around the pool.  . . We loved having the Starbucks close to us and we enjoyed the Freemont show.  . . A must for families with kids.
Tired of schlepping the strip and paying (praying) to the the dual gods of mgm and harrahs?  Tired of getting ripped off for "resort fees" and $8 beers?  Tired of seeing the same old prepackaged stuff the strip has?  There is a solution.  The Golden Nugget has every amenity offered on the strip without the pretense.  If you want the best, book the Rush Tower.  These rooms rival anything on the strip for a much lower price.  The Gold tower and Carson tower are a nice price break while still providing exceptional lodging.  Add in one of the best pools in all of Las Vegas for the sun seekers.
Im sorry, but to all of you who say its TOO SMOKEY. get the F out of Vegas people, you are in a casino, and people do SMOKE!!!!!!. . . moving on.... . I love the Golden Nugget. Since growing up I have been to Vegas many many times with my parents, usually always staying on the strip. Once I turned 21 and was able to go myself, I decided to visit the Golden Nugget. I've been here about 3 times now & I really do love it. I love their pool, their rooms are very nice!! Clean, updated, flat screens, comfortable beds. etc. Their black jack tables also starts at 5 $ minimum, which is better then 20$ minimum like other hotels on the strip. Its about a 10 - 15 min drive from the strip which is not far at all. Plus you have your own little downtown strip, which yes ITS OLD, but its cool, you dont have to walk 3 miles to get to the next hotel, people are dressed up, cheap food etc.. . If you hate paying the resort fees, would like a clean nice updated room, a cute hotel. Nice Shark tank swimming pool, 5 $ tables.. etc. etc. Stay here! Then go to the strip at night.. . Have fun in Vegas people!
Stayed in the Rush Tower, which has been remodeled, and is non smoking!!. . Super clean and quiet.  Bathroom is super nice, and bed uber comfortable.. . Checking in and out was a breeze.. . Parking is very close.. . Our room was so much nicer than our fancy suite (another night) on the strip.. . Definitely would come here again!!
OMG, it was the best Hotel experience that I have had in Vegas in a very long time.  The room was fantastic.  We stayed in the Carson Tower and some of my friends were in the Rush Tower.  Our room was a lot less expensive than the Rush.  The phrase, "you get what you pay for" doesn't really count here.  Our room in the Carson tower was beautiful.  Beds were good, the bathroom had great water pressure in the shower, and the hotel is AMAZINGLY Clean.  . The Hideout Pool is the place to be when you don't have children. Here's a warning that we didn't know about, you have to pre-reserve lounge chairs on the 2nd and 3 deck.  Lounge chair is $20 per day on the weekends. We met a bunch of really interesting adults up there.  The drinks are pretty well priced.  Bucket of beer (5 count) is $20.  . Went down the water slide a few times.  It was ok, but you don't get to see the sharks in the tank, as you slide through way to fast, but it was still fun.  . I travel to Vegas alot, and now that I have stayed down on Fremont St, I will never stay down on the strip and I am a picky Travel Agent .....
I love the energy of Fremont street, and the Nugget is the best resort and is in the middle of the action. My preferred Hotel in Vegas
The Golden Nugget is the place to stay downtown!. It's been my main stay for the past 20+ years.. Lots of new and exciting things always going on.. Great pool, employees, atmosphere and lots of action.. They have a variety of food and rooms.. You can have a cheap stay or an expensive stay.. But remember, You get what you pay for!. After staying here a few times, you start to learn the tips & tricks to all the different offerings the GN has.. One of the best steaks you can get is at Vic & Anthony's.. Be sure to make reservations in advance.. Everyone here is outstanding.. Our favorite waiters are Hector on the weekdays & Anthony on the weekends.. Remember, you get what you pay for.. The price is always worth the mouthwatering cravings I get just thinking of the filet.. Keep up the great job GN!!!!!
I really enjoyed the Nugget!. . My stay started out good, and went well the whole time.. . Check-in was a breeze in the Rush tower except for walking in and not being able to find the front desk. I asked where it was and the security pointed straight ahead. It was right in front of me. I just didnt notice because there was nobody at all in line!. The check in clerk was really nice and put us in a room away from Fremont because it can get loud in the rooms facing that direction. We got our keys and headed up to our room which was very convenient to the casino floor.. . The room was very nice. Classy dark color scheme in the bathrooms, a nice L-shaped leather couch and a really comfy bed. It was spacious and VERY clean. Not hotel room-wiped down but still skeezy feeling clean. Clean. The tv worked great and had about 20 HD channels. There was 4 cups of Keurig coffee and a machine. The cups are $10 for four. That is less than you will pay in the casino folks..... . We had a nice view looking out towards the strip, even the windows were clean. We also got to see a guy get searched by the police in front of the bus station which was good for a laugh.. . The casino itself is great with all kinds of new slots, cheap minimums on table games (or at least on roulette since thats what I play). There are some fancier bars and restaurants and also some cheaper stuff. . . I had a fantastic drink at the Ice Bar. The bartender there really takes pride in his job. I had something with vodka and jalapenos. He mixed it up, tasted it by taking a little out with a straw and threw it away!!!! I guess it didnt meet his strict standards. He immediately mixed another and tasted it again. He pronounced that one fit to drink and handed it to me. It was really awesome. Had a nice jalapeno burn but not overpowering. I actually felt it was worth the $12.. . They also give you a coupon book upon check in and it has lots of great deals, make sure to use it. Even free drinks in some places! . . All in all an excellent stay and I'll definitely be back. Thanks for a great time GN!
The Golden Nugget hotel was a lot of fun. The Charter House restaurant had great food. The pool was great because you can view the fish and sharks in the tank while you swim.  We had a good time.
I thought the pool was great. Shark tank was entertaining to watch and there are convenient tanning chairs on the water. My friend thought the pool smelled absolutely horrid but I really didn't think it was that bad (possibly because I was too intoxicated from the bar to care). Jacuzzi is open late.. . We ate at the charthouse right behind the check-in desk and it was a great experience!!! Everything was delicious. I ordered the 12 ounce prime rib, baked potato, and fried macaroni and cheese which came out to be around 45 dollars. Fair price it was really good!!. . Room service was disappointing and overpriced for what we got but that's probably the norm with every hotel.. . It was $89.27 for a one night stay in a rush tower which was really really nice in my opinion especially the bathroom [huge thing for me]. The only meh thing in my opinion was waiting for the elevators up to the parking structure around check-in/check-out time since it gets very crowded with only 2 elevators available. Downside was that it wasn't on the strip... but it was super convenient that it was located right next to a shopping/live entertainment area that was only a few steps away from the casino. I'd still stay at the Golden Nugget again though. I thought it was a great hotel!
This is one of the nicer properties on Freemont Street. The coffee shop is one of the downtown power lunch places in Las Vegas (My review coming shortly). The pool is very cool, only in Las Vegas will you find a shark tank next to tourists getting tan in the glorious Las Vegas sun. Stop by and check it out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
I spend 3 nights in the upgraded "Rush Tower" of the Golden Nugget and it was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on.  The room was also very modernized and gorgeous.  Definitely the best place to stay in Old Vegas.  The pool called "The Tank" was amazing.
Newfound place to go!! Cheap drinks good atmosphere. If you gamble too it's not gonna cost you a fortune for one bet. The cafe nachos are horrible though.
The nugget is probably the nicest hotel on Freemont Street. It's definitely not as "sticky" as some the others (i.e.; The Golden Gate, 4 Queens, etc). I recommend the Rush Tower. It's newer, super clean,. Trying to be stylish... the rooms are all decorated in shades of brown (we called it Burt Reynolds Chic). The bed was super comfy and the staff was really nice. . . Now I love Downtown Vegas over the Strip. I am not a millionaire, a Kardashian, an Orange County Housewife, or any other kind of B celebrity, nor am I delusional to think that if I hang out at the Cosmo I might become one of those. Plus it smells like Drakar in there, which makes me what to punch people in the face.. . I like the idea of old school Vegas...Down town...kind of seedy, free drinks, $5 crap tables.... People with missing digits, missing limbs, really bad outfits, 80's hair and eye patches..... It's AMAZING... . . Freemont Street is so wrong it's right!. It's as if Disneyland and San Francisco's Tenderloin had a baby.... It's dingy, sparkly, fascinating and horrifying all at the same time.. The Bon Jovi light show can only be toped by the Queen light show.. And if you are lucky, you can ZIP LINE the length of . Freemont St., during it!  WHAT??!!. . Definitely pay the extra $ for the ADULT only pool. . Don't eat at the barffet / buffet ( I saw a bug). Do have cocktails snacks in the Chart House and definitely stay in the Rush Towers. It's worth saving the money on a room on the strip, so you can have more drinks, more food, and more gambling everywhere else.
This has got to be my favorite hotel in downtown. This recent trip was my second time staying at this hotel. I've only stayed in the Carson tower, so not too sure how the Rush tower looks, but I'm sure it is way better since it's new. Maybe I'll stay there on my next Vegas trip.. . The Golden Nugget is in the middle of Fremont and it is also the nicest looking hotel in downtown. The pool is also gorgeous, although I didn't get to go to the pool until the last day of my vacation in 105 degree weather. What's better than hanging out in the pool with a couple beers in the sun?? Not to mention, the weather makes you drunk much faster. . . If you're staying in downtown Vegas, I'd suggest you stay at the Golden Nugget. It may not be as cheap as the California or the other Boyd hotels, but it's much nicer and you get your best bang for the buck!
The new rush tower rooms are so nice!!!!!
THIS IS MY SECOND HOME!!!!!!!!. . We come to vegas once a month, sometimes more, and this is the ONLY place we stay, unless we get an offer to stay at one of the MGM properties for free. . . The newest tower they have, the RUSH Tower, is SOOOOOO NICE! FIVE STAR HOTEL QUALITY FOR SURE!. . We have stayed in there other rooms and not been nearly as happy so we try very hard to avoid the other towers. This hotel is old so its understandable that their older towers have older rooms with outdated decor but because we were lucky enough to discover the Rush Tower we will keep coming bak again and again!!!. . The pool is the best in downtown! They have a water slide that goes through their shark tank!!! The only downfall....there are A LOT of kids!. . Bottom line, overall I love this place! I can't wait to go back!
The thing about this hotel is that you get what you pay for. I have stayed in all 3 towers. My stay at the Carson Street tower was made memorable by the loooooong walk to the room. Get out of the elevator, long walk to the end of the hall, turn left, another long walk down the hall to my room. Whew. The room was OK but dated.. . I stayed in the Gold Tower "Gold Club Room" and thoroughly enjoyed it. My most recent stay was in the new Rush Tower and loved it. They had their own check in desk with an amazing aquarium behind it,. The room was great. I'll only stay in the Rush Tower from now on.. . We tend to have breakfast in the cafe downstairs and have always had a good experience there, although there is usually a wait to get in. The servers were always pleasant and best of all, the food is good.. . Above the check in desk at the Rush Tower is the Chart House bar, (right below the aquarium). I had the calamari appetizer with drinks. Excellent calamari and I can only hope that Maggie the bartender is there again when I return. Perfect bartender.. . Oh yeah... The pool. Amazing..... . My recommendations;. 1) The Pool. 2) Stay in the Rush Tower. 3) The Pool. 3) See Maggie at the bar in the Chart House. 3) The Pool. 4) Try not to stay in the Carson Tower if possible
Best Hotel in Vegas! and only place to stay downtown.  While the strip has more sights to see the Golden Nugget is the place to stay and gamble.  slots are looser, staff is  friendly and rates are fantastic.  Poker room is smaller but just the right size for my hubby.  Claudes Bar is in the center of the action and has the best bartenders in town.  the Rush Lounge has live music almost every night and there is no cover... YES live free music...cant get that on the strip.  Whenever we go to Vegas we visit the strip and stay at the Nugget.
Third time we've stayed here and I do believe it has improved each time we stayed.  The people that staff the hotel and the Carson Street Cafe are very nice and while friendly, they are still very efficient.. . Get a rental, stay downtown and visit the strip at your leisure, using the Valet service to save yourself from from all the walking.  Be sure to tip the Valets and any other Service personnel.  They exist  to make your visit more fun.
Stayed in the new Rush Tower.  While double the price of their other rooms its still an amazing value especially during a sale.  The room is beautiful with comfortable beds and a newer design.  . . Possible extras where 12.00 for wifi for one device,  Figi water 7.00  had basic cable so charged for movies.  No refrigerator but Ice bucket.  . . I could subtract for the few negatives above but value wise these are extras that I can give up for the better prices they offer while an old dingy room/hotel is unforgivable.. . Bath had robes and nice lotions.  Flat screen tv with nice built in and dvd player. Sofa by window offered view of fremont street.    Parking is free for guests and there where no suprises on the bill.. . The pool and casino are new looking even the parking structure has a glass elevator.  I preferred the walking distance buffet at Main Street Station or the paradise buffet at the Fremont Hotel but that's what so great about the Golden Nugget its a fun walk down Fremont street to all kinds of places.  . .  Go to the shows on the strip but stay and play on Fremont street and the Golden Nugget is the best Fremont street hotel and best value.
This is the best hotel in Downtown for sure. It's very luxurious and has a great layout.  With being on the center of Freemont Street and tons of bars and dining options, this is the place to be at when Downtown.
one of the best casino in las vegas!
Have visited on many occasions and the experience is always top shelf , great restaurants thruout the property, personal fav of mine can be found at Vic and Anthony's , the world famous Colorado lamb chops
What can I say, I am in love with the Golden Nugget.  I have stayed there roughly six or seven times I think, and every single stay has been wonderful.  I've stayed in all the towers, had smoking and non-smoking rooms, smaller rooms and suites.  Here is a bit of a breakdown:. . Carson Tower Rooms:  Very basic.  About on par with, say, a Holiday Inn, which isn't bad.  Older rooms smell very smoky if you go with the smoking option.  These rooms are farthest away from the casino and closest to the Carson St. Cafe.  The casino isn't a long walk at all, though, unless you are very drunk.. . Gold Tower Rooms:  Surprisingly nice for the cost.  Nicer decor than Carson rooms.  Nice views available, comfy beds, not as smoky smelling.  Right off the casino floor, very convenient.  . . Rush Tower:  Rooms are very nice, suites are way nicer.  The Junior Suite, which I stayed in most recently, has a leather sofa, two flat-screen HDTVs, a soaking tub & rainforest shower combo, super comfy bed, good view, etc.  And SOOO reasonably priced compared to the strip.  Really, a fabulous deal.  Oh, and Rush Tower has its own valet and check-in.  All non-smoking rooms.  As a smoker I can deal with that, since you can elevator it down to the lobby, and go 30 feet to the nearest slot machine to smoke.. . Service: Amazing.  I have never had a bad service experience staying here, ever.  Well, maybe one little thing, the valet was rude to me once.  But you can't have it all!  Most everyone is so friendly and awesome.  They will always give you the highest-up room possible if you ask for it.  On my most recent trip, I was stuck in a tiny stinky dungeon-esque room at the Golden Gate, ended up calling the Nugget at 11PM to request a suite with a soakingtub (I was desperate for some comfort at that point), and they hooked me up immediately at a great rate.  . . Food:  I have only eaten at Carson St. Cafe, despite the many times I have stayed here.  I'm usually too busy gambling to enjoy a long meal.  But the cafe has pretty darn good food for a little hotel cafe, I must say.  Tasty breakfasts.  Room service food is good too, menu is a bit limited though.  Room service is very prompt and super duper friendly.. . Casino:  Great, although not my favorite Fremont St. casino.  I am a stickler for super-fun high-tech slot machines with sweet bonus games, and they don't have a lot of those here (excepting the new Michael Jackson slots, which are pretty sweet).. . Bars: Great service, pricey cocktails.  I especially enjoy the Bar 46, which has a little outdoor seating area with fireplace, where you can sit and people-watch right on Fremont.. . Pool:  So super nice.  I've never been to the second adults-only pool though.  The pool bar is nice late at night.  . . All in all, if you are staying on Fremont (and I recommend that you do), the Nugget is really the only way to go.
This is what I can tell you about our stay at the Golden Nugget last May. We loved it! Our room was amazing and ended up being what I would except from a Vegas Casino. The shark pool was awesome and very one of a kind we ate at one of their onsite restaurants for breakfast 3 times and the service and food were really good. The valet parking was top notch because the Valet remembered my full name each and every time. "It was my tipping"! lol Anyway I had 0 complaints about this place and would def stay again.
Stayed here this past summer and my fiance and I loved it so much!  We stayed in the Carson Tower and it was dirt cheap, less than $50 a night and the room was fantastic so I can only imagine how nice the more expensive ones are.  The pool was the selling point of the hotel for us, it has a water slide that goes through a shark tank!  We had breakfast at their breakfast buffet and it was plentiful and delicious, they had anything and everything you could ever want . After we checked out we were allowed to check our bags behind the counter and still use the pool. Inside the pool area there are lockers  for you valuables which was nice.  I have been to Vegas a few times and even though I am unsure if I will ever go back, if I did I would certainly stay here again.
I LOVE THE GOLDEN NUGGET. Located in downtown Fremont St. this place is where you want to stay!! We have been here twice and both times I was very impressed with the quality of service from the staff and the amenities of the hotel and casino. . . We arrived about 7 hours too early (can you say excited much!). But we went up to the desk and asked if we could do an early check in. Not only was there no fee to check in early but they upgraded our room for free too because the room we were supposed to have wasn't ready yet!!! WOOT WOOT! . . The first thing we did was order room service breakfast. Hey at 8am in Vegas you know you want some food in ya before you start all that drinking! The Eggs Benedict was AMAZING!!!! . . While we didn't swim because it was too cold when we went on our trip, we did walk around and look at the super cool shark tank and awesome lounge areas. Going to be giving that a try next time we go. . . Neither one of us play on the card tables so I can't really say anything to that. But the staff at the bars with the video pokers are neat and the machines pay out pretty well. . . We overslept on our second morning there so we missed the maids when they came around. But the second my boyfriend called the front desk to tell them we were on our way out and asked them to come clean. They came right up! . . Extremely impressed by their prices and guest services. You have to stay here!
What happens when you get lousy accommodations at the Fremont Hotel? Well, you leave the room empty, & move into the GoldenNugget of course! :). . Lucky for us, we had three complimentary nights at the Rush Towers.........for a downtown hotel, I must say it's quite grand! Kinda reminds me of other hotels I stay at on the strip!. . Very spacious & clean rooms! Great restaurants, bar, & buffet. There is also a very cool looking pool which has a shark tank/aquarium in the middle of the pool (must see)!  . . Free parking if you're a guest at the hotel..........just show your hotel card, & you can go in/out of the parking structure.
I found out about the pool at the Golden Nugget while surfing through travel websites. The Golden Nugget's swimming pool was listed in the top 10 list of the world's greatest swimming pools. The center of the pool featured an enormous aquarium that housed sharks! As if that was not enough, people can slide through the shark tank in a water slide. I knew that if I ever visit Vegas, I had to stay at the Golden Nugget simply for the pool.. . The pool was definitely fun. I easily spent over 4 hours there swimming, playing on the slide and people watching. You can't exactly swim because the pool is completely infested with children. Some of the sandbar sharks have injuries to their noses from bumping into the sides of their tank.  Poor guys. The shark tank looked spectacular but it is overstocked. . . We stayed in one of the penthouse apartments on the 18th floor. Internet access costs and additional $12.99. Despite the enormous space, there was no kitchen, no microwave, and no sofa bed.  My buddy and I had to share the same bed. Lame....
We stayed in the Rush Tower, Jr. Corner Suite, this past weekend for our anniversary. This is the 2nd time we stayed in one of these suites. The room itself is very comfortable, large, well appointed, and quiet. . . I cannot express how much of a surprise this was the first time we stayed there and we are definitely sold. . . Check in was a snap, Saturday at 12pm we walked in and there was one person being helped at the desk. Another employee came out from a VIP desk and ushered us in and checked us in within 2 minutes. We were given VIP line passes to venues on the property and we were in our room within 5 minutes. . . The location is convenient to the Fremont Stree Experience and adjacent casinos. The food in the Grotto and Vic & Anthony's Steakhouse is excellent.. . Have fun.
Dad, Brother and I Annual Vegas Trip - 12-15 May 2013 - People of the world "LISTEN" there isn't too many places left on earth like this anymore...where else can you carry open containers of beer or get tasty frozen drinks in souvenir cups while walking from one casino to another, while listening to fantastic "cover bands" and getting your picture taken with celebrity impersonators?  Where else can you play $5 Blackjack or $5 Craps? Where else can you get a ice cold beer and a juicy burger for $5?  I said all of this and I haven't even mentioned one of the best casino's in Nevada...the gem of Freemont St "The Nug".  If you also want to sleep where the real action is then spend a few nights here, you won't regret it and your wallet will thank you as well.  If you want to continue paying $300 a night on "The Strip" go right ahead, but for 1/5 of that price you can get a clean room, comfortable bed, great pool, great table games, and one of the most comfortable Sports Books in town, in other words save that extra money your blowing on a bed you barely sleep in and use that hard earned money toward more gambling, food, and entertainment...come to The Nug and while you're at it enjoy Freemont St...if you don't I will.  Enjoy!  . . PS this place isn't for kids...this is Adult World...I witnessed far to many parents pushing around babies and walking with little kids at 2am...please leave the kids with Grandma or save your money for Disney...your time for Vegas will come soon enough...2 cents.
This was my second trip to Vegas and it was for Punk Rock Bowling. I'd say that skews the experience somewhat, but I get the impression that a bunch of punk rockers with awesome hair and tattoos sitting by poolside isn't *too* unusual for a place like this. . . One thing about punk rockers however, they're notorious for being exactly what they are. You'd think this would give the staff headaches. If it did, they didn't show it.. . I stayed in the Rush Tower, which was nice enough. Nothing extravagant, and nothing unbelievable. But a nice touch-you can walk in and out of the building, go to the in-casino starbucks, diner, guest services and the pool without having to pass through the casino. That's a big plus to me. . . And the pool-let's talk about that. Like most hotel pools, it's not very deep, but what it lacks in depth it makes up for in a giant shark filled aquarium...WITH A WATER SLIDE. And not just a water slide, but a transparent water slide that passes through said aquarium. It sounds better than it is since you don't have time to even notice the aquarium you're passing through, but still...it's an awesome touch.
I stayed here 2 years ago for Punk Rock Bowling. What an awesome place!. . I swear for a moment you actually forget you're on Fremont because it looks too nice! . . Rooms are spacious and beds are comfortable. Starbucks inside and a small store you can buy cigarettes/beer/medicine etc. The pool is my favorite, and for sure a must. . . The staff was helpful and friendly. This is my number once choice each year for PRB.
I went to Las Vegas last August for my 21st birthday and we stayed at the GN. . . We arrived by the bus from the airport which costs $15 ($7.50 from the airport and $7.50 to the airport when we left, great deal). When we got there we were roaming around the Starbucks area like idiots trying to find the check in desk. It turns out we came in a side entrance and had we come in the right way it would have been right as you walk in. There was a short line ( less than 5 min. wait). . . We checked in and we mentioned that it was my 21st b-day. He said that he could upgrade us to the Parlor Suite for only $20 per night more + a free rollaway bed (usually $20 per night). . . We didn't know what to expect as far as what the room would look like. We headed up to the room and we open the door. THE ROOM WAS HUGE! On the left side is a king size and a bathroom with a bathtub and on the right is a living room, wet bar, and another bathroom with a shower. . . (There is a charge for coffee, wifi, etc. But the hotel does that to keep their rates low, thus making it cheaper if you don't want wifi, coffee and a little more expensive if you do. SMART! Charge the people that use it and don't pass the cost onto everyone. If you want some coffee bring some of the Keurig coffee things and you can use them). . The only problem with the room was the AC wasn't working. We called the front desk and they told us they would send someone up. In no time we had our new AC unit functioning properly. We ate at the Grille, which heightened my excitement because it's inside the casino. (The Grille: Good food, but kind of pricey). . We then walked out onto Fremont street and checked out the casinos around us: Binion's, Fremont, Four Queens, etc. All are very close.  It was after this walking around that my mom and I decided to get our player's cards. We signed up and received $5 in free slot play apiece (You could win up to $1000, if you win on their promo slot machine at the players club desk). . We played on some penny machines to make our money last, but we ran out of that $5 pretty fast. Afterwards we when back upstairs to our room where my dad and sister were watching the olympics on TV (the big flat screen TV, pretty nice). . The one thing about downtown is you can get really good food deals if you look. The downside to the GN is they really don't have overly cheap food (good but not cheap). That being said we ate out at Tony Romas that night between 9-11pm in the Fremont. This is because they have steak and lobster for $11.99, a must in Vegas.. . After that we went back to the GN and started our gambling for real. We played on the Blazing 7's slot machines. We didn't win much but the old ladies on our far left hit the jackpot 3 times within 20 minutes.. . The next day we decided to check out the free craps lesson. This was very informative and it helped us understand the game, plus the craps dealers were very nice and funny. They opened up the table to play and unfortunately I left my cash upstairs, but watched the game for a while. My dad was up ~$100 in 30 minutes or so with only $5 pass bet w/ odds. . . Later that day I decided to try blackjack. This was towards the evening and when I sat down it was a $5 game, but they changed it to $10. I only started with $100 and lost almost all of it within 10 minutes, not cool.Around 11pm my dad and I played craps and 4 hours later he was up $200 and I was up a whopping $6. . . Fast forward 2 more days and it is time to check out (11am). I had been playing craps was was up to $176. Sadly I had to cash out because we had to talk to a slot host about comps. To add to that my mom and sister were waiting for our bus. The slot host was slow and we never got our comps, but made it to the bus in time. (LESSON LEARNED: talk to the slot host the night before you leave.). . Okay, this review is too dang long. So in summary:. . Customer Service: 7/10. Food: 7/10 (rating would be higher if it was cheaper). Room: 10/10. Casino: 9/10. Pool 8/10. Value: 10/10. . *DISCLAIMER: I have read some really bad reviews about the rooms for the GN. If you stay in the cheapest rooms, expect this. BUT book in the Rush Tower and I guarantee you will be 100 times happier.
Stay off the strip and stay here!  Unlike the strip, you'll never have to get in your car or take a taxi.  With Fremont Street at the corner, an interesting evening is only a few steps away.
I enjoyed my stay here more than the other hotels down LV way.  I loved the shark tank and watching the scuba divers clean the coral at the CH bar at the west lobby area!!  the pool was just right and the slide going through the tank was awsome!!  we upgraded to the Rush Towers and the room was very comfy, the only thing I wouldnt do is drink the water or use their coffee provided in the room.. its costly... . Freemont is just outside of entrances to GN and enjoyed many of the talents provided. like other events that have large crowds of people be careful and dont look up that much during the light show... . good rates, do recommend a stay here!!
I had my doubts about the Golden Nugget (GN) particularly after some of their cafes were caught with bug infestations. However, Yelpers steered me toward making reservations for GN's new Gold Rush rooms and I was not at all disappointed! . . From the moment we stepped foot onto the 24th floor (using keycards only given to those staying in Gold Rush rooms), I felt at home. In the elevator foyer, there are snacks waiting for you -- peanut m&ms, nuts, raisins, apples, and bottled water, a luxury in the desert. In the AM, there are fruit, nuts and plenty of bottled water. . . The rooms were simply put, amazing. You could tell that a lot of thought went into the design. The bathrooms featured double sinks, a shower with a double shower head and partially opened designed, separate toilet room, and gorgeous sliding doors. There were complimentary robes in the closet as well as the standard complimentary items -- iron, board, toiletries (found in the bathroom). Also, complimentary wi-fi that worked well. . . Our room featured a king size bed that was a dream to sleep on. The sheets were crisp and white and nicely tucked. The room came with a view of the strip that was stunning at night -- it really felt like we were on top of the Vegas world!. . Spa access is included with the Gold Rush rooms. The spa area is older but clean for the most part and attended by courteous staff. . . Didn't get to gamble but did try a couple of the restaurants. Highly recommend getting lunch (it's cheaper!) at Chart House, which features a larger than life fish tank. If you're lucky, you'll get to see the divers cleaning out the tank. . . The buffet is a MUST. Go for breakast, brunch, lunch, dinner whatever. An absolute steal for the delicious food they serve. . . All in all, I felt at home here and consider it the absolute best place to stay for the price in Vegas.
I had a really great time here last week. We all came down from Vancouver for my buddy's bachelor party, and when we got to the hotel, they told us they had over-booked and we didn't have our rooms (which we had booked way in advance). They tried to offer us two other rooms, each with a single king-sized bed, but we're 7 guys and that wasn't going to work. So instead, they gave us a free upgrade to the penthouse suite!. . It was like having our own luxury apartment in downtown Las Vegas. The suite had two bedrooms, two living rooms, and 6 bathrooms. It was like being a celebrity for a weekend.. . The casino itself is great, very professional, but plenty of low-stakes tables and games for beginners. I don't really gamble, but there was a lot to see and do anyway. Also, if you are gambling, they bring you free drinks, so when I did try my luck at the tables, I tried to time it so that I would get a new drink for every $5 that I lost (this worked out pretty well).. . The pool and the deck are pretty good, but be aware that there is no shade and it gets to about 100F by noon. Also, all of the deck chairs are taken or reserved by at least 10am so I'd advise getting there early. We ended up sitting in the VIP area (you need to spend at least $200 for the whole group, which actually wasn't that difficult), but even there, there isn't any shade. The shaded cabanas on the upper level start at $350 for the day (!).. . Anyways, great hotel and casino, great staff. Excellent Vegas experience. Golden Nugget is not on "the strip"... it's on Fremont Street, which is the old strip in the downtown area. We checked out the strip and frankly I liked Fremont much better - way less pretentious, slightly cheaper, much safer, and it has a covered dome over the street with a pretty crazy light show.
went for memorial weekend to attend Punk Rock Bowling concert!  such a good time.. hotel was filled with old school punks and everyone was on their best behavior! LOL!  Gold Tower room was awesome and fairly cheap being a big weekend!  BF won $650 on the Monster slots.  we won and lost at $5 Craps.  we also played a poker tourney last minute.  i thought buy ins were high being u only double money if u win top prize.. not worth it to me!  i went down the way and won $1200 on slots at The D !!!  took it back to the Golden Nugget and lost most of it. Their slots were tight i guess.  The hotel room was very clean.  one thing that bothered me was getting free drinks while gambling was a Pain. i spent probaboy $200 getting my own expensive cocktails at the many large bars.  even at video poker I was ignored! sat in Keno room for an hour and never saw a waitress!!  this was my first legit vacay to vegas. we are a budget couple and had a great time. we found restaurant deals and happy hour deals and stayed downtown the whole time for three days..  i came with $1100 cash and after three days.. food.. drinks.. fun.. i came home with $700.  total I won in slots at other hotels $1800.  sadly the nugget got all my winnings from those other hotels.. but like I said before the BF won on Monster slots at least.  i saw a few older people losing their life savings at roulette.. Sad really!  staff at nugget was friendly unless u r trying to get a drink.. we will come back again but mayne two nights is enough next time.. cause the third day was when i lost all my winnings!!  also stopped at Whiskey Petes on way back to Cali and the BF won $90 on tje OC Chopper slots.  oh and Alien Jerky worth the stop!! so many flavors!!!
Another great stay at the Nugget! Rush tower is still the way to go and the grad kids love the pool. We paid to reserve a cabana and look forward to that later today.. . Forget the strip.....Fremont is where the real old time Vegas action is!
For a relaxing, old school Vegas adventure, The Golden Nugget is the place to be.  This hotel has been renovated and is as good as any hotel on the strip (just smaller and less expensive).  All the staff were very helpful and friendly, had a room available for me at 9 a.m. when I arrived, I was expecting to have to check my luggage an check-in later.  The Grotto Italian Restaurant is fabulous.  Best amenity is the Shark Tank pool by far.  We rented a cabana for one of the days (Hideout Premium Cabana) and was the best experience.  Highly recommended!  It has it's own pool (16+ and older only), on the 3rd level near the slide entrance.  Just a few things to note:  The chilled towels and fresh fruit amenity are tiny (both can fit in the palm of your hand, seriously), but we received WONDERFUL service and had $75 food and drink credit.  If you get Melinda as your attendant, she is great and makes fabulous recommendations.. . Other things to note for the hotel in general: states they do not charge a resort fee, which they do not charge but there is a $5.00 daily downtown fee.  Still way cheaper than what they charge on the strip.  Take your own kcup coffees!  Every room has a single cup coffee maker BUT there is a $10 charge for the little 4pack kcups in the room.  ATM charges a service fee of $3.50 per transaction so be prepared.. . Overall, the Golden Nugget is HIGHLY recommended.
Very pleasantly impressed!!!!!!!!!!!! . . We arrived early, (2 family's and 2 rooms) bellman immediately checked our bags in and valet our cars. . . Check in line took about 15 minutes, our rooms weren't ready but the clerk said they'd call me on my cell when they were so we can pick up the keys, so we decided to hit the pool, but had to go ask for our bags to get our swimsuits and towels NO problem the guy took me back there, and I was able to grab what I needed in less than 5 minutes... about 30 min later one room is ready, so up we go, call for our bags and they were there in less then 10 minutes. Another 15 minutes later they call and say the other room is ready, I asked jokingly if they can bring the keys to me, and they said sure no problem?????????????. . The pool was pretty packed, but was amazingly entertaining for our kids, we didn't get any lounge chairs, but were offered a shaded section of couches if we spend a minimum of $200, well with 7 of us that were hungry and thirsty, it was no problem, and well worth every penny!!!! . . After a full day in the sun we went back to our rooms to get ready for a night full of entertainment of people watching on Fremont, and a great dinner at the Hash House a Go Go...once we got back to our rooms we slept like babies, on our amazing beds they were like sleeping on a bed of clouds....  (we stood in the Rush Tower). . We will definitely stay here at the Golden Nugget again!!!!  Next time it's going to be a Girls Only weekend!!!
First time staying here... I must say it was a pleasant experience.  I'm giving 5 star for great customer service -  after checking out I realized I had forgotten my ring and to my surprised, housekeeping had turned it in.  Any hotel with honest employees deserves 5 stars! Thank you golden nugget; we will definitely be back!
I love the Golden Nugget it's the comfort of downtown with the elegance  of the strip.We are always treated very well there.Went to the spa twice and was very pleased with the services I received there. And our favorite dealer in the casino is Bicky (she was very sweet)
Recently had a one night stay at the Golden Nugget. What a wonderful experience! Staff was welcoming and accommodating. The room they provided was spectacular. The bar area for the chart house had the most beautiful aquarium I've ever seen. The next time I'm in Vegas I'm definitely coming back. This is a place you have to see to believe. Oh, and the artwork with the blown glass displays everywhere throughout the main lobby: just something you must also see. just gorgeous
Great service, Great food, and the pool is so much fun!. . always have and will stay here
spent a night in the rush tower.  it was fabulous!  clean and everything seemed new.  . . our reservation had four adults and three children.  no problems with space.  my uncle decided to sleep on the floor with one of my cousins.  they weren't gonna sleep blanket-less!  my aunt called & the housekeeping department was quick to bring comforters/sheets as requested.  . . i appreciated the fact that ventilation was good & it wasn't smoky at all compared to staying elsewhere in downtown, like at the california hotel.  . . i love downtown!  we did the fremont experience for like the 100th time.  my other aunty feels lucky at california or mainstreet so we walked it over.  very close.  in the morning we went to mcdonalds at the D, las vegas club for bagel chips and the beef jerky store.. . this is a great place if you're looking to stay in downtown.  i'm not sure about the carson tower, but to be safe go for the rush tower.
Stayed here this weekend and have nothing but good things to say about the hotel! Lost power on Saturday (we understand things happen) and James at the front desk adjusted our room rate for the inconvenience. Thanks James! Beds were comfy, room was clean, and the pool/ water slide was a ton of fun,
I am going to let you in on a little secret:  You need not go to the strip to get the very most out of your Vegas vacation.  That is just a myth.  [Vegas vacations are too short to spend three hours of them walking up and down the strip and convincing yourself that that is entertainment.  Ugh!]. . Instead, what you need to do is to come over to the Golden Nugget on Fremont Street.  You'll be glad you did.  . . The pros:. . The pool ~ really liked it.  The Hideout ~ quit grumbling when the host tells you that there is a cost to this place.  It is worth it!  Very casual, exclusive, much quieter than the pool, with excellent poolside service.  Note to GN:  promote that cute and friendly waitress Cindy!  The slide ~ free, fast and fun.  The shark tank ~ very cool.  The loose slots ~ I had to do a few victory laps around them.  Note to GN casino manager:  Please never ever ever take away those older penny slot Progressive Blazing Sevens with the symbols that take over the machine if you get three or more with the max bet of $1.25  Those are my FAVORITE SLOTS.   Plus, the cocktail waitress came around with plenty of free drinks.  The spa ~ expensive, but let me tell you, Sally can do your hair in style! The hotel room was fine, clean and pretty much what we requested.  . . The cons:  The entrances aren't electric so you have to touch the germy door handle to enter.  I forgave them because, well, I mean, you know, I slowed down and made Ed open the door for me, plus I figured less rennovations = kinder slots.  And it did ~ woot!  There was no ramp to get into the lobby from the outside at our entrance.  This would make it difficult for somebody in a scooter or wheelchair.  Once in the lobby, there was a ramp into the hotel / casino area.  The carpet is very loud everywhere.  After a few hours, or shall I say a few too many from the aforementioned friendly cocktail servers, this pallet of never ending color can become problematic.   The spa ~ we thought Ed was going to get a female masseuse but they pulled the bait and switch on us, and he got a male masseur instead.  Ewwww.  . . I'm sure we'll stay at the strip again sometime, but if we do, I doubt that we'll have as much fun as we had this time staying at the Golden Nugget.  I can't wait to go back.  . . Just need to save a little bit more dinero ...
As it being our first time in Las Vegas, this was a nice hotel to stay at. It was bright and grand from the outside, and fancy on the inside as well. It was a very nice hotel. I, as a kid, was most excited about the pool. It was a good sized pool, with a huge shark tank (well, there was more than just sharks in the tank) right in the middle of the pool, so the pool area kind of looped around the tank. . . The pool had a water slide that went right through the tank and you could see the animals through the glass. It was an interesting thing to do, and it was fun. The pool itself was nice, but there was cigarettes in the water.. . The room was nice, my siblings and I shared a room, and there was a door leading to the adjoining room, where my parents stayed. The door between the rooms stayed open while we were out and about doing things. Housekeeping didn't stop by one day, leaving us without shampoo or conditioner. '. . The buffet was very good, for both breakfast and dinner. The food was good, and it was very clean. They have cold plates, for cold food items, and warm plates for warm food items. . . Overall, this hotel is very nice, and I would definitely recommend it to everyone planning a trip to the Las Vegas area.
I spent 3 days at this hotel recently.  The restaurants were very nice.  The valet was quick and easy to deal with.  The rooms were lovely.  I really enjoy being Downtown as there are many fun things to do in the area.
I read the other reviews about Golden Nugget after I had already paid for my rooms... I was pleasantly pleased to find everything just fine there... Rooms was large, clean & no problems... We had 3 rooms & only 1 had to ask to have it changed & that's because it was next to a noisy elevator ... Both check in & check out was very pleasant.. Had a great weekend. & will def go back..
Old hotel but a great hotel. I like going here in the winter because of the location, the pool is nice but a little compact feeling to me. The rooms are old school but up to date. We had a two story room that was very nice. This is an oldie but goodie.
My husband and I stayed at the rush tower suite and had a perfect time together. The bathroom was beautiful with a standing shower and huge tub. The beds were super comfy. The staff were very friendly and the casino was tons of fun. They also have a shark tank which was neat. Can't wait to plan my trip back.
