LOVE this place. One of my relatives works there, and she is just the sweetest! The deserts are always off the chain and the atmosphere is delightful. Even my little brothers
Buddha saw me do some questionable things. I'm not buddhist but I imagine that grinding on someone infront of a Buddha statue (they have a ton all around) is like grinding infront of Jesus on the crucifix. YEAH ummmm... hope he closed his eyes. lol. . . roomy club. i love all the levels. with how crowded the lines are outside i didn't anticipate so much room to lounge in. Always a plus. The atmosphere is great. They play a mix of hip hop and pop. You probably won't even be thinking about the music once you're F'd up. . . my friends and i had a lot of fun.. from what i remember anyway. . . again, watch out for Buddha because he's watching!
TAO has this high energy you can't deny! When the faux snow and confetti comes down, the party is just beginning. The place is huge and dancefloor is jammed packed. The VIP section gives you way more area to breathe and the service was so friendly and prompt, they were cleaning up the area constantly. . . There was also a staff woman that came up to us in the bathroom line and gave us comped drink tickets in exchange for our e-mail information. The tickets were good for well-drinks and Patron only (far stretch, but no complaints!)
Have to admit, I absolutely loved this place.  Took my 21 year old son and his girlfriend out for his dinner!!  Awesome!. . PROS:  Nice location, servers were spot on!  Very professional in a .                welcoming way.  Bus servers were spot on!  Waitress knew her.                menu!  Food was Asian fusion, and it ROCKED WITH FLAVOR!. CONS:   I can't be there everyday!!!
Seriously, if you're in Vegas, you have to come to this Tao. I have been to the won in New York and it does not even come close to being compared to this Tao. . . High ceilings, exotic decor, long halls and views are just the beginning. If you are in Vegas, do yourself a favor, especially being out of town...  come to Tao.
Hands down the best club in Vegas. Love the decor and the DJs have never disappointed, especially when it's Erik Morrillo!. . TAO Beach is also a must if you're a day tripper ;)
I love it!! both the restaurant & the club.... I love the vibe is dark, mysterious, and sexy.... . . I'm always in guest-list line or hotel guest line... hotel guest line are way faster... but both line after 12 AM they will charge you... (even for the ladies) but is still possible to get in for free (for the ladies) if you have those VIP passes (If you need a promoter feel free to email me, I'll give you my promoter's contact info) and they gave us a bracelet free drinks b4 11pm for the ladies hell yah!!. . I love about this club so much because there are different dance floors plays different types of music... the people who works there are very nice, we had a table, great VIP bottle service..the only thing i didn't like was walking up and down the stairs in my 6 inch heels... that was painful but Tao is super sweet they pass flip flop to the ladies after 1:30 AM ... so i had no problem walking, skipping, running, after the club LOL ...
Tao is hands-down one of my favorite places in Vegas! . . The decor: Cannot be beat! The entrance is lined with bathtubs filled with rose petals and floating candles. It's got an Asian-fusion vibe, and the decor inside the restaurant itself totally matches the theme. Very classy place, in my opinion. . . The drinks: Incredible. I asked the bartender to make me something good and he delivered! He made me a fruity concoction with a kick. The bar service was quick and super friendly! Definitely made me more inclined to leave a good tip. . . Overall, Tao is a fun time. I would definitely go back again and again!
I am a HUGE fan of both TAO Asian Bistro & Nightclub.  The restaurant is over-the-top delicious, they've got great desserts and a festive drink menu.  After dinner, you can choose to visit the TAO Lounge, head to TAO Nightclub or TAO Beach to catch some fresh air and escape the stuffiness of the club. . . The decor is Asian inspired and very cool, eclectic and classy.  The restaurant during dinner is not the best place if you're looking for privacy, a quiet atmosphere and private conversation because the music is pretty loud and there is so much going on. They do have private dining areas, but those are usually reserved for the VIPs/celebrities who are appearing at TAO Nightclub that evening or you can call ahead of time to inquire about this part of the restaurant.  On the plus side, after you've had dinner here, you can let your server know you want to get into the club and you'll be personally escorted to the entrance.. . Although people may complain that the club is "sooo 2007", one thing to remember is that clubs may come and go in Las Vegas, but TAO continues to be a force to be reckoned with when it comes to delivering top-notch celebrity driven events and world-reknowned DJs to its venue.   A few reviewers have mentioned that people have left TAO behind in favor of other nightclubs such as Marquee, but for those who don't know, Marquee is owned by the same team who owns TAO which just reaffirms the fact that TAO has paved the way for some of Vegas' hottest clubs today.
Awesome! Just what you'd expect from Vegas.  . . It was New Years weekend, our last saturday in Vegas. Honestly we went to Tao as a backup. We didn't go to The first club because part of our crew beat us there and left, stating it was bad. In the process we ran into a promoter that got us tickets that let 3 ladies in for free per ticket and one guy for $15, which is a steal when you are talking about vegas on New Years weekend.  The only hitch for the night was that we had a lot of guys in our crew and only two girls. The bounce for the line originally turned us down until we had more ladies.  But finding girls to go with us was simple, especially when you are offering them free entry.  In the line we noticed a lady behind us that looked well into her 80s but I guess, rather I hope she was there for the restaurant.  When we got to the entrance, The decor was amazing!  Asian style and themes, with bathtubs lining the entrance hallway.  The food also smelled amazing, although we werent there to eat. Bathrooms were clean and beautiful, even as a guy you appreciate these things sometimes.  We went to the 2nd floor and both rooms had great music. Good transitions from Hip Hop to Top 40 to a little electro.  I will say this: A lot of the mixes were recycled. I only know because I DJ myself and I have heard them before and have them, but who cares, their purpose is to pack the dancefloor and that's what they did.  The drinks were pretty good and at 2 for $12 the shots tasted great.  Guys will love the fact that they have Gogo dancers who lie posed on display on reclining couches....SEXY.  Anyways it isn't hard to find girls to dance with though it will get a bit packed.  We didn't have bottle service but those who did appeared to be getting the royal treatment, so that will be our next mission when coming to Tao.  We ended up having a lot of fun, it turned out to be our best night in Vegas and I definitely recommend that Tao is on your agenda for your visit to Vegas.
5 stars because when someone ordered this ridiculously large bottle of champagne at their table next to the dance floor, the DJ stopped the music, someone cut on half the lights, and the Star Wars theme started playing (seriously).. . Read the other reviews if you actually want to hear about the place. Star Wars theme is a default 5 stars from me.
Amazing food and great atmosphere! My husband and i ate here our last night in Vegas and it was well worth it! I got sushi which was amazing, and he got the filet, which we cooked ourselves with a hot stone filled with yummy broth! We also got the seared Kobe beef appetizer, glad we went out on a limb and tried it, LOVE IT!! we WILL be back!!
I know this venue is wayyyy too small but I think when they first built it, they had no idea it would reach this level of capacity. I mean literally you cannot reach the dancefloor, its impossible. Its so small.  Tao cant handle the ppl and now they are getting horrible reviews for it. Ppl still come here tho cuz this is where the crowd is at. Very mixed crowd, great service, free drinks for girls for an hour. Honestly there seem to be more girls then guys here, which of course pisses me off lol.  Come here and you will definitely hook up with somebody haha. If they open the beach during the warmer seasons, it wont be as packed on the main levels cuz ppl can go upstairs and chill. Dont pay cover, get on glist. I got kicked out once for being overly intoxicated but even so I always enjoy going to this club:) one more thing, tao pls upgrade! Its time to expand.
Besides getting hit on about 60 times, I loved it. the food was good, and the drinks were fantastic .. I don't really drink but I tried the Taotini I was amazed ... wow. . There aren't a lot of good looking people that come here but I saw a few. The staff is great. It was packed on a Sat night with the line wrapping around the staircase but I got in without waiting and got a table in about 5 minutes. Sweet !
Dam this place is off the hook. If you want to party in Vegas this is the place to be. Hell we partied with Jamie Fox, he is one crazy mofo. I had a blast at this club. Top notch club.
Very good ambiance and great food! If you like to have Asian food and a great place to dine out, this is the place to be.
Free drinks for girls from 10:30 - 11:30, need i say more?. . This place was lots of fun, from what i could remember considering i was drunk from all those free drinks.  . . As soon as you get there go straight to the bar and start ordering your free drinks.  Do not leave the bar as there's so many girls trying to get their drinks.  Once you get the first drink, drink that shit and get another because it takes a little while to get drinks since theirs so many people.  As soon as you've had about 10, go straight to the dance floor and go enjoy yourselves. . . I went here with a couple of friends, girls get in free guys pay $30.  The top floor to this place i believe is Tao Beach.  They play music and is more of a place to lounge.  The bottom floor has two different rooms to dance in.  When i was there they were playing really good music.  . . This place is definitely a place to check out, who doesn't enjoy free drinks? I know i do :)
Singular experience = terrible for a Yelp review, but here are my Steps to Tao Success.. . Step 0: Go to Vegas as a group of 6 hot 20something girls. Step 1: Find a promoter's email online and get added to the guest list. Step 2: Get gussied up and cab over to the Venetian. Step 3: As a group of 6 girls, get pulled out of the line and given wristbands (open bar til 11:30). Step 4: Have the Vegas gods smile on you as the promoter tells your group that they'll be giving you an empty bottle service table, until the paying customer shows up. Step 5: Be amazed that you are led to a special elevator to your table. Step 6: Acknowledge that the table is in a weird location, but jump up and down excitedly . Step 7: Grab some drinks from the bar, take them back to your TABLE, and dance the night away. . Someone who paid for the table eventually showed up (around 12:30am), but at that point the club was SO.CROWDED that it was time for us to move on.
TAO! a couple of my girlfriends planned a bachlorette party for our dear friend that is soon to be married! yay congrats! so we pitched in for a table and bottle service. well our server was awesome she never let us pour our own drinks i remember before i got tooo wasted, that one of my friends were leaning over trying to pour herself a drink and the server came running to catch the bottle before a drop got into the cup! tao has various rooms to roam around in and have a chance to dance literally in every room. tao beach was really breezy being outside and having the wind blowing was a nice cool down from dancing in all the other rooms. TAO IS DEFINITELY ONE OF MY FAVE CLUBS! huge dancing area, not too crowded, and awesome dj's/ music in all separate rooms! =)
Tao is my second favorite club in Vegas. . This place is always crowded. . Getting a Table & Bottle Service is the way to go. . VIP all the way. . I come here every single time I am in Vegas.
This is a review for the nightclub:. . Got in on the guestlist w/ wristbands for open bar --  very nice :).  The club is beautiful but unfortunately I did not get to enjoy it as my friends made me leave early :(  The dance floor was pretty good though not as big as some.. . With the last 20 minutes or so I had before I was taken away from Tao I danced my ass off on the ledge next to the tables that oversee the main dance floor.  Rather enjoyed myself, I must say.. . My only two complaints: 1) it gets pretty hot in there so make sure you're keeping hydrated. 2) the system for the bathroom kind of sucks for girls, try to wait as long as you can before breaking the seal!!
Maybe 5-stars is a little too much, but this was the 1st club I've ever been to in Vegas and I had the best time of my life there... yes, even better than Marquee, XS, you name it.  I've heard complaints that this club is small, but I thought it wasn't that small... it's split into different levels and different areas, all with slightly different tastes in music, which was great.  There's also an area outside, where Tao Beach is, and it was beautiful (though smaller than XS).  I love Tao because of the really unique feel there.  For example, when you walk in there's a hallway of elegant bathtubs with women bathing in them, in water with rose petals.... just makes you feel like you are in vegas.
Restaurant and club are very good. Always a good host. Waldo is a great VIP host there and always takes care of us and is excellent
WHERE: Inside the Venetian!!. . WHEN: Thursday through Saturday, I believe.. . WHAT: It might be hard to believe, but this is actually one of my favorite local clubs!!! There are many downsides though- lines, getting in, crowds, etc., but aren't all clubs like that??!!. . Thursdays are local nights! So everyone with a local ID gets in free!! So don't forget to be there on time (usually by 9pm to get in the clubfirst). There is usually an open bar for ladies from 10-11pm!! Mixed house vodka drinks!!. . Fridays & Saturdays are the busiest nights!! The crowds are usually OFF-THE-HOOK, but the thing is, tao likes to pack the club to its maximum capacity! So there may be some annoyance there. They just keep letting people in, to the point where you just want to give up and leave! (I've done that a couple times, because noone likes to be pushed and shoved around!). . On a brighter note, music is great!! They have every type of music!! There is the main room, and a smaller room (where they usually play hiphop & all that jazz).. . *NOTE: Get there early because lines can be crazy long! Don't forget to take a cab back home if you're a local and drinking!! Or, sober up!! Grab something to eat!! =D (earls is open 24 hours, haha!)
Hit up Tao on June 3, 2011 while we were in Vegas.  Overall a pretty cool club that gets super crowded.  What I really enjoyed was the people watching and the club's atmosphere.  The girls sitting in the tubs were interesting as well....
Tao is great but such a pain in the a*s to get in, always a huge line and run around from the door men. Have your concierge get you in. If you're a hot lady, no problems!. . By the way, calling days ahead to get on the guest list only gets you into another long line outside watching random people getting escorted into the club.  Great club but such a pain to get in unless you buy bottle service.
First Vegas trip ever culminated in visiting my first nightclub in Vegas: Tao. Luckily for us, we planned ahead of time to save some money. On the website bestofvegas.com we found a deal for two day passes that grant access to both TAO and LAVO night clubs. For women the cost was $30, for men, $50. Not sure if it's much of a deal but as I explain my experience, you will see where it was beneficial to us. . . We arrived at the site of TAO, the Venetian, another hotel filled with gambling, food, attractions etc. We took a cab from the MGM costing us a reasonable $10. TAO was located on the second floor and to our amazement there was a massive line wrapped around the elevators. Seeing as to how alcohol inside was likely to be ridiculously expensive, we purchased a bottle of sky vodka at the gift shop right next to the elevators. Unfortunately for us, $25 is still expensive for a medium sized vodka bottle. As we made our way to the proper line (there had to be three to five different lines) we noticed a handful of security guards patrolling around the area ensuring safety and preventing drinking in the area and prohibiting bringing in any drinks to the nightclub. Luckily, there was a cool security guard who gave us a couple extra minutes to down the vodka before having to confiscate our drinks, right on sir.. . Our planning ahead came in handy as we were directed to the proper line to enter TAO. With our proof of purchase vouchers, we quickly advanced to the entrance within 10 minutes of lining up whereas the other lines progressed at a very slow pace (another temporary line forms near the entrance with groups of chicks being let in-assumed to be hookers or bride to be). As soon as we made it to the counter, we showed our vouchers, received our wristbands that were good for two nights for two clubs. . . We made out way past the first floor of the building to the stairs to gain access to the upper levels. As we walked up, we noticed the music getting louder, more peopled, girls in lingerie using objects to caress one another and bars all around. . . TAO is a massive nightclub. There are three floors which you can hang out on, with bottle service available on each one. There's a dance floor on the second level and the third level has pools (sorry, you can't jump in it) and an open area to hang out in. There's several choices of music as each floor has different rooms with DJs spinning different tracks. The bars as you would suspect are pricey with $13 per drinks that have alcohol in then and beers for $9. I didn't use the bathroom but appeared tricky to find. There is a nice patio to hangout in in case a breather is needed. On this particular night (Thursday) there were a lot of people but not to the point of where it's so crowded you can't move. Luckily, if your tired on the pool level there is a small area where you can sit if you get lucky.. . TAO was a great experience and we got our money's worth. It's worth checking out and if you do go, you should invest in the vouchers for a quicker entrance.
The best club I've ever been to in Las Vegas, or anywhere. . . Music-- incredible mix of what's on the bleeding edge right now along with crowd-pleasers like songs from Journey (Thanks DJ reach!) . . Drinks - the bars are crowded, so you'll have to fight to get to the front, but once you get there you'll enjoy well made, strong drinks. Prices are average. . . Atmosphere -- very fun-- the second floor has go-go dancers, as well as a girl that comes down out of the ceiling a la cirque du soleil. Everyone here is looking to have a good time. I got very little "creepy dude" vibes here.
*Note I had bottle service and was partying with Miss USA and Universe*. . So this place (being asian I had to embrace it once) was really really fricken cool. I'd been to a lot of the other clubs around the strip and have found other than Haze and Marquee, Tao is the next best thing. . . Great mix of music, multi level of hanging out, large and somewhat spacious dance floor. I found that even my friends who didn't like clubs came here and liked it. . . They do have a smaller more quiet room before you exit with an ok DJ, but the main room is where the party was. . . Cool security guards and friendly waitress' they helped make this a great night. . . Cheers and Enjoy a night at TAONightclub. .... maybe one night I'll venture into the Bistro part of this place.
Had an AWESOME dinner here with fabulous service (from the guy who got money shoved in his mouth by Scott on Keeping Up With The Kardashians heehee).  Due to ingesting lots of sake I can't tell you all that I ate, but I DO remember the Tuna Tartar on the Crispy Rice Cake cause it rocked my world!  Our other fav's were all appetizers so try a few.
Excellent food.  I would definitely visit this place again whenever I go back to Vegas.  The atmosphere is really nice too.
Great food. Great ambiance. Well worth the price and the wait. Don't forget to  make reservations in advance.
Tao is off the hook!  Bex hooked it up as always.  Great music, great staff, atmosphere was great.  If you guys make it out to Vegas, go to Tao..you . won't regret it!  Holla at my girl BEx and she will hook it up with a great deal.  Bex once again, you did it..thanks for always hooking it up!  Until next time!!
Vegas Baby!  Spent the new year's eve here a year ago and it was absolutely poppin'!  Great food, drinks and attractive women.  VIP is the way to go.  My wife loved it and she's picky.
I went to Tao last night and let me tell youuu.. it is a beautifully decorated club with tons of cool attractions. I had a great time here and the music was very lively. It was very packed but hey you can have a good time nonetheless... . got in for free since a promoter hooked it up. I recommend getting there at 9 if you want to get in free or else... its $30 for women,$50 for men!. and everything else is cool.
Bottle Service is the way to go!!! We showed up and were immediately escorted to our table. We came for my sister's 21st brithday, and she couldn't enter until midnight, and they accommodated us all perfectly. Our waitress (Kristen) was awesome and made sure none of our drinks were ever empty. We were also assigned security (Patrick) who not only pushed away anyone that came close to our table, but escorted every single one of us ladies to the bathroom so we didn't get pummeled. . I would definitely go back and do it all over again. Thanks Tao!
The duck.. the duck.. the duck.  The most spectacular duck I ever have.. Im dreaming right now.
I know that this is the hoppin' place to be to go clubbin' - I saw the long ass lines to get in. But alas, my clubbin' days have died down to just loungin' :) or dinin' This place turns into a club after dinner. And looking at the other Yelper's posted pictures (and reviews), this is a great place for the young to partay!!!. . Anyways... to those reading this in hopes to hear about the club, you can stop right here. I am reviewing TAO the ASIAN BISTRO.. . It was the start of Restaurant Week when my friends and I dined at Tao. I've only gone to R.W. in Los Angeles and to my surprise - I honestly can't believe how generous Las Vegas is with their food!!!!. . My appetizer of spring rolls were huge! For a foux-foux place like this, i thought I'd leave still hungry. I got full over the appetizers. Clearly it was meant to share! When my entree of filet minon arrived - geez! Medium-Rare it was. At this point I realized that I honestly can NEVER go vegan! I really enjoyed it. Dessert: the chocolate eggrolls. Oooh! Dark chocolate with a Calamansi dipping sauce. :) I love how the sweet chocolate meshed with the sourness of the calamansi juice.. . Our waiter & sous waiter were great! Funny, even. Even their fortune cookie fortunes were funny.
I've never really been a huge fan of Tao up until this past saturday. We had bottle service located on the second floor overlooking the LMFAO concert and crowd. That was one of the best experiences at a club I've ever had. Those guys know how to put on a show and get a party going!!
Woohoo...the place is the bomb!!!. Yea...it's a little dark, yea...there's a huge buddha in the place...yea it was packed but jeeze...this is the best sea bass I've ever tasted. Best service I ever had. Best drinks in Vegas so far.  BEST EVERYTHING!!!!!
Everyone knows the food here is delicious. But did you know that it's also super vegetarian-friendly? Go ahead, test your server. I've been here half a dozen times, different server each time, and every one of them was able to point out multiple vegetarian options, substitutions and off-menu items.. . My favorite is the Kung Pao tofu. (Just ask; they'll make it.) There are also all kinds of veggie roll combinations to choose from. Trust me, you will not leave hungry!
My first time to a night club and we picked TAO. I had a room at the Venetian witch lets guest have a shorter line it was $10 for women $20 guys. This place had such a cool feel to it the sec you walk in. Drinks were pretty expensive at $16 for mix and. $9 for beer...next time I'll take the vodka my sister offers me in the room (that's what the ABC store is for)...it was cool getting mixed drinks from the best bartenders in Vegas tho. We tried getting up stairs but u needed to have wrist Bands on ..I'm not sure if you get them at the front door or what.. . Quick tip. . Get drunk or buzz before going in. There is a little out door space for fresh air on the window side of the dance floor. Open bar for women from 10-11. Only open thur fri sat
who's ready to parrrtayyy! my girls and I had sooooo much fun! i wish we could have stayed longer, but our feet just would not allow. Different rooms with different music. If you just want to dance your heart out stop on by.. try and pre-game because drinks are an arm and a leg. Thank god we made friends with a promoter, who 1. got us in free and skipped the line, and 2. gave us each a drink voucher, or else we would have had to pay 26 bones for a shot of patron! *gasps*...i know! terrifying!. but all in all a must stop when in town!
Came for Halloween weekend. It was our first time here and we were with some friends who had bottle service. We were very well taken care of but always with a price (thankfully not us). Your glass was never empty and they freshened the table every 20 minutes it seemed. This place was great for people watching. We were up top overlooking the bar. Only thing I would change is the size of the dance floor, not too big especially for how many people were there. All in all great night.
We sat, we saw and we conquered.  Danny Novi, bartender extraordinaire and food aficionado, took care of us and served us yummy libations and delicious food.  I was at the end of a raucous weekend and we needed to wind down and  just chill.  So we hiked up on the bar and had a perfect relaxing end to a crazy weekend in Vegas.  Danny served me a Geisha Girl cocktail to get the chilling started then he upped the ante with the Raspberry Lemondrop which was heavenly and I probably drank more than I should have.  After that the dream started with luscious food creations coming so promptly from the kitchen.  We took Danny's every recommendation and did npt regret it espeially the sea bass and lobster ravioli.  I will come back here again and again and again.  Cheers to TAO!
music  was great! dance floor was large ....free open bar,  waited in line for 5mins and didnt pay to get in and to top it off the bouncers were nice :) ..great experience!
I've been here twice, and it's a pretty nice place.  They have different rooms with different DJs and different types of music if you feel like changing it up.  But this review is strictly for "Heat Bar" on the second floor.  It's the first room on your left once you go up the stairs.. . Ventured here last Saturday night, and with my fave DJ spinning, DJ Earwaxxx, my bf and I were having a great time.  Great music, great company, and even greater bartender, Melinda, from Heat Bar (she specifically told me to mention this and even had the time to write it down even though that bar was busy and poppin').  She was so quick and efficient.  In any bar, especially if it's busy, you gotta make yourself be even more assertive and known to the bartender.  I don't know if it was me being tipsy already but when I'd get her attention she'd look at you and tell you "one sec" letting you know she saw you and she'll get to you next.  And that is exactly what she did!  We've gone up to her twice already and gave us great service.  The third time I decided to buy my fave shot, Buttery Nipples lol.  They were out of Baileys and instead of telling me they were out she radio'd it in for them to bring more to her bar.  It came so quick!  As she made our shots I asked her name and she told me it, and I told her that I'd yelp good things about her.  At first I thought she wouldn't care but she took the time to write her name down for me AND she charged me only two of the three shots I bought.  Who knew mentioning Yelp would get you free things!  She was just overall awesome!
Came for dinner on a recommendation and was not disappointed.  Could have easily gotten slammed on the Orange Dragons.  So delicious and smooth I can't say enough.  The menu has just enough not to make choosing frustrating.  The service and food did not disappoint.  Portions were just right, so if ya plan to stay and dance you won't be lazy.
Don't know about the food but go here to party.  We did bottle service here and it was crawling with women.  Honestly it felt like 2 to 1 women to men.  Insanity.  It starts getting very thin around 2 AM though so get a few bottles starting at 10 AM and bounce out around 2 AM.  Go-go dancers are insane, waitresses are beautiful and the service is awesome.  It does get a little tough to navigate when it is jammed up.  Just go here if you want an awesome club experience.
Oh TAO... despite what everyone says about you you will always be my favorite club in Vegas. Whenever I come here I'm treated so well and I don't even know anybody high up!!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE TAO. . . My ladies and I signed up for the guest list on Thursday night but when we got there I guess we signed up for the wrong one or something had happened. We were super bummed bc the line was REALLY long. The guy we talked to must have seen the disappointment in our faces because he said nevermind and just walked us in! LOVEEEEEEEE!!!!! The club was packed yet somehow it was still comfortable, as in I could navigate just enough to not bump into anyone and still have my personal space. We got there 10 mins before open bar closed to slam some drinks down. After 11 the bartender recognized us and said she would hook us up for free still. LOVVEEEEE!!! We tipped her of course, we're not super cheap! . . The dance floor was crackin. It helped to have the ladies in the bathtub to look at when I couldn't see any good looking guys LOL. Hip hop music was on blast AND they even played some Bay Area music. LOVEEEEEEEEE! One of the guys helped us up to dance on one of the blocks so me and my girls let loose.... THEN we got taken to the VIP section by this really nice promoter. I wish I knew his name bc I would refer everyone to him. He was so cool, he took a picture of himself on our camera..maybe ill post it on here. LOL. In VIP we got jello shots and met some cool people. LOVE LOVE LOVE! To think from not on the right guestlist to VIP... the night seriously was way better than we had planned it to be. . . Only bad thing- bathroom long line. Every club should have a bajillion womens stalls to give us that security that when we need to throw up we can do so in private and not in ice buckets. i'm not naming names.... lol but seriously. haha.. . If you're a female you'll love how comfy and fun it is here. So not douchey. If you're a guy prepare to wait in line but with all the ladies it's def worth it.
Review is only for the night club. . I honestly only remember vivid times when i was here.. . Party of 8 guys, 4 girls. 2:1.. Worst. Ratio. EVER.. . . To counter the bad ratio, we had 4 guys get bottle service, thus making it a 1:1 ratio with the rest and we all get in!. Getting bottle service was easy, contacted Chris Traer, (contact information is online if you google his name) a week before our day.  Use him as a resource, he'll give you the details how to get into the club.. . Line: . Idk because i was in the bottle service line, and I just texted Chris and he came down to get me and my 3 guys. I told him about the other 8 people in my party, and he found them in the regular line and put them in a faster line.. . Layout: . Bottle service = elevator, regular people = stairs. There are two rooms, the opium room and the main floor. We had our bottle service in the opium room (which is smaller), and it was pretty nice.  I like the layout of this club. I kinda only wish that the main dance floor had another entrance to get into. I really liked the fact that the dance floors are of course packed, but the hallway in between them are just a place to lounge around, so it wasn't that much foot traffic going where you wanted to go.  . . Vibe: . Opium room played a lot of hiphop, while main floor was EMD. The decor is really nice, regardless of how drunk I was, the opium room felt a bit more intimate, while the main floor was like a large party. The main floor dance floor is crazy packed, I eventually had to leave because it was getting hard to breathe at one point. Getting drinks was whatever, I mean except 11 dollar blowjobs (woman friend ordered it, not me). Also abuse the fact that girls get free drinks from 10:30-11:30. Pass around those AMFs, TOKYO TEAS, SILVERBACKS, WHATEVERR.. . TLDR: If you want to get into the club faster, do some research. Get there early, so you can stack your pregame with the one hour open bar for women. Tao is a nice club!. . I was going to rate 4 stars, but i had to give it 5. All my friends have stories like one of them burning his shirt...HAHA
Why does this place only have 3 stars? Unbelievable! I had an amazing time here!. . I came to TAO on my last night in Vegas with a group of friends. My friend is a promoter there his name is Andy, hooked us up with a really nice table. Huge booth right in the middle. We came here for my birthday celebration. Got bottles of Hennessy Privilege and champagne. There are girls with pasties sitting inside a tub and girls on ropes in the air. We got in fine with no problems with excellent service. The waitress was fantastic. She stood around the table waiting on us to see if we needed anything else. When it was midnight all of a sudden Confetti and smoke and sparklers were everywhere. The waitresses came with a huge bottle of Dom P. and a plate of cake pops and fruits. It was a birthday SURPRISE! I was so shocked! it was fantastic! I also loved the music! It was hip hop mixed into trance! . . there are cubbies that are hidden where the girls can put their coats and clutches if needed. The only thing I didn't like it the bathroom was all the way upstairs and a long line. When people have alcohol in them, they need to restroom! LOL. Wish there was faster access to that. The patio is nice, great view but kind of small. . . TAO has beautiful decor and a very "Geisha" feel to it. LOVE IT!
I came to this club last summer and had a blast. We met a promoter who got us in without making line and no cover charge. Free drinks for the girls. Which made it even better. The club is a bit small,nice decor, and the music was good. We danced all night and had lots of fun. Really recommended this place :)
Had an amazing time at Tao this past Saturday night. The service was great. We ate King Crab California Rolls, A-MAZE-ING!! We also ate Kung Pao Chicken & Maple Glazed Salmon with Udon Noodles. Money was very well spent! We got into the Nightclub free right after. Good sized club, lots of people! Overall, it was a great restaurant & nightclub. Will definietly go back again!
First club I ever went to in Vegas and I'm not sure if anything will top it! The four of us (3 girls and 1 guy) had all flown into Vegas on Saturday and decided that we wanted to hit up the clubs. Coming from Texas, Vermont, and California none of us had any idea what we were getting ourselves into but I cannot say how happy we were with the experience.. . We arrived at TAO around 10 and immediately were overwhelmed. We weren't sure where to go or what to do. Luckily, one of guys with guest relations noticed our confusion and helped us out. Justin took the time to explain everything and answer our questions. (I'd been to the Venetian once before but I was 19 so it was a completely different experience.). For a Vegas newbie this was a godsend!. . Once inside you walk through the bistro portion (the food looked and smelled fantastic) and then up the stairs to the club. The decor is very interesting and I'll admit to wandering around just to see it.  There was an open bar for an hour or so with very responsive bartenders.  I was more than happy to tip them with how fast I was getting my drink.. . The layout of the nightclub includes multiple bars, two DJs, and a small patio. Our group hopped back and forth between the different dance floors (yes, they did get crowded but who wants to dance on an empty floor).  Also, unlike some of the other reviews I read we had no problem finding guys to talk to.  After a lot of drinking, dancing, and making new friends we decided to head back to our hotel.  As we left they had some free flip flops which were exactly what our feet needed after 5+ hours in high heels.. . Overall, I would definitely come back again to TAO and recommend it to my friends when they head to Vegas. Hopefully the next time we come we'll be able to spring for bottle service
I came to TAO to party on a Thursday night back in January, and I had the BEST time!  My friend got us on the ladies' guest list which included open bar.  There was a slight mix up, and the bouncers couldn't figure out what list we were on, but since we were a group of three girls, we were escorted right in anyway....sweeeet!. . We made our way to the main bar, and started on our free drinks.  We then headed to the dance floor, and as we were dancing, the bouncer asked us to dance on the platform.  I pounded my drink for some liquid courage and we let loose!  . . Later on, we were just chillin' by the bar, and one of the hosts came up to us and asked us to go into the VIP section.  They pretty much want the girls to loiter and drink the alcohol from guys who get bottle service so they'll buy more.  Hey...whatever works...I ain't gonna complain about free drinks!  We ended up meeting some cool guys that night, and partied with them again the next night.  . . Its damn good to be a girl in Vegas!!!
nice spot with a lot space to drink and dance. Went on a Friday with some friends and had a good time. Would def go again.
Hmmm....not really a night club guy as much as I am a bar or restaurant guy.  But this place was amazing.  We stayed at the Venetian and went on a Saturday night in June.  The place was filled with the hottest girls in Las Vegas. And by hottest, I must clarify that I have a thing for Asian women.. . The music was poppin', the drinks (though expensive) were free-flowing, and the dance floor was packed wall-to-wall the whole night.  We got there around 10pm so we were early, but we stayed all night and had a great time.. . I'm half-dating someone so I didn't hook up with anyone.  However (and I'm not a super model) hooking up would have been the easiest thing in the world.  I was eye-f*cked by more girls that I ever have been.  Tao is filled with horny Asian women, period. Go there. It's amazing.
So here's how the Vegas story goes.... We were at Tryst, and were promised entry to XS. Come time to enter XS we are denied. We call over someone at TAO, asking if we can get in for free as promised. Yes is the answer, if we can get there by 2 am. Pleas note: it was 1:50am. We sprinted through the (Wynn or is it Encore?), barefoot and all, hopped in a cab, got to the Venetian, ran through it frantically to get to TAO and guess what? We made it just in time! Phew!! We got there, the place is POPPIN'. That night, one of the guys from Black Eyed Peas is DJ-ing. We get free champagne later in the night. The music is great. The place looks awesome. I had no complaints and would love to come back. I think we stayed there til about 5 am? Who knows how long - it is Vegas after all! Our feet failed us, but not Vegas!!
Look, check this out. The only kind of fist-pumping I want to do is in your face, pounding you for that mess that's called house music. I'm so grateful that Tao, while it some say has lost its top spot, still plays the BEST hip-hop music a social butterfly could ever ask for. . . Go on a Saturday night where DJ Vice (from L.A.'s Power 106) knows how to keep the party going with the old school throwbacks and the latest body rockin' beats. Table service prices are pretty reasonable - we scored 2 bottles and the center table for only $900 for a bachelorette party of 9 back in May 2012. It gets crowded, so come prepared to grease the lady w/ the clipboard to get in or he body guard to walk you to bathroom. You know the drill.
SO ON MY 21ST BDAY!! THIS WAS the night club i ended up in (i think)!!! . this club was pretty dam sick.. i love the vibe and the people there. They werent as strict as i thought they would be but it was cool..  most of the music was house which i didnt mind. Being VIP is the best!! you have your own space .AND even  if you do not have a table reservation you can usually expect one at about  45 minute. The msuic was house which was fine....FREE DRINKS FOR GIRLS (SO NO ONEY SPENT). ITS REALLY INTERESTING BECAUSE THERE IS GIRLS IN BATHTUBS...:D
I realized that I needed to update my review about this place because it the BEST place to go in Vegas.. I always have the best time at Tao they have the HOTTEST PROPLE, GREATEST DJ & the BEST CELEBRITIES!! I have ALWAYS HAD A BLAST at Tao. They have multiple dance floors, and even have girls dancing in bath tubs!! . One of the best things about Tao is the VIP HOST RICHARD, he always takes good care of me and my friends with my tables and making sure we have everything we want!!!! I just spent my birthday there a few months ago and Richard made sure that Ihad the BEST birthday EVER!! He goes above and beyond his job and I couldn't have asked for more.  Richard makes all my experiences and celebrations even better than I could have imagine. If your wanting to have the time of your life make sure to call Richard because your guaranteed to make your Vegas trip unforgettable.
Gorgeous club with gorgeous people. I'm a total sucker for the Asian inspired decor, the hot go-go dancers, rose petal covered girls in the tubs, hot bartenders, and the huge space. OPEN BAR AND FREE COVER FOR GIRLS!! WINNER WINNER :D Most of my friends want to go to XS, Surrender, etc. but I can't seem to stay away from this place. Even tho it's not the newest or trendiest place anymore, it is still one of my favorites. . . The line here can get REALLY crazy  especially on a Saturday night.  This is a great spot for girls. You can get through the line pretty quickly if you're on the guest list or staying in the hotel. Guys usually will have to pay cover (unless you're staying at the hotel), but honestly, the cover here is so much less than some of the other places in Vegas. Plus, like at Lavo, girls get open bar here.  The drinks here aren't nearly as strong as the ones that they serve at Lavo, but whatever, they're free! GUYS:Make nice with the girls....or make sure you've got girls in your group; maybe they'll share their drinks with you :D. . The promoters are all pretty nice. They'll do their best to get you in as quickly as they can. Sadly, the bouncers aren't always all that nice. They're pretty chill with a group of girls. But they can be total assholes to guys. . . It can get pretty packed in the club, but luckily, it is pretty big. There are a couple rooms and 3 bars. The wait at the bar can take a while, so learn to get a little pushy and squeeze to the front. . . The bathroom is CONFUSING. I do love their decor...but is it really necessary to label the bathrooms as "Ying" and "Yang" Chances are most people are buzzed or DRUNK. I really don't like having to think about which bathroom to go into! Sometimes they have a bouncer stationed right outside to direct traffic, but sometimes they don't. LADIES: THE LADIES ROOM IS ON THE RIGHT!!!. . EXTRA STAR: They give the girls FLIP FLOPS at the end of the night. Seriously, my favorite thing about tao :D
I went to Tao a little after midnight and the line wasn't long. Because I'm a local, I was able to get in for free. The music was amazing and though the dance floor was crowded, I managed to find a spot by the rails that not only had a cool breeze, but wasn't packed with people.. . Every time I go to Tao, I have a good time.
yeah. amazing experience. tons of people. unbelievable music. the dj was killing it!! DJ VICE. unreal. I cant belive the show he put on. It was so good the first week, we came back the next weekend just to relive the experience.
Serious clubbing.  Great music, just a bit crowded.  I've actually never been crammed in like that before.
Staying at Venetian and Tyga in town? What a win. I got hooked up with bottle service; shoutouts to Chris Ca$h.. . I'll get straight to the point, the service here is amazing. I hope whoever that is paying Marcus, one of the associates at TAO, gets a raise because he sure does bust his ass off in the dim night setting. . . First impression has me sold and I would definitely get my bottle service here again when I am back in Vegas.. . Charmaine Mateo, our cocktail server was excellent as well. Top notch service again.. . Will be back!
We stayed at the Venetian and there's an awesome deal where you get to cut the line and get in for free! Major hookup - highly recommend staying at Venetian to get those perks.. . We went on a Thursday night and the music was AWESOME. It was a mix of electronic plus a good amount of hip hop music. The place was packed and a lot of great people there. Definitely recommend it - I will be back there!
I don't know why I haven't hit up TAO since 2009?!?! I fell back in love with this spot. Hit it up for NYE 2012 with J. Cole! Shit was bonkers! It was the perfect night and the hip hop room was on and poppin!. . To me, Tao hasn't lost its appeal. People hate it because it can get crowded and musty, but honestly Tao has been known as the forefront of MEGA CLUBS since the get. I had a great time!
Want can I say about Tao Nightclub?  Well the women there are beautiful. The club itself is fun.  It gets really packed and the music is great.  Ludacris was there last night and the club was insane. This is one of my favorite spots to go to.  I don't deal with promoters for Tao cause I have connection that I can walk girls in pass the line anytime any day.  The girls I walked in where surprised how fast they got in being with me.  They also got the chance to hang with Luda also.  Ladies if you are planning to come to Tao sometime in the future, be sure to hit me up and find out for your self what I can do.
I can only base this review on the one time me and my 11 friends went to Tao on our celebration trip to Las Vegas. And we all agreed it was one of the best nights of our lives.. . Although this may or may not be atypical of the Tao experience, I want to share with you our night so you understand why I have rated this club so wonderfully. . . We started our Vegas trip at Hyde in the Bellagio and upon exiting, we were approached by a fine looking gentlemen who offered us free admission and free bottle service at Tao on Thursday night. After no thought at all, we accepted and were escorted into the club to our own couch with two bottles of vodka and four kinds of mixers. The waitresses were friendly and efficient and the service was exceptional. . . The club itself:. -Asian/ Buddha decor really stood out, gave the club an exclusive feel. -Girls with rose petal boob coverings dancing in bathtubs, yup. Girls suspended over the dance floor doing flips, uh huh. Good music, check. Nothing much like this in Michigan.. -Very crowded around peak hours between 11:30-2:00am. Dance floor was packed and I found it difficult to walk around the club. This problem was solved by having our own area as leaving to dance was not necessary. . -Great mix of people, no complaints about overaggressive men or pushy security. . . Overall, this was a five star experience but we don't expect it to happen again any time soon without spending thousands of dollars.
We went to Vegas last weekend to celebrate my birthday. We bought a VIP package online for Tao which included a 3 course meal and table with bottle service. This package was an awesome deal! The food was incredible! I thought the portions were very generous. After dinner, we went upstairs to the club. The nightclub was a lot of fun. We danced for hours. Our cocktail waitress was very attentive and was a sweetheart.  I would highly recommend booking the VIP package. It was a great value for what we paid. I will definitely book this again on my next trip!
Love, Tao! . Everytime we go there we have a blast, and we never have an issue getting in, we don't have to wait in line or anything, drinks are pricey, but its Vegas..... We've done bottle service before, and I like how the wait staff doesn't rush you to finish your bottle/bottles like they do in most clubs.. . Love the decor, and the girls behind the glass.. Always a good vibe, even after years of going there, it hasn't gotten old like most Vegas clubs.
We went to TAO 5/25/13 for my brothers bachelor party. As the best man it was my job to plan. I googled Vegas pool parties and found jackcolton.com The site provides contact info for club promoters and VIP services. . . I emailed Matt Pearson from VIP Services at TAO about my options. We had 16 guys, and anyone can tell you, that's a nightmare to get in to a club, especially on a holiday weekend. . . Matt was awesome, he gave me several cost options for table/bottle service, he met us at the door and got us right in, and once we got to our table, the service was awesome. I definitely recommend any group and certainly any group of guys contact Matt. . . Matt.Pearson@taogroup.com
TAO nightclub lives up for Vegas. . . I got in for free, and got free drinks as well?? As much as I want! The bouncer was nice enough to provide me VIP drinks with the tickets he handed me. I have no idea how I got this, lol. Great music. As a clubber vulture, I live up for this one. This is my 2nd club in Vegas and I had an amazing time. The Asian decors are super astonishing. . . I will probably come back here when I'm back to Sin City.
This was my first club ever when I went to Vegas for the first time. And I had the time of my life. We arrived around 11/12 and had no problem getting in. A friend of mine had bottle service so we went straight to the table and started drinking. . . I had never partied so hard in my life lol me and my best friend literally stayed here till it closed. . . It was a great experience and the music is great and the crowd is cool.
Best clubbing night we had in Vegas for my Bachelorette! :) SOOO much fun! We went on Friday night and got in free because we were on the list thanks to our friends at FreeVegasClubPasses- went right to the front of the line and headed upstairs to party. All my friends ordered drinks and I had a few sips, those puppies were STRONG! When I didn't order a drink the bartender poured me a water with ice free of charge and without being asked, and told me to have a good evening. So sweet! The music was great, the crowd was great, the ambiance was great, only problem was after we danced for almost two hours in heels, walking down those marble stairs was a liiiiitle bit dicy! Loved it though! Thanks Tao!
Honestly, one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. It can get crazy and crazy expensive. If you're a girl, dress to impress and it helps you get free drinks from guys as well. It a lot better if you go with a group. Bottle normally start off at $450 a bottle PER 3 PEOPLE. Keep that in mind if you wanna be a baller and spend some fat cash. If you go, go ahead of time. The lines can be a pain and you could be in line for over an hour if you come late. I usually go around 10pm at the latest. I love the levels of the club and the different music. You're sure to spot a celebrity almost any night, even the people who work there I have seen on reality shows. It's a great place to meet new friends, even for the weekend. My favorite place to party at this place is the pool area in Tao Beach. It's perfect. Beers are around 8 or 9 and mixed drinks are 13+. I order a bud light and shot... it was over $20. so that gives you an idea... =\ But you'll have memories forever.
I went to Tao this past weekend and had the time of my life.  We met a promoter that got me and my 5 girl friends into the club free by 1am (therefore we were able to go to  XS first from about 1030-12).   We went on a Friday night, and the music was awesome!!!  Personally, I dont like the house/techno music too much, but I always prepare myself for it when I head to Vegas (most clubs dont like the whole 'urban" music vibe).   But Tao on Friday played a great mix of everything, from house to hip hop to E40 to Michael Jackson to reggae and back.   I literally danced for 4 hours straight, and didnt even realize it was 4am!   . The security guards were awesome, and weren't too aggressive.   And overall, I loved this club and will definitely be back!
Great place. I can't wait to return!
I hadn't planned on writing a review for Tao, but as I read some of the negative responses, I felt compelled to.  First of all, this is Vegas, this is one of the hottest night clubs on the strip.  If you show up in jeans and your wife beater, your not getting in.  So if you think the bouncer is judging you, you are correct.  And I thank them for that.  I don't go out in Vegas to hang with the trash that blew in from the trailer park.  . . I would suggest to check the website to see what DJ or live show may be happening the night you plan to go, but I have never been disappointed.  Very crowed and a younger crowd, but exactly what I was looking for.   A must go if you are looking to have a fantastic night!
Got in with the V card, VIP line. so worth it.
