What can I say...I absolutely love this place.  I have been here so many times and have eaten thru the menu probably.  The kalbi burger is by far my fave...the kimchi and spicy mayo...yummy.  I also love the $3 pickles as a starter...and they have boba.  Awesome!  I probably go to this place because although some of the servers this is their first job and need a little coaching they are supernice and its open til 2:00 am most days so another plus on my list.  We live in Las Vegas, the 24 hour place, but too many place close way to early and if you go to eat around 9:00..whoa bad attitude people.  This place is nice too, cause you don't have to trek thru a mob of smokers and bright little machines to get there.  Told you I love this place. :)  My only wish is that they mix up the menu a little more with more specials to suit the season and local ingredients.
New twist on the classic burger, skeptical at first but I fell in love. Ronin Burger is great so are the Oxtail fries (I think that's what they are called). Try it out. You'll love it.
The burgers are amazing. The Kiki burger is the best burger I've had.... Things i dont like: The food takes a while to come out, the service isn't up to par, and the menu could use more options.(salads,apps, etc.) It would be nice if the restaurant had had a sit down bar area and a different feel in general. But I will continue to come back for Kiki burgers and truffle Parmesan fries!
We are now bonafide Bachi burger addicts.  Me and hubby both live the Kiki and parmesan fries.  These burgers are huge, and I get full half way through the burger.  But it is soooo good, I eat it 'til it's gone.  It is pricey, but hey, it's gourmet style.  You want cheapy asian infused burger, go join them teeny boppers at the fuku truck and wait forever!  Lol jk.
Believe the hype - Bachi Burger is really good! Not only are the burgers really good, but the toppings and flavors are all really interesting and exotic. They have standard cheeseburgers as well, for those who don't want to branch out, but for anyone interested, they have burgers with all kinds of different Asian toppings (slaw, kimchee chi, different cheeses and bacons, lots of mushrooms, sauces, etc). Even for specialty burgers, the price is pretty good, unless you get up into the really fancy stuff (wagyu, crab, foie gras, etc). . My husband and I went and got one 'normal' specialty burger (I can't remember the name - Ronin maybe? It's the first one on the menu) and one ofthe more extreme (blue & green or something like that), an order of truffle fries, and one beer. Both burgers were REALLY GOOD, but I preferred the Ronin. The bacon on the other one was just a little too overpowering for me. Truffle fries were excellent as well. The whole thing cost $40 with tip and we had plenty of leftovers (not that you could save them long - the burgers are so loaded with sauces & wet toppings that they're soggy in an hour). . There was a decent-sized crowd in there on a Friday night, service was very prompt and friendly, and I love that it's near my neighborhood. MOST IMPORTANTLY - Bachi Burger is unlike anything else in the area! I love a great, new, unique, independent restaurant that's NOT on the strip! . Really, the review is only 4.5 stars because of one thing - the decor/ambiance inside the restaurant. It's kinda bland and the lights seem to be too bright, but because of everything else, I'm rounding up to 5. . I wish Bachi Burger all the success in the world so they can become longtime residents in the area and maybe inspire some other unique independent places!
This joint puts a twist on your regular burger! They're open late. The service is good. Most of all, the price is right! My favorite is the banh mi burger. I've already recommended this place to a couple of friends and they loved it.
Bachi Burger is a hipster's burger joint. Great asian fusion burgers grilled to perfection. The dining area is actually a gallery of Japanese photography. . . I tried the Kiki Burger which was great since I'm a fan of burgers with mushrooms. The Garlic Chili Aioli that came with it was really tasty. . . I also tried the Crusty Crab Cake sandwich which was delicious. The crab cake was nice and thick and probably too much for the bread to hold. They really don't skimp on the amount of crab here. I also liked that they put avocado to pair with the crab cake. They also add mango and tangerine jam for a sweet contrast.. . The sweet potatoe fries here are outstanding. Each one is crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside.. . I'll need to stop by everytime I'm in Vegas.
Found Bachi Burger through yelp, and nowhere near disappointed! This place has probably the most deliciously tasting burgers rivaling InNout. I was suprised when I saw the menu, asian-influenced burgers, who woulda thought?? . . I had the Ronin Burger, and it was nothin short of miraculous. This place deserves to replace every MCdonalds location and take over the world. Highly recommend to any burger or food lover.
Pretty Sure, if this place was on the Strip, people would be talking about it nationally.  It's pretty freaking amazing.  It's a small little place, but everything I've ever had here is good.  My favorite sandwich is the lonely bird, which is a mix of chicken and turkey, but they also have edamame seasoned with garlic and truffle oil.  Literally, everything I have had here,  AMAZING.  it's also open until two, so I can get something on the way home from work.
Best burgers in Vegas hands down!
Stopped in randomly tonight with a couple of friends... always drive by and noticed how good it smelled but tonight was the first time I dined in... my only regret - not coming here sooner!  I had the "Ronin Burger" and was blown away. We ordered garlic salt and pepper fries, sweet potato fries, shrimp chips and pickled vegetables for the table - all of which were incredible. The fries were complimented by some tasty dipping sauces and when it was all said and done I was completely satisfied and out the door for about 20 bucks (including a beer to wash it down). Great food and affordably priced... bachi burger is on my list to return in the very near future!
I have been to bachi burger many many times, and I have never been disappointed.  For all of you complainers about the wait, the food is worth it.  I will admit, sometimes the wait can be a bit long, but I have never had a bad experience food wise at bachi,. . I have had the ronin burger, the kiki burger, the kalbi burger, the duck steamed buns, and the oooohhhhh sooooo goooooooooood ox tail soup (special biatch!), and all have been sublime.  On top of that, the fries (sweet potato or Parmesan or sea salt & garlic) are amazing.. . Bachi is one of those places where you NEED to take a cab off of the strip and enjoy the food.  Better yet, rent a car and explore the amazing offerings off of the strip, which would include bachi burger and nielsens!
My friend took a bunch of us to Bachi Burger on a weekend afternoon. Even though there were over 10 of us, we were all seated quickly. I quickly glanced through the menu and while everything sounded good, the special on the chalk board that I saw walking in kept calling to me. After weighing out my options between their $9 burgers on the main menu and the $23 special on the board, I went ahead and ordered the special, "The Shogun Burger." Yeah I know what you're thinking, pretty expensive for a burger right? I decided to order it because it's not like its something I would be eating everyday. . . The burger itself contained wagyu beef, miso butter, poached Asian pear, unagi, and foie gras! Doesn't it all just sound so good? I have never had foie gras before, so that's another reason I choose to try it. I always hear about it when I watch The Food Network  (which is a lot) so I knew this was my chance. My first bite into the burger was FANTASTIC. The burger was juicy, the foie gras melted in my mouth, and the unagi flavor got better with each bite.. . I'm usually a fast eater, but I was trying to savor a $23 burger but I just could not help myself. Let's just say I was the last one to receive their order but I was the first to finish. If you're looking to splurge a little bit on a burger, I would definitely recommend trying the Shogun Burger. Make sure to get a side of fries with it too. I tried every type of fry they offer and it's pretty much a win-win situation no matter what you choose.. . I will definitely be coming back here next time I'm in town.
The shogun burger is freakin incredible!  Wagyu beef mixed with unagi then topped off with foie gras, marinated pears and spinach. Chili cheese fries with the egg are great too.  Food takes a little long to come out but worth the wait.  Good service.
Awesome, service was great and the food was outstanding.  My friends and I shared appetizers, fries, burgers and steam bun sandwiches.   It was a great way to taste a little of everything we ordered.  Can't wait to go back again.
This place is awesome. Taste great!
Bachi Burger. For those of you, who are Foodies like us, better get ready cuz' my Bruddha's restaurant concept has finally hit the planet. "Bachi Burger"! Come and experience the finer essences of gourmet fast food. A must try burger joint. The ketshup, sweet potatoes fries is a huge treat to enjoy. A must try Las Vegas not heavy on the stomach. Yum!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOVE this place. Have been here twice, first time got the Ronin burger..thats the one with the fried egg on top and wow, it was pretty bomb. I had never had a burger w/ fried egg and I'm glad Bachi Burger was the first place i tried it, because they didn't do me wrong. It was a bit messy but not where the patty is sliding out of the bun kinda messy, which I hate. . . Second time, got the Kabli burger (no bacon) and OMG..best burger ever! It was cooked perfectly, the bun was amazing, the cheese, everything was perfect. BOTH times have gotten the Parmesan truffle fries. Seriously people, do not pass these fries up. They are the best. I love that everything comes with a dipping sauce. I'm a huge fan of dipping!. . The wait staff is awesome and very informative..this place is definitely a hit, I hope it sticks around for a long time!
I ate at this restaurant during my latest stay in Vegas.  Originally, we had planned to eat at Miko's Izakaya, but it wasn't open for lunch.  Bachi Burger was in the same general area, so we ate there.  . . It offers a very nice change from your usual burgers.  We shared the Ronin Burger, "Ban Mi" Burger,  Short Rib Buns,  Garlic Salt & Pepper Fries, and Truffle Parmesan Fries, which was recommended by our waitress.  I can be rather picky and wasn't quite sure of an egg on the Ronin Burger. The food tasted great!  The buns on the burgers were excellent. The fries and sauce were wonderful!    . . Unfortunately, I forgot about the Portugese Donuts, so I'll have to try them during my next visit.  . . I definitely recommend this restaurant.
10.14.10. . This place is amazing!  If you can venture off the strip and try this place, please do so!. . Kiki's Burger:. Two types of mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere, with garlic aioli on the side.  Um, are you hungry yet?
BEST BURGER JOINT IN TOWN HANDS DOWN!! . . Kalbi Burger with a egg on top and call it GAME OVER! . Top it off with Salt N Pepper fries and wash it all down with a Mandarin Orange Tangerine Soda. . . HURRY UP and get some GREAT FOOD @ Bachi Burger before theres a  ZOMBIE outbreak and they come and eat it all!
If you're hungover this is the place for you!  Their burgers are great!
Best burgers in Las Vegas.
i'm giving this place 5 stars despite our waiter being a rude jerk!  i had the ronin burger and it was amazing.  i'm not even joking.  i'm crossing my fingers in hopes of one opening in san diego.
Has to be one of the best burgers ever!
No matter how much I pretend to not be a burger person, every time my friends want to go to one of these joints, I end up enjoying myself. There is always a stigma that burgers and fries are unhealthy. I won't try to refute it, but you can learn to overlook it for a great piece of Americana especially when you spice it up with an international twist. . . The interior of this place resembles that of an industrial art gallery. The mute walls are complimented with bright splashes of  Asian photography. The numerous lights above you do not flood the area with an obnoxious florescent feel, but emanates enough light to make it feel cozy. The earth tone place mates gives a warm contrast to the otherwise concrete room.. . Did you know that I was on a search for the perfect balls? Yes, they serve boba tea here and I am impressed. The tapioca were smaller than I am used to, but they have the right amount of chewiness, so they did not turn into spitballs. The taro milk tea was perfect; the richness of the taro, the creaminess of the milk, and the right amount of sweetness. My friend ordered the jasmine milk tea. I normally tend to avoid plain milk teas because the tea tend to go M.I.A. Not the case here. The jasmine is ever present and bold. Flowery and aromatic, I would order this again. If they had durian, I would be here more often. For $3.50, I can come here to get my boba fix and save the gas money. Who am I kidding? I would end up in Chinatown anyways.. . I walked in, expecting to get gouged, but found their prices reasonable. My dining partner and I split a Ronin burger and a Kiki burger. The meat used in these patties are moist and flavorful. The thick slabs of meat were definitely the star, but let the accoutrement boost it up. The Ronin burger is topped with an Asian slaw, fried egg, and pickled ginger. When I first bit into it, I was thrown off, and taken aback. The ginger can be off putting, but after the second bite it got better. By the time you had a few bites it is delicious. This burger is messy because the egg is over easy and the yolk will burst when you pick it up. The Kiki burger was perfection from the first taste. The mixed greens, bacon, and sauteed onions did not distract nor overpower the burger. The BBQ sauce did not mask any imperfections, but bound everything together. With an order of sweet potato fries this was a magnificent meal even for the "indifferent" burger consumer I pretend to be.
Like every other young person from Southern California, I frequent Las Vegas.  Sometimes I get tired of the buffets, expensive restaurants, or 24 hour diners you go to satisfy some drunk cravings. If you're willing to drive a little off the strip,  you gotta try this place out.  Everything is so good and everyone is so nice!. . We had:. Truffle Parmesan Fries. Peking Duck Steamed Buns (3 in an order). Kiki Burger. Portuguese donuts with Vietnamese cinnamon ice cream. . We started with a few craft beers which were all really good. Fries were perfect. The duck buns tasted pretty authentic!  Kiki burger was amazing. The donuts were a perfect end. . . I always say I'm not a burger person but i LOVED everything here. I think Bachi Burger converted me.
Fantastic food ! Love the truffle fries and keli burger! Waiters seem stoned  lol
This place is so addictive!  I am constantly thinking about Bachi Burger and how I want more.  The sweet potato fries are delicious, the burgers are inventive (but not so much that they taste weird).  The service is friendly.  They are always happy to explain what a menu item is if you have questions!
Forget everything you knew or thought you knew about the burger when you go to Bachi. These burgers are gourmet creations deserving of the high praise that has been bestowed upon this little restaurant since it opened. Maybe for those who like their burgers with the standard mayo and ketchup, Bachi burgers may be too intense, have too many exotic ingredients or may be on the pricey side. But for those who want to tickle their tastebuds with explosive flavors, Bachi is the place for you. . . Reading over the menu, a couple of the signature burgers called out to me, but in the end, I ordered the Bachi Fish- Furikake-sprinkled Marinated Seared Cod, Tartar Sauce, Lettuce, Onion, Tomato, Bubu Arare Rice Crackers in between a pillow-soft bun. The fish size was nice and meaty, and I loved the sweet soy-sauce marinade (a cross between Teriyaki/Kalbi) that gave the cod wonderful flavor. The tomato, onion and lettuce were fresh, and the mini rice cracker balls were fun to eat. Pretty to look at, but even better when eaten. . . I also enjoyed the Iced Barley Tea (unlimited refills). The waiter made frequent trips to make sure my glass was never empty. Speaking of the waiter, the service here was good. I have no complaints. . . I only have one question: When can I go again?
The most creative burgers with flavor to match! Asian-american fusion at its finest.
This place has the best burgers I have EVER had.  I've had good burgers but this places beats them all.  My favorite is the Kalbi burger.  It has a wonderful Korean flare to it.  And the service is astounding!  Average burger price is $8 even for the kids.  There are no kid menus but my 5 and 3 year old devour there bachi BBQ burger.
I'm not usually a burger girl, but this was the best burger I have had in forever.  If I had the chance I would be on the next plane to grab dinner tonight.  There were five of us for lunch and everything we tasted was delicious.  . . I had the Miso Burger and even almost three weeks later I still have dreams about it.  The Patty was cooked perfectly and the flavor combination was terrific.  I actually split this burger and the Ronin burger with someone else and wassorry I did.  Not that the Ronin was great, just the Miso was that much better. . . The table had 2 Ronin burger, a regular burger (my husband likes everything plain and simple), Peking Duck Steamed Buns, and a Kiki Burger(they brought this by mistake but the boys all shared it and they loved it.  . . We started with the Bachi Pickles, I liked them a lot no one else seemed to enjoy them as much.  The asian spin was a great twist.. . We also had the Garlic Salt & Pepper French Fries and the Truffle Parmesan Fries.  Although an afterthought in my review definitely not an afterthought here. They stand up very nicely on their own.  Particularly the truffle one, we were battling it out for the last bite.. . Service here was very attentive even if mistakes were made.  The staff was very friendly and quickly corrected any issues.
great tender burgers that just melt in your mouth! different types of fries, & all good! my personal fave are the sweet potato fries.
One of the great burgers of Las Vegas.  But I want to tell you guys something that I haven't heard anyone else mention.  Yes they're is a list of specialty burgers you can get, and obviously people love them.  (ie the Ronin, Kiki, Banh Mi, etc.)  but I seriously recommend you build your own burger.  I feel like a lot of the ingredients take away from the greatness of the beef in the burger.  Sometimes simpler is better, less is more.  Go with the Kobe, so good.  I'm thinking about it right now, want it so bad!
BEST BURGER EVER!!!. . I wish Bachi Burger was located in SoCal.... Sigh.... . I ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries with sun-dried tomato aioli and I almost inhaled those the minute I dipped that first fry into the aioli. . . Then came my Ronin burger and WOW. I want more! . . PLEASE COME TO SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA!!!!. . -RM
I'm usually not all that impressed when it comes to burger restaurants, but I have to say this is definitely a new favorite of mine! Their menu is full of variety, uniqueness, and caters to every flavor and style you are looking for! Bachi Burger has a completely different approach from the standard burger you might find anywhere else, so give a look on the menu to try something you've never had before! . . I didn't dive into their desserts or appetizers, but I had the eggplant, tofu, and mushroom burger (forgot the name of it), and OH MY GOD... HEAVEN without feeling an ounce of guilt! It was surprisingly delicious with the combination of the three of those things, and instantly has me hooked.. . The service is also excellent. Take-out is fairly fast and efficient, and the ambiance of the restaurant is casual, trendy, and social. I'll definitely be returning to explore more options!
Went again. This time for Mother's Day. I tried the Lonely Bird- a juicy ground chicken & turkey patty Tsukune-style (Japanese-style poultry meatball covered in a sweet soy marinade), lettuce, tomato & onion in between a buttered sweet bread bun smeared with a herb pesto. So delicious. I also had half of the Bachi Fish. Just as delicious as I remember. We also ordered a side of Truffle Parmesan fries which should have been more crispy. . . Service was okay. Thank goodness the amazing burgers made up for it or else I probably would have deducted a star. When we got there, we waited a few minutes before a server actually came and greeted us. It wasn't even packed when we went. We waited quite a while for our food to come out, and when it did, they forgot about our fries. In celebration of Mother's Day, Bachi Burger gave out a complimentary slice of guava coconut cake for all the mothers...except my mom? I did hear one of the servers saying to the table next to us that they were running out of cake, so maybe that was the reason. Oh well...it's the thought that counts, right?. . Regardless, I'll be back again because I love the burgers here.
Had the Ronin and the Kalbi burgers. Wow. My taste buds are still thanking me. This place has some of the most creative and tasty burgers we have ever tried. It's like a sushi bar for hamburgers. Tons of fun and good atmosphere. Service was good. Kind of pricey but if you are looking for something memorable I would definitely go here.
Coerced two more coworkers into bachi burger lunch. . . First, we tried the stir fried ginger chili edamame. Yum yum and yum. They are a total mess to eat but worth every spicy finger and lip licking moment. . . I went out on a limb, after great debate, and tried the spicy miso burger. I was apprehensive about some of the toppings. I should have known NO bachi burger would lead me astray. It was excellent. The burger was way more than mouth sized and sandwiched between a pillowy eggy bun. Amaze!. . We also shared the best sweet potato fries that exist! And, of course, I washed it down with my fave, apple lychee soda!! . . Full on food coma ensued and I struggled through my remaining office hours. . . Bachi burger = true lunchtime adventure and joy!
Drive for a burger - off the strip - Yes!. . Burger's amazing! From the NW we're in the land of grass fed, well treated beef, I was amazed by this burger....really, truly, "....just go". . Caesar Salad, incredible! The anchovy on top - was plump and shiny and lovely.....Beware the croutons just might be 1000 calories a pop - but so good. ".....just go". . Truffle French Fries - they did a 1/2 and 1/2 with the Sweet Potato Fries for us - they were perfect. . Service - great. . Atmosphere - great. . But honestly - the 5 stars are for the food - it's so good. I was in Las Vegas for 5 days - went here twice....have I said this yet?.....just go!"
Bachi Burger is one of my favorite burger spots in Vegas due to the fact that it is completely different than most places. I have been here several times and I still haven't been disappointed.
This is probably my favorite gourmet burger joint. They've combined a lot of asian/Vietnamese flavors to make these delicious burger creations that just explode in your mouth. Also, the buns are so fluffy and airy, it's just MAGICAL! . . Banh Mi Burger: MY FAVORITE. This has all the flavors of a Vietnamese sandwich. The added flavors of the grilled pork and the pickled veggies really make this burger spectacular. . . Salt and Pepper french fries: This is also a MUST ORDER. From the sounds of it, it just sounds like they'll throw salt and pepper on your french fries, but it's SO MUCH MORE! They also flavor the fries with fresh slices of jalapenos and little garlic chips. At frist sight, the fries look like they would be extremely spicy (which worried me since I can not tolerate much) but the flavors were PERFECT. Just enough kick to make you keep eating more and more! These flavors are very similiar to the Vietnamese dish: Tom Rang Muoi if you're familiar with that. You must try it for yourself.
GREAT LOCAL FIND! Good place to eat. I love their drink selections, and their food. I'm a big fan of kimcheeand beef so my favorite burger has to be the Kalbi burger. I also like the Ronin burger. I mean who doesn't love fried egg and katsu in their burger. Right? Their fries are awesome! I recomment the garlic parmesan fries are awesome. LOADED with flavor. Very garlicy and lost of parmesan in it if you like that. If you want to go for a softer tasting flavor for fries I'd say the sweet potatoes. Those go really well with the Kalbi burger. I also might suggest that you try at least ONE drink that isn't a coke or pepsi product. Their beverages are one of a kind, and tastey. So be brave! Try one of them. The feel of the place is very simple, hip, and urban. Easy enough. It doesn't have all the extra mumbo jumbo or glitz and glamour of the strip. So if you are looking for a casual place to eat with great service. Try it! I swear it is an experience!
This place is damn yummy. My bff sent me enticing food porn when she came here so I had to try it when I went to Vegas in April. I had the spicy miso burger and baby daddy had the Ronin. We ordered parmesean truffle fries to share and the Portugese donuts for the grand finale.  Can I just say that I literally drool thinking of these burgers. It was so yummy and not at all heavy. I ate the entire burger and I didn't sit there and go "uuuuhhh..I'm so full..my tummy hurts!"...nope...I just had that smile on my face and I was ready for the donuts to come with....and those little sweet fried balls of heaven were awesome...a perfect compliment to an awesome lunch. I wish I lived closer to Bachi Burger so I could try all the other delicious burger varieties but alas, I will have to wait till Vegas calls me.
What a unique take on burgers!! Asian fusion burgers!  When i came here I got the ronin burger and garlic chili edamame with sweet potatoe fries.  Everything was absolutely delicious. Definitely going to be coming back!
Had the Spicy Miso burger and DAMN, its good. Seriously, its good. Lorin, the chef/owner, is cooking food with fine dining technique at casual dining prices. You can't go wrong with anything you order there. And the beer and sake selection is really well thought out. The desserts are pretty killer too!
Found this place through yelp and decided to try it out. Little apprehensive at first on the idea of Japanese infused burgers w/ fries.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is your typical Japanese feeling, the dark flooring and walls, sushi bar seating, and asian decor on the walls.  I ordered the Spicy Miso Burger. This burger was not on their website menu, but I must say, if you know Asian Food it is all about presentation and it did not disappoint. Not only did the burger look good, but taste remarkable.  If you are into Burgers with a twist, I would recommend a visit.
I don't need to write a long one here.  It's very simple, Asian twist on American Fav.  The difference?  They do it better that any similar place I've eaten at before.. . In short, Good Eats.
The wait here is ALWAYS long, but the food is entirely worth it. This restaurant has the best burgers I have ever eaten in my entire life. I frequent this restaurant when I am visiting Las Vegas, and every time I have brought someone to this restaurant, they absolutely LOVED it.. . Burgers: . Ronin - not a fan of the coleslaw on it. Banh-Mi and Kalbi are my favorites. . I need to try the Wagyu burger but it is 24 dollars! . Miso Spicy - my best friend gets this burger every time and loves it. . Fries - . Sweet Potatoe Fries - amazingly crunchy on the outside and sweet and delectable on the inside. Truffle Fries - I don't like the truffe oil and they are not as crunchy as I would like . . Edamame -. GARLIC TRUFFLE OIL - most delicious edamame I have ever eaten, have tried to recreate this at home and failed. . Ginger - this one is good, but I like the garlic better . . Sodas - Try the Apple Lychee or the Mandarin Orange soda. They are so good, I wish they had refills though.. . If you are visiting vegas, this spot is better than any buffet or restaurant you would have at the strip. Don't waste your money. Come here and you will be full and happy and ready to win all your money back at the casino.
Good burgers!
I have such a wonderful friend that lives in Las Vegas, knowing that I was traveling alone (not uncommon for me), she brought me some food from Bachi Burger.  Although I don't mind eating alone in a restaurant, it's always more fun eating with a friend.. . I had the Kalbi Burger, which consists of: Ground Beef, Pork, Soy, Garlic, Ginger, Chili Paste, Green Onions, Ciabatta Bun, Kim Chee and Ko Chu Jang Mayo.  Got all that?  If you're from Hawaii, you probably didn't even bat an eye when I mentioned all those things because you knew exactly what I'm talking about.  But if you're not used to Korean food, you're probably scribbling frantically to go and Google the words you don't know, right?  OK, so go Google and come back.  I'll wait for you here.  *pause*. . Now that you know what all the ingredients are, here's my review.  Oh wait, let me give you my disclaimer first.  I'm not a huge burger fan.  Your occasional Mickey Dee's or grilled poolside burgers are great.  But I'm not a burger seeker outer.  With that said, this burger was magically delicious!  Not in the Lucky Charms kind of way but in the it's-so-non-typical-it's-almost-like-eating-a-plate-lunch-with-bread-instead-of-rice kind of way.  (Plate lunch:  A mixture of different food items, laid out on one plate and usually includes rice, macaroni salad - did you know that Hawaii has the highest per capita of people that have diabetes?  Now you know why.  We eat starch with our starch and then put more starch on top)  Where was I?  Oh yeah, it's like a mini plate lunch but in sandwich format.  The beef was delicious, the sauce was good and the sweet potato fries gave it a nice compliment.  All I needed to go with it was a Korean bar lady saying, "Buy me drinky?" and I would've had the full experience.  . . If you're open to trying new types of burgers, this is the place to get one from.  ^_^
great burger joint, an Asian fusion burger joint to be exact. probably the best flavored burgers in Vegas. we ordered the shogun, foie, peaches, truffle oil, really good. the foie was embedded in the patty. the smokey valley, fig jam, brie, arugula, fried onions, truffle aioli, really good too. the food here is good and the friendly service brings me back to Hawaii. oh, i almost forgot, the oxtail fries with the fried egg is to die for! go early, this place does get full fast!
I found this restaurant on Yelp on a trip to Vegas.  The reviews had my mouth watering!  I couldn't wait to get there!  Unfortunately, when I got there for lunch on a Tuesday, they were closed!  I was unbelievably sad!  That is why, later in my trip, I made a second trip to Bachi Burger.  Boy, was I glad that I did!. . I had the Ronin Burger and my wife had the Lonely Bird.  Both were AMAZING with amazing sauces!!!! Hers was better.  It had crunchy onion straws on it which just added something!  We also had sweet potato fries and Parmesan truffle fries, both of which come with heavenly sauces.  Heaven.  I was even able to get bubble tea!  They make their own homemade sodas too... My wife had a strawberry jasmine lemonade.  Very refreshing!  Prices were reasonable- about $10 a person.. . Other than the wonderful food, the most memorable part of this experience was an angry woman behind me.  She apparently ordered her burger rare but when she got it, she thought it was too rare.  She proceeded to be VERY rude to every employee in the restaurant.  Even using the line "I have worked in the service industry before." She said that she comes here 3 times a week and it is her husband's favorite restaurant, but now she isn't coming anymore.  Poor husband! The staff were all very nice and understanding to her even though she was acting like a crazy person. . .  All I can say, is that if I lived in Vegas, I would be there 3 times a week too!
Holy sweet Jesus, this is some good cow.. . They proudly display a sign that says "Voted Best Gourmet Burger in Vegas 2010"---and rightfully so.  Bachi Burger takes the classic "meat, bun, & veggie combination," adds a bit of an Asian twist to it, sprinkles on some magic dust, and voila! What you have is a kickass burger waiting for you to devour it.. . With every Vegas trip I go on, I've been more than glad to come back here. Service has always been amazing--almost as amazing are their Sweet Potato Fries. Semi sweet, super crispy, extra delicious. Get these instead of the gravy-topped Truffle Fries and you won't be disappointed.. . It's not listed on their current menu, but last time I went, I had the pleasure of trying an appetizer dish...I believe it was Seared Tuna with Chips....it was utterly delicious. The salty chips paired nicely with the silky fish. The Ronin Burger, Kiki Burger, and Spicy Miso are always good choices as the main course.. . Next time (if the blackjack tables treat me a little better,) I'll opt for the Shogun Burger!
My favorite place to eat burgers. Now being vegetarian puts me in a bind at most places but bachi burger has an awesome grilled bachi fish burger!!! Add sweet potato fries and your in heaven. Wait I can't forget to talk about the BUNS.....to DIE FOR!!!
the Kiki burger is fantastic. . . shitake mushrooms, greens, nice and squishy bun.. sweetness. i didnt even need ketchup! and i put ketchup on almost everything!!!. . the salt and pepper fries tastes like crab. you know.. the asian crab thats boiled and is seasoned with salt and pepper? exactly that. it was the weirdest thing ever. but delicious. . . this is a gem thats off the strip and is definitely worth thedrive.  its not even that far.. but i would highly recommend coming here on your way home from vegas.  . . I wasn't even hungry.. but after the first bite, i couldn't stop.. and then the fries!? jeez... so much for trying to get fit and lose weight!!
I never had a burger that had so many different flavors and tasted absolutely perfect.  I usually get the spicy miso burger, which isn't that spicy at all but taste wonderful. I also have had Banh Mi and Kiki burger as well.  The fries are pretty good, not a big fan of salt and pepper in general but the sliced jalapeno's are always fresh.  The fries are big enough to share but the burger by itself is perfect for a meal on its own.. . Oh and i love photos that they have up from Japan and that they play they usually play a food/cooking show on the tv.
Still 5/5. Went a few days ago on my last trip and was initially going to try their soft shell crab po' boy but they were all out! Not so sadly, I settled for another Shogun burger. While it is a $25 burger, I was up from gambling so I didn't paying the price. This time I added egg even though I was afraid it would conflict with the foie gras and unagi but it didn't.  Maybe next time I'll bacon too!. . I will be back for the soft shell po' boy next time for sure.
I live in Summerlin so this place is a good 30 minutes away from me.  When I was finally on that side of town my friend and I decided to check it out!!  I was honestly expecting a little burger joint like in-n-out or something, but this is a nice sit down restaurant.  Casual and trendy.  . . My friend told me what to order so I didn't even really need to look at the menu, but I was intrigued by their "Burgers with a twist of Asian fling" deal.  There are so many things I want to go back and try, this will definitely not be my LAST time! Our waiter was also very informative. He asked if we wanted to "hear about the menu" and I thought he'd never shut up... He explained EVERYTHING to a T.  I actually felt bad because I was already ready to order before I even got a menu! . . We started out our meal with the pickle plate.  I had no idea what it was but we saw it in a newspaper article that  was posted in the front.  My favorite part of the plate was the pickled garlic cloves.  I was expecting way too much garlic flavor, but wow I was surprised.  I would get a bowl of just that!!  The other items were mediocre, but it was worth trying it.  Very interesting idea! . . For dinner I had the Kiki's burger with sweet potato fries and sun dried tomato aioli.  It was delicious!!  The burger was amazing.  It came with a chili aoili on the side and that was actually my favorite part.  Next time I want THAT for my french fries too. My friend had the crab cake burger, and it was good!  I like it a lot for a seafood burger.  It was a little sweet which was odd to me, but very interesting flavor.  . . I ended up spending $17 for a burger, sweet potato fries and the pickle plate.  Not TOO bad, but a little pricey for 1 person at a burger joint.  . . HOWEVER, I would go back in a heart beat.  I actually can't wait to return so I can try something else!  Definitely check it out, you won't regret it....  The drink menu alone looks amazing.  I drank water, but next time I'm gonna have to get one of those boba milk teas everyone was drinking.
Trying the rohin and Kiki burgers, sweet potato fries, truffle fries, and starting with the tuna and chip.  The food made me sick with a stomach ache cause it was so GREAT I couldnt stop eating.  Will go back for more
Excellent, original, and very fresh tasting. Everyone in our four person party enjoyed their meal and we each had something different. Probably the most original tasting hamburgers I have ever had the pleasure of enjoying. Not your standard fare by any means, but a wnderful fusion of asian flavors and the good old fashioned hamburger.
I live in Los Angeles and was visiting some friends who live in Vegas.  They told us to try Bachi Burger since they compared it to Umami Burger in LA.  Of course, I had to try it to see what the difference was.  . . Bachi Burger by far has the BEST burgers that I've had to date.  All of their burgers have an Asian fusion flair.  Their Ronin burger was truly amazing with the grilled onions and Bachi BBQ sauce.  Their Parmesan Truffle fries are also amazing with a special mushroom sauce that was drizzled on top. . . And to top that all off, we almost didn't order their dessert which was the malasadas and I am so glad we did because those were amazing! . . I also took a sip of their homemade sodas and their Mandarin Tangerine soda is so good.. . If I could, I would've wanted to try all of their burgers.  We also ordered their BBQ Pork Belly Steamed Buns as an appetizer and those were freaking amazing as well!  . . Please open one up in LA!  I would go there everyday if I could.  That was how good it was!
service issues have been accounted for and fixed. I have been twice recently, and the food is still the BOMB! The Bahn Mi burger is probably my favorite and this is a go-to burger spot for me! Lucky for me it's close to my house and half way to the airport. Great spot to catch a bite before you get to McCarran.
So, the restaurant sent me a letter after my Yelp post to tell me that they were working on the service speed.  Well, they did!  Based on some other reviews I tried the crab cakes.  Wow!  I had a burger again, which was awesome, but was jealous of the fish sandwich ordered by people at the table next to me.  Well, that just means that I'll be back.  Again, service was much-improved so they get five stars this time because the service was excellent and the crab cake was the true five star surprise.  Enjoy!
This was a very nice surprise; after eating 7 burgers in 3 days and not having much success at any of them(story coming soon), Boston Burger Blog and I were looking for something a bit different and were intrigued by the Asian influence to the menu. We went there at 7pm on a Monday night expecting to sit right down and eat like we had at all the other burger places I've ever been to. 30+ minutes later and some unnecessary confusion from the hostesses and we were finally seated. Not a great start.. . The restaurant itself is very unassuming; plain white walls with a couple pictures and posters as well as some tv's that didn't seem to be connected properly. It is located behind a Subway restaurant in the back of a parking lot, with an extremely small sign above the door that is hard to read even up close. Maybe this was temporary since they were fairly new. The menu is filled with burgers that have teriyaki sauce, to Korean-influenced choices that come complete with kim chee. We decided to try a couple different fries on the menu and went with the sweet potato fries and truffle fries. Both were quite good, cooked well, had some great flavor and also came with tasty dipping sauces.. . I ordered the Kiki burger w/caramelized bacon, a couple different kinds of mushrooms, and a great bun. The meat was marinated with some sort of a teriyaki flavored sauce, it had great flavor even though it wasn't the best quality beef in the world. I ordered it medium-rare, it was cooked close to how I wanted, even for a thinner patty. At the end of our meal one of the waiters apologized for the wait that night, and explained that since they are still new they are trying to get everything figured out. He also said that they have an undersized kitchen for how popular their restaurant has already become. A good problem I'm sure many places wished they had. This conversation made up for a lot of our bad feelings we had early on, and since a random rush like the one we witnessed are not overly common, I would absolutely come back several times to try some of the other burgers on the menu.  Even though I have only been one time so far, this has become one of the best burgers I've had in town.
I have been to this place twice with my wife, after hearing from my friend how great it was.   The first time we were there, we ordered as main course the Veggie burger, Ronin burger, and Sweet potato fries.  The veggie burger was ok.  The Ronin burger on the other hand was delicious. It has so many flavors.  It contains a cross between american and asian ingridients. Also, the sweet potato fries are as good as they get. Lightly salted and crispy. So the second time around we stuck to  Ronin Burgers and sweet potato fries.  . . As far as service, service was great.  We were seated immediately. A glass of Iced water is served right away and our food was ready in 10-15 mins.  I have been there during the week either on a Tuesday or Wednesday and there are always many empty tables. I have read other reviews where they mention how crowded it gets.  So I would recommend to go there during the week in the evening preferably.  . . All in all, I will be going back soon to try some of their other fries which I hear are amazing.
This place has awesome food. Best part is the great prices and the awesome service. When you're Vegas this is a must stop!
Holy Cow!!! This place lives up to the hype. I just ate the best burger I have ever had in my life. The service is great too.. . After telling our group about this place, we all went together the next day. I can't remember ever going to the same place 2 nights in a row but it was worth it.
Love it!! . . All the food is good, but the sweet potato fries are the best ever! Love getting them with the garlic chili aioli. Also love getting the jasmine lemonade.. . Wish they were still open til 2AM!
Came in with a group of 6 and omg we ordered so much food. An asian infusion burger place, we had to try this place out. . . Appetizers. Edamame with garlic butter and truffle oil - yummy, my fingers were so oily from it but soo good ahha. Edamame with garlic ginger and chili - I don't like spicy things and it wasn't that spicy but I didn't like but my friends did. Out of the sea salt fries with pineapple ketchup, garlic salt & pepper fries with garlic chili aioli, and truffle parmesan fries with sun dried tomato aioli, the truffle parmesan was my favorite, something about truffle that just makes it soooo flavorful and tasty mmmmm. . Burgers . Most of my friends got the ronin burger which I cant speak for first hand but they loved it. My bf got the bachi american wagyu burger - which was freaking one of the most expensive but he seemed to enjoy it a lot saying the quality of the meat was really good. He was actually savoring it and eating it slowly instead of scarfing it down like usual... or maybe he was getting full from the appetizers?. I wanted to try the crusty crab but unfortunately they took it off the menu :[[ so I got the grilled bachi fish which was yummy! The only bad thing about it was that since its cod and the fish was flaky (in a good way) the burger didn't hold, it pretty much fell apart, so I had to eat my burger with a fork ahah. . The server was nice and pretty attentive, constantly filling our waters and taking away plates pretty quickly. . . We left happy, definitely will be one of our stops when we come to vegas
Yet another favorite of mine. This place has some mighty tasty pupus and meals along with some good shakes for dessert! We tried so many different things that all tasted great. I dont think you can find 1 bad thing on that menu! Theres ample parking and the place is not hard to find. Not sure what there busy timers were there was no wait when i went. Def another great place to check out!
Amazing. Amazing. Just Amazing.. . We ate here with a group of friends, one of whom happens to be that horrible person who is rude to wait staff. Not only did we get spectacular service (I cannot believe I forgot her name! Young asian girl wearing glasses), they also tolerated our obnoxious table mate. Our waitress busted her ass. I was very impressed.. . The Burgers here are very original. There was a whole lot of "What the hell is that?" "I don't know but it's spectacular." I had the Ronin burger, it was heavenly. I brought my wife back a Veggie burger. She raved (and she hates everything about meat). . . Extra Credit: The Beer list is superb. Minor subtraction of points by referring to their Rogues bytheir more obscure Japanese names to make them sound extra exotic, but a minor gripe.. . Only Negative: Not open Mondays.
My wife and I stopped in not really knowing what to expect.  We were very pleasantly surprised. The menu had a wide variety of apps and burgers to choose from, so many of which sounded unique and promising we knew if we liked it we would have to come again. We ordered the steamed Pork Belly buns as apps and for burgers, the Ronin and Kiki. The buns were interesting, but just a bit better than okay. Glad we ordered it but no reason to get it again. To clarify i probably would order buns again, but a different variety. Now, on to the burgers.... . WOW!!! Both burgers (I tried my wife's Kiki) were amazing! I described it to my wife as an explosion in my mouth. Fireworks were going off... The burgers contained a melange of flavors and textures... I actually used the word melange for the first time in my life! It was an orgasm for the mouth. There was sweet and salty and spicy and juicy, crunchy, soft, and crisp...ohhhhh! Give me a moment, I will be okay. We also shared the Garlic Parmesan Truffle fries... Also wow. Strong and intense in flavor there was only so much one can eat in a sitting... as it strains the taste buds, but not in a bad way.. . I had Honeydew bobo tea, which was very nice as well, no worse or better than any I have had before, and the wife had the root beer. Since we filled up quickly we took the leftovers home... by 7 am my remaining burger which heated up well in the micro for 20 secs was gone, down the hatch! My wife finished hers cold. 'nuff said!
So if you are in the Vegas area, and are on a Burger hunt.. We'll you've come to the right place....If you haven't been...you definitely are missing out.  So out-of-towners...If you have a rental...Bet your bottom dollar you'd wanna make the effort to come here.  . . The burgers are fresh, and has a spin when compared to your all american burger.  Their specialty are the burgers with the Asian twist to them.  The meat is thick and moist.  Very different, original and tasty! They have quite a few selections but I've only tried the Kiki burger and Ronin, both of which are good...wait I lied! I've also tasted the KimChi burger from a friend's plate= This burger was decent...a bit weird for me since I didn't know what to think of the kimchi veggies combined with my burger... Bachi Burger does have a small selection of your all american burgers but the waiter will advise you that people usually don't come to order those.  . . I've also tried their Ox tail chili cheese fries....De-LIcious!!! They even include a sunny side up on top of the thing.  :) Makes me happy just to think of this dish.  My friend ordered the bbq pork bun dish (its one of the three pictures I have up) ...I think they were good, but for the price, I think i've had better.  . . The only thing I think would make this burger not so appealing to people is if they are like me: I simply like less meat (like the amount you get in a cheeseburger at in N out).  I usually go with others who I gladly separate the pattie in two and hand half of it over to someone else.  The thing is, there is too much meat for me and that isn't a problem when you could share it with others (having too little would be a problem as you would have to maybe order more). :) . . Come people! . . TK
I tried the original bachi burger and was amazed how polished and juicy this burger was. My burger was only for $7 and the moist burger was a welcome sight to see, because as soon as I bit into my burger, all the juices/marinate flowed down my plate. This was awesome. Easily the best burger in Vegas.
I don't know if anyone could ever convince me to re-review a restaurant, my first impression is typically good enough for me, and should be for everyone else. Even if you argue that I went to a location on an 'off day' I could really care less, if you are a professional and have opened a restaurant, there should be no such thing as an off day. I will however, go back to a place just for the pure enjoyment if it is good enough. Such is the case with Bachi Burger. I went many months ago, it's been one of the best burgers I've had in Vegas to date and I've had many people ask to go there with me. I've been twice in the last two weeks, and I'm not sure if I'm glad I went back.. . Since my first visit, they have finally added a few permanent, lit signs to the outsideof the building so its presence is a little more noticeable. The decor hasn't changed at all, with simple loose tables and chairs, plain white walls, and some Asian-inspired photos for sale. I went once for dinner in the middle of the week, and the other day again for lunch. Both times I was able to sit right away unlike the first time, but that's about where the consistency stops. The night I went for dinner it was fairly busy, but our waitress helped us right away with drinks, and took our orders fairly promptly. I had pretty good company that night so I can't remember how long our wait was for the actual food, but between the appetizer and burgers I don't think it was too bad.. . My lunch visit was far worse. The friend I was with didn't quite know what she wanted to order right away, so after his first visit our waiter said he'd be back in a few minutes. I think we waited almost 20 minutes for him to return, and at least another 25 for our food to arrive once ordered. We sat down at 12:30pm in the middle of lunch, it was fairly busy but by the time we ordered the place had mostly cleared out so I didn't see why it would take that long. Her unpreparedness aside, our entire lunch took almost an hour and a half from sitting down to finishing our meal, far too long for folks that typically have an hour lunch break around town. I'm not sure if this is a common occurrence during the day, but considering that two out of three meals I've eaten here were sub-par in the service category, I might be noticing a trend here.. . The food itself is fantastic. Since having a Kiki burger on my first visit, I have since tried the Ronin burger and the Kalbi burger. Both burgers came out medium rare just as ordered, had all fresh, amazing toppings, and did not disappoint. The different combinations of kim chee, kalbi sauce, fried egg, and other Asian-inspired toppings are all succulent and the best examples of their flavor. I had the pickles during one meal which consisted of not your typical pickles, but pickled daikon, garlic, cauliflower and a few other items. It was delicious and different. Not too filling, but great flavor and a good prep for things to come. Both times I stuck to the parmesan and black truffle fries per request from my company at the table. The fries have great flavor, but during my most recent visit I had the chance to eat some of the fries with little seasoning on them near the bottom, and they weren't too great on their own. Still, all of the fries I have seen and tried here are loaded with seasoning and great in flavor.. . I'm not going to bother giving Bachi a new score, the burgers have been incredibly consistent and fantastic, but the service is just not what it should be from visit to visit. If you're not on a lunch break or in a rush, it is well worth the visit and still in my opinion one of the best burgers you can have in town. If impeccable service is your thing, then you need to loosen up a bit and get in here to see what you're missing out on. And if you are an employee of Bachi, please take note of my service comments. I'm sure you get slammed during lunch time and at dinner, but respect the hour-long lunch break and try to find ways to get your customers in and out of there with some efficiency.
all yummy.
Out of all the gourmet burger places I have tried, this is the best burger place hands down!!!  Everything was just soo flavorful!. . Edamame Stir fried with Garlic, Ginger, and Chili:: overall pretty good but I prefer without the ginger (I'm not a ginger person). . Truffle Parmesan Fries:: delish and it smelled sooo good. . Pork Belly Steamed Buns:: OH EM GEE!  it was so soft and juicy and it just melted away in my mouth.  I normally don't like to eat fat but this was soo orgasmic.. . Ronin Burger:: loved it!  So much flavor, it was party in my mouth!. . Kiki's Burger:: only took a few bites and it was good but I prefer the Ronin burger. . Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries::  pretty damn good.  Surprisingly the chili was good.  Huge portions!  . . Definitely coming back whenever I'm in Vegas.  They need to open one up in Socal!
The food is ALWAYS great.. . Went back last week after restraining myself for MONTHS and saw a few new items.. . My BF tried the Manga Burger and I had the Mr. Ho's.. . I preferred my selection over his, but they are definitely very different!. . The Mr. Ho's burger is perfection, with the lapcheong (Chinese Sausage), and taro bun! That screamed greatness off the menu! . . The Manga has a very subtle taste,still good,  but paled in comparison to the Mr. Ho's I had that was BURSTING with flavor. . . They've upped the portions on the fries, and somehow I believe the Garlic Salt & Pepper fries have been improved! Unless I just hadn't had them in very long. Regardless, the flavor is always on point.. . We also had a chance to try their special dessert, the Grilled Mochi Sundae. We both loved it! The grilled mochi atop azuki (red bean) sauce and a scoop of green tea ice cream in the middle with matcha powder sprinkled all over! Simple, but wonderful. . . I can't wait to go back in a few more months and hope they have more items added on to the menu!. . Bachi never disappoints me.. oh, and rumor has it, they may be opening another location... shhhh...
Had the Kiki Burger and there hand made sodas. Had a taste to you can't describe. But was just simply amazing! I will go every time I go to Vegas! You have to stop and grab a bite here. Hands down!!
I've come to this place several times now and I must say, I've been satisfied everytime.. . I'd like to think of myself as an old-fashioned burger guy or purist, meaning I like to let the burger, cheese, and ketchup do the talking.  I'm fine with lettuce, tomato, fried onions, and at times, mushrooms and bacon.  I think having too much condiments and toppings ruins or hides the real flavor of the meat and cheese.. . . Having said that, I didn't think I would like this place too much as other burger fusion places I have tried before were just ok, but was open to trying Bachi burger out.  I have tried several of their burgers and I must say, all are good, though I have my favorites.  My favorite is the kiki burger.  I think most of their burgers at this restaurant tend to be on the sweet side.  Initially, I didn't like this burger much because of the sweetness, but when I put the aioli sauce on it, everything just came together.   The salty taste that I like came from the aioli sauce and just brought the flavoring and ingredients all together.  This burger is what I would recommend for everyone to try first.  It is not too far off the classic ingredients of a burger, I think.  Note, I'm not going to describe the burger toppings too much, as there are better reviewers before me that have described the specifics.  You can also look up the menu at bachi burgers' website . . The second burger on my list is the banh mi burger, which has a Vietnamese flare.  Again, their sauce just brings their fusion idea all together.  Yum Yum.  I would definitely pick this if I'm not up for the kiki burger that day.. . The other burgers I've tried are the Kalbi burger and Mr. Ho's burger.  These burgers are fine.  All in all, I think it just depends on what kind of fusion burger you are in the mood for during that time.  If you are wanting something with a little Vietnamese taste, go with the Banh mi burger.  If you want a hint of Korean, go with the Kalbi burger.  . . Others in my party have tried the American Wagyu burger and the Ronin burger.  They liked these as well. The buns on these burgers are soft and really good.  Also, I have tried the steamed sandwiches, such as the duck and pork belly sandwiches.  These are great.. . Their sausage appetizers are pretty good.  We order this for our little one all the time.  Their fries are awesome too, especially the truffle fries.   . . This place definitely has a good vibe and the waiters/waitresses are friendly.  It does get busy at times, so you may want to get their by 1130 for lunch or arrive on earlier dinner times (6??).  . . Whenever I have guests from out of town and are in the mood for burgers, I definitely recommend this place.  I do give them a heads up it takes a little while for the burgers to cook, so their expectations for a little wait are set.  The good thing is that they have TVs that you can watch while you wait, if you're not chatting with your friends.  It's always tuned to the cooking or food channel, so there's a chance you will get hungrier, while you wait.  It makes the food even better when it arrives and you take your first bites.  So far, I think everyone leaves satisfied and happy like I am.
Seriously the best burger I have ever tasted. We were in Vegas for my daughter's wedding and stopped here after reading the reviews prior to heading to the airport.  I had the Kiki and my husband had the Ronin. The high quality beef combined with the unusual Asian flair was just superb. The Parmesan truffle fries were very good as well. The customer service was great; however, we were there before the dinner crowd. Apparently they are opening a new restaurant in Summerlin; with any luck they will expand to Southern California!
One of my favorite restaurants! Pretty pricey but worth it. I only wish that it was closer to where I lived so that I could frequent this place more often. I haven't been here in awhile but I'm sure it's still as delicious as ever.. . My favorites include: Apple Lychee or Yuzu Cherry Soda, Chicken Karaage, Sausages, Truffle Parmesan Fries, and the Edamame. As for the burgers, I always get the Bachi Burger but I've tried the Kiki's and Kalbi and they are all very appetizing.
I love Bachi..all burgers have their own unique taste Oxtail chili cheese fries and sweet potato fries is really good too.
Move over Zippy's...  Bachi Burger is insane!  Read so much about it, finally getting a chance to try.  Called in an order, added to it and then a delayed shuttle ride finally got me there.  In my hurried pick up, a Big Thanks to Ehren, co-owner for the quick pic with Monkey... . . Monkey do:. BANH MI BURGER - Delicious, satisfying, crazy flavor of vietnamese sandwich combined with the best quality meat you could possibly have.  Sampling only half was out of the question tonight.  . OXTAIL CHILI CHEESE FRIES - Nice twist on the classic with quality meat, fried egg and a little kick.. . Gah!  Forgot the TARO BOBA!  No worries.  Coma coming, no room for anything else.
Hamburgers with an Asian inspiration?  Sounds weird- tastes great!
Amazing burgers, that were both cooked and seasoned perfectly. The prices were a little bit on the expensive side for a burger, but it is not too much more than you would pay for a burger at any other sit down restaurant. The one area where they excel over other places is that they cook the burgers to your liking, but also have other foods that most sit down burger places wouldn't off. Additionally they have some incredible in house fruit flavored sodas.. . The feel is not too bad, but it would be way better if it was located elsewhere, and not in a strip mall.
I'm not big on hamburgers only because I think of fast food when I eat them and how unhealthy it is...BUT this place is freaking amazing. They use 100% Angus beef, super fresh, the sweet potato fries with the ketchup-hawaiian dressing is awesome. I highly recommend this place! It's not cheap but for the quality of food that they serve there, definitely worth every penny :)!
If you live in Vegas, you NEED to come here (and damn you for being so lucky!).  If you're visiting Vegas, you NEED to come here.  It's seriously worth the little distance you drive from the strip.  And if you don't have a car, CAB it here, it's worth it, I promise!!!. . BH took me here because we needed a break from all the celeb chef restaurants on the strip and wanted something a little more low key with dishes at reasonable prices.  What I did not expect was that the food would be as good as the $$$$ restaurants with a $$ price!!  . . The restaurant is very clean, spacious, and nicely decorated.  The waitress we had was very helpful and awesome.  We sat down and perused the menu, and we immediately spotted about 10 things we wanted.  We whittled the list down to a mere 5 dishes. . .the foie gras appetizer, the oxtail chili cheese fries, the kiki burger for BH, the Ronin burger for me, and a side of truffle parmesan fries. We finished it ALL.. . The foie gras appetizer is only $12.50 and comes with salty mushrooms, sweet golden raisins, a beautiful reduction sauce and plump, juicy figs.  The foie gras was seared perfectly so it was crisp on the outside and soft and luscious inside.  Each bite rendered pockets of fragrant fat to explode in my mouth and coupled with the sweet raisins and juicy fig, I was on cloud 9.  The pieces of foie gras were also quite big. . .and for $12.50 I thought it was a steal! . . The oxtail chili cheese fries were my next favorite. . .though it came a VERY close second to the foie gras.  The fries were golden and crispy, and very soft and fluffy on the inside.  The oxtail was so tender and almost melted in my mouth.  I don't like beans in my chili but I did not mind the beans in this chili.  It gave it a nice, creamy texture to the crunchy fries that was different from the gooey cheese.  The jalapenos were crisp and gave each bite a little heat, which offset the slightly sweet and salty chili, and the cilantro kept my mouth feeling fresh and clean.  Oh god, it was pure heaven. . .BH and I cleaned the plate and eagerly awaited our burgers.. . BH's Kiki burger was pretty good.  I am not a big fan of mushrooms but his was very flavorful, the meat was perfectly cooked (we ordered medium rare. . .the meat was browned on the outside and pink THROUGHOUT the entire patty!) the bacon strips were candied, sweet, and chewy, and the bun was soft and pillowy.  BH commented that the bread reminded him of cha shu bao - asian style where it's very light and fluffy, golden brown on top and just a tad sweet.  I agreed and felt the bun really made their burgers.. . My Ronin burger was just okay.  I was a little disappointed that it lacked a bit of flavor, imo, but I think it may have been because I had foie gras and oxtail chili cheese fries before the Ronin, so my palate might've been built up to expect something more. However, I think if they put bacon in the Ronin, it'd made it even better than it already is.  But I think if I had the Ronin without all the luscious apps, I would've thought it was perfect.  The meat, like the KiKi, was cooked medium rare, it was juicy with the soft, golden bun and the fried egg. . .it was a true delight to eat.  BH and I could tell they also put a lot of thought and time into their sauces, which came out very interesting and paired well with the burgers and fries.. . . The truffle parmesan fries were really good as well.  Like the oxtail french fries, they were crisp, golden brown, and had a nice, subtle flavor of white truffle with a bit of tangy parmesan.  It went with our burgers quite well.. . I was so impressed with the meal, I flagged down our waitress and begged her to talk to the owner so they could open a Bachi in LA.  She said the owner is in the works and is hopefully opening one by the end of next year!  I nearly jumped for joy.  She also mentioned that the chef/owner used to work at Roy's Hawaiian and just started Bachi.  They plan on opening a ramen house in a few months, also in Vegas.  Ramen is abundant in LA, but I feel we have a lack of great burgers, especially Asian fusion burgers.  . . Overall, I felt the burgers were like a combo of Umami (in terms of creativity and presentation) + Bun Bun (for the Asian- fusion style flavor).  Bot Bachi blows both out of the water. . .by far. . . The bill was just a little under $50.  BH exclaimed that it "wasn't right" because he felt he was somehow cheating them.  $50 for 5 dishes. . .each made with such precision and skill as a $$$$ restaurant???  It was the best meal EVER.  I understand prices in LA might be a bit more, but I don't care.  I just want my Bachi!!!
What a wonderful restaurant.  My friend and I have been hearing so many wonderful things about this place so two nights ago we stopped in.  We shared the sweet potato fries as an appetizer.  I for sure give that a 5 star.  He had the regular burger cooked to his liking and said it was truly the best he has had.   I tried the  veggie burger.  All I have to say it was the best veggie burger I have ever had.   And let me tell you I have had many!!!!  Mushrooms, tofu, cilantro, greens and much more.   The prices are right and the food is amazing.   Our server Tammy is one of the best I have every had and managed.  She knew the menu, she was funny, nice and attentive.  I want her to work for me.
An asian take on an american classic, Bachi Burger impresses.. . Don't let the outside look of this place fool you, they make some pretty good food. The burgers were all cooked well and the asian twist behind everything was surprisingly amazing. Some of the burgers I tried were the Banh Mi, the Kalbi, and the Kiki. The Kalbi was by far my favorite out of the three, it has kimchi which was a great substitution to lettuce.We also ordered their oxtail chili cheese fries, the Bachi pickles, sweet potato fries and their salt and pepper garlic  french fries. The oxtail fries was the only thing that I wouldn't order again. Everything else was delicious, you have to try the salt and pepper garlic fries, I couldn't stop eating them.. . Overall this place is worth the trip if you're a local. If your a tourist and want to venture into some of the local eateries this place will fulfill your need.
I am not really  burger guy, but this place makes the most delicious burgers! Go early or late (open till midnight) cause it does get busy and as per every American restaurant they will take your empty plate away asap (Europeans hate that, wait untill everyone is finished cause we wont leave quicker anyway). I ordered the Ronin burger, honey had the Kiki burger, we also ordered pepper-salt-garlic fries (very good) and a fois grass appetizer (nice presentation). . The buns were soft, caramelized onions were sweet, Angus beef was cooked perfectly and the sauce on it was special. They have a lot of great soda drinks too. . Felix the waiter knew his menu and was very helpful in helping us to select. We'll be back but not too soon cause my calorie intake yesterday was a bit too high!
ATTENTION!.... Bachi Burger is one of Vegas's best kept secrets. . I bring all of my visiting friends here, they leave super jealous that they don't have one in their city. We love that they do something different, each item is very unique and creative. You wouldn't think that the flavors would mesh so well but man do they!. . Here is my MUST try list:. . Oxtail Chilli Cheese Fries. Spicy Miso Burger. Truffle Parmesan Fries. Chili Fried Chicken. Black & Green Burger. Ginger Chili Edamame. Strawberry Jasmine Lemonade. . Even if you aren't a big fan of Asian fusion, its hard to deny a good burger and fries.
Wow, Bachi Burger does everything right. Asian fusion meets the bun and holy shit does it ever fucking work. My only gripe? Bachi Burger needs a location in LA! Seriously, this place puts all the other burger joints to shame. I mean, this is what Umami Burger should be doing. . . Bachi Burger is located 5 miles to the southeast of the Strip in a non-descript shopping center. Being the noObs that we were, the wife and I could not figure out which side the entrance was located at (it's on the north side by the way). Once we entered we were lucky enough to be seated because this place was fucking packed. . . After perusing Yelp reviews, we decided to order the famous oxtail chili cheese fries. All I have to say is thank youYelp for recommending the oxtail chili cheese fries because they were amazing. The chef is Japanese Hawaiian and the minute you see the fries you will see the Hawaiian influence because there was a perfectly cooked fried egg on top! The portion of the fries was huge. As an appetizer, it could easily be shared with 4 people. Aside from the egg and fries, it consisted of tender oxtail meat, cheese, scallions, jalapenos, sriracha mayo, garlic aioli, chili, and beans. I mean the combination of these ingredients was simply bliss. My wife and I hardly spoke because we were devouring the mountain of fries like fucking barbarians. . . As for the burgers, my wife had the Kiki Burger and I had the Miyagi Burger. The Kiki Burger was really something. Thick and juicy Angus beef, three different types of mushrooms, caramelized bacon, gruyere cheese, and a sriracha-mayo sauce... oh heaven! As for my Miyagi Burger, it consisted of thick and juicy wagyu meat with furikake (nori flakes), caramelized bacon, crispy onion rings, fried egg and mayo. It was good... a little on the sweet side... let' just say that I liked my wife's burger a little better. Also, if you aren't into fusion burgers, they have a regular Angus burger that you can customize. . . So, we were unable to finish our meal. Too much fucking food. I can't remember the last time I went to a gourmet burger joint and was unable to finish my burger. I think my only suggestion for Bachi Burger is that they should offer a sampler platter because they have so many unique burgers and it was a shame that I couldn't try more. . . Bachi, I fucking heart you. . . *One thing my wife and I noticed was that  a requisite to work here is that you need to be Asian with arm tattoos. But don't let the tats scare you because the servers are super sweet like ramune.
Flat out my favorite burger spot!  I didn't even used to eat burgers until this place entered my life.
Normally I hate the words "Asian Fusion" but the sample size of various Asian cuisines is large and authentic enough not to butcher various cultures. I'm a fan. Easily the best (flavor : price) burger place in Vegas.. . Burgers: So far I've tried the Miyagi, Kalbi, and Bahn-Mi burgers. And for the most part, flavor profiles are retained throughout the various cuisines. The Kalbi burger evokes Korean BBQ and Kimchi, and the Bahn-Mi burger tastes like the sandwich. What makes the burger special, however, is the texture profile. Unlike Umami burger, there is a light crunch on the outside due to a combination of caramelization and maillard, the same found on top-end steaks. Doneness is perfect and the burger balances texture and moisture, rather than having the patty soak into the bun.. . Fries: Salt & Pepper fries. Delicious. Reminds me of Filipino/Vietnamese flavors (ingredient hint there).
The Best Burger joint in Vegas!!! This place was such a treat for my friends and I. And for the first time experience a burger place with an Asian taste! My ordered was Peking style Duck steamed buns, Mr HO's burger and Truffle Fries. We couldn't resist ordering Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries after seeing the table next to us ordering it. By far one of the most flavorful burger experience!!! I can't wait to come back to Vegas and have lunch here again!!!
This place definitely deserves 5 stars.. . I ordered the Kiki burger along with the salt and pepper garlic fries. Let me tell you, that burger was no let down. The meat was thick and juicy. They ask you how you want it done, and I got mine medium. The mushrooms were awesome. Those fries were DELICIOUS. My burger and fries both came with a side of sauce. I don't remember what sauce it was, but boy did it compliment that burger and fries.  The burger might not look big, but it sure is filling.. . Along with the burger and fries I ordered an almond milk tea with boba, and I should know better than to order boba from a burger place. The almond did not have much flavor, and the boba was bland as well.. . The waiters were friendly, nice, and patient. If I come back to Vegas I'd definitely eat there again.
This place rocks!   My dad lives in Vegas and this place is right down the block.  This is now a must stop every trip!  We split the black and green burger and the wagyu burger. The black and green burger has bleu cheese, roasted garlic, bacon, mushrooms and spinach.  The wagyu burger has a fried egg, crispy onions, caramelized bacon, and chili mayo.  Both were awesome, but I give it to the wagyu burger.  The fried egg pushed it over the top.  Both burgers were cooked perfect.. . We also ordered the salt pepper garlic fries, Truffle Parmesan fries, and sweet potato fries.  I would say the Truffle fries are best without the sun dried tomato sauce they provide and the garlic fries were best with the garlic chili sauce.  I give the garlic fries the edge as the truffle fries needed more truffle oil on them.  The sweet potato fries were good, but I am not really a fan of sweet potato fries.  If you like them, these are great.. . This place is great and I would drive out of my way to get my hands on these burgers.  Bravo Bachi Burger, keep cooking!
Boba and burgers... what can be better than this!. . It covers all the bases when it comes to Asian food. Finding a place like this in Vegas... money. The Wagyu Beef Burger (Miyagi) has a very nice, sweet crunchy crust on the patty. The Ronin burger on the other hand, has a softer, melt in your mouth angus patty. It also contrasts the sweetness of the sauce with something else (something i couldn't figure out because i ate it too quickly) sour.. . It's not just about the burgers for me though, not like Umami burger in LA. It's about the entire experience. The fries... the fries. I believe it's the garlic fries, but it is tasty. It emanates a slight bit of heat from the peppers. The fries also seemed to be cooked with some fish oil, which makes for an interesting flavor combination with the sauce.. . And finally, the boba. Chewy, and simple.. . 5 stars. . Almost forgot... get the portuguese donuts.
Sooo good!! I get the veggie burger or the fish sandwich. Both are so delicious. Also try to fries with the sun dried tomato dip--so yummy!
ZOOOOOOOOOOOMG FOOD IS SO BOMB! best burger ive ever had.......... sometimes the service and kitchen lag quite some time, but totally worth it! no lie. i want one, now!
Amazing burgers!  I love this place!  It was recommended by several friends, so I came here with my family, and it is possibly one of the best local burger joints in town.  Not to mention the homemade sodas.  Mmmmm!. . We pigged out and order the kiki, fish, and kalbi burger along with sweet potato fries, truffle fries, Peking duck rolls, and finished off with Portuguese doughnuts.. . The short review:. Get the fish burger, sweet potato fries, and a Cherry Yuzu soda.  The fish is rich and just as good as a beef burger.  The sweetness in the fries pair off really well with the bitterness of the Cherry Yuzu.. . The longer review: . The kalbi burger is really good, but also really sweet.  The first bites are tasty, but then my tongue got a little sick of the sweet meat.  Surprisingly, the kimchi on the burger wasn't overpowering.. . The truffle fries are cooked just as well as the sweet potato fries: crispy yet fluffy.  The truffle gave it a richness that contrasted with the Parmesan shavings.  But, the truffle is only at the top, so everything under the first layer are regular fries.. . I wasn't too big on the doughnuts only because I am not a fan of cinnamon, and the accompanying ice cream for the doughnuts were loaded with cinnamon flecks.  Loaded!  . . The atmosphere is really hipster.  The servers are young and relaxed.  The decoration is modern with an Asian theme, but still reminds me of a local coffee shop in Seattle.    . . Overall, the food focuses on contrasting flavors that complement which was done really well.  The quality is very high, and the atmosphere is awesome.
Asian flavors, asian-inspiration, and gourmet cooking infused into the All-American classic - we are Bachi Burger!. This is their tag line for this wonderfully delicious restaurant located about seven minutes or so from the strip.. . Minh found this place while looking through Yelp one day and bookmarked it for us to try while we were in town!. . Armed and hungry we invited our friends to join in on our adventure one sunny afternoon. Bachi Burger is the new kid in town located in a new strip mall, they have plenty of parking, but I could see it being a problem if it was the lunch or dinner rush hour.. . As the four of us entered we were greeted and promptly seated at a nearby table. Our server gave us our menus and took our drink orders.. . Minh and I ordered green ice tea, while we were waiting for our drinks to be delivered we all looked over their amazing menu and their selection made it hard to choose just one thing.. . We decided to share among the four of us:. . -Pork Belly Steamed Buns-Duroc Pork Belly, Cilantro, Callions, Radish, Boiled. Egg, Chinese Black Vinaigrette, Hoisin BBQ Sauce.. . What can I say about a fluffy soft steamed bun overflowing with pork belly except for yum yum in my tum tum!! The pork belly was tender with just a slight bit of fat still attached the bbq sauce and vinaigrette mixed well together. But beware this bun can be a tad messy as juices were dripping down my hand and onto the plate.. . . I ordered:. . Kiki's Burger-Angus Beef .Sauteed Shiitake, Enoki & Eryngi Mushrooms, Caramelized Bacon, Sweet Onion Marmalade, Gruyere Cheese, Garlic Chili Aioli.. . Salt & Pepper Garlic French Fries-Maui Onion Sea Salt, Garlic Chili Aioli. . . The Kiki burger is more of a sweet tasting burger. Which I was not expecting, but was happy with my decision and ended up eating the whole burger. The buns were not overly bready more on the thinner side. The angus beef was tender along and the toppings meshed well together. The only thing I could not locate was the bacon! Where was it, I could taste it but not see it at all! . . The fries were more than enough for two people to share, which I did with my handsome boyfriend! The chili aioli was okay but to me it did not really go with the fries. I am more of a ranch or ketchup kind of gal when it comes to my fries! Fries were crispy and not overly done.. . Our server kept checking on us often making sure we were happy with what we ordered. . . I think Bachi Burger needs to come out to So. Cali this would be one place I could never get sick of!
OMG!!! L-O-V-E the burgers, I've only been once as I am from out of town, but I must say I will visit prolly every time I'm in Vegas!!! My partner in crime had the Spicy Miso Burger and his burger was absolutely delish! I had a bbq sauce type burger and it was pretty good but I have to admit not as delish in my opinion as the Spicy Miso...only because the Spicy Miso is super duper flavorful with lots of punch.  The fries we had the parmesan truffle fries and jalapeno fries, Yum again!!
I finally got to try this place after hearing my friends rave nonstop about it.  And to do it right -- it was the last stop during my most recent Vegas trip!. . The restaurant is super easy to find.  The decor is nice; you don't feel like you have to be fancy.  Great place for the family and seems accommodating for big groups.  Our server was great -- he gave excellent recommendations.  There was no wait, but I could only imagine.  . . We ordered the truffle parmesan fries, miyagi-san grass fed wagyu burger, no meat here burger, and a red velvet shake.  So juicy, lots of flavor.  I loved everything, except the red velvet shake could have been sweeter in my opinion.  But I have many sweet teeth, not just a sweet tooth =) . . I wanted the burger as rare as I could get it --- and that is what I got.  I left happy and definitely tummmy stuffed! . . I can't wait to try everything on the menu.....especially dessert.  I'll make sure to save room next time!
Great Burger place for foodies!!!. . My friend who lives in Vegas brought me here last weekend and I could not have chosen a better lunch spot. After a few days of all you can eat buffets and high priced restaurants, Bachi Burger was a very nice change of pace. I heard this was the best burger place in Vegas. I knew I had to try it. Here's my take:. . What I recommend: If you love blue cheese as much as I do, go with the Black & Green. I have no idea why they don't call it the Black & Blue. I ordered medium rare and it was delicious! It's a great burger. The burger patty if flavorful in itself, but with the mushrooms, bacon and spinach- I enjoyed it very much. One thing that I really liked about the Black & Blue is that the burger is not overwhelmed with the blue cheese. I would say it's in every other bite. Pretty smart if you askme. Be sure to get the Parmesan garlic fries. Wash it down with a good beer. You'll be glad you did. . . If blue cheese is not for you, try the kiki burger. Different cheese, different tastes, but equally amazing.
*drools*. . Absolutely loved this place! Came here once while in Vegas and I'm so glad we came here. We were staying on the strip, but we had a rental car, so we drove here.. . I ordered the black and green burger with salt and pepper garlic fries and momotaro soda.. . The burger: Absolutely delicious and very very filing. The patty was pretty thick and had a lot of flavor in it. What made it really filling were the mushroom, bacon, and blue cheese. When you throw all of this, it makes for a really great burger, but do make sure to try it while on an empty stomach!. . Fries: The fries was very good. Crispy and had the right amount of flavourings. However, do make sure to share it because the portion is meant to be shared.. . Momotaro soda: First time I've tried peach and strawberry soda. I tasted a lot of peach, but not a lot of strawberry, but I'm not complaining.. . Price and value: For burgers, they're pretty expensive at first glance, but once you factor in the stuff they put in, it makes sense and the quality of the ingredients are high, so I'm not complaining.
Second day in Vegas, my friends wanted me to try this place out as they've been craving this place since their last visit to the Sin City a few months ago and I'm glad they introduce this place to me as now as I'm craving it. . . I got "The Lonely Bird" burger and my boyfriend got the "Miyagi-San Grass Fed Wagyu" burger and both were is freaking delicious, good thing we split our  1/2 and  1/2 so we got to try each other's' burgers. Hands down these two burgers were the best I've ever eaten! "The  Lonely Bird'' had a hint of sweetness and the pesto sauce was to die for, totally worked well together. The "Miyagi-San Grass Fed Wagyu" burger was just so juicy and again they flavors just all worked well together.. . We all shared an order of their famous Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries and although it was good, I would have liked it better if there were more oxtail in the dish. I think I would do without the oxtail fries next time and just get their other stuff but  I cannot wait to come back and try other items on their menu.
Wagyu + foie gras = heaven!. . My hubby and I came here because our friend raved about the banh mi burger, but I zeroed in on their daily special: foie gras. Foie gras? At a burger place? It was a sign that this place was going to be GOOD. =). . The restaurant isn't that big, so there's probably a wait around lunch (we got there around 2PM). The menu consisted of tons of gourmet burgers and appetizers. It was hard not ordering the whole menu.. . Of course, I went for their foie gras appetizer first. There were only a few left! Luckily, my order was put in on time to get one. I would of jumped whoever took the last one away from me! It was prepared like any fine dining establishment would do it. And for only $12!! What a steal!. . It took me a while to decide what burger to try. Everything sounded so good! After much debate I went for the Kiki burger but switched the angus patty with a wagyu patty. It had a mix of sauteed mushrooms, sweet onion marmalade, caramelized bacon, gruyere cheese and a chili aioli. The patty was super moist and tender and all the ingredients went together great. The bun was soft and absorbed the yummy juices coming from the patty. Definitely one of the best burgers I've ever had. . . This place is off the strip, so it's a nice change of pace from the chaos there. This is definitely a place I need to hit up every time I come to Vegas.
Hands down my FAVORITE burger place in Vegas and ever! My coworkers and I go weekly. I alternate between a burger and Bachi fish. Salt & pepper fries are the best ones! Stir fried edamame is the best of those.
Ohhh goodness. My boyfriend has a timeshare in Las Vegas right down the street from Bachi Burger. Everytime we go, we devastate this place.. . The burgers are gourmet, Japanese fusion burgers, but so delicious! First off, their quality of meat is great. The ground beef is very tender and juicy, not dry at all. They also offer so many choices of burgers that are so interesting! . . -If you really want to splurge, try the Shogun burger. It's the best burger I've ever had, hands down.. -Miyagi-san is definitely the best burger if you don't want to take risks. It's not bad, it's a GREAT burger! But if you're not feeling some of that fusion stuff.. -The Ronin Burger was awesome. It had so many layers of taste; my friends and I decided that it tastes somewhat like a sushi roll. Sounds weird, but it's really goooood.. -Kiki burger is a really good mushroom burger!. -Their oxtail chili cheese fries were HUGE. And delicious! However, like everyone else, I do wish for a bit more oxtail in it. But nonetheless, bomb.. -Their truffle fries are amazing too! Definitely my favorite truffle fries I've had yet. Not dry at all! Crispy and moist.. -Mr. Ho burger. If you like sweet taro bun and pork sausage, try it. It's a bit on the Chinese bun side, it was very interesting, but I couldn't finish it because it was a bit sweet for a burger.. . Never had Umami Burger, but my friends at the table are quite the foodies and had quite of a bit of Umami Burger... Bachi blows Umami right out of the water.. . Prices are around $9-$15 per burger (except the Shogun, that one is $25), but the burgers are HUGE. Eating just the burger alone, you'll be stuffed. Thick patties, fat bun. No skimping here.. . Damn, now I'm hungry talking about all this food.. . 5 stars!
The Mr. Miyagi was a great combination of flavors and textures...plus Karate Kid was just on TV a few days ago!
Awesome place! Totally new & unique spin on a burgers & fries. The duck steamed buns are a must, and worth every penny. Can't wait to go back!
[edit-- after subsequent trips back to this place and realizing that the cravings for bachi burger are never ending, I have bumped the rating from a 4 up to a 5. This place is one of a kind.]. . This is not your typical burger. If you are craving a cut and dry, lettuce, tomatoes and pickles on a salted angus patty with a slice of American cheese, go elsewhere. If you are a little more open minded and crave the satisfying structure of a burger with a new and unique spin, come on down to Bachi burger.. . The wait wasn't too long for the two of us. My girlfriend ordered the Kiki burger and I the Kalbi burger. We shared some parmesean truffle fries which were ultra tasty and came with a sun dried tomato aioli sauce that was perhaps one of the finest sauces I have ever tasted. They were cut thin like average fries but far from average in taste and quality. The burgers themselves arrived 15-20 minutes after ordering and were cooked medium rare as requested. The kiki burger featured sweet caramelized onions and three different kinds of asian mushrooms. My Kalbi burger came with a sweet korean bbq marinade, green onions and enough kimchi to give it a noticeable kick. It was blissful. The meat was juicy and plentiful, the marinade was not excessive or overpowering (although it did drip all over my hands and face) and the balance of the sweet with the spicy kimchi simply turned out to be a winning combination. I'm a man with a respectable appetite and upon finishing the burger and fries was thoroughly stuffed. I had the green tea to drink on the side.. . We didn't try deserts or appetizers but we'll definitely be making a trip back here to see what other goodies this place has to offer. The bottom line is that Bachi burger offers a unique, Asian spin on the classic American burger with delicious results. The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable for a burger that is anything but fast food in quality. Burger fans and foodies alike-- you simply have to try it.
I was reading about this burger place awhile ago and finally got to try it last month in Vegas. Asian infused burgers isn't something many places have tried making, but they should, because it's delicious!. . They're located a few minutes from the south strip outlets. The place is clean and very modern looking. They were busy for the lunch crowd but not hectic at all.. . Pork Belly Steamed Buns - Open style steam bun loaded with flavor! Thick slice of pork bun that melts in your mouth.. . Salt and Garlic French Fries - I go crazy over garlic fries. The fries were skinny cut and were the perfect size.. . Mr Ho's Burger - Featuring Angus Beef , Pork, Green Onion, Cilantro Ginger, Garlic Hoisin Mayo, Chinese Sausage, Sauteed Mushrooms, Mizuna, all inside a Taro Bun. This burger is like a Chinese pork bun burger. I love the Chinese sausage which was implemented in the beef patty. The garlic hoisin mayo was sweet and tangy, and the taro bun balanced out the flavors of the meat.http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/MGMXM26c3CIDRHT_NsaeSQ/l.jpg. . All in all, everyone in our group loved the burgers here. Service was top notch when we were there. I will having seconds, thirds, and fourths here in the future. The unlimited green iced tea is the cherry on top!
Found out not too long ago that they're opening up another restaurant in Village Square!! My only concern is that the food stays the same but nonetheless I am STOKED!
When you're middle aged and been married for double digits, you start to not care if a restaurant is hip or trendy.  You just want good food.  This place, located in a small, suburban, strip mall, is decorated with open ceiling painted black, colorful prints of Asian cities, fake bamboo mats, and cheap track lighting.  Just the sort of place for young Asians with Pink hair and dragon tattoos.  But with all this hipness, it also delivers some delicious food.  I don't give 5 stars readily, but for these flavors and reasonable prices, I couldn't give anything less.. . So forget about the ambiance and go for the great food.  While billed as a burger joint and food shaped like one, this not just a hamburger but rather a fusion of western comfort food with Asian and Polynisian enhancements done with great success.  The meat is high quality and generous.  The flavors integrated and complex.  Don't ask me what the names of the ingredients are because I think they are in another language, but they are delicious none-the-less.. . A few things we have tried:. . Sweet Potatoe fries:  thinner cuts of sweet potatoe, fried, and lightly salted with sea salt.  Comes with a sauce that is slightly spicy.. . Salt and Pepper Garlic Fries: slightly spicier than the sweet potatoe, but I like it better.  The sauce is also spicy.. . Kiki's Burger:  This is lighter flavored burger, slightly sweet with mild cheese.  Really good for the sensitive palate.. . Kalbi Burger:  The first time we visited, my wife was scared.  She couldn't recognize any of the ingredients. When I pointed out that this burger had Kim Chee, which she likes, she gave it a try.  This burger is loaded with flavor.  It has sweeter flavors from the teryaki offset with sharper flavors of onion and garlic.  The Kim Chee offers a nice crunch.  This is my wife's favorite burger.. . Spicy Miso:  This burger is loaded with flavors.  The egg is a real addition to the spicyness and meld of teryaki and onion.  This is probably my favorite so far.. . Bachi Fish:  If you want to go a little lighter, the fish sandwich is outstanding.  Again, lots for flavors that meld.  The fish says it is pan seared but looked like it was fried.  But not too greasy and not overcooked.. . All sandwiches are between 9 and 14 dollars and are ala carte.  So with two burgers and an order of fries, enough for my wife and I, total will come to about $30 including tax and tip.  While it might sound like a bit much for a burger, the flavors make it a bargain.. . On the drink menu is an impressive list of some of the best beers on the market.  Based on that, I imagine the Saki is good, too.  But I haven't tried either.  Either will add about $10 onto your bill.  I guess I'm a little too cheap to go the extra distance.. . So ingore all the BMW and Lexus machines out front and enjoy the food.
Ok, so i'm writing this update because they've got a couple new burgers that I absolutely must share... my newest love - the Miyagi-San.  Do it!  The furikake and fried egg should be more than enough to throw someone over the edge.  Delicious.. . The other favorites are a tie between the Shogun and Mr. Ho's burgers.  One is uber fancy w/ the foie gras and the other has a weird Hoisin Mayo and Taro Bun combo... interestingly tasty.. . As much as I LOVE this place... they do need to work on the dessert options.  The fruit tart was amazing when they had it (got discontinued).  Despite being almost always too full to order anything after my burger and truffle parm fries... sometimes I want something sweet.  Unfortunately, there aren't any decent options.  Please look into a Bachi Brick Toast (you know what I'm saying?!).  It's what you're missing!
I love there ronin and Kiki burger and the truffle fries AWesomE:)
My goodness! I got the Kiki's Burger and it was amazing. Theparmesan black truffle fries was so delicious that I ate the whole thing....really. And I ordered the calamansi lime soda to drink...very refreshing. I can't wait for the Summerlin location to open because that's only 5 mins away from my house. . . The service was friendly and all the servers worked together. I did have to wave them away because they wanted to ask questions and all I wanted to do was eat! Wonderful place to eat good and relax.
My cousin wanted to come here so I relented.  Interesting burgers and combinations.  We asked where they got the name "Bachi" since that means something not too good in Hawaii.  The answer?  It's short for Hibachi and it makes total sense.  . . They were kind of busy so we waited about 10 min for a table which was a good thing since we could study the menu in detail.  By the time we were seated, I knew what I wanted to eat.  . . Food took a while because someone in our party wanted their burger "well done!" - Yuck!  But they made it like they wanted.  Our server (forgot her name but she's from Waianae) gave us great information about the doneness and what she liked.  . . Needless to say our plates were clean after it was all over.  . . Going to try and come back again with my other friend.
One of the best burgers I've ever had.  Period.  Took my friend to it 3 days later.   Same experience.  Great burger.   Ordered the kiki burger w/o bacon both times.. . Its not fast food so don't expect to be in and out in 20 minutes.  Service was pretty good too.  Only critique would be that the chairs are not very comfortable - but overall a great meal.
BSET BURGERS WE EVER HAD!!! BAR NONE! tHE BLACK AND GREEN WAS EXCELLENT IF YOU LIKE BLUE CHEESE. tHE kiki WAS WHAT i ORDERED AND IT WAS VERY YUMMY BUT THE BLACK AND GREEN i LIKED MORE. We shared one order of sweet potato fries that were perfectly done. We made it a point to call the manager over to tell him just how much we loved our meal. GO and TRY
I love the unique twists this restaurant brings to burgers. I've tried almost 5 different choices now, and am thinking my favorite is the Spicy Miso burger. They are all so different, its hard to even describe to someone what they might like. I recommend you come here with a bunch of people and everyone takes a small slice of each burger :). . The french fries are awesome as well, nice and crispy with a few different flavor selections, all are good. . . Nice staff as well, always have had a pleasant experience here.
Awesome gourmet burger bar.. . I just ate lunch there and am in a food coma.  I had the Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, Salt & Pepper Garlic French Fries and a Dogfish Head 22oz My Antonia Pilsner.   Everything fit together perfectly.  The burger was perfectly cooked and tasted amazing.  The fries were crisp and covered in jalapenos and cilantro with hawaiin sea salt and had a chili dipping sauce that fit together perfectly.   The beer was the perfect accent to the meal as well.  You can always count on Dogfish head.  . . Overall this place was great, service was great and I will highly reccomend to anyone looking for a great burger experience.   The prices I feel are good for what your getting.  My entire meal was $30 and change.   . . Bachi Burger is not too be related at all with fast food, In & Out or anything of that nature.  When you come here you are getting the sushi of burgers.  Nothing is spared in the pursuit of perfection to get you to burger nirvana.
The miyagi burger was awesome, the black and green burger had a sweet flavor of deliciousness. Enjoyed some sweet potato fries and truffle parmesan fries with the burgers.  Definitely returning soon to try more burgers.
First meal of our short vegas trip.  Really good prepared asian fusion burgers.  I had the Kiki burger which was a sweet and spicy burger.  My wife had the kalbi burger.  Burgers are made perfect and very tasty and filling.  We also tried the truffle parmesan fries.  They make their own sodas as well.  Nice place south of the strip and airport and great hours open late.  Would do well in the bay area
Oh Bachi, not only have you snuck into my top 3 for best burger ever, you have quietly stolen my heart, one morsel at a time.. . Ordered the Black and Green and it was just absolutely perfect in so many ways. Succulent patty, mushrooms, spinach, bacon, and blue cheese... oh dear! Even though it was a little pricier than your average burger, it's substantial. And I doubt you'll leave here hungry. None of that Umani sliders masquerading as burgers stuff here. Also the shogun burger with eel and foie gras is mighty rich but fantastic as well! The meat and buns really make the burgers. I don't know what they do to the meat here but it's closer to a fine ground steak than your typical ground chuck.. . The fries are just fries, but I definitely am going to come back and try the oxtail chili cheese fries.. . And what?! There's a foie gras appetizer? I would have definitely order me some of that if I had seen the sign on the way in.. . Service is awesome and Mr. Ho is quite the gentleman.. . Goal is to try everything on the menu before 2012 is over.
Oh my goodness is this the best thing I've ever put in my mouth?! YES! I came here after reading other reviews and I have to say it blew my expectations out of the water.  I'm slowly working my way through the menu but my favorite so far is the Kiki burger.  What I like about Bachi is that they take a lot of very powerful flavors such as bacon or blue cheese and mix it with more delicate flavors of mushrooms or miso and you can taste every single ingredient and they compliment each other so beautifully.  It's a balance of flavors that few chefs are able to accomplish. The burgers are so moist it almost seems a shame to put the sauce they make for your specialized burger on but you must! It makes all the flavors pop.  Once you're done, you wish you had room in your stomach for more.  My usual appetizers are the peking duck buns or the pork belly buns.  You can't go wrong with either and they both are so tender and savory you'll be licking the plate it came on. My usual sides are the parmesan truffle fries.  I had the oxtail fries and they just didn't do it for me.  They were heavy and I felt they had this odd almost bitter taste to them.  They looked like chili cheese fries. . . The service is always excellent when I go there.  The servers are all nice and want you to have the best experience possible.  During my last visit there, I had a server who was just recently hired and wow! They train their staff well because she knew all of the menu items and she was personable and attentive.. . PS! I went there while they were filming the kitchen segment for Dinner's, Drive In's and Dives.  Although they weren't officially open, they were kind enough to allow my friends and I to order out.  I HOPE MY BURGER WAS ON THE SHOW!  Also, you better go there now before the episode airs in about 6 months because after that, you wont be able to get in the door.
The word bachi means to treat others how you would like to be treated in return.                                                                                            . That's sweet...but that's not why I came to Bachi! This is why I came:. . "Grilled to your desired temperature, our burgers are glazed and caramelized over an open flame using a proprietary soy, sake, and mirin-based marinade. The perfect crust is formed holding in a succulent specialized mix of ground Certified All-Natural Chuck and 21-day dry-aged ribeye"...GOOD GOD!. . Bachi Burger is located in a small strip mall on the south side of Vegas. Bachi is a decent sized joint with a chill, relaxing vibe. . . The menu is made up of burgers, steamed buns, sandwiches and salads, all made with Asian inspired ingredients. My honey, Eugine Y, recommended Bachi to me and boy, my baby boy was right; it was SO worth the drive.. . Since I don't make it to LV often, I went balls out at Bachi. This is what I ordered:. . Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu Burger- Chili mayo, fried egg, Furikake, caramelized bacon, & crispy onion rings http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=V5kPRRaoHF6UCdwU-3-XWg                . . Mr. Ho's Burger- Angus beef & pork patty, green onions, cilantro ginger, garlic, Hoisin Mayo, Lup Cheong, sauteed mushrooms, mizuna & a TARO Bun  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=aMy63-xKofPONtJqkZTVqg  . . Ronin Burger- Caramelized onions, Japanese Cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu BBQ & Yuzu citrus aioli http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=buuw6JhKpiwkp5ShWAqGqg . . Pork Belly Steamed Buns- Pork Belly, cilantro scallions, radish, boiled egg, Chinese black vinaigrette & five spice Hoisin BBQ sauce http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=dbB6j3SqnngaPORSemc2yw       . . Truffle Parmesan Fries- Parmesan reggiano, black truffle porcini cream http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=EI77DnK2YetftJkN_EnR0A. . Dipping Sauces- Sun dried tomato aioli, pineapple ketchup, Yuzu citrus aioli & garlic chili aioli http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=dzbNYbrAZdjErCp-T5F8kw. . Portuguese Donuts- Coffee ice cream http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=u4J7iFwsi2cqeHtoxfcCcg. . Watermelon Milk Tea http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=M7ZF6_JdMOdCoDxqZnpfkA. . We started with the pork belly buns and fries, both were amazing. The PB was so juicy and fatty and the steamed buns were perfect. The fries, because of all toppings, had an awesome taste. The dipping sauces were all tasty too. But the burgers.. oh their burgers were unlike any burger I've ever tasted. My taste buds were in a state of euphoric shock. The intense flavors made me smile from ear to ear. I can't begin to describe how phenomenal each burger was. The patties themselves were so juicy and each had a glaze on them that tasted fabulous. And the toppings... so good, so fresh.  The donuts for dessert were great and their watermelon milk tea was easily one the best milk teas I've ever had. . . Prices here are great. Everything was surprisingly reasonably priced. The service was great as well. Each employee we spoke to loved to talk about their food and told us all about how things are made and so on. . . Seriously, if I lived in LV I would be a regular here. I know I only visited Bachi once but I'm so ready to call it my all time favorite burger joint. It was amazing. Please, if you like burgers check it out. It's worth leaving the strip for. TRUST
Bachi Burger has become somewhat of a tradition for us. Every trip to Vegas includes a visit to Bachi Burger. The burgers are delicious and very affordable. On this particular trip I had:. . Miyagi-San Burger -- This probably my favorite burger here. Wagyu grass feed beef, topped with a friend eggs, onion rings, and caramelized bacon. It also has a wonderful sweet glaze on the patty. Delicious!!. . Kiki's Burger -- Also a great burger! I was trying to eat something a little healthier so a friend and I did halfsies on the Kiki and the Myagi-San. The Kiki is topped with caramelized ones and an array of mushrooms.. . Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries -- These chili cheese fries are great. Oxtail chili served a top fries with Cheese, fried egg and jalapenos. These are always so yummy, but probably not too healthy to eat too often. Our table shared one order, but I can definitely eat the entire thing myself.. . Now for the best part of my review (drum roll please)............... . After having spoke to the owner it turns out Bachi Burger is coming to LA!!! I was very excited to hear this. My friends and I have been talking about how great it would be if Bachi were closer. Expect them to open up sometime in the fall. I can't wait! I better start buying my pants one size larger, because I'm going to need them. =P
If you have the ability to make it off the strip and haven't injested enough beef products already to keep you steaming through the throngs of people - you NEED to make it to Bachi Burger!. . The storefront is very unassuming and you actaully enter in the back from what I can tell.  The service staff is super attentive and very cordial and the decor is somewhat minimalistic with the exception of two flatscreen tvs - although each was playing either the Food Network or Cooking Channel - brilliant.. . On to the food - by the name, burgers are the fare of choice - but Bachi has so much more to offer outside of the main entrees:. . The pork belly steamed buns...YUM...melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness.  The pork is super tender and the rice-buns are sticky/gooey hold the roof of you mouth.  The hoisin BBQ dipping sauce is tangy and thick and a perfect compliment to the pork and the egg and the bun.. . Sweet Potato fries - killer.  Probably the best I have had anywhere.  The Yuzu Citrus Aioli is a decent compliment.  (We found that the sauce that came with a burger was a better choice).. . Burgers - Both we delicious and had the makings of an outstanding burger (depsite not being beef).  The Bachi fish is what drew me in - whew, what a burger!  The crab cake burger was outstanding.  Patty was thick and teaming with seafood and the sauce (ordered on the side) is what we used primarilly for dipping the sweet potato fries...even our server was surprised at that and said she would try it.. . The homemade soda was a hit too - zinging with taste but a refreshing break from the typical coke/pepsi routine.. . If we hadn't come for lunch, I may be inclined to try for an evening meal to try some of the sake.....just saying.. . Go here!
I remember driving by this joint a couple times before it opened and noticed the interesting name. Fortunately, that is enough incentive to get me to stop by.. . This place definitely falls under the whole gourmet burger food trend that has come has popped up in the past couple years. I guess one could describe it as a Asian-American fusion restaurant. Most of their dishes have obvious Asian influences, from wasabi mayo, kim-chi toppings, to Japanese style BBQ sauce.. . Each item is served ala-carte, burgers (which range from $8-$13, with one or two premium ones in the $20+ range) do not come with fries though I definitely think ordering them is worth it.. . The first time I went, I ordered a Kiki burger ($12)along with the Truffle fries ($3). The burger was excellent. The caramelized bacon melted in my mouth, and the unique lemon aioli that accompanies the burger really brought out some of the flavors of the meat. The fries were also good, thin cut fries topped with some a truffle reduction sauce. I would recommend sharing as a single order of fries is sufficient for two.. . Bachi also offers traditional fare for less adventurous eaters. One can order a simple BBQ burger, or build their own from an assortment of their toppings. I recommend a tleast trying one of their specialties. . . Lastly, the service was acceptable and the decor was minimalist. There are no booths in the restaurant, just tables which can seat 2 or 4. The idea of 'less is more' definitely works here as the restaurant does not seemed clutter at all. Instead, it comes off as stylish with their chilewich placemats and rotating artwork displayed on the walls. The server came around frequently enough to refill our drinks and ask if we needed anything else.. . If your into burgers, I definitely recommend stopping by.
One of my favorite burger places to go to! And a new location is going to open up in Summerlin (Fort Apache & Sahara)!. . My favorite thing to get here is the bunh-mi burger. Tastes just like the vietnamese sandwich but in burger form! How'd they do it?! Anyway, last night I finally tried something new, the shogun burger..so flavorful and messy! But so good I could not help but feel the $25 I paid for the burger was kind of expensive for the 2 mins it took to inhale the burger in. Anyway, per usual i never order a burger without the truffle fries!  Last night, the server accidentally threw away my fries when I asked to have them in a take out box. Without any complaints they made me a new batch to take home! Service has changed a lot in the last few months, they are definitely very very attentive to their customers now... I swear there was a server asking how the burger was or how we were doing every 5 mins.
it is a great local place to eat. exceptional food, fair in price, great presentation, friendly, professional servers,  they always take the time to check  how your experience is during your visit. A MUST TRY
If you love burgers with a nice little twist, this is the place! The first time I came here, I loved it so much, I had it the next day. Never been disappointed with the food or service here.. . I have tried practically every burger on their menu and this is my top 3. . 1. Miyagi-san/ Spicy Miso. 2. Kiki. 3. Ronin. . You must try, the truffle fries and ox tail fries (with extra egg!), oh and the sweet potato fries also!. . For all my out of town foodies that visit me, I always take them here and they are never disappointed and you won't be either! Make sure you come to BACHI BURGER
I love this place! The burgers are so inventive and delicious. The fries are excellent as well. The other places don't even compare. If you want a great burger with a new twist you have to eat here.. . The only draw back is that they are so fat away, but they are in the process of a Summerlin location that is a few blocks away from me. As soon as it opens Bachi Burger will be a weekly stop!
Bachi's is a rediscovered secret. What was once a great burger joint is now a superb burger joint. Wifey and I starting to come here more frequently. Why? Flavor!!!!  Casual and friendly enough to make you wanna return...we do!
Burgers do not get any better than this.  From the outstanding service, to the magnificent creations, Bachi burger is one of those rare establishments that will leave you speechless.  I had a customized Wagyu beef burger, and the Salt & Pepper Garlic french fries.  The dessert was fabulous (Portuguese donuts?), along with even the homemade soda beverages.  Bachi has raised the bar on gourmet burger joints, and I look forward to returning.
Saved up, starved all day and ride or not, Monkey walk for miles to get the . . BLACK & GREEN BURGER - Australian Grass Fed Wagyu Beef, sauteed mushrooms, spinach, bacon, blue cheese & roasted garlic  . TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES, rounded out with . ASAHI SELECT AMBER LAGER made it a great afternoon.  . . Perfect timing around 3pm between busy periods, Monkey seated right away and next to an outlet to recharge phone.  Very friendly staff checked several times to make sure all is well.  . . Monkey wished had more room for TARO BOBA or PORTUGUESE DOUGHNUTS.  Next time.  Just going to have to make due with the take out... . . RONIN BURGER made with WAGYU BEEF - Caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu bbq yuzu citrus aioli...  . . The most delicious, beautiful burgers(that don't rely on cheese for flavor) Monkey's ever had.
Restaurant was full house so I've waited 15 mins befor getting seated. Everyone works for the place was super nice and friendly. I actually didn't feel like it had been 15 mins. Our waitress, Melissa, welcomed my group with big warm smile and explained menu items in detail since we let her know it was our first visit. We probably waited more than 20 mins for our food. However, its well WORTH the wait!! After my first bite of spicy miso burger, it made me want to sing at the table... yes it was just that good!! Angus beef was cooked perfectly. The medium cooked patty was very juicy and tender. I enjoyed the balance flavors between Japanese shishito peppers, egg and Angus beef. My salivary glands kick in overdrive when I tried to picture that burger and write this review. I also sampled Kiki's burger and Bachi house salad. They both tasted pretty awesome. I liked my Spicy Miso burger better. I was pretty impressed with their house salad. It came with pretty good portion and had mixed greens, avocado, walnuts and yuzu orange vinaigrette in it. This place has truely won 5 stars in my Yelp book with its mouthwatering food, friendly price and supreme customer services. I will be back very soon to try Shogun Burger (wagyu beef, unagi, pan seared miso foie gras, poached Asian pear, yuzu butter and yamamomo peach)
This place is awesome! They are super friendly, great service and the food is super tasty. Try the homemade sodas..sooo good!
For day two of my friends' bachelor/bachelorette Vegas extravaganza we went to Bachi Burger for lunch.. . Menu:. - Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries ($11.50). - Salt and Pepper Garlic French Fries ($4.00). - Truffle Parmesan Fries ($4.00). - Shogun Burger ($25.00). - Kalbi Burger ($9.00). - Kiki's Burger ($10.00). - Ronin Burger ($10.00). - Portuguese Donuts with Coffee Gelato. - Mandarin Orange Tangerine Soda. - The Katsushiro. . Our party of 11 arrived around 1:30pm on a Monday. The restaurant was about half full, but there was no space large enough for our group. We waited about 20-30 minutes before a table was cleared. Since we had to wait for a table we already knew what we wanted to order when we were sat.. . Our server was pretty nice and relatively attentive. . . The Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries with garlic aioli and fried egg was delicious! The chili was pretty tasty and I loved the fresh cilantro and jalapeno slices the fries were garnished with. The portion is pretty big so sharing this is a good idea. The other fries were also pretty good, nothing particularly outstanding, but good enough.. . I decided to go with the Kalibi Burger (Angus beef, kalbi marinade, house made kimchi, green onions, and ko chu jang mayo) because I love Korean food and Korean flavors. This burger was delicious. I asked for my burger medium, and while it was a little more of a medium rare, it was well seasoned and juicy. The house made kimchi was pretty good and the ko chu jang mayo was tasty, too. The burger also came with a little side of kimchi style cucumbers, which were delicious. I would totally get this again.. . Two of my friends decided to go with the Shogun Burger (Waygu beef, unagi, poached asian pear, pan seared foie gras, miso butter, yamamomo peach). This was delicious, and it better be for $25. All the flavors married really well together and made this burger really tasty. Both who ordered it were very satisfied. I had a bite of the Ronin Burger (Angus beef, caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu BBQ, yuzu citrus aioli), which was pretty tasty, as was Kiki's Burger (Angus beef, sauteed shiitake, enoki and eryngi mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese, garlic chili aioli), which was also pretty tasty.. . For dessert we ordered the Portuguese Donuts with Coffee Gelato after seeing a picture of it posted at the entrance of the restaurant. I think it looked better in the picture than it tasted. The donuts were a little doughy and dense. I liked the coffee gelato, but I mean, it was coffee gelato. . . The Mandarin Orange Tangerine Soda was pretty tasty. The Katsushiro (alcoholic) was also pretty good, according to the bachelorette. . . Overall, I thought Bachi Burger was pretty tasty. I'd definitely come back here for a burger.
Listen up folks, yelp exists for a reason.  See all those 3.5 star reviews for all the overpriced restaurants on the strip.  You know the ones that don't live up to and are more expensive than the original locations in New York and Los Angeles.  The ones that don't really care about how good the food is, because the celebrity chef whose name is on the marquee is at least an entire desert and mountain range away.  Those famous name places in the hotels, they care as much about return customers as those slot machines do.  They both know that as soon as they take your money, the next stooge is going to sit down in that same seat.. . Bachi Burger belongs on the strip.  It so good and different that it should be featured in the Bellagio or the Wynn, but you aren't going to find it there.  You are going to find it tucked away in a hard to see corner of a strip mall south of the airport.  This gem who MUST expand to other locations, is a concept from Chef Lorin Watada, who has worked for Roy's for many years.  The fusion of Asian flavors and burgers are so perfect together, I have no idea why nobody else has really come up with an entire menu of it before.  Sure you sometimes see a Teriyaki burger on a menu, but this is a completely different level.. . We started off with Peking Style Duck Steamed Buns.  While not listed as an appetizer, they are like 3 mini sliders, so good for sharing.  The buns were nice and sticky and folded taco style around a slice of sweet duck breast, cilantro, slice of egg, thin slice of radish, scallions, black Chinese vinaigrette, and hosin BBQ sauce.  While they were a good starting point, never order them in place of a Burger! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas#3zjM4SbAXTNr8cRrcyHDeg. . I split two burgers with my brother.  Both were so good, we couldn't decide which one we liked better.  First was the Ronin Burger.  7oz of Angus beef topped with caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, a fried egg, miso goma dressing, and katsu BBQ sauce.  On the side was yuzu citrus aioli.  I also had them add Gruyere cheese.  The burger was cooked a perfect medium rare.  It was nice and pink.  The juices of the burger and the katsu BBQ sauce went so perfectly together I couldn't distinguish them as separate entities anymore.  The Japanese cabbage slaw had a nice crunchy sweet vinegar flavor to offset the texture of the burger.  I'm usually not a huge fan of a fried egg on my burger, but this just seemed so right.  So many times, burger joints throw on a fried egg for "shock value".  Somehow on this burger it was tastefully done to enhance the burger.  The miso goma sauce was on the slaw side of the bun.  The sweet rice wine/ sesame flavor worked perfectly with the slaw.  At this point my taste buds were just singing.  How could you need more flavor?  What was this yuzu citrus aioli about?   I added some of it just on one bite, and  found that the burger really didn't need it at all.  In fact that was the opinion I had about every side of sauce served with each item.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas#8s5ab8tv_OI9keGxjmPErw. . The second burger may have been even better!  More unique in flavor for sure.  The Banh-Mi Burger.  Ok, brace yourselves.  The patty is made up of...ground angus beef, pork, shrimp, pork pate, lemongrass, and plenty of other herbs and spices.   It was topped with pickled carrots & radish, cilantro, curry aioli, and lettuce.  The nuoc mam dipping sauce (fish sauce with lime, garlic, vinegar, etc..) was served in a large bowl on the side.  Plenty of room to dip your burger in the bowl.  But once I did that, I felt the strong sauce covered up the wonderful flavor of the burger.  Again we had it medium rare and the juices were everywhere.  For those that complain that the burgers are too juicy and the bun can get soggy....Eat it faster!!!  I actually thought the bun held up well.  A burger that tastes this good, isn't going to last long on my plate.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas#ETcasvkOZaGaNUM3ZVIoQA. . A burger isn't complete without some fries.  We had the Truffle Parmesan Fries, which were enough to share.  This isn't your usual truffle oil just poured on the fries, it's black truffle porcini cream.  WOW it was great, but not very much of it.  I wonder if you can get extra of it on your fries if you are willing to pay more.  The fries were perfectly cooked and sliced thin.  Topped with a small amount of slightly melted parmesan cheese.  Really after you got past the the top layer of fries, there wasn't much topping left, so share nicely everyone!   We stayed away from the Sun Dried Tomato Aioli dipping sauce as the flavor overpowered a much superior flavor of the fries.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas#z7-52AroniBC5F63yI0D4A. . Nothing left to say other than GO NOW!
Hands down the best burger in Vegas. The bread was super soft and the meat was melt in your mouth delicious!! Don't wait go now.
This has to be my favorite burger place ever.  such  an awesome mix between asian and american culture.  Some of these burgers are to die for, and don't get me started on the parmesian fries!!
Great place to get a different flavor burger.  Love the asian flavors.  Came here with my gf, server was nice, friendly, and provide details about which burgers we should get.  Fries were very nicely decorated and tasted wonderful, but a bit overpriced.  I'm seeing that they opened a second location in Summerlin.  . . Place was very clean and parking is easy.
Everything i tasted was excellent!  Can't wait to go back!
Tired of your Traditional Burgers?! This place will awaken your palate with all their tasteful, unique, gourmet flavors. The burgers I've tried are scrumptious and are very appealing. It comes out looking exactly like what you would see in an ad. I LOVE fries and the Truffle Parmesan Fries are Heavenly!! . . If your open to Asian Fusion, check this place out!. . My Favorites:. Ronin Burger. Kalbi Burger. Truffle Parmesan Fries. The Crusty Crab
OMG I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Best burgers ever! Super juicy and the fries are also amazing! It was me and my boyfriends first time there and were planning to come again..at least once every month or something. Service was awesome and the servers knew their stuff when it came to the taste, the look and everything. Trust me..go and check this place out! Oh and they serve more than burgers and fries if you guys wanna know.
OMG!!!. . Thank you Yelpers for this AWESOME Discovery!!! The food is EXCELLENT!!!. I enjoyed this place so much that I came twice in 3 days. Great food, Great service and pay attention to the photography/paintings on the wall. The artist is great!. By the time you get a burger +frieds ( please share the fries - it's wayyyy too much for one person) & a drink - your looking at around $20 - Completely worth it! . . Please come to Los Angeles!!! We could use a place like yours here!
Bachi burger never fails to disappoint. I always get the Kano burger with fried egg. Pretty much any of the burgers with fried egg is always good. I still have yet to try a burger there that I didn't like.
Bachi is an amazing find in Vegas. I am disappointed that I haven't tried it sooner! I went with a big group of people and they sat us very quickly. The ambiance in the restaurant is great. They have instrumental music on loop and the interior design is very simple, and modern. . . There were many different choices that sounded very appealing to me, but I decided to go with Kiki's Burger and the Truffle Parmesan Fries. The Burger had an intense amount of flavor that my mouth definitely wasn't prepared for! The mix of fresh greens, mushrooms, bacon, onions, cheese and the garlic chili aioli was so flavorful that it left me wanting more and more after every bite. The Truffle Parmesan fries was definitely  a work of perfection.. . Overall my first experience at Bachi was great. I would definitely come back to eat here again. I still have many, many more burgers that I want to try.
Good stuff! I remember coming here years ago and trying the Ronin burger. That was one of the best burgers I've ever had. Everything here tends to be on the sweet side, but it's not a bad thing. This time I had the regular fries with pineapple ketchup, the Bachi pickles, the No Meat Here Burger, and some dessert with poached pears, gelato, and a crepe. Everything was AWESOME. Great flavor in every dish. The service was lacking a little considering the restaurant was nearly empty. I can tell the server was trying his best though because he was the only one in the restaurant really doing anything. It seemed like he was the only one running the floor with his busser only walking around in circles filling waters. This place is opened late, which is great. Yes, lame rhyming scheme.
Bachi Burger, I love you!  Fusion restaurant at its best!. . We ordered:. . Peking Duck Steamed Buns - meat was a little dry but the hoisin sauce made it tasty. . Belly Pork Steamed Buns - Really good Belly Pork and the hoisin sauce went well with it. . Endamame - it's your basic endmame - probably needed salt. . Oxtail Chili Fries OMG! - the best thing that ever crossed my mouth!  The wonderful oxtail stewed meat combined with the chilli beans draped over a mountain of fries with cheese.  So delicious.  Have to go back.. . Next time, will try their burgers for sure.
I finally returned and I am glad that I did. The off putting smell of eggs upon entering is no longer there. The service was extremely attentive and efficient. We were seated immediately and our drinks came out quickly. The server was pleasant and professional. I ordered the Spicy Miso Burger and we shared the oxtail chili cheese fries appetizer. We cleaned our plates! The burger was so much better than I remember, and it appears that some positive changes were implemented since my last visit over six months ago. Another great local business to add back to my list of neighborhood favorites!
We were in Vegas on business with a group of five. We ate here twice and the food and service were the best! When we come back in town, we wil visit here again! Try the sauces. They are great.
Kiki burger was out of this world great...really!  I consider myself a hamburger connoisseur and Bachi was top notch!  Plus they freshly ground their beef so it's totally safe to actually get a burger RARE - my favorite!
First time here , but the first impression is always the lasting one.  I ordered the Kalbi burger and some salt & pepper fries.  The burger was perfect.  The fries were amazing. I'm definitely coming back.
Its soooo good! Had the kiki's burger, it was delicious, unlike anything I've ever had. The salt and pepper garlic fries were so flavorful.
I would love to post a detailed, coherent and eloquent review for this place.  All I can really say is that it was amazing.  I went with a few friends on Friday.  We had a short wait for a table for 5, nothing unexpected.  I got the Kalbi burger and it was the most amazing burger that I've ever eaten.  Everyone else loved their burger (with the exception of the guy who got the Mr Ho's burger; he said it was pretty darn good, but didn't rave to the same extent as the rest of us.)  Our group was in town for 3 days, and we thought about going back on Saturday and even thought about trying to go back for lunch on Sunday before our flights.  It's that good.
If you are looking for a standard burger, be warned, you will not find it here; the burgers here are upscale and Asian-fusion inspired.  This place is also a bit small, so get here early because it fills up quick.  The service here was great, and the food was even better - the pork buns we had for an appetizer were outstanding; as good or better than I've had elsewhere in Vegas.  The burger (I had the Miyagi-san) was great, although if I got it again I would leave off the fried egg. The salt & pepper garlic fries were amazing, as was garlic chili aioli that came with them (I could put that on cardboard and still enjoy it) - and just a note, the fries are big enough to share between two people.. . You can tell Bachi Burger went out of their way to be a little different, and they have succeed, and impressively done it without being cheesy. If you're looking to spice up you're typical burger, you can't go wrong with Bachi Burger.
I just wanted to say one thing.... The best darn burger I ever had. I drove from LA just to have this burger. YES, I am crazy. Especially after reading a review from this anal retentive Collene. . . I am a chef, and I used to own a restaurant before the economic crash. Kitchens get busy, especially all at once seating on a busy lunch. I support you guys. If you had the time to sit there and watch your clock, 12:45, 12:52, 12:56 then pre order your food. It's a busy place, small and cozy, and yes you'll wait. Its the name of the game. . . If you wanted it fast, go to McDonalds next time. I'm sure you'll walk in at 12:30, and be out 12:32. This is a gourmet burger, and the best in the west.. Great job you guys!!!. Keep up the awesome burger!. . I'll drive back soon to see you guys. Its well worth it.
I have heard and read so many reviews about this place that I finally decided to check it out for myself. Just walking into the place, it smelled so appetizing that I couldn't wait to start eating. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful with choosing the things off the menu because this is definitely not what you would call a typical burger joint. We started off with the Thai iced tea and then ordered the Miyagi-sans Grass Fed Wagyu burger and the Truffle Parmesan fries. The food did take a while to come out but that is because everything is prepared fresh. The burger consisted of chili mayo, fried egg, crispy onion rings and caramelized onions. It was so big that I could barely try to take a bite out of it. The wagyu was so tender, that it just melted in my mouth. There was so much flavor in the burger that each bite put a smile on my face. There is no certain way to describe the truffle parmesan fries with the dipping sauce except that it was like a party in my mouth. The fries are drizzled with black truffle porcini cream and grated parmesan. All the food is very reasonably priced and I wish I had room to try some of their dessert. I can't wait to go back and try the different burgers and desserts on the menu. I'm not even a huge burger fan but I am in love with this place!
I rarely give places a five start... but it is well deserved at this place.  The burgers are unique and fresh, fresh, fresh!  I went here twice in the few days I was in Las Vegas.  I have read on some reviews that the service is slow... it's a busy place!  You can tell they take their time in prepping their food so that makes it slower, which is fine with me since I wasn't there for a "fast food" type burger.. . In the two trips I had there I had a couple of burgers that were beef/pork combinations and they were fantastic!. . Don't leave the place without trying the pork belly steamsbuns as an appetizer or you have missed a real treat.. . This is a place I would be a regular at working my way down every item on the menu.
Me and the husband came on a Saturday night around a little past 10. It was not very busy only 3 tables. We got seated and the husband ordered for us. We decided not to get the Yelp offer of BOGO beer, because we just wanted to enjoy the meal.. . My husband ordered the Ronin, Kiki burger and a side of Garlic salt & pepper french fries. We drank water. But I noticed the drink list has grown, also they have a good selection of alcoholic beverages. . . As we engaged into small talk about the menu, decor, and his opinion of the place...out came our burgers, not long after we got our fries. I the presentation of the burger and fries are done nicely.. . We decided to half our burgers so, we both could taste each others burger. I loved the flavor of both burgers and fries are very fresh. The server made sure our glasses of water never we're empty. By the way, the server was an older Asian male and with his accent sounded like he was Vietnamese or Thai. I always seem to get them confused. . . Anyways, we definitely will be back because we want to try the rest of the menu. The big plus is that it is open late. My husband and I really like the flavor of the burgers, I had no complaints with the service nor the atmosphere.
We walked in JUST IN TIME!!!  We slid home and came in SAFE!!!. . The GM was telling customers that they only had 8 buns left and if they could go to the Summerlin location.  He closed the restaurant just after 7:30PM on a Sunday and they usually close at 2AM.  You know the food is good if people are willing to wait, eat the burger without a bun or drive to Summerlin for the burger!  We had seen this place on Triple D and thought it would be OK.  Boy, we were wrong!  The food was delicious and fresh.. . My wife got the KiKi burger and it was out of this world.  She still raves about the sweet bun that the burger is served on.  I built my own burger with the standard issue angus beef, bacon, lettuce, tomato, onions and blue cheese.  The burger was so juicy and had a sweet after taste from the meat and bun.  We also ordered the sweet potato fries and the parmesan cheese fries because they were out of oxtail fries.  The parm fries are homemade and come with a little bit of gravy drizzled over them, salt, parm cheese, and parsley.  I could not get enough of these fries.  The sweet potato fries where OK but my wife loved them.. . All in all, I can see why people were willing to drive to Summerlin or get a burger without a bun.  For the restaurant being out of buns and oxtail fries, I would definitely come back.
Wow!!! Saw this place on Diners Drive-Ins & Dives and I knew I had to hit it up when I was in Vegas. Started with Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. They were absolutely incredible. The meat was super tender and slightly more sweet than beef. Cooked perfectly. I had the Spicy Miso Burger for main course, cooked medium rare. It is the best burger I've ever had at a restaurant. Cooked nice and juicy and seasoning was just on point. They also had a very cool beer selection of a lot of imported japanese ones you can't find anywhere else. It sells itself as a asian-fusion burger spot and it does not disappoint. . . Remembering the food makes me want to jump in my car and go right now for a burger. Hands down the place to go for a burger. AMAZING!
Rolled into Vegas 6-28 for our monthly run to Sin City...after seeing Bachi Burger featured on "Diners , Drive in's & Dives" I had to give it a try. It was Literally 110 degrees when we went inside , so first off Thank YOU Bachi Burger for jacking up the AC to stop us from melting!! From researching the menu , we knew what we wanted right away. I had the Banh Mi Burger , and my wife had the Kiki's Burger..we wanted to get the Oxtail chili Fries but the order is HUGE so the waitress suggested we order the regular fries with a side order of the Oxtail Chili (only $2 and perfect) ..Being a big fan of Banh Mi the Banh mi Bachi burger was outstanding!!!...Beef , pork and shrimp made into a burger patty , pork pate , curry aioli , nuoc mam sauce and the pickled carrots , onions and Jalapeno slices...this burger had everything. All the different flavors yet not too complicated...DELICIOUS!!the bun was probably the best burger bun I have ever had. I have been bragging about this burger for the past 6 days...The Kiki's Burger was also amazing , with eryongi , enoki and shittake mushrooms , bacon , sweet onion marmalade gruyere cheese and garlic chili aioli !! WOW!!! My wife would have been thrilled to have gone back there for dinner the same night. The oxtail chili was spicy , sweet and layered with gooey cheese (which is always a good thing) we dipped our fries in it and it didnt take long for us to polish that off. Great Asian flavors all around with a comforting atmosphere , excellent service and good prices. We have already decided to make this an every trip stop so we can try the whole menu.....Love it  , love it ,  love it!!  Hands down down the best "non traditional" burger we have ever had.........
My wife and I saw this place on Diners, drive ins and dives and so on our trip to Vegas we stopped by and tried their burger.  We tried two different ones and they were both great.  Very different as they claim it to have an Asian fusion.  We also tried the Oxtail chili cheese fries and it was awsome.  We were there on a sunday and we had to wait about 45 minutes to be seated.
The best Burger I ever had was from Bachi Burger.  I got the Wagyu build it yourself burger, and it was fantastic.  I have never had such good meat in a burger before.  You know how sometimes you go to a burger place and you get a bacon cheese burger and the bacon flavor just disappears into the over all meatiness of the burger?   Here it was like you could taste each flavor note individually and together at the same time.  I don't know how they did that but it was amazing.. . We also had the oxtail chili cheese fries and the truffle fries.  I thought they were great but a friend I was with is really a truffle snob and his comment was that the truffle flavor really comes out in the oil that they put on the fries.  . . Another friend had the pork buns and commented on how amazing they were as well.  The Miyagi-San burger also came highly recommended in out group.  We finished up the dinner with the donuts which were like huge donut holes covered in cinnamon and sugar with some coffee ice cream on the side.  Again the entire meal was amazing.. . The only draw back to the place is that it was recently on Diners Drive in and Dives and there was a bit of a wait because of that.  But they are certainly keeping the quality of the food up even though they are now busier than ever.
I love Bachi! I've been a fan since they first opened and since have taken many friends and family to dine there. The food is always delish and on point. I will say their service is hit or miss. Regardless, I'm a foodie and go there for the food, so I give them an A+.
The Shogun burger is the best thing I've ever ate!! I love Foie grais and eel, its a perfect combination.  I would love to try the other burgers on the menu but I can't help it, I must get the Shogun everytime.
I come here often since my first visit. Always get the burger medium rare for great texture and flavor(s).. . Best burger place I have been to in terms of the quality of the beef. Their sauces really hype of the flavor and quality of their angus beef. . . Appetizers:. . Garlic, Truffle Edamame. Holy edamame! These are jam packed with flavor. These damn soy beans just make me want to stop at the appetizers.. . Sweet Potato Fries. I think the fries come out perfect in terms of having flavor in EACH french fry. The sauce is great too.. . Entrees:. . The Ronin Burger is absolutely amazing! I love the fried egg on top as the yolk breaks during the first bite.. . The Spicy Miso Burger makes me want to drool as I am writing this review. It continues to make an individual bite into its soft, delicious warm center. The sauce makes it even better because it is so unique that I can't figure out how to duplicate it.. . Their Bachi Burger is also GREAT if you want to just have a plain burger and taste their wonderful angus beef patty.. . Every individual in Las Vegas has to try this place!!!
Excellent burgers! Is a family favorite. one of the few places that I can take my picky teens two and both love the food. The staff is wonderful and service is always good. Ignore the low raters, they are haters. You will love this place.
I have to stop here on my Vegas trips.. I seriously cannot turn down a burger from Bachi.. I'm never disappointed with what I order from here!. . It's definitely a great place to get a fusion gourmet burger that tastes and looks so good.. . The Kiki's is my favorite and their garlic fries with jalapeno slices are great for sharing!. . The burgers start at around $9, but they're SO worth it if you're in town.
I couldn't wait to try this place after seeing it on Triple D.  My family is new to Vegas and we haven't found any restaurants that we really enjoy their food & atmosphere. This place is fabulous.  My husband, two kids & I went early on a Saturday afternoon, thinking we would beat the crowd.  Apparently everyone else had the same idea because this place was packed.  We waited about 20 minutes for a table and about another 20 for our food.  The waiter kept apologizing for the wait. We actually didn't mind the wait, if we wanted a 'fast' burger we would have gone to Burger King.  We both had the Bahn Mi burger & the ox tail fries and they tasted great.  We will definitely be returning.
Seems like we were at Bachi Burger around the same time as Dave.  We were told the wait time would be about 25 minutes, but was actually closer to15. The atmosphere was comfortable, the numerous servers were pleasant and attentive.  Our food was delicious, it arrived promptly, and hot.. Three new "fans" from SB
I have visited Bachi burger 20+ times and always get cravings for it. There is not 1 thing on the menu that is not 5*s. I strongly suggest the Oxtail Chili Cheese fries, the Bachi Caesar, Kiki burger, or the Ronin burger.
I'm drooling as I am writing this review..... . I went here last weekend and I must say, probably the best burger I've tried:. . The following items I tried:. . Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries:. . Warning, this item requires more than 2 people to finish if you are also eating a burger. Me and my buddy made a mistake in chowing this down first. A few points, its absolutely delicious, the chili tasted great, theres a friend egg on top and some cilantro, and some sort of mayonaisse based sauce. The fries were crispy, just wonderful, but yeah just make sure there's 3-4 of you to share, or you'll fall asleep after eating this. . . Pork Belly Buns:. These bun taco type psuedo-sandwiches are popular nowadays. (I've tried the one at momofuku in NYC, so that was the benchmark). Tasted very good, not at the momofuku level, but very well prepared. The pork belly was well flavored, tender and the dryness of the sliced egg really balanced the sweetness and fat of the pork belly.  The portion is a little small but these really should be appetizers.. . Ronin Burger. . Probably the best burger you will try, the meat can be either angus or wagyu (similar to Kobe Beef) if you have the wallet. Honestly you can't go wrong either way because the meat quality is excellent. I asked for Medium Rare and it came back closer to the rare end, which is perfect. It is literally steak tartarte in the center. Well flavored, can't say enough great things. The bun was like Hawaiian sweet rolls (Taiwanese bread).. . Only downside is, with all the money they are making they should invest in a better ventilation system, cause all the smoke from the kitchen made it difficult to see the other end of the restaurant, but all in all a must visit. I'm coming back next time im in Vegas.
After hearing about this place for about a month, I finally had the chance to try the burgers. The kalbi burger was solid. The marinade was good and the burger was flavorful. I wish the kimchi were spicier, but it was great nonetheless. I also had the pepper and salt fries. These were also seasoned well. . . Bachi burger makes some great fusion burgers for a reasonable price. I highly recommend it.
This place is way cool. Except, the day I was there the AC was on the fritz. Delicious food, awesome burgers, great fresh fries, cool unusual drinks and great teamwork of service all make Bachi a great local success. Had truffle parm fries....WOW! Had Matcha iced tea...OMG! Gotta go! Selection and recipes of burgers are out of this world.
The best burger place there is. Visited back in march. I had Ox tail chili fries which have layers of flavor! I here that an Ox tail chili burger maybe in the works! For my burger I had the 4 mushroom burger, can't tell you what type of shrooms but the flavor was amazing! When I am back in Vegas I will be dropping by before the drive back to Southern Cal.
Food 5 Stars. Service 4 Stars. Atmosphere 3 Stars. . The food is outstanding. You can tell the Chef really takes notice of the quality and freshness the food by the way the food tastes. I like the limited menu because it's put together well and doesn't get distracted from the fundamental idea "Gourmet Burgers". The service is Okay only because its a small business that can't afford to fully staff the dining area when it gets really busy. Be patient with the service because it's a local business and it's impossible to hire enough people to work the rush on a Saturday night. . . All the employees really care about the customer so I'm always willing to overlook a few things for Great food and local businesses. . . Start with a Cheese burger and work your way around the menu over time. It's great food at a decent price.
Awesome burger place!!!! Had to check it out since all my friends said it was the bomb and OMG even my G/F was like its the best burger place she has eaten at. We ordered the chili fried chicken and it was surprisingly light for being fried. Sarah, ordered the ronin burger and i ordered the manga burger see pics. Also order honeydew boba which they make their boba from scratch. Can't wait to come back and try everything else.
Las Vegas is my hometown and I am there a few times a year to visit family. Bachi Burger was built during my last year in Vegas before I moved to Boston literally two minutes away from my house.. . Bachi has the best burgers I have ever tasted in my life. Hands down. I cannot find the words to describe them. I could search the volumes of Poe and Emerson and Twain and even their brilliance combined could not do poetic justice to this burger.. . I have since adopted a vegetarian lifestyle and this burger is one of the few meats I miss eating. I still insist on going to Bachi Burger every time I am home for a visit. Their salt and pepper fries (with huge chunks of garlic and jalapeno) and garlic aioli are delicious and I love to snack on them.. . If you like burgers, go have a bachi burger. If you don't like burgers, go anyway. It'll make you like burgers. . . Oh, and my favorite Bachi memory? I took my boyfriend there for the first time for lunch. He and I were still hanging out at 7 pm and I asked where he wanted to go for dinner. At his request we went back to Bachi Burger. . . While waiting to be seated a man walked in and asked us if we'd ever eaten there before. My boyfriend's response was, "Yeah, for lunch." The guy told us he had initially been at a restaurant down the street and asked the hostess there if Bachi was any good. She told him it was ok, but he decided to take our word for it.
This story begins when my 8 year old cousin arrived with his family tonight. The plan was to go out for dinner, then hit the Strip. He wanted to eat a burger. The first thing that came to mind was In-N-Out. But then a nagging in the back of my mind crept in: I had never been to Bachi Burger before. When I suggested this place, my uncle immediately jumped in and said that he had heard of it on the Interwebs and really wanted to try it. Still, my cousin insisted on having his animal style burger. As we pulled out of the driveway, he somehow relented and agreed to save In-N-Out for another day. And so we went to Bachi Burger.. . But it was a Saturday night, and that means... long wait times. In fact, the hostess mentioned that it was usually much longer than the 35-40 minutes that she quoted. I can believe that. So about half an hour passed, maybe even 35 minutes as she had suggested, before my name was finally called. We sat down. We read the menu. We ordered.. . And then another 20 minutes elapsed, with lots of grumblings from both my cousin and his mom.. . So, close to an hour elapsed while we starving people waited for our burgers. The fries didn't even come early. In retrospect, I suppose that was because they weren't an appetizer per se. These had better be some really good burgers.. . Well, they really were that good, and even more. My Ronin Burger, with all the ingredients that you can read on the menu, some of which I couldn't comprehend (okay, look, it's only two of them, and I haven't eaten quality Japanese food enough to appreciate miso goma and katsu for what they bring to the table), was heavenly. I wisely went for medium-rare,which was really juicy, and I learned the hard way from trying my uncle's Kiki's Burger that well-done is too dry. Meanwhile, the sweetness of my burger was just a spectacular layer on top of the savory patty. Well, at least until I added the yuzu aioli. The citrus element that it adds really completes the burger even though you might not know it was otherwise incomplete.. . The truffle parmesan fries were also excellent. I only wish that the truffle-infused cream could somehow be distributed a little more evenly throughout the fries, but that might cause some texture issues. My uncle didn't think that the sun dried tomato aioli was right for the fries - too salty, he said - but I did. That aioli was also somehow perfect for the carrot sticks that my cousin so kindly gifted me. None of the other aiolis worked that well. I had inadvertently hacked myself a winning combination.. . By the way, the semi-impatient mom enjoyed her pork belly steamed buns. I didn't get to try it, but I imagine that pork belly is a winner in the hands of whoever designed the other wonderful menu items.. . To end the ideal night, we went home instead of hitting the Strip. They were all tired from the long drive. I'm not quite sure that my cousin was convinced that In-N-Out is inferior, but at least he seemed to be satiated. And I got to watch some Olympics on my TV (it was also airing at Bachi Burger, by the way). And while I watched our nation's athletes, I dreamt about the next time that I would get to taste a wonderful delight from the restaurant responsible for the best burgers ever. (Please don't try to correct me on that statement. Just let me live in my fantasy world so that I don't have to travel the world or pay an even higher price for some other declared-best burger. Thanks!)
We tried Bachi Burger long before Triple DDD showed up in Las Vegas to ruin our hidden gem.  By ruin, I mean spread the word and make us wait for tables because of the crowds.  This last trip to Bachi was amazing despite the fact Vegas was going thru a major heatwave and the AC could not cool the restaurant properly.. Salad was fresh, fries were amazing, burger and bun were fresh and delicious.  The crabcake burger was decent but I wouldnt recommend a crabcake burger at a "burger" joint.  Staff was slightly overwhelmed because their computers crashed and they had to run cards by hand for people not paying cash but all were friendly and communicated the challenges to their customers.  Hopefully they expand to create more space and less of a wait.  Anyone who visits needs to order the Myiagi (sp?) burger.  Insanely fabulous.
If this review is simply about the burger then it's simply 5 stars. No question is that one of the best burgers I've ever had. I didn't know what to expect but everything about it was perfect and fantastic. I asked for medium rare- they nailed it. I wanted juicy- I got it. I wanted good- I got fantastic. . . I ordered the ronin burger: Ronin Burger, which is Angus Beef, Caramelized Onions, Japanese Cole Slaw, Miso Goma Dressing, Fried Egg, Katsu BBQ, and Yuzu Citrus Aioli (and a sweet Hawaiian style bun). Weird? Maybe. Does it matter? No. It was awesome. Did I say that already? . . It's possible that I just nailed the perfect menu item. Seeing other reviews I would guess not really. . . We did have the parmesan fries- I could have done without. At least 7 beers listed on the menu were out of stock. That was a bit disappointing. And in terms of atmosphere, it's nothing special. It's great if you're getting a burger but not so much if you're looking for a nice night out. I would definitely come back here regardless of my intentions for the night! ;) And maybe the beer will be re-stocked by then!
My wife and I tried out this place when it first open.  I have to say, I am glad I waited awhile before I posted a review.  The first couple of times we went into the establishment we had horrible service.  Our first visit had us had us waiting over 45 minutes just to be asked what we wanted to drink!  My wife and I both felt it would be unfair to judge the place bast on customer service and not have tried their food, and I am glad we did.  The service had greatly improved ,and their burgers are excellent.  I have tried almost every burger on the menu without a negative experience.  Their sweet potato fries and truffle fires are amazing. Their sake is also very good and served in some rather interesting carafe styles..  The one down side to this place is that it can be expensive, and everything is A LA carte.  All in all this place is a good place for my wife and I do go with friends to have a good atmosphere and excellent food.
Hands down the best burger in Vegas!!! Well it's quite the drive off the strip, but it's worth it.. . Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries are one of those creations that are made to blow your minds away. You take one bite and your eyes will light up. You eat that oxtail and you can't even tell it is even ox. It just melts away in your mouth. If you saw all of us eating this dish you would think we were a pack of wild animals. In a blink of an eye it was all gone. It was just that good.. . I tried the Ronin and the Kiki's Burger and they were excellent! There is so much going on with each burger. Each one gives unique flavors in every bite. You get something sweet, something salty, bitter, citrus, soft, crunchy... savor every bite because once it is gone you'll be wanting more.. . My friends got the Shogun Burger and he wouldn't share it with anyone. It was worth $25 so I can understand why, but man I wish I had a chance to taste that perfect looking burger. Guess I know what to get when I come back.
If you saw this place on Triple D go ahead and go. It is as good as advertised. I annihilated my burger.  You know when you go somewhere good and you just stop talking once you bite into the food and don't stop until it is gone? That is Bachi Burger.. . I came from San Diego to get it. If you live in Arizona or California it is worth a day trip for any foodie.
A refreshing twist to burgers, thanks to Bachi Burger. I love their Ronin, SHOGUN and Kiki burgers. So juicy and tasty. The duck and pork belly banh mi are awesome. The truffle Parmesan fries are great.. . I'm glad they opened one in Summerlin but I'm crossing my fingers they'd open another location either in Aliante or the Strip.
Love their fries, burgers and sodas. Looooove the chili cheese fries made with oxtail meat. Looooove bachi fish sandwich - it's to die for!!!! The sauce is Soooooo good with the sweet bread. Also love their peach soda. I also had the mango, kilo, miyagi and ronin burgers., loved them all. Truffle fries and salt & pepper fries are good too. Haven't ordered anything that disappointed me. Oh also, I also liked the pork belly steamed bun. Seriously, what r u waiting for, go to bachi now. . Tip: avoid going on a weekend, the wait is usually an hour
Las Vegas is quickly becoming my favorite place to seek culinary gems. I have my favorite restaurants, and for the most part are long gone or back in OC/LA.. . Bachi Burger is unequivocably the unique hero of inexpensively priced gourmet comfort staples. Om Nom Nom.. . The lineup is primarily burgers but there are a few choices. If you go for the burger... EAT THE BURGER. Its very hard to not get ambushed by the interesting and attractive apertifs. Ox Tail Chili Cheese fries??? YES. Parmesan Jalapeno fries??? YES. Garlic Truffle fries??? YES. Pork Belly or Peking Duck Breast steamed Bao??? Oh god, yes. NO. MAKE A SPECIAL TRIP FOR THE SIDES. They are intriguing enough to stand for their own visit.. . Hands down favorite: The 3 Masters. Theres 3 burgers with WAGYU beef. Grass fed, massaged, bathed in buttermilk, living lives on 5star farms is very lush valleys around the world, these cows yield meat that can be in excess of $100/lb. The Miyagi San. Wagyu, applewood smoked bacon, tempura onion fried egg, furukake on a sweet hawaiian type roll. The Green/Black Wagyu, bacon, spinach, sauteed shitake, pt reyes blue cheese and carmelized sweet onions. The Shogun. Wagyu, foie gras, unagi, poached asian pear, yamamono peach miso butter.. . Its good if you feel like youre dying (going to heaven) as you eat it. Steve Ks exact reaction was exactly that. He looked like he was having a stroke. Its that good. . . There will almost always be a wait. It will always be worth every second... And every penny. I still don't know where I can name has a more flavorful and inventive burger. Maybe Slaters 50/50... But their food never made me feel like Bachi does.
Saw this place from DDD and decided it had to be included for my diet cheats in Vegas. . Ordered the oxtail fries $11.5 Pretty good. All the guys loved it. It was something different to try. . . I ordered the Mr. Ho's burger $9.5 and the rest of my group ordered the Kikki burger $10 and 2 Manga burgers $11. Mr. Ho's burger was good, I assume intended to have a sweet and savory balance however I think mine was more too sweet. . . The bf got the Kikki burger which I really liked. He interpreted it to be like a mushroom swiss burger. If the gruyere cheese throws you then don't worry because I didn't taste it. It was yummy to me. . . My friend who ordered the Manga burger Loved it. He described it as melting in your mouth flavors. I had a bite but guess I didn't take a big enough one bc I didn't have the same reaction. The bf said the bite he had was good and tasted like a big chunk of crab mixed in. Overall I think a good choice but it was the special for the day when we went. . . One of our friends who wanted to try and maintain his diet ordered the Ahi tuna burger. He said it wasn't anything special. He had a better one in Austin. . I also ordered a side of the Parmesan truffle fries $4 but with the gravy on the side. Nothing spectacular. Just regular fries if you need a side with your burger. . . Overall, I will be going back to try the other burgers when I'm back in Vegas. Worth the trip to go off the strip for lunch. Also we went at about 11:30 and it wasn't packed but when we left about an hour later there was a long wait so we were glad we missed the lunch rush.
THIS PLACE WAS AMAZING. WHY ARENT YOU LOCATED IN CALIFORNIA?!?. . i simply do not have the money to travel back and forth from Cali to Vegas for every time i'm craving this. The first time i've had it was 5 days ago (and i've had a million cravings since.) . . KALBI BURGER -- you did me good.THIS WAS THE FIRST TIME I'VE EVER FINISHED A BURGER AT A RESTAURANT. if you like korean BBQ, and you like KIMCHI cucumbers, this burger is definitely for you. the bun was soft and fluffy which was enough to compliment the korean sesame seasoned beef patty. the side of kimchi cucumbers boosted the flavorful burger. it added a zesty smell which wasn't spicy, but very stimulating with E-V-E-R-Y singleeeeee bite. . . JUST FRIES WITH PINEAPPLE KETCHUP-  Y U TASTE SO GOOD? yet so simple. definitely worth trying. but they charge 50 cents for extra. the pineapple definitely enhanced the distinctive aroma of regular plan ol' ketchup. . . k. i can't type anymore, the more i think about how good this place was, the sooner i'll die from separation anxiety and depression.
My boyfriend & I saw this place on Diners, Drive-ins, & Dives & decided to try it. I was leery because it is a different combination of tastes, but I must say, bar-none, this was the BEST burger ever. A fantastic combination of flavors, juicy, fresh & hot! And the sauce they served with the burger was great! Highly recommend, one will not regret it!
I have to make a confession: Usually, when I visit Las Vegas, I never think to leave the Strip.. . I know, I know -- Vegas locals despise people like me.  I'm talking about people who routinely fail to acknowledge that, surrounding the much-ballyhooed Strip, there's actually a large, diverse, and happening city  -- a city with countless hidden culinary treasures.. . Bachi Burger is one of those treasures.  After Craig R. piqued my interest with his mouthwatering descriptions of Asian-inspired fusion burgers, I had to check it out.. . I dropped by here for lunch on a Saturday.  Bachi is located in a random strip mall on Windmill Lane (take the Blue Diamond Rd exit from the 15).  At ~11:30am, parking was a breeze and there were ample tables available.  I guess I should be thankful I missed the massive crowds that are known to congregate here.. . The interior isn't much to look at (very minimalist and clean), but Bachi is all about the food.  I enjoyed the Ronin burger, which was cooked to a perfect medium.  It was topped with a decadent fried egg, crunchy cole slaw, and tangy BBQ sauce.  However, what really elevated this burger were the caramelized onions, whose depth of flavor was extraordinary.  The burger came with a small ramekin of yuzu aioli, which was also delectable -- I would've licked the damn thing clean if people weren't looking.. . On the side, a had a bowl of their chili ginger edamame.  Let me say that this was the finest edamame that I've ever tasted.  Most edamame is overcooked into mush -- but not at Bachi.  Bachi's edamame is crunchy, fresh, and delicious.  The ginger was delightful, and the chili sauce provided a level of spice that was intense but not overpowering.. . Service was fantastic.  My server, Kelly, moved quickly and efficiently -- always making sure that I was happily taken care of.  Even the prices are fair, since you're not dealing with the up-charges that are more typical of Strip restaurants.. . I can't wait to try Bachi's delicious delights again.  I'm drooling just thinking about it.
I fell in love with the bachi burger across town. This one maintains my expectations. Clean place. Amazing food. Great service. Love the black and green burger and the kiki's burger. Yummy! The flavors just meld together perfectly!
Amazingly complex flavors. House sodas are fantastic. Service superb.
I cannot wait for them to open their West LA location!  This place was amazing!. . The Strawberry Lemonade was awesome and perfect on such a hot day. We loved our Salt and Pepper French Fries.  My burger, the Kalbi was amazing - I love the kalbi marinade and kimchi on a perfectly cooked burger with a soft bun. It was awesome and was promptly devoured.  Mr R ordered the Bahn Mi burger and loved it as well.. . I was a bit nervous about the service and the wait as I have seen other Yelpers who weren't so happy with the service - but we were very happy with BJ who took care of us and everyone else. There were always lots of employees (and management) around serving food, clearing plates, making sure everyone had what they needed.. . Hopefully I won't have to wait for my next Vegas trip to have a Bachi Burger and the West LA one will open soon!
I've never before had a burger and fries that I've had to excuse myself from the table and go to the bathroom to clean myself off after the foodgasm.
I first came here after finding out that it was going to be featured on Triple D. We wanted to check it out before it was unveiled to the world and then everyone would be flocking to it. Since then, I've gone back a bunch of times and every time the food has been delicious (It makes me sad to see that some yelpers had bad experiences 'cause I just can't imagine it).. . I've tried a variety of burgers and appetizers now. You really can't go wrong with anything you choose. The flavors are delectable, and it's all so unique. I would have to say my favorite burger is the Kalbi burger--I order it without kimchi though. Fabulous flavors from the meat to the sauce that they put on it. I've also had the Banh Mi Burger, the Ronin, and a couple more I can't recall right now. Again, I can't think of a single thing to complain about any of them. . . Everyone should try the oxtail chili cheese fries, though. I know the name can be intimidating to some who aren't adventurous in their food experiences, but it is so delicious! The meat part reminds me of bbq pulled pork, but it has a kick to it that makes it a little spicy. On top of thinly cut fries and a fried egg, this app is amazing. The fries, whichever way you get them, are good. Thin cut, so there's a bit of crunch to them. The other appetizer I've had was the Bachi Pickles. From my understanding, it changes almost day to day because it just depends on what vegetables the chef felt like pickling the night before. It was very different and interesting. I liked most of them, but I wouldn't say it's the dish for everyone.. . Almost every time I've gone, I've ordered the jasmine milk tea with boba to drink. It's so delicious. I wouldn't say the boba is amazing, but it's decent for a restaurant. I just love that milk tea. It's very floral, though, so I wouldn't recommend it to someone that doesn't like very flowery tasting tea.. . Finally, the servers have always been really nice. The wait time has gone up since it's aired on Triple D, of course, but it's never really that bad. It's almost a coin flip. I've gone on a regular Monday night and the place was packed; probably a 30-40 minute wait to be seated if memory serves me correctly. Then I've also gone on a Tuesday night and barely anyone was there, so it just depends on how lucky you are I suppose.
The best burger I have ever eaten..... . I ordered the Miyagi-san wagyu beef burger--chili mayo, bacon, egg, onion rings, and furikake.  It had a good soft bun which I like.  On paper, the burger sounded interesting, but in my mouth, it was amazing!  I recommend this burger to anyone that visits Bachi Burger.  You will not be disappointed.  Almost too good to be true considering the base ingredients involved, but all positivity here!. . Service was OK....  The server forget our drinks and didn't really provide informative responses to our questions on the menu items..... . But if you are in Vegas, this eatery is a must-visit!  I hear they are opening an LA location....
I heard about this place on the Food Network (DDD). I wanted to try the dishes that was featured on the show.. 1. The Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries was amazing, the best part was the fried egg on top. 2. Kiki's Burger, cooked medium was so juicy. 3. Pork Belly Steamed Buns, I was a lil disappointed. When I was watching the show Guy Fieri made the buns seem so yummy. There wasn't enough flavor for me.. . The customer service is excellent, took about 5 minutes to seat us and about 10 minutes for the food to come out. I will definitely come back here whenever I'm in Vegas.
Ever since Triple D came to this restaurant, I had been dying to go. Now that I have gone...IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT!!!. . -Oxtail chili cheese fries are excellent. The flavor is outrageous with all the different asian infused spices they use.. -The ronin burger was great. It was juicy and worth the money.. . Would I go back...HELL YEAH!!
YUM.. . I'm normally not a burger person- it's way too messy and greasy for me. For this place, I'd definitely make an exception.. . I split oxtail chili cheese fries and a Shogun burger.. Fries: 8/10- I wish there were more oxtail meat in the fries- it was tender, soft, and super freaking delicious. But regardless, the fries are crispy and delicious! Definitely much more chili than fries needed- a good and perfect amount.. Burger: 10/10- ahmigaweeddddddddddd how can I describe it- buttery, meaty, sweet, and oh so just AH DELICIOUS. I had only half the burger but I was pretty satisfied. I really can't just simply describe it- you HAVE to try it. It's deliciously amazing.. . Next time I go to Vegas, I'll definitely come back here. :D
Best burger ever... It's been over a month and I still think about ways to get back and have another one. Delicious!
Damn, what can I say about this place that hasn't already been said. . . I'm genuinely surprised to see this place pop up on the little thing that suggests which reviews I should write. I've been going to this place since it's soft opening and have been in love ever since. . . From the get go, Kiki's burger has been my favorite. I mean, anything with a fried egg is going to win my heart. But, recently they have had this manga burger which is soo good. It comes with the dynamite on it, which just add soo much flavor. The fries are good. The service is good. The drinks are good. Everything is just great. . . I'll never stop going here and I'll never stop recommending it to my friends. They have since opened a second location, which I have not been to. Hopefully it's just as great as the original.
AWWWSOME!. My husband and I tried Bachi back in August. We were at a basketball tournament and some teams decided to eat here. It was crowded to say the least! We waited a while but soon as we got seated, service was quick and very pleasant. . Since this was our first time here, the waiter patiently answered all our questions. The burgers are definitely flavorful. I was worried about all the different additions to the burgers but the flavors worked well together.. The parmesan fries delicious! And my favorite part was the dessert "Homemade pop tarts" . Usually i'm too full to eat dessert after a meal but this was a must!. . Can't wait for the West LA opening! Congrats to Bachi Burger and we will definitely be visiting  you in Vegas each time we go!
Great staff, yummy burgers. Not a place to go to if you're in a rush, there was a wait to be seated when I went.
In the early days of Bachi Burger....I honestly went here one too many times and got sick of the place, but I am so glad I went back this past weekend!  The menu is definitely expanded and refined compared to their early days.  Eatworthy items included the oxtail chili cheese fries.....think chili cheese fries dolled up with oxtail chunks, jalapenos, and then a sunny side egg on top.  It was a thing of beauty when it arrived at the table....I was almost reluctant to break the egg and mix it into the chili.  For those afraid of eating eggs slightly raw.....once the egg is broken, the hot chili cheese cooks the egg yolk into the chili cheese sauce...so don't worry ;)   We shared it amongst four and it was definitely just enough without over indulging.  Onto the burgers, they have many new burgers compared to when I frequented this place last.  The Miyagi-san grass fed beef burger I think was made with me in mind, since it included all my favorite ingredients: chili mayo, furikake, bacon, crispy onion rings, AND my favorite fried egg!  Other burgers, I've enjoyed in the past...but not as much as the Miyagi-san is the Kiki burger and for a little less beef action....the fish burger is quite tasty as well.  If we hadn't chose the oxtail fries...the truffle fries are a delicious alternative as well.  The service is just as slow as it was before....but I give the wait time to the fact that the burgers come out and look and taste of quality preparations.  And I still love the bun concept they have...instead of regular old buns...they have what is similar to the Chinese baked barbecue pork buns with a little sweet glaze...yum so soft and fluffy.
If I were a cow and were to be slaughtered, I wish my delicious body would be brought here, for I know I would be taken care of with the utmost delicacy and cooked to perfection.. . The way I discovered Bachi Burger was by my friends bringing me back a fifth of a burger while I was in vegas.  I was already full from eating at a buffet so I didn't go with them but when I tried their left overs, I took a mental note that I had to go back one day.. . Fast forward 3 months later, I came here with Ellie, my brother, and his girlfriend and I was amazed at the taste of the burgers.  We went for a late lunch, around 4pm and we were seated immediately.. . I must admit, the environment of the place was a little too dim for my taste and there was quite a bit of a smokey atmosphere but I'll try not to sweat the small stuff.  . . Our group ORDERED OXTAIL FRIES, a SHOGUN BURGER, and BBQ BACON BURGER.  . . The taste was extraordinary to say the least.  I really enjoyed the oxtail fries which was about $12. The entire group split it and my only wish was that there was more meat.. . My lady ordered the shogun burger which was a hefty $25 but it included what I believe was unagi.  She splithalf of her burger with another but she said it was well worth it.. . As for me, my BBQ BACON burger was exquisite.  I loved the bread and the meat was cooked perfectly.  It was tender, juicy, delicious and well put together.  I wish I knew what kind of bread they used because it was perhaps the best burger bread I've ever had.  It reminds me of the bread from in n out which never crumbles while you eat it and it had a somewhat shiny, buttery texture. My burger COST about $15.  I'm not usually one to eat gourmet type burgers but this was well worth it.. . For DESSERT, I ordered a strawberry tart with vanilla ice cream.  It was a solid dish but it didn't "wow" me like the burger did.  Next time I'll pass on it but all in all, I had a great experience.  This has my award for best burger (so far.). . You gotta go here!
Warning! service  sometimes dips and you have to  flag down your server, forgotten items,  too much time for apps.... FOOD IS GREAT !!! still tho..... . I had to write an email to owner on one occasion and he seemed genuinely concerned.. still go back for food with "meh" expectations for service.. Update .. Ate there a few more times and they stepped up their service tremendously!. . . REPEAT FOOD IS GREAT!!
Gourmet Fukuburger!!! Need I say more?! (only applicable if you've tried it i guess) . . ...ok read this: ASIAN FUSION BURGERS!!! i.e. the Ronin Burger consists of Carameled onions, Japanese cole slaw, Miso Dressing, a a friggen fried egg!!! (yes its ok to drool) I love anything with a fried egg on top! Which brings me to their Oxtail chili cheese fries, yes fried egg topper! Ridiculous! I love their bao sandwiches also! Steamed buns stuffed with BBQ pork belly inside! . . I haven't had anything here that i don't like, and i hope it stays that way! I'll keep coming back till i have everything on their menu! Thats a promise! Cheeee!!!
I have read many reviews and have seen the episode of Triple D of Bachi Burger.. . Knowing that I would be in LV I made it a point to stop and try out this place that is reviewed so highly! . . I ordered :. * Miyagi-San Burger which is a Grass Fed Wagyu Beef Burger. Topped off with a Fried Egg,Bacon,Crispy Onion Rings,Chili Mayo and Furikake..OMG! Holy Cow! This burger cooked perfectly medium as ordered, I must say  that this is the best burger I have ever eaten to date. The fried egg and ingredients work harmoniously to make it taste (In Hawaiian terms "SO Fricken ONO!!) . One more thing I judge my burger on is the drip test and yes it passed!. I could not put the burger back down on my plate.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=egDohkCNmDuiszwmvtmd1g#egDohkCNmDuiszwmvtmd1g. . *Caesar Salad: Good size portion, Baby Romaine,Slices of Avacado,Tomato and Chicken Breast was good and refreshing. The dressing not overpowering.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=egDohkCNmDuiszwmvtmd1g#pq1AGozTZIOeOKMIIIcWrQ. . *Garlic Salt & Pepper Fries: These fries spicy good! It came with slices of green pepper in it and the Garlic Chili Aioli sauce was really really good. (Note to self: ORDER YOUR OWN FRIES AND DON'T SHARE)  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=egDohkCNmDuiszwmvtmd1g#4-OT6yvqRkjOWerrRzxTMQ. . The Service was A+ . . For you  travelers coming from the Mccarran Rent-a-Car Center. bachi Burger is only 10minutes away.. . Web Site:  http://bachiburger.com/#menu-item-1002. . My LV Trip Bookmark #5
Yumm. I split the pork belly steamed buns and wagyu burger with one other. Both were delicious. Pork belly steamed buns were so unique and tasty. Wagyu burger was just a very well executed burger with tons of flavor. Parmesan truffle fries were good, not spectacular. Decent beer selection, though they were out of the one I wanted. Will definitely come back here next time I'm in LV.
FINALLY!!! After seeing this yummy burger spot featured so many times on Food Network & Cooking Channel shows I finally got to experience it...TWICE in one weekend! :D. . I wasn't planning on eating a "dirty" meal our first night we got to Vegas since I wanted to still look somewhat lean for the Olympia Expo (cuz everybody that attends that convention and show is just shredded to the max and I can't go in lookin' like a flabby chump) but I ended up fasting for over 22 hours and I needed a place to eat STAT! So I ended up here, at Bachi, alone since the SBBF had his own team dinner to attend.. . I didn't have to wait long to be seated even during their busiest dinner hour (7-8pm). Once I was seated I knew exactly what I wanted for my appetizer to start, the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries of course! I love the fact that the table of 6 seated right next to me ordered the same appetizer, but for their entire table. And I loved it even more when my fries came out and I literally devoured that ish like a BEAST and I could tell that party of 6 were either horrified watching, or completely entertained. As I was scarfing these fries down I could taste every bit of authentic flavor to this dish. OMFG! Seriously the best of the best chili cheese fries I've ever had! I love how crispy these fries were and the oxtail flavor was just orgasmic. The raw jalapenos mixed in with the garlic aioli was heavenly. And the final cherry on top to this dish, that fried egg...omg, as I broke into that egg and it seeped down through all the fries, I seriously was jizzing all up in my panties right then and there!. . Now onto the burger! I ordered the Miyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger which came with the most delicious beef patty, chili mayo, fried egg, furikake, caramelized bacon and crispy onion rings. The bun itself had the right crunch and chewiness to it. I enjoyed every bit of this burger. Thanks Kristi (my waitress) for the recommendation!. . **The following night...around 11:30pm we returned to Bachi! Technically, I returned here and just brought the SBBF along.**. . Appetizers: . 1) Truffle Parmesan Fries with parmesan reggiano, black truffle porcini cream slathered all over it with a sun dried tomato aioli as the dip. The fries were delish! That black truffle cream hit the spot for these fries. There's really no need to even dip into the aioli because I felt it took away from that black truffle flavor on the fries.. 2) Sweet Potato Fries dusted with sea salt and a yuzu citrus aioli for the dip. You can honestly never go wrong with sweet potato anything! These were bomb diggity, end of story.. . Burger:. I went for the Kalbi Burger this time with angus beef, kalbi marinade, green onions, house made KIM CHEE and a ko chu jang mayo. I think because of the fact that I'm a kim chee whore, this burger totally topped the burger I had the night before. OMG! Flavor was just amazeballs! And the pickled cucumbers that came on a little side dish was heavenly! Mmmmmmmm baby!. . I also ordered their hot Japanese matcha green tea both times I came here. You get free refills with their teas and it was delicious. . . Service is top notch here. They are very attentive and efficient. I'm definitely returning to Bachi the next time we're in Vegas. It's a f*ckin must I tell ya!
The chili fries ... freaking awesome place. I am craving this place ... might have to sneak over here for dinner again. This place is hip, trendy great service but most important ... the dam food is good! Not had a bad meal here yet.. If your craving for something different  ... try this place out.
Simply said, best burger in town, if not most towns.. . Sure, you have a wide assortment of different toppings you can choose from, and a bunch of different fries to pick from, which will make the adventurous among us very excited, but at the core, the marinated Wagyu patties are the best burger patty around.. . If that wasn't enough, great opening plates (try the bao, their steamed pork and duck buns) and some great desserts (the Portuguese donuts) to make it close to the perfect meal.. . If I could take away half a star I would.  The service is sometimes inattentive or 100% best service possible, but that is true of most places.
Went to Vegas this weekend. My brother seen this place featured on dives, diners and drive-in's. So we decided to try this place on our way in..... GLAD WE DID!!! The BEST burger we've ever had!! We also had fries, and onion rings.. VERY TASTY!! I'm super happy there will be a LA location opening soon!!
I'ma BIG Burger fan, just plain 'ol traditional Lettuce Tomato & Oinion kind of gal. I'm also a why fix it of it's not broke kind of Gal,  but I stepped out of my "burger box" AND GLAD I DID!!!! EVERY burger here is AMAZING!!!!
What a lucky day for me!  I was treated to the BEST hamburger I have EVER eaten!  Better than those wannabe places on the strip.  It's even better than mom's!  The quality is second to none.  The peanut butter shake to start was incredible!  Everything is made to order, so fast food it ain't, but it is GREAT food.  The fries with pineapple ketchup!  Grass Fed, Kobe, you name it!  I had the Myagi Burger...incredible!  grilled onions, BBQ sauce, a fried egg, cooked to perfection!  The only problems are, yes it's pricey, but if you value your health, it's worth it.  I just can't eat a burger anywhere else.  There's NOTHING that compares to this!  Sorry, I couldn't give you 6 stars!  I will be back!
Takes all the goodness of America, Japan, Taiwan and that other country that the US invaded and blends it into a burger form factor.   The buns on the hamburger (my waiter was a dude) are great.  they use the Taiwanese sticky buns or the peking duck Chinesey thingeys..   Best to ask them what to order vs telling them what you want.  If you're picky and like your own iterations of things.. just go to Burger King instead..
Ba-Zing!! Thing place is amazing. Great food and service! I love the kalbi burger! Kalbi beef with kimchi mmm!!  The burgers are so big you almost need 3 hands to hold it.
highly recommended to eat a burger. i bet everything is good... this was my first time but for sure will go back and try the rest in their menu. ronin burger was extraordinary... fries was great and the dipping sauce!
This place is fantastic!!!. Pork belly steam buns are not to be missed!!! . Green & Black burger was great!!! . 3-way Caramel Apple Tart is awesome!!!. I'll be back in January for CES and bringing friends!!!!
My wife took me there for lunch one day and I was blown away with the burger I had. The chill cheese fries are out the this world. OMF!!!!!
Hands down the best burger joint I've been to in Vegas. The service is always very friendly and on point. And the food..... AMAZING. So many interesting burgers to choose from and they're all tasty in their own unique ways. They also have a nice variety of delicious fries that come with their own specific dipping sauce. These people are burger geniuses.
Had heard this place was good and stumbled in for an impromptu early lunch this windy Saturday morning. Just the smell coming from the kitchen was enough to entice us! These were probably the best burgers we had other than homemade in a very long time. The combination of spices, sweet fish sauce, mushrooms, on the Kiki burger were perfect.  I loved the sweet, zesty flavor. We shared the two burgers and the other was the Black and Green burger. This burger had a total earthy, warm delicious flavor. What The buns were steamed and grilled to perfection. The burgers were a good size but not so overwhelmed with toppings that they were messy or difficult to eat. I would highly recommend this stop and according to the table next to us the Portuguese doughnuts were delicious for dessert!
Bachi Burger could very well be the best burger I have ever experienced.  With so many choices it is hard to compare, at the end of the day this place has everything. I took an employee of mine to lunch while working in Las Vegas to the highly reviewed Bachi Burger. We started with the Ox Tail fries, which months later are still very memorable. Then moved on to our burger choices, I got the Miyagi, it was a difficult choice as so many burgers looked delicious. Each and every bite was better than the last, I highly recommend. Not much on atmosphere, passable but they make up for it with their food. Make note I have only been to the Windmill location. We both agreed, best burger ever. . . It has been a few months since I have eaten there, but have sent numerous people never does Bachi disappoint.
Waited about an hour, and I say it was worth it.  We did have a party of 7, so it took longer for us to get seated.  We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries which were really good, and the fried egg on top was the kicker.. . I got the Miyagi burger, and a couple other people got the crabby patty.  Burgers and service were good.  Will definitely come back when we are in vegas again.
I love the urban and modern feel you get when you walk into the place. The entire menu is posted on a chalkboard on the wall inside. We were quickly greeted and seated by the host and our server was prompt about getting us some drinks. . . The drink menu was fantastic, but the highlight of the menu was seeing Asian fusion inspired cuisine brought to life through the item descriptions. . . We started off with the Pork Belly sliders. What a delight. Braised pork belly, pickled radish, and a hardboiled egg. Yeah, a hardboiled egg...I know. I thought weird at first until I bit into it. Then as I felt the creaminess from the yolk add in that layer of texture to the rest of the soft and plushy bun with the delicate tenderness of the pork belly and crunchiness from the radish slaw...pure bliss, really. . . Next came the chili cheese fries. So let me ask you, how do you make your chili better than anyone else's? Bachi Burger will tell you to add oxtail. And I couldn't agree more! Using oxtail added more depth and richness in flavor to the chili and had us all licking the bowl to sop up the rest of what was left. . . BUT, the highlight of the night was the Shogun burger. This is quite easily the best burger I've ever enjoyed...in all of the land. It's like a super burger consisting of: Waygu grass fed beef, poached Asian pears, pan seared foie gras, mixed greens and a miso butter, between a toasted bun. (What's that you ask?? Did you just read "foie gras" on a burger?? Why yes, yes you did.) . . All I could think about when eating my burger was, "Hello Bacon, meet your new challenger as Burger's best topping, Foie Gras. Your salty, crunchy smokiness may have just been surpassed by your opponent who offers salty, savory and buttery tenderness." . . The Shogun has certainly raised the bar on burgers, but low and behold, it comes with a price. It's a $25 burger, but it is worth every bite.
The ox tail French fries are to die for!!!
Came back to give it another shot.. . Ordered the same Miyagi Waygu, and this time they did cook it right.  Last time it wasn't done right, so maybe I caught them on an off day or something.. . Also tried the crusty crab, and it was pretty good.  A little extra crunchy and crispy than I would have wanted (We mistakenly thought it would be more crab cakey), but a solid choice if you aren't craving beef.. . Again, if you come here, you gotta try the Oxtail fries.  It is true oxtail, and super delicious and tender.. . This is the best Asian fusion style burger in town.. . We will be back again!
Wow, amazing! Came here with a group of girls and we pretty much ordered like 6 burgers and tried them all out. My fav was the banh mi, of course. . . I really like the casual and laid back atmosphere however was in a random part of town and in a strip mall. Inside, you feel like you could be in San Francisco or LA.
Thumbs Up!  A great selection of burgers - Ronin, Ho, Kiki, Kalbi, Banh-Mi, Miyagi-San and more.  Don't forget the delicious oxtail chili cheese fries!
Who you callin a Byatch! Bow down for your master! . . I read my first reviews of Bachi a while back and bookmarked it away for a Vegas trip.. . Thanks Dave G. and Craig R for enlightening me to the way of the Bachi Burger. My journey is now only 1/2 complete as this young grasshopper is ready to fly, again the voices of Dave & Craig come creeping into my mind. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=TECziqmB2XZ4E5psSvvKJw#TECziqmB2XZ4E5psSvvKJw. . You must first journey to the East. Search for the Windmill and the Bermuda, the masters told me and you will find the truth.  . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=qU4VbIgVxtgDi-E6M_KF-w#qU4VbIgVxtgDi-E6M_KF-w . . So grasshopper must learn new technique, to follow big nose. http://www.yelp.com/biz_user_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA/upload?upload_finished=1&successful%5B%5D=ArW1gUzvm7zPvs1ZuYsf9g. . As I drove up with my top down I could smell good things going on inside. . The masters again spoke to me. " Put up the ragtop or your rent a car will get stolen dummy"  https://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/photo/1PZEIhmTjSzNrMhMfWU6IQ/l.jpg. . Finally this journey must come to an end or is it a new beginning?. . FOOD:. Kiki's Burger ... Angus Beef, Sauteed Shiitake, Enoki & Eryngii Mushrooms, Caramelized Bacon, Sweet Onion Marmalade, Gruyere Cheese and Garlic Chili Aioli. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=cPIFhziwSrVw3V_b4mTs-Q&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. . Oxtail Chili Fries ... Oxtail chili with Garlic Aioli and a Fried Egg. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=-nVIFwtfBMzOLjjubXv4MA&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. . TASTE:  HELL YEA!. Kiki's Burger ... one hell of a bad boy, a large burger sportin an eartty mushroom taste like an ugly redheaded stepchild at an Irish fair. This was one great burger! A true 5*****Star . . Oxtail Chili Fries ... I've had oxtail spaghetti ragu, soup, pho and even a Jamacian oxtail jerk, but never had it as a chili base before. Its marrow/ gelatin rich flavor is an awesome boot in the pants to an otherwise plain beef chile. I reccomend this for anyone going to Vegas.. It kicks tail!. . My masters are calling me back to Anaheim. http://www.yelp.com/biz_user_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA/upload?upload_finished=1&successful%5B%5D=JqImqMytH8fVTrxRkv14mg. . SERVICE:   here is off the hook, you know they got a good thing going and make sure you do too. Clean, polite and willing to help you find the right food for your taste.. . I'll be back to try so many things that my stomach would not let me this time.. . I over heard that one is opening in LA sometime soon, Bachi Burgers, On Sawtelle in W. LA., Sign me up masters!
One word:. . Ridiculousness.. . I already knew Bachi Burger was amazing before their appearance on Triple D, but they really have outdone themselves with one of their newest burgers.. . But first! The appetizers!. . I had the oxtail chili cheese fries for the first time. The chili is sweet unlike the norm. And I liked the spicy mayo-like sauce that was drizzled with it. Lots of flavor and definitely filling. Make sure you share this one!. . I also had their pork belly steamed buns. A nice thick, tender piece of pork belly in every white, fluffy bun. The pork belly was melt-in-your-mouth amazing, but the sweet hoisin-like sauce was the best. I could drink that.. . Now onto the main attraction! I saw their Shogun burger written on their chalkboard of specials and I knew I had to have it. A burger made with a wagyu beef patty, foie gras, unagi, Asian pear and miso butter with a Yamamomo peach as a palette cleanser. . . They had me at foie gras.. . I come from Cali where the delicacy was recently banned, so I was all in with this burger!. . You start off with the Yamamomo peach which looks more like a piece of lychee. It's the sweetest piece of fruit you'll probably ever have. Good stuff.. . After you take one bite of the burger, you'll feel like eating it slowly so you can savor each bite. The saltiness from the foie gras enhances the sweetness of the pear and unagi. And there's also a hint of truffle oil on the top of the bun. The combination sounded weird at first, but all the flavors really work together. Probably the best burger I've EVER had, but it has a hefty price of $25... WORTH. EVERY. PENNY.. . If you love foie gras and burgers, you definitely have to try it. Share it with someone if you have to. Just make it work!. . By the way, there always seems to be a wait here, so don't starve yourself too much before you get there (like I did). You need to be awake to try this ridiculousness. . . I can't wait for them to open up their next location in Los Angeles!
The Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries is AWESOME! So much flavor and very filling. My husband and I decided to share a burger because we wanted to try so many appetizers. Nothing was disappointing. The chicken is fried pieces with a dipping sauce (if you are from Hawaii, similar to Mitzuken or Sugoi's). A must try is the the Pork Belly steamed buns. I was craving this on the plane ride home. We had to try the Shogun Burger, a $25.00 burger but it was soooo gooood! It has Foie Gras, Unagi and although that may not sound like it would be good together, it was GREAT!
Awesome!!
I have had just about everything on Bachi Burger's menu.. . I have been here more times than I have been to any other food establishment in Las Vegas.. . This is hands down my favorite place in Las Vegas to grab a burger. I will write a new extensive review for the westside location because now that it exists I don't have to travel so far for a damn good meal.. . BACHI BURGER IS HEAVEN.. EAT AND REJOICE.
Bachi burger is the BOMB! There are no words I can use to describe the flavor and complexity of their burgers. The flavor combos are mind blowing. I had the Ronin burger done medium and the wagyu patty just melted in my mouth. The oxtail chili fries were so neat and exciting. I can't wait for them to open in Santa Monica! Yay! If you're in Vegas you have to stop by and try this place. You won't be disappointed. Service was good and the restrooms smell like cotton candy (sounds unbelievable but true). Thank you Bachi burger
It is the BEST burger in town!  HANDS DOWN!  Pricey, but worth it!  The peanutbutter milkshake is out of ths world!  5 star quality every time!
My favorite new burger place in Vegas.  I had the Miyagi and my wife had the Ronin, both were fantastic.  The onion rings and parmesan fries were wonderful as well.  Service was good and our drinks were refilled promptly.  I will definitely be back!
So good it will make you want to slap your mother. This is by far my favorite place to get a burger in Las Vegas. The place has gotten so busy since they appeared on Food Network, but the quality is still high.. . Last time I was there I ordered pork belly steam buns and truffle parm fries. the Buns are nice and airy and the meat melts right in your mouth. They could of course be bigger for my tastes. The truffle fries are always just a great thing to order for your burger or if some of the appetizers scare you. They has a soft crispness to them and added with the sauce and ketchup they provide really give you a nice experience with them.. . Now I have had every burger that they make, but my favorite has to be the Kalbi burger. They marinate it in a nice paste which helps bring out the nice meaty flavor of the burger. The kimchi has a nice crunch and brings more depth to the burger as well.
Get the shogun burger.. sooooo good!
Been here several times and it just gets better. Not just the food,but the service. Place was packed, but Michael, the GM ran it like a well oiled machine. We both had the Ronin burger,Carmelized onions ,Japanese coleslaw,miso goma dressing,Katsura BBQ, topped with a fried egg, and yuzu citrus aioli on the side. Also sweet potatoe fries. Washed it down with a bottera Chardonnay . Can't wait to take friends and family
I've been here a few more times, so it's time to update my review.  They have such interesting combinations that we always order one of those instead of trying to make our own.  I haven't seen these combinations anywhere else.  I've tried the Miyagi-san and the crab cake burger.  Both were delicious!  My husband always gets the mushroom burger.  I really like the fries with cilantro and jalapeno; it really adds flavor to the fries.  The burgers are really big, so I can never order a shake with burger and fries because that's way too much food for me, but I tried my friend's peanut butter shake and it was really good!  The new Summerlin location is very convenient too!
Having experienced Japanese/American fusion burgers before (fist to chest bump with two fingers kissed in the sky for you B Man's) I still thought that the food at Bachi Burger was fresh, innovative and most importantly, delicious.  Bookending our first Vegas trip together, mi corazon was absolutely adamant that we stop by this restaurant on our way back to LA...  which made the 8 hour drive back home somewhat more palatable...  somewhat.  :T  More on that later.  . . And on a related note, I firmly think that the mindlessly reckless drivers that one invariably encounters on the long stretch of road between the IE and Las Vegas are terrible people...  and if they crash their cars in the median due to their utter stupidity, they should be left to their own devices.  . . With that said, Corazon immediately declared to all within earshot that she had decided on the Shogun burger.  I'd like to think that it was her sense of good taste and high breeding (after all, she is dating me!)  that led her to choose the delightful mix of American wagyu, unagi, foie gras and other accoutrements and not the fact that it was by far the most expensive item on the menu at $25.. . "25 Dollars!" I mentally screamed to myself in shock and awe at the price tag of the appropriately named "Shogun".  "Well, two can play at that game" I told myself as I prepared to use my most persuasive tone normally reserved for dealing with irrational minorities and sleazy car salesmen.. . Me:  "Hey sweetie, great choice on the Shogun.  I was thinking, I'm not really that hungry.  Maybe we should just share the burger and get an order of the oxtail fries.  I saw another table order them and they're so big."  *inwardly snickering at circumventing an astronomical bill*. . Corazon:  *small voice*  OK, we can do that...  but it's suuuuch a goood buuuurgerrrrr...  *heartfelt sigh along with sad eyes looking off into the distance a la Scarlett O'Hara in Gone with the Wind*. . Needless to say, dear readers, I ended up ordering a burger for myself and mi corazon happily partook in her Shogun burger.  To add further insult to the injury that I am a chumo that gets swayed by sad eyes and a cute face:  I would ask for nibbles of her delicious burger and she'd purposely put her fingers really high up on the bun, effectively funneling my bites between her delicate fingers at 15-20% of normal bite capacity.  In response, I angrily accused her of culinary stinginess, but she responded with a heartfelt denial coupled again with sad eyes, and I just gave up the ghost...  $85, dear readers, for a couple of burgers and fries.  Still, I'd like to think the look of sheer bliss on mi corazon's face was worth it.  . . To also take the sting out of the bill, I made sure to hoard 80% of the delicious oxtail/aoili topping on the fries, as well scarfing down my 1500 calorie burger and a tall 22 oz bottle of Dogfish Head Pilsner.  And as we walked back to the car, ready to make the 280 mile trip back to LA, I tapped her on the shoulder, broke out my saddest eyes and asked her, "Sweetie, I'm really tired.  Can you drive?" and hopped into the passenger seat and promptly fell asleep.. . Best $85 I ever spent.
Burgers with a little Asian kick to it is pretty awesome. I highly recommend the Kalbi burger! The service is also great, our waitress was nice and sweet
I've only been to this place once and I'm already hooked. Food is in one word, DELICIOUS. Meat in burgers is juicy and fries are cooked to perfection!
This review is a month late...been a little busy but wanted to make sure to plug this little burger joint in vegas as it was the best burger I could have imagined!  I admit, I saw them featured on the food network which was how I discovered them, and I proclaimed the next time I was in Vegas I would try them out.. . I did have to wait for an hour to get a seat, but oh man was it worth it!  I also ordered the truffle fries which were a delicious compliment...asian fusion is hard to understand, but if you like the flavors you will love this burger!  Anyone local who has tried The Counter in Irvine, I gotta say this burger trumps that and the prices are better as well!  Check them out!
Came here because of all the great reviews. Tried the Ox Tail Fries, the Mr. Ho burger, and the Miso Burger. Everything was really good. Everyone at my table thought that the Mr. Ho burger was the best. Would and will come back.
Saw this on the FOOD network and figured I give it a shot.. . It was as good as it was on TV.. . The pork belly buns were really good as was the Mister Miyagi. Skip the $25 duck liver burger. It was good but it wasn't as nearly good as the other burgers that were half the price.
So after all the hype has settled, I came in finally in search of a good burger...and I found it. Started it off with the Iced Macha Green Tea. Best non-sweetened green tea I have had!. Then Truffle Parmesan Fries. Great flavor, fries were crispy and it had a great sun dried tomato aioli dipping sauce. Just enough spice to it. If I have to be so critical, only thing I really didn't like was the Reggiano Parmesano, and yeah I know this cheese is the best that money can buy, and only true italian's make their sauce with that stuff. but I'd take a Pecorino, Asiago or even a sharp provolone any day over that stuff. But hey it's just cheese right. Then came out the burger. I had the KiKi's burger. 3 different mushrooms, gruyere cheese, sweet onion marmalade and a garlic chili aioli for dipping. Flavors were as good as it gets. Well made burger. The bun had a sweet taste to it. Which topped it off great with the rest of the flavors. It's going to be very hard to top this place.
Good food super nice staff.
I amnew to the Las Vegas area but I have to say this was a great intro to the burgers that can be found in the valley.  A friend wanted to go on a double date here and my husband and thought, "why not?"  I am so happy he suggested here! . . Oxtail chili fries ($14.50)- A definite must as an appetizer. It comes with a healthy portion of everything the names says it will as well as a sunny side up egg and slices of jalapenos on top. It is easy to share and a definite crowd pleaser. I am pretty sure that everyone at my table considered splitting another one.. . Spicy miso burger ($10)- This was my burger pick for the night. It came with a huge Angus beef patty, roasted garlic, cheese, peppers, onions, and a fried egg.  I was hoping for something spicy but it didn't matter, I really enjoyed this burger without the kick. It was full of flavor and cooked to perfection.  It is a little hard to eat cause of the size and sauces, so be sure to ask for some extra napkins.  . . I am sure I will be back in the future to try out their other burger creations. If you find yourself in the area and are craving a meaty treat this is the place.
After seeing this place on triple d I HAD to try it.. . First stop after a 6 hour bus ride? Bachi Burger, man they didn't disappoint. . . Started with the Oxtail chili fries. Incredible! Melt in our mouth oxtail meat chili over crisp fries, top with an over easy egg and freshly cut jalapenos. A little bit on the sweet side, but almost bought another one it was so good.. . For my burger I went with the Banh Mi Burger. Quite delicious. Thick beef and shrimp patty topped with Vietnamese Greens and pickled radish/carrot. There is also a Vietnamese dipping sauce which is quite nice. All served on an awesome toasted bun.. . My other friend got the Shogun Burger which could bepossibly the best burger of all time. Nice slice of foie gras, unagi, waygu patty, all on that same awesome toasted bun.. . You want to do Vegas right? Start at Bachi Burger, its a slam dunk!
Came here with a party of 9 on a Saturday night. Previous comments were unhappy on the service but I think the owner listened because we were served in the 30 minutes they told us. They even came out to tell us the previous table has paid and just needs to pack their leftovers.. . Food here was up to the hype. I am a big fan of burgers! I had their shogun burger, that's wagyu and unagi with seared foie gras... This burger melted in my mouth. I tasted the buttery foie gras and when I asked for medium, it came out medium so there was no hesitation there. The appetizers were good. I recommend the oxtail fries with an egg over. Truffle fries were good too but nothing extraordinary. . . This will be one of the spots I will come back to everytime I'm here. See you in June for sure!
I use to live a few blocks from here and when it came to burgers, I had choices from the strip, In-N-Out, and Steiner's.  I wasn't aware of Yelp at the time, so I took the advice from a friend to eat at Bachi and became a fan ever since.. . One thing about Bachi is the presentation.  Bachi goes out of the way to make a burger look so beautiful.  I have to admit that I've been here 5+ times and the Sahara location 10+ times in the last 2 years and have yet to try any of their actual burgers. I know, what's wrong with me right?  I guess it's because I love their Bachi Fish (Alaskan Cod), the Lonely Bird (Chicken/Turkey), the Oxtail Fries, and their Bachi Dog.  All are good, very rich due to their sauces, flavorful, and a little messy.  Out of everything I've tried here, their Bachi Fish has to be my favorite.. . Couple of side notes about Bachi in general.  Sometimes there's a wait to get your order and served.  Because of this, I rarely hit up Bachi on a weekend.  The Sahara location is bigger and faster in my opinion.  Also, the burgers are little pricey (most over $10). . . Overall, I am still giving Bachi 5 Stars even though I have not tried any of their actual burgers.  Based on the other reviews, they're good so don't let my review discourage you from trying them. However, allow my review to encourage you to try the Bachi Fish.  Both restaurants are clean, service always great, and I have never been disappointed with a Bachi visit.
I love this place! Normally I am not someone who really likes burgers or fries very much, but here I cannot get enough of them.  There garlic pepper fries have garlic sliced peppers and ginger, and a nice dipping sauce that has some kick.  There truffle parmesean fries are also amazing! What is nice is they aren't soggy or to thick.  My favorite burger is the kiki burger, but I have never had a burger I did not like there.  I will say the shogun burger, while being tasty, was not mind blowing enough for me to want to buy a 25 dollar burger again.  One thing to keep in mind is the burgers always have a sweet element to them, which I like, but my friend told me that even her burger with the blue cheese and garlic and such had this component to it.  She still really enjoyed it, but it could be that this component of their flavor profile is a bit redudant and overused in their burger dishes.  I greatly enjoy their boba milk teas, although way overpriced compared to other places.  I always get the jasmine. Their burger meat is grinded in house which add to the freshness, and allows them not have to cook it into submission, and their buns are super fresh too.  I will recommened that if you get a burger to not get it as a pick up, they are packed with saucy goodness and super juicy, which basically means on your ride home they will getting your bun super soggy.
I had the Ronin burger :))) This is the best burger that I ever ate! I am looking forward to go back to Vegas just for this burger.
This place is fantastic!  We came for lunch and of course there was a wait...We split the Kiki burger with garlic fries and of course, we had to try the onion rings...Delish!  The burger was cooked perfectly, juicy wagyu beef with mushrooms and cheese.  I can't wait to go back and try something else like the oxtail fries or pork buns!
Now that I've come back here since my first time about 4 times, it's time to change my review to 5 stars!  . . 1 star = again for Customer service; they're always so nice and accomodating here.  I love it!. . 2 stars = alone just for the Miyagi Son burger; best burger ever!  Caramelized bacon?  With an egg inside?  Come on, what's not to love!  . . 3 stars = for having pork belly and duck steam buns.  I love these things and I can come here to get them anytime I want? Score!. . 4 stars = for making my boyfriend want to try every burger on the menu until he's tried them all.  So far not one has disappointed him and he's had the Ronin, Mr Ho's, Miyagi Son, and the Black & Green.  He loved every bite of each!. . 5 stars = for having 3 kinds of edamame, and 3 kinds of french fries to try with the huge variety of different burgers on the menu.  Variety is key to any restaurant so that it keeps customers curious to come back and try more!. . Sorry Bachi Burger to have ever doubted you!  I'll be back to try the rest of the menu!  See you real soon!
First time here and I was blown away. The food was so delicious and juicy.. . We ordered the Myagi burger. It was huge enough to share. The patty was super juicy and breathtaking. Makes my mouth water when I think about it. Yummy!!! We also ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries...OMG never tasted anything like this before. The portions were good with lots of chili, cheese, jalapenos, and flavor. It's also topped with fried egg. Definitely a must try.. . I just found out they are opening a location in LA. Can't wait!!!. . Overall, I definitely recommend this place if you are ever in Vegas. You will not be disappointed...
Best Burger in Town!    Hands down!  5 star best you can get.  If you havent had a bachi burger, you havent EVER had a Burger.  Fusion Asian and Burger, prime cuts that sizzle and light up your mouth upon entry.   This is the explosion in your mouth you are looking for in food.  lol.   This is fusion as its meant to be, surprising and tasty with a new combination and flavors you weren't expecting.    I recommend the kalbi, ronin or the bachi burger, they will be the beggining of a new love affair with burgers and fries..the fries are insane!   $8-10 burger, that delivers.  5 Star stuff here, DO NOT MISS THIS ONE..locals, if you haven't been here.  Beat it on down the Line, ASAP!    5 Star Recoomended!   Real deal legit shizzy here kiddies...  Get some!
For this place nothing bad ever needs to be said about the food. Top notch service and extreme high quality food is found here. I have always had the bahn-mi burger and its by far the best tasting thing I have ever had. The oxtail chili cheese fries are the best anywhere. Also the truffle parmesan fries have this dipping sauce that defies logic, because this sauce is just too good to only have for the fries. . . Best times to eat here is right at opening at 11am. If you plan on eating here after 6pm on the weekends you can expect to wait at least an hour.
Bachi Burger is really burgerlicious! Be warned the amount of MSG is so freaking high it made me dizzy. well at least i assumed it was MSG.. not sure... I guess if your sensitive to MSG like myself you might end up on the floor.lol. But the two times ive been there i would feel it.. . My recent visit to bachi burger was during the busy dinner hours.. The waiters were all busy and it took forever to get just a drink order , and the waitress took forever to take our orders, but it's okay just make sure you are aware during the busy dinner hours you will have slow service.. This was fine with me because I was conducting a business transaction dinner... . For drinks I ordered the green tea, it was really a drink that quenched your thirst.  Add a pack of sweet n low for those of you who love your teas sweet... . For starters I ordered the Oxtail chili cheese fries. I highly suggest you trying this.. One of my favorite starters here... . For our burgers we ordered;. . The famous Miyagi burger medium on the meat. - This burger is topped with a sweet bun in the inside it came with friend breaded onions, egg, the burger sprinkled with furikake mix. SUPER BOMB!!!!. . I also had the the privileged to taste half of my associates burger he ordered the Kalbi burger which if i remembered consisted of lettuce and kimchi and kalbi burger. Really good as well but i still prefer the Miyagi over the kalbi burger.. . For french fries we ordered a side of truffled parmigian fries, which came with a special sauce. i highly recommend this as well.. . Even thou service was slow during dinner time i still give this place a 5 star, during lunch service is better. I'm not sure if it was my waitress at the time , that made the service slow.. but hey im not complaining, i still love this place! going again once a friend of mine arrives from hawaii! :)
I took a bite of the shogun burger and immediately my toes started throwing up gang signs. Yeah, that good.
as a las vegas local, this is a must go to place when I have visitors in town.  pork belly steamed buns are soooo delicious!
This place is so damn good! Obviously, you have to wait because they are pretty much always busy, but it's totally worth it. Small place, great atmosphere, and delicious food. Truffle Parmesan fries are a must have!
So good!. . Had the oxtail chili cheese fries and the black and green burger. Went with my boyfriend and split the food and got us both full. . . Thai tea was ok (not enough milk I think), but my bf got the mandarin orange tangerine soda and he thought it mixed well with our food. . . If you're looking to get a meal, you have to order it a la carte, but we got the burger and fries and drinks and it filled us up and we left very satisfied. . . Downside: It is kind of expensive, but we would definitely go back because it impressed us.
Holy crap, there went my diet.. . Came here pretty late on a Saturday and my friends and I destroyed three burgers, oxtail chili chese fries, and a normal fries with pineapple ketchup.. . I'd say the Miyagi-san was among the top three burgers I've ever had (I've had a LOT) - the bun, the meat, the toppings, they all worked really well together and dripped of both quality and creativity (and meat juices). I was only going to eat half, but couldn't resist finishing it because it was just that good.. . My friends had the blue and green burger and a custom one with avocado, cheddar, and bacon, both of which were reportedly very good as well.. . The oxtail chili cheese fries were also very good, though I have to admit I'm not as big a fan of chili on fries, but the garlic aioli really complimented it all very well. One thing that was quite surprising was the pineapple ketchup and how strong the pineapple flavor was and how well it went with the ketchup itself.. . Our service was spot on with everything explained very well and our orders completed quickly and accurately. I couldn't ask for much more.. . Prices seem quite fair to me for burgers of this quality, though I would not categorize it as an outstanding deal.. . Afterwards, I decided to further my tailspin into diet-failing by having the almond boba milk tea. It was actually really good, though certainly pricey in comparison to the typical boba price.. . I can tell I'm going to frequent this place more in the future. I'm not sure how I've managed to live here for almost a year and never really heard about this place!
Just go here and try one of their burgers, you will not be disappointed! . . We hit this on our way out of town based on my friend's recommendation and I am thankful we did. We shared a Kiki burger with an egg and truffle fries which were both bomb! Also ordered the pork belly slider which were damn good as well. . . As Samuel Jackson said, "Mmmhmm this is a tasty burger". . Can't wait for them to open up in LA!
Oh.  My. Goodness.  We heard about Bachi Burger on the show Triple D, and noted it, as we were about to head to Las Vegas.  We arrived a bit early and wondered if they were open for lunch as early as 11:30??  When we opened the door, we were pleased and surprised to find it PACKED!!  We were shown to a table, and studied the full, varied menu!  And we only had one opportunity to eat here on our trip! Shoot!. . Our waiter Blade was extremely helpful, and at his suggestion, we ordered two burgers and split them, so we could each try several.  We had the Ronin and the Miyagi-san, along with the terrific sweet potato fries.  . . OMG.  Seriously.  These were THE BEST BURGERS WE HAD EVER EATEN.  I was so sorry I could only eat one.  They both had the most amazing taste, they were moist, flavorful, and absolutely DELICIOUS!!!!  I cannot explain how amazing they were.  The fries were very good, too.  No doubt about it - whenever I will be back in Vegas, I WILL find a way to have a meal at Bachi Burger.  Have I mentioned they were AMAZING????. If you're in the area, you will NOT regret a visit to Bachi Burger.  Now if only they would put one in San Francisco!!
Oxtail chili cheese fries where so good and hamburger was excellent will be coming back soon
This place is amazing. I came for my birthday lunch on a Saturday with a party of 11, and we were seated in 40 mins. Quite a long wait, and I wish there was a reservation system, but I guess it makes sense for them not to have one. Also, I wish there was a birthday thing: I briefly glanced at their dessert menu, but didn't see a cake item or anything along those lines. And given that the waiters were being quirky about it being my birthday, it sort of made me feel like birthday people don't go there very often. . . Non-alcoholic beverages: I loved their custom sodas. Apple lychee is the best, the white peach one just tasted sugary (and not very peachy). Strawberry lemonade was also really good, none of that unpleasant tangy taste so common for lemonades. . . Burgers: I loved it and devoured it so fast, but I guess I would agree with the rest of my party. It was super greasy, and I don't know if this is what you would want for a day full of drinking. The grease+alcohol just wasn't a good combination. . . Fries: so good, both the chilli cheese ones and truffle fries. Note: the chili cheese fries is literally a plate of fries, definitely get it for 3-4 people to share (we had two plates for 12 people, along with 3 sides of truffle fries, and that was plenty)
This place exceeded my expectations. Awesome place, awesome burgers. I had the Kalbi Burger just recently and I'm dying to try every burger on the menu.
I would give it 6 stars if I can.  This is the most favorite burger I've experienced so far.  If you're visiting las Vegas, make sure you stop by.
Miyagi-San burger was just incredible.
Despite being an adult, my parents forced me to go to Vegas (I'm under 21 though so it's not fun...yet *wink wink*). However, I told them that they couldn't just do whatever they want when they got there, so I made them take me here.. . I ordered the Ronin Burger, my dad the Mr. Ho's Burger, and my mom the Kiki's Burger. My sister ordered a red velvet milkshake, and we also shared Truffle Parmesan Fries.. . As usual, my family and I have patience issues, but that's because we were super hungry. I believe I didn't eat all day prior to having my burger. Anyway, I had the opportunity to try everyone's burgers, and they were INCREDIBLE. Mine, especially. ;). The texture of my burger was wonderful; the caramelized onions sealed the deal. My sister's red velvet milkshake and the fries were also really good complements to my burger.. . I'm glad they're opening another location in LA in the near future, so I don't have to drive as far to get my Bachi Burger fix!. . Note: It's quite crowded so be prepared for that and the burgers are a little expensive, but it's so worth it!
Oxtail chilli cheese fries-10!. Ronin burger (medium)-10!. Even their coffee was amazing.  Very reminiscent of Flip Burger in Atlanta.  A boutique-y burger joint that really backs up their reputation as being one of the best burger restaurants in Vegas.  I love Bachi Burger!! :)
Seriously worth the wait! Best burger ever!
On the way out of Las Vegas we stopped by, since we were referred by other family members.  The wait was about 35 minutes, but we did have a party of 11.  I had the Green and Black burger made with Wagyu beef and some truffle fries.........absolutely amazing.  Price was about $14 for the burger and $4 for the fries, well worth it.  I highly recommend this place to anyone that thinks they have had a good burger before.
I had this place bookmark for a very long time! So when my friend told me she wanted to try out this place... we knew we has to add it into our places to go for her bday in vegas. . . We ended up making the drive out which wasn't too far from our hotel. We got seated pretty fast and was ready to order. . . My friend ordered oxtail chili cheese fries and i got the parmesan fries with miyagi burger. We also share the pork belly steamed buns. . . My burger was delicious! One of the best burger I ever had. I think its was the freshness of the ingredients and the bun they use that make this burger out of this world. The pork belly was melt in your mouth goodness but the fries was just okay. . . Overall... great place to check out if you're cravings for a burger!
Save room for Portuguese donuts with coffee gelato, perfect match hot Vietnamese coffee
Burgers will never seem the same after having a Bachi burger. The pickles and fries were special too. Joe provided great service and suggestions.The other servers were also attentive. Wish we had this place in Orlando!!  We'd definitely return.
I saw this featured on Diners, Drive ins and Dives from the food channel. The chef made oxtail chili cheese fries on the show. It looked SO good we ate here the next day. . . PROS:. ***Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries - sweet and smoky chili with shredded oxtail and beans, topped with a over easy fried egg. Break the yoke into the skinny fries and cheese and MAGIC! (enough for 2 or 3 people). . Kiki Burger - beef, sweet onion marmalade, chili mayo, bacon, sauteed enoki and shitake mushrooms (added a fried egg on the burger; $1.50 extra charge well worth it.) Medium rare (and that it was).. . Homemade blueberry "pop tart" with ice cream- two small but rich fresh blueberry pop tarts (square and surrounded with a soft thin pastry shell) on top of a smudge of fresh blueberry sauce and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.. . I'll be back. . . again and again.
There is nothing that compares to this place!  As a local, this is the #1 place I bring my out of town guests to and the consensus is the same every time: "Best burger in my life!"  I've had a chance to eat through at least 75% of the menu because everything is SO good I can't bring myself to repeat until I've tried them all.  You will never find a place that does burgers of this quality at this kind of price.  Shame on you if you're local and haven't been here...change that tonight!!  Go now!!!!
Everything is so good.  Everyone at our table ordered a different burger.  My favorite was the Kiki burger.  But don't miss the appetizers--the duck and pork steamed buns were amazing!
In fairness to the restaurants I haven't tried yet, I will not come out and say that this is the best burger in Vegas, but any of the selections here are some of the best I have had. Their beef mixture is very delicious and they can actually cook a burger medium to medium rare which is often a challenge for some reason at restaurants like this.  After some of the hype died down and the wait times weren't outrageous, Bachi Burger even became a place to get a reasonably quick meal as well.
so update, I was actually planning on going to the Summerlin location, but due to timing, my friend and I went to windmill again, that's because they close at 2am. Had the Ronin burger. Wow. that citrus aioli, is out of this world, japanese coleslaw was what made this burger in my opinion. My friend decided on the "no-meat-here" burger. I was kind of hesistant on trying it. Eggplant, tofu, red bean and a shitake mushroom patty. Ehhh. but it was surprisingly good, those ingredients went well together, I would have never ordered it for myself, but I am glad I tried it.
In search of the best burger I stumbled upon Bachi Burger. I was also prepping for a physique competition and this was my last cheat meal for the next 3 months so my expectations were high or letme say my hopes were high!!. . We took the bus from the strip and walked close to 2 miles after that. Ok now this better be good! . . Finally we arrive! Located in a newer building complex it didn't look like much. We were seated right away and told about the special of the day, fish tacos! . . I we decided to go for the Miso Burger and the Ronin Burger. We also ordered the pork belly steamed buns, fish tacos and sweet potato fries. Our burgers were cooked I perfection and were AMAZING!! One of the best burgers I have ever had. The fries were so good I ordered another helping along with another helping of the steam buns. These things are so unique an full of flavor. Reminded me of the pork belly sandwich I got at Burroughs Market in London. . . Now let's talk about the sauces they have for dipping! They have a hoisin sauce for the steam buns which was to die for and also they had a pineapple ketchup that I just wanted to swim in!!! Thy had a few other sauces that were amazing too and all fresh made!!!. . For dessert I ordered a chocolate peanutbutter shake. The waitress asked if I like chocolate or peanutbutter more? I said peanutbutter and all I can say is she took note!! So good!!. . This place will be an absolute much any time I visit Vegas. Definitely is now another reason I'm excited to return to LV!!!
All I can say is I cannot wait until they open one up in Los Angeles!! The food was incredible!! We were in Las Vegas about 2 weeks ago. I should've wrote the review then, but forgot.. When we got there, there was about a 20-25 min wait. So worth it!! We saw this place on Diners Drive-ins and Dives and had to come! Oh momma! We ordered the ox tail chilli cheese fries for starters. Holy shit, it was good! I had the Banh Mi burger which the patty was a mixture of angus beef, pork and shrimp. I didn't know how it was going to taste, but it was amazing.  I can't stop raving about the food to this day! If you go to Vegas, go out of your way off the strip and go to Bachi Burger. If you live in the LA area, I hear there will be one opening up on the westside. I couldn't wait for it to come here. Go there!!!
Pork belly on the steamed buns, Kalbi burger and oxtail chili cheese fries with a fried egg - feast of kings. If i had to choose my last meal on this earth, i would want to go to this place. What a gem to find in Vegas. Superb. Saw on food network and had to visit. Wish they had one in San Diego, CA.  Absolutely loved the food and experience. When back in Vegas, Bachi burger is a must have. Deserves 8 stars not 5. Above and beyond!!
This is the best burger place I have ever enjoyed!  Super delicious burgers! Try the brandy milkshake...its awesome!
Omg this by FAR my favorite Burger Place in Vegas....... The bun ALONE is to DIE for.  #lifechanginglunchspot
Wow wow wow!  Ronin burger + salt pepper fries = yum in your face!! Mmmmm!
5 Stars because for someone who rarely craves burgers, this place makes me want to crave them regularly. Glad they're opening one in L.A. . . Since going gluten/dairy free, burgers without a bun has been - eh, okay. . . However, my friend gave me the impression that this is one of the best go-to places in Vegas. I was hesitant at first because I was hoping for some good Thai, but my friend's enthusiasm got me suspicious -- could a burger place be that good that it warrants a visit by him and his family each time they're in Vegas??? So I acquiesced.... . I ordered the Miyagi-san without a bun (and I gave away my onion rings since they were battered) -- and boy, it was so yummo-licious I wanted to lick the plate. I ate every morsel, and since I didn't eat a bun, my stomach had room for garlic fries & their perfectly-lightly-sweetened plantation tea.. . My two complaints are:. . 1. They did not list their operating hours...we had to wait for them to open at 11am...seriously, this place needs to be 24/7!. . 2. Almost ruined my mood when the waitress told me the chef could not make my Shogun special with fois-grae without butter. =(. . Anyhoo, place that can make a bun-less burger taste the way it does has my vote, and a perfect blend of burger-Asian fusion to boot! Can't wait to go back to try everything else on the menu!. . Pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=_MFbBD_-Svywc4ExG_ZGGw#_MFbBD_-Svywc4ExG_ZGGw
The problem with over hyped places? They never live up the hype. Bachi Burger is the exception to the rule.. . In the land of the $10 dollar burger, Bachi sits high above the rest. Tried the Ronin and it was just so damn bomb. Patty was meaty, juicy and perfectly cooked. The soy glaze worked well to bring a tangy, salty-sweet flavor to enhance the meaty-ness. The egg just brought everything together.. . Oxtail chili fries are just that. "Oxtail chili" - a chili made from oxtail. I was somehow expecting big chunks of oxtail in my chili but I guess they grind the meat. My misunderstanding I guess. Still bomb though.. . A definite must try and/or return destination while in Vegas.
Love this place! Great food!! Great service! Vegas need more spots like this
When I dream in burger the language being spoken is Bachinese. Best burger I ever had. Ever
Oh, My. God.  Not sure what location we did go since we are not that familiar with Vegas, and a friend drove us, however, I have to say I really loved the place.  We had to wait like 40 minutes or maybe less to be seated (on a weekday for late lunch) but the wait was well worth it.  Don't you love when that happens?  I ordered the Bah Mi burger and the Morimoto sake Rogue beer, that is kinda hard to find.  I can have that meal all the time for the rest of my life.  With the mini donuts for dessert.  The fries were good I just cannot remember which one we ordered.. . Can you please please please open a location in San Diego?
Had the Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu Burger - very tasty (Nothing beats egg and onion rings on a burger!) & truffle fries - also tried Garlic Aoil - red velvet shake was really good. Lots of other great burger options!
Came here 5/10/13, and I don't remember exactly what it was called, but it was the turkey/chicken burger with onion rings, lettuce, tomato, and some teriyaki type glaze on the patty. It came with a mint tasting aioli on the side. The most juicy, flavorful turkey burger I have ever tasted. It did NOT disappoint me at all. I also tried the truffle fries w/ the sundried tomato ketchup thing on the side and that's when I reached food nirvana. I'm definitely coming back here when I come back to the Vegas area.
First time here.  I tried the Ronin burger with bacon and cheddar cheese...OMG absolutely delicious. This place is a must go if you're in town.
Family in town, wanted to try Bachi, so we loaded into the cars and headed their way, only to find, a line!  It's packed and of course, we gonna wait.  I smell the flavors floating our way while we wait and my mouth is watering like crazy.. . Love the Kiki's burger, and as usual the burger is cooked perfect, the flavors so palatable and titillating, I wish I had two!  Love their sweet potato fries.   Good service, very good food, always a good choice for a burger.
Excellent place for a low key family meal.Great service and wonderful with kids.
From their menu: Kiki's Burger - Angus  Beef, Sauteed  Shiitake, Enoki and Eryngii Mushrooms, Caramelized  Bacon, Sweet  Onion  Marmalade, Gruyere  Cheese, Garlic  Chili, Aioli. IMAGINE! Just imagine.... . Sweet onion marmalade? Such a beautiful idea. Caramelized BACON? Down! Put these in between two extremely doughy, soft, wonderfully toasted buns, perfectly grilled beef patty, with a bunch of mushrooms, gruyere cheese, garlic chilli, aioli.... omg. I picked this burger because it listed all my favorite things. It's seriously one of the best burgers I've ever had. The buns were amazing FORREAL.. . Ox tail fries - bomb, but the meat chunks need to be bigger. Overall, very good experience on my end. My mouth is salivating. I wanna come back here next time I'm in Vegas!
Oxtail chili cheese fries!! (Drops the mic)
In Vegas for business and I wanted something off the strip.  I saw this place on Yelp and it looked like it was right up my alley.. . Beer - . So I live on the East Coast and Dogfish Head is somewhat local.  They had some excellent Dogfish Head beers that I had never heard of.   They also had what is now one of my favorite beers on the planet called Hitachino Nest IPA - this is Japanese Micro Brew and it was phenomenal.  Thank you Bachi Burger!. . Food - . I had the pickled vegetable appetizer.   Very cool and tasty.  For $4 I had to try it.  Then I had the Bahn Mi burger - outstanding.  i highly recommend this place.  I spent as much on beer as I did food and it was money well spent.  I will be going back next time I'm in Vegas for sure.. . In a strip mall, next to a tanning salon, this wonderful place is very nondescript, don't let looks fool you.
I would go here every week if I could. Maybe every day. I love their beer selection and their burgers. There are endless combinations. I have my go-tos, like the chili edamame and the truffle fries. They're all so yummy.  I have to say, the Ronin burger is also so yummy. Decently priced always helps too!
Me and my friend ate way too much but it was freakin' worth it. We show up around 2pm and there was a 25 minute wait. Plus this is way off the strip like close to the desert off. It was a $30 cab ride from the strip but $10 to the airport. . . As appetizers we got the pork buns and the oxtail chili cheese fries. Holy crap they were so good. The buns were soft and not heavy and the pork belly had enough fat that melted in my mouth. It had the hoisin sauce on the side for dipping which was super tasty and great sweetness to it. I think its not as good as Momofuku's pork buns but its still up there. Probably my second favorite. The oxtail chili cheese-fries was bangin!! It was so heavy because of beans and sunny side up egg but still so worth it. The jalapenos were to hot to eat because of the 113 degree weather but any other day it would have been fine.  We could have stopped eating and that could have been all we ate. Of course we didn't and made ourselves look like fat asses when ordering the burgers. . . He had the Ronin and I had the $26 dollar Shogun burger. The Shogun burger was so rich and soft because it literally melted in my mouth. If I was 76 years old with false teeth and couldn't eat burgers anymore I would be in heaven. It is made of Wagyu Beef & Unagi . Pan Seared Foie Gras, Poached Asian Pear, Miso Butter, Yamamomo Peach. The bun also  soft and sweet that I really felt that I wasn't eating a lot at all. I think it's over priced by like 3 bucks but I would still recommend it because of the very rich flavors. We tried finishing it all but we realized it was too much food. . . It was funny our waiter Mark was like, "So you will be having the pork buns as your main course.." and I stopped him and was like, "Haha Hell no. I'm getting a burger also." And he gave that look like I did not know what I was getting into but sure enough took my order. . . Service was really good. They refilled our waters every second they got and catered to our needs. I wish there was a place like this in the Tri-state area.
Great Vegas burger joint just outside the strip.. Burgers have an Asian twist so makes for different & interesting condiments.. I had the burger with the egg and bacon on it.. Can't remember the name but it was off the hook.. Meat was high quality, buns are freshly baked and the condiment choices were all fresh and tastey.. Steamed pork dim sum sliders!! Need I say more.. Will be back!!!
I absolutely love this place , the lonely bird is my fave with the fresh strawberry lemon aid  yummie, our server Daniel was great too , very on point !! Love this place !
Black & Green burger was to DIE for! . Wagyu grass fed beef was superb & tender. I ordered it Medium. Spinach, Blue cheese, mushrooms and bacon . . I would order again but I'm looking forward to trying EVerything!. . Ps: sweet potato fries were perfectly cooked. Best ever. . . Service was great, being our first time the waiter was patient and went over everything . . Our drinks didn't come out right away and they apologized twice. I like when servers make you feel important even in a burger joint. Nice!
Unique burgers with an Asian twist. The meat quality and toppings were all very fresh  and varied. I had the Miyagi-San burger ($14), which had fried egg, fried onions, bacon, and an interesting sauce. The buns were very fresh and collapsed easy.. . One thing I wasn't a huge fan of were the oxtail chili cheese fries ($12). They tasted like generic chili cheese fries and the fried egg was a tad overcooked, resulting in less yolk. Further, you could not really taste any of the oxtail.. . The Parmesan truffle fries were solid. The sauce that accompanied them was delicious.. . I am rating Bachi Burger 5 stars due to how unique the burgers are and the overall quality. Expect to pay about $25 for a share of appetizer and a burger. Everything is ala cart as well, so be sure to take that into account. . . Great food, nice service. I would go back here.
Bachi Burger.Best ever~~~
Was in town for a conference & had heard of Bachi burger. Well worth the wait! Delicious food and service. A big thank you for the ride also when told a taxi back to the strip & would be 1+ hours. Can't wait to go to their upcoming locations in Southern California!
Phenominal. Definately worth the wait. The food is very unique with great flavor. Tried several burger places while in vegas. I will miss this one the most. Try mr ho's burger for a very different experience. Went with a party of 9 and everyone loved it. Our waiter was great. Try this place you will not regret it.
I figured someone should do a write up on this small, unknown local burger joint. They have been flying under the radar for  a number of years and I just wish more people knew about them.....I kid. This place is very popular for a very simple reason. It's putting out delicious food. I finally made it there last week and I was moved. I don't need to be blown away by a meal to appreciate it, but I love it when I have an experience. And Bachi Burger is serving up a unique burger experience.. . I'd seen a number of of the over 1,000 photos posted on Yelp, so I had a pretty good idea of what I wanted to order before we stepped in the door. . . FOOD:Between three of us, we ordered Miyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, Kiki's Burger, and a Black and Green burger. All three were excellent. The high quality meat was cooked properly and was sandwiched in a a slightly greasy bun.  The star here is the flavor combinations they create with their burgers. Wow. You will pay for it (our bill came to around $65), but these were thoughtful, creative, and flavorful burgers. I see now that I should have gone for the more adventurous burgers. I can get blue cheese on a burger anywhere. Where else can I get Lup Cheong Sausage or Japanese eggplant on a burger?  Other places might have some of the same ingredients on their burgers, but I cannot imagine them doing it with as much style and creativity as the folks at BB are. I had a well crafted burger. If I'm going to pay more than $7 for a burger, I need something beyond what a Bobby flay recipe can offer me. I need an experience!. . They prepare their onion rings they way I like them: sliced thin with a light batter. I didn't dare ask for ranch and betray my lack of sophistication whilst eating my $14 burger. But that is the only thing that would have made the onion rings better.. . We also had fries, a house made soda (the Lychee was entirely too sweet), and the red velvet shake. Hubby fell in love with the creamy shake. . . SERVICE: Our server was a professional. This was a busy night and he (like all of the wait staff) was taking orders, serving, and busing. With all of that, he never let our drinks get too low and he checked on us a number of times during the meal. There was a gentlemen there who seemed to be a manager who was keeping an eye on the speed of service and the table turnover. I like seeing that level of care given to providing efficient service. . . AMBIANCE: Meh. The decor was nice, but there was a large party hanging out a the bar area and they created  tremendous amount of noise. But it's a burger joint. A little noise isn't the end of the world. . . OVERALL: The food was outstanding. I feel like I am ruined for other burgers. I cannot wait to return. . . Service: 5. Food: 5. . REVIEW #50!
Went to vegas during EDC weekend. Besides partying and getting hammer off free drinks from gambling I enjoy trying new places to eat. My brother had mention bachi burger for quite a while so I decided to try it out finally. When we first got there the wait wasn't too bad, it was only about 10-15 minutes or so. This was our first time here, the server asked us if we ever been here before since we said no she explained to us what the different types of burgers there were and what she recommended which was pretty helpful. We got the kiki and ronine burger and garlic fries. When the food came out we were all resisting not to eat any of the food since we wanted to snap a picture for facebook (who doesn't do that? lol) Anyways the first bite was amazing. It was so good and tasty. I'm not sure if we were just really hungry since we hadn't ate anything for about 15 hours or if it was really just that good. It was worth $12 bucks in my opinion and the fries was awesome as well. For sure next time i'll be sure to try the banh mi burgerand oxtail chili fries. Makes me want to go back to vegas again already. Oh and btw, this place isn't exactly next to the vegas strip. Be prepare to drive a little. It's off blue diamond exit (silverton casino) and about 8 minutes once you exit the freeway. So if your planning to take a taxi it'll be about $20 bucks or more each way. Your better off driving there.
I HIGHLY recommend this place to everyone who lives or visits VEGAS! My boyfriend and I came here with my cousins and we ordered their burgers and truffle fries. None of the burgers disappoint us. They are always served hot and they're sooo JUICY!! NEVER DRY!
Bachi Burger, you live up to the hype!. . I have never been disappointed by the food or service at Bachi. Must-try items include the pickled garlic (part of the assorted Bachi pickles - I always ask for extra garlic!), the Kiki Burger, the Black & Green Burger and the often-mentioned Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. And if you're in the mood to eat a bit healthier, their protein-style burgers are just as amazing as the originals, although their hamburger buns are pretty delicious. Sure, Bachi Burger may be a bit more expensive  since you have to order fries a la carte, but it's totally worth it. Compared to other similarly priced burger joints in Vegas, Bachi Burger is hands down the best and most unique.. . If you're planning a lunch visit, please get there early. The wait can be pretty lengthy if you get there at Noon.
A lot of time things on Triple D are a miss (Diners, drive ins, and dives) and sometimes I wonder how these places obtain such recognition. . But I have to say that Bachi burger is the real deal. Normally food like burgers and fries are very heavy and make you get the Itus aka food coma. Buf after eating here I felt light and refreshed. The food is a nice play on Asian fusion burgers and fries so if you're familiar with Asian food you'll get the subtle nature of how the flavors come together. (hats off to the chef because there are some very cleaver combinations).. . The staff was friendly and we were seated right away. I know this place is off the strip, but at 4pm it was packed. So if you want to try this place go around the 2pmish time. My friend and I came here at 3:30 pm and there was a 20 minute wait so we opted to go to the bar.  No less than 30 minutes later there was a lineat the entrance and people waiting outside.. The burgers here are an excellent value and the Foie gras burger was on par pricing wise compared to the one I had on the strip ($28 range) the other burgers are ala cart and were around $8-12 depending on what you want in it. . . I had the spicy miso burger and that was definitely a knife and fork burger (or lots of napkin burger). The burger was cooked to perfection. I really like the Taiwanese bun it was something different than what the normal burger joint has. . . So all you Vegas ppl  if you rent a car I suggest that you go out here and try it.  If you don't like it and are in vegas when I am I'll buy you lunch somewhere else*. . . . * Note: participant must be in vegas the same time as me and must not like bachi burger. (sorry I don't go to vegas that much lol...)
I've been here twice (can;t really be a regular from the Los Angeles area), but both experiences were impressive.. . First time around, I had the Kiki.  The first bite was unexpectedly sweet, but after allowing the flavors to merge I was able to see how the sweetness fit with the profile.  I wanted a good burger, and this satisfied.  I left with a smile on my face.. . I had it with a side of truffle fries.  Every visit from that point until the end of time will consist of an order of truffle fries.  While most of the truffle fries I've had are constructed with thin-cut fried and a generous coating of white truffle oil, these are not.  The fries ARE thin-cut, but the truffle flavor comes from an emulsion that is squeezed on top like it were some cheap ketchup.  Cheap ketchup this is not.  This is what every truffle wants to become when it grows up.. . The second time around, I had the miyagi-san.  I was hesitant.  Some places will take something ordinary, throw some furikake on it, then call it fusion.  My hesitation was unwarranted.  The miyagi-san has become my standard at bachi.  . . The CFC (chili fried chicken) is a treat.  Little nuggets of sweet, spicy, crispy chicken.  Easy to enjoy up front, but enough flavor depth for a foodie to love.. . Cherry Yuzu Soda...order it.  You'll want to down it.  Go ahead and down the first one.  Take the second one more slowly.  You'll enjoy it more, i promise.
Awesome!  Probably the best burger I've ever had.  I had the black and green and unfortunately I couldn't talk my wife into trying a different burger so we could share...lol.  We also had the oxtail chili cheese fries....Amazing!  The wait was a little long.  Friday lunch.  It was well worth it.  I did finally notice as we were being seated that they had a sign posted stating the other location had more seating and less wait time.  I travel to Vegas a lot for work and fun and will frequent Bachi Burger everytime.
The food was so good I wanted to come back for dinner the next night! Alas, we already had reservations elsewhere, so I will have to settle for dreaming about our next visit. . . We started with the truffle fries (good flavor and a nice dipping sauce), garlic fries (no garlic, lots of jalapenos, I was confused), and onion rings (best I've ever tasted- seriously).  . . I got the banh mi burger which was delicious, although I didn't realize the shrimp would be ground into the beef patty. As a result, I didn't taste any shrimp flavor at all. However, this burger didn't lack for overall flavor in the slightest. I also tried my husband's (?) burger and son's Kiki burger. Both were great. . . We finished the meal with the salted caramel shake with toasted marshmallow topping. I don't care for salted caramel desserts, but this wasn't too salty, so I enjoyed it. . . Overall, we had a great experience and will be back!
So we wanted to stop by this place before he headed out to EDC... and  was seriously about to pass out at EDC. Everything was so good and I just kept eating and eating..... . I went with about 6 people and so we could split and try the different appetizers that they had.... . - Truffle Parmesan Fries - pretty good w/ the sun dried tomato aioli sauce. - Salt & Pepper Garlic French Fries - I must say, this is one of my favorite appetizers... so simple, yet so delcious and addicting. - Chili Fried Chicken... not bad, but i probably would not order it again . - Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries w/ Garlic Aioli and Egg - Pretty popular and it's on a couple of tv shows... and i must say... it does not disappoint. If you don't share this with more than 3 people... you're prob gonna be a bit stuffed by the time you get to the main courses!. . - On to the burgers!. . - Manga Burger - crab and scallop dyanmite on a 7 oz. Angus Beef , kainare sprouts w/ a sunny side up egg and a side of ginger.... not a bad burger! pretty good, but I felt maybe the crab cake portion was a bit dry. . - Shogun Burger - Wagyu Beef & Unagi, Pan Seared Foie Gras, Poached Asian Pear, Miso Butter, and Yamamomo Peach.... 26 dolllars for this... but damn.. every bite was worth it... would defintely order this again!!!. . Overall, I would definitely come back again and try the other burgers. Probably the best burgers I've had in vegas to date.
Seriously the BEST BURGER I have ever tasted! YUM!!! It's a very unique place with VERY tasty food! I can't wait to go back just to try something different. You are missing out if you don't stop & try this place. It's close to the 15 & 215 fwy just before you make it into the Vegas Strip!
Tried this place after seeing great reviews and I have to say this is the best burger place hands down that I have tried so far. Totally beats Umami burger, The Counter, Slater's 50/50, and The Habbit among the gourmet burger joints that I have tried. Me and the wife arrive around 1:30 pm after getting from Vegas. There was still a line which to me was a good sign since it was after the lunch period. We ordered the pork belly and duck steamed buns, sweet potato fries, while she got the Ronin burger and I got the Kiki Burger. All the items were top notch and we can't wait till the open a location in LA. A definite must try if you are near one!
We came here after a day exploring Red Rock Canyon in a group of 9.. Trying to figure out where to eat, someone suggested trying this place after he saw it on DDD. I looked it up and remembered I already had bookmarked it after seeing so many great reviews, we had to go!. Upon arriving we did run into a little snag, there seemed to be a bit of a wait and a lot of people in the group were getting grumpy.. We almost left, but my ever hungry friend really wanted to eat here, unusual for a guy who didn't want to wait to meet his idols Penn & Teller! Maybe his foodie senses were tingling. I knew mine were, the burgers coming out to people's tables looked amazing.. . We stood around for a while, then we were moved to the back porch so we can sit while we waited. There were quite a few empty tables for a place that had a long wait, I can only assume they only seat people they can feed so people don't get pissed that the food is taking too long to come out. Makes sense I suppose.. We finally got seated after waiting almost 45 minutes.. From there things improved, food came out relatively quickly.. We started with the Ox Tail Chili Fries. Impressively good, it disappeared quickly.. When it came time to choose my burger I had a hard time deciding, they all looked so good! It was a tie between The KiKi and Mr Ho. A few others wanted to try Mr. Ho, so I chose the KiKi and a Mr. Ho to split with the group.. As we waited we snacked on the Salt & Pepper Garlic fries, which had some fresh ginger thrown in which I wasn't expecting, a nice surprise as I love ginger.. Our burgers came out fairly quickly. My KiKi was pretty good, the Shogun my ever hungry friend had was really good, but the Mr. Ho pretty much stole the show with it's combination of beef and Lup Cheong sausage on top not to mention it's purple Taro bun! It's a good example of how you don't need to spend $25 on a burger, at $10 Mr Ho is a bargain.. . Certainly one of the highlight meals of my Vegas trip, my only complaint other than the initial wait, would be that we don't have Bachi Burger back home.
I've been to Vegas so many times and I don't know why I've never heard of this place. I came here with my large family early afternoon for lunch. They set up a table for 9 very quickly.. . Here is what we ordered:. . - The oxtail fries with fried egg on top was amazing. We should have ordered two for our big group but we didn't want to overstuff ourself before the burgers. We had 4 kids with us and they loved this as well!. - Miyagi-san's grass fed burger amazing!. - The Ronin amazing!. - Kiki's Burger was very flavorful.. - My cousin and I split the Shogun burger, we wanted to get our foie gras fix as we can't get it in CA anymore. Especially at $26 a burger, we figured we should share. It was delicious!. . Honestly, even the burgers the kids ordered on their kid's menu was juicy and yummy. . . All I gotta say is wish we had one in CA. I could go for some of their oxtail fries right about now. :)
Although the wait was longer this time... 45 mins... It was worth the wait!!  Will be returning each month to try ALL the burgers!   Sweet potato fries and garlic salt fries were yummmm....... See you next month!
I went when the A/C was broke and 122 degrees outside, but they were so nice and we were hungry so we stayed because my cousin recommended it.. . I had a Thai tea w/ boba, fresh shrimp chips, and duck on steamed buns. Very unique burgers that have a signature taste. I ate everything and wanted more. Asian portions (just enough) which I don't mind because the quality made up for the quantity.. . Will be back when we come back to Vegas!
Ok so I have been to Bachi Burger Numerous times yet I seem to have gotten in the habit of only writing reviews of the places I dislike.  I only have 4 words to say I Love Bachi Burger!  Even though I have tried most of their burgers the KiKi ( caramelized onions, bacon, gruyere) is my Ultimate Fav!!!! I also love the Bachi Fish sandwhich.  Sweet and succulent cod that is seared just right! I have gotten many of my friends hooked on Bachi we all say the same thing Bachi has ruined us for an other burger now.  I Had FUKU burger at the Las Vegas Food Festival thinking it would give Bachi a run for their money...... Negative  I was disappointed with FUKU.   Bachi really has  ruined me for all other burger. Their quality of Meat is great. Those buns they use are such high quality buns fresh with a subtle sweetness.  If you don't stop by to this hidden gem of burgers in Vegas you are depriving yourself.  And those oxtail fries you have seen Guy dive into are worth the $11.. Growing up eating Oxtail I am a sucker for these. However I have had them a time or 2 when someone makes the Chili too sweet, no one likes sweet chili ..... Overall it is a place I brag and get my peeps addicted to!
Best burger joint in town. Stop wasting your time looking and head here. The burgers are cooked perfectly, the buns are the best (I usually use that phrase in different context!), the fries come a la carte and all options are great. I would recommend trying the Ox Tail Chili Cheese Fries. You'd never know it's ox tail, trust me. I wouldn't eat ox tail in any other situation but I gave these a try and almost licked the plate clean. It starts off sweet with a little kick at the end, just try it! I don't venture off too far into the options of burgers but they have Asian Fusion styles and they all look good, just not for me. . . Tip - call ahead and check the wait. They have a Summerlin location that has more room if it's busy.
WOW. Just wow. I don't remember the last time I was so impressed and happy with a burger. . . I opted for the Ronin burger, my friend got the Miyagi burger and we split it so I can have the best of both worlds. I would get the Miyagi burger! Burgers are similar because they both have a fried egg, onion but the Miyagi burger's crispy onion rings and furikake compliments the burger well giving it more of a Japanese flavor. . . Also tried their house made sodas. SO good. Omg. I have never had something like that. It was a little fizzy and tasted so fresh. I got the Apple & Lychee. Refreshing, light, and just the right amount of sweetness. There's nothing like that here in LA :'( . . Oxtail fries, on the other hand, didn't really win me over. Yeah they were good but you honestly can't really tell it's oxtail. Just tasted like shredded meat to me. . . Truffle fries are good though and the sun dried tomato aioli is really yummy. Truffle fries are half the cost of oxtail so I'd say skip the oxtail and just get the truffle fries. . . Truly wowed by this place. I will most definitely come back next time I come to Vegas.
This was my second visit to bachi burger and all I can say is... DELICIOUS! I came back because the first time i was unable to try the oxtail chili cheese fries, I'm glad I came back to try them because they were the best chili cheese fries I have ever tasted. When arriving the wait time was at 30-40 mins. but me and my girlfriend were starving so we opted to sit at the bar counter. I ordered the miyagi-San burger while my girlfriend ordered the pork belly steamed buns. No complaints what so ever and I can't wait till the next time I'm in Vegas so I can get my hands on another one of bachi burgers delicious eats!
I am editing my post.  Our 1st visit here was a huge bust. After being seated right away, we never got menus or any kind of service.  After flagging down a waiter for menus, he just handed them to us and walked away.  No one ever spoke to us after being seated for 20 minutes!  Boom...one star review.. . Fast forward 3 months.  Decided to give the place another shot.  Took my Mom here for her birthday dinner (ironic, since my 1st visit was supposed to be MY birthday dinner).  We went on a Wed. night at about 7pm.  The place was pretty busy, but we were seated right away.  Our server was AMAZING!!!!  He immediately brought us drinks, (I got the house made strawberry peach soda-excellent!!) explained the menu and made some great suggestions.  After much contemplation, we got the Parmesan Truffle Fries, the Pork Belly Sliders and I got the Kiki Burger while my mom got the Kalbi burger.   It was all sooo good!  There wasn't any food to wrap up.  We ate every last crumb!. . The sliders came with this great house made hoisin sauce that made something good even better.  The Kalbi burger was spicy, but in the best way possible. My Kiki burger was sweet like carmelized BBQ.  I cannot wait to go back to this place. I am so happy I gave it another chance.  Hooray!!. . . . Original Review:  Worst service EVER! Upon entering at 4:45 pm, there was no host for several minutes. The entire staff seemed very confused and  uncoordinated.  When a host finally showed up, we were told it would be a few minutes despite there being several open tables in sight. After being seated, we sat for 10 minutes with no one even making eye contact with us. I finally physically flagged a waiter down & asked for menus. He replied with "yeah"? and when I asked for the menu he gave them to us & walked away. No apology, no anything. After another 15 minutes of being completely ignored, we got up & left. When we left, their waiting area was packed with very unhappy looking people waiting to be seated,  There were still lots of tables available, but no one getting served.  We went 10 minutes down the road & had a fantastic dinner with excellent service at a tapas restaurant. By the way, this was my birthday dinner. I had chosen Bachi burger b/c I had heard such great things. What a disappointment. We will not be returning. Thanks for nothing Bachi burger.  Get it together!
Went here for my birthday. I always see this place and though not a burger fan, I got curious. So we decided to come here and the 20 minute wait on a Friday night is definitely worth it. We ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries for our appetizer and it's gone in less than a minute. Oh so yummy. Everyone ordered a different burger and they said it is absolutely good. I ordered the most expensive burger which is still priced reasonably for $25. It is called shogun burger. With foie gras (goose liver)  unagi (eel) and some pears. It is the best burger ever! I ordered it well done since I can't risk taking any raw meat, I'm 6 months pregnant. It still came out sumptuous and juicy. We all shared a red velvet milkshake for dessert since all of us are full already. It was definitely worth the wait and we are definitely coming back!
Thiswas byfar the greatestburger thative ever eatenin my life. Thereare really no wordsto describe how wonderful it is. Went there after a Cirque details Solei show whilei was in Vegas. The oxtail chili fries were to die for. Iwas slightly under the influence during my visit, so I'm having difficulty remembering the name of my Burger I do recall that I ordered it medium rare and it literally melted in my mouth with each bite .Wow, wow, wow!!! That is all
YUMazing!! Ate here late last night and wow... I knew this place would be bomb.com but it even blew away my expectations.. I had the Kiki burger & added a fried egg. The bun was sooooo tender and buttery, the cheese was melted perfectly, the egg was just right, the meat ( cooked medium) was soooooo good.. And the service was stellar. The entire staff was so nice and helpful. It took me a while to figure out what I wanted ( everything sounded tooo good) and they were so helpful and patient with my fermale indecisiveness. . If you are craving an amazing burger w the best quality ingredients and original topping selection, this is your place! I will most certainly be back on my next cheat day to try the steamed buns and another burger =)
Worth the wait. Truffle fries are off the hook. Kalbi burger is awesome and an advice is add an egg and its phenomenal. Ive tried the oxtail fries it taste so good. i always tell my friends and clients to try this place. a must eat in las vegas
Yum! Ate here on my recent Vegas trip and it was definitely worth it. This restaurant is located about 4 - 5 miles from The Strip but the drive is not bad at all. My friend recommended trying this place out and it did not disappoint. This was by far the best thing I ate on my trip to Vegas!. . I had the Kalbi burger and the oxtail chili cheese fries. I also got to taste the Ronin burger, and the pork belly steamed buns. All of them were excellent! I would recommend all of them. Bottom line: Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. . . The Kalbi burger was great. I asked for it medium well and it was perfectly done. The bread itself was soft and buttery, the beef patty was moist and tasted amazing! It also had kimchi as well as some lettuce. It has a wonderful combination of Korean flavors with picked cucumbers on the side! Everything about this dish was excellent and I would come back for more!. . The Oxtail Chili Cheese fries were also great but I could have done without it...although their fries were amazing! Crunchy and not overly cooked.. . Service was wonderful and our server was friendly and willing to explain everything!
The best burger place in Vegas, bar none. The truffled edamame are the perfect way to start, then you really can't go wrong with any burger on the menu. Best ingredients and thick, homemade patties. My mouth is seriously watering right now as I'm typing this. If you live anywhere near a Bachi Burger, treat yourself to the best burger of your life.
I found about about Bachi Burger watching Diners, Drive Ins and Dives.  As I was watching, I realized this restaurant was practically in my back yard.  I read reviews and realized there might be a wait to eat, so chose a Sunday at 3:00 (in between lunch and dinner) to eat.  The wait was about 20 minutes.  I have since been back 1/2 dozen or so times.  The oxtail chili cheese fries are the BEST!!  I have ordered them every visit.  I've tasted about 4 or 5 of the burgers and they are all delish!  The buns are light and sweet.  There are different flavored aiolis if you are eating plain fries instead of chili cheese ones.  I recommend the garlic or the pesto aioli.  The service can be quite slow at times, and occasionally the wait time for a table can be 45 minutes.  For me, it's definitely worth the wait.
Why must you be all the way in Vegas?! Wish I could try everything on there menu because every morsel of food I tried when I was there was a party in my mouth. The service was great too. At first, the hostess and I were not seeing eye to eye because some group got sat before us but the whole thing was sorted out and we got sat ASAP. Would return here in a heart beat. I'm sure everything is great but the oxtail fries and the pork belly sliders were my fav!
I've been wanting to come here since the episode of Triple D aired. The thing that grabbed my attention: Oxtail Chili Fries.. . So the parking lot is a good size, its in a decent sizedstrip mall. We got there around 11am and apparently just beat the crowd, cuz as we were leaving the line was out the door. . . First thing I ordered - the Oxtail Chili Fries (minus the onions & cilantro). Now with that out of the way - lets look at the burgers. I decided on the Miyagi-san burger, which consists of Chili Mayo,Fried Egg ,Furikake, Caramelized Bacon & Crispy Onion Rings. I also got a soda to wash it all down with -which the waitress forgot to bring to us til halfway thru the fries cuz I asked again. Anyways - the fries are good. The oxtail is shredded and the the chili has a slight kick to it. The egg while its looks good, actually gets in the way. No one wants to be the first person to cut into it and if it were up to me - I'd pop the yolk and let it run into the chili! . . The Burger - SO EFFIN GOOD! The first thing I noticed was that the buns are actually the same as the baked chau siu bao. Golden brown with a slight glaze. The burger itself was nice and juicy. So juicy that it runs down your hand and arm while holding it. So make sure you get extra napkins. The bacon and furikake was a nice addition! Possibly the best burger I've had.. . Overall - great food. Service is good, minus the waitress forgetting our sodas. Totally coming back when I'm in Vegas the next time. . . PS - They should totally change the name of the place. The word "bachi" and being in Vegas is not a good thing. Its a good thing I didn't gamble much after eating here.
I FINALLY got the opportunity to check this place out!!!  As a passionate Yelper, I don't know why it took me sooo long to visit a place with over 1000 reviews with an overall rating of 4 stars.  To me, that sounds like a GREAT place.  A good friend called me to go to dinner and this place was a great choice.  I was stoked!. . When we arrived, I found out the wait was 35-40 minutes which didn't bother me because it told me this place was popular.  The waiting area was a little small with not a lot of seating.  I was relieved to see that the employees were really quick about cleaning off tables once diners left so we weren't waiting very long.  Our party saw an area at the bar and decided to just sit there.  Total wait time, around 15 minutes :). . The place is a nice, quaint venue.  You have the exposed air ducts and lighting.  The walls were painted grey to look like concrete walls.  The overall feeling was a warehouse/loft look which ultimately made for a modern feel.  I love it!  The bar top was filled with very comfy stools, dark top with an opaque glass wall with different colors illuminating the bar:  purples, greens and blues.  . . When we first sat down, the bar top was not clean had a fishy egg smell to it. We ended up asking the hostess to wipe it off. BTW, the hostess, was soo sweet!  From the greeting to the dinner service, she was super attentive and really helped her servers out.  Top notch!  The bar server was also a cool guy.  I think he was definitely in a managerial role, he just had that aura about him.  I felt like he was from Hawaii.  He kept using "brah" when he talked to me, which made it feel like a family place!  Alright, onto the food!. . We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries for 11.50. I saw this dish featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and NEEDED to try it!  First of all, what an amazing and beautiful dish.  Start off with crispy shoe string fries, chili filled with shredded oxtail meat, topped with a garlic aioli, cilantro, sliced jalapenos and a  fried sunny-side egg. WOW, I'm in heaven.  This dish is savory, little spicy from the chili and jalapenos, packed with flavor. When you get this dish, you must first take a photo for Facebook, then break the egg yolk and mix everything together.  The yolk coats the chili and fries and brings the dish to a whole new level!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND this dish :). . For our main course, we decided to get two different burgers, cut them in half and share them, so we could asses more than just one!  The first burger was the Ronin burger for $11. This burger was Angus beef, caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, a fried egg, topped with a katsu bbq sauce, miso type dressing and accompanied with a Yuzu citrus aioli.  This burger is my favorite of the two we tried tonight.  The burger was super juicy (make sure you get it medium done...only way to go!), the slaw offered a crunchy texture, enhancing the burger, love me some fried eggs in a burger so there's that.  The sauces really brought the dish together.  SOOO Good!  The second burger was got was the Kiki burger also for $11.  This burger is also made with a juicy patty of Angus beef.  What enhanced the burger were the sauteed mushrooms:  Shiitake, Enoki and Eryngii.  The burger also had caramelized bacon, Gruyere cheese, onion marmalade, arugula and accompanied with a garlic chili aioli.  What I noticed right off the bat was the super smokey taste of the burger!!!  Then you get a sweet kick from the marmalade.  This burger is packed with different textures:  crunchy arugula and dense chunks of mushrooms.  The garlic chili aioli really makes the burger a star, so do forget to use it!  All these burgers are held together by a Taiwanese sweet bread, super light and fluffy.  Soo good!. . So I know my review was super long.  If you are one of the few folks that reads this entire review and finds it through the 1000+ reviews, I'm hoping that you're mouth is watering like a faucet.  You NEEED to get your butt down to Bachi burger and try their food.  This place is absolutely amazing and you will NOT regret it.  So what are you waiting for??  They're open late!!
They take peanut allergies serious here which is great for our family who has many kids with peanut allergies.. Everything we had herewas made to perfection - the ox tail fries with fried egg on top,  Ronin burger (my personal fav) and the Shogun (foie gras any one?!).  The burger was cooked to perfect medium rare which made it juicy.  I ate everything on my plate and dug into my god daughter's salt/pepper fries with jalepenos.  OMG, my mouth is watering just thinking about our heavenly meal.
I've been to many burger places and eaten a variety of burgers... and I must say their Kalbi Burger is hands down the BEST burger I have ever had in my life!!!!!! My sister lives in Vegas so every time I come to visit, I make her take me to Bachi for that Kalbi Burger. The flavor and quality of the meat is just outstanding. The pickles that come with it is a perfect addition to the burger. And, Bachi also makes their own soda and it is so yummy and refreshing! . . Their oxtail chili cheese fries are also to die for. I really wish Bachi would come to San Jose-- we need an Asiani fusion burger place down here!. . This should definitely be on your list if you are going to Vegas!!!!
This is definitely the best burger place i've tried anywhere. If you're more of a traditional person, this may not be for you. For everyone else, you'll probably find the best burger you've ever had. . . I would list out my favorite things but everything I try is more delicious than the last. The things I've had and loved are the Bhan-mi burger (current fav), Miyagi-san, oxtail chili fries, pork belly buns (if you do nothing else before you die, eat these), and the chili fried chicken.
The Black and Green Burger was probably one of the best burgers that I have ever had (and I have had a lot of burgers).  This is a must visit place when in Vegas.  Make sure to get there early to avoid the lines.
Best Asian fusion burgers in Las Vegas hands down. Unique flavors that has your mouth dancing with joy. The truffle fries was super delicious and so was the pork buns. Shogun burger is the the best but every other burger here is to die for. Also the lava cake is mouth watering. The service is impeccable and our server Dan was a delight. He should get a raise!
Easily one of the best burger place by far. I live in CA and every time I'm in Vegas, this is a must stop. There's usually a wait here just because of popularity but who can blame such an amazing place. Unfortunately this is one of two locations. They need to expand! Burgers are awesome, my personal favorite is the ronin. If you want to try fish, go ahead. I've had it before and it was heaven. Any type of fries is a must. I just love everything about this place. They need to open one up in ORange County already. I want to come back!!
Succulent, savory and flavorful. Truly an awesome burger. I had the Miyag-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, medium rare with sweet potato fries. The fries were good but not particularly special. The burger is to die for. Best I've had in Vegas. Just be sure to pair it with a good beer like the  Rogue Hazelnut Brown Nectar.
This place is amazing.  I had a Bahn Mi Burger, which was an amazing combination of flavors.  It was maybe the best burger I've ever had.  Everything on the menu looked great...plus they had some more unusual beer selections (like Dogfish Head, which you rarely see out West).  Next time I'm in Vegas, I will go here.
DELICIOUS! . Started out with the oxtail chili fries - LOVED the egg and peppers and oxtail!! Fries were the thin cut that I prefer. Halfway through the fries I had to beg the waitress to take it away before I ate everything (had to save some stomach room for the burgers!)! . I ordered the foie gras burger... to die for! It was SO rich, fat was dripping down the patty. I could not finish the burger (on account of the fries) but I would definitely come back and do it all over again!
saw this place on tv and it looked so good. i was happy to find out that it was close to the hotel me and my son were staying at. the place is popular, so that means youre going to wait for your table. but its worth the wait trust me! the hostess and other workers were so nice, a plus when the customer service is great. there was seven of us, including three kids and everyone liked everything we ordered. i had the kiki burger and my son had the kids burger. i would have to say that my burger is the top one or two burgers i ever had. during the time i was eating, i had to tell myself that i was eating a burger, because it tasted more like a steak then a burger. my sons burger looked like a regular size burger. my son said it was his favorite burger. he almost finished the whole thing. i really cant wait to eat here again, but i heard theres one coming to l.a. YES!!!!!!!!!BABY!!!!!!!!
I'm definitely a fan of thisplace after trying this place over the weekend. I was debating in my head if this place should be a 4 or a 5. It's prob a 4.5 but I give it to you bachi burger...you get the 5! . . I think this place has got it all and it's definitely damn unique. That oxtail chili cheese fries were seriously out of this world hearty goodness. You topped that off with that beautiful sunny side up egg was simply perfection. I can't even find a flaw in this dish because it has everything I love in the dish. Just enough jalopeno to have a little kick to the fries and those beautiful cilantro to further enhance the flavor. The oxtail were seasoned well and it was almost melt in your mouth. If you really want to complain about it, it is simply because it is one of those dishes that will give you an instant heart attack. I totally recommend sharing it between 2-3 people and then ordering a burger. . . I also got the Miyagi-San burger which totally reminds me of Karate Kid. ANYWAY...I was reading the descriptions and it had Onions rings and kobe beef patty and i was like bring it on baby. I totally recommend patting it a bit before you take a bite so it will stay together when you eat. When I took my first bite, I simply went OOOOOOO. That patty was simply juicy as hell and those onions rings were the real eye opener. They weren't your typical onion rings because they fried those onion rings with tempura battered which made it extremely delicious. I totally recommend it!. . IF I WAS GONNA CHOOSE BETWEEN THE BURGER OR THE FRIES, I SAY IT BE A TOUGH CHOICE BUT GO WITH THE FREAKING FRIES. WHERE ELSE ARE YOU GONNA GET OXTAIL CHILI CHEESE FRIES THAT SENDS PEOPLE STRAIGHT TO HEAVEN WORLD. . . Vegas must bound place.
Awesome. After seeing this on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives I had to visit. . It was quite crowded on the evening we went but we were promptly seated at the bar. The server explained everything and made his recommendations. The Green and Blue burger was the best burger ever (grass fed beef with blue cheese). The buns are freshly baked and don't compare to anything I've ever eaten before. . There are some exotic foods but also the basic burger and fries made to your liking. The staff is friendly. I would eat there again and again!
Oh, my God. . There has never been a better burger. Ever. End of story.
The BEST place ever.  Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries and the Truffle Parmesan Fries are the bombs along with the burgers we had.  Ban mi burger was really good!  It took a long time for us to get our table but it was definitely worth the wait!  A must try!!!!
Amazing burger spot just off the strip in Vegas. Brief highlights of what I ate- . . Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries- The chili is the best part of this dish, got a decent little kick and melds well with the cheese and fries. The runny egg yolk on the top was also a great touch. Fries were cooked well enough to withstand the barrage of liquid from the other toppings. Our group destroyed these fries pretty quickly. . Miyagi-san's burger- Great burger. The bacon/egg/onion ring combo is a classic set of burger toppings, but this burger took it to another level. Great quality ingredients that were combined very well. . . All in all, this place blew me away. After trying one of the traditional burgers, I'm even more excited to come back and try the build your own burger option.
This was a great side trip during the last bachelor's party. It's a short ride from the Strip and located in the corner of a strip mall. No better place than this, I wish I was there right now. We went here after the advice of Guy Fieri's Triple D... I'm a huge fan of his books.. . Five hungry guys devoured their food quickly. Oxtail? YES. Smothered on fries? HELL YES.  With an egg on top? WHY IS IT NOT IN FRONT ME OF YET?. . The different choices of burgers made it a great place for our different tastes. I had the Kim Chi burger and oh my.. it was delicious. Banh Mi burger? Oh yeah.. I'll have one of those too. If I had a larger stomach and a bigger wallet, I would've ordered a few more burgers. Definitely worth the side trip.. . Tip: If you're expecting to go there by cab, make sure you have a cab driver's number. After our meal, we couldn't find a cab to go back to the strip even after calling 10 different taxi companies, luckily for us, we found a taxi waiting at the local dentist.
I'vebtried just about everything and it is always delicious. Best burger's ever. Ever. The pineapple ketchup is amazing as well. Even their milkshakes are like no other. Just go; order one of everything and prepare for the best week of your life ;-D
JUST FANTASTIC.. . I came here with my girls Kelsey W. and Katie H. at the end of our Vegas trip on the way back home to Cali. Katie H. saw this place on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and was meaning on coming here for a while. Glad we went to Vegas together so we could try this fine establishment together.. . We took a seat at the bar which was great cus we got to talk a little with our waiter (tall red-head with a pony-tail) while he mixed drinks and such. Super nice guy with great food descriptions cus he made me want to try the entire menu, and I don't even eat pork or shell fish!!. . We started with the black truffle parmesan fries. I mean, everything with truffle has to be good, right? But these were exceptional! Seasoned with just the right amount of spices, chives, parmesan flakes, truffle oil, and (surprise!) gravy! Suuuuuper good! Oh and with a sundried tomato aoli dip. Mmm mm mmmm!. . Ok burgers. I got the Miyagi-San burger. I was nearly crying (and definitely licking my fingers...hell my whole hand) from the pure insanely good quality and tastes in my mouth. Beef medium, thinly fried onion rings, and an over-easy (not drippy!) egg. Buns were toasted, soft, sweet and yet so perfectly matched with the burger contents. Amazing, I was actually really sad when I finished eating.. . They need to bring this place to LA, they will make millions! Until then, I look forward to coming back during my next trip to Vegas and trying more from the menu, even their cool cocktail and beer options. . . One of the best quality burgers I've ever had. Well done Bachi Burger.
I came herewith 3 of my buddies after attending marquee day club. I actually had high expectations of the food at this place. I have to say, the service was excellent and the oxtail fries were delicious. When it came time to order my burger, i wanted the Ronin burger but wanted fois gras on it. The server quickly explained that i can have fois gras put on any burger which made me  happy. Other than this place the only fusion food ive had has been kogi truck, and i think both are top notch. Great place to eat with friends.. . I suggest getting an order of the oxtail fries
Our first time here and it was well worth it. Great service our waiter helped us choose our food. The oxtail chilli cheese fries lived up to its awesome reputation. The manga burger is what i had and one of the best tasting burgers, my friend ashlee had the spicy miso burger and dusted it. We also had the duck bo buns that was amazing too... . love this place. so happy its 5 min away from my house
We ate at Bachi Burger on our last night in Vegas. It was definitely worth the wait. Actually Diane didn't understand why I was so excited to try a Burger Place. Just like a lot of other Yelpers, I've wanted to try this place since seeing it on Food Network.. . When we got there the hostess said there was a 25 minute wait. No problem! We'll just sit at the Bar. By the time I could order my Kambei Cocktail (Sake,Vodka, Pineapple Juice, Cherry, Orange Juice and Mint), the manager Ronnie, who was very nice and energetic, had a table for us.. . We quickly ordered The Black & Green Burger with American Wagyu Grass Fed Beef, Sauteed Mushrooms, Spinach, Bacon, Point Reyes Blue Cheese and Roasted Garlic. The Pork Belly Steamed Buns with Duroc Pork Belly, Cilantro, Scallions, Radish, Boiled Egg, Chinese Black Vinaigrette and Hoisin BBQ Sauce. The Salt & Pepper Garlic French Fries with Maui Onion Sea Salt and Garlic Chili Aioli. As our server left with our order, we decided to add an order of the Bachi House Made Pickles.. . Everything was wonderful. The flavor combinations were interesting and unique, while the different textures sent things to another level. Our favorite item was the Bachi Pickles. Instead of Cucumbers they used different products like Seaweed, Carrots, Garlic Cloves, Asian Peppers, Watermelon Rinds and Ginger Shoots. We both decided that next visit we'd skip the Fries and get two orders of the Pickles. Bachi is wheelchair accessible and the Staff was quick, friendly and knowledgeable. Bachi Burger is getting added to my list of must visit Vegas spots!
This place has lots of intriguing flavors. I had the Kalbi burger with house made kimchi. Without great fundamentals though, it would just be a bunch of flashy bells and whistles. Au contrere mon  frere. This place is awesome and the shakes and sweet potato fries are some of the best I've ever had.
Best burger in town. Perfectly cooked through with amazing and interesting flavors. Would highly recommend this place to anyone in town.
Bachi Burgers, where have you been my entire life, and why can't I eat you in San Diego, CA.  There are so many positives about BB that Yelp should allow an extra star for just them because they're the only one worthy of that extra star.  BB was featured on Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, which that alone should warrant a visit.  But after my first visit, which arose because of many friends' recommendations, the reason BB is a must visit destination is resoundingly THE FOOD.  Let's put it this way, after my niece tookher first bite of BB's renown Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, she said, "I want to come here for my birthday."  We live 4.5 hours away.  Not too subtly, ORDER THE OXTAIL FRIES!!!. . We were carnivorous after driving from San Diego, so when my better half posted on Facebook what our friends recommended to eat in Sin City, Bachi Burgers kept coming up.  There are multiple BBs in Vegas, so I chose the one with 1000+ reviews, which that alone should say something.  BB is located in a strip mall looking discreet and hidden towards the back, but the long line of people gives it away.  You will wait if you come during peak lunch or dinner times, but it truly is worth the wait.  Both the outside and inside is discreet, but you will see and taste food that's not discreet.  The inside decor comprised of black, complemented by the black attire of the staff, gives off a modern and chic flair.  Loved the Asian influenced artwork, specifically this panda painting.. . Enough of my Yelp review format of describing the restaurant, let's get to why throngs can't get enough of BB.  The lower case letters of the name attached to the building exemplifies modesty, but BB's food is not modest in taste and deliciousness.  Here's what we ordered:  Bachi pickles, Oxtail chili cheese fries, Salt & Pepper garlic french fries, BBQ Bachi Burger 8oz Grass Fed Wagyu, Miyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, and a mandarin orange drink.  I'm not exaggerating when I say that all of the food above was to die for.  The Miyagi-san and the oxtail fries will be on my last meal wish list.  The pickles, an assortment of pickled vegetables, had that salt and vinegar thing going and I practically ate everything by myself.  The oxtail fries was piled high on a plate and our party of 6 cleaned the plate in minutes.  The mixture of the oxtail, chili, cheese, and the broken yolk was heavenly melodic to our stomachs.  Everyone in our party couldn't stop talking about how great the food was.  My Miyagi burger will be ordered again when I return.  This burger is my favorite burger of all time.  EVER!  This beats my previous #1 at Hodad's in San Diego.  The meat alone was juicy, succulent, and tasted like a premium cut from a very expensive cow.  The fried onions kept its crispiness and blended well with the tasty caramelized bacon.  The chili mayo was flavorful.  What put this burger over the top was the salivating broken yolk from the egg.  WOW!  Highly recommend the mandarin orange drink to wash everything down.. . I'm bummed that I have to drive 4.5 hours to eat my latest additions to my last meal list.  For Las Vegas residents who can eat here all the time, I'm jealous.  For those that are visiting, a must visit despite the wait.  I like my niece's idea.  I want to come here for my birthday too.
I love Bachi Burger. The burgers, the fries, the shakes - it's all great. This is how a burger SHOULD be.. . My biggest complaint about this location is that there always seems to be a wait. We've typically had to wait 20 to 30 minutes each time before we get seated.. . But once we do finally get seated and those truffle fries hit the table, all is forgiven.
DAMN GOOD BURGER! I got the Kiku burger, full of all sorts of mushrooms and it was LARGE and DELICIOUS. . . Got the oxtail chili cheese fries too. They were delicious, and would probably rank 3rd on my all-time list of garbage plate fries. The one thing that hold them back are that the fries themselves are really simple, but this is pretty typical of chili cheese fries. The waiter said we wouldn't be able to finish a whole order of fries and our burgers...how wrong he was. We frickin destroyed our entrees!. . The Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries are currently #3 on my Garbage Plate Fries list
Pretty delicious, the burgers have an asian/japanese taste to them. Very freshly made and truffle fries are also a must! Casual but can be semi dressy. . . Ordered a kiki burger and the spicy miso burger and for the meat we chose medium, it was pretty much the best burger ever, very juicy and tender.
HANDS DOWN the best burger joint!. . Pros:. +great service. +amazing food. +oxtail fries. +kiki burger. . Cons:. -there isn't one in San Diego!
My favorite uppity burger before was probably the truffle burger at Umami in California because I LOVE the taste/smell of truffle oil.. . I'm going to go ahead and say that the Shogun burger($26) is easily the best burger I have ever had. The price is high but omfg the taste was off the charts.  What really drew me to order it was because I wanted to try what foie gras tasted like for the first time and it did not disappoint. It's a perfect burger to me.  Juicy patty, fatty truffle foie gras, sweetness from the pear, and the soft crispy crunch around the edge of the bun.  It had all the right textures and flavor.. . We ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries like everyone recommended and it was damn good.  We also ordered the Kiki and Spicy Miso burgers.  I didn't really care for them after trying the shogun burger though.  Angus patty wasn't as good as the wagyu but don't get me wrong, they were still good burgers.  Little things bothered me with each burger like how the spicy miso burger had too much sauce for my taste and the bacon in the kiki burger was a salty pop that I thought was too much at times.. . Service was top notch.  Server and hostess were great and empty plates and trash were never on the table for more than 3-5 minutes.  Water was always topped off.  Places like this is what 5 star ratings are for.
I would like to give this place the title: "Best Burger Joint in the West".. comparing this to California burgers like Umami, Father's Office, and Back Abbey. I've been here several times now and have yet to lose the awe from eating their delicious burgers and fries.. . Each burger has their own distinctive flavor but the best, most amazing burger i've ever eaten is their KIKI BURGER(add a fried egg). I remember the first time biting into the burger at the other Bachi location.. I had one of those euphoric moments of satisfaction where all I was thinking was, "WOW"! The ingredients compliment each other perfectly, with the shitake mushrooms, caramalized bacon and the garlic chili aioli supporting the perfectly cooked patty.. amazing!. . Other burgers I've tried:. Ronin- the sauce in this one is great.. Banh-Mi- a detailed mixture of Vietnamese flavors put on a burger. Looks simple but has a burst of flavor.. Shogun($26)- so many flavors I've never tasted before generated in this one burger. Pretty amazing with the Wagyu Beef and Unagi. . . For your first time, I suggest ordering the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries with your burger. It is truly one-of-a-kind. Sweet and meaty.. no need to dip in any sauce. If it seems too much, the Truffle Parmesan Fries is a tasty alternative.. . It seems like Bachi's business and popularity is starting to blossom. Aside from the amazing food, it's a pretty modern and hip restaurant with cool employees. This is a perfect dinner date spot if you want to get away from the strip.. They really need to open up the LA location already!
If I were to leave this Earth today, I would feel comfortable knowing that I have eaten  the Best Burger around... Awesome! I had the Spicy Miso Burger, my son the Kiki and my wife the Bhan Mi. Don't forget the Parmasean Truffle fries. They also have a great beer selection. When you're in Vegas So Cal people make it a point to come here.
Asian burgers.  I hear a mad scientist laughing in a kitchen somewhere.  Maybe a ninja wearing a lab coat.  I didn't think there'd be another successful fusion-ized dish after the Kogi Korean tacos, but alas they did it.  Dag gum it, they did it.. . They somehow are able to capture that magical flavor of charred cow burgers, but still gently *remind* you that this is something with a twist.  And it's not just "Oh, here's a burger with some bean sprouts in it."  They season and sauce so that each bite takes you somewhere.  I had the Banh Mi burger and it reminded me of Vietnamese vermicelli bowls.  I tried the Miyagi, and I felt like I was eating Dim Dum in Chinatown.  I had to look down at the plate to remember this was somehow just ground meat in a bun.. . Only negative is the wait (just prepare for it), and it's pretty loud with the music, crowdedness, and everyone yelling to fight the music and the crowdedness.. . A definite must-try at least once.
Ok, these burgers are expensive, but the ingredients are totally fresh and the uniqueness of the flavor combinations is spot on. Totally worth having. . . Because of the sauces the burgers are pretty rich and different than what most are used to, but that's part of their uniqueness.... Ooot oh, I'm totally drooling thinking of these burgers! Haha! . . The bun... I used to think brioche buns were the perfect burger vehicle, but now I'm not as sure! The texture is perfect. I don't know how - but your fillings actually stay in the burger bite after bite. And if you look at the pictures on here you can see that they aren't small burgers by any means!. . My only point of contention is that the host also had to be our waiter, server and busser. Don't get me wrong, he did a good job and had a great attitude, but that's a lot of work for one person. After he seated us he said our server would be right over. I heard the server tell him she didn't want any more tables. That's pretty unprofessional! We were only a party of two! Kudos to that host, perhaps he's a supervisor or something? . . PS- don't miss the pork belly steamed buns - they were FANTASTIC!. . ...I wish this place wasn't 6 hours away from our house!...
Boy would I kill for a Bachi's in the South Bay.. .  My visits to Vegas rarely include venturing off the strip, but a good friend of my boyfriend suggested this place. I was not in the mood for a burger AT ALL, but the second I looked at the menu I was sold. . . Service was great, and everything on the menu looked so good it was extremely difficult to decide what to get. . . I eventually (reluctantly) decided on the Kalbi Burger which did not disappoint. Kimchee is the best condiment on the planet IMO and having it on a burger was an awesome addition. (I've had it on hotdogs and it's also thebomb) My boyfriend ended up ordering the Miyagi burger and it had such a balance of flavors and the onion rings on there were seriously perfect. . . All the buns on every single burger were fluffy and light and held up to the size and juiciness of the hamburger. . . Also order the salt and pepper fries because those things are legit crave-able. So crave-able that when I got back to the bay I immediately went to the grocery store and grabbed similar ingredients and attempted to recreate them at home. . . . Stop at Bachis, order something, be happy. . . Easily one of the best burger experiences I've ever had.
we seen place on tripple d food network, after we seen the burgers, we new when we made it back to vegas, we were there, i'm here to tell you the pictures you see on yelp don't lie, these burgers were awesome, the kiki burger was sooo good & the truffle garlic fries uuuummm, my hubby had the banh mi burger gooood, a must try ......
Food was great. Beers were cold on a hot day. Little bit of a drive from the strip, so if your taking a taxi from the strip, expect a $50 round trip...
Bachi Burger...I'm a huge fan. This is one of my favorite places for gourmet burgers. . My favorite burger is the black and green (only because it's so good that I haven't ordered anything else), the wagyu grass fed beef, mushrooms, blue cheese and spinach blend together deliciously in your mouth. These burgers are pretty good sized. The buns are super soft, and the meat is really tender. With every bite you take, it just melts in your mouth. . . We ordered the Salt and Pepper Garlic Fries. I really like the garlic chili aioli, but next time I'd like to try the Truffle Parmesan Fries. . . Our neighbor ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries and they looked amazing. The plate was huge, although there was only two and they finished the whole plate without issue. I think it's because they are that good.. . The only thing average about this place was my iced tea.  It was just ok. I'm definitely a little picky about my iced tea, so I just wouldn't order it again here. Maybe next time I'll try the Matcha Green Tea instead.
Holy Burger!! This place rocks!!! Wanted something off the strip so we didn't have to pay 25 for a burger and found this little gem.... . Delicious burgers ranging from 10-18 a burger, plus 2-6 for fries... Not bad in my opinion.. . Came here twice in a period of 5 days and each time was unbelievable... . . Some of the best burgers I've ever had in my life.. . Note to owners: please open this restaurant in the La Quinta, CA area!!! We need a burger place like this!!
Gourmet burgers - loved it. Meat is so moist and delicious. Off the strip but I think it's worth it. Definitely would recommend this place. . . No reservations - came at lunch time and had to wait 40min . . Oxtail fries is a must
I anxiously awaited my visit to Las Vegas, just so I could try Bachi Burger.  I had heard so much about it, and it was all good!   First of all, the location-  off the strip at the South end of town.  It was conveniently located just four short blocks away from our RV resort, which was quite welcome after already having driven about 5 1/2 hours to get to Vegas.  . . The restaurant :  Kinda hard to find the entrance, but once we did, we were seated without a wait.  We arrived at about 5:45 on a Thursday.  I was surprised at how small this place was.  It looks like it only seated about 50 people.  The environment was very industrial chic.. . The food: ORGASMIC, MINDBLOWING, AMAZING!  O.K.  I think you get the picture.  I loved the food.  We started with the oxtail chili cheese fries.  These super crisp fries are topped with a fair amount of the delicious chili, cheese sauce, and a perfect sunny side up egg.   My son built his own burger with an angus patty, cheese, bacon, and crispy onion rings.  My husband and I shared the Miagi-son burger.  It had an angus beef patty, furikake seasoning, carmelized bacon, fried egg, and chili aoli.  It was great!. . I of course enjoyed their house Chardonnay, and my husband enjoyed his icy cold (however a bit pricy) craft brew.
Sooo tasty!!
Even though I came here with a very large group at almost closing time, the staff was very accommodating to our needs. And because I was in a very big group, I was able to try a few dishes. . . We ordered the Shogun Burger, Pork Belly Steamed Buns, Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries and Edamame. Both the burger and pork belly had a delicious mix of unique flavors and tender meat, I was impressed. Although it is a little bit of a drive from the strip, it's worth the trip if you have a friend sober enough to drive ;)
Rarely do I give 5 stars to any place but this is a great burger place. My friends and I ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries, pork belly sliders and Chicken nuggets thing for our starters. The pork belly sliders we could've done without but the other two, were freaken tasty as hell! The fries were tasty to another level, The chicken nuggets things were so good, I pretty much ate the whole plate by myself. . . I ordered the Ronin burger which had all kinds of delicious on it! It had an egg, cole slaw, onions and all kinds of other stuff that I can't remember! It was too good. Everyone should come here and eat here!!!
Unique. Fantastic! Loved it!  We had a great lunch here after trying it for the first time.  It was around 2pm when we walked in and there was about a 10 minute wait.  I thought it would be an off time coming in but they were busy!  It must be a winner!. . We decided to try a few different burgers and split them so we could taste a couple different things on the menu.  Our choices were the Kiki Burger and Spicy Miso Burger. . . ~ the Kiki Burger had a fabulous blend of sauteed mushrooms, caramelized bacon and garlic chili aioli.  The flavorful bacon really stood out.  The buttery soft bun complimented this so perfect. The angus beef was absolutely cooked to perfection.  This burger is an A+!. . ~the Spicy Miso burger was also such a delectable, mouth watering treat for my taste buds!  The unique combination of pepper mayo, onion, cheese and apple vinaigrette sent my world spinning!  Not to mention that they inserted a fried egg in between all of the other yummy ingredients.  WOW!! . . On the side we went with the Truffle Parmesan and Sweet Potato Fries.  OH YEAH! They were crispy, full of flavor and served with a delicious dipping sauce.  This was great to change it up from the usual ketchup.   The truffle sauce gave the fries a different yet fabulous flavor with a hint of garlic taste.  Score!  The Sweet potato fries were just as delicious.  They were crispy and perfect with their chosen dipping sauce.  I'm not sure what this was but I was in heaven! . . I can't write this review without mentioning the phenomenal service they provided!  Our waitress was attentive, so friendly and courteous! She even asked us if we had any food allergies that the kitchen should be aware of.  This was the first time anyone ever asked me this!  That's amazing to me!  Plus they had others walking around with water pitchers to refill our glasses even when they weren't even half gone!  All restaurants should do this! . . Why did I wait to long to try Bachi Burger? Now that I know how delicious their food is, I hope not to wait so long for my second visit.  If you want a different flare of a burger flavor...  this is definitely the place to go!   Can you tell I loved it?
i'm so glad i'm going back to LV in 2 weeks cuz i can't wait to come back here to try some more burgers!  i didn't know a burger could be so good.  the patties were seasoned well, cooked perfectly.  the bread was soft and didn't dominate, the toppings were all so unique.  and they all blend perfectly.. . we ordered. :oxtail chili cheese fries - awesome, though wish it had more meat/sauce. :pork belly steamed buns - i wanted to see how authentic these buns were.  the flavor was spot on, just like in Taiwan, but the surface was a tad dried out.  figures cuz they buy them from a bakery in chinatown daily.. :manga burger - that day's special.  awesome combination of stuff and there was a lot. :kiki's burger - husb said the sweet onion marmalade was a bit too sweet for him, but other than that was very good. :miyagi-san's wagyu burger - didn't taste it but it looked fantastic. . oh, here's a tip: order the oxtail chili cheese fries as soon as you sit down.  that way something will come out sooner cuz chances are you'll be hungry from the wait and looking at all the fab food going to other tables.
Been here twice now since moving back to town. Had the Ronin Burger.... Best burger I've ever had!!!!!! Had the Veggie burger on the second visit and it was the best veggie burger I've ever had!!! These peeps are now my go-to burger joint in LV!
First time visitor, and everything we had was great. The burger was cooked perfectly, the oxtail chili fries were great, and the price quite reasonable. Looking forward to coming here again.  I had the Manga Burger which was a special that day.  This place is unlike any burger place you have ever tasted. All quality products and great staff. The service is outstanding, the wait staff was right on top of things. If another opportunity comes around I will definitely be back.
Wow! These burgers are awesome!! . . Stopped in for a snack with a group of girls for lunch on a Saturday over Labor Day weekend for my bachelorette party. I had to try since there were so many good reviews! . . Going into it we knew we were going to share a burger with one other person since we had an early dinner coming up. Wait was about 40 minutes which was kind of expected for the time and holiday weekend. . . Place is busy, loud but not obnoxious and menu is Asian fusion. And most of their burgers (just burgers alone) range around $10 and up.  . . I had the miyagi San grass fed burger ($13) and a side of the their garlic fries. The burger patties width are on the smaller side but they're all stacked tall with delicious toppings. Ours was a wagyu patty with a chili mayo, furikake, onion rings, and a fried egg!! Can't go wrong with a fried egg! It was awesome and I kinda wish we went back do I could one of my own :) the fries were pretty good but a little too gingery for me (not a big ginger fan) . . I got to taste the kalbi burger as well that a friend ordered and their Parmesan truffle fries. Both were awesome and definitely ordering the Parmesan truffle fries instead next time! . . All in all. A good place for great food. Worth the wait and price. Will be returning next time I'm in town!
Best burger in Las Vegas.   From the bun to the gourmet burger.  Flavors are so creative and the micro beers are unique.
NEVER A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!  we started with spicy pan seared edamame which were a nice change from French fries which are all fab here we just wanted something different~ The Keiki burger (WONDERFUL AS ALWAYS!) and hubby tried the Bahnmi and wasvery good thinks the Miagi is better but it was always a deelish meal and our server was great to! .      If you like burgers you will MUST stop at Bachi Burger  !!!!!!!??
Had the kiki burger with the standard fries. The pineapple ketchup is awesome. Looking forward to my next trip.
There's nothing pretentious about bachi burger.  The burgers are at a minimum some of the best burgers I've ever had, if not the best, but that may lead to inflated expectations if you go  there so let's just agreeto say they are really good burgers.. . I got the miyagi something burger.  It was a wagyu beef patty with a fried egg, onion rings, chili mayo, and caramelized bacon.  The temperature of the burger was spot on, medium with a nice, warm pink center.  The egg was cooked perfectly as well, over-easy with a nice runny yolk.. . The bun, an often unappreciated component of the burger, was soft, flavorful and appropriate in size (good mean to bun ratio) and absorbed all of the juices from the wagyu beef.. . For sides, we did the oxtail chili fries and the truffle fries.  Truffle fries seem to be the new en vogue thing now, so I was not blown away by them (they were pretty good though), but the oxtail chili fries embodied what I would think of when I think of a marriage of Asian cuisine with american junk food.  There are generous portions of oxtail (unlike Animal in LA who chinsy oxtail poutine was somewhat disappointing).. . In short, if you're willing to trek off the strip in vegas in search of a good burger, go to this place, you probably won't be disappointed, unless you're a charlatan.
We are frequents to the Las Vegas and Henderson area. Every time my family and I are down, we think of the plethora of great eats in these cities. A couple of weeks ago we found out about bachi burger and their food has opened my eyes. In California, the closest burger to compare (which doesn't match up IMO) is umami burger. At bachi, I tried their miyagi burger, and each bite was full of flavor. The bun was toasted to perfection and for some reason, the juicy richness of the meat never left the buns soggy (twss). If you're ever in town for a 5-star burger that puts all other burgers to shame, give this place a try!
Can I please die and go to Bachi Burger heaven!!! I planned an all week birthday celebration in Vegas and this was a MUST do along the way. If you're in town, do yourself a favor and make sure that you stop in. Since there were 12 of us we had everything--and there wasn't a single disappointment. My favorites were the cheese fries with Oxtail and the pork belly steamed buns...NEXT level amazing. The Banh-Mi, Crusty Crab, and Miyagi-san were also crowd favorites.. . The service was great. They handled the big party easily and we even did birthday shots and singing with our server. They offered us great recommendations on drinks and desserts and though we were dubious of the pop tarts but they were great and the donuts took the cake and sealed the deal. Bachi Burger has a permanent place in every Vegas itinerary. Can't wait for more!
Had the oxtail chili cheese fries, and spicy burger and it was so so delicious! Best fries and burger ever!! Will come back when I'm in town. :)
OMG! I came to Vegas for Iheartradio and i had to eat this place. . . WOW. I am lost for words. I got the. .  KIKI Burger-Angus  Beef, Sauteed  Shiitake, Enoki and Eryngii Mushrooms, Caramelized  Bacon, Sweet  Onion  Marmalade, Gruyere  Cheese, Garlic  Chili, Aioli. . Miyagi san burger -- Chili mayo, fried egg, Furikake caramelized bacon, crispy onion rings. . Ronin burger -- Angus beef, caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu BBQ, and Yuzu citrus aioli. . Hands down some delicious burgers. I WILL COME BACK. Service was on point and you got to get out of the strip to try some 'better' goods. WIN!
Bachi Burger is amazing. This is where I ate the BEST burger of my life. I wish it was a franchise cause I would totally invest every penny into it to bring it to NY. The Myagi-san burger changed my life, I will never look at a burger the same way again. This is not the burger that all other burgers will be judged against.. . I went to Bachi Burger twice during my stay in Vegas. The first time the food was EXCELLENT. We ordered: Myagi-san burger, truffle parm fries and the kiki burger with a red velvet milkshake to go. Everything was amazing. 5  star food and experience.. . The second time we went we got the Ronin burger, pork belly buns, oxtail fries and portuguese donuts. Everything was decent this time around but not outstanding like our first time there. Ronin burger was good but I felt it lacked a bit in flavor. The pork belly buns were different, but I thought they were only yummy when smothered in the sauce they came with. The Oxtail fries reminded me of just regular chilli cheese fries....the oxtail part did not really shine through flavor wise (Yelpers hyped this up so much I was kind of disappointed when I tasted it....go in with an uninfluenced mind and maybe you will enjoy them more than I did). I thought that the Portuguese donuts were a bit too dense and I would have preferred to have them served on a plate instead of in a paper cone.....sugar was everywhere. But these are very minor details. Over all the second time around I would still rate the food and experience 4 stars.
Modern decored  restaurant in an obscure mini mall a few mikes from the strip.  Got there right at opening so was promptly seated.  The Oxtail Fries were amazing although slightly on the sweet side.  A little spicier than I anticipated so I was pleasantly surprised.  The Bahn-Mi burger was also tasty, but once again slightly sweet.  The pickled veggies really make that burger..I'd want it piled high next time.  Can't wait to try the Ronin on my next trip.  Worth the $20 taxi to get out here!
Came here for Saturday at lunch - no problem finding parking or getting a table for two. Waitresses were really nice, but kind of absent when you actually needed them around. . . I got the Ronin Burger - angus beef, caramelized onions, cold slaw, miso dressing, yuzu aioli and a fried egg. It was messy, but it was really a melt in your mouth burger. The bun is really soft, slightly sticky like a baked porked bun. . . Truffle Parmesan fries - nothing special about these - you're better off trying a different side, especially for the price they charge for these truffle fries.. . Oh my goodness, that burger was amazing. You have to come back and try it for yourself.
I'm back home in Cali and I already want to go back to Vegas just so I can eat here again!  I saw the Ox-Tail Fries on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives and I craved it so bad.  It was really good.  The fried egg on top just made it even better.  The ox tail meat was savory and soft, melt in your mouth.  I tried the Ronin Burger, which is the most popular but I didn't really like it.  There was too much carmelized onions which I usually love but it made the burger too sweet.  My husband had the Miyagi-san's Wagyu Burger and it was so awesome!!  I ate half of his burger.  It was really savory and just good.  I wanted to try their Boba drinks but I was too full after.I can't wait to go back again!
This place has a nice concept and it's well executed . Trendy Asian Burger Spot . Sit down restaurant . It's not cheap but it's not unreasonable . . Got all the great Asian style drinks boba etc. Salt and Fries are good . Any burger will do. . Have the Malasadas it's on point
We had our reunion just this past week and this was one of the places that I was soooo curious about by reading all the praises about it..  When we stepped through the door of windmill address restaurant, I was already impressed with whole ambiance of the place..  Not your typical burger place that's for sure..  After taking a look at the menu, I was floored by the concepts of all the food!  Even the alcoholic drinks were intriguing!!  After constant deliberations..  I decided on the Miyagi-San burden and to share some oxtail chili fries...  The fries was simply awesome!!!!  Best fries in the world for at least a few minutes..  Till the Truffle Parmesan fries landed..  We have a new champion!!!  Unreal!!!  I was thinking someone needs to open one of these back home in Hawaii!!  The burgers had then came out and it was perfect..  Thick and juicy burgers!!  I was content!!  By far..  The best burger place I ever went to EVER!!
This place is absolutely sensational a great atmosphere and amazing selection on the menu. Staff were great with recommendations and really know their stuff. Well worth the trip away from the strip if you are in Vegas and want fantastic food
The best place for burgers ever!!! Here x 2 because of rave review from diners, drive-ins n dives via Guy Fierri. The pork belly and duck sliders, banh mi burger and kalbi burger.......delish!!!!! Every time I'm in Vegas...will stop by....it's a must do place to get the best in satisfying your burger craving...!!!
These burgers are nothing I've ever had before! We got the banh mi burger and it was ahhh-mazing. Words can't describe how good it was. Unfortunately I don't live in Las Vegas and been craving it ever since.
YUMM! most amazing burger ever! I work late and they are open late. Amazing food and excellent prices. Staff has definitely improved in the past year so despite previous complaints regarding staff. Fret no more. try the Manga Burger! YUMMY! Don't ask what's on it. Chances are you can't pronounce it anyway. Just eat it and ENJOY!
The truffle Parmesean fries is my form of crack. I constantly crave them and I could eat 3 servings in one sitting. I've always created my own burgers so it's always been good. .. fun fusion menu. Hard to go wrong if you ask me
Great food and great service. Unique flavors and great prices for the quality. Shogun Wagyu burger w foie gras is excellent (I'd leave off the unagi IMO) and Bahn Mi burger w beef,pork,shrimp is great as well. Peking duck buns are awesome and any of the French fries as well. Red sake sangria amazing & the Japanese white ale, hintachi or something like that was a really good beer. . . The bad: we went late, 1am,and they were cleaning. The smell of bleach almost made us leave but we stayed and it disappeared eventually. Bleach the floors when the customers are gone and the sign says closed. . . Awesome place!
For the LOVE of FOIE!!. . I knew I had to make a trip to out Bachi Burger the next time I was in Las Vegas when I heard about the Shogun Burger!. . I could tell that this restaurant was not your ordinary burger joint after taking one glance at the menu.  This is one of the more modern restaurants that serve types of burgers you would not typically find at your local burger joint.  Bachi Burger offers various Japanese-inspired burgers, dishes, and sides. . . The SHOGUN BURGER consists of Wagyyu Beef & Unagi, Pan Seared Foie Gras, Poached Asian Pear, Miso Butter, and Yamamomo Peach  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=Xc_YmEWXC7Rmv-9fncsOGA#Xc_YmEWXC7Rmv-9fncsOGA).  To be honest, my first bite was a little overwhelming from all the different flavors going on, lol.  But all the flavors melded together perfectly.  The wagyu beef was tender, juicy, and cooked to perfection.  The sweetness and tender poached Asian pear.  The rich, pan seared, slice of foie gras.  All of this, drizzled in miso butter, topped with arugula, in between a home made sweet bun  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=W9bCuQYgNjg2W-Fb2BBDkw#W9bCuQYgNjg2W-Fb2BBDkw).  Foie is already very rich to begin with, so I was not able to finish this burger in one sitting-- especially since we ordered sides as well.. . I tried some of my friend's CRUSTy CRAB Burger, but the burger was too salty for my liking.  It was difficult to taste all the flavors and ingredients in the burger but it wasn't too bad.  (Crab cake burger with mango chutney and tartar sauce).  The concept of making a "Spongebob-type" burger is cute though.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=JHZOUMJ4_JqyKjvo6aHHzg#JHZOUMJ4_JqyKjvo6aHHzg).  . . The SWEET POTATO FRIES were fresh, crispy, lightly salted, and served with a Yuzu Citrus Aioli dipping sauce  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=xgwqimbyTmxJTnzr7bRITg#xgwqimbyTmxJTnzr7bRITg).  If you are  afan of sweet potato fries, you will not be disappointed!. . The TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES were delicious.  Made with fresh cut potatos, tossed in white truffle oil, parmesan reggiano, porcini cream, served with sun dried tomato aioli  (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=QgvNAbzuAF7sNnz7TpFy0g&userid=F28n26ynklEioZDInyK__A).  . . If I weren't so full I would have ordered a few more items on the menu that made my mouth water:  the Peking Style Duck Steamed buns, Pork Belly Steamed Buns,  and Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries.  But that's just a few more reasons to come back! Woohoo!
Forget any burger joint you ever been to; transcendental is my experience..my bill was $120 with drinks for three people, gtfoh, i've spent more on a date with me andmy wife. OXTAIL CHILIE FRIES will change your life. The burger came i had the wagyu with the fois; i'm 220lbs and i was stuffed i wanted to go home and eat the rest of my burger later; I ordered pork belly sliders also. Decadent was my word for the day. I think about it at least once a month cant wait to relive my experience. If anything i'll order less food but there are so many little edibles to order before you get your burger. Check the reviews on youtube they were rated against the best burger bars in LV and hands down won. Taste, price, atmosphere everything you love about sushi bars, in strip malls, in vegas; great price, a lot of high quality food but with Burgers!
Came to Vegas for the weekend and wanted to try a local delicious burger spot! And I sure found one the garlic fries are super good with a hint of ginger ... Was a 40 min wait but it was worth it ! Wish they open one here in the South Bay in Los Angeles ! Hint hint :p
There burgers are amazing! I've tried three so far! My favorite one is the one with a fried egg and onion rings on it! And there ox tail fries are OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!!!!! Saki sangria is delicious! Taste just like a fresh wine and fruit sangria! LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!
Ronin Burger and truffle parmesan sweet potato fries. Amazing. No words to describe! That is all
Was recommended to try this place by a friend of mine who is a local.  This place is outstanding!  I'll be coming back here again in the future.. . Having choices of Wagyu beef for my burger was something I haven't seen since Mastros in Beverly Hills.  I'm starting to notice a trend of people using this more often than Kobe Beef.. . I had the Miyagi-san burger.  The buns are soft and buttery, the tempura onions were amazing and the egg adds to the flavor presentation.  Side order of Salt and Pepper Garlic Fries and my vice... Thai Tea.. . I like that they offer the option of adding a patty to their burgers.  While it would be impossible to fit it in your mouth with the leaning tower of ingredients found on this burger, I'm sure that for someone like me who is a protein hog would take advantage of it.
I had my usual, the signature BBQ wagyu beef, medium rare with the oxtail fries. Dam Good and satisfying.Very friendly staff as always. My friends enjoyed their Miso Burgers as well. I am glad to say that consistency and improvements are evident. One of my favorite places to bring family and friends from Hawaii. Their favorite is the Shogun that consists of Foie Gra cooked medium rare too.
Amazing burgers !  I had the Kiki burger and it was the best tasting burger I've had in my whole life.  The service was excellent. I drove from Arizona, over 90 miles to eat at Bachi Burger and it was worth every mile !
Amazing place. Service and food was off the chain!! A  MUST HAVE IS THE FISH BURGER....& THE LAVA CHOCOLATE CAKE...I'll take a picture of it before it's all gone lol. Love this place even with the long wait. . I had the Emily (the waitress, loveedd her earrings, and she was really courteous, informational & just a complete pleasure) & Ryoji (who periodically filled for water, who btw is complete eye candy)
Yikes.. . Crazy good.  I don't think I've had a burger as good as Father's Office.  But I think I did?  Not sure.. . Banh Mi Burger was pretty tasty.. Miyagi-san was good but mine was a bit dry.  Needed some extra sauce.. Pork Belly Buns (great.  still not as fatty good as Momofuku.  but second best pork belly buns). Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries (really good and was enough for 7 people to get a taste.  wish they had a smaller size for two). . Everything was delicious.  We waited about 20 minutes on a Thursday night to get seated.  But the food came out quick.. . Short drive from McCarran airport (so we got our rental car and went straight to Bachi Burger)
Saw this place on Triple-D and had to check it out while in Vegas. Pretty damn good. The oxtail fries might be a little over rated, but are still pretty good, and there's a ton of them. I had the Banh Mi burger and loved it. The staff was excellent. Everyone was really attentive and very nice.
Still in love with Fukuburger, but this place was great. Nice setting delicious food and our server was went above and beyond helping us with our orders.
THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!  I was in Vegas and decided to try this place and the burgers are amazing.  I had to go back again before we left Vegas (we never eat the same place twice).  This place is worth it.  I would go back to Vegas just to have these burgers and I am not even a Burger person.
The rumors are true.  This is THE BEST BURGER I've ever had.  If you've read my past reviews, you know I love trying new burger places.  RIP Holsteins. . . We took our food to go.  I was underwhelmed by the Oxtail Chilli Cheese Fries, but maybe that's because it was in a togo box?  I'll have to try it when I dine in next time.  And there will definitely be a next time.  The underwhelming fries did notmake me lower my 5 star rating.  That is how good the burger is.  Mmmmmmm I'm salivating thinking about it...
We tried the Ronin burger, Miyagi San burger, oxtail fries, Parmesan Fries, and kurobuta sausages. Between four of us, we all tasted the different foods and they were all good. Our server, Daniel was very attentive and explained the difference in the different tasting burgers. The topping to end our meal was a Peanut butter and Chocolate Shake with four straws. Awesome..
Hands down the best burger I have EVER had.  I always have a weekly In-N-Out craving, but after having this I was able to not eat fast food for a month.  (Not a joke).. . But, on to the specifics.  I came here with 3 other people, and I had "Mr. Ho's Burger."  When I first bit into it (and I'm not kidding when I say this), my eyes rolled back like the girl in the Exorcist movies.  Oh man.  There's only one other feeling that's better than this. (I think you know what it is, so that's why I won't say it.  Plus, I might get in trouble for it).  . . If you're ever in the area, you NEED to try this place.
Better than burger bar... Where else can I get my island taste than with a Burger... . . First off: Oxtail Fries are a must. Secondly: MIYAGI is my favorite... so much so that I'm scared to try other things because I won't have that favorite burger taste... . . MUST BRING YOUR FRIENDS
Do not let the pretentious look and vibe fool you.  This place has great food.  And unlike what I've heard from other reviewers, the staff is friendly and willing to help in whatever way necessary.  They'll cook it however you want it.  They'll add items or hold items if you want.  They will go out of their way to make your experience great.. . Everything we had was amazing.  The shrimp chips and truffle fries were great.  Everyone had a different burger - all were outstanding.  Even my 5-year-old's kids plain cheeseburger was great.  . . One caveat...  If you're anything like my wife and aren't an adventurist eater, stick to the "build your own burger."  You'll get a great burger made how you want it and you won't be disappointed.. . If you're in the area, stop by.  I'm sure you'll love it.
Update: went back with the husband this time. Still such a great place. We pretty much ordered the same burgers I reviewed. This time I tried the oxtail chili fries app. AWESOME! Fried egg yet again. Their oxtail chili was really good. Wish they put more on. Definitely a place I hit up everytime I'm in town. :)
Exellent, very creative burgers. Food is unique and tasty. I had the fish burger and oxtail chili cheese fries it was good! Service was also good. I can't wait to come back and try something different :)
Lots of hype around this place, and I can see why.. . I came here last night to eat with some friends (ok more than a few...there were like 20 of us), and I was pleasantly surprised. We were all able to be seated, but I don't know how long the rest of the group was waiting to be seated, and I'm not sure if they made prior arrangements or whatever. (I don't know that this is really the best place for large groups though...the restaurant isn't that big). With such a big group, I thought we would be there forever waiting for food and everything. Not so...the staff were very friendly and everything was a lot faster than I thought it would be. I was actually pretty impressed with the speed. The staff were very attentive, and they joked around with us. Also, not once were our water glasses empty, which I really appreciated.. . Anyhow, the food (which is why anybody is reading this review anyhow).... Oxtail chili cheese fries...fantastic! If you've never had oxtail, the meat is really tender and juicy, so it definitely adds a new dimension to chili fries. They also put an egg on it. Also, it's huge so consider sharing it.. . I ordered the black and green burger and it was delicious! You can definitely taste the quality meat in it. the combination of ingredients was quite superb. I guess it's a fancy burger, and for a burger it is pricey, but I think it's worth it, at least once in a while. Definitely something unique.. . I was quite satisfied, and had a great experience. :)
Went here on my last Vegas trip. I had The Miyagi-san burger which was very delicious. Also tried the Truffle Parmesan Fries they were soooo good. Definitely coming back to this place on my next Vegas trip.
WOW! WOW!! WOW!!!!.   Be sure to order the OXTAIL CHILI FRIES!! Just FRICKIN INCREDIABLE!!!!!! After the fries you might want to share a burger~ IF you both can agree on which one to order. The Kieki is my FAV!!!.    On the other end of desire~ the hot crab & cauliflower dip is a HUGE disappointment BLEH, BLEH, BLEH!!!.    Service is ALWAYS GREAT & every server we have had is helpful & very polite..    This is a MUST STOP however go to often and you won't fit thru the door to get in~
man ol man gotta have it!!!! soooooo goood
from out of town and have heard about this place from friends. We stopped by on a Saturday afternoon and there was an hour wait. We could not wait because we had plans. We returned Sunday evening for dinner and got seated right away. . . My table had the stir fried edamame with garlic, chili, and ginger. yummm! We also had a miyagi-san, green and blue burger, and kalbi burger. They were all fabulous! The truffle parkesan fries are addicting!
yummy yummy yummy. . they need to open a location in san diego.. . i had the kalbi burger.  tasted like mom's food served between two yummy buns.. . the oxtail french fry thing was to die for.
boyfriends family took us to dinner here since we were in town and we are sooooo obsessed!We are already planning to go back when in town again!! . . We started with the oxtail chili cheese fries, truffle fries and onion rings! OMG! delicious! I swear the best truffle fries I have ever had cause they glazed the top with the oil too! . . I had the Kalbi burger and the fam had the miso, black and green, and the bahn mi burger. my burger was korean bbq goodness, with the kimchi and everything! A must try! I had a bite of all the burgers on the table and was not disappointed. Ended with the lava cake for dessert and that also was delish! order it when you order the burgers as it take about 20-25 min to make =). . definitely cannot wait to try the other locations (since they have different menus). . . Loveee this place!
We went twice in two days, so...yeah. Somehow, my mom conned me into sharing with her both nights so that she could order wimpy non-burgers and feel cute and semi-virtuous while chomping down on half of my tasty meat creations.. . Visit #1 . . Miyagi-san Burger - Chili Mayo, Fried Egg, Furikake, Caramelized Bacon, Onion Rings - I love all these things, especially egg, on my burgers. Yes, I love egg even more than bacon. Everything together was...well, it's turning my mouth on just thinking about it. So good. So very, very good.. . Peking Duck Buns - Ordered without cilantro - The egg was a nice touch, but  eh, give me real peking duck at a Chinese restaurant.. . Truffle Parmesan Fries - Love the black truffle porcini cream. I could do without the sun dried tomato aioli, though. Just give my heathen self regular ketchup.. . Going again the next night was actually not my idea, but I had no objections.. . Visit #2. . Kiki's Burger - Shiitake, Enoki, & Eryngii Mushrooms, Caramelized Bacon, Gruyere, Garlic Chili Aioli - I love mushrooms and cheese, so I thought I might like this more than the Miyagi-san. It was fantastic, but the Miyagi-san was way better.. . Pork Belly Steamed Buns - Again, ordered without cilantro - Honestly, I know it's trendy, but I am just not into ordering these Chinese bun items at restaurants. I can slap this together at home in about 30 seconds. Exactly like the duck buns but with pork (duh). If you live in a place where you can't get Chinese pork belly I guess this would be exciting.. . Salted Caramel Shake - I had sort of wanted to have this the night before and decided the second visit was a sign for me to get it. It was very good but unsurprisingly very heavy. In all honesty, I shouldn't have ordered this. It was overkill.. . More Truffle Parmesan Fries!. . Because we went pretty late at night, there was no wait. Service was okay. In my crosshairs for future visits are the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries (several eaters needed) and Shogun Burger (Foie Gras my love!). Highly recommended.
Went here for the first time the other day. Was pleasantly surprised at how tasty everything was!. . Oxtail fries - crispy thin cut fries with a huge helping of oxtail toppings with an egg on top! Tasty!. Miyagi-san Burger - Burger was a little sweet from the seasoning. My fav burger. Shogun Burger - Intense! Fois topped burger + unagi as well. A lot going on!. Kiki's Burger - Mushrooms in the burger. Came out a little too earthy for my tastes. . Walked out STUFFED!
This taste sooo damn good!!!
Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries 5/5. These fries were a ridiculous combo. Ive never had a broken egg on top of fries but this worked out very well. It didnt completely sog the fries as long as you at em fast enough. Ive usually had carne asada or pollo on top of fries so the oxtail meat was refreshing.. . Truffle Parmesan Fries 5/5. This is easily one of the best truffle parmesan fries ive ever had. Generous servings with a good truffle aroma sprinkled with parmesan. the Chili dip was a good complement as well butyou dont even have to use that for these fries to taste good. . Ronin Burger 5/5. Im a sucker for onion rings or grilled onions on a burger so this was a easy choice for me. The katsu bbq sauce made the burger irresistable not to mention the meat was prepared well. I ordered the angus beef medium rare . . I highly recommended anyone in the area to come eat at this place!
Best burger joint ever! Customer service was fantastic!!! Can't get over how great the food was. If you go I recommend getting the Oxtail Chilli Cheese Fries! I could eat those for the rest of my life..
I make a stop at  Bachi Burger whenever I am in Vegas, even when it's a matter of hours and not days. I am still in love  with the Pork Belly Steamed Buns, but my go- to burger lately has been the Ronin. They renovated the inside and it looks great, much more inviting. The drinks are always interesting and delicious, it's never the standard fare here. I really appreciate that, because who wants to pay for a meal that they can make at home? I can make a cheeseburger, however an Angus Beef burger patty with Caramelized Onions, Japanese Cole Slaw, Miso Goma Dressing, Fried Egg, Katsu BBQ, and Yuzu Citrus Aioli is not as easily done. So the Ronin is a delicious meal that I highly recommend. I always leave Bachi Burger full and happy.
YOU NEED TO STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING AND GET YOUR ASS OVER HERE. . . I admit I saw this place on "diners, drive-ins, and dives" BUT as annoying as I find Guy Fieri, the Food Network comes up with awesome places for him to review. This place is no exception.. . The oxtail chili cheese fries are to die for. Seriously, what can be better than a delicious oxtail stew smothering perfectly crisp fries? A FRIED EGG. I can't really say anything else. I'm still salivating. . . The steam buns with pork belly were very good, not great. Don't get me wrong, they were very tasty, but the pork belly was a little dry and the fat was chewy - it didn't melt in your mouth.. . We ordered a Mr. Ho burger which comes with a taro bun! A TARO BUN! It actually tastes like taro! Surprisingly delicious! . . The kimchi burger was perfectly cooked. The kimchi was delicious, and the pickled cucumbers were super authentic. . . Oooohhh! I almost forgot they have angry orchard ON TAP! And they have a fireball angry orchard cocktail. Yeah, I know - pretty perfect. . . Honestly, nothing I say can give you the experience of eating great food, with perfect music, a super friendly staff and epic urban graffiti decor. just come here!
Coming from California, we have a lot of great burger places.  Being a fan of burgers, my sister, her friend and I decided to try out this place.  We're glad we decided to eat at Bachi Burger vs. pigging out at one of the buffets.  Why, you ask?  Because I dare to say (and a friend of mine will agree it is a bold statement) that if there is a Bachi Burger put in Los Angeles, this place will easily knock out my Number One burger spot!. . We got the ox tail chili fries and the truffle parmesan sweet potato fries.  Hoo Lee S***!  The truffle sauce and tomato aioli on the sweet potato fries are fantastic, and the chili fries are amazing!  I needed to look for my mama because I needed to slap her; yes it's that good!  And we didn't even get our burgers yet!  The red velvet shake was good, but was not something that stood out (maybe because I was having a food orgasm with the truffle fries!). . The burgers were just as mind blowing.  I got the Miyagi-San burger that has a Wagyu beef patty, onion rings, fried egg, Furikake infused bacon and chili mayo.  Our friend got the Mr. Ho burger, with Angus beef, green onion, cilantro ginger, Hoisin mayo, Lup Cheng, Mizuna and mushrooms... ON A TARO BUN!!!  My sister got the Ronin that has Angus beef with caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, fried egg, Katsu BBQ, Miso Goma dressing,  and Yuzu citrus aioli.. . ALL THREE BURGERS WERE FANTASTIC!!!. . I almost needed to look for my dad now and slap him too, it's THAT good!!!. . I must say we will now be coming to this burger place every time we visit Vegas.  As I finish up writing this review I realize I didnt get to critique the asthetics of the restaurant itself.  WHO CARES!?  If you are reading this and are in the Vegas area, get your rear to Bachi Burger and grab some bomb a** food!!!
Fancy, tasty burgers and sides and drinks! What more can you ask for? . . Def a place to grab lunch before the long trek back to LA.. . Though the Foie burger could do without the unagi. Though I normally LOVE unagi, itdid nothing to the sandwich beside made me more stuffed and cost me more money.
Made a purposeful lunch stop here as part of a long drive after seeing it on Diners Drive-ins and Dives and it was absolutely worth it!  Got the Bahn-Mi Burger and Kiki's Burger and they were both delicious.  The beef/pork/shrimp patty oh the Bahn-Mi burger was awesome and house-made fish sauce - so good!!!  Perfect balance of tangy and sweet.  I couldn't get enough of it.  Kiki's Burger was really good as well and the caramelized bacon and onion compote added a whole other degree of flavor to the burger.  May be too sweet for some people, but I loved it.  Both burgers were cooked perfectly medium and I'm sure would have been delicious on their own, but the different toppings on each made them out of this world.  I haven't attempted to get a burger since eating here because I know it won't compare.  Didn't get the oxtail chili fries or the BBQ pork buns from other reviews because we were so focused on the burgers but saw other people getting them and  they looked delicious - will have to try next time.  Definitely check out if you're in the Vegas area!
I had the miyagi-san burger and it was to die for! Not only was it bursting with flavor, it was cooked fantastically.  I'm usually disappointed with medium-well burgers, but this one is going on my top 5. My roommates and I woke up talking about when we are going again. Our new burger place!
I cannot wait for Bachi Burger to open its doors in southern California!. . The burgers are delicious and the oxtail chilli fries hit the spot.  Surprisingly, my favorite was their bloody mary.  So much flavor and the perfect way to end a Vegas trip.
This place is as trendy and hipster as a burger place can get. For wait times, I usually come in on weekend nights and I'm almost immediately seated.. . The waiters are top notch, they have good knowledge of their food, what's the best selling, refills on water, and the normal checking up.. . I usually order the ronin burger. It has angus beef, caramelized onions, japanese cole slaw, mis goma dressing, fried egg, katsu bbq, and yuzu citrus aioli aka just a bomb selection of ingredients. I've tried most of their menu but I feel like this is probably one of the best ones. Taking a bite out it the  yolk immediately oozes out and creates a secondary spreading on the burger making it even more juicy ^^. . This burger was definitely a 5/5.. . And with any of their orders I always get their truffle parmesan fries, it is always consistent and I never had a bad batch of fries from them. Fries are also a 5/5. Not too greasy, and has the right amount of parmesan.. . If I could change anything about the food is I wish they could give more sauce! It last only half the meal, and the charge for more :/ ..  . If you're anywhere in Vegas, I definitely recommend this place!
The Ronin Burger was one of the best I've ever had.  Combined with the Ox Tail fries, and you get a pretty ideal American meal.
Finally made it to this place last month after many trips to Vegas.  It was excellent.  My husband swears this is the first burger ever he has never had to put anything else on it, i.e,. ketchup, mayo, etc.  He loved it.  Since then he compares all other burger places with this one and none compares.  He had the Miyagi Burger.  Wanted to try to oxtail chili fries but decided to just savor the burgers first and expand on our tasting later.  We will definitely be back!
We love this place for all the unique flavors you get in their burgers.  In addition, the staff is always friendly and attentive.  A must try if you're a foodie
I LOVE burgers, but after having bachi, it'll change your perspective and have you saying, "I LOVE BACHI!" . . Trust me, it's like that.
I've been looking forward to coming here since I made plans to go to Las Vegasa couple of months ago. Since I've been waiting for so long, my expectation has been building up so high. When I get to the restaurant it's anti-climactic. Not today, Not here. . . You can smell the burgers from the parking lot. If the smell is half what it taste like, I was going to be happy. It was and more. . . We got here at 3pm on A Thursday, only a few customers were present. We got seated immediately. . . Here's the rundown:. Grilled Kurobuta & Arabiki Sausage - delicious, almost like a JapaDog but skinnier and smaller. It was served with some whole grain honey mustard, perfect pairing. Yum!!. . Pork Belly Steamed Buns - OMG Delicious. You get 3 per order. The steamed bun was airy. The pork belly was melt in your mouth goodness. Hoisin sauce made for a perfect little bite. My only quibble would be the boiled egg, which didn't add anything to the dish. A sunny side up quail egg would have been just over the top good on this, but that's just my take on it. It's still a very very good dish. . . Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries - another winner. A huge portion of perfectly cooked fries (crunchy outside, soft inside) topped with Garlic Aioli, Stewed Oxtail and a Fried Egg. The oxtail by itself was so good, but adding everything else was just superb. Must order for sure. . . Shogun Burger - talk about a decadent burger. The burger is made with Wagyu Beef topped with Unagi, Pan Seared Foie Gras, Poached Asian Pear, Miso Butter, Yamamomo Peach & Arugula. It was salty, sweet, bitter, peppery, savory deliciousness. Is this what they call "Umami" if not I have a word for it "Delicious!!" It's got a hefty price tag, but well worth it. . . My son had the Grilled Cheese w/ Fries, Carrots and Apple. It was served with a Bearnaise sauce on the side. My son is a picky eater, but he devoured that grilled cheese. The adults devoured that bearnaise sauce, oh so good. Anything with that sauce would be good. . . Usually reality out performs our expectations, not in this case. Reality out performed my expectations and it was high to begin with. Incredible meal. . . 5 Star Plus. I'll definitely be back.
Awesome!!!!!  Our server, Dan, was great... he went through the menu with us and had great suggestions depending on our likes.... he did not do us wrong!!!!  We started with the ox tail fries.... delicious!  I was surprised at how sweet the meat was, but the spicy from the peppers and onions was a great counter to the sweetness... I had the miyagi-san burger, and it was maybe one of the best burgers i have ever had!!!!  My boyfriend ordered the spicy miso burger, that too was pretty great!. . I will def. be coming back!
I was looking for a simple, casual, dinner in Vegas and this place was perfect.  It is located in a strip mall with plenty of parking.  We came around 6:30pm on Saturday and we didn't have to wait.  It is a little difficult to find because the sign blends into the building.  . . The service was great and place was clean.  The food was awesome, quite possibly one ofthe best burgers I have had.  I recommend the Spicy Miso burger.  The Oxtail Tail fries were awesome.  Who knew that a fried egg on top of the fries would be oh so good.  . . Loved this place!  I hope they open a branch in LA one day!
Mmm. My kaki burger was divine. Excellent quality and flavor. I would definitely return. The onion rings were more like tempura...pineapple ketchup is pretty tasty with.
awesome oxtail frys. All my friends are hooked now. Had the kimchi burger which is amazing as well.
Wagyu Burger is phenomenal.  Plantation style iced tea is the best!
This was my first time at Bachi Burger and I will definitely be back. I work in the evenings and by the time I'm off, most places are closed so I'm extremely happy to have found another late night place I can enjoy dinner at.. . The Miyagi San burger was amazing. Hands down the best burger I've ever had. We also ordered a side of fries with the pineapple ketchup which were good as well. The portions were great and filling.. . On top of that the service and management were wonderful.. . Can't wait for my next experience here.
One of my favorite burger restaurants in Vegas! They have all sorts of burgers (my personal favorite is the turkey burger) including options for vegetarians that are amazing as well. Love their truffle fries and they have a lot of varieties of boba tea as well. Perhaps the most shocking part of the whole experience is that it is moderately priced. They could easily charge way more for their food and keep it pretty reasonable. Service is always greatas well. Highly recommend this restaurant!
To put bluntly, if you're a burger lover, you will absolutely appreciate all the work that goes into the making of this over-the-top, eccentric, amazing menu.. . I went to the Windmill location with my husband and mother-in-law, and we had been looking forward to this since seeing Bachi on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives.  I already knew everything we were going to order: the steamed buns, oxtail fries, and lots and lots of burgers.  I swear I wanted to order every burger on the menu (and I thought I could honestly eat every single one because I'm currently pregnant).. . The wait: We were told there would be a 40-45 minute wait (lunch rush, totally understandable), and we had nothing else to do, so we sat. We waited maybe 30 minutes before being seated.. . The service: We had great service.  The waitstaff were attentive even though it was crazy nutjob busy.. . The food: We ordered the following -- (1) pork belly steamed buns: AMAZEballs!  I'm not a big pork belly fan, but the sauce on the side and the crisp radish in the buns make it a great appetizer.  It comes in a plate of 3, so we each had one. A fabulous amuse-bouche.  (2) oxtail chili cheese fries: very yummy!  Thin, McDonalds-like fries doused in chili beans, garlic aioli, oxtail and cheese. A huge serving -- you can easily share with 4-5 people. (3) Miyagi San burger, (4) Kiki's Burger, (5) Shogun burger. . . Note: The Shogun burger is no joke.  A $26 burger touting amazing high quality ingredients like wagyu beef, unagi, foie gras, and a bunch of stuff I can't remember. It was incredible.  Foodies will delight, just as we did, I'm sure!. . Drinks:  Make sure to ask which drinks have free refills and which don't.  The lemonade, for example, is fresh pressed and you order each separately.. . All in all, 3 burgers, the steamed buns, oxtail fries, a large Asahi beer and 3 lemonades cost us $100.  Which, for Vegas, isn't bad in my opinion.. . I can't wait for their Santa Monica location to open up in January.  This could be dangerous.
I'd have to say that Bachi Burger did a superb job of bringing Asian flavors into the typical American burger.  The buns and meat that Bachi Burger uses both have a distinct flavor to them that you could taste in every single one of the four burgers that I got a chance to taste.  It was very interesting to experience how the different toppings from the different burgers enhanced the inherent flavor of the meat and buns.  The four burgers we got were the kalbi, miyagi-san, kiki, and spicy miso.  Of the four, I thought that the kalbi and miyagi-san tasted the best, but that doesn't mean that I didn't enjoy the kiki and spicy miso as well.  . . The oxtail chili cheese fries were absolutely amazing as well.  These fries tasted less greasy than normal fries, and had a little bit of a sweetness to them that you don't normally get from normal chili cheese fries.  . . I'm not a truffle fries connoisseur, but the truffle fries here tasted pretty much the same as they did at other places that I've had truffle fries. . . Bottom line: Bachi Burger is the end game to what all asian fusion restaurants aspire to.
I can't get enough of this place and let me explain why they deserve 5 stars!. . Bachi Burger serves you the gourmet burger experience without the strip prices!. . I can personally vouch for The Crusty Crab sandwich and the Ronin Burger. Both burgers are extremely filling by themselves and each have their own unique Asian flair.. . You don't even have to be a fan of seafood or crab meat to enjoy what  The Crusty Crab has to offer. It's a great burger that doesn't have over powering flavor. Both the chutney and tartar sauce compliment the burger well.. . The Ronin, where to begin... I love the fried egg andthe angus beef is cooked to perfection. For $11 you get great quality ingredients and a filling portion size. The burger does have a sweet flavor however it's not overpowering.. . Overall, this place is far from perfect and service is definitely not amazing and hit and miss at times... But for the value this place is great and I have yet to try a burger that I don't fall in love with!. . Bachi Burger deserves 5 stars because they've got me hooked. Sure they're far from being perfect but they deliver on offering a quality burger and it's consistently pleasing. . . If you're a fan of trying new burgers especially with some asian flavored you'll keep coming back, guaranteed. . . The breakdown: (for what you pay). . Service: 3/5. Food quality: 5/5. Atmosphere: 4/5. Plating/presentation: 5/5
Truffle fries were amazing! I was a bit disappointed that I couldn't get a burger because I'm allergic to shrimp and evidently that is their secret ingredient. However, the turkey burger was awesome! My husband got oxtail chili fries and the Miyagi Burger. He said they were awesome... rivals Tim Love's dirty love Burger.
