love this place. perched high up on the 64th floor of the swanky 'the hotel' at mandalay bay this open,modern and fun restaurant has everything working in its favor. We got a nice corner table with a gorgeous view of the strip. We dined at Michael Mina @ Bellagio the night before for our wedding anniversary and were not quite impressed but this place more than made up for it. . . The bubbly rose moscato wine was by far one of the best glasses of wine I've had. The complimentary bread was a bit disappointing .. it was way too hard to be chewed and digested properly.. . . We ordered 2 entrees after consulting our server for recommendations. - cod brandade: This was by far one of the best seafood dishes ever to have gone down my throat. The cod was perfectly cooked and had great flavor and spices to go with it. . . - maine lobster curry with coconut basmati rice: Believe it or not this was my first lobster dish... the lobster itself was a bit chewy but the rice and the curry made the whole dish very delectable. . the chocolate souffle was served in a ceramic case and was extremely delicious although I would have preferred more of the pistachio ice cream on the top. . the best part was the complimentary madeleines served fresh from the oven .. perfect way to end the meal .. on our way out we had a sneak peek at the lounge but since we had to go somewhere else we did not have enough time to check it out .. definitely a must do for next visit ...
I love this place. The view from the 64th floor and the ability to sit and drink on the balcony makes this my favorite lounge in Vegas so far.. . What was really special, were the ladies bathrooms. The stalls are individual rooms that have a glass wall. So yup, you can squat while looking out at Vegas from 64 stories up. It's pretty mesmerizing.. . We didn't eat here, but were here for a private party. It was an open bar and all of the drinks were made perfectly.. . The DJ was pretty weak, and we weren't the only ones who thought so. When we did end up leaving, we walked into the elevator followed by a group of guys who were thinking the same thing out loud. . . Not many peppy "OMG THIS IS MY SONGGGGGG" moments going on here.. . I'd love to eat here or drink here again. The outdoor lounge has them ost fantastic views and the couch seats are incredibly comfortable, you could easily sit here all night.
It was our first time ordering a prix fixe meal and although it was a bit pricey, it was worth every single penny!. . My boyfriend and I came in for dinner around 7:30 and were seated immediately even though our reservations weren't till 8:00.. . We each ordered a different "chef tasting menu" and every dish was amazing.. . They brought out a variety basket of breads with two kinds of butter (regular and peanut) and tuna tartare before the courses started coming. . . For $120 I got:. Tender potato gnocchi. Roasted Maine lobster "au curry". Filet mignon rossini. Baba au rhum. . For $90 my bf got:. Spicy crab salad. Butternut squash ravioli. Seared diver scallops. Rack of lamb. Lemon tart. . I wish I could remember what the pre-dessert was called but it was served in a martini glass with a light foam on the top layer..  The post dessert was a "freshly baked" madeline served with chocolate or maybe nutella but it didn't taste too fresh to me.. . Favorites:. Spicy crab salad, foie gras & black truffle that came with the filet mignon, scallops, lemon tart, and the potato gnocchi.. . Least favorite:. Bread, madeline, baba au rhum, rack of lamb, and the filet mignon.. . The ambiance, decor, view, and service is awesome and it's just something everyone should experience at least once!  If you don't want to spend the money.. give the lounge area a visit.  We didn't have enough time or room for drinks but we'll definitely be back to give it a try.  I don't know if there's a cover or not but I do know it's free if you dine at MiX.  Your server will personally walk you over to the lounge and seat you... or at least he did for us :]
WOW. WOW. WOW.. . 1) BEAUTIFUL VIEW. want to impress a date? go here.. for sure. Make sure to check out the bathrooms! (weird right?!) You will be doing your business facing the strip on the 64th floor! (maybe do it at night, you might feel less exposed to the world even though no one will see you).. . 2) FANTASTIC FOOD. I am really only going to mention the lobster served on top of coconut rice as it is one of the signature dishes of Alain Ducasse. Alain Ducasse is the first chef to own restaurants carrying three Michelin Stars in three cities. He's a pretty big name in europe and boy is there something really fantastic about his food. This dish sounds simple, but everything was cooked to perfection. I was afraid of an overpowering coconut flavor, but to my pleasant surprise it was perhaps the best coconut rice I have ever had. When I was done with the dish I REALLY wished I could pick it up and lick it clean. Truly finger-lickin-good. . . 3) GREAT WINE: The wine selection was fantastic. Loved everything I had.. . I wont say much more other than, please try this place. It is certainly pricey at nearly $50 an entree, but it will be well worth the money. . . . **TIP: you can get a restaurant.com coupon here.
Very Impressive, great food, good service and incredible view.  This place sits atop the 64th floor of Mandalay Bay and is now my "go to" place in Vegas.  Had the Curry Lobster last time I was there which was delish.  If you want to impress a date or just have a good time check this place out.
The food was amazing!  Amazing atmosphere. Gorgeous view of LV. I can't wait to go back.
Can I give this place 6 stars?. . I'm still glowing from my visit to MIX.  I felt like a princess here: the atmosphere, the service, the foods, the yummy drinks- this place is heaven!. . First we sat down and ordered cocktails.  Xpresso martini is very good and the bread is fantastic.  You get three different kinds and two different types of butter: traditional and peanut butter.  The peanut butter sort of tasted like reeses peanut butter filling to me, so yummy!. . I joked to my husband about being chilly and jokingly rubbed my hands over the candle on our table and the "bread guy" came over and gave me a fleece blanket for my legs.  So nice!  . . Our entrees came.  I ordered the Wagyu and my husband had the tuna tartare and bison tenderloin.  He loved his dinner and mine was good but just not my taste.  So I was saving mine to take "to go," to he could have it tomorrow.  The waitor asked how I liked my dinner and I told him that the martini was good, not wanting to be a problem, but he insisted "very good, but how is your Wagyu?"  I told him it was okay but my husband will eat it.  He insisted I try another entree!  It's not like me to send something back, never did it before, especially when it was cooked just fine but it was something I never had before and didn't know I wouldn't like.  I ordered the NY strip steak instead- and it was SOOO fabulous.  I was so pleased that he suggested I try another entree.. . Our server's name was "Wayne," he's the best.  I plan to return here often and I'll ask if Wayne is working, he made our experience just that much nicer.  Pretty much all the staff that we ran into was very friendly.. . Unfortunately the lounge was reserved for a convention party but Wayne says we can get in tomorrow if we show our receipt.  We might do it.. the view was beautiful from the lounge.  It was beautiful from where we were sitting also, on the patio.  . . I have nothing negative to say about this place.  I hope they do really well.  Our bill was $200 which is pretty steep but WELL worth it. . . I recommend the cheesecake martini!  The best martini I've ever had which should mean something because I am a conneseuir by now. :-). . Yay Mix!  I'll see you next week when my cousin comes to visit us.  Yelpers- go here.  If nothing else, for the view, drinks, and desserts.  The desserts are fantastic.
Excellent cuisine, polite staff and awesome view! We were seated right by the window for a perfect sunset view. Ordered the spicy crab salad for appetizer and it's highly recommended. Would definitely come back again! :]
Breathtaking view of the Vegas strip! A must see. Dim, intimate lounge setting inside.
Wanna chill at the top of Las Vegas? Or a hot date to impress? You gotta visit Mix lounge! With a Magnificent view of LV, great way to toped off the night relaxing at  the patio area.. . Went here on a Wednesday night, it was 1 hour before closing time. There was no coverage fee(maybe I got lucky?). If you stayed at The Hotel, you get $10 off the coverage. Also, I got a coupon for $10 off coverage after spending some money at a bar somewhere in the Mandalay Bay or The Hotel during happy hour.. . Only reason I came here was because I stayed at the Mandalay Bay. Didn't feel like going too far to go clubbing...so found this place(So glad that I did). Now I know where to take the ladies! ;)
Okay Im a bit torn here, Im giving a five star for the RESTAURANT, we loved the food, the view, the drinks, but the best part was the service.   Our waiter's knowledge should be the standard for all higher end restaurants, he answered al of our questions, knew the ingredients, and preparations perfectly.    He was also passionate about it, gave us great recommendations, I wish more restaurants would realize that amazing service can outpass the food......its all about the experience......although i will say our meal was fantastic.  Try the souffle for dessert its amazing!. . The club is a 3 star at best, great view, okay people, a little slow, and the bartenders can be snarky, there are better clubs in Vegas.
Great place with incredible ambiance and, what a view! The lounge is where I spend most of my time when I visit this place. The overall theme is Champagne and Strawberries. You can see the theme played out between the restaurant and the lounge. The service on both sides is top notch. Yes the food is expensive and portions are a little small, but for a five star french restaurant, what more could you expect? The food is absolutely stellar! . . I have spent a lot of time here and if you can get out onto the patio, you will definitely not be disappointed at all! One of the best angles to view the strip from 64 floors above the street. There isalso a very interesting view in the woman's bathroom.... Hope you aren't bashful!
My favorite. The service is untouchable. Feel the need to feel VIP in one of the worlds best restaurants? Come to the Mix. If you are taking a date for the first time, you are going to get laid.
Fabulous club, dj, cocktail waitresses, views, music, and seating! My family and I had a great time at this club. We just wished it was open longer! To top it off, the views from the restrooms are AMAZING. =)
I took my wife to the mix for our anniversary and we both loved it. It is very pricey but it is a very romantic place and very quiet. The waiters are amazing and they take care of you all night. Very great place didn't know what to expect the first time but would definitely go back again. You can dress up or go casually. Very great place and food is outstanding.
Wow!.  Amazing food, decor, and view.  My friends and I dined at MIX to celebrate one of my friend's birthday...what a wonderful experience.  We ordered the tasting menu.  Started with amuse bouche of lobster on top of citrus gelatin.  very good flavor.  Next was the gnocchi...best Iever had.  the potato gnocchi was so smooth and flavorful...not chewy like most places.  Then they served lobster curry on bed of coconut rice.  They gave large pieces of lobster.  You can literally smell the sweet aroma of lobster as they were serving it.  Next course was filet mignon topped with foie gras and truffle.  Steak was tender, but most impressive was the size of the foie gras on top of the steak.  cooked perfectly.  Don't taste too much of the truffle though.  The dessert was ba ba rhum (sponge cake topped with rum and cream)...the only low point of the meal.  sponge cake was good, but the whole dessert was plain.. . The decor is modern contemporary...the view is amazing.  on the top floor of THE hotel (next to Mandalay Bay).  Don't forget to visit the restroom.  There are windows on top of the urinals so you can enjoy the view.  The toilet faces outwards toward a large floor to ceiling glass window...very unique indeed.
This place earned the 5 stars.  Service was exceptional.  All the staff were smiling, no one walked by without checking my table to see if I needed anything or to remove a dirty dish or pick up and empty Sweet 'n Low packet.  My server was Haydee, and she was marvelous!. . I got the Ducasse Classics, the grand tasting menu.  Before ordering, I asked the area manager for my section of the restaurant--who took my order--if I could switch dessert because I didn't want to have the Baba Au Rhum with the small bottles of rum and cream alternately poured on the cake.  He had me look at their a la carte menu and pick any dessert from that--even the souffle and he would substitute.  That's customer service and it's very accommodating. . . Bread basket:  Standard types of bread.  One in particular had red bell pepper baked in it.  That was great!  There was regular butter in a small holder with two sides.  On the other side was a peanut butter spread.  It was excellent when you let it come to room temperature.  Heavenly flavors.. . The courses:. . Amuse bouche:  Mango and shrimp coulis with sliced daikon and sliced red radish.  Very light and tasty.. . Appetizer:  Potato gnocchi with two varieties of mushrooms, sunchoke, parmigiano reggiano with veal jus.  There were a couple of baby escarole pieces that just set off the presentation of the items.  The gnocchi were absolutely the softest gnocchi I have had!  Superb!. . Fish:  Roasted Maine lobster "au curry" on bed of coconut basmati rice.  There was not much curry flavor at all which would please some because there was certainly no flavor to overwhelm the delicate and sweet lobster. I tasted no coconut flavor in the basmati rice.     One small glitch here--there was a piece of lobster shell I bit into.  Now, if I were Scott Conant on "Chopped" I would have made that deep frown and made some remark about good chefs being careful about what they serve.  It happens and was no big deal.. . Meat:  Filet mignon Rossini.  A perfectly cooked filet--rare just as I asked with a large piece of delicate foie gras and several slices of black truffle.  It's the first truffle I ever had.  Before, someone merely waved some truffle above the food and said, "OK, here's your xxxxxxx with black truffle oil."  This was very tasty!. . Pre-dessert:  A martini glass with a passion fruit base and a rum foam for a topping.  Very refreshing and an excellent palate cleanser.. . Dessert:  miX Candy Bar.  A candy bar made with alternate layers of graham cracker and chocolate all dipped in chocolate.  There was some edible gold leaf on the candy bar.  With it was a lime coconut sorbet.  The lime was very dominating such that again I tasted no coconut.  They must use only a small amount of coconut flavoring.. . Post dessert, dessert:  A different server brings to your table some warm Madeleines in their mold fresh from the oven.  You remove your own Madeleines with your fingers.  You also get a small bowl of Nutella with a very small spoon to spread the heavenly hazelnut-chocolate goodness on your Madeleine.. . I think I'll make a return visit here when it's winter and it's darker early.  The city's lights were just coming on but it wasn't yet dark enough to fully enjoy the lights of this great city!
This place was impeccable! The service was amazing and the views did not disappoint. We initially booked this reservation based on the beauty of the restaurant but the food turned out to be the star. We started with the gnocchi and, as others have said, it was incredible....probably one of the best things I have ever tasted. The pea puree was so delicate! Our main course included a wonderfully done duck breast and delicious pistachio encrusted halibut. Portion size was very small for the duck but perfect for the fish. Everything was presented beautifully and had amazing flavor. We ordered profiteroles for dessert and the ice cream came on a bed of smashed merengue cookies which added incredible texture to the dish. . If you are looking for an amazing meal in a very romantic restaurant then this is the place for you!
This is a great place for a special occasion dinner. Great view, attentive service, nice menu with good presentation. You pay a high price, but they make the experience worth it for the most part.. . Try the shrimp cocktail for a surprise that you weren't expecting and is well worth it. The wagyu beef is one of the lower priced entrees, but is wonderful. An upgraded pot roast the melts in your mouth.
Time to update, I finally ate in the restaurant.  Since I've basically declared the Mandalay Bay my second home (not by choice btw), I've come to know and love the fact that restaurant.com offers discounts to almost all of their restaurants.  It allows business people without an expense account, like myself, the opportunity to eat good food without feeling the urge to jump off the beautiful balcony when the check arrives.  So thanks restaurant.com!. . The interior of the restaurant is stunning.  Definitely worth the trip just to see it.  I would have been happy dining inside but we were escorted to a table outside so that we could enjoy the beautiful view.  Nice!. . After deciding against a cocktail.... . ***sorry, I have to add a side note here.  Mix, update your cocktail menu!  The cocktails on the list are reminiscent of Sex and the City circa 1994!***. . we decided to check out the wine list.  If you're not dining at Mix for a special occasion, you can get away with a$50 bottle.  It won't be great, but hey, when you've been working for 12 hours, who cares.  We settled on an unmemorable bottle of white.  . . We started with the 1/2 portion of foie gras.  It was gigantic.  I kept wondering if they brought the full order because it was so big.  Definitely large enough for 2.  It was amazing.  . . For the main course, I chose the braised wagyu en cocotte.  It was phenomenal.  The most tender and delicious meat that I've had since I can remember.  I don't think I even needed a knife.  I would comment on what my friend ordered but who the heck knows.  I don't think I even looked up from my meal to see.  It was that good.. . At the end of the meal we were stuffed.  I don't think I was able to finish my main course but there's always room for ice cream.  We went with the homemade ice creams and sorbets - coco lime, buttermilk and butter pecan.  Worth every calorie.. . To top things off, our server was cool and very professional.  He took great care of us.  It was a great way to end the work day.  I loved it!
My husband took me here for Valentines day, the dress attire was dressy casual as long as you don't wear sandals and no tank tops for the men. Walking in you can help but notice the beautiful, chandelier hanging, it's not hard to miss being as huge as it is. The view at the top of Mandalay Bay is just breathtaking, day or night. It has such a very romantic atmosphere with candles lit on all of the tables.  Our waiter was so very helpful, my husband and I are from a small town so him explaining exactly what was what on the menu and giving us his personal opinion was greatly appreciated, and his attitude toward us was awesome to say the least, he was so friendly. My husband ended up ordering just a beer to drink but I ordered a blue martini (can't remember the name now) but it was amazing! Perfect, with a cherry at the bottom! For dinner we each ordered the strip steak. I cannot begin to describe how juicy it was! Probably one of the best steaks that I've ever had! I'm sure my husband would say the same. The chef really does care about the people that come in to eat his fabulous food, while your in between waiting for your drinks and dinner he sends out taste testers which were also amazing. For desert, we ordered (with help from our fabulous waiter) Grandpa's Hat which is a chocolate covered souffle. The very special part of this amazing dessert was it was in the shape of a cowboy hat and had cherries that were soaked (and when I say soaked, I mean WOW) in bourbon inside the souffle and a couple on the plate with some cherry sauce. All in all, this place is amazing. I would recommend anyone try it at least once. I can guarantee you won't be disappointed!
went there a couple of weeks ago. Party of five. Everyone enjoyed their meal. We had multiple appetizers and each had a different main course. Everyone was happy with all the food. I had the braised Wagu, very good was surprised as it was one of the least expensive entrees. Never had it before so wanted to try something new. Service was great. All in all, very good restaurant, not great but very very good.
I can't really think of a better "special occasion" restaurant in America. Right off the bat, the view of the Las Vegas Strip from the lounge is breathtaking. It's a fantastic place to have a few drinks before dinner, or just in general if you aren't there to dine. Even the view from the restroom is fantastic. The main dining room is very contemporary and minimalistic. Hundreds of hand-blown glass bubbles fill the area, so it almost feels like you're sitting in a glass of champagne. But what really sets this restaurant apart is the food. From start to finish, EVERYTHING we tried was EXCEPTIONAL. The one dish that really stands out in my mind was the Fillet Mignon Rossini. Being a big fan of foie gras, chef Alain Ducasse really hit a grand slam with this dish. It was easily the best steak I've ever had. On the downside, the prices are a bit on the upper end but you certainly won't be disappointed. So if you're ever in the Las Vegas area for a special occasion, Mix should be on the top of your list for fine dining dinner spots.
Foundation Room is cool but MiX is cooler. Everything foundation room can do, MiX can do better. The setup, the view, the bars and the seating. Unlike foundation room next door, MiX is more of a lounge than a dance club in nighttime hours. Situated on the 64th floor of The Hotel this sure is a hip and stylish environment.. . Oh yeah, MiX has some cute waitresses, they disarmed you quickly with their looks and you end up tipping 50% like I've done many times just because they're beautiful. So go along the ride to the top, you won't regret checking this place out. It's Vegas at its finest with all its wonders waiting outside for your viewing pleasure as far as the eye can see. For some of you the view will be jaw dropping. Enjoy
I heard many great things about MIX prior to going and it definitely exceeded my expectations. First of all the view is amazing! It's the type of amazing a photograph can't capture, you have go up there and see it for yourself. The food was nothing short of excellent. I had the gnocchi for appetizer and the filet with foie gras. I was so happy and full by the end. . . The service was also excellent. i went a while back with a group of friends who were still in college. I already knew we were a group of obnoxious students and I could tell the waiter was very frustrated with us, but he patiently endured through the whole time :P By the end I think he was more amused by us than annoyed.
This club is really cool, great place to take your girl for drinks and still be able to talk to her. Cheap to get in, elevator ride up is fun because you see the whole strip up. The view from the club itself is amazing, drinks are pricey but well made and strong. Must check it out.
For me, the experience at the club with food and drink was 5 star. . . I hosted a party for 25 in the club early in the evening, from 6-8pm. Best to get there early before the little 30somethings arrive. I had worked with the kitchen a few weeks before, selected 9-10 apps and desserts to be passed by servers, with a hosted bar for all drinks. . . First, the service was impeccable. 3 girls, very pretty and super friendly, along with a nice and knowledgeable guy behind the bar. Food came out at a very reasonable pace, and no one went hungry. . . Second, food was amazing. Highlights included black sesame tenderloin beef on mini-skewer, and Ducasse's stunning shrimp cocktail with horseradish panna cotta. Really delightful, flavorful and perfectly executed. Nothing was old, wilty or less than perfect. . . Third, amazing pricing. 2 grand for food, liquor and views for 25 people. Couldn't do better if I cooked the stuff myself and rented a suite. . . The secret is to pick the earlier hour, before the disco dollies have even left the pool, and be kind to all the service people you meet there. Attitude begets attitude, and believe me these workers see a lot of it in Vegas. Hopefully the club kids will all flock off to the Palms or some other MTV-like horror and leave this place alone. . . Some of the best food and service I've seen in Vegas, and a view that can't be matched. Highly recommended.
gave it two chances. stellar both times. kitchen tour, signed menu, etc made it xtra cool. view? yeah so does signature room in chitown. go for the food and service. not uppity, expensive yes, but one Michelin star and Alain ducasse pedigree gotta just do it. for the love of God don't get a a filet go birds or hogs. can't miss. wine list?? amazing. definately will go back
FOOD REVIEW:. . Heidi was our server, she was absolutely the sweetest. LOVE.. . We went right when they opened so it was pretty empty. We got to see the sunset.. So beautiful! This place definitely would look better at night though. Sit down around 7:30pm.. . Foie Gras, mint ice cream, waygu, and sea bass. The foie gras was amazing (what do those ducks eat?!) and the mint ice cream was a happy melody of all different kinds of mint such as spearmint and wintergreen. We got chocolate syrup and chocolate pearls as toppings. The waygu was delicious, fell apart nicely. The sea bass was light in flavor, really good though.
Mix has it all: impeccable service, delicious food, beautiful view, and lovely decor...what more can you ask for especially when you pre-purchase a giftcard on restaurant.com for $50 off your exquisite dining experience?!  The restaurant is perfect for a special occasion.  You should go to the open air lounge area to take pictures of the amazing view of the glittering lights of the Strip.. . My absolute favorite restaurant in Vegas.  It is where luxury meets affordability. I recommend the crab salad for appetizer, the caramel butter cod, and sauteed mushrooms.  I always get the same dishes since I love them so much, but I will attempt to try new ones too since they all look yummy.  Try to save room for dessert, but I always have a hard time since the complimentary bread with homemade peanut butter always become too tempting!. . The French manager Nicolas is wonderful, and he made extra efforts to ensure my friend's request for vegetarian dishes can be accommodated.. . Merci beaucoup!
This is one of my favorite clubs to go to in Vegas. There isn't a strict dress code so my hubby can still enter with his sneakers and hat. My favorite thing about this place is the panorama exquisite view of the strip which you can view from the bar, the dance floor, the outdoor balcony, and the bathroom. I also appreciate that this place doesn't get too packed where you can actually have room to dance.
The View, The decor, ahh the food for the price..eh it was good though...
I had two amazing dinners here on a recent trip to Vegas. I had to go twice because the first time was so wonderful, I had to see if it wasn't just a fluke. . . First off - if you get a waiter named Randy, you are set! He is so attentive and friendly (without being invasive). . . The ambiance of the entire room is like you're floating on a cloud - the glass bubbles that surround the central seating creates a fun vibe. We wondered why many of the tables near the window in the restaurant don't have the best view of the strip. We figured it was for two reasons: (1) So the Mix Nightclub and Balcony dining could have the amazing view; (2) So the diners would focus inward on the clean and bright decor. . . After reviewing the menu, Randy gave us his suggestions for dinner. Definitely get the Shrimp Cocktail with the spicy sauce to start. The horseradish isn't overwhelming since it's tempered by the tomato sauce. . . We also tried the Steak Rossini - one of Chef Ducasse's specialties. For my taste, it was a little heavy for me, but still very flavorful and tender. . . The Pepper-Crusted Buffalo is another great choice if you're looking for a leaner cut of beef. . . The star of the menu (in my opinion) is the Cod Brandade with lemon, capers, brown butter, and fried parsley. AMAZING doesn't begin to describe how velvety smooth this fish is prepared. It simply melts into your mouth and you wish that the dish will never end! . . If it's summer, try the asparagus as a side - they shave down the sides of the stalk, relieving some of that woody textureto it. Steamed, then finished in olive oil and butter, it'll make you want to finish all your vegetables. . . No dinner is complete without dessert....but what does MIX do? They bring you a complementary lemon cookie (WARM) from the pastry kitchen to be eaten with nutella. Wow!! But, don't you dare stop there! Be sure you have the Mix Candy Bar (and ask for another scoop of caramel ice cream to be served with it). Simply the perfect finish. . . I'd happily go back here again and hope you have the same experience as I did. Cheers!
We were here for a private party and hence had the balcony! The views from this place are amazing, service is unpretentious and overall, a recommended place to hang out!
Wow, amazing view, exceptional service (Randy is an outstanding waiter!) Food was amazing. I had the filet mignon, which I have to say is probably in the top 3 I've ever eaten. The mac & cheese with ham is delicious as a side. My wife had the halibut, which was very good and quite light (she didn't want to stuff herself). Definitely coming back and recommending to everyone.
I loved this place! A few tips...arrive early if possible to have the best selection of open tables. Ask for the South side which has a better strip view. If it's not too hot outside you can request an outside table that has the best view of the strip. I got a $50 discount so it was a lot more affordable. Cocktails are about $16 each, so if you want to save money go for a glass of wine or no alcohol. I wrote about how I got my discount in my blog if you want more info letsjetset.com.
First of all, you can't beat the view from the 64th floor of The Hotel at the Mandalay Bay.  The evening view of the Strip is unparalleled.  Beyond the hip lounge is the restaurant.  From the lounge you walk through a corridor where you have an opportunity to view the open kitchen.  I like watching chefs work and this was a treat.  Then you step into a cream white colored paradise.  Feels like you stepped into a glass of bubble filled champagne.  . . We ordered off of the Restaurant Week menu - go Three Squares!  The grilled foie gras was probably the best that I have ever had and I eat a lot of foie gras.  The foie is so much sweeter when it comes from corn fed ducks as opposed to pellet fed ducks (from Hudson Valley for example).  It shows that the chef knows how to source his ingredients.  . . The rest of the dishes were delicious but I loved the cheesecake dessert.  The sweet fluffy and light mouse cheesecake was paired with a more savory sour cream sorbet which I loved!  The sorbet was such a surprise and delight that I forgot about the cheesecake.  . . Service was impeccable.  The waiter knew his cuisine.  Overall, a wonderful dining experience.
GREAT SERVICE! Spectacular VIEW! Good food!. Had the ribeye, lobster au curry, mac n cheese,  too bad no room for dessert. . Ribeye(med-rare)- perfectly pan seared. Lobster au curry- party in my mouth, DELICIOUS.. Mac n' Cheese- way too cheesy! Consisitancy made it seem like they melted some cheese in heavy whipping cream, but went cheap on the quality ofcheese, the bits of ham were just weird.. drinks- green tea, surpisingly served at the right temperature and LOOSE leaf, no tea bags here, wait staff even told me to wait a few minutes for it to properly steep (brownie points), & Seirra Nevada, nice pairing with  steak for non vinophiles.. 2nd visit Still 5 stars. This time it was a toss up between lamb and braised wagyu. I got the wagyu on waiters suggestion, it tasted like pot roast, oh well. Steak was again perfect. I finally got to try the lemonverbana tea, excellent. The mix candy bar itself tasted like a freshly made kit kat, mixed with the lime sorbet, it becomes that perfect NYE kiss. Service was on point.
This place is delicious, and really just outstandingly beautiful. I took my girlfriend here for her birthday last year because I found it online at Restaurant.com and looked at the reviews and the restaurant website, and was sold when I saw that #1 it's Alain Ducasse (whose restaurant itinerary is an impressive 24 restaurants at the moment and who has his own culinary school in Paris- a true pioneer of French cooking) and #2 I saw pictures of the restaurant. If you look at my picture you'll know what I'm talking about. The impact of the ceiling to floor hand-made blown glass sphere's that surround an intimate and prestigious table for one in the center of the restaurant really takes your breath away. And actually, we learned from our waiter, that the table placed in the middle of this glass ceiling jewelry is no longer allowed to be used, because it is not handicap accessible (they're stairs).. . For dinner we had ZERO complaints, which pretty much has not happened for me at any restaurant. One of the best dining experience of my life. Here's what my girlfriend and I enjoyed for dinner:. . Shared appetizer:. TENDER POTATO GNOCCHI with sunchoke, Parmigiano Reggiano and  veal jus. The BEST gnocchi I've ever tasted. Tender is an understatement.. . Entrees:. ROASTED MAINE LOBSTER "AU CURRY" with coconut basmati rice. Speechless, just speechless.. . COD BRANDADE with lemon, capers, brown butter, croutons & fried parsley. Those croutons were basically a vehicle to supply your taste buds with a burst of butter, and that coupled with the largest capers I've ever seen (they were the size of peas!) and the fried parsley- just incredible.. . Now that I've popped my Alain Ducasse cherry, I will definitely be visiting Adour New York and Benoit New York when I have a large chuck of change burning a hole in my pocket. Oh, and if you go, check out the bathroom in Mix Lounge next door. You'll see what I mean when you get there.
We love MIX!  We come here every time we are in Vegas now.  The food is really great, and the drinks are always good.  And did I mention the view..... . I always get the filet mignon rossini.  Probably the most expensive thing on the menu, but you have to try it at least once in your life!  And the baba ah rhum cake is a perfect end to the meal.. . Try MIX at least once in Vegas.  Great atmosphere and food.  This would be a great special occasion meal.
This place is awesome...you get an entire view of the strip and the staff is excellent.  It's a great place to take guests from out of town.
In mot sure what I likemore the food or the view. Both ar great. Worth coming. A bit pricy but you get what you pay for.
AMAZING!!! I loved everything about this restaurant; the food, the service, the views! We sat on the outdoor patio for dinner and it was perfect!
One of the best meals I've had this year was at MIX. No, we didn't get the "spectacular view" table. We got the partial "spectacular view" table. We got the view of the Rio and Palms. I thought our meals were going to be decent with the help of the view, it would be amazing. Apparently, the view didn't even count towards this review because our meals were AMAZING(yes with capital letters).. . I like how they brought us the bread basket and instead of just butter, they brought us Peanut Butter & regular butter. Bread was delicious and the peanut butter was really good. It tasted fresh and not too sweet. We told our server, we were going to use our restaurant.com certificate. Our server was kick ass. He was very gracious and very upbeat. The fact that we had a certificate with us didn't change the quality of his service. . . I had the Halibut with Bok Choy, Jesse had the Duck dish. Again, for this dinner we shared a bowl of Garlic Mashed Potatoes. I was in the mashed potatoes kick during our trip. My Halibut dish was beautiful. The taste was clean, fresh, and the sauce was perfect. Jesse loved his dish too. However, the star of our meals was the Garlic Mashed Potatoes. I ate most of it and felt bad (guilty feeling) afterwards.. . Service was excellent. Our server was very chatty, but not in the annoying way. He asked our opinions about our meals. At the end, he gave us complimentary Madeleine cookies with Chocolate dipping sauce. I thought that was really sweet of him. . . I will highly recommend MIX for all of you. With our without discount certificate, this place is worth a try. At least once.
Work took me here for a nice birthday treat. Just like everyone else has stated - the view is here is amazing!! If you can't afford dinner here at least go for the HH on the outdoor balcony. Such a great view of the whole strip - you can see right down the whole thing!. . Anyways for food, I'd totally recommend the Braised Waygu beef. Out of this world. . . Bathroom was also pretty awesome. You can see outside while doing your thing! A lil odd at first but check it out.
Went for drinks after getting into Vegas at 11pm on a Friday night.. . Great way to start our weekend!  Even though it was freezing outside (~40 degrees), we were able to sit on the semi-open 65th floor patio by the heat lamps and feel nice and toasty.  Amazing views of the strip, the best of any other penthouse bars we visited.. . The drinks were pricey but it's Vegas.  My lychee martini was quite good.  The best part was that we were able to sit in the "reserved" seats without ordering bottle service.  That's a big plus in my book.
Be ready to sign overyour first born but it is totally worth it.  The food, the service, the atmosphere and lastly the view all combine to one of the best dinning experiences of my life! No walls, just massive glass windows that let you peer in every direction over the Las Vegas Valley. When we visited, we did the Alain Ducasse Grand Tasting Menu. Completely worth the price and the additional wine pairing was spot on. If you have a chance, go there. NOW!
Hidden on the 64th floor of TheHotel at Mandalay Bay Resort is MIX, Alaine Ducasse' Vegas restaurant. It is a gorgeous restaurant with a beautiful view of the south end of the strip. At night it also doubles as an ultra lounge witha dj that spins house music. . . We went here for my birthday dinner during a Vegas birthday trip last night and was thouroughly satisfied. We started off with various apertifs which were nothing special. We started off with a complimentary bread basket served with whipped butter and fresh peanut butter which was deelish. . . I had the 10 oz NY strip with the house sauce and asparagus and mushroom fricasse for sides. I must say, the steak with the sauce was the best I've ever had. So yummy, its making my mouth water just thinking back. The sides we're also very tasty and complimented the steak nicely. . . For dessert, I had the coco lime sorbet with candied almonds on top. It was very refreshing and light. A perfect dessert for such a heavy protein meal. They brought out the dessert with a sparkler and Happy Birthday written in chocolate on the plate, a very nice touch, I thought. . . After dessert, they brought us fresh baked madeleines which I found out was thei signature "end" to the meal. Yum!. . The MIX is a fantastic fine dining experience with a great atmosphere and first class service. Expect to pay at least $100 per person for a 2 course meal & aperitif, however, it is very much worth it.
I guess a restaurant with a 4 Diamond rating doesn't need another review. I've been to a lot of fabulous restaurants, mostly in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and I always rave about a great restaurant. I can honestly say that our waiter made the difference for me here. This guy looks like he was a 20 year old scene kid with some of the craziest hair I have seen. And he blew me away with his knowledge of wine, regions, vineyards and history when totally caught off guard. He was prepared for every question we had, topic of discussion. He proceeds to modestly share that he worked for The French Laundry. He was sooo attentive, so friendly and his presence and skill at his job just left me in awe. Seriously. Anyway, to the food. We were brought a bread basket with some very unique spreads and butters. Try them all. Hands down the best filet I have ever tasted. Pepper crusted with a bernaise sauce. My friend wanted to order the Wagyu like we've had before out here for about $10 an oz. $34 an oz here! No thanks! The bison tenderloin he chose was a perfect substitute! Food, wine, desert, service is going to be amazing. But the views are incredible! Make time to sit at the bar to check out the city!
I can't think of a place with more amazing views of the Vegas Strip. We went here around eight last Friday night and beat the crowds. We were early enough to get a couch on the patio and a few drinks to kick off the evening. I loved everything about this place and can't wait to go back. This is definitely the bar to take someone that you want to impress, it is stunning,modern and elegant.The restrooms provide a unique experience!
Incredible view with delicious food. Expensive but very reasonable if you use restaurant.com certificate. Sides are large enough for 2 so only order 1 unless you're VERY hungry. Enjoy the view and amazing food!
Pricey but hey..it's Vegas.. Great drinks - they're strong and yummy!. Good selection of songs and nice variety. . Love the view!!!. . PS Check out the bathroom ;)
Everything about this place is COOL. My wife and I brought our 2 boys (ages 7&8 both well behaved) and they accommodated our family very well, especially during desert, our server didn't hold back with the ice cream toppings. Great service, food and view! We will definitley be returning soon.
Two years after my first visit to MIX Lounge, I returned this past weekend with my sister. I knew I had to take her here on her first visit to Vegas for the incredible view of the Strip lit up at night. Luckily for us the balcony was open, so we were able to snag seats outside near the heat lamps to enjoy our drinks. Service at the bar was prompt and friendly, however, I did find the waitress service outside to be a bit on the slow side. Plus our waitress disappeared for long periods of time. But I can overlook that because I was too busy talking to my sister, people watching, rocking out to the eclectic mix of music they were playing that night (it ranged from 80s music to The Cupid Shuffle), and admiring the view. Before we left, I made sure that my sister checked out the bathrooms. It's quite funny to go to the bathroom while looking out at the Strip! MIX Lounge remains on my "must-do" list for friends that ask me for Vegas recommendations.
Best fois gras I've had.  I order the full portion for my entree every time i go there.  Have had the tuna tartar appetizer which is very nice and fresh.  The bread is not worth the calories.  Nothing special.  The dining experience with awesome views of the city, coupled with the fois gras makes this my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  The cool decoration is the icing on the cake.  Service is impeccable.
I try to go to Mix once a year, while I'm on business trips to Vegas. Phenomenal view of the strip, and a great bar to boot. Interesting people watching also.. . As for the food: everything is pretty much spot-on perfect. Great desserts, appetizers, meals. I wasn't wow'd by the charcuterie plate, so skip that. The spicy crab salad was out of this world, as was the lobster "au curry."  When in doubt, stay away from the bread - you'll regret it as you'll be so glutinously full!. . I've always had great service there, with the exception of my latest February visit - our waitress was really good, but got snarky towards the end. Nevertheless, worth the food, view, and price!
This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. We were there for my birthday and I could not believe the food, decor and service! Amazing!. . Loved the jellyfish like glass orbs hanging down, the view of the strip and the menu!!. . I had a fabulous filet, mac and cheese and asparagus that is TO DIE FOR!!!!. . Can't say enough about it!
Incredible. Love this place!. . Best view of the strip!. . Fabulous cocktails, service & VIP tables.
Service and food are superb. The view, what else, amazing!! Your on the 64th floor at TheHotel. My glass was never under a 1/2" from full. This place is amazing. Definitely going back.
Awesome view! Fabulous ambiance!! Super Swanky and Hip. I had dinner there for my boyfriend with another couple. Our food was delicious and the service was great. This  is definitely a nice restaurant for any special occasion. Its pricey, but worth every penny!!
Just ate at Mix last Friday night and enjoyed it immensely. As soon as you walk in you're transported into an ethereal dining experience. The decor makes you feel like you're walking on air and the views of the strip are amazing. We are the family that doesn't let the fact that we have a child hold us back from dining where we want to on vacation. She's well-behaved and she's 9 but nevertheless, some places frown upon children and we never got that impression at all. The staff treated her exactly how we want her to be treated in a restaurant, in such a way that helps give her a chance to use her manners - they asked her for her order, not me or my husband, and treated her like any other diner. We were a bit nervous when an elderly couple sat next to us as we didn't know how they'd feel about being seated next to a family, but later on in the meal the woman told us she was completely full and asked if we minded if she offered for our daughter to try her souffle. . . To start, our family was served the Thai Coconut Chicken soup which was very good. I started with the shrimp cocktail which was absolutely delicious. I could have been done right there. Finished it off with the Maine Lobster Curry which I loved. My husband had the tasting menu and was in heaven. My daughter had the Macaroni & Cheese with ham side and that was perfect for her. Our waitress was lovely and we felt the perfect amount of attention and timing. We had everything exactly when we needed it. A truly lovely dining experience.
I had a great time at miX. I originally reserved for 2 people at 9pm. My horrible airport experience forced me to be 10-15 minutes late and not be able to change into a nicer outfit. They were very nice about the tardiness, assuming how the restaurant hours was until 10pm, and usually these dinners take long. My date and I were not rushed or anything during our dinner.. . This place is beautiful! The bubbly decor comingfrom the ceiling made me think that I was dining under the sea. Yet I'm at the very top of THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. Our booth was facing the backside of the strip, so the scenery was more mellow and calming than the glamorous strip, my dinner felt extremely relaxing although I was rushing there and freaking out at the airport.. . We both ordered the tasting menu, which had a spicy crab salad, seared foie gras, halibut, lamb loin, and the miX candy bar. I believe the entire table has to choose one of the tasting menus if any wanted to try it. My date didn't want to in the beginning since he wasn't into foie gras or lamb. Our server offered to switch out the lamb for the filet mignon for $10 extra. . . We started off the meal with a scallop ceviche. I enjoyed it a lot, it's very light, and the lime juice wasn't too overwhelming like most of the places that served ceviche. It was just right. It's interesting how they have some shredded raw mango on top, felt like some type of fusion going on here. . . I was enthralled by the looks of the spicy crab salad. Very detailed with different layers of ingredients stacked up, but I had too high of expectations on the flavors. I don't recall it being spicy or crabby enough. For spiciness, I might be immune so my taste buds are less sensitive to spiciness. I was a bit disappointed there.. . Second course came about with seared foie gras with lemon confit & dates. I liked how mine was seared just right, where it's more rare inside. I love the aftertaste and the aroma from each bite. Unfortunately, I'm not too educated in foie gras, all I can tell you is if I liked it and met my expectations of it. I got to eat my date's piece too, since he's not too interested in something this rich in taste. His piece was a bit more cooked than mine, easier to slice, I just prefer a softer texture.. . Third course was the best one yet, halibut prepared in chicken jus and vegetable blanquette. Every. Bite. Was. Amazing. My general perception of halibut is that it's very bland and tasteless. This dish had such interesting flavors in many different layers. The flavors in every bite were going under transformation inside my mouth. I seriously don't want to finish this dish because I don't want the experience to end. . . Fourth course was my lamb loin, with stuffed piquillo peppers and prommes anna. Portions were generous, or maybe I was just very full. The spices on the lamb loin didn't take away the flavors of the lamb at all. I didn't like the meat inside the piquillo peppers though, it was a bit too tough. Otherwise, the whole pepper was fun to eat; it's not the textures that were interesting but flavors of the pepper and the meat were well blended. The prommes anna was very crispy in the outside, you can feel the flakey texture with your tongue too. Unfortunately I was hitting my maximum capacity.. . That's when they brought out our pre-dessert. It was a sweet drink with mango puree tasted sweet and sour, topped with some coconut rum foam. It reminded me of Thailand, maybe because of the tropical taste. The tart taste ease up the digestion, which was just what I needed!. . And finally, the candy bar of miX served with coconut/lime sorbet. The looks of it wasn't too spectacular, just a bar with a piece of gold flake and two half nuts on top. Yes gold flake isn't too spectacular. I liked the simplicity of it though. It tasted like a Ferrero Rocher in a bar form served with the sorbet on the side. The combination is great. The sweetness of the chocolate is evened out with a light citrus.. . Our dinner ended at 11:30-11:45. It would have been a nightmare if they didn't tolerate that 10 minutes of tardiness. In addition, our server offered us to their lounge with no covers. It was a great offer monetary-wise, but we were just in such a rush before that we were nowhere close in dressed properly for lounges. Maybe next time :)
Fantastic restaurant. We had one addition last minute and it was not a problem to have them add a seat! The food is wonderful. The decor fabulous. Go at sundown so you can experience the lighting and views in all their glory. I definitely will go back again. Spectacular evening.
Been to Vegas twice, been here twice. Ordered lobster curry twice. 'Nuff said.. . Staff is friendly and attentive, food is incredible, ambiance is relaxing and intimate.  They bring you a little complimentary dessert which is a perfect sweet ending for those too full to order dessert.. . If I got to Vegas again, I'll come here again.
MIX is one of the best spots in town.  The food is amazing. . . . The caviar plate is phenomenal and well worth the $160 charge. . Crab salad and lobster salad are phenomenal.. . All the fish we had was amazing.  My pork belly was one of the best things I've ever tasted.. . Service is impeccable.
I have been to this restaurant 5-6 times and I always enjoy it. My friends from Japan loved it so much too. Their foie gras is wonderful!! Their signature dish, Lobster Curry, is crazy good. I never really care for lobster but this is different. I wish I could make it at home!! I always have issue with their portion...(in a good way). Their portion is pretty decent that I always feel too full after a full course menu!! Sometimes I can't even eat dessert because I'm too full!! I like the ambiance. I would not "expect" a window seating as window seatings are limited (does not matter how early you make your reservation.) The view is available from the bar anyway.. . Also, their deserts, especially the mix candy bar.... is AMAZING!. . As far as service goes, I have never had issue personally.I believe it's worth a visit and great place for a great meal!
I've had a lot of spectacular meals, but the Filet Mignon topped with Foie Gras topped with black truffles was honestly one of the best things I've ever tasted in my life. Then put that on top of an amazing location at the top of THE Hotel looking over the whole Vegas strip makes it amazing!
We came here on a thursday night. Free cover. . . - No Vcard needed. Must be for weekends. . - higher floor than GHOSTBAR + VOODOO! 60 something vs. 55 something!. - better view than GHOSTBAR + VOODOO! closer view and you get to see down the strip!. - pretty pictures! take shots of north and south! Instagram! . - Plenty of seating. Grab a drink and mingle ~. - Last Call! I actually heard it. I thought that term didn't exist in vegas. . - 3 mens bathroom stalls. piss while looking at the beautiful skyline. - no dookies. sorry guys, no toilets.. - Small dance floor. You got a rainbow circle to crowd under. . - Great music. Great tone for a luxurious venue.  . - BEST skyline vegas lounge I've been to thus far.
100% huge fans already!!!! My husband and I had went there after dinner for drinks and desserts. We got a VIP table with two bottles of champagne and some amazing sweet creations. The fresh strawberries and cream served with champagne were superb too. The VIEW is what you will enjoy the most!!! We were there around midnight and got to see the entire strip in its glory right in front of us. Music was great and we took some of the best photos there with the whole LV on the background. I have to say that nice view does come with the price so you can easily spend over 1k in drinks in less than an hour :-) But, you will sure have an amazing time, guaranteed!!!!
Wow! This place has quite a few. Not the easiest place to find so I don't suggest wearing 6" heels unless you really can walk for days in them.. But, the food wasgreat I had a salad, steak and fries. Cooked to perfection!. Waitress and bread man were both extremely nice.. Ambiance was amazing with the view and dripping bubble chandelier. Love Love Love!
Very expansive but also very nice. It is so elegant. I love their food. It is off the hook. I love everything about this place. Not only is the atmosphere nice but also the food is delicious. I had a blast when I went there with my family. It is however very expansive but the price is worth it.
This restaurant is amazing!  I went here with a friend to celebrate my 30th birthday last December and I've been thinking about it ever since.  I'm not ashamed to say I got a restaurants.com coupon so I really went all out for the dinner.  I had the Lobster Curry, which was absolutely delicious!  The mushroom medley that my friend had was great with her steak.  The view was beautiful at night and our server was great!  I don't have a single complaint!  We went to have some drinks at the bar after dinner and had a blast.  Check out the bathrooms if you go to the bar, some of them are floor to ceiling glass with a breathtaking view!
The decor is amazing and elegant. Plus, it is located in the 64 floor of The hotel, the view is just breath-taking. (the elevator ride was fun!). Sometimes, if you find some restaurants with a great view, you need to expect the food to be not as good. but MIX is different, the food is AMAZING!! . I order a very boring appetizer: shrimp cocktail, but man that was no ordinary shrimp cocktail. It is so refreshing, and the sauce they made was so good.. For main course, i ordered the lamb loin which was sooooo delicious too. The favor of the lamb is so refined and you wount find that bad lamb smell. It was cooked perfectly medium rare and it was so tender. The layered potato was such a great plus as well, and there was even a lamb stuffed chili which was unique and flavorful.. A must try, if not for the food, please enjoy their lounge area!! . I went with my girlfriends and we had a great time. I cant wait to take my husband there, it is also very romantic place!!
Love MIX Lounge! Always a favorite place to chill out and let things settle for a couple hours after a nice supper before heading out to a club. The view down the strip from the 64th floor as the sun sets is fantastic. Can't comment on the food, but the bottle prices aren't ridiculous (compared to some Vegas clubs).
TIP: GLUTEN FREE FRIENDLY!!. . Went here on a Monday night for 2nd wedding anniversary with the husband per Yelper reviews. . . Atmosphere/first impressions: . TIP: Check in at the desk off the gaming floor (right by the sporting betting area). Take the elevators up to the top. . . We had reservations, so we got a table by the windows (a MUST).  The view is from the south strip looking north. As the hotel is on the top floor of THEHotel (Mandalay Bay) you get to see the entire Strip. Incredible. Atmosphere is modern trendy yet still manages to feel relaxed and warm. . . Staff:. OUTSTANDING.  The waiter we had was very friendly yet professional. You know you are in the presence of a good staff when you don't notice your water glass being refilled. Also staff has great knowledge of the menu.. . Food:. Appetizer- OK don't judge, but we got the Foie Grais. A-MA-ZING. . Main Course- I got the Seared Tuna and I think it was the most perfectly piece of seared tuna I've ever had. And I eat it a LOT. I asked about the sauce, as I am GF, they put it on the side and checked with the chef. Points for that! Husband got the John Dory "meuniere", also delish. . Dessert- Per our waiters suggestion for GF desserts, we tried the Strawberry Rhubarb. Excellently cooked, a little sweet and sour...perfect light end for a great meal.. . TIP: All in all a fantastic meal! There is also this fantastic bar you walk through to get to the restaurant with an outdoor patio. Check it out before or after for cocktails
We went here our first night in Vegas for drinks and the view and we were NOT DISAPPOINTED. The view is spectacular, the bartender was handsome and poured very liberally. We sat at the booths outside overlooking Vegas and it was unbelievable - perfect view, perfect weather, romantic, fun! Could not asked for a more perfect late night drink.... ohhh and dancing too.
My review is for MIX LOUNGE: . . This place has hands down the best view in Vegas. There is a outdoor patio if you are braver than me and not petrified of heights!. . The lounge has see through windows that surround the club. You can see the entire city atop The Hotel. . . Great place for a date!. Girls night out for a pre-party spot.. Best house wine I've ever had, and I drink a lot of wine :). . Thursday is Ladies/Local night.. . Friday/Saturday the DJ spins a nice mash up set with something for everyone. The dance floor gets packed!. . Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
Located in Mandalay Bay hotel/casiono. Amazing restaurant, amazing lounge, amazing view of the strip. This is as good as it gets. . . Dinner-make reservations in advance. Very pricey, small portions like your typical fine dining establishment but that's expected when you dine in places like these. I ordered their duck, probably the best duck I've ever had in my life. My plate had two duck breast, the skin was perfectly crisp and I ate the entire plate, the presentation was exquisite. My boyfriend ordered the tuna tartar, another winner, again probably the best tartar I've ever had, mind you I've had my fair share of fine dining. We ordered the mushroom friasse as a side, wow, delicious, different array of mushrooms together, we throughly enjoyed our dinner there. The waitstaff was attentive and they even brought out a small treat out for my boyfriend's birthday with a candle on it, even though they normally don't do that is what I'm told. Normally whatever dessert you order they write happy birthday on it. Oh did I mention the pretty dining room we dined in? Very beauitful with white looking bubbles hanging down parts of the restaurant, I loved everything about the restaurant, my only complaint was they should put the lounge in the back of the place and the restaurant up front so upon exiting the elevators you walk right into the restaurant. . . Now for the Lounge review, wow, awesome place, the view of the strip is amazing!!!! Def. come here to take a cool photo on their balcony with the vegas strip behind you. Music was great!! The tables inside are first come first serve as long as it does not have a reserved sign, part of the balcony outside is reserved only for bottle service. We loved the music they played there, the selection was mixed and they played old stuff along with new. We had such a fun time here after our dinner. . . I will definitely be returning to this joint when I visit Vegas again!
The view is stunning. It is on the 64th floor of THEhotel where we stayed. The elevater is also great that i could see the strip view. 5-8pm happy hour. $8 for wine.
I had the foie gras as an appetizer and the pork belly for he entree. This was a treat since I'm from CA, and foie gras is no longer legal here. The foie gras was wonderful -- the flavor is hard to describe if you've never had it before, but it's certainly divine. The pork belly was delicate, tender, and absolutely moist. I usually don't prefer eating super fatty meats, but I'll make an exception for the pork belly. The fat actually augmented to the flavor of the dish greatly, and it wouldn't be pork belly w/o the fat. The only complaint I have is that it is a little bit on the salty side. My friends had the fish dish (which I don't recall), but it was also good as well. Service is excellent and the decoration is fine and modern. Everything at this restaurant is super expensive, but it's a treat if you can afford the splurge.
Ah, the perfect bite. Filet Mignon, Foi Gras, and Black Truffle. It was my first time trying Foi Gras and I was utterly stunned how good it was. Together with truffle and filet mignon, it truly was the perfect bite! . . I also had the sea bass which was really good, but not compared to the perfect bite. If you're gonna go here, you might as well get the best thing on the menu.. . Restaurant.com has $50 off $100 - you buy it for $10, so it's well worth it.
Dinner with client:. Went here with a friend of mine who happens to be a client as well as his colleagues.  The service was great in seating all 10 of us in the middle of the restaurant so we could get a feel of the atmosphere, rather than be on the side lines. . . I enjoyed the new york strip and went big with eh sides with mac and cheese and french fries.  Not to take away from the perfectly cooked steak, but their mac and cheese was amazing, I use theirs as my benchmark now.  Fries can be messed up, but they did them well.. . Nightcap atmosphere:. We ended the night with some drinks overlooking the strip in a non-stuffy and mellow atmosphere.  I would recommend this place over the foundation room.  . . Only con I can think of (splitting hairs here). Only downside can be if you are sat by a group of cigar smokers in the outdoor lounge.  The smoke gets trapped there due to the winds that wrap around high rises, so the open air lounge does not help air out the place.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoy smoking cigars once in awhile, but it is not pleasant if you are not indulging and are left with the second hand smoke (sorry I am from California and probably sound like a hypocrite to most readers).
Modern dining space, an Incredible ultra lounge, priceless views of the Vegas Strip, extensive wine list, and a chic, well executed modern French menu.  What an improvement.. . Part of the empire of famed, multi Michelin stared chef Alain Ducasse, miX finally lives up to expectations.. . For starters, the gnocchi is outstanding.  Soft pillows surrounded by earthy, wild mushrooms, vegital asparagus, enveloped in a brown butter / rendered bacon sauce.  A perfectly balanced dish.  The foie with dates and lemon confit is a true embarrassment of riches.  Thick slices from the best part of the lobe, perfectly seared, served in its own melting fat; the sweet, fruity dates compliment, the tart, acidic zing from the lemon peel refreshes the palate.  Wow.. . Mains deliver.  The lamb loin is delicious.  Moist, tender, perfectly cooked and rested but it's the accompanying pomme Anna that makes the dish.  Layer after layer of paper thin potato cooked as a "pie" in butter with a crisp, brown top layer.  Incredibly rich and is the perfect foil to the lean loin.  Not into lamb?  The filet mignon Rossini with foie and black truffles...OMG!  The sweet beef flavor is brought out by the Rossini sauce and its umame enhanced by the truffles.  The foie provides the perfect, fatty, unctuous balance to the dish.. . Excellent service.  Outstanding wine list.  Vegas resort pricing.. . Tip:  grab a drink on the balcony of the ultra lounge before dinner.  Incredible Strip view.  (Gets crowded later in the evening). . Hint:  high level Mlife members, for a window table, make reservations through the Mlife site.   Others, book at least 30 days in advance.  As is true on the Strip, be a baller.  A Benjamin (or a Grant in today's economy) goes a very long way getting THE table.
The most amazing view, great happy hour deals, BEAUTIFUL BATHROOMS, seriously the best bathroom I have ever seen.  It is pricey, but everywhere is Vegas is, so happy hour was the way to go!  It wasn't even crowded either, we were there around 7 pm, so it was a nice atmosphere.  This is a place you have to visit in Vegas.
I had a blast at MIX! The view was absolutely beautiful and the movie was really awesome (well except when they were getting ready to close). The atmosphere is really chill and the way everything is decorated is just amazing. I would definately come here again to eat, drink and dance! . . I dont know how crowded it gets on the weekends because I went on a week day and it was still awesome! I would recommend this place to anyone :)
Food 4.5/5. Decor 5/5 actually 6. Service 4/5. Wine 3/5  very over priced wine list. overall 5/5. . I strongly recommend you to reserve "seats by the window".  They have absolutely gorgeous view and atmosphere.  Great food and service and everything was over the average/top.  I strongly recommend you for special occasion such as anniversary, valentines, birthday dinner for couple.  It is too romantic to have a family dinner at there =).   It is awesome restaurant.  Strongly recommended.
I ate dinner here twice. The first time was 3 yrs ago and the second time was this past weekend. We were seated outside and fortunately the weather was warm...when it did get chilly there were plenty of heat lamps to keep us warm. Located at the top of THE Hotel, the restaurant is simply decorated with a gorgeous bubble chandelier lighting as the masterpiece. The view of The Strip and Vegas all around is amazing. The lounge area is nice and mellow but both times I didn't have the chance to try it out.. . We ordered the prefix menu which included the spicy crab salad, seared duck foie gras, seared diver scallops, colorado lamb loin and mix candy bar. We skipped the beverage pairing and ordered two bottles separately - a delicious and fruity sauvignon blanc by Honig and a merlot (forgot name). The food was outstanding, the first and second time. I particularly liked the foie gras, scallops and lamb loin. All prepared just perfectly. They even provided us complimentary dish at the beginning and a drink in the middle to clean our palette. The frothy, peachy drink was delicious...so yummy we asked our waiter to hook us up with another round which he was nice enough to oblige. The candy bar was okay...we all agreed they taste similar to a Kit Kat bar.. . The whole experience was fantastic...food, service, experience!
This place is AMAZING! The view is spectacular and the food is incredible. Even the bathroom stalls have breath-taking views.
For years this has been one of our favorite restaurants in Vegas. The decor, the setting and the view are very unique. We usually have seafood and it's always excellent!
Wonderful experience.  Great decor and outstanding views. Top notch service. Staff was friendly and very professional.  We had the tuna tartare appetizer and the lobster salad - both delicious. The lobster curry entree was a true stunner. Mac and cheese was great.  Cod entree also delicious.  The complimentary cookies and chocolate sauce were wonderful.  Would come back in a hurry!
We dined here last night with a group of 5 and I must say, I am shocked it took me 3+ years to try this place! The interior is beyond beautiful and it will probably go on my list of must-see venues for tourists to visit while they are here. . . Imagine Voodoo Lounge at the Rio with  better views and incomparable 5 star menus. All of 5 of us tried the "Classic" tasting menu. . . Classic Tasting menu:  . --Pre-Menu: A mouse, sooo good. It tastes like bacon but better. . 1. Potato Gnocchi with asparagus cream & pesto. AMAZING!! Everyone at the table agreed it was the best Gnocchi they had ever tasted. . *** I added Tuna Tartare as well, it was tasty.***. 2. Lobster Curry. OMG, Imagine the best tasting indian dish you ever put in your mouth with a melt in your mouth buttery lobster! . 3.Filet w/ Foire Gras. Cooked PERFECTLY. So good!!. --Passion Fruit Foamy Cocktail. I have no idea what the real name is, but it was a unique end to the meal. I will look forward to it again :). 4. Baba cake. Not my fav... I would probably sub this out because I need chocolate. I am not subtracting any stars for this because the view made up for the Meh dessert, plus everyone else at the table loved it, . --After Dessert: Vanilla Cookies, fresh with nutella. . . View: If I could Give a view 10 stars, I would!! It was amazing!! Make sure you use the club restroom so you can have a view even while you go ;) . . Service: 10 Stars as well! Our server was very engaging an answered a ton of questions about the chandelier and history of the restaurant. . . I will be back!! Plan about $200 per person for Wine/Food for a nice meal :)
An update is in order for my review of MIX.. . First-The manager of the restaurant cared so much about the negative review that he actually tracked me down at work, spoke to me, and insisted that we give the restaurant another try.. . I'm glad we did.  I went in with my parents, and we were blown away by the meal and the service we got.   Sebastian, the manager, was terrific.  Bianca, our server, was as good as it gets.. . Before people say that we were treated well simply because of a negative review, I will say that I was actually watching the tables around us, and I have to say that everybody seemed to be getting great service!. . Now the food-honestly, it was like I was in a different restaurant.  We started with Shrimp cocktail.  This was served in a pretty unique way, more of a small salad with shrimp mixed into it.  At the bottom of the bowl was a horseradish custard.  The dish was outstanding.  My father got a plate of sliced meats of different type (I forgotwhat it's called) and he loved it.. . Because I was unhappy with the Tuna I had for an app last time, we were brought out a portion to try.  Once again, it was like a different dish.  The tuna had a great spice to it, and the veggies underneath were very crisp.  THAT"S what tuna tartare should be like!  It was great.. . We also had the Gnocchi appetizer.  Once again-it was outstanding.  Terrific mushrooms, Gnocchi, and vegetables, cooked and seasoned perfectly.  It was delicious.. . For mains, we got the Surf and turf (Chicken breast, with lobster), the Bison fillet, and a beef filet.  SImply put, each dish was amazing.  The Bison was so tender you could almost cut it just with a fork.  My dad got the Beef filet, and the fork mashed potatoes.  As soon as the waitress put the potatoes in front of him, I said "Dad, that looks like a different dish than the potatoes I got last time". And I was right, because these had seasoning, butter, and were delicious! Everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly.. . For desert, we had vanilla bean ice cream, the cheesecake, and a "Deconstructed apple pie".  We loved every bite.. . I've come to realize that any restaurant can have a bad night.  The food and service on the second trip MORE than made up for it.  I will say, I was shocked to hear from the manager after the first visit.  The effort he put in to track me down and be sure we had a great experience was incredible-there should be more restaurant managers like Sebastian here in Vegas.. . Not only will I be back again (as will my parents), but we've already relayed this story to several of our friends who are going to be trying MIX.. . Thank You!
During our last trip to Vegas, my girlfriend and I went to MIX. After a small problem with the elevators we made our way through the lounge and to the restaurant. The dining room was a little dark for my taste but the views and the rest of the ambiance were great !. We both got a tasting menu with wine pairing. Our waitress was great, very accommodating and smiling. The food was great. Maybe a little french/traditional but I did not mind at all (since I am french). The quality was superb, the wines perfect. Each dish has some unexpected taste to it... which made the meal very good overall. It is always a little worrying when you try to put so much money for ONE meal, we are afraid to be disappointed, and not get the value, but this was not the case at the Mix. It was worth every single penny !. Great food and restaurant experience overall.
So impressed with the food and service.   The view is breathtaking as well it is located on the rooftop of the Mandalay Bay Hotel.. . Colorado Lamb Loin.  Pomme Anna, stuffed piquillo pepper and herb salad.   Lamb was cooked just at that edge of rare and medium rare and achieves my top marks.. . Roasted Maine Lobster au Curry with basmati rice.    Lobster was perfectly cooked.   Zesty sauce . . Strawberry rhubarb was so different.  I have never had rhubarb by itself,  but it was so tart and delicious. . . Our server Kevin was personable and told us interesting stories about some of their celebrity clients.  He even brought us out a pair of fresh baked Madelines with "happy anniversary " written on the plate.
We were in Vegas for a conference and went to Mix as a second choice as the restaurant we wanted to go to was full. I cannot believe our luck. The food was incredible, the decor was excellent, and the view was unbeatable. Very impressive. Would highly recommend. . . We started with the Gnocchi which was pillowy and the mushrooms were flavorful and fresh. For the main dishes We had the Roasted Lobster Curry which was wonderful and I had the Fillet Mignon Rossini (Fillet with foie gras and black truffle) which was frankly one of the best things I have ever eaten. The pairing of foie and beef is incredible. Finished off with a Chocolate Souffle. Who could ask for anything more.. . After dinner we went to the Mix Lounge for a cocktail and some music. Incredible service and fun people. . . Great time at the Mix.  My new favorite Las Vegas Restaurant.
So great! One of the best dinners we have ever had. Food was amazing and so was the service. Everything was spot on and the view was spectacular. Can't wait to come back
The Mix in Mandalay Bay is one of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas. The first part of the Mix is an Ulta Lounge- great place for drinks. The second part is a five star restaurant. But the best part of the Mix is the patio view from the Lounge. It is the best view in all of Las Vegas. I would recommend anyone that wants a memorable view of Las Vegas to go there. Bring a camera! Great place for a romantic night out! I love it!
REVIEW FOR THE LOUNGE ONLY. . Mix Lounge is an easy go-to when people come to visit. As long as your guest can appreciate something more than a dive bar, they should love Mix. Cocktails are set at Strip prices (i.e. not cheap), but the drinks are quality pours and the atmosphere is spectacular. I always try to hit it when it opens (5pm) so we can snag an outside table. It is a great way to start out the evening, especially if you are doing dinner afterward, as you can grab a drink before dinner, admire the view and then be on your merry way. Oh yeah, and make sure you hit up the restrooms, always a great experience for out-of-towners. If you are doing an after-dinner drink, order the cheesecake, it is one of the best in the Valley.
My bf and I love this place. The swordfish was absolutely delicious. Everything about this place is great. Staff is friendly, food was great, ambiance was nice, and the view was wonderful. Can't wait to come back!
This was our 2nd trip to Mix-- the restaurant part only. Both times we had the same waitress and our service was awesome. The captain attended to every detail. One of the people in our group had spilled food on His shirt. The captain was there with a small glass of soda water and a clean napkin for him to clean his shirt. The sommelier was amazing. He really knew how to help us with our wine choice based on a profile we gave him. . . The food -- everything was fabulous!  We had the foie gras as an appetizer- excellent. I had the lobster curry and my husband had the sea bass. Both were amazing. We had chocolate souffle for dessert. This is a must have. . . We will return to this restaurant every time we are in Vegas.
This place is ultimately perfect because of the extra perks that come along side of it. You know, the breathtaking Las Vegas Strip view, ceiling to floor windows, very tasteful food, and excellent service..  . Our group was fortunate to have Jonathan as our server. He was very attentive and not a single thing was wrong ! By far the best server I have ever had. . . Surf and Turf was very succulent which came with Lobster Tail and Stake. I highly recommend this platter and all of the sides are good but it's obviously up to your flavor of taste. . . The view is great and there is also a lounge/outdoor lounge/club overlooking the strip as soon as you exit the restaurant !
This was the gem of our trip to Las Vegas. First we arrived about fifteen minutes early so we were able to enjoy a drink out on the patio. It was very hot, but worth it for the view.. Our favorites: bass ceviche, cod, creamed spinach and the deserts: mix candy bar and coffee and chocolate opera. Not so great: Spicy crab salad (too fishy)  and mac and cheese (too many noodles, not enough cheese). We also had the braised waygu, a filet, a new york strip and fork smashed potatoes, all great.. Our server was great until we had our main course and then it was difficult to find him again to order coffee and dessert. His helper was phenomenal all night.. We will definitely be back for both the view and the fabulous food. Our bill included a bottle of wine and about 7 cocktails and was just under 500 dollars.
Just an amazing expericnce.  Food was amazing, service was amazing, view was amazing.  Probably one of the best dining expericnces I've ever had!
I made a reservation for my best friend's bachelorette party!. . We had a group of nine girls, and the management made us feel special from the beginning.. We were greeted by the manager and lead to the chef's table with a gorgeous view of the strip. The chef's table was sectioned off by glass from the rest of the restaurant so we felt like VIP.The sun was setting and the girls were impressed.... Our server was very nice, and food was great, and the view spoke for itself. Our bride even got a special desert with congratulations" written on the plate, and to top it off, the girls all got lemon madeleines hot from the oven with chocolate dipping sauce-yum.. . Over all, it was the perfect start to a perfect night, and our bride to be was happy.
Thank you Mix for taking my virginity! The first time I ever had foie gras was at this restaurant and until now I still dream of it. If you never had foie gras, you are truly missing out. It tastes nothing like liver. It's buttery, smooth, with a hint of beef that melts in your mouth. Almost like bone marrow. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mix-las-vegas#qWfPRp-VH7u53bmJ3Pgvrg. Almost everything about this dish was perfect. The sear, sauce, and texture was right on. The only element of the dish I disliked was the chutney.. . The mixed bread, butter, and peanut butter spread were irresistible. I couldn't help but sample each style of bread and top it with the peanut butter. We ended up ordering 3 baskets of bread and extra peanut butter. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mix-las-vegas#Mng-hX8Y9JKqZ2IH8u7l_A. . My girlfriend ordered the main lobster salad and my daughter order the braised wagyu. Sorry no pics. I was busy adoring my foie gras. The salad had a gratifying amount of lobster meat and the wagyu beef texture was tender and bursting with flavor. Three thumbs up from the eaters. There was enough sauce leftover from the wagyu that I was able to soak it up with the mixed bread. I made a treat of out it. . . We finished the dinner with a chocolate souffle coupled with pistachio ice cream. The scent of chocolate drifted to the table next to me enough to turn heads and ask what I ordered. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mix-las-vegas#-AjWEQfqJ1tUGr92HgBxDQ. It was warm chocolate heaven. The pistachio ice cream can be a hit or miss depending on your taste buds. . . Mix has a spectacular view of Las Vegas. There is outside seating in the balcony but it was just too hot to even consider. The decor is light, hip, and trendy with the chandelier as the main attraction. The service was excellent. As for the wines, I didn't order any this time so I can't give a review. Like the saying goes, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. And that is where my wonderful seared foie gras will stay. I'm looking forward to my next visit.
This place is fabulous! Mix is located on the 64th floor of The Hotel at Mandalay Bay. The view of the strip is amazing. There is great service, ample seating, and a small dance floor. This place is perfect for date night drinks and dancing after dinner. This place is also a perfect spot for meeting up with others before a night on the town, as well as enjoying bottle service. We will definitely return someday.
Lamb chops and scallop is so yummy.
The braised wagyu was AMAZING!!! Also tried some baked halibut that made it's way around the table and thought it was pretty good as well, but the wagyu took the cake hands down! Will definitely come back here at night to have a drink and check out the lounge next time.
The food here is good and we all love the adornment here. After the dinner we can go to the balcony to enjoy the view of Vegas.
Amazing place! The views and the atmosphere was great, but the food and service was even better! You have to try this place when you are in Vegas! It's definitely worth every penny!
Amazing views.  Comfortable seating from the 64th floor with a breathtaking view. Nice servers.  Good music. Strong drinks.  Great place
Came here for dinner, sat outside and watched the sunset and lights come on across the strip. It was beautiful! But the food and service were even better! The tasting menu was fantastic, especially the lobster curry, and they even gave us a few extra courses compliments of the chef! A ton of food and all of it was delicious!
Excellent food and just as stellar service.  This place was wonderful.. Started off with the Spicy Crab Salad and Seared Duck Foie Gras (both must haves).. and then for the main courses, went with Maine Lobster "Au Curry" and Filet Mignon Rossini.  The lobster was tasty but that filet mignon was taken to a new level being paired with the foie gras.  It just melts in your mouth.. like butter.  . We were there for a special occasion and our waiter was super attentive and helpful.  Nice Hawaiian guy so maybe we had a connection there.  On top of it all, he even asked the chef to sign our menu!
Excellent food. I'm not a big fan of French food, but this place is very good. The big eye tuna tasted like they just pulled it from the Pacific. Very fresh. The decor is pretty cool. It reminds me of something you would see in a South Beach. It has an amazing view of the city from the top of Mandalay Bay. You can have a drink outside and enjoy the view also, but I was getting sick looking out the window. Too high up for me.
One of the best bars with THE BEST view of Vegas strip.
Incredible!!!! Had a chefs tasting that was over the top and truly just delicious from start to finish! We went to celebrate my friends birthday and have a girls night out and am so please we decided to go to Mix! We were greeted with champagne and had wine flowing the rest of the night! The food was just an explosion of flavor -- my favorite dish was the coconut curry lobster over jasmine rice and I am still dreaming of the most delicious creme brulee that I've ever had!  Can't wait to go back again and soon!!!
Cool bar and Night Club with the best view in town. Great music, good drinks and fantastic food mixed with stylish people. Get here before 10pm and you get a table with an awesome view over the strip. Definitely worth making the way to the south end of the strip!
The space itself is gorgeous.  A perfect spot for a wedding anniversary.  The food was amazing.  We did not order the chocolate souffle but do yourself a favor and order it.  I would happily make that my whole meal!  Looked fantastic.  And to top it off it was top notch service.  The waiter was very knowledgable about the dishes and extremely helpful.  I look forward to dining there again!
Wow, fabulous!  I ordered off the pre fix menu and enjoyed everything.  I would name all the great places I've been to in Vegas, but this is up there with the best of them (Le Cirque, Olives, not quite Guy Savoy).  I don't care what you order, it will be fabulous!  Looking forward to going back again.
I have been to the lounge two more times since my last update. It has firmly solidified its place as my favorite place to have a few cocktails while in Las Vegas. The best part is that if you go see the Michael Jackson ONE show at Mandalay Bay, the elevator for MIX is only a few steps from the theater. How could you not go have a drink before or after the show then???. . Service at the bar still remains quicker than sitting at a table, but definitely grab a table outside on the patio or just inside near the windows for the incredible view of the Strip lit up and all the photo ops it presents. Music remains a great mix that gets you signing along...well maybe just me singing along after a few rum and cokes :). . Enjoy the elevator ride up - it's a great preview for what awaits on you on the 64th floor!
We ate here on Nov 1st. As usual, the food and service is superb as always. We had a great time and an amazing dinner. This place is top notch and is still number one on my list overall places we dine in. Other establishments need to take a note from this place. They know how to run a resteraunt. Keep up the great work Mix.
Alex Gregoire is an amazing chef. And I can now say a true Frenchman hasmade me French fries! He brought us almost everything on the menu and I can't remember the French names but it was a taste adventure.
Hands down best view to see the Vegas lights at night. Great host that took care of us thoughout the night. .
Disclaimer: This is based on Food and Wine only.. . On a crisp night above the Las Vegas Strip, our party enjoyed the perfect beginning to an "eventful" night. . . The sommelier recommended us a bottle of robust red wine to cut through the richness of our meal. Foie Gras and Charcuterie laid the foundation for a sumptuous Filet Mignon Rossini and Colorado Lamb loin. . . Must try the Apple, Quince, and Caramel dessert! . . Worth the hefty price point.
Great food great music and a must see view! Definitely recommend to anyone visiting Las Vegas! Happy hour from 5pm to 8pm is amazing as well
MIX was amazing. The food is mouthwatering and the service was impeccable. The view at the top of Mandalay Bay was gorgeous. We have never have tastes such tender lamb and both types of beef were nice and tender with the perfect amount. It was nice that they had a bar area with a large outside balcony where you can probably rent out and have a private party there. The main dining was was beautiful. It is the perfect place for a special date or even a small dinner party. It is probably not the place to host a large loud group of friends for a fancy dinner.. . We ordered:. -Filet Mignon Rossini. -Braised Wagyu. -Colorado Rack of Lamb (bone out). -Seared Duck Foie Gras (as appetiser). . The only con about MIX is that it's kind of hard to find, at least it was for us.
I have gone to many places when I visit Vegas and I always stop by Mix with its great service and amazing view!!!! We always get the best service thanks to Richard aka Sway he is a great employee and an asset to the club.
We have been to MIX numerous times, but this is my first review. The view is always incredible, it's the best view of Vegas. A wow factor just by itself. In the past the food was not exceptional. This time the food was very good (we also just noticed a 1-star Michelin rating, not sure if that is new). Most noteworthy was the incredible service and the friendly staff. Literally everyone had a smile on their face and was off the chart friendly. Our dining experience was 5-star worthy. Hopefully it wasn't a one-day fluke.
A recent trip to Vegas landed us at Mix.  My husband picked this place out and I could not have been happier with the entire experience.. . We started off with a few cocktails in the lounge area.  Breathtaking view of the strip at night from 64 floors up.  A ride in a glass elevator to the top gives you an out of this world experience.. . The lounge itself is dark, intimate and  fun.  Tables  are adorned with drink menus which are lit up to display the delicious drinks they offer.  We were there to kick off the night, which entails a lounge toast with a complimentary glass of champagne.  Clink glasses with your neighbors and staff - a sure way to start the night off right, all while soaking in Sin Cities night lights.. . After a few cocktails we moved to the restaurant.  A complete opposite spectrum versus the lounge.  Pristine, white, airy, beautiful and romantic.  Decor is fantastic, I could not help but stare. Service was phenomenal from beginning to end.. . I  started off with an order of the shrimp cocktail. A lovely dish, more like a salad, with jumbo shrimp atop greens mixed with horseradish and a tomato syrup.  Mix it all together and you have a scrumptious combo that will leave any jarred cocktail sauce in the dust.  Simply amazing.  The flavors melded into a creation I could eat over and over again.. . For dinner I ordered the Roasted Maine Lobster "Au Curry" by our servers recommendation.  Chunks of sweet maine lobster atop coconut basmati rice with a subtle curry sauce.  The sweet lobster and coconut rice really accented the curry sauce beautifully.  The portion was certainly nicer than anticipated and I was left feeling quite full.  . . We had also ordered a bottle of wine and was happy to have a wine expert help pair wine to our meal choices.  5 stars all around!!!
Mix was recommend to us by the concierge at the Aria (who was great BTW) as having the most beautiful view with the loveliest French cuisine in all of Vegas, and it did not disappoint. Everything was marvelous. For someone used to dining in fine restaurants, in the U.S. as well as in Europe, I don't say this often or lightly. I very rarely write reviews.. . The dishes were genuine and well executed. The foie gras au torchon was exactly as it is served in France. The best way to judge is by going somewhere else the next day, which we did, and honestly, you'll want to go back to Mix. I especially liked the way the menu offered classic dishes as well as newer creations. Mom was happy as well as my indie-film-loving brother. . . However, the real reason to go is for the service. I have read some of the previous reviews and see what's going on. But here's the deal. I hope it is useful:. . I respect that customers come in with all kinds of expectations on the level of service. We were 10, with a baby and a 4 year girl, celebrating a pre-wedding dinner with the bride and groom. I asked for the Chef's table for privacy, but we were disappointed to find out that it was not available. Nonetheless, the hostess assured me that we would be in a special area of the restaurant that would not bother anyone else and offered us a glass of champagne, as well, for the inconvenience. She was wonderful! And she was right.. . I was very skeptical about sitting in the main dining room because we did not want to spoil any one else evening. But the entire staff was so attentive to our every need that I must say, the entire evening went without a hitch. Of note was a moment, early in the evening, when our 4-year-old spilled her grenadine water with its fancy straw and then had that tense frozen look that precedes the oncoming torrential scream. Within seconds, our servers swooped down with a a napkin, cleaned up and replaced her place setting with a big smile letting her know that everything was okay. Wow! It was nothing short of AMAZING. They treated her like a princess and she really felt like one. . . It's easy to provide good service when everything goes well. But the true note of distinctively great service is how swiftly and professionally the staff handles problems when something goes wrong. At Mix, Mr. Ducasse has a top-notch, experienced staff of professionals -- something often lacking in today's restaurant scene. So, about the $10 sparkling water that you didn't order... it's important to brush up on 5-star restaurant etiquette, because you'll get a lot of that at this restaurant.. . The whole evening was filled with extremely good service, timeliness and friendliness that matched the deliciousness of the cuisine and exceeded the expectations of each and every one of us. A memorable evening in every way.
Awesome views.Great food.  I had the rack of lamb when I went here and it was delicious.  This restaurant is very expensive but you are paying for the views and the food.  If you want a view of the strip from up top while you dine, this is the place to go.
