We stayed four days in Vegas and ate there twice!  Yes, it was wonderful - really impressive seeing your truck load food coming and food so tasty.  They really understand taste buds.  Great hamburger.  Great meatloaf breakfast, great chicken breakfast (weird).  Really affordable American cuisine.
absolutely nothing to complain about. went to vegas this past weekend and was with 2 friends. one of them mentioned this place so we decided to try it. i had the chorizo hash, it was so tasty, spicey and delicious. i also had a bloody mary that was amazing. one friend got the chicken with waffles which were awesome and beautifully presented. the other friend got the artichoke hash, this was the lightest of the meals, and also tasted great. it is a lot, i mean a lot, of food per plate. i will go back.
Tried this place again.. . Fast & friendly service.. . Chicken & waffles was bomb.  Fried leek  were really flavorful.. . Had a side of sausage (very tasty and not very fatty).. Had the tractor's combo.  Pancakes were fluffy and huge.. . Love this place.  Definitely a foodie must try.
We went around 8pm on a Sunday night.  No wait.  We had a great waitress.  My wife was not very hungry and ordered a small house salad.  The dressing was great.  I ordered the chicken pot pie.  It was INCREDIBLE!  You have to see it to believe it...lots of white meat chicken breast.  They included lots of vegetables including:  carrots, corn, spinach, broccoli and mushrooms. It was served in the home made crust that looked like an upside down cowboy hat.  Inside the crust and on the plate was the best mashed potatoes I have ever eaten.  This is a must dish in Las Vegas.
DELICIOUS!  missed the Man V Food episode, but followed a cousin's recommendation.  Service was great, wait was about 15 minutes for two of us, on a holiday Monday, around noon.  prices are very reasonable, portions are MASSIVE, and the "Man V Food" Chicken benedict is fantastic!
Hash House A Go Go is a gimmick restaurant and that gimmick is huge portions (pancakes the size of frisbees and gianormous plates of chicken and waffles) and "twisted farm food." I have to say within that gimmick Hash House A Go Go executes excellently.. . I stopped by for breakfast on a Saturday morning. The wait was pretty long (45 minutes to get seated and another 45 to get our food) but we were given an accurate wait time and warned about the wait for breakfast when seated so I felt okay with the wait.. . I ordered the Tractor Driver Combo with a Snickers flapjack. The Snickers flapjack is a frisbee sized buttermilk flapjack with pieces of Snickers thrown right into the pancake. As the food arrived I could see the little Snickers craters throughout the pancake. Again, this is a gimmick, a candy bar baked into a pancake, c'mon! But I'll have to say, I thought it was delicious. Enough to think I should keep a Snickers bar in my pantry for all my pancake adventures.. . Is this the greatest restaurant of all time? Nope, but if you're in for the gimmick of big food that's over the top in its presentation, Hash House A Go Go will definitely deliver. I was also impressed by the Bloody Mary that my friend ordered that had a strip of bacon in it and was served with a side of toast. Truly a brunch appetizer as much as it was a drink.
WOW! Where do you start on a place like this? The beer selection loaded with tasty microbrews at reasonable prices? The bloody mary menu of 5 different kinds all better than the one before it? The large portions where your flapjacks come with a very small side of eggs and potatoes because there aren't plates big enough for them? Maybe start out with the fresh squeezed juices or their own coffee beans? DO NOT LET THIS PASS YOU BY!
Amazing food. Try the chicken and waffle
So...the wait sucked at this place, but NOTHING else did...this was awesome!  Anyone who has read other reviews I've posted knows I like one meal above all others, breakfast.  Though my trips to Indiana have led me to believe that there is little redeeming of that state that borders mine to the southeast, but the Hash House A Go-Go may be it's greatest export.  . . We had large group, so I'm sure that didn't help the wait, but the 2.5 hour breakfast we had was absolutely belly bustingly amazing!  Our waitress was pretty aware of our wait and did a nice job to makesure our group of 6 was well cared for and not waiting long for things like coffee and other refills.  She was also helpful in ordering.  If it's your first time there, I recommend ordering (or talking someone else at your table into ordering) the Chicken Farm Benedict.  This colossal tower of food was a sight to behold.  I went for the Tractor Driver Combo.  . . The TDC was two eggs (over medium), bacon, wheat toast and my choice of pancakes, french toast or waffles.  This would normally be an easy choice (pancakes), but this place isn't your ordinary breakfast joint.  Far from the ordinary, the pancakes, french toast and waffles here are the size of a large platter.  And, with flapjacks like Blueberry Pecan, Brown Sugar Banana, Blackberry Granola, Snickers, Butterscotch Almond, Apple Cinnamon, Mango Coconut, Strawberry Frosted and granola waffles or banana cinnamon french toast...forget-a-bout-it...this is the real deal.  . . My choice was made slightly easier when I saw Brown Sugar banana pancakes.  I think that banana pancakes rank up there with precious jewels, gold bullion and other fine items that ought be cherished.  This was a banana pancake on steroids!  It was incredible.  It was soft on the inside, crispy and caramelized on the outside and delicious everywhere.  If I could have finished the one that I ordered, I would've contemplated ordering a second.  It was worth the gut busting pain that was likely to follow.  . . Seriously, if you're in Vegas, and you have the time to wait for a seat, get to this place for breakfast.  Book some time before, and after, as you'll need to wait to get in and head back to your hotel for a food coma afterward.  This was a great meal and the perfect start to a 24 hour day in Las Vegas.
One of the best breakfasts in Vegas!. . We were lucky that there was no wait when we ate there. The hype is true, you won't be able to finish your pancakes here. I had the blueberry & pecan pancakes and they did not disappoint. Whole, real blueberries and pecans in pancakes isn't something you want to pass up. . . I had the bloody mary and no pre-made mix here.  It was spicy without being too salty, just right.  They even puree the tomatoes fresh for each drink.. . Service was great and fast, they refilled my coffee and water right on time. Waitress was really friendly too. . . If you eat breakfast here you won't be hungry til at least dinner!
You know when people write " this place has big servings", and you go "yeah yeah yeah whatever im hungry ill eat it all....". .  well this place has impossible to finish gynormous servings that can serve three on one plate. So  don't be a fool, and share your plate with your date. And oh yeah the chow is good.. . did i say good- i mean frickin awesome.  take it to the bank
Food is over sized so make sure you share with someone. Food is great and not greasy
My new favorite breakfast place.  Had the corned beef hash, the kids got the waffles with bacon in the middle.  The yummiest part was the espresso with a scoop of ice-cream.  Love it here, a good treat once in a while!
Whats up with these portions?? I felt like a lil fat hungry kid at the table. My pancake was about a foot in diameter making the large sides of eggs and crispy potatoes looking miniature in comparison!! Glancing at the size of the meal i knew i wasn't going to be able to finish it all and thought "something this big can't taste good??"...right?? Wrong, the food was great. I do recommend the french toast over the pancake but it was good, good enough to remove the hangover i had. Our server was chipper and she had lots of jokes which made the experience even better, i think her name was Denise?
We all loved this place! We had no wait for a table and our food came out pretty fast. They do not have their own restroom and in my hunt to find an open one in the casino I returned to discover that our food had already arrived! . . My husband had the pork tenderloin benedict and boy was it massive. He only finished a 3rd of it. My mom and I split the tractor special with cinnamon banana nut french toast. It you are sharing an item there is a $2.25 charge unless you order a side dish so I ordered my own side of scrambled eggs. What this meant was we each had our own eggs and one BIG piece of french toast, half a grilled banana and she ate both pieces of bacon. We also shared a fresh squeezed tangerine juice which was unusual and very good. My mom said it was the best french toast she had ever had for what that is worth! . . Our server was Travis and he was nice and helpful with suggestions since this was our first time here. I think he may have psychic powers since he suggested exactly what we were looking at in addition to the popular chicken and waffles. . . They sell the same shirts that the servers wear for about $16 and they have a variety of hats that I think are $21-ish. If you are interested in buying any merchandise tell your server as they can add it to your total bill. Otherwise, you will be like us and making a separate payment at the bar after your meal is over. The sign said they have a lot more items than what they seemed to have in stock. . . Bottom line: interesting food and atmosphere. Something different than your run of the mill chain restaurants. I really liked it.
Wow great food.   Large portions I suggest you share a meal.   . The waitress was the best!. We did have a wait of about 20 minutes but well worth it.
I came across Hash House A Go Go from their spotlight on the 702 TV show.  The television show spotlights local hot-spots, clubs, restaurants, etc.  The first time I saw them on television, the portions were huge (think Cheesecake Factory) and the food looked absolutely delicious.  Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to visit the eatery until my next visit to Vegas.. . My friend and fellow foodie were dead set on having Hash House for Sunday breakfast before he had to hit the road.  As we made our way to Imperial Palace, I was already drunk an it was only 10 or 11 in the morning.  After parking in the garage, we made our way into the casino and after asking some staff for directions, we made our way towards Hash House.. . I was pleasantly surprise that there was no waiting time for our party of two.  After a few more shots, I glanced over the extensive menu and settled for my guilty pleasure of french toast.  My fried ordered some variation of eggs Benedict.  The food took about 15-20 minutes to get to our table and we were both with smiles.. . The french toast arrive an were beautifully presented and resemble a presentation from the Food Network.  The french toast were dense, yet fluffy and were nicely griddled to a golden brown and dipped in banana cinnamon cream with pecan maple syrup.  The french toast were mouth watering and undoubtedly the best tasting french toast I've ever had.  In addition to the fluffy toast, caramelized banana slices accompanied the delicious toast.. . Hash House A Go Go is a food experience that will forever be embedded in my mind and taste buds.  My friend's breakfast was equally up to par and gave him an equally satisfying food coma.  If I had to compare Hash House A Go Go to something it would be The Cheesecake Factory, but more intimate and with a mom and pop diner feel.  Oh Hash House A Go Go, how I miss you.
OMFG.. . Like seriously, omfg.. . I had to have texted my friend just those four letters at least 5 times because this place was better than I could have imagined.. This was seriously one of the best breakfasts I have ever had. Ever. . . My boyfriend & I saw this place on one of the tourist channels in the hotel and they mentioned it had been featured on Man vs. Food. Now, we both enjoy watching that show but have never had the opportunity to try one of the places where Adam has gorged himself so we knew that we simply had to try this place before we went back home. And in my opinion, it could not have been better.. . First, I had fairly low expectations for this place because it is in a pretty seedy looking casino on the strip. I mean, I had never even heard of the Imperial Palace let alone knew that it had such an awesome restaurant hiding inside. Also, it was known for having huge portions which typically means to me that the food is going to be just ok.. . I was totally wrong.. . The restaurant itself is actually very nice compared to the rest of the casino. It's really spacious and clean, and they play AWESOME music. Also, aside from your average orange juice, they offer tangerine juice. WHO ELSE DOES THAT!? No one, that's who.. My boyfriend and I were already loving it just from those two things. . . For breakfast I ordered the Tractor combo which I got with two over easy eggs, sausage and the Brown Sugar Banana pancake.. That's right. This was no boring old plain whatever pancake with some bananas sliced on top. . This was a HUGE effing pancake with a beautiful crust of brown sugar goodness with at least two whole bananas cooked into the massive cake. OMFG.. Drool. . The delicately flavored moist and fluffy cake gently embraced the bananas as they were surrounded by delicious little pockets of crunchy brown sugar. I was a little closer to heaven with each bite. . The eggs and sausage were also stellar, perfectly cooked with surprisingly very little grease. I was very impressed.. . My boyfriend chose the Man vs. Food favorite which was a ridiculous benedict of mashed potatoes and biscuits topped with fried chicken, scrambled eggs, mozzarella cheese and some veggies covered with a chipotle cream sauce. It was HUGE. Definitely the Frankenstein's monster of benedicts if I've ever seen it.. It was also very tasty though. The chicken was delicious, again surprisingly not greasy at all. Especially for fried chicken. The chipotle cream was flavorful with a good amount of heat and all the veggies were super fresh. . . The service was also spectacular. Our waitress was super friendly and our food was brought out very promptly, even though she told us that our dishes may not come out at the same time. She told us they don't use heat lamps so they want everything to be served right when it comes out so it gets to you nice and hot. That is fine with me! . This place definitely deserves all 5 stars. Great service, fantastic ambiance, amazing food and HUGE portions. . I will for SURE be coming back to this place as soon as I can. . I would even drive all the way out to Vegas again just to come to the Hash House, it's that good. Next time I HAVE to try the Chicken & Bacon Waffles. . Yes. They have bacon waffles. . OMFG.
This place always has a wait but it goes by pretty fast.  The portions are big enough to feed the whole family. I love the watermelon lemonade.  I'll defiantly make this place a tradition on every Vegas trip
Imperial Palace is nowhere special overall but there is ONE place inside that is worth raving for and it's Hash House A Go Go.. . My husband and I got into LV early and had to wait a couple hours for our room. I have heard nothing but great things about the food here (other location is at M Resort off strip) so we decided to check it out. Hostess asked us to wait 20 minutes and exactly 20 minutes later, our table was ready (not bad for a Sunday morning). Music was a tad too loud for me for a restaurant but nothing too major.. . Husband ordered the basic breakfast (two eggs, bacon, toast, and potatoes). I ordered the corned beef hash breakfast. Both servings were HUGE! The value is unbeatable... great food, big portions, for a decent price. Both of us loved the food. It was warm, tasty, and cooked perfectly. We didn't wait too long for the food, which surprised me considering how packed it was. We both had orange juice and it was freshly squeezed and refreshing. Wait service was good as well.. . Be sure to try their homemade jelly. Wow- delicious!. . Don't miss this place next time you're in Vegas.
The service has been much better recently. I've been seated promptly and my server has gotten my tangerine juice out right away.
Farm food with a twist! I like! If this is farm food from Indiana, then I'm going to love Indiana!. . I didn't expect this place to be THAT good. We ordered the Corned Beef, which came with two eggs, roasted potatoes, biscuit, and fruits. The other plate we ordered was the Andy's Sage Chicken with maple reductions, two eggs, bacon mash potatoes, biscuit, and fruits. WOW! The portions were ridiculously huge! The service was quick and friendly! . . There needs to be a Hash House A Go Go in L.A. or Long Beach!
They have the best BACON WAFFLES!!  Portions are huge and the prices are so reasonable for a restaurant in a Casino!
My fave spot in Vegas. A must go to spot if you hungry the portions are CRAZY BIG! Chicken and waffles... BOMB. MMM!
A breakfast lovers dream!!. . I had heard of this place before but since the closest location was in San Diego I soon forgot about it until someone told me I had to go while I was in Vegas. I'm so glad I took that advice!. . The portions are HUGE. I have a pretty big appetite and was able to split my meal with a friend and was still full as all get out! We shared the french toast tractor combo which came with eggs and bacon and it was probably one of the best french toasts I've ever had! (Even better than Kimmie's coffee cup and I LOVE their french toast). Anywho they dip it in some kind of banana cinnamon cream which is to die for.. . My cousin and her friend split the vanilla waffle combo with potatoes and that was just as yummy. Even after my stomach was aching from all of my food I still could not pass up a chance to try that wonderful waffle!. . If you're in Vegas and looking for some delicious breakfast you have got to go here.. we even made a to go order for breakfast on the way home. It made the drive a little easier :)
Great food!! Must try!!!
Well worth the 45+ minute wait (and the 30 minutes of trying to find the entrance to the IP... and navigating through the casino to find the restaurant).  Well, well worth it.  . . The chicken fried benedict was quite simply the most perfect breakfast imaginable.  My boyfriend, from the South, even said the fried chicken was better than his - HUGE compliment from the most particular eater I have encountered.. . Our table of four ordered the chicken fried benedict, French toast, chorizo scramble, Truck Driver breakfast with a vanilla waffle, and a Snickers pancake on the side.  The only complaint was about the vanilla waffle - my sister-in-law was not a fan, but since I did not try it, I am still going with 5 Stars. :). . I am quite the large eater, as is my 6'5" 300lb brother, and there was food enough for at least three more when we left.  This is definitely going to be a must-stop every time we are in Vegas.  My diet and exercise plan is glad there are not any locations in Phoenix. :)
My wife and I ate there twice during our last trip to Vegas. Once for breakfast and once for dinner, each was one of the most amazing "comfort food" meals of my life. The servers were all great and friendly. The wait was a half hour-ish for breakfast and they didn't seem busy at all but we went for an early dinner and there was no wait at 5pm. They do take reservations though. Steve was our bartender/server for dinner and he was very personable and made the best white russian that i've ever had (it was his own recipe). Sit at the bar and ask for Steve! Portions are HUGE too! Prices are very very very reasonable.
This place is amazing. The ingredients Hash House mixes together work wonders on the taste buds. The Soy based Bar B' Que sauce used on my pork ribs was perfect. I highly recommend Hash House A Go Go to anyone within a 100 mile radius of one of their fabulous restaurants. The trip and time will be well worth it. Come hungry, leave happy. The staff @ the I.P. Hash House in Las Vegas are simply marvelous. All staff I came in contact with were funny, knowledgeable, and caring. Thanks to Steve @ the bar for the recommendation of the  Slow cooked Pork Ribs. Enjoy and tell EVERYONE u know about Hash House A Go Go.
My boyfriend and I are huge fans of Man vs. Food and saw that HHAGG was featured. Well we ventured through the Imperial Casino (smoky) and took the ride up to HHAGG. There was a wait but being the warriors we are we tactfully scouted out a couple leaving the bar area where there were 2 stools (YAY!!!) Anyway, we are seated at the bar area and we meet our waitress Kai. Kai is magnificent. She recommends certain foods on the menu, being that was our first time there. She also makes great tangerine mimosa (How many restaurants you know offers this drink?) Sassy her colleague is just as nice. The food was out of this world. Huge portions, but what the hell you are in Vegas, where you are drinking, so you definitely need something to absorb all that food. I enjoyed every minute of my experience at HHAGG. Andrew thanks also for giving sound advice about the club scene!!!! I'm definitely a huge fan of HHAGG!!!!!!
Hash House A Go Go at the Imperial Palace.  I had a $25.00 certificate from restaurant.com. (dinner).  Went about 5:30pm since we were starving, hardly anyone in the place.  Interesting decor with a lot of aluminum, including the tables.  Had the BEST waitress.  Hubby had the 1 pound stuffed burger (roasted peppers & mozzarella), BFF the Blue Crab (with linguine) appetizer (meal sized) and I had the stuffed meatloaf (roasted peppers, fresh spinach, mozzarella).  Drinks were just iced tea.  The food was wonderful and of course WAY, WAY too much of it.  HH adds the 18% tip on the bill when using the certificates, the whole bill came to $34.20 - what a deal!  5 stars. Photos:. https://picasaweb.google.com/3ChihuahuasMama/HHAGoGoFood?authkey=Gv1sRgCIK566jEu5LhoQE#. . This location at the Imperial Palace menu is not quite the same as on HH's website.  For a true menu, look at the one posted for HH on restaurant.com
my first time here, and i love this place already. the kiwi lemonade are to die for.. lol
I've eaten here 3 times. It's become a staple each time we visit Vegas and stay at the IP. We first saw it featured on Man vs. Food for their huge portions and they are not kidding. I've made my meals last 3-4 servings. I've tried the mango-coconut pancake, the goat cheese scramble, and most recently the veggie hash. All awesome. Their biscuits are divine and about the size of a large softball..  . There is always a wait so anticipate that or get there early. The value is very reasonable considering your meal is about 4 serving sizes. I've never had their fancy cocoas and coffee drinks but they always look good on the menu. Service is always friendly and prompt considering the wait to be seated.  . . A can't-miss breakfast place.
This has certainly been my one stop shop for breakfast for many reasons..The staff is always very inviting and the few times I've gone they always seem to be very friendly..It's the genuine touch not the "let me think you're god so I'll get more money out of you" sort of way.. . The food has no doubt been amazing and maybe someday I'll come close to even finishing half of the meal..The portions have always been massive, but hey who can complain about that? The wait time has been non existent, but I remembered just to go in early and beat the crowd (it always seems to fill up right as we're paying for the check).. . I have tried the snicker pancakes, blueberry white chocolate pancakes, and the truck driver combo. Each has been a marvel in itself and cooked to perfection. . . For an over the top breakfast destination look no further, but sharing is probably better if you aren't about wasting food!
Best food! Must go to for breakfast or lunch! Left here pretty happy with tummy full
This place is almost overwhelming! So many choices and the portions are HUGE!!! We went for breakfast and I had the mango coconut pancakes. It was one enormous pancake with coconut and mango throughout and a crunchy coconut crust from being cooked on the griddle - amazing. The only downside was that for a pancake the size of a Thanksgiving turkey platter, they gave you a tiny creamer pitcher of syrup. Definitely had to ask for more.. . The wait for a table wasn't bad about 20-30 minutes, but we had to wait forever for our food. We saw many tables that were seated after us get served their food first. It was quite annoying. However, it was still worth the wait.
Been here a few times and it's our favorite breakfast place anywhere.  The Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict or the HH Original Benedict is all we need and that'll fuel you up for the whole day.  It's very easy to get carried away and order too much so it's best to share.
My friends and I were having a really bad day. We did what girls best when we're upset, and that's eat... A LOT. For appetizers we ordered some kind of fried shrimp starter (forgot what it was called), which was really good. We also ordered a crab cake pasta salad. It was AMAZING! Our waitress described it as one of her favorites, and we were sold once she said it was a  jumbo crab cake made up of over 90% crab. The crab was lump and delicious, and the pasta salad complimented it really well. The four of us split two fried chicken benedicts, which were also quite delicious, over-indulgent, and satisfying! Our server was so attentive and helpful. I feel bad for not remembering her name though.. She definitely added to the experience. We even wrote her a note on the check telling her that she made our horrible day much better :)
The best breakfast food place to eat in Vegas. I wanted something with eggs and my friend was craving for biscuits and gravy. I ordered the chorizo hash and he ordered the biscuits and gravy with sausage. Their portions are huge! one order can feed two people. The has was excellent filled me up and my friend had to take his to go because his was a lot more than he could handle. Great place for when you and your friends are really hungry after a drunken night of partying and gambling.
On my most recent trip to LV the concierge recommended Hash House and boy was she right on the money.  This place is FAB! Mimosas in a variety of flavors and the food is yummo!  Be prepared for big portions.  The chicken and waffles are to die for.  The service was good and the vibe is great to get the day started.  I highly recommend this place as a definite stop while in LV.
The BEST chicken & waffles I've ever had in my life. Roscoe's can suck it!. . I was guided here by Yelp after searching for some nearby breakfast foodstuffs. Reviews were solid, and they spoke of portions so huge they were legendary. Finding it inside the Imperial Palace was a little tricky, but a helpful security guard guided us while he told me about how "you can't go wrong with anything" in regards to what I should order. We got seated no problem - must have come during a lull. . . My eyes immediately locked on the Sage Chicken & Waffles once I was presented with the menu. Two succulent fried breasts of chicken placed atop a tower of four bacon waffles, coated in syrup. Call a cardiologist because I was ready to risk a heart attack for this meal. . . Of course, I can't have a big breakfast meal without a suitable beverage. Enter the B.L.T. Mary, a 20 oz. Bloody Mary made with bacon-infused vodka, all the usual fixings, and garnished with a strip of bacon, romaine lettuce and a tomato slice. It also came with a single piece of white toast that my gf noted looked like a large Melba toast. I opted out of eating it, though. . . Good thing, too, because my jaw went slack when she brought out my order. The portion was gargantuan. I quickly dove in. The chicken tasted like something sweet had been added after the deep-frying, making it ridiculously savory in addition to being extremely succulent. The waffles were so chock full of bacon that it was protruding from every seam. The combination of chicken, waffle and syrup was the experience I wanted to have at Roscoe's, but never got. The flavors were so good that I drove myself to finish off both breasts and 3 of the waffles entirely. After that, I was certain my stomach was about to explode. . . My gf got the "basic two eggs with potatoes, bacon and fruit" for $6.95, but there was nothing basic about it. The plate was huge, and she could barely finish it off. Even their most unassuming items are still enough food for two. Total out the door was about $35, and worth every single penny. I'll be making this my go-to breakfast spot in Vegas from now on.
Really really really ridiculously delicious. I tried the fried chicken eggs benedict- it was UNREAL & so was the portion. The line sucks, and this restaurant is inside the Imperial Palace, but who cares- the grub is worth it. Stay away if your trying to eat healthy or watching your weight. I walked  out probably 5lbs heavier than when I walked in. This place totally lives up to the hype- got to try it next time your in Vegas.
THe second we exited Flamingo from the 15 fwy i said, "We have to go to hash house a go go Right now!" Thank GOODNESS!! I saw it on Man V Food and have wanted to eat here for a really really long time. So, i already pre-meditated the fact that i would probably have to wait about a hour for a table, or be on the list for next day, or whatever. Whatever the reason i was willing to wait. I just wanted to eat here really bad. . . Its at the Imperial Palace (weird hotel with lots of smokers), went left, right, south, north, couldn't find the place. Asked security for assistance, and bypassed a huge "HASH HOUSE A GO GO" sign above an escalator in the middle of the casino. . . This place does not disappoint. The proportions are HUGE. If you can't finish a $6 burger at Carl's Jr then split a plate with a friend. If you CAN finish a $6 burger at carl's jr then split a plate with a friend. They are GENEROUS with proportions. I was under the impression that it would be super expensive with outrageous prices, but NO i was wrong. Plates are from $11-$15, totally affordable. Its VEGAS, live it up. . . We ordered the meatloaf breakfast,HH delux (?) plate, and Andy's fried chicken benedict(as seen on Man V Food).. . Meatloaf tasted interesting, came out in a skillet with chunks of potatoes and vegetables with two huge biscuit. (I swear this restaurant is for people with big appetite and with 3 stomachs). Sister said she didn't like the meatloaf entree (too bad). Other sister ordered their GIANT pancake with sausages and scrambled eggs with a side of crispy potatoes. I mean GIANT pancake. I think it was 1 ft in diameter. It was HUGE, at least 1/4 inch thick. She of course didn't finish it. I ordered Andy's chicken and biscuit (i can't remember the name but as seen on Man V Food). SOO GOOD.. . HUGE biscuits with two huge fried chicken, on a bed of perfect mashed potates and strips of bacon and some special sauce. Don't forget to try their homemade JAM. Super delicious. Scoop some unto the biscuit or on some potatoes or on some mashed potatoes. Try the homemade jam. . . The table next to us were a party of 4 HUGE dudes. Macho douchebags with their artificial tan and muscles bulging from their tight ed hardy shirts. They could probably eat everything on the menu. Anyways, they all ordered burgers. They didn't finish it, and wrapped their half burgers to-go. Another table of big dudes order the chicken and waffles and had half their food boxed togo. . . So, A LOT of food. Not expensive. The hostess told us (a party of 4) would have to wait about 40 minutes, which was totally fine. Only a 30 minute wait, which flew by b/c we were reading the menu. . .  I gotta try the chicken and waffles next time! or maybe the french toast or a burger. eeeek
I unfortunately stayed at IP, but was pleasantly surprised that House Hash was in this hotel. I went here for dinner and breakfast the next day. I was with a big party and was able to try a few dishes, so here I go.  . . Rosemary Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict: My favorite dish on the menu. Yes, this is the one that was featured on Man vs Food.. . Slow Cooked BBQ ribs:  Awesome sauce and meat fell off the bone. Horseradish coleslaw was tangy and spicy!. . Butternut squash dish: Cooked to perfection!  Not soggy at all.. . Chicken pot pie:  Great flaky shell and sauce used for chicken was delicious.. . The food was delish, service always came quickly with a joke or a smile, and the portions are unbelievably HUGE!! Definitely a place where you can share a plate.
Love this place!  I go there for breakfast now every time I am in Vegas.  Beats any buffet.  Everything is fresh and delicious and HUGE!  all at reasonable prices.
Fantastic food. I've been a few times and it's been good each time. I usually get the chicken and waffles or the chicken Benedict. . . The portions are huge- two people can generally share one dish. . . The menu is headlined as 'twisted farm food'- very true. It's pretty much pure American food with little foreign influence. . . If you like big portioned American food (specifically breakfast), this place is for you.
I wish there was a Hash House in CA because it was so good! My group ordered mostly the corned beef hash and the meatloaf hash. I think I was in heaven when I started eating it. The portions were great too. All of us had food leftover to take home. Each hash entree also comes with fruits and a biscuit, which I didn't even get to because I was so full from the actual entree. You must go here and eat if you are on the strip! I guess the one bad thing is that the wait for the food was really long but it was so worth it!
Awesome Awesome.... . My husband and I went here and was presently surprised that the escalator ride up to the resturant is like entering a completely different dimension than the casino in the Imperial... The menu is decadent from start to finish, the portion sizes are huge, food is tasty...Kudos to the Mimosas!. . I ordered the french toast and he ordered the chix and waffles. Awesome Awesome! My suggestion is to come hungry and with a group because you may want to share.. There was a wait but it was well worth it!
The main reason why I wanted to eat here was because I saw this place on man vs food. . . I had ordered the Sage chicken Benedict, which is basically what Adam Richmond had ordered on man vs food. . . This food had many layers and each layer complimented one after another. . . Mash potatoes, grilled cheese, fried chicken, biscuit, smoked chipotle sauce, and bacon. . . I would definitely come back here again just not before going to EDC.
My favorite kind of restaurant is one that takes something familiar and pumps up the flavor profile in a unique way, while still keeping the vibe casual and comfortable. Chego in Los Angeles is my favorite restaurant in the world for this reason, and what it does for Korean food, Hash House A Go Go does for breakfast staples.. . Take whatever it is you enjoy for breakfast. They have a fresh twist on it that adds lots more flavor, and they give you a gigantic portion too. I got the corned beef hash - it came out with larger chunks of quality corned beef (instead of mushed together scraps), with swiss cheese to make it a combination of the usual breakfast staple with a Reuben twist. My wife got the Pecan blueberry pancake, and said it was the best pancake she's ever had.. . Highest recommendation to go. I find it hard to believe a human being could walk away from here unhappy. One tip though - this location is at the Imperial Palace, so we went because it was on the strip. But if you have a car, or the means to get off the strip, go to another location if you can. The Imperial Palace is one of the more crowded, smoky, noisy, run down and depressing hotels you'll visit. The restaurant is still worth the trip if this is your only option (heck, I did it myself), but knowing better next time, I'll make the drive to the other location.
Delicious!!! The Best Thing I Ever Ate..Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict! Everything Is Fresh and good! If Come To Vegas You Have To Eat Here!!!
Every time I'm in Las Vegas i gotta get My Hash House fix. Portions are crazy huge. I went here just for the sage fried chicken eggs Benedict because I saw it on Man vs. Food. I didn't finish it although i did enjoy it later that evening haha. I would say the only down fall with this place is the wait but so worth it. What more can i say I Love Hash House. We need one over here in the Bay area thanks...
The food is great and there was SOOOOO MUCH of it!!  The Chicken and Waffles were so great I wish I could have eaten it all.  Next time I will share the meal with a friend.  Our waiter was great and kept the drinks filled.  When it came time to leave I asked if he could fill my metal water bottle with iced water and he had no problem doing that for me.  Thank you for a memorable meal in Vegas!
This place was great! Thought food was tasty & freakin huge portions. Most dishes can be split among two people & still be super full. Recommend the chicken Benedict meal. Had biscuits potatoes eggs spinach Bacon fried chicken with great sauce gravy covered and it all seemed to go excellent together. New regular spot for us whenever we come to LV. Gotta try.
Our first morning, well afternoon in Las Vegas would be started with breakfast(lunch) at Hash House A Go Go in Las Vegas. Friday afternoon, no waiting for a table can't get much better than that. After patronizing their San Diego location we were more than happy to know there would be a location on the strip waiting for us during my birthday celebration weekend. Our waiter was so attentive and on top of things. I love it when I do not have to ask for more napkins or a refill on water. . I had the lovely cheeseburger - not realizing that it's either one patty split, or two actual patties with all the fillings in between. It was served with a side of mac & cheese (cheesy, gooey, tasty), and I tried to finish as much as I could. My friends ordered one of the benedicts entree's and a salmon scramble dish. No complaints from our whole table. We ordered one banana pancake to share and sure enough we couldn't finish the huge flapjack. . Reasonably priced, full bar, something on the menu for everyone. It's definitely a must-have while in Las Vegas (or San Diego). Bring your appetite and good luck if you can finish your plate!
Amazing food and a great price for how much food you get. Ask for Haley! Great advise on what to eat! Take her word, she is right.  Amazing!
I made my friends go here when we were in Vegas because I just had to try the fried chicken! Geez. I wish they had one of these in the Bay Area. I would probably go here every week! Or maybe month since it's a little pricey... Anyhow.. sage fried chicken? DELICIOUS!. Their menu is so interesting and unique. You can't just have one item. I. need. to. go. back. no.
7 stars.  What the hell is wrong with some of you?. . 11:30AM on a 105-degree August Wednesday.  Line out the door.  That can't be a bad sign.. . Wife got S'mores mocha to start.  It was a big hit.. . Friend's wife got kiwi watermelon lemonade.  Interesting stuff, she raved over it.  . . I got the sage fried chicken eggs benedict biscuit.  That was an enormous amount of stomach-orgasming food.  What a taste mix- juicy, crunch fried chicken, fully biscuit, awesome chipotle sauce (could have used a bit more, though) and mashed potatoes.  And I polished off every bit of it (no bullshit.)  . . Wife got the banana pancake and holy Buddha on a stick, that was some incredible stuff.  A crunchy layer on top, about a foot across in diameter... and I got to eat about half of it (on top of my biscuit.  Yes, I am indeed the man.  Of course, I didn't want to eat for the rest of the day, but stop for a minute and give me some applause.). . Friend's chicken and waffles were fantastic, and everyone else raved over his wife's biscuits and gravy (which were so damned big, over half remained after her attempt and hubby's to eat it.)  Personally I thought the sausage was a little weak in it, but it was tasty.. . I must thank the fine purveyors of this food not only for the insanely good quality and Godzilla-like proportions, but the fact that prices are just a couple of bucks higher than some casino coffee shop for a breakfast with 75% less volume and flavor is a real testament to the fact that they want you to enjoy the shit out of your meal.. . Vegas, we have a clear winner forbreakfast.  I am sold like crazy and will be visiting here each and every time we return.
Okay another hungover morning, wait I mean another still drunk from last night morning, and im starving,with no energy to battle through a buffet me and my friend decided to hit the Hashhouse, since I kept hearing about these chicken and waffles, It was bookmarked!. . we got there and got seated right away place wasn't to full yet, I ordered some kind of spritzer cocktail, it was tasty, my friend ordered some kinda Mojito champagne thing, she didn't like it but I did, because im a lush.. I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles which comes with,. two sage fried chicken breasts with hardwood smoked bacon waffle tower, hot maple reduction and fried leeks.. . This thing was huge as you can see from the pic, I thought the bacon cooked into the waffle was G, the leeks where all over it, and there was a little bit of diced Bellperes around the whole plate, the presentation was on point. I was surprised how much the flavors all balanced out together, I thought the leeks, & bell pepper would throw it off, but every bit of it all magically went together. My friend Lanz had one of the house hashes the Chorizo, jalapenos, cheddar cheese & fresh tomato.. This comes with tossed  crispy potatoes and is topped w/ 2 eggs, served with fruit and biscuit. . T. his was really really good, and i thought it was gonna be super meh, no way this tasted better than most Mexican spots in LA that serve Chorizo breakfast style, with that said my friend was too out of it to eat it all, so I took the pleasures. This will be my breakfast of drunken champions spot from now on when I do Vegas, or rather when Vegas does me?
#1 Place to visit for breakfeast when we come to Vegas, for taste and value. Be patient because it does take a while to get food and beverages. They could also improve on the biscuits, I'm from the South so I have high expectations when it come to biscuits.
so good! . . my coworker suggested I come here and since we were going to a show at caesars palace we decided to check it out. the man and I ordered a cobb salad and chicken and waffles to share. the salad was gigantic and so good. the chicken and waffles were the best ever. i've been to roscoe's in socal and chicken and waffles in oakland, but i was a vegetarian until a few months ago so this was my first experience with the actual chicken with the waffles. it blew my mind, and whoever thought to put bacon inside the waffles is a genius. bacon rules. the chef came out and was talking to everyone and asking how the food was which was a nice touch and our waitress was attentive but not overly so. we figured that by ordering a salad we'd be able to finish off the chicken and waffles but we only got through 2/3 of the salad and had one chicken piece left and one waffle left. win!
Me and my boyfriend came to hash house because of our restaurant.com coupon and because of all the great reviews.  . . We went on a Sunday morning and it was a 45 minute wait.  They give you pagers but they don't work downstairs on the casino floor.  Our waiter was really cool and very informative about the menu.  He talked us into ordering the the chicken and waffles for me and my boyfriend had a meatloaf sandwich with fries.  Omg the portions were huge!  I tasted my bf meatloaf and it was soooo good! My waffles were really good but the chicken I think needed a little more seasoning but they did put a little bit off sauce on the plate for the chicken. But  overall the food was good. Had a great time and would go back again!
I saw it on Food Network, and read reviews, my friend from out of town came to vegas, and we hit this place up right away. I was hungry and so was he. We wanted something massive. So I knew what I wanted, Chicken & Waffles, and he got meatloaf. I was impressed not only by the flavor but by the presentation. The Chicken was crispy, flavorful, and the Waffles was cooked in a batter, that had bacon in it..pretty EPIC.. it was like art, who would of known CHicken and waffles..art? lol anyways. this location is 1-2$ more per plate compared to the W. Sahara one. That was my only complaint. then again it was on the STRIP. Suprisingly when I went on a Saturday Night, it was real empty. so we got our food out right away.
YAY, another Hash House A Go Go, this time in Vegas. LA LA LOVE IT! I discovered this place in San Diego, where they have one and it is definitely something worth coming to. Each dish comes out in a giant oval plate that I swear can feed a family of 4. Their pancakes are all unique and ginormous!! It is just a fun place to go. Not only is their plenty of food but everything you order is great. They have some of the best bloody mary's you'll ever have. I'm soooo happy they have one in Vegas now too. They definitely have a hooked, loyal customer in me. :)
I was worried this location wouldn't be as good as the one in town but I was pleasantly surprised. We had a little wait (40 min for 7 people) but it was totally worth it. The food quality was spectacular. None of the other 6 people had ever eaten here before and they all can't wait to come back. The olives for the bloody mary was stuffed with jalapenos for extra kick. My HH original benedict was as big as my head and sooo delicious. The fried chicken is unreal and the biggest surprise was how perfect the quesadilla was. It was spicy with crunchy fresh jalapenos. I will be back my next trip for some more belly busting goodness!
All I can say is WOW!  When you see the generous portions and try the food... you're gonna say the same thing "WOW"!!!. . This place gets very packed and you might end up waiting anywhere between 20-45 mins for a table, but it's totally worth the wait.  If there is an open chair at the booth, you're welcome to sit there and have your meal.  My wife ordered the Chicken & Waffles and I had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and both dishes were OFF DA HOOK DELICIOUS!!!  We're coming back for sure!
This is place so GOOD! We showed up around 11AM on Friday morning. We had a party of 5 and were quoted that it would be 45 minutes to an hour wait. We were seated just after an hour. I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken, and Oh My F&^%! It was DELICIOUS! I totally recommend it, it filled me up for the ENTIRE day! LITERALLY!. . Line - YES! 45-an hour wait. Food - worth it!. Price - My wife and I paid $33 BEFORE tip. . Park at Imperial Palace or Flamingo's and just walk from there. Self park it to save some cash, unless you want to valet it.
I heart Hash House A-Go-Go.. . I went twice with my friends in my most recent trip to Vegas. As many reviews mention, each time there was a decent wait - but the food was worth it. Everything on the menu looks delicious, but don't be fooled into thinking you can get two breakfasts if you can't make up your mind. Even if you're a big guy like me, you'll have a hard time finishing the one thing you order. So decide if you want delicious flapjacks, delicious eggs, delicious chicken and waffles, or a delicious skillet. But no mixing and matching or you might die.. . As some have mentioned, the location off the strip is a little better than the one in the Imperial Palace. It's got better themed decor and a shorter wait. As far as I could tell, though, the food is the same at both locations.
Came here with my bf for breakfast on our anni before leaving vegas. This was my second time trying hash house and my bf's first time trying it. The first time I had hash house I ordered the chicken and waffles and a side of biscuits and gravy. Wasn't too crazy about the chicken and waffles, but the biscuits and gravy were great! This time me and my bf tried the man v. food special- Andy's sage fried chicken benedict with a side of biscuits and gravy. I don't usually like benedicts, but this was a different kind of benedict. i love it!!! it was so delicious. the combination of everything in it- the eggs, chicken, potatoes, biscuit, bacon.. along with the gravy.. oh mannn, sooo delicious. I will definitely stick to ordering that next time I come!
If it pleased my Dad who's a cook, it deserves a 5 star.
Bacon in the waffles! Best fried chicken you will EVER have. Tangerine mimosa, I believe I will have another!
SIZE MATTERS. That's all I'm saying. Because for all of the ugly stereotypes about America, and there are plenty, this is the one that I find least offensive.. . Gas guzzling SUVs? Can't stand 'em. Big hair? Totally 80s. Urban sprawl? Saddening. But give me a 18" plate with 5 lbs. of waffles, sage-rubbed fried chicken, maple syrup, and mashed potatoes... and I'll stand up and sing "Proud to be an American" with the best of them.. . Loved this place in San Diego, and this location is just as good. Not to mention, after you lose your @$$ in the casinos (and look around... trust me... you will...) you can have a $15 lunch entree, split in half, and take leftovers home. THAT big.
Wake me up before you go go. . Because I wanna go too.  I love this place.  I love the name, I love the food, and I love the attitude.. . The Name:. Okay, surely the name is a double entendre.  Yes, they are famous for the hash mixtures of potatoes and eggs mixed with vegetables and corned beef (or other protein choices).   All delicious, I'm sure.  But what about the other hash?  Why don't they just come out and call it Chronic a go go?  On second thought, maybe that name wouldn't fly.. . The Food:. It's described as twisted farm food.  Genius.  Hash House a go go takes heartwarming comfort food and gives it a crazy twist.   Want fried chicken and waffles?  Consider the Sage Fried Chicken stacked with a Bacon Waffle, hot maple caramel reduction sauce and crowned with fried leeks.  Yummy, a bit off kilter from expected and oh so delicious.  And there's plenty more choices where that came from.. . The Attitude. The menu, the place, the staff are all a bit funky and quirky.  Love the sassy boldness of the place.
This was one of the stops on my recent restaurant.com tour of dining in Vegas.  The $25.00 coupon made it a screaming deal.. . I had the signature Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  It was much better this time than the last time I had it.  Perhaps it was because I had a lower blood alcohol content.  It's just so much food. It provided breakfast the next morning too.. . My son (9) had the kids burger with fries.  He too got about half way through it.  It appeared to be a real hand formed patty.  He ordered a side of bacon to add to the burger.   I had a piece.  I wish bacon like that could be bought in the grocery store.. . My wife had the Griddled Cheese Sandwich.  Delicious and a great value at $10.95.. . The Bloody Marys were average and I thought overpriced.  Not what I would consider 5 star.. . The service was superior.  I think the best service I had anywhere during my recent 3 days in Vegas.  They were not crowded, which was nice, on  Tuesday about 8PM when we visited.
big portions!...yummy entrees---all can share!
Where can I even begin on this one?  Overwhelming does not even describe the amount of food you are brought ... They have no small meals here.  if you are grossed out by insane amounts of food and over the top creations ... this place is not for you.  Lucky for me I am a Man v Food type of guy and LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!  WOW ... just thinking back I can't wait until I got to Vegas again JUST FOR THIS PLACE!. . I had the chorizo plate, but the pancakes were huge, biscuits were huge, eggs benedict were huge (man v food chicken one was crazy) .... . BEST SERVICE in all of Vegas ... we got taken care of ... my only recommendation is calling ahead and getting reservations ... there is a lot of people that want to try this place so be prepared.  . . Can't wait to go back and try more - everyone with my group loved what they got and went back to hotel and passed out in a food coma!
This place is awesome!!. Food was great and huge portions. One thing to be aware of its in a crappy old casino but once you go upstairs to the restraunt  it is like a totally diff place. staff is nice and quick. food comes out hot and huge portions. Oh and the biscuits are huge fresh made daily and the best i have had since my dads.
How dare people not give Hash House 5 stars. This place is awesome. Huge portions of high quality food. If you don't like the Sage chicken with grilled cheese and chiptole cream sauce... there's something wrong with you.
This was the best chicken and waffles I've ever had! My friend and I shared the Sage Fried chicken and waffles (smart move, the portions are ginormous!!) The chicken was crispy outside and nice and juicy inside. The bacon waffles were a nice surprise with the bacon cooked inside the waffles. We added an order of hash browns to round out the meal. The music was bangin' too. Great place to have good food, dance a little bit in your chair, and good conversation. A Vegas must!!!
First, I must say besides the wait they so deserve 5 stars everytime.  This place was packed and I figured out why as soon as my food was placed in front of me.  They give you so much food you have to share it with someone else.  I ordered the banana maple & brown sugar pancake, at first I was was hesitant because i didn't want to pay $7.00 for one pancake, but man when I tell you one pancake is the size of a medium pizza, I am not kidding!!!!  It was soooooooo delicious, I wish there was one of these spots in Atlanta, I would definitely be a regular customer, even though i would also have to keep a gym memerbship if I ate here on a regular basis.  This is a must visit restaurant on every trip to Vegas for sure!!!!
Nom Nom nom nom...sorry..had my mouth full there.  I am literally writing this review while eating here because it has impressed me that much!  While I didn't have to wait in a line to get in, after having eaten their food, I probably would wait at least an hour if not a little longer just to eat at this place again!!  It's THAT good!  We're talking about taking breakfast foods and leveling up.  If this were a supermario game, you would be eating that flower and finding the secret passage way to the higher levels...it's that good!  Oh man, did I tell you yet..it's that good?!  We had the meatloaf hash, the Andy's Sage chicken benedict, and the brown sugar banana pancakes!  Each one of them could've fed the three of us alone, but together represented a mountain of yummy deliciousness.  I don't know why ppl ever give this place less than 5 stars, but I've eaten at all types of breakfast places from diners, to trendy breakfast restaurants...none of them compare to what this place can offer.  I would highly highly highly recommend you come to this restaurant and give it a go.  I promise you that you won't be disappointed and that you'll get more than you bargained for.  For the 3.5 of us (2 women, 1 male, 1 baby) it was more than enough to even just eat one dish, but if you want to try variety, get at least two, and if you are leaving that day and will never come back, get three just to have some variety!  Ugh!  I probably would come back to vegas just for this place it's that good and I know you'll feel the same way!
We always come here whenever we're in Vegas per a recommendation from my husband's Uncle. Their food is always fabulous and the service is impeccable! We've had several of their eggs benedict, including the fried chicken...sooooo yummy! And their fried chicken and waffles is absolutely amazing! The chicken is perfectly crisp yet stays moist and tender. And the waffles, believe it or not, actually have bacon strips INSIDE the waffles! I've never had anything like it and the syrup is scrumptious too! Though because it was so good we had to ask for more, but our server brought it to us promptly. The cheeseburgers are also absolutely amazing! Beware the portions are huge! My hubby and I always share something, and trust me he's a big eater!. And FYI, the bloodymary's there are really really good. They will of course ask if you want premium vodka, which costs about $3 more, but I say stick with the well and you'll be fine. It's not like you're going to have ten of them anyway (or will you?). . I can't say enough great things about this restaurant, we have always had great food and great service no matter what time of day or night. We will always visit this place once or twice every time we're in Vegas...we're just waiting for them to open up here in the bay area....course that wouldn't be very good for my hips, but who cares???
BLT Bloody Mary?  YES PLEASE!. . Nothing better than a bloody mary for a cure for the hangover.  ALWAYS love my toast on the side with a Bacon dipped right in my Bloody.. . The Sage Chicken here is also so good!  I personally don't eat the garnish but the leeks that's on top is drizzled with a maple syrup reduction that makes me sad once all the leeks are all gone.  If I could lick my plate I would.
This place is amazing!!! So unique and delicious!. . I was told about this place by a friend who couldn't stop raving about this place and they were right!! . . My husband had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream scrambled eggs. The dish on Man vs Food. It was so good. The fried chicken was so crispy even through it's covered with this really yumm sauce. The bacon and cheese on top of that rich creamy sauce, it was so good. Best fried chicken I ever had.. . I was trying to be a bit healthier than my husband so I got the Roasted Chicken, fresh corn, roasted pepper & mozzarella scrambles. It was so good, I think the corn was the best part, but overall it was the combination of the ingredients.. . Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade is amazing!! Love the kiwi part :). . Also a warning - The Hash House A Go Go in San Diego is the original, but it not nearly as good. The ones in Vegas is much better!!!
I read a bunch of reviews before I came here and decided to go with the chicken and waffles. When I got to the restaurant, I saw all of the pictures of the celebs on the wall with their reviews about how great this dish was. BAM... that solidified my decision! The chicken was crispy and the best part was finding bacon pieces in my waffle. Anyone who knows me knows bacon is the way to my heart. My boyfriend had the chicken pot pie. It was the best looking dish on the table and soooo tasty! My best friend had the tuna melt, which we learned was not a sandwich, but more like a salad and let me tell you, it was soooo delicious! I will definitely be thinking of this place the next time I plan  trip to Vegas or San Diego.
The food was DELICIOUS. This place was the place my boyfriend and I first went to when we arrived to LV, and it was a meal that was definitely worth the wait. I LOVE breakfast food, and this place just raised the bar.  The food portions are huge, so I took it to go and made a midnight snack out of it :) . . I'd love to come back to this place again. Definitely a must when you visit Vegas :)
OMG!! Portions can get insane depending on what you get! My boyfriend and I had breakfast here before we left to head home to the Bay Area. He ordered the chicken pot pie and I had french toast. The chicken pot pie was enormous. He couldn't even finish it halfway. That's rare for him! I barely finished my french toast. My french toast wasn't huge, it just had a lot of sides. Service was great, although for breakfast you would have to wait about 30 min because it gets pretty packed. But if you can get in a lot sooner than that, that's even better! I want to come back and try their lunch menu next time.
Went here on Sunday morning, Dec. 11th about 9am. We had about a five minute wait as it was really slow in Vegas this weekend. Normally I would expect to wait much longer at any restaurant or buffet on a Sunday for breakfast. . . We shared the corn-beef skillet, a side of bisquits and gravy, the pistachio mocha drink and the caramel all over everything drink. Our server/bartender/barista was Kye and she handles everything back there no problem. She was also quick to point out that we should save some bisquit for the home-made peach preserves. Guess they put something different out all the time. The food was great, the corned beef was incredible and we had absolutely no questions asked about sharing a meal. . . My experience was very good and I would definately recommend it AND go back for seconds.
A-mazing! Portions are huge and very, very tasty. The brown sugar banana pancake is sweet, warm and gooey. The chicken salad sandwich is layered with great flavor. Whatever happens in Vegas stays there unless you eat here cause you gotta take home leftovers and I was glad the next day at home when I had them. Our biggest regret was not ordering one more whole entree to take home too.
I ate here again and it was just as great as the first time. . . The food is excellent and you won't be able to finish your meal. I had the bacon waffle (the bacon strips are cooked right into the waffle) and would recommend it.. . I also tried the bloody mary and it was just right, not too spicy, not too salty.. . Like I said in my last review, eat here and you won't be hungry until dinner.
When I saw their signature Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles platter on a Las Vegas television show one night I knew I had to try this.  As my buddies stopped into the Imperial Palace casino to throw away a little more cash I decided a mid day feast was in order.  I imagined this place would get pretty crowded, but at 4:30 in the afternoon on a weekend this restaurant was surprisingly empty.. . My buddies later told me they were concerned that a huge meal a day before the marathon would hamper their performance.  I'm a slower runner than they are though so my only concern was to finish the race and have fun doing it.. . Back to the restaurant I was greeted and offered a seat at the bar or a table.  I noticed an attractive vixen sitting alone at the bar so I decided I was going to go there and offer her a bit of companionship.  As I sat comfortably into my seat I couldn't help but notice this dainty young lady was eating from two giant platters of food.  She acknowledged my presence, turned to me, smiled, greeted me and told me she's a dancer and hadn't eaten all day.  Don't mind my stare, lady!  I'm not checking out your perfect physique, but I do have an eye on the humongous burger on your plate.  Wait!  Do all showgirls eat like this?. . I finally picked up my menu.  They offer fresh squeezed fruit juices in 10 ounce and 20 ounce glassesso I went with a fresh tangerine juice, but I'm sitting at a bar, and how does one not have a beer when they're sitting at a bar?  I selected a Pyramid Apricot Wheat Ale (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=I1ZZCzT_lKHJ_YthVtc-Cw) and ice water knowing all to well I needed to stay hydrated for the run ahead.. . I took a quick glance at the food menu although I knew exactly what I wanted to try the minute I walked into the restaurant.  I selected the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles.  The service here was outstanding.  Every time the bartender left his station he'd return and give me an update on my food.. . I had a crappy camera with me at the time, but this is what I had (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=BagiL1VmvJTeDz_CIsty3w).  It's two huge chicken breasts partial bone attached battered and fried and sitting on an angle atop four squares of bacon-stuffed Belgian waffles drizzled in hot maple syrup.  That's right.  The waffles are stuffed with crispy bacon (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f4x1YBxkLrZg652xt2KR5g?select=t2IoUrYE-c7cIHRBxkk6ow)!. . The weight of the two chicken pieces quickly gave way to gravity as they fell onto the plate.  The chicken breast was amazingly juicy and the crispy batter was well seasoned.  The waffles were fluffy and chewy and I hadn't even gotten to the crispy bacon yet.  This signature dish definitely lived up to its hype.  This was outstanding.  I had to sit awhile after nearly finishing that entire platter.. . The dancer did better than I did taking what little food she left in a to-go box.  As she turned, smiled and bid me farewell I couldn't help but notice how gracefully she walked out the door.  I was so stuffed you might have been able to tip me over on my side and rolled me out the door!. . Las Vegas dancer or not, this time next year at 4:30 in the afternoon I will be back!
Ordered chorizo hash, biscuits n gravy, & bud in a bag. Soooo good! A lot of food for sure. Husband and I split and were stuffed! Quality A++!! Great service. Must go.. Okay, had to go back! Same great service!! Tried Sausage n Gravy Pot Pie & French Toast this time. Both were delicious! But I have to say, the French Toast is out of this world!!! . If you are on the strip and go anywhere else for breakfast, you are totally missing out! . The 3 best things; Price! Portions! Quality!!
Made the trek past the Dealertainers in the Imperial Palace and up the escalator to HHGG here on the Strip.  It wasn't very busy on a Friday night about 10:00 and we were seated adjacent to the bar. The friendly bartender doubled as our server and brought us a couple hefty drinks.  Having heard about the chicken and waffles, I had no choice... starting with their house salad with a cucumber ranch, I was a little full when the platter of four waffles and two chicken breasts arrived.  Though not a huge fan of waffles in the first place, these babies were cakey and fluffy, and each held a strip of bacon. Not yo mama's Eggo.  The chicken was hot, crispy and flavorful, without a huge amount of breading.  Two waffles and one chicken breast would have been plenty. BF had a fantastic looking burger with two patties, cheddar, bacon, avocado and all the fixings.  Even though our hotel room didn't have a fridge or microwave, I still trotted back a to-go box and took a couple bites in the morning.  Still tasty.
Brilliant portions... Great food.. Good prices ...
Once again I found myself eating here and my intuition didn't let me down. I decided to go adventurous and force myself to not get my regular tractor driver combo which is certainly salivating, but I was looking to sample something completely different this go 'round. . . I found myself leaning towards the corned beef hash scramble while my other guests went for the basic breakfast and my wife had the tractor combo in the end. I must say their corned beef hash was actually really good. It was the first that I had devoured which had not caused my insides to be overloaded with a salty after taste. I tip my hat to the hash house for that one and all others should take note that corned beef hash doesn't need to be over salted to be bueno!. . This was a short review, but what can I say? The service has always been top notch, the food is out of this world, and thank goodness when I come to Vegas I have found a must see for breakfast time and time again!
Was sent her by a friend for breakfast.  I will likely never eat breakfast anywhere else in Vegas.  Their menu, service, atmosphere, presentation, portions and the FOOD were amazing.  All this for half the price of other restaurants on the strip. . Walking through Harrah's and the Imperial Palace to get there is like a trip back to the 70s as well.
Holy cow. Where do I start?. First of all, I had never heard of this place, and my mom was adament about wanting to try this place because of all the awesome reviews she'd seen here on Yelp! I'm glad she insisted on it, because this place was yummmmm-o. . Now, let me be frank, the parking at Emperial Palace is a pain in tukhus. At least it was on the night we came. The restaurant was also a little tricky to find inside the actual casino, but once we figured out where we were going, we were good to go. . If there is one word I can use to describe the food here: hugemongous. But that's also leaving out how delicious it is. I ordered the meatloaf with BBQ sauce, and it was DIVINE. Seriously, I wanted to buy a gallon of it and take it home despite how hard it would have been to get it through airport security. I ordered like three extra serving cups of it. The meatloaf sandwich was rich and buttery, and served with a steak knife because it was so freakin' massive. Unfortunately, I couldn't finish it or take it back to our hotel, so I had to leave about 1/2 to 2/3 of it on my plate. Sad. . My mom ordered the Pacer's Hash, and it smelled awesome. Our friend Tiffany, who wasn't that hungry, thought it smart to just order a couple of sides, and chose the loaded cheese and bacon mashed potatoes and a side salad. WOAH. These things could hardly be considered sides. They were both the size of an entire meal. . So if you're looking for some delicious food at a good price, Hash House is where you'll find it. . And, you can burn some of those calories off by gambling downstairs when you're done.. ... Wait... Maybe I've got that wrong. Oh well. Try it out!
If you have a huge appetite, this is definitely the place to go!. . I came here on new years eve for lunch.  There was a pretty long wait to be seated but it was well worth it!  As I was waiting to be seated, I looked at the menu and knew that I wanted to order the Sage fried chicken benedict... This dish did not disappoint!  It was a unique combination of amazing-ness all on one gigantic plate. A layer of mashed potatoes was topped with two big biscuits with scrambled eggs, tomatoes, and spinach.  Then, the friend chicken sat on top of the biscuits.  The chicken was crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  Chipotle sauce was poured on top, which covered the entire plate.  There is no way one person could finish this plate on their own (although they would want to).. . I wish they had one of these restaurants in the Bay Area!
Amazing food, everything was a huge portion, I can defiantly put away food but i could not finish my 1 pound burger. The service was amazing Liz our waitress was funny, fast and made the meal amazing. She was defiantly honest when asked what was good with a sense of sincerity. All had a good time. Defiantly try the French toast and the burgers. All in all i want to go back to Las Vegas just to eat there. . Defiantly well worth the visit.
I came here  on New Year's Eve with eight of my friends and ordered the French Toast made with bananas, it was so delicious! I am a complete french toast snob as it is one of the few dishes my family makes very well and this surpassed any french toast I have ever had before. The bananas in the batter were subtle and made the F.T . moist and the pecan syrup was so amazing. Perfect combination of food for my taste buds. I only wish I had the recipe because it was simply amazing!
Out of control.  This place is equal parts style, quality and quantity.  The menu is bold, creative and absolutely delicious, offering stylized versions of classic dishes as well as new ideas.  The portion sizes are ridiculous -  if you are not starving or on a diet, you might consider sharing.  I got a blueberry, pecan pancake that was probably 14-15 inches in diameter.  I tried my my best to finish the rich an tasty - with it's huge mutant blueberries and candied pecans - flapjack, but alas, it could not be done.  The prices are also very reasonable for food of this quality and quantity. If anyone from HH is reading this, you should build locations in Orange County and Los Angeles.  You'd be one of the most popular joints in town!  Perfect score.
Hash House A Go Go comes in HUGE portions. No joke! If you are really hungry and have a huge appetite, definitely come here and be ready for the challenge! . . The wait wasn't that long for the four of us, but I'm glad there was a large menu posted on the wall so that we can already order once we were seated. It gets crowded so expect the wait. I ordered their famous chicken and waffles, which looked extremely presentable and tasted very scrumptious. I like how creative the dish can be, adding in a bit of crispy bacon to the fluffy waffles and maple syrup to the crispy chicken. I tried to finish the meal as a whole, but I ended up bringing the rest to the hotel for later! Plus, I also ordered their gigantic BLT Bloody Mary, which turned out to be just as delicious. . . Service was excellent at Hash House. The server gave us updates on our food and drinks, which is always a plus on my book.. . Overall, Hash House is a must when you visit Las Vegas.
Husband and I were craving a good breakfast and it was after 11am. I enjoyed the goat cheese/ sundried tomato/ basil scramble w/ their crispy yum potatoes which had lots of diced red onions and bell peppers mixed in.  Loooved it!  My jaw dropped when I saw my husband's plate of monster pancake w/ blueberries and candied walnuts. I actually said, "Holy sh--"  as a genuine response to it. Plenty of good coffee and attentive service as well. The place was hopping and there was a 20 min wait before we got seated.  . Was surprised that this popular spot is located up some escalators inside the Imperial Palace Casino. Don't think we would ever have found it otherwise if it weren't for Yelp. Would definitely come back to try some other items.
This was my favorite dining experience during my trip to Vegas!. . The portions are GYNORMOUS, so come hungry and with friends.  We ordered the meatloaf sandwich and the chicken and waffles and split both entrees to get a taste of both.  The meatloaf was well seasoned and moist with a lovely sauce decorating the edge of the plate and the  inside of my mouth.  The chicken and waffles were presented towering high with a steak knife holding it all together.  They were all complimented by brown bag dressed PBR's... always a class act. . . Great place to try good food in Vegas.  But be prepared to wait 40 min+.  You won't be sorry though!
I went to the Hash House A GoGo located in the Imperial Palace on Dec 29th. My boyfriend and I went there for breakfast. It was pretty crowded, but I expected that for it to be such a famous place. We had to wait for about 30 minutes, which isn't bad. I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Hardwood Smoked Bacon Waffle, which was FABULOUS! The chicken tasted like home fried chicken, the bacon was very flavorful and the waffles were cooked to perfection. My meal was very filling, that was the only meal I ate all day. My boyfriend had the pancake combo, which came with one large pancake, when I say large I mean the size of a car rim, eggs and hickory smoked chicken sausage links. Everything was very good.
This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! If u are hungry, this is the place to be! All meals are well garnished and meals looks presentable. The ribs are awesome and the chicken pot pie is the BOMB!
the portion was big enough fir 2 people
HUGE Portions !!. . The Burgers are Huge & all Stuffed, Can Feed 2PPL 4Sure..  Breakfast was Good esp the Biscuits & Gravy !! . Chicken & Bacon Waffles were yummy too!. . Fun Place 2 Eat & Laugh at How Huge everything is !!
When a place gets a FIVE STAR review from me it is rare, and well deserved. I'm quick to tell you about the bad places because you should be warned I know the value of a dollar, and the good places youll find out about yourself but I loved this place so much, it would make so much money in Los Angeles. Well here it is... HUUUUGEEEE portions, I couldn't finish.. and I ALWAYS finish everything on my plate, always.. I was dying with deliciousness.. Bacon stuffed waffles and fried chicken. They tell you when they take your order; everything is freshly made so the order might take a while to cook. It was the fastest meal I was ever served. And the price to portion size to taste ratio was wonderful were talking 1:3:5.. Will definitely go back and only wished I went here sooner instead of the day we were leaving. Note: get the cucumber ranch dressing to dip the chicken in.. Bomb! Only thing I didn't like was the sage stick hanging out the chicken, in the way andnot my favorite flavor but hey, just ask for no plants and you're good :D. IN MY OPINION:  this would be my final meal... 5 stars!
vegas's best breakfast EVER!!!! ginormous portions!  i had a mango coconut pancake that was even good reheated in the hotel microwave!  the pancake is at least 10" in diameter.  I might have finished a quarter of it at the table. might.  i did finish the rest later tho!  never thought i'd eat a leftover pancake....... .  i always get the goat-cheese salad too cuz i'm a sucker for goat cheese everywhere i go.... its warm yumminess that doesnt even make mii mind the fact that i'm eating vegetables ;)  everything is fresh and scrumptious!. . my dad got a skillet that was also big enough to feed two.  the biscuits come with basically everything, also ridiculously huge in a good way!  they're about 4-5" tall and come out fresh and piping hot with a sprig ofrosemary planted in the middle.  (u just have to see the portion sizes to know how big beautiful and wonderful all the food there is!!!!
Simply love this place. There isn't a single item that I've tried that I haven't loved. Portions are out of control, and the prices aren't bad (less than $20) per entree.  I'm glad its in IP now so I don't have to leave the strip.  Also, as with anything in Vegas, if you don't want to wait, an extra tip goes a long way.. . Top Choices. -Breakfast - Fried Chicken Benedict. If you only come here once, you have to get this.. -Lunch/Dinner - The Meatloaf pasta is amazing, huge flavor in the pesto/basil/tomato and oil they put over the linguini.. The Chicken pot pie is also amazing. It's like an endless, flaky bowl of chicken and vegetables.. . I could eat every meal here, except the buffets get in the way.
My friend has the fried chicken sandwich and it was amazing. It looked like and whole chicken on Texas Toast.  I had the Crab cake and that was amazing as well. The crab cake came with scrambled eggs, hash browns, and a few slices of melon. I will recommend this place to anyone that goes to Las Vegas. The service was great and so was the food. I would recommend coming in with a huge appetite or sharing with someone. The portions are huge.
WOW.... This is why America is the greatest country in the world. Chicken and Waffles.. The Chicken Sage Benedict... both are beautiful large portions of a meal. Go with an appetite. This is by far my new favorite place in Vegas.
Chicken & Waffles...so amazing!  Bacon baked right into the waffle, topped with fired chicken and crispy fried leeks on the top...cover all that with warm maple syrup...I want to go back right now!
FANTASTIC!. . Found this restaurant on restaurant.com and got a $25 coupon for free. Ended up spending $10 for our meal and it was the best $10 I ever spent. In fact, we ended up going twice in our 4 day trip!. . Portions are GIGANTIC and that is not sacrificed by the tastiness of the food. I got the tenderloin with mashed potatoes AND biscuit AND egg and it was as large as a computer monitor. Seriously? Wow. . . Amazingly delicious sounding drinks with alcohol and bacon and chocolate. Didn't get any of it but it sounded intriguing. . . We are going back to Vegas in a couple months and absolutely making another stop here.
Excessive. Just effin excessive.. . Hash House is the comfort food equivalent of watching Wipeout or maybe motorboating a generously proportioned woman.  Its... extreme.  Fried Chicken, on a biscuit, on mashed potatoes with a chipotle cream sauce poured over the whole thing.  Yes. Really. For serious.  . . And unless you can make a Ryan's buffet manager cry, you'll need to share.  The portions are GUT BUSTING.  We're talking 4 waffles with two fried chicken breasts on top here.  The table next to us ordered the hammered pork tenderloin, and I seriously thought it was a fried doormat. Insane.. . Ate here every morning I could in Vegas.  You might regret Hash House an hour later, but you won't forget the experience... and you'll go again given half the chance.
I was so surprised to find such great food inside the casino. Order one meal for two people, as portions are huge! Which was a little disappointing because I could've tried more dishes. We shared the crab cakes, yum. I am also impressed with the chef's presentation. Danielle was absolutely delightful! Really, she loves her job, and we can tell.
So our first stop was Hash House A Go Go, as seen on both Food Network (Chefs Vs. City) and Travel Channel (Man vs. Food and Food Paradise). We got the Sage fried Chicken and waffles. Just so we're clear, I totally forgot about this, but bacon is cooked into the waffle. I repeat the bacon is in the waffle. Four waffles piled on each other, with two pieces of fried chicken at the top skewered by a stick of sage, covered with fried leeks and drizzled with maple syrup (Don't worry syrup lovers, they also give you a little dish of more syrup). Fried Chicken and Waffles are my jam, I don't like eggs so I don't have a lot of breakfast foods I do like, but this combines the best of not just both worlds, but all worlds. The chicken was moist and juice, had a fantastic crisp noise when you broke into it. And the waffles, crisp enough with slabs of bacon just hanging out. All combined with maple syrup and you have a winning combination. We heeded many warnings and split it between two of us. Because of that we also allowed ourselves a side of crispy potatoes, which were good, just paled in comparison to whatever else we had going on on our tastebuds. It was all very intense, we got there around 9, just missing massive crowds, and we didn't eat again until dinner.
Great service. Amazing food. Huge servings (good to feed a starving couple that will fill them the whole day). Always worth the wait. . . . They definitely need to open one in LA!
Loved this place...it was a bit complicated to get to...it's in the middle of Imperial Palace. I ordered the sage fried chicken and waffles. I was a bit surprised to find bacon inside of the waffles...you may want to request plain waffles. My husband ordered Snicker flapjacks...we both wasted a lot of food and that usually doesn't happen. Their portions are gigantic!
Was here 3/7/12. . It was awesome!  My wife had the Chicken and Waffles.  Chicken and Waffles def took the blue ribbon!  Waay better than Roscoes.  The waitress was AMAZING!!  I wish I remembered her name, young white girl with dark slick hair, calls you "Hun".  She treated us like Royalty.  She is a perfect example of how a waiter should treat their customers.  If I had the money I would have tipped her $100.  They accepted our discount "Bite Card" and took off 25% from our bill.  The Kiwi Pomegranete lemonade the waiter recommended was pretty awesome!  I would def come back again.
My husband new about this place and heard it was great and he was right.  We split and a breakfast hash and chorizo plate and a waffle and we both full.
Can you say HELLLLOOO HANG OVER FOOD! . . Hash House is inside Imperial Palace where I was staying for 3 days.  We had the pleasure of going twice.  The first day we had quite a long wait approximately an hour but once I received my food, I understood why.  The special that day was chicken and waffles and they were down to ONE waffle iron for the whole restaurant.  YIKES!. . The setup of this place is pretty typical - nothing fancy but definitely clean and orderly.  The  portions are huge and the prices are surprisingly not a hard hit to your wallet.. . First things first, Bloody Mary BLT.  It comes with toast, bacon, lettuce, tomato and deliciousness of a perfectly concocted Blood Mary drink.  It was a beautiful display and the BLT was a great appetizer to my hungry/angry aka "hangry" tummy.  . . Like I said, this day the food was very slow and they brought out our dishes one at a time.  We had four at our table and the first person was finished eating by the time the fourth received their food.  I ordered the corned beef and eggs.  It was actually corned beef and not hash - SCORE!  Deliciously flavored and hot at arrival.  My boyfriend and our friend ordered the chicken and waffles.  I tried a bite reluctantly and lets just say I do not like the combo, however, the professional chicken and waffle consumers at my table had rave reviews.  Our friend finished his plate so they brought him a signed menu congratulating him.  It is a big feat to clean your plate so they have a fun way of recognizing the big eater! . . Our 2nd time going to HHAGG, there was no wait.  The service was a delightful woman who was fast and extremely polite.  I ordered the chorizo/eggs which was equally delicious as my first trip.  . . Even if I do not stay at Imperial, Hash House will be a staple in my Vegas breakfasts for each trip!  Well done my friends, well done!
Coming into Vegas, I researched a ton to make sure I get to the best places. Realized that the portion sizes were huge! So me and my mom split the benedict with rosemary chicken, It was awesome! Great cocoa too!
Read the reviews on here, sound like a good try for a late breakfast/early lunch.  Little did the know the portions were big enough to cover dinner too.. Downsides - Its in the Imperial, which is a little old, a little...well, some unpleasant order wafted through the air as I made my way to the Hash House.  The wait was long, but thats tto be expected at a good, affordable ( for the strip ) food.. Upside - Very friendly, if harried, service.  Very good presentation of enormous amounts of food.  And best of all, its yummy.  I had the Sage fried chicken bendedict.  Chipotle hollandaise  sauce.  Enormous homemade biscuit.  Tender, flavorful chicken, scrambled eggs, great bacon...really quality food.  Lots of it.  My advice - bring a friend or a wheelbarrow.  . If you have the time, highly recommended.  If you don't have the time, make the time.
Fair Warning - this place is a diamond in the rough, truly...  It's inside one of the real dumps on the Strip . . . Imperial Palace.  The place reeks of yuck.  But on the second floor (just around the escalator) is this amazing place.  Think "IHOP on steroids."  For example, the pancake must be two pounds of batter and real fruit.  The hash really is corned beef and real potatoes and veggies (not that canned crap).  The service is quick (though expect to wait a bit); and the waitstaff is friendly.  . . Don't expect Spago.. . Do expect great food and portions that will bust your waistline.
This place is GREAT but beware the portions are HUGE!  The prices are great, hubby and I should have shared our biscuits and gravy but he didn't listen to me!  Two large fluffy biscuits topped with yummy gravy exploding with sausage!  He got his with mashed potatoes, I got mine with crispy potatoes, and they were excellent.  I think it was only about $12 to $14 for the biscuits and gravy, which would have been great if we would have shared!  :)  The bloody Mary was just ok, it was pretty bland, I had to keep dumping Tabasco in it.  The food is delicious, everyone enjoyed their meals... Supposedly everything is farm fresh and made from scratch.  Highly recommended, this place will be a definite stop next time we are in Vegas!
The wait was long. So grab a pager, pull $20, and play 25 cent video poker downstairs while waiting.  The portions were huge...seriously you could feed three people with every entree.  But where's the fun in that?  I ordered the Fried Chicken Benedict and my friend ordered the Chicken and Waffles.  We were both in awe of the genius of having strips of bacon in the waffle batter.  The food was great and definitely worth the wait.  I'll definitely be back on my return visit in Vegas in July.
I dont usually give 5 stars but this place was AMAZING!!! I went my birthday weekend with my boyfriend and initially they sai our wait would be an hour but after about 5 minutes a woman came out and said we could sit at the bar and still order food so we did and it was soooo good! . I got the Farm Scramble with Bacon, Onion and Swiss sans the avacado (I'm not a avacado for breakfast kinda girl) and my boyfriend got the brown sugar banana flapjack sans the banana ( he's allergic) with a side of bacon and crispy potatoes. The only small issue was that the crispy potatoes were a little dark but compared to the overall experience it was minor. The flapjack was AMAZING in fact so good I hate half of it! I highly recommend this place and would definitely come again,.  Customer service was also excellent and our bar tender (Kai I believe) was super funny and helpful. They deserve these 5 stars.
Jesus Christ they give you a lot of food here so much in fact one meal here pretty much does me for the whole day. I guarantee you won't finish it all. Excellent location right on the strip inside Imperial Palace. The chicken and waffles is everything everyone says it is and is my personal favourite. I tried the Bloody Mary and granted it was relatively early around 11 am but there was so much booze in it I was drunk by the time I sipped the last drop no word of a lie. Not sure if the server just wanted a big tip but he wasn't shy with the vodka that is for sure. I looked around and seen towers of food on each table and couldn't quite believe the ride I was on; then again it could have been all that booze. Gotta check it out people!
i've been to hash house a go go in san diego and loved it...  told my boyfriend about it when we were in vegas so we stopped there for brunch. it was just as good as i remembered! hash house a go go is a must if you're in vegas or in san diego!! the fried chicken is so crispy, tender and juicy! the corn beef hash, which is what my boyfriend had, is not your typical salty hash...it's full of flavor and seasoned to perfection! don't forget to try the homemade jam too! you can't go wrong with this place!
First of all, GREAT service. . . Jason was awesome. The gal that ran our food out to us was even unbelievably nice. . . Be prepared for food coma, not just from quantity but from the taste. This place will rock your taste buds!. . Went on a Sunday morning at 10, still got seated in 10 minutes.. . Well worth any wait.. . Do not miss out on this place!!
If you want real food and real service this is the go to spot, little longer wait than San Diego but worth it. You have to split plates especially in vegas or you draggin around a doggie bag. Kids do the pancakes I cant say no to the chicken and waffles and a BLT bloody mary. For the food quailty and portions the prices are great.. Be careful ordering the portions are huge.
My cousins have been here, and we almost went one time while in Vegas.  The wait was too long, so we never went.  . . On a trip to Vegas during the week, my boyfriend and I decided to go and try it out.  We walked in, no wait, PERFECT.  Our server was Josh.  He was super friendly and great.  We had the 100oz of Fat Tuesday's, and he talked to us for a while about it and helped me with transferring some into a different container.  . . We went for lunch and ordered the Sage Fried Chicken with the bacon waffle, hot maple caramel reduction and fried leeks and Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs.  They came out with the quickness, but then again they weren't all too busy.. . Both were amazing!!!! Try them.  The only thing I didn't like as much was the chipotle cream.  It was too thick.  Prices were also reasonable for the portions.  I'll definitely come back. :) Thank you Josh
We went here and were almost scared away by the line but it moves really, really quickly.. . I got the chicken and waffles and they were pretty good but it's a boneless chicken breast which is never the best choice to fry because it comes out dry, which this one was. The sage was detectable and the bacon waffles were very good.. . My buddy ordered the banana brown sugar pancake and it was GREAT! I would have probably liked my meal better if I hadn't tried his. Although they're known for their chicken and waffle meal the banana pancake is huge (think pizza sized) and decadently delicious.. . A great value and a very filling and tasty meal.
I'm going to save you some heartache here and tell you to visit with someone who likes to eat the same stuff as you, because you are asking for it if you order an entire entree to yourself. The portions here are made for the fat American tourist. . . Go for the chicken and waffles, or the chicken bendict. The bloody mary and mimosa are perfect for getting soaked up in all that food. Man, I really wish this place would wind up in Atlanta so I could stop saving the pennies from the couch cushions to get airfare back to Vegas for some Hash House.
OMG. OMG. OMG!. . First of all, I freaking love love love love love breakfast/brunch food. It is the best. . . So uh obviously, I was head over heels about this place. Simply. Amazing. A tad overwhelmed by the ridiculous portion, but every bite and every urge wanting to pass out was soooo worth it. I don't know why I never came here on all my previous trips to Vegas! Geez. . . Thank you, Kye, for taking care of my mom and I! Your Brown Sugar Banana flapjack suggestion was an absolute homerun - very glad that you recommended it! You know how much I loved it? I had it two days in a row! Their apple juice is also very good.. . (Gets very crowded and busy very quickly. I recommend coming in no later than 9am to get seated as soon as possible.)
Very good, very fun place.  Ordered the chicken and waffles (of course) and was very impressed with the food and the presentation.  Waffles with bacon were excellent, and the bloody mary was a treat as well.  . . As a bonus, our server was very helpful - a couple of friends had to catch a flight, so the server rushed our orders as much as he could.  . . Highly recommended for breakfast.
Thanks to my Yelp friends on Talk who recommended this to us.  I was seeing my cousin and his wife for the first time in over 15 years.  Wanted something fun, kid friendly since I had my 6 year old daughter and Talk brought me here.  . . Our waiter Steve (aka Stevie which my daughter called him ) was so much fun. He was training a new waitress and she was very nice.  We loved the atmosphere and were very comfortable in the booth.. . The children's menu had lots of choices and what does my daughter choose - Corn Flakes which arrived in a big white bowl with a huge strawberry almost the size of a plum - you should have seen my daughter's eyes open up.. . I split the 1 pounder stuffed hamburger with bacon and avocado.  We were not charged a fee for us to share.  My husband ate the same thing but all to himself.. . My cousin ordered the bacon stuffed waffles with chicken - it was huge and we just couldn't stop laughing about it.  Everything was delicious.  . . Also, if you are bloody mary fans there were many variations to chose from.  My cousin really enjoyed his.. . The only complaint was that they didn't have restrooms in the restaurant which you have to take the escalator down to the casino to use the bathroom.  . . I would come again and I would bring guests too - Just loved it!
This restaurant is the only redeeming quality of the Inferior Palace. Come hungry for breakfast and get a flapjack with fresh apple slices. Service is friendly, especially if you sit at the counter. Portion sizes are ridiculous - the chicken and waffles I had on one visit could have fed a family of 4. But it's all delicious.
Holy mother....biggest portions I've ever seen!  DELICIOUS, DECADENT, FATTENING but ohsoworthit FOOD!. . Just go.  I can't even put into words how f'n amazing their food is.  . . Ps. If you decide to share a plate...they do charge a fee for it.
My boyfriend and I were hungover and stumbling around Las Vegas Blvd looking for some breakfast.  We stopped in the Imperial Palace as it was right next to our hotel aka the closest place we could get to.  We saw the sign for the Hash House and figured it was some divey diner but just what we needed.  To our surprise the line of people waiting to get seated was huge.  We were shocked and instantly realized that his place was a must while we were in Vegas.  Unfortunately, we couldn't wait in time, our bellies were screaming for grease.  We ate somewhere else that day but on our last day in Vegas we came back to wait the line and get our grub on.  The line was about 25 minutes which wasn't too bad.  . . Boy is this place worth the wait... as soon as we walked in we were having food envy of everyone's plates.  The portions here are huge.  The prices aren't that bad either, typical for Las Vegas.  I ordered the corned beef skillet which came with potatoes, fruit, biscuit, corned beef and 2 fried eggs.  The biscuit with the home made strawberry jam was amazing.  I wish my eggs were more runny because the potatoes were dry but owell, I loved it.  My boyfriend had the meatloaf skillet and equally was as pleased with his meal.  We tried to get the restaurant.com off our phone but couldn't get the application up - another thing we realized while in Vegas... realllly bad cell phone reception.  I love this place and will definitely be back!
It does not get better than Hash House!  The bloody marys were excellent, as were the fried chicken benedict, chicken and waffles, tenderloin benedict and corned beef hash. Portions are gigantic, and you can easily share.  Every element was fantastic--the sauce, the eggs, the biscuits, the potatoes.....simply excellent.  I went 3 days in a row, if that gives you any idea.
This place is the one good thing that the Imperial Palace still has going for it.. . My husband ordered his usual of two eggs, home fries, and he added french toast to his order as well. I got the vanilla waffles and a side of bacon.The only negative I have is that they used thin-cut bacon and could totally afford to use thick considering the prices they charge. The waffle was gigantic, I only managed 1 1/2 squares before I had to give up. I felt a little bad because the waitress even noticed that the one tiny cup of syrup was not enough and brought out a bunch more, which I poured all over my waffles and then ended up not finishing. Oh well! I want to go back and try the Sage Friend Chicken and Waffles, but I need to have people with me who eat meat and can share as the portion size is HUGE. . . If you don't like loud music and conversation, DON'T GO HERE. That's just how it is, and complaining about it isn't going to change a thing. If you go to a restaurant and expect the ambiance, temperature, and other patrons to revolve around you, then I suggest you just open your own damn restaurant. There might be a wait, especially on weekends, but they give you a pager that has quite a range so you can go into the casino and play slots or do whatever while you wait for your table. It only took about 15-20 minutes for us to get seated. DEFINITELY worth the wait.
the food was enormous, and excellent.  my husband and i waited for about 30 mins and it was on a sunday, the wait was ok.  I ordered the chicken and waffles, and they were by far so delicious, that I could barely finish it.  my husband ordered the chicken with the eggs benedict, and he said it was delicious as well.
This place was conveniently located in the hotel I was staying in. I almost didn't go because of all the other food I was consuming but decided to stop in before I left for the airport & I am so glad I did!! The food was DELICIOUS!! I've heard great things about this place & wanted to check it out for myself. Some of the mixes on the menu seemed a little off and didn't make sense but once I got my food it all came together and I left there a happy girl! If you're in Vegas definitely check this place out!
The fried chicken and waffles at this place has to be the best I have ever eaten. It's huge enough to feed two or by yourself if you are extremely hungry. One plate comes with two pieces of chicken and four waffles. It appears to be an image of a pineapple with the green garment acting as the leaf. You actually have to hold the garment and the plate at the same time so the chicken won't topple over. The chicken was crispy, not greasy, flavorful and all white meat. The waffles had bacon in them! It was fluffy, juicy and delicious.. . The wait was about 45 minutes to get a table but well worth it. The service was good where our waiter was attentive to all our needs.
The staff were great and so was the food.  You really get great value for your money
Okay, this is what I am talking about, breakfast done right! Well, I had breakfast but they have other great selections that I'm sure are wonderful! The important thing about this for future hungry guest is to either A) Be on an extremely empty stomach or B) Share a plate with someone else, the portions are huge! I shared my plate with my boyfriend and my sister and husband shared there's. I was really surprised that the price of the plate was very reasonable for the amount of food we got. It was my cheapest meal on the Vegas Strip and the best. The service was great! Our waiter was amazing and very helpful. When I return to Vegas, this place will always be a must go to!
My brand-new (we got married the night before at the Vegas sign) husband and I both ordered our own plate of the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles.  It was absolutely one of the best things I've ever had to eat. . . I have got to figure out how they made the maple syrup reduction so I can have it again someday. . . We still have dreams about their chicken and waffles to this day.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas so I can eat there for like.. every meal.
Hungry and Hungover in Vegas????  Hit the Hash House for rehab. . . Seriously, I never thought I would ever step foot inside the Imperial Palace but Hash House (and Fat Tuesdays) is probably the only thing it has going for it.  . . Ok ok...so about the food.  So we stumbled on over to the Hash House to cure our hangover and see what all the hype is about.. . Holy crap, there are no words to describe the portion size here.  I don't know what takes the cake here, that you can actually order a bud in a brown bag or the portion size of the meal.  . . I had chicken pot pie and while some of the clientele in the casino below rendered me speechless, this for sure shut me up.  All I can say is it was big and it tasted soooo good.   Large chunks of chicken, flaky warm crust, fresh veggies...oh my.  . . I honestly can't remembered what everyone else ordered.  My eyes never left my plate.  And the table was pretty damn quiet once all the food showed up.  . . But what I do remember and know is that our waitress was the bomb, the food was well worth the price of admission and I can't wait to get back to the Hash House.
On our first morning in Vegas during our most recent trip, I just typed in Best Breakfast in Yelp and this restaurant came up! I was lured by the fact that Adam from Man Vs Food had come here and wanted to try it out! . . The location: Imperial Palace.. My first thought: REALLY?! Uff. But off we went!. . Imperial Palace was going through major renovations.. The entire front section was closed off.. We had to park next door at Bill's? I think that's what it was called.. After nearly falling to my death by slipping on wet floors, we located the restaurant which was on the second floor. Once you go up there, it's like you're not even in Imperial Palace anymore! The restaurant decor was really cool and hip (awesome that I just used that word, I know). The wait was about 20 minutes.. I'm not sure if they took reservations but we just walked in. . . I tried the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. OH MY GOODNESS. I was IN LOVE with this dish. When it came out, I swear I thought that I could probably only finish half (the portion was HUGE. It was the size of a small dog). But to my surprise.. I finished 80% of it. Shocking, I know. But you guys, this was so amazing. It was biscuit.. mashed potatoes.. scrambled eggs.. cheese.. fresh spinach.. fried chicken.. chipotle sauce.. OMG the goodness was overwhelming! I could NOT stop EATING and probably gained 3lbs but it was AMAZING! And I can't wait to go back!. . ALSO! PS - get the Kiwi Watermelon drink. Super yummy!
I just went to Vegas for memorial this past weekend and one word it was AWESOME, my boyfriend and i had found it out by watching "Mans VS Food" located in the imperial palace hotel on the top floor only downer was they were doing construction but really no biggie,  the wait was only 10 minutes we were hosted by friendly people and served fast.... . I got the bacon avocado double stacked burger which was one the best I've ever had with a side of cucumber ranch (sounds weird but sauce was so tasty!) . . and. . He got the popular dish which was featured on the food network of the breaded pork sandwich all i can say it was the biggest sandwich i seen it life it was so freshly made and took him all day to finish it as he took half of it to go back to our hotel to eat for drunk munchies! lol. . Over all we were extremely satisfied and cant wait to return our next trip!
Highly recommended! This was my first time at Hash House. Went for brunch and thoroughly enjoyed my visit.. . There were many folks waiting out front and we were told to wait 45 min, but we were called within 10 min. Go fig.. . They would not seat us until our entire party was there. The hostesses were very lovely and helpful. Our server was very polite and quick to provide service.. The menu was very diverse. I decided upon the sweetened mango iced tea and the chicken and waffles, yum. The iced tea was not OVER THE TOP sweet as other places tend to make it. It was just right.. . The chicken's fry batter had rosemary and other delicious seasonings, not common among fried chicken. It was good. The chicken pieces themselves were two large plump thighs, perfectly cooked and juicy. These two thighs were served upon four bacon waffles. It looked like they slipped several slices of bacon in the waffle iron while the batter was being poured, mmm. Finally, a large steak knife and and a large sprig of rosemary were stabbed down into the two thighs and layer of waffles to hold the tasty tower in place. The entire dish was drizzled with flash fried green onions (yum!), small diced veggies, and a ginger Teriyaki sauce. Weird call on the Teriyaki sauce, but it was good to dip the chicken in every now and then.. . The best part of the meal was the price. About $35 for 3 people and HUGE portions. Definitely worth the price and worth another visit.
I had eatin there 3 times during my memorial day break and it only got better each time no complaints at all. only wish they still had one near me in kansas
I come here every time I'm in Vegas! This is my number 1 choice for breakfast on the strip...awesome menu, HUGE portions, good prices considering how much food you are getting! Quick service, and they bring out your food when it is ready, even if you are the only one at the table whose food is ready. Some folks may not like this, but I think this is an awesome touch. Just like if it was a homemade meal you get your food as soon as its ready!  No sense in waiting and letting it sit and cool off waiting for the rest of the tables food to get done.
Hash House A Go Go is a definite MUST if you're staying in Vegas!  I was more than in love with everything on the menu, which made it REALLY hard to choose!  Luckily I came with 2 others so I could try bites of theirs as well, haha.. . The menu has a really good selection.  I chose the Fried Salmon, my husband had the Fried Chicken Benedict, and our friend had the Kokomo (an extremely tempting meatloaf sandwich).  The food didn't really take that long, and they were a little busy considering how late it was.  I'm glad I chose the IP for my friend's stay.  When I saw the Hash House A Go Go sign, my Man v. Food lust pounced on it.  (P.S. - Adam Richman had the Fried Chicken Benedict, which that and my encouragement led my husband to try it.)  . . All of the food came garnished beautifully and tasted even better than it looked.  I still have leftovers in my fridge two days later!  . . If I don't go back to try one of their stuffed burgers before we leave Vegas, I might cry!
I used to live in Vegas and my friends told me that I had to come here for breakfast but weekends are out because it's so busy. Well, being a teacher, I only worked during the week so never got out there. I no longer live in Vegas but went back for a visit and happened to get there during the week so the first place I thought of was...BREAKFAST at HASH HOUSE A GO GO! I was not disappointed at all. Some people do not like it because you have to take the food as is (no special orders). I figured, they throw food together for a reason so why mess with it. The food was great, very large portions, and the staff was awesome. They really are pretty busy and do get large parties so I found my server taking a long time taking one order. No problem since the manager was around and could refill my drink. Worth trying at least once.
OMG the serving size!!! When my boyfriend and I first walked into this place we thought we were in for an ok meal considering this place is inside the Imperial Palace, but boy were we wrong. As the waiter seats us we walk past a guy who is eating a pancake the size of a party platter plate. We thought this was a special thing until our meal came. My boyfriend ordered "Andy's Crispy Indiana Style Hand Hammered Pork Tenderloin" he loved the meat and the bbq cream sauce but I fell in love with the griddled smoked mozzarella they put on top of the mashed potatoes. We both Loved the fresh corn which we both agree is the best we've ever had. I had the "Black Skillet Chicken" which was great and had just the right flavors. But keep in mind each dish can feed 2 to 3 people so with have a fridge ready for leftovers or plan on splitting to dishes. But altogether the food was amazing and when my boyfriend and I go back to Vegas next year we defiantly plan on eating there again.
I refuse to vist Las Vegas with out having to stop by. I use to visit NV every 6 months but as i grew older my body can no longer keep up with the played out hype. One of my must haves/do's when i visit is HASH HOUSE A GO GO! Word of advice cancel any dinner plans you have that evening for you will be leaving with left overs. My girls and i have a ritual where we eat there for breakfast and take our heaping loads of left overs back to the hotel and eat the remainder for dinner while we soak our screaming feet from all the walking on the strip in our jacuzzi in our room. . My sister had the CHICKEN POT PIE, and my jaw dropped when i saw it. That thing was bigger than my head and trust me thats pretty big! I couldn't help myself i took a bite and the crust of the pie was delicious.  You can tell they don't short you on butter because the crust was so crispy and buttery.. I need to move on or i may never stop talking about it.. I decided to try the CHICKEN AND WAFFLES since their menus put soo much emphasis on it. I would be lying if i said i totally loved it. It came with reduction syrup that i wasn't too much of a fan of for i felt it compromised the flavor a bit. Don't get me wrong the dish was good i guess i just played it up too big in my head. . My girls each had a meal from their HASH selection and they loved what they got i just can't remember which ones they chose. . Be prepared for it can take an hour to be seated especially if you go there during breakfast peak hours. But i can assure you  the wait is worth it!
It was a Sunday morning at 11:30 am and my friends and I had miraculously left our room by check-out time and dragged ourselves down to the 2nd floor of the Imperial Palace where the Hash House lives.  There was a gigantic crowd waiting outside, but we ended up being called to our table within 10 minutes.. . We tried to glance at some other tables on our way in to get an idea of the food...and holy crap the portions are huge.  I recommend splitting if you can...you'll definitely still be full even with half of a meal.  . . Our table of 3 ordered:  the tractor driver combo with the griddled french toast, the corned beef hash, and the original eggs benedict.  I sampled all of them and everything was amazing.  I supplemented my french toast breakfast with a much needed Bloody Maria.  This was my first time having the Bloody Maria, which uses tequila instead of vodka, and it was outstanding.  Settled my stomach and removed my hangover successfully!!. . I was not even close to finishing my french toast.  There were two inch and a half thick slices that were about 5 inches square.  It was flavorful and served with a grilled banana.  . . Our service was quick, friendly and attentive - no glasses were left empty and the coffee refills were plentiful.  . . Only downside, aside from being in the Imperial Palace, is that the restaurant has no bathrooms of its own...and so you have to go wander through the casino and use the ones there.
HUUUGE portions. I finally got a chance to try out Hash House and was very impressed. Located on the second floor of Imperial Palace which is a random spot to be, HH is place you should defintely check out if you want some good food and want to avoid buffets. I always hear there are long waits to get into this place so when I got there and got seated right away I was very surprised. After watching Man V Food I really wanted to try the chicken eggs benedict. It was so much food I barely even finished half of it. The whole meal was full of flavor. The bed of mash was tasty, chicken was moist, the cheese topping was delicious, and the best part of it all was the chipotle sauce that is covered on everything. Had a kick to it which I enjoyed very much. Service here is really good, our waiter gave good recommendations and came by to check up on us throughout the meal. Def stop by this spot when you are in Vegas, you won't be dissappointed.
Saw it on Man v. Food and hunted it down when in Vegas for breakfast. There was a line, and for good reason. There is not a better breakfast in the country. Maybe the world. Or the universe. The Imperial Palace is a hole, but good lord, what a feast. Great drinks, original and cool menu. Prices were good, service was great, the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict were superlative. Fantastic. Heavenly. Enormous. My wife ordered blueberry oat pancakes and they were enormous and delicious. What a fantastic place.
Just ate there. One of the best meals I've had in ages. Meatloaf sandwich (the Kokomo) and banana pancakes were beyond awesome (I know, meatloaf and pancakes sounds like the meal of an insane person, but trust me it was great).
Seriously the best place to eat on the strip! Both the food and the service make this a must go to place. We could eat here every day and never be disappointed.
this place deserves five stars! the ones who gave any less most likely did not order the SAGE FRIED CHICKEN BENEDICT! lol . . but beware, servings are huge so plan to share!
This place is unbelievable with its giant sized portions! Food is excellent. Fried chic and waffles! Stuffed Mushroom burger!! I've never had anything bad here just great comfort food and HUGE portions to keep an army full!!!
Truthfully, this is the only good thing about the Imperial Palace hotel which, itself, is a true shit hole.  Hold your nose and close your eyes as you walk thru IP and take the escalator up to get the HHAGG.  If you can handle THAT, you're home free cuz this is a great spot for breakfast. First off, be aware how ridiculously enormous the portions are.  Split a meal with at least one person, hell, maybe even two!  One pancake is bigger than a huge dinner plate and honestly deserving to be called a "flap jack". The chicken and waffles is a tower enough to feed three people on a regular day - I mean two huge chicken breasts and 3-4 thick-ass waffles. Large sized juices are seriously LARGE sized - close to a quart? Fun atmosphere and reasonable prices considering how much you are served.  We'll definitely be back!
This place is sooooo the bomb!  Upon my visit to Vegas yet again I had to have breakfast at Hash House.  My boyfriend had never been to Vegas, so for his first visit to the city, I had to take him to some of my favorite places in the city and Hash House was at the top of the list!  The Imperial palace hotel is under construction, but the restaurant is still open upstairs!. . I usually sit at the bar and this time was no exception and I was so happy to see Kai was still working there and waited on us.  She is great and very quick!. . The food was delicious and as usually we couldn't finish it all because they give you so much.  The drinks are just to die for and very much worth the money!. . I will definitely be back, Hash House you have done it again, thanks for the great service and amazing food!!!!!!!!
This place was amazing!! We ordered the Bacon Waffles and coffee. Told them we were going to share & I guess because everyone wants to do this due to their huge portions, there is a charge. Now we have been told of the plate charge @ other restaurants which usually means the kitchen portions it out on another plate for you and we just decline that & they forego the charge but not here. But the waiter did suggest how we might as well order a side dish so we are actually getting something for our $2.50 plate charge. We ordered more bacon of course!! I think that was $3.50 but still, it was all well worth it. I ordered tThey were AMAZING!!!! We ate two & took the other two back to our room where we had it the next a.m. as we were getting ready to head out. (we had a microwave). The coffee was great as was the service! The only complaint i have is the hostess. When she gave us the little pager thing, I told her I had to use the restroom. She told me where it was (downstairs) and I asked if the pager would work that far...she said "yes" so downstairs we went. Don't worry, the bf held the pager for me so I didn't take it n the bathroom (though I'm sure there are people who do). We got a message on it saying the pager wasn't receiving messages. We had to go back upstairs to get it reset. We still had about 30 mins of a wait so we went downstairs again, but not as far as the bathrooms, to play a few slots & got the same message. So for future reference, the pagers don't work downstairs!
I went here twice on my Vegas vacation because it was in the hotel we were staying at (Imperial Palace). I went here for breakfast and got the largest buttermilk pancakes I have ever seen in my life for only $6.95. This amazed me due to everything being so expensive in Vegas, I assumed they would be small. Believe me, they are HUGE. I took 3/4 of the pancake to go because I was full. Then for dinner I ordered a Griddled Cheese sandwich with prosciutto. It was really good and again affordable. The breakfast server was amazing. Very friendly, helpful, and stayed on top of us despite the large amount of people. The dinner server on the other hand forgot about us several times despite there only being maybe 6 more groups in there at the time. The food was great and cheap and the restaurant has a cool vibe. Highly recommend.
HOLY GIANT PANCAKE!!!. So delicious though!!. . This is by far the best thing about the IP
Banana Brown Sugar Pancake, HUGE and OMG SO GOOD!!! French Toast, HUGE and OMG SO GOOD!! 1LB Applewood Smoked Bacon & Mashed Potato Stuffed Burger-HUGE AND SO SO GOOD!! No trip to Vegas is ever complete without getting our fix here. The best, Love it!
Portion control is thrown out the window at Hash House, in fact I'm warning you now come hungry. . . This was probably one of our top eats in Vegas, not to mention one of the few times we woke up early enough to have breakfast, oh Vegas how you screw up schedules so. . . Small wait when we got there, but nothing horrible. The service was right on when we sat down to quickly take our drink order, Tangerine Mimosa, so delicious, and coffee (this was a must just causeI rose to the morning doesn't mean I'm not dragging). I wish I would have gotten our servers name her hair was super fun, perfect mohawk, and had great suggestions for our game of 20 questions at the Hash House! . . Ordered the Hash with fresh mushrooms, artichoke hearts, sundried tomatoes, and fresh spinach $12.95. It came with a biscuit and wedge of watermelon, all served in a giant skillet. Food was excellent, and I fully stuffed to the brim. . . Side note: Make sure you try the in house apricot jam, my table cleaned it out, sure hope they refilled it for the next customers. . . The Hash House is probably the only reason to go to the Imperial Palace beyond that steer clear of the area, tons of construction going on currently, and its a bit of a pain to navigate the "entrance" and park.
So, this is one in the series of reviews I'm throwing up there during my #transient-week adventure thru Southern Nevada and Arizona. There were several casualties.. . The only casualty that came out of this place was my appetite. We came here after a pretty rough night of gambling and drinking and wanted a bomb place to grub on some food - so we came here on a recommendation of a friend that assured me this place was the shit. Let me tell you, if all his recommendations were this spot on, I maybe forced to push thru legalizing gay marriages. The portions were huge, so big in fact that I literally took half of it in a to-go box and munch on it while traveling to Phoenix. Not only are the portions are huge, but they're f***ing fantastic. My breakfast was absolutely to die for. Just as if all that wasn't enough, the culinary geniuses behind the counter made the presentations gorgeous - I mean, i almost didn't want to eat my breakfast, it was that perdy! I guess my only real beef with this place is after managing to pick ourselves off the floor and actually manage to get into the joint for breakfast, was that the place was packed. I mean, ridiculously stupid long wait packed. We ended up lounging around by the bar and tiger pounced on seats as they came open.. . Sorry to the couple that we elbowed to the face to get those seats. This boy came hungry! Hope your chin heals.
I love this place. The portions, the service, and the atmosphere is just great. . The portion: beyond generous. The average plate can typically feed two people. The appetizer can feed one person. If you are daring like me try to eat the main dish by yourself. This place serves breakfasts all day so that's a plus. I ordered the fried chicken benedict...bomb. The chicken is crispy. The eggs is fluffy. Mash potato is delicious. Bacon...chipotle sauce and cheese. Mmm mmm good. The service was excellent. Made my visit even better. Our waiter was very friendly and quick.
This place was awesome! The food was HUGE and filling. My husband had a burger and it could of fed us both. He also had the BLT Bloody Mary and it was spicy but the bacon was crisp. I had the basic breakfast and was very happy with it all! We wanted to return but really just had to much to do. Highly recommend!
I've said it before...I HATE BREAKFAST.  There's something about Hash House a Go Go that changes my mind, though.  Maybe it's the delicious Bloody Marys that can be had at 8 in the morning (yes, I DID get talked into buying the souvenir glass.  What?  It's all tilty and cute.).  Maybe it's the fact that this place is a stellar restaurant in an otherwise shitty hotel/casino...makes you feel like you've actually won in Vegas when you stumble upon it.  It might also be the fact that the food is inventive, sustainable, AND delicious (as well as HUGE).  AND there is good music pumping too (thankyoufornotplayingtechnoorpophere.). Whatever it is, it comes down to this: the food and drinks were great, the service was amazing, and I was thrilled to actually be enjoying breakfast (something I RARELY make it to in Vegas).  The only thing I can complain about is the bench seats along the edge of the restaurant...I was forced to sit NEXT TO my husband instead of across from him.  THE HORROR!
OMG! I finally understand the definition of a foodgasm. I had been here before for breakfast but this time came for dinner, because we had a restaurant.com certificate that was good for dinner only. That was a lucky break, because dinner was fabulous!. . My partner and I ordered the all blue crabcakes and the chicken and waffles. The crabcakes were huge and crammed full of real crabmeat. It was very rich but oh so good. A couple sauces on the side, one sweet and one with a little bit of spice were perfect compliments. And the side of potatoes were made of white potatoes and butternut squash. Yummy!. . Save room for the chicken and waffles. This was the first time that I had ever tried this dish anywhere and as the waiter said, the bar has been set REALLY high now. The chicken was super crispy on the outside and moist and delicious on the inside. Great herbs and spices in the batter, perfectly complemented the chicken. The waffles were delicious and they had huge strips of bacon inside. We're not talking little bits o' bacon, we're talking huge, full-on strips o' bacon!. . Beware! The portions are huge. We had enough to stuff ourselves at the table and to have two more meals. Luckily we're staying in a condo with a kitchenette. Definitely worth going here for any meal at any time of day. And check out restaurant.com for a really great coupon deal!
Farm to table. And then another table. And another. So much food. . . Went in a group of 7 out-of-towners. Despite the pleadings of one of our members that sharing might be a good idea, we each ordered individual dishes. We should have listened.... . The sage fried chicken and waffles was the most popular dish at the table. 3 of us ordered it, myself included,  and everyone got a taste. The chicken was nicely fried, with perfectly crisp skin. I could have stood for it to be a little moister but that's nitpicking. You get two good size white meat pieces to go with your 4 bacon-Belgium waffles. Yes, the bacon is baked INTO the waffles. Brilliant.. . I got to taste one of their giant flapjacks, as well (Snickers flavored). Fluffy and flavorful. That's the way to do it.. . The server and other waitstaff helping out was very friendly and handled our large group well, including a late drink order change.. . Drinks, yes, we had some, a variety of mimosas, a strawberry margarita, a BLT bloody mary. I wasn't overly impressed with my mimosa (I went with a lemonade one) but I ended up switching with someone who had a pineapple mimosa and we were both happier. The BLT bloody mary literally comes with a mini BLT. You just have to put it together yourself.. . And all of that food was NOT terribly expensive. This is a great value on the strip. You easily get at least two, if not 3, meals out of each dish, and, with reasonable prices to begin with, that means more money in your pocket to chase straights or split your eights.
I've been here three times now with nary a disappointment. Yes, there's a huge crowd and a long wait, but it's worth it. By far our favorite breakfast spot while in Vegas. They temper the wait with serving the very best bloody Mary's in the world in the waiting area. Pickled green bean in my drank? Yes please!. . Portions are enormous and perfect for taking half back to the hotel to eat later. Share a plate? Pffft, I think not. . . I've tried the salmon benedict and the salmon hash, and I think the hashes win over other stuff. I love their biscuits and the sage poking out of them is cute, but it makes the biscuit taste like sage so if you're not a huge fan you might want to ask for no sage in your biscuit. The homemade peach jam on the table is not as good as it sounds, and if you've ever had peach baby food, well then, there ya go. The biscuit is  more than fine without it, though.. . Super delicious and worth navigating the Imperial Palace construction and the long wait.
Man O Man.  What else is there to say other than BAD ASS!!!   This place was great.  My girl and I went hear for breakfast and we had a pleasant food experience.  She got this giant blueberry pan cake and I got the frien chicken Benedict.  It's not just a bunch of food thrown together, but also delicious as well.  All the flavors of the Benedict were popping individually.  We will definetly be back for more !!!
+ Some of the best service I've had, period, and the best we had in Vegas, far surpassing all of our super expensive indulgences.. . + Went 11 on a Friday morning, was told there'd be a 15 min wait, waited 10 or less.. . + Maybe the best breakfast I've had, period. Split the chicken and waffles. Still couldn't finish it all. Also tried a couple of the scrambles that friends got, and were delicious. The biscuits were wonderful, too.. . + Drinks were some of the best I've had, period, and the best we had in Vegas. We got the spiked watermelon lemonade, both juices fresh. It came in a glass that you get to keep and is actually super neat, and nice quality. The booze is something like 20 oz and strong - and that with the glass is $12.95. If you ask me, that is not bad. . . Heads up that it is in a super random spot in the middle of the Imperial Palace casino, so kinda hard to find.. . I would like to give a special shout out to our waiter. I will come back and add his name if I can find my receipt. He was so attentive, helpful, friendly, everything, had great suggestions, didn't mind that we asked him to take like 50 pics, offered to put the second watermelon lemonade we ordered for the road (because they were that good) into several cups so we could all share. Truly a nice guy.. . Probably the only thing I will miss in Vegas. Please open more!!!!!
A Vegas must for me! They have to best Bloody Mary's on the strip as well as the uniquely large Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. AWESOME! Gotta stopby and get my late day brunch any time. Well worth the wait, especially since I can do it at the bar over a tangerine mimosa or a BLT Mary!
Awesome sage fried chicken and biscuits Benedict. Boneless fried chicken on top of a biscuit and mashed potatoes, and covered with eggs, cheese, and chipotle gravy.  Can't wait to go again in the future :)
Best go to spot for brunch. It's hard to find, inside Imperial Palace, but once you find it, it def is worth the trip. I had the Trucker Special with the French toast griddle. Best French toasts I've ever had!! . I recommend to share an entree, the servings are huge. If you decide to have your own plate, be prepared to have leftovers. But who doesn't love leftovers?! I know I do!
Came here for breakfast/brunch with my wife this past week - our wait was only ~15-20 minutes for a table, and we placed our order in pretty much immediately - the sage fried chicken & waffles and sage fried chicken benedict.. . OMG - the proportions are ridiculously and almost obscenely ginormous. . . I think my wife (who almost usually always agrees with me heh heh) would agree with me that the chicken & waffles were more thoroughly enjoyable (from start to finish) than the benedict just because the benedict was quite a bit heavier. From the first bite, they both were delish, but the heaviness of the benedict/biscuit eventually wore me down. . . The waffles are AMAZING - seriously - bacon-stuffed waffles? why doesn't everybody do this? So good. And the fried leeks/green onion garnish that they use on the chicken & waffles - also wonderful.. . would totally recommend anybody to come and try these 2 dishes - but if you're coming alone - just get the chicken & waffles!!!!! You're not going to regret it!
OMGeewhiz!!! This place is freaking fantastic!!! My family and I went on a last minute trip to Vegas and I mean LAST minute, only about 12hrs we decided to book a room and we were on the road.. . Anyways, my husband and I were traveling w/ our kids and the 'rents so we played it safe rather than go to Hooters, lol. I whipped out my ever-ready i-phone and brought up my trusty Yelp app and went to work. We were looking for breakfast near our hotel and I saw this place pop up. I sat on my hotel bed wondering where I had heard this restaurants name before...and then it hit me...Man vs. Food!!! So I just had to try it.. . We arrived, and I do have to say the location was rather difficult to navigate. It is in the Imperial Palace on the strip. You have to go to the parking garage (if your driving) and then take a set of elevators to get to the main level then you have to walk a little ways and get on yet another elevator to get inside the main area to access the restaurant. The you have to take the escalator or elevator(again) to get to the floor where the restaurant is located...sheesh, we built up an appetite just doing all that walking.. . But boy was it worth it!!! Even as busy as they were for a Saturday at brunch (who knew people were awake that early in Vegas, lol) we were seated w/in a few short minutes. Our waiter came by and was super friendly. He asked if we had ever ate there before and when we said no he decided to give us a rundown of the menu w/out boring us and w/out us forgetting the menu items he suggested.. . We placed our order and I'd say w/in about 15-20min it was brought out to us. I was in total shock when I saw how HUGE HUGE HUGE the portions were. I couldnt believe it and wanted to double check the menu price cause there was no way we were getting all that food for so cheap, even in Vegas. I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken w/ a maple reduction, mashed potato's, tomato slices and a biscuit. The food was soooooo yummy, especially the maple reduction on the fried chicken...who woulda thunk it. My daughter ordered the choc. chip pancake and it was heavenly. I shared a little off of everyone's plate and was not disappointed. I asked for jelly for my biscuit and they brought out a little pot filled w/ muddled strawberry jam, the BEST!!!. . Everything about this restaurant is top notch...from the food, the waiters, seating and atmosphere. We will DEF be returning here next time in Vegas. I cant wait to try other items on the menu!!!
Wow! HUGE portions! I felt bad not being able to eat it all, it was sooo good!  I had the French Toast and I was in heaven. My friend had a burger which was out of this world. Their alcoholic drinks are yummy too!
I saw this place on man vs food and so I had to try it and I did! ... and I LOVE the food here!! It is soooo yummy!! The sizes are also HUGE!! I had the same dish that Adam Richman ate on Man vs food. The fried chicken was cooked well, crispy and juicy. The potatoes were good and everything just blended together so well. I was only able to eat half the plate!! The prices are also very reasonable and with the plates being so big, you can always split it too. I also ordered the smores coffee and even that was in a giant cup! The melted marshmallows on top were a bit sweet, but when you mix it with the coffee, it's good. The guy even made it extra strong for me as I requested. The servers were nice and the lines do get long. However, if there are open seats at the bar and you have a smaller party, the bar area works with minimal wait. I can't wait to eat here again!
There are not enough words in the English language to explain how very much I loved this place.  So incredible.  The food, besides being very homey, comforting and delicious, was PURE ARTWORK on a plate.  Would go back in a NY second.  Wish we had a location out here in the Tampa Bay area.  Oh and the Bloody Marys are to die for and I am not usually a big Bloody Mary fan!
The place is amazingly good. My husband and I visited Las Vegas and stayed at the Imperial Palace. We ate here at least 3 times. Great Food, Big Portions.
OMG, loved it.. we stayed at the Imperial Palace (not our first choice) but easy location to get around from. I had heard a few things about this place and even though were from the South, i had to try this place that claimed to have great chicken and waffles..  First off, the styling of the dishes were awesome! these towering piles of delicious baked, fried and smothered goodness were art pieces. . deciding how to take your first bite is tricky. I had the chicken Benedict and Joey had the chicken and waffles. He loved his and offered a bite, but i couldn't even try his as being in love with my own dish. To say the portions are huge is an understatement, half of it was leftovers (which stinks if you're in a room without a fridge and microwave) . This was my favorite place to eat during my last visit to Vegas and instead of waiting until the last day, i'm going first to Hash Hash a go go.
Travis the server made our breakfast even better. The breakfast alone speaks for itself , but when you have someone who knows everything about the menu and goes into great detail,  it makes it even harder to decide on what to have. That's a good thing. Thanks again for you great service.
Great food!
Out of the three breakfast places we at at while in Vegas, Hash House was my favorite. . . Be warned, though: This is a very popular place. We went there on a Friday morning with a group of about 10 people, and we had to wait a good 30 minutes to get a table. Understandable since we did have a big group and the food here is so good.. . I ordered a Scrambler with smoked salmon, basil pesto, tomato and melted brie cheese, and it was amazing! Loved it! It's not something I would have ordered normally, but for whatever reason I'd been on this salmon kick. Besides, I was on vacation, and I wanted to try something new. The risk totally paid off! It was delicious!. . Since we were with such a big group, the service was a little slow and it took a while for our food to come out, but it was well worth the wait. . . Definitely check it out if you're staying near the Imperial Palace.
Great first meal here, but I'm going back. This is my new favorite restaurant in Vegas.   The service and food were both excellent.  Prices were very reasonable.  Portions were huge.   The fried chicken and waffles was fantastic. They serve pbr in brown paper bags, a nice touch. I loved this place. This is how a restaurant is supposed to be run.  Jason was the best waiter in recent memory. Management, give this worker kudos, he's doing you right.   Everyone in here was in a great mood, this is feel good comfort food at its best!
Saw them on Food Network and was determined to go while on vacation in Las Vegas.  Was fantastic!! Our vacationing group enjoyed it so much we went 2 times in the 4 days that we were in Vegas.  I personally had the banana cream dipped french toast; and I really, really enjoyed it.  BTW, every cab driver knows that when you say Imperial Palace that you're going to Hash House A Go Go!!! :)
FREE HONEY BUTTER BISCUITS.  . . That's all you need to remember when coming here.  This with the Hardwood smoked bacon, avocado & cheddar burger = food orgasm.. and almost real one too.  Kidding, but seriously the biscuits were ridic!  I went to the San Diego location once but I don't remember it being this good.  The portions are ginormous, the buns on my burger almost tasted like donuts, and the staff was super nice.  . . I don't really need to say anymore about this place because I need you to try it if you haven't done so before.  Screw coming here only while drunk or during a hangover, I come here to pre-party!  My friends and I discovered this Vegas location by accident, and man I'm glad we did because we were super hungry and ready for some quality food.  It was big, good, and I wanted more after we were finished.. . That's what she said.... . about her experience.... . with this restaurant.
OMG can you say food overload? Yes thats what you get here.. . We all came here after playing the daily slot tournament and waiting for the results of the winners (one of us did win the $500!) we found this place in the Imperial Palace and decided to take a break and get some food.  Well thats an understatement! The portions are HUGE and everything was s fresh and yummy.  Its a comfort food joint for sure.  Our lunch consisted of 3 different burgers and one Quesadilla.  The burgers are "stuffed" you choose the items you want inside and they pout between the two patties.  One of us had the bacon and mashed potato stuffed burger, one was mushrooms and swiss, and the other bacon, cheddar and avocado.  Only one of us was able to finish the whole burger the other two of us saved 1/2 for dinner.  The Quesadilla was huge and over flowing and resting on a bed of mashed potatoes which I was told were amazing.  The side of Macaroni and Cheese was said to be the best Mac and Cheese every tasted by 3 in the party so creamy and cheesy it was the ultimate comfort food to drown our gambling losses! LOL  . . I recommend this gem which is on the second floor inside Imperial Palace and a reasonable priced place considering the quantity and quality of food you receive. Especially compared to the rest of the places on the strip that leave you broke AND disappointed. . . Only this that would make this place perfect is to get some cell service inside....No AT&T service at all in the restaurant, so if you have others who are gambling or trying to find you, your off the grid in here.....which could be a good thing, you can concentrate on the food-gazm your gonna have!
This place was the best!!  Came here for lunch on Saturday.  Wait was about 45 minutes.  But it was so worth it.  The waiter warned us that the portions are huge and that we can share the entree.  We should have listened to him.  Each of us ordered our own entree.  I ordered the pork tenderloin sandwich.  the meat looked like it could have been for 3 sandwiches.  My friend ordered the chicken and waffles and my other friend ordered a scramble.  Omg!!  They were so good.  Prices are reasonable.  My entree was about $15.  Great price for the portion.    Will for sure come back!
Arrived around 9 a.m. on Friday morning (day after Thanksgiving)---no wait, sat us down right away.  I noticed that some people complained about the wait time & service--this might depend on what time you show up.. . We ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict (favorite of man vs. food).  This was about $15 something.  Since I heard the portions were huge, my husband & I decided to share this plate.  Both of us left stuffed. (FYI: my mom said she went here a while back & they didn't let her get an extra plate to share food, but we had no problem).  It's hard to describe the flavor of this delicious bad boy, because it was so good!  The blend of flavors was just awesome.  It has: chipotle cream with peppers, scrambled eggs, griddled mozzarella, fried chicken, bacon, market tomato, spinach, biscuit on top of griddled potatoes.  I would go back again & order the same dish---never tasted anything so good!. . We also ordered a pancake from the "children's menu." for my 2 year old.  That thing was HUGE....of course, she only ate like 4-5 bites and that was it.  I think about 3-4 kids could share this.  It was around $3 and pretty tasty---syrup was warm and really good.. . The waiter brought out our bill kind of early: "I know how it is with a child, so I'm just leaving this here for when ever you're ready."  We didn't mind, because our daughter was getting fussy, but I can see how others might take this the wrong way.. . *The large orange juice was $6, which I thought was expensive.. . I'll definitely come here again, but only if I share a plate.  There were many people taking left overs home and I did see everyone ordering their own plate (not sure if this is a rule, if people just eat a lot, or people want left overs to take home).  I'll share a plate next time or will make sure my hotel has a fridge/microwave.
I had been to the HHAGG on Sahara earlier in the year and loved it, so I decided to try out the HHAGG in the Imperial Palace casino. The wait was a little longer to sit down, but the food and service were just as good. I ordered the chorizo hash and my old man ordered the fried chicken benedict. Both were excellent and well worth the price. HHAGG will be a regular stop during my visits to Vegas.
Food is GREAT and definitely worth the wait!  Just not sure why they put this restaurant in the nasty Imperial Palace!  But it is great...don't miss it!
I've been to both the Vegas and San Diego locations and while they're both wicked, I think the Vegas one is slightly  better. In either city you really can't go wrong with Hash House. Food is fresh and flavorful - portions are HUGE! Always a great meal although now I want to waddle right back to bed.
The portion sizes and the food was amazing!!!!  I love this place.
Early Christmas eve morning, the last place I thought I would be is at the Imperial Palace, now called The Quad, or something like that.  Back in my college days at UNLV, this hotel was the after party, after the after party.  Remodel in progress, it actually looks great now.  Anyways, my lady and her baby girl wanted to eat here, thanks to "Man vs Food."   Needless to say, we were not disappointed.  Portions are huge and the presentations were beautiful.  Our jaws dropped when the plates hit the table!  The food was excellent.  We had the Sage Fried Chix and Bacon Waffles, House Smoked Salmon Benedict and a side of their Biscuits and Gravy.  Doggy bags are a must unless your into total gluttony and that's okay, it's Vegas.  Brandon, our waiter had his game down, as well.  He made our visit that much better!  Very contemporary, cool decor.  I will definitely visit this place again, but maybe the "M" or "The Plaza" locations.
The best meal I ate in Vegas.  I shared the Chicken Benedict.  It was soooooo good. Come hungry.  I will go back next time I go to Vegas.
Always great food!
The food was amazing! I had the salmon, Brie and pesto scramble. My sister had the avocado, bacon scramble. Big portions could be split. I want to go back for the Bloody Mary!!  Service was excellent.
First off, DEFINITELY recommend this restaurant!. But I'm telling you, you better be hungry. :). My boyfriend and I went here for the first time last month (for my birthday breakfast). I chose it because of all the hype I heard about it. I was not dissapointed one bit! . The food is awesome (some of the best I've ever had eating out) and the service was good, too.. I was surprised on how huge the portions were! And for the price, such a killer deal. I ordered the biscuits and gravy (which was served over mashed potatoes and topped with scrambled eggs.) And my boyfriend got the corned beef skillet. Both were to-die-for meals. We also noticed how tasty their eggs were, some of the best we've had. I wish I could go back and try their famous fried chicken and waffles I've heard so much about. . . If you are in Vegas, this place is a MUST! Seriously, you will be so impressed.
We always eat at Hash House A Go Go when we visit San Diego. So of course I was happy with my experience at this one. Gigantic portions. I like their lunch items (especially the BLT) and my husband likes the French toast.
I was in Vegas last weekend and, in my quest for a unique breakfast, stumbled upon this place. First, let me say that this restaurant proudly represents what Vegas stands for. The food is big..Huge... And ultra...  I mean ULTRA tasty. When I draft a review, I comment on 3 areas: Food, service, and price. . . The service was decent... Above average, but not over the top. The servers we experienced were attentive and friendly. Some were rather unique looking but hey, that's Vegas. One thing I liked was that everyone we talked to acted as if they were happy and proud to work there. I like that! The atmosphere was very casual and the place was a bustling with activity. I was happy and comfortable.. . The food....WOW...the food.  OK, it took me quite some time to decide what to order.  Everything on the menu looked good!  So did the plates of food I saw passing by!  I ended up ordering the fried chicken benedict...a Man vs. Food favorite.  It did not disappoint.  In one word: Unbelievable.  This place prides themselves on twisted farm food.  The portions were HUGE and the taste was outstanding!  My girl ordered the brown sugar and banana pancake.  It was the size of a medium pizza!  It tasted so good that you would need to sit down to eat it.  This is simply no joke.  My only regret is that I didn't get to try other things on the menu.  If you are in a party of 4, I would highly recommend ordering 3 totally different breakfasts and then sharing them.  This would allow you to try different things and you would in no way be short on food.  This restaurant definitely did deliver in every sense of the word.  BOOYAH!. . The price was amazingly reasonable for Vegas.  It was priced similar to IHOP but with all the huge portions and pizazz of a meal you cant get just anywhere.  For the two of us it was 28 dollars with drinks!  We did order too much food though as neither of us could finish.  My taste buds wanted more but my stomach simply couldn't handle another bite!. . I just love this place.  I am glad we found it and I cant wait to go back the next time I visit Las Vegas.
This should be a part of your Vegas trip, period. You may have to wait, you may not get your food super fast - but this place is the bomb. My food arrived hot, delicious, satisfying and that is all I could as for.
Hash House A Go Go is my favorite restaurant in the world to eat breakfast. I spent 5 days in Las Vegas last week and I ate there twice, even with a rule that I wouldn't eat at the same place more than once. There are way too many great things I can say about this establishment, so I'll stick to my favorites:. . -- The obscure, one-of-a-kind menu: They don't just do chicken and waffles, they do Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. They don't just do a hash or a scramble, they put together a work of art with fried chicken, bacon, hash browns, cheese, eggs, lettuce and tomato on a plate with the most delicious gravy sauce you'd ever taste on a big ole plate.. -- The service: Every waiter and waitress is trained to LOVE what they do. Either that, or they literally cherish their craft. They are psyched to be your waiter and to get you your food as fast as possible.. -- No heat lamps: When food is finished, it's brought out to your table immediately. They don't wait for everyone's food to be prepared and then bring it out and 1 or 2 dishes are cooler. It should be done this way at every restaurant.. -- Artwork: Across the restaurant, celebrities has signed menus and given them feedback about how perfect their menu is. And those celebrities are right.. . This is a restaurant in which the food speaks for itself. Man Vs. Food's Adam Richman recently visited and showed how perfect this institution is. It's almost unbelievable how food can have this much flavor. My girlfriend's pancake was as big as a large pizza and tasted like it was injected with flavor. Just the best.. . If you're in Vegas, get into Hash House A Go Go immediately and thank me later.
I finally got a chance to eat at the place that supposedly serves "twisted farm food." It had been on my radar ever since I first saw it on Man v. Food. Staying at Imperial made it all the more tempting to just go there for each meal. In a rare showing of mercy to my wallet, I didn't do that.. . Before going inside the dining area, you'll see a number of autographed portraits and menus. Adam Richman's is one of them. . . I decided to do takeout for dinner. While it was very tempting to just get the popular sage fried chicken and waffles, I was in a 1-pound stuffed burger mood. Oh, that'd be one pound of meat. The entire burger was probably closer to 2 lbs., although not quite there.. . The mushroom and Swiss stuffed burger ($12.95) was amazing. Extremely juicy and gargantuan. Everything cooked perfectly. It was heaven just to see the melted Swiss and sauteed mushrooms. It's served with the cold fresh veggies on one bun half and the stuffed patty on the other half. Two big dill pickle slices in the burger. While the lettuce looked a bit wilted, that's probably only because everything stayed in the same closed takeout box for a few minutes.. . I'm guessing they used a brioche bun. Very soft and inviting. I personally think it could have been better with a slight toasting on the flattop. This just felt like the Juicy Lucy I had in Minnesota a couple years back, just in steroidal form. I think the burger could be too greasy and too imposing for some people. Fork and knife might be required. I for one needed a larger mouth.. . Burgers come with one side item of your choice. I got the basil pesto tossed crispy potatoes and enjoyed every bite. Great job on the crispy potatoes. It also had some broken-down diced tomatoes in there. The olive oil from the pesto collected a bit at the bottom of the plastic takeout container.. . Dessert is served all day here, and one of the servers mentioned that some items (like the bread pudding) are for in-house dining only. Might expect up to a 15-minute wait on that bread pudding.. . Breakfast includes french toast, flapjacks, and the Fried Chicken Benedict, all featured on the Man v. Food episode. I hope to get back there for some of those dishes.. . I saw the plating of the sage fried chicken and waffles I spoke of earlier, and it's literally a tower of food. Three or four waffles for the base, some fried chicken on top of that, and a large knife to hold it all in place.. . Even with all the inflated prices on the Vegas strip, I think it's well worth the price to come here. Check this elite spot out the next time you're in the area.
Corned beef hash cannot be beat!
Every time we go to vegas we have to stop there.  I love going becasue every time I go I try something new because the menu is so big.  The first time I ordered the grilled cheese it was amazing.  Then I ordered the chicken and waffles and it blew my mind.  The waffles had bacon strips baked inside.  The food is artistic  and delicilious.  I would make sure you stop there whenever you are in vegas.  Also, the portions are great so you really do not need to order an appeztier.  My goal is to go for breakfest because there is a different menu.
Went for Brunch on my short stay in Vegas for a wedding. Had the highly favored Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. Not a fan of sangrias, but they offer supposed great ones for $5 while you wait for your table by the hostess. Would definitely go back again!
This is the first restaurant we came to on our recent trip to LV. . Heard so many great reviews so I had to try it for myself. . We had a bigger (extremely hungry) group and it was a pretty busy Friday morning so they gave us the option to split our party into two tables. . . My bf and cousin ordered the 1lb burger which looked and tasted amazing! All of our jaws dropped when we seen how humongous the burger was!  Just WOW! . I couldn't decide what I want because everything they had to offer sounded great. . I ended up getting the chorizo breakfast and OMG, it was SO delicious! Such wonderful blends of seasoning. However, I did not like the potatoes, even though they are pretty good, I'm just not a fan of chunky potatoes. I asked for a side of gravy for my biscuit and they charged me $3. Grrr. . My cousin ordered the basic breakfast w/ grilled ham and he loved it! And all my other cousins enjoyed their food as well! . . The portions here are huge! If you come here, I recommend splitting it with someone but beware it may be a little difficult since everything on the menu sounds amazing it may be hard to agree on one thing! This place was a hit for my family and we will definitely come back in the future. . . I hope you all will enjoy this place as much as we did! Enjoy! :D
Everything about this place was amazing.  The portions are huge.  We went on a packed Tuesday morning, and we were seated promptly and got our food in probably less than 10 minutes.    The portions were so big, I didn't know where to start.  It was amazing, and definitely the #1 restaurant I recommend to people traveling to Vegas.
Hash House A Go Go is a hidden gem in the Quad (formerly the Imperial Palace).  The hotel is a dump, and when you walk in, you think "really"?. . But once you get to Hash House - omg!  The food is amazing, the portions are huge!  Well worth it.. . The BLT Bloody Mary with the bacon - yum!. . If you don't have a big appetite, you can probably share.  . . One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!
Huge line and well worth it!. . *TIP: If you are a diamond club member show your card and you will be seated ahead of the long line.. . This place is cramped and the tables are small. However once you see the food coming out of the kitchen you will thank me.. . If you like breakfast with chicken, this is the place to for you. Roscoe's may have started the chicken and waffle craze but Hash House a Go Go has taken it to another level. There were 6 in my party and we all had diffident plates and ate family style. The server was very friendly and helped us choose. All were delicious and will only say that the eggs Benedict were not bad, however they were not out of this world like the other plates.. . COME HUNGRY and ENJOY!
I have had many people tell me to try this place the next time we went to Vegas.....I am SO glad I did!!! 5 stars is not enough.....Bloody Mary's = fantastic;  Hash = Fantastic;  scrambles = fantastic; biscuits =fantastic!!!  We got there around 930am on a Sat and had only a 5 min wait...by the time we left - an hour later ----the wait was over 90min. Well worth it!!!! ENJOY!!!!!
Unique food and a unique experience.
You better be hungry before venturing to the Go-Go. One-pound burgers (stuffed), sage fried chicken and waffles, bacon, bacon, AND MORE BACON! The portions are huge, the food is always excellent and make sure you have a fridge in your room for a snack after a night out, or for breakfast. This particular Hash House is in the former dump called the Imperial Palace.....now called The Quad (still a dump). Ignore the ugliness and go to the second floor and enjoy!
Saw it on TV years ago.  Finally made it.  Was not disappointed.  A lot of times big-portion food sacrifices quality. While the portions are ridiculously obscene (which I like), the food was great.  I am a picky breakfast food person.  Eggs scrambled with cheese were fluffy and moist, sausage links were plump and flavorful.  The 14"dia, 1/2" thick pancake was very tasty.  Will be back to sample the menu.
So the Inferior Palace is now the Quad. Thankfully, Hash House is still upstairs. While the Linq construction out front makes getting into the Quad a chore, the good news is you're no longer dodging taxis to come in here, nor is it as difficult to find the escalators to Hash House anymore.. . Don't miss the flapjacks (apple cinnamon is my fave, followed by blueberry pecan) and the chicken & waffles is to die for. (tip: order that for at least two) Even a bowl of oatmeal comes out super sized with a large selection of fresh fruit.. . They are open for lunch and dinner (but not late; I think they close at 11) but breakfast is where they really shine. Eat here.
Wait is kinda long, but it was definitely worth it.  I just played craps to pass the time.
The hotel is a complete dump but don't let that fool you.  The food & service is as good as any 5-star place in Vegas.  The portions are huge & yes - it's a little over the top.  But that's what they do.. . Word to the wise who are waiting - there's a bar inside the restaurant & we sat right down & skipped the 30 minute wait.. . Also - if you're coming & going via cab...you can get there via Koval Street so you don't have to mess with the traffic on the strip.
I absolutely love this place! My husband and I make it a point to come here every time we come to Vegas. I've never been disappointed here and there is never enough time (or room in my belly) to try everything I want. One of my favorites is the Hash House Original Benedict with Mashed potatoes, biscuits, spinach, tomatoes, poached eggs(or they call them basted, not totally sure what the difference is) and roasted red pepper cream sauce. Sooo good! The portions are massive and the HH original benedict is about $15 or so, so you can save some money by just ordering that and splitting with someone else. It always sounds like a good ideabefore we get there, but then I can't decide and we usually end up ordering two entrees. The banana-brown sugar pancake is awesome too and doesn't even need syrup. It's massive as well of course. I can usually only eat about 1/4 of it. The breakfast quesadilla has potatoes and a bunch of other yummy stuff, also perfect. I'm not a big fan of bloody mary's, until I had one here. Awesom bloody marys and nice and big. Perfectly seasoned and not too spicy. Can't wait to have one in a few days. Vegas Baby, Vegas!!!
Awesome french toast, I love you hash house!
Scrambled eggs with chicken, cheese and peppers were great.
The food is solid, but the service is spectacular. We are greeted by every employee and seated with gusto. Our server was to-the-point and very informative. . . The food: Huge portions. Bold flavors. Great seasoning. Fun presentation. . . This is a must for Breakfast if you are in Vegas.
So let me start by saying that, my friend suggested we go here in fact she raved about it prior to our arrival at the Quad (where we were staying anyway). On the afternoon that we ventured upstairs we were beyond hung over and quite ready for a meal of epic proportion BOY DID  WE FIND IT!! To begin our server sucked, I believe her name was Shea, but don't quote me but if you get her avoid her ass like the plague. She took 15 minutes to get our drink orders  (one Pepsi and two waters)to the table after telling her we needed a minute to look over the menu.When she finally brought the drinks and I discovered my water glass was dirty I proceeded to wait another 20 minutes to get my water again. The kicker...they weren't busy and she tended to just disappear for 20 minute increments. Another waitress that we called over (Janine) was SO helpful! Despite us requesting the manager she still was polite and attempted to help us with anything we needed even though we were not at her table. Once the manager arrived and we explained our issue he took over and took care of us for the whole rest of the time. I ordered the rib eye with horseradish potatoes and boy was it good! The manager made sure that EVERYTHING was taken care of and was so freaking attentive to our needs. He even brought us a huge piece of their wonderful strawberry cheesecake and ice cream for our troubles. We tipped (Janine) stiffed that other chick...and consistently thanked the manager!! I will definitely go here every time I'm in Vegas and want a great meal and great service...Love it!
So this place is located in an upstairs hidden corner of the used to be Imperial Palace (soon to be The Quad). It is sorta tricky to find, but that does not seem to deter Vegas tourists from visiting this totally fun place. . . We tried to visit on a Saturday morning but were greeted with a 45 minute wait. We were hungry, so we decided to pass this one up and try it again on Monday morning. Still a 35 minute wait, but we really wanted to try it. . . As others have said, once you are seated the service is excellent. The menu has all sorts of fun and unique offerings such as a banana latte and banana and maple sugar pancakes. My boyfriend and I are normally people who walk in and decide what we want fairly quickly, but Hash House's menu boasts so many unique flavors that it took us a while to decide. . . We finally decided that we wanted the sage fried chicken and waffles (apparently a Man VS. Food favorite), some pancakes, and a side of crispy potatoes. The waitress took one look at us (we are not large people) and recommended we wait on the pancakes until we received the rest of our food, as the portions are so good. We appreciated her honesty, because the portions were HUGE and the chicken and waffles and potatoes were more than enough. . . The flavor, texture, and presentation was superb. The sage as a bit of complexity to the chicken flavor that still mixes well with the waffles. The syrup was a little less sweet than most, which makes it perfect with the savory part of the dish. The chicken was also obviously high quality. One of the things I normally hate about fried chicken is the low quality chicken that places sometimes use. . . We fully enjoyed our dining experience. The dishes are so large and tasty looking that it is fun to watch the servers take them to their respective tables and then watch the look on the people's faces as they begin to dig in. We are already planning to visit again on our next Vegas trip, and even want to stop in late night after gambling just for one of their fun lattes.
Delicious. Huge crowd waiting but only took 20 minutes. The bloody mary bar in the waiting area made the time fly. Very nice staff. Try anything that has the sage chicken.
I wish I could put 10 stars on this place!. . It's amazing. . . The wait time to eat here is not long at all considering how popular it is! My cousin came and we waited for about 15 minutes before being seated. . . We came during brunch, so we still had breakfast cravings. I ordered the pancakes with potatoes and eggs and OMG! I was in Heaven and you for sure get what you pay for. . . Before receiving my food, my cousin and I kept gazing at all the large portions of food put on one person's order. The presentation was fantastic and it even made us hungrier watching people eat with such satisfaction! We waited about 20 minutes for our food not bad. . . My pancake was huge! the buttermilk once was yummy and it wasn't too thick. I didn't finish it, but I did finish my scrambled eggs and crispy potatoes! Those were nicely seasoned and made. Enjoyed them as the side to my pancake!. . The restaurant brings a lot of great energy, but my waitress was not, She was a little grumpy and it seemed as though she did not enjoy her job one bit. She tried correcting us, when really, she was the one who made a mistake. I felt she just had a snobby attitude. If we had a better server then there really would be no downfalls to this place! . . Other than her, the rest of the customer service was great from the host to the guys from the kitchen to another waitress who was very kind to us. . . I am absolutely coming back for more next time I am in Vegas. Please make sure to get a good workout in before coming here! Food Coma is a given
Wow! The meatloaf was amazing! The presentation was great and we will be coming back here again, soon!
This place is sooooo good!!!! Huge portions and so fresh!
I fell in love with this place... Woke up at 11am and we were starved. We needed a solid meal to eat before leaving Vegas. So I yelped up "brunch" and found Hash house a Go Go! . . Took us forever to find this spot. There were so many people waiting in line. We waited close to an hour to get to in. We were sooooo hungry. . . Service: nice and polite, they were very helpful as we were first timers. . Ambience: very trendy and "barn-like" decor. The booths were so spacy and comfortable. . Food: Amazing, aaamazing. Let's first talk about the portions. SOLID portion! I was sooo full from lunch, then I had enough for dinner as well. The Andy's Sage Fried You must, must try the Chicken with maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuits (15.95). The chicken was good, maybe a little dry. The scrambled eggs were sooo fluffy. One of the best eggs i've had. The bacon mashed potatoes is just delicious and solid. The bacon did just the trick. The biscuits were sooo yummy. My friends get some butter and the peach jam to put on the biscuits. SOOO GREAT! Such a good price and great portion! My friend's food portions were very generous too.. . A great brunch place. I will definitely take my boyfriend here next time since he is a picky brunch fan. Will recommend this to others as well.
Delicious ,awesome I don't know what else to say lol. Great service....it was packed and wait time was 25 min but we only waited like 10. Bring your appetite!
Another place I found because of Adam Richman from MvF..... This place has made my list of regular things to do when in Vegas.. The first two times I went to the original place on Sahara Blvd about 10 min of the Strip but then I found out the Quad (FKA, Imperial Palace) had one (which is right next to where I stayed) so I had to go again..lol. . You will not believe the portions at this place!  The Pancakes look like the size of a medium Pizza (or Hubcaps), Their Benedict creations are not only monstrous they are off the hook! Personally I liked the Chicken one that was on MvF better than the Pork Filet  but the Pork one could easily feed three people (I'm 250+ lbs and it fed me twice and admittedly I should have split it into thirds). The last time I went, I was with a buddy and his son who said they live down the street from Rosco's Chicken & Waffle's then said "These are better than Rosco's" when referring to Hash Houses Chicken & Waffle tower (They were very good, but I've never had Chicken & Waffles before)
Epic.....every time.
Go every year when we hit Vegas.. Great Service, Great Food, More food than a normal person can eat.. . Stop reading this and go eat at the Hash House.
Definitely one of the best breakfast I have had.  Get the Chicken and Waffles with one of their Bloddy Mary's!  Definitely will go here every time I'm in Vegas.
so amazing , our waitress was so good . her name was tara and she helped with everything we needed . the food is HUGE , but we didnt have to wait very long . everything is made fresh. we went to the m for ours , go there its great .
It's just that good.  Sure "The Quad" / "Imperial Palace" is a craphole, but you have to look past it.  The fact that my friend barfed on the casino floor on his way to the bathroom, well....that's just icing in the cake!  It sure wasn't a reflection on the delicious food.
So delicious.  Ate there twice on my last vegas trip.  First item up was the duck (don't remember exact dish name) but it was so good and there was so much duck.  Usually duck dishes are on the smaller size but this was pretty big.. . The chicken and waffles are delicious.  The chicken was a tiny bit dry or I'd say it was just perfect, but overall really really good.  Should of ate there every meal in vegas.
AWESOME BREAKFAST AND GREAT PRICE!!!  Every dishes that came out was  huge. Make sure to don't over order and always share. If you want more you can always order again.
Giant portions, fun loud atmosphere, great service, and good food.  It was very busy when we went, so we had to wait about 15 minutes for our table.  Try the Chicken and Waffles!
You can always win big @ Hash House!! Love this place!. . Always come back for breakfast here and feel like a happy high roller.. . Food is awesome, service is pleasant, decor is crazy fun. . . OVERALL: Great Vegas experience every time!!
Once you make your way through The Imperial Palace (YUCK!!) and all the smoke and side shows you can sit down and forget what lies beneath you. Hash House is soooo worth me venturing through A Princess Bride type movie that is this hotel. Try everything, so go multiple times.  EXCELLENT FOOD!
I cannot get over how much food you get for a (comparatively) low price!  We've been twice now - once before the Imperial Palace became the Quad, and once since the Casino has switched to the Quad. Now, it is nearly impossible to find, down deep, dark alleyways, passed the very cramped concierge desk, down some steps. I'm sure the management at Hash House is not too impressed with this... but it has lead to a much shorter wait time! . . Come hungry and in your Thanksgiving Day fat pants. Don't come if you "could eat, but not that hungry" or if you plan on hitting the pool later.  I had the Andy's Sage Fried Eggs Benedict. It's bigger than an NFL football, swear to God. Inch thick layer of real mashed potatoes, two ginormous biscuits, a full chicken breast fried to perfection, a layer of eggs, some spinach, another layer of cheese, then topped off with the most sinful chipotle hollandaise sauce. Now, I'm a 5'8, 130 lbs girl but I can eat, that's for sure. I put this plate to shame and left with half a biscuit on my plate - drawing quite the praise and congratulations from our server who was thoroughly impressed. . . This restaurant is more of a spectator sport. Dishes are brought out when they are done, they don't use heat lamps so if you have a large crowd, some people will be left without a plate until their meal is done. In the mean time, you gawk at everyone else's ridiculous amount of food and at those who are stuffing their faces. . . We come here for breakfast and don't eat until lunch the NEXT day :)
always good drunk food!!!    make a stop.. BIG ASS PORTIONS.. but when can eat when ur still hung over?
Totally forgot to review Hash House A Go Go. This restaurant is A-MAZ-ING especially the infamous chicken and waffles. What drew us to this mouth watering place were: . . 1) Adam Richman did the fried chicken eggs benedict challenge here (http://www.travelchannel.com/video/fried-chicken-eggs-benedict-12437) . 2) Highly rated on Yelp . 3) Recommended by a BM. All those factored combined, we HAD to trek our way over and taste it ourselves. . . The portions here are HUGE. You have been warned. We had 7 people and we shared two entrees and one side: . . Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffle - One of THE best chicken and waffles I ever had. The chicken was moist, tender, packed full of juice and flavor while the waffle was drizzled with maple syrup and bacon BAKED inside! It was a good balance between sweet and savory. LOVE THIS DISH! As Jimmy McMillian says 'The Rent is Too Damn High', this dish is 'Too Damn Good"!! :) You will not go wrong with this staple meal. Just thinking about it makes my tummy grumble :(. . Original Eggs Benedict - served with some fruits on the side. Tasty but not memorable. I would have gotten the Adam Richman's challenge! *drool*. . Corn Beef Hash - with potatoes, scrabble eggs and swiss cheese. The potatoes were my fav in this dish, nom nom nom. . . This place is definitely worth a trip out to try if you're ever in Las Vegas. Oh, and it's now open 24 hours :O genius marketing/business strategy!! But just be warned, The Quad was doing renovations so it was like a maze to get to.
Great food and even better service. We were quoted a 40 minute wait by the hostess staff but was referred to the bar for faster seating. Even though we sat at the bar, the service wasn't any different.. Thanks bar staff, keep up the good work!
This place is a must go eat!  It's in the old Imperial Palace hotel now known as the Quad. The portions are huge. I recommend sharing a dish.  My mom and I spilt the eggs benedict. It was absolutely scrumptious . The red cream sauce was magically delicious.  All the staff here was very friendly and our server Brie was pleasant and very attentive.
Never ever go to Vegas without a stop at Hash House.  Be brave and get the fried chicken benny or chicken and waffles.  Everything is super tasty anyway - the meatloaf is a fav also.  Just go -  this place is SO worth it.
Delicious!!!. I had the griddles French toast. I don't even like bananas but the way they cooked them and served them was fantastic! The chicken sausage was pretty good as well.. . The service was great as well. We got there at 10am and didn't wait too long.. . We're going back tomorrow since we leave Saturday!
One of my favorite places to eat! not just in Vegas but ever. . I always come here when in Vegas, my favorite dish is "Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit" it sounds like alot and it is... but it is soo good. The flavor combinations are amazing. Nothing like I have ever eaten before. If your a person who does not like their food mixed or touching each other then do not order this. Everything comes on top of each other, which is how you have to eat in order to taste how good it is. I had a BLT Bloody Mary to wash it all down. And it is just like it sounds, Bacon, Lettuce and Tomato Bloody Mary, even with a slice of toast on top. . If you have never been here you must go. Its a great place to eat. I have never had or heard of a bad meal coming from here. There is also a Bloody Mary bar where you can order one while you wait to be seated
Wow, the Sage Chicken Benidect was awesome!  The Yelp picture did this plate justice. At first I was going to go with the Sage Chicken & Waffles, but suddenly changed my mind when I saw the picture of this deliciousness while scrolling through the Yelp app photos prior to ordering.  The chicken was tender, juicy and flavorfull.  The mashed potatoes, biscuit, and chipotle gravy complemented the chicken just perfectly.  I definitely will be back again next time I am in VEGAS.
Huge portions, delicious meals, best breakfast 24/7!  Tried it 3 times in one week! First had the "basic" for $8.95, 2 eggs any style, mash/hash potatoes and I had my eggs over easy. They were perfectly done, all fresh and great service. Second time, had the mushroom and Swiss burger- photo added. It was delicious but giant! Nearly ate it all, but just couldn't ;) strongly recommended!!!
I love this place, food is more then you can eat and very delish! My first time eating here is in San Diego, hands down this place is AWESOME! Hash House a Go Go need to be on Man VS food/ Diner Drive In & Dives! . . U will not be Disappointed! TRUST ME :)
The best breakfast you will ever have!!! I have been to the San Diego location also and they are both very consistent! I highly recommend the Andy's fried chicken Benedict. I get it every time and am never let down. I would love to try other things on the menu as everything looks amazing but i just cant imagine anything tasting better. Always excellent and friendly service too! When you are in vegas this is a must try!!
A good overall experience brought us back here again for 2 total visits in one vegas weekend trip. The wait was worth it both times (15 and 45 mins). Portions are huge, unique and delicious. Almost every entree has some sort of unique twist. Chicken n waffles were damn good as well as the bacon avocado scrambler.. . The place has a industrial yet clean, with a modern look and feel. The service was energetic  and attentive. I would definitely plan on coming back and plan on visiting the Chicago location near me in the near future.
Sage frie chicken and waffles was awesome my husband and I shared and were very happy with the meal
Bloody Mary while you wait? -Why yes, I think I will.  Seriously, it was a very good bloody mary.  I also decided that if I was going to indulge, I may as well try the Andy's sage fried chicken ( a Man vs. Food menu item).  As the other reviews mention, it s HUGE.  Fortunately, the taste matches the portion size.    A great find for your Vegas morning.
One of the best reasons to stay at the Quad in Las Vegas because this place isopen 24 HOURS!! . . My group ordered everything to go so we could take it up to our room. The waitress at the bar was super friendly and made sure we had everything we needed so we didn't have to come back for utensils or anything. . . I got the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict ($17 with tax) which is a favorite of Adam Richman from Man vs. Food. . . This round, FOOD WINS. Why, you ask? . . It's ginormous. . Thanksgiving gave a stamp of approval on the mashed potatoes.. Jesus likes their biscuits.. The South would be very happy with this fried chicken. . This most interesting man on Earth picked the tomatoes and spinach from the freshest farms.. Gordan Ramsay would claim the benedict sauce as "Duh-licious. Absolutely incredible.". CHEESE. . This was the only meal I had all day and I still couldn't finish it! Plus, it's perfect to help you keep a high tolerance to alcohol. So again..mashed potatoes, biscuits, fried chicken, tomatoes, spinach, cheese and ALL OF THIS SMOTHERED IN BENEDICT SAUCE. . . Best breakfast dish I have ever had. Hands down. I will now build a shrine to this dish.
Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles!!! Plus the bacon waffles. That plate was massive but I had to finish the fried chicken. Had some leftover waffles though. The Arnold Palmer was made really well! I wanna try the other plates when I return. Gimme gimme gimme.
Two (late) nights in a row and loving everything we've had sofar! Had the corned beef hash, made with pulled corned beef that's apparently cooked daily...one of the best hashes I've ever had! The flapjacks are huge and delicious as well, so bring an appetite!  The graveyard shift staff was very friendly, despite undoubtedly fielding tons of heavily inebriated hordes of LV zombies. A special shout out to Tyler who served my wife and I both nights, he was great to chat with and a very efficient bartender/server. A fellow Oregonian too! Thanks Tyler, we'll probably be back tonight and the next!
We got to the Quad for check-in around 2 am on a Monday night and were absolutely starving. Headed to this famous place at the suggestion of a friend. It was clean, comfortable and mellow at 2:30 am. There were a few people around us, so it was fun to hear the gasps when their giant plates arrived'. Our server, Tyler, was the kind of person you return for - especially because of his knowledge, demeanor and care. I thought he was a manager, but he just takes his job seriously and respected everyone he was serving in a way not typically found on the strip. . He had recommendations for us based on our questions... The corned beef hash was TO DIE FOR. We returned the following night for some dessert, and instead ended up ordering his rec of banana and brown sugar flapjacks. Dear God, he was right. I plan on eating here at least one more time before we leave! The menu looks limited, but anything you order will leave you in awe! Must eat here!
Yummy!! My boyfriend and I split the sage fried chicken and it was amazing! The portions are huge and the food is just delicious. My only complaint is that it took such a long time for our food to come out. It was worth the wait though! Also we were there with friends and so it was nice to have time to chat. Don't miss out!! There is one here closer to home and I will be visiting the local Hash House A Go Go very soon!
ONE OF MY FAVES!!!. If you are going to Vegas must try. Servings are definitely big enough for two. They taste amazing and very affordable. Since you in Vegas thats a plus! I actually flew in pretty early so with the time difference i was starving.. Seems we got in right before the breakfast crowed so service and food were both great!! As we were leaving I noticed line down the stairs so may want to come early or after crowds. We had Sage Chicken and Waffles, Andys Sage fried chicken Benedict and a Scrambled Hash.. all three were YUM!!! . . . I came July 2nd 2013. Must try!!
There really isn't a good reason  to give this place anything less than 5 stars.  People complain that it is too expensive... but the portion size is completely equivalent to what you pay.  In addition to that... the food was tremendous!  I highly recommend the "Man Vs. Food Favorite" (the Sage Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict). I loved it (and almost finished all of it.. and I'm a big guy).  It's a bit of a noisy atmosphere, but the staff is totally accommodating and friendly!!  I highly recommend this place (as do most all Yelpers who visit) for breakfast and/or brunch!
I love this place! A group of us went to Vegas this weekend and were looking for good quality food, reasonable pricing and good drinks!! we walked through the whole strip and my boyfriend found them on yelp and we thought we'd give it a shot. This places menu is mind blowing! (similar to 50/50 slaters in pasadena, CA.) I used to live in vegas and this spot was never there.. so thankful to discover this treasure. from now on, on all my Vegas trips I will be coming here. Their also open 24hrs!! prices are very cheap and very large portions. I ordered the sausage w/ gravy biscuits, mashed potato and fruit plate mmmm... so good! everything everybody else ordered I tasted and was excellent as well. Presentation is a 10!!! both thumbs up!
Chicken and bacon filled waffles. Can't go wrong!  Plenty to split a meal!
Holy cow!!! They don't serve your food on a plate, they serve it on a big platter!! So much food that if you're not a big eater, I suggest sharing a plate.. . My husband and I came here with the family and we both got different dishes to share. I ordered the granola waffles with eggs and a side of sausage. At first granola waffles didn't seem to appetizing but I wanted to try something other than the regular vanilla waffles. Every single bite of that granola waffle was yummy!! Every bite tasted fresh and not frozen. . . My husband ordered the chicken and waffles and that tasted fresh as well. The chicken was juicy, nicely seasoned, and did not taste greasy at all! . . This is a hot spot for tourists so if you're coming here I suggest you come early! We went around 11am and the waiting area was crazy! They are also remodeling the hotel so can you imagine we were like a herd of cattle waiting for our party to be called. I think for our party of 7 we waited between 30-45 minutes, but so worth it. Per our waiter, Lawrence- he said the best time to come is on Wednesdays. . . If you have kids, don't bring the strollers if you don't have to. Although the dining area is big, they ask that you leave your stroller behind the hostess area, which is pretty small.. . For the amount of food you get, the price is totally worth every bite! Consider me a fan and next time I'm in town we're definitely eating here again!!
My husband and I came here after hearing all the rave about the place. We walked here all the way from our Hotel New York New York, which wouldn't be such a bad idea, except for the fact that we were almost starving for food and it was so hot. We got to the place finally  and it was PACKED!! People waiting everywhere, it's a bit hidden so I really wasn't expecting such a big wait. We waited 45 minutes for a table. Our waiter was GREAT! I told him I woke up craving a waffle, scrambled eggs, hash browns, and biscuits & gravy. He put something together for me that included all those things but since they don't have hash browns I got country potatoes. Everything was Excellent!!! It was sooo good I wish I could've finished it all. The waffle was HUGE took up the whole plate. Its a big place with a good look and even better food! I will be going back for sure
Incredible! Arrived at 10AM on a Thursday, no wait, seated immediately. Food was outstanding, I recommend splitting a dish between at least two people. Very fresh, fast and delicious
It's now in The Quad! Not imperial palace!. . This was pretty bomb. Most chicken and waffles to me are just bleh... because its literally just chicken... and waffles, neither of which were particularly made special.. . Beware, their portions are HUGE! Sharing is caring!. . -[[ Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles]]-. . The chicken as so juicy and seasoned well!!! I think this is one of the things that make their chicken and waffles so different from others. I've had Roscoes... and its just MEH compared to HHAGG. Their waffles are OMG BOMB!!! It had bacon running through it!! Genius if you ask me!!! The waffles were crispy on the outside and warm and fluffy on the inside. . . -[[ Farm Scrambled ]]-. . The eggs were cooked to perfection and the potatoes were irresistible! . . -------. . This is a great place for an early breakfast or a late night snack after partying a little too hardy.... =) Great comfort food! . . -{{ Overall tastiness experience }}-. . I give it 5 stars for the best chicken and waffles I've ever had.
You know a place is delicious when you go there twice the same day. That's right. We started the day here in the morning and ended the day here late at norther chicken and waffles are amazing, out of this world good. I seriously had to force myself to eat it all since there was no way to take leftovers with me and surprising enough i wasn't bloated... We went again after Recycled Percussion's show(amazing show btw) and we split the waffles between 2. I didn't have the egg Benedict so i cant review on it.
Came here for a friends birthday. Accommodated our large group no problem, gave my friend a free birthday shot, got excellent service and dined on some out of sight Americana. Don't miss on the chicken and waffles, best I've had and probably ever will have in my life!
Bar none, best chicken and waffles I have ever had! My family and I came here to eat while in town, and even before leaving the restaurant, I had to write this review. If anyone says this place isn't good, I'll tell you that they are completely wrong. And the portions are enormous!!Yes, for some people, it might be a bit pricy, but what restaurant in Vegas isn't? Overall, could not ask for a better dining experience.
Awesome as always. Bring an appetite!
best dish is the eggs benedict! plates are huge you can split them for sure. always fast service but always a long wait. . get the bloody marys while you wait
Thank goodness this place hasn't gone anywhere! The Imperial Palace where it's housed is turning into the Quad so I was nervous that I'd lose my beloved Hash House. This place continues to be one of the best eateries in Vegas. It's my consistent breakfast haven for excellent, fresh, tasty food in eye popping portions! Bring your appetite, stretchy pants and be prepared to EAT. . Their veggie hash is one of my favorites but this time I got the brown sugar and banana pancake. This thing needs to come with a side of insulin. The brown sugar is fantastically crispy and caramelized and the bananas soft and sweet-you don't even need syrup on this thing! Since I LOVE sweets though it was perfect!!! . Had a great server who kept us filled with water and coffee and had a great attitude and politeness. I love this place!!
Love hash house!!!!!!!!!! Amazing food ginormous portions and great prices!
Amazing breakfast!! HUGE portions. Corned beef hash & banana pancake is delicious & shareable. Service with Scotty was above & beyond!
Wow, this place was amazing! Ever had that thought when you go to an All-You-Can-Eat Buffet and you're friend packs mountains of food on his/her plate and the only thing you can think of is "O.M.F.G. SO. MUCH. FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD.". . Kinda like that, but you order it.. . One of the places I HAVE to go when I go back to Vegas!!
This is a must eat when in Vegas and has been for every trip I have made. Both times I have gotten the sage fried chicken, once atop an eggs benedict and most recently as the famous chicken and waffles. I highly recommend the chicken and waffles, it's all sorts of food goodness. There's bacon infused in the waffles, the chicken is juicy, fried with corn flakes and drizzled with a hot maple reduction, and topped with fried leeks. Awesome!  A+ for the bloody mary BLT which came topped with an actual make your own BLT, which was a perfect snack while waiting for our food.
What a great place. We first saw it on Man VS Food. We were defiantly turned on buy the portion sizes. We were promptly sat as we walked in and instantly served by our waiter. My wife had a tractor driver with a pancake, I had a tractor driver with a waffle. The bacon was crispy and delicious, and the portions were even bigger then we imagined. And to top it all off we both had a giant glass of milk! The food was great, and our waiter was very prompt and courteous, and we only $33 (not including tip). We will be back!!
This is the place that I have been searching for all my life!!!! I wanted a place that offered a unique culinary experience and boy did we get it here!!! Service was impeccable; Steve was awesome and delivered great service. The wait was 40 min for our group of  9, but it was so darn worth the wait!!! I literally wanted to order everything on the menu; they're known for their hashes and Benedicts. . . Keep in mind that you aren't going to get the traditional Eggs Benedict with hollandaise sauce.  Instead, they create their own special sauce and everything we ordered was delicious! We ordered:. . Sage Chicken Benedict: Crispy Sage infused chicken on top of a mountain of carbs (2 grape size biscuits and mash potatoes) smothered in a creamy Chipotle sauce with sauteed spinach. One word: Heavenly. . . Meat Loaf Hash: Meat loaf was tender and well seasoned. Best part, you didn't overdose from the salt because there was barely any! . . Blueberry Pecan Pancakes are as gigantic as a large pizza and was crispy on the outside and moist and fluffy on the inside. . . Sage Chicken & Bacon Waffles: This meal changed my life. I never understood the hype over Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles or the new Lays Chicken and waffles potatoes chips, but this dish seriously was the best ever!! The sage not only elevated the super juicy and tender chicken, but the fried leeks seriously took the dish to the top level. I wish they had chopped bacon bits throughout the waffle rather than just one strip, but their homemade maple syrup wasn't overly sweet, so the juxtaposition of sweet and salty was like an explosion in your mouth.  . . We are definitely coming back here every time we're in Vegas.
Just returned from a great trip to Las Vegas.  We won enough money to cover all of our expenses and some purchases.  Regardless of how good our luck was, the part I cannot stop thinking about was Hash House a Go Go.  . . We are returning to Las Vegas in October and will for sure be eating here again, at least one time.  On our trip my wife has the Biscuits & Gravy while I had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles.  Both of these were fantastic, as well as our server (she may have been the bartender?) Kye.  . . Couple things to know:. . -You may not get your food at the same time at the table (they do not have heat lamps).  Our server told us this up front, we couldn't care less.. . -The portions were ridiculously huge.  I can take down a TON of food, and i could not finish my waffles (probably could have had I not ate a bunch of my wife's food).. . -The drinks, (in comparison to other specialty drinks in LV) were fairly priced - $8 for 20oz.  I had the Champagne Supernova with my breakfast and thought it was wonderful.. . We have been to probably 30+ restaurants on the strip ranging from uber expensive to very cheap.  Overall this is the most pleased I have been at any restaurant in LV, and I cannot wait to go back.  I was referred by my brother (much more of a foodie than I) as he thought t was awesome, and I have heard from other friends (after the fact) that they loved this place too.
Awesome food and only had to wait 15 minutes or so.  I highly recommend you take the time to check it out.
This place is thee best place to get large portions with little price to pay. It reminds me of Claimjumpers but cheaper.
This is one of my favorite places to eat. Everything on the menu is absolutely amazing and you get huge portions! My favorite is the tractor driver (gigantic pancake with eggs)...yum:) Their drink menu is also a must see. . This location has a much bigger kitchen which means less of a wait time than the one on Sahara! Come check it out..you won't be disappointed.
I absolutely loooved this place!  The food is fairly price and they give you large portions.  I had the chicken biscuits with sausage gravy and cheddar cheese eggs which is my favorite brunch menu item.  When me and the hubby go back to Vegas, we are definitely going to hit up this spot again!
We went here for brunch and let me just say Delicious my husband and I had the famous Andy's sage fried chicken Benedict and the banana flapjacks . The meal fed both of us . The flapjacks also fed both of us amazing Definitely going to keep coming back here every time I'm in Vegas . I forgot the waitresses name but she did a outstanding job in customer service
Good food and great service. Big portions. Shared Andy's sage fried chicken Benedict with my husband, and we didn't even finish it.
So good for brunch. I have previously went to the location at the M Hotel, located south before the strip. The menu provides Indiana style plates. This time around I ordered the chicken and waffles and Andy's Sage Fried Chicken. Both hit the spot for flavor. The pineapple mimosa is great to compliment your meal. Hash House A Go Go is best for sharing. No one should order two of the same because it's best to have everything at the table different to get a variety from the menu. You and your friends can create your own mini buffet at your table. Family style - yummy!!! . . Quick tip - waiting time isn't so bad, but to make it interesting, I suggest to order a Bloody Mary.
Awesome food!! Had to laugh that they tote that they don't have microwaves and heat lamps. One of the best chicken salad sandwiches ever.
Heard lots of buzz about the place and I see why...the portions were huge, but that's good by me. I'm also very understanding so it takes quite the mess up to make me give terribly low ratings. Things like the establishment being too loud or having "outdated decor" won't ruin my meal. After all, it's Vegas. If you want a quiet breakfast, go to Reno. Food was great, service was good. No complaints here at all, will be back
HASH HOUSE A GO GO IS A MUST GO GO!. . I have died and gone to fried chicken & eggs benidict heaven! . . Their portions are huge we ordered 3 plates and for 4 girls it was way too much. I love the little decorative trees they put in the biscuits and speaking of biscuits HOLY CRACK BALLS! SMAAAACCCKIN! The service is on point too. . . You gotta order the fried chicken and eggs benidict, chorizo and hash and their fluffy SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO good waffles. NOW THATS A PARTY IN YO MOUF!
I came here on a recommendation and what a great recommendation it was!. . The food here is spectacular and the portion sizes are humongous! My husband got the chicken and waffles and he loved it! I got the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict (as seen on Man vs. Food) and oh my goodness, it was out of this world amazang! We also got Watermelon lemonades which were delicious! The lemonades had so much more flavor than we anticipated and they weren't too too sweet. Definitely try one if you go!. . The service was excellent. The waiters are very casual, talkative and friendly, making the experience very laid back and relaxed. The restaurant was well kept and all the dishes were spotless. Gotta love a super clean restaurant! . . The ambiance is relaxed, like I said, casual dining. There are pictures of celebrities that have visited Hash House A Go Go around the entrance, which is really cool to see.. . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is going to Vegas and I woulddefinitely go back as well.
Food is awesome, portions are absurdly huge, and the service is usually on point. That said, this is my go-to spot for a 1pm breakfast after a serious Vegas hangover, the only complaint I have is that the music is obnoxiously loud and has a nasty effect of intensifying the hangover...still worth a 5 star though. Definitely worth a visit if you've never checked it out!
My girlfriend and I just recently visited this place multiple times over our week-long stay at the Quad Hotel and it hit the mark every time.  Pretty much everything you could realistically want form a solid breakfast/brunch heavy place.  It's fantastic that they serve a certain amount (quite a lot actually) of their breakfast menu all day, and that they are available in the hotel as the room service option.  In addition to the great food, the portions are insanely generous creating a great value for the customer.  Finally, our server, Krystie, was pretty fantastic the whole time and took great care of us...I highly recommend getting sat in her section!
Great food! The portions were huge and came out like a piece of art!. . Food tasted amazing, definitely not your typical chicken and waffles or eggs benedict. Chicken was juicy and waffles came with bacon cooked in it! Eggs Benedict had fresh tomatoes and spinach!
Amazing!  Great service and fabulous food!!  Will be back for sure!!  We ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffles.  So good, huge portions and affordable..
Yum! So good! It's a good thing that you have to walk a lot on The Strip or else it's easy to gain 10 lbs. from this place!
NOMMERS!!!  When I have visitors in town this is the place we go.  Always!  It's all good.  Chicken and Waffles, Chicken Pot Pie, Biscuits and Honey!  So good.  I could complain that I've had some poor waiters in the past, but never see them twice.
Dined here multiple times. Both at the bar and in the dining room. Last time we were a party of ten. The servers were great, food was awesome and there was plenty to share! Overall, prices are fair and many different tastes can be accommodated..
We absolutely LOVE this place.  Kye and Sassy are great up at the bar.  Food is delish and plenty of it.  Spiked Watermellon/Lemonade is to die for.
My husband and I ate here last night, it was so different and creative the way  they stacked the food. It was also great tasting with excellent service from our waiter Andrew.
Damn the food was amazing and OMG server Nancy was the best server I had in years (and that's not putting any extras on it) she made my experience good and was great help with the menu and letting me know that the stuff was gonna be big so I might wanna share...but I don't lol, so I hope the bump Nancy up in the company because she deserve it...sweet, patient and knows the menu well....I'll be back prolly for dinner again before I head back LA California. Jus hope the food taste great like last night and I get the same server
Thanks to yelp we found out about this place. We decided to try it and OMG it is delicious. Thank you yelp for this wonderful suggestion. We had a pomegranate mimosa and the tractor driver combo with spike kiwi watermelon lemonade. The service was great too. Alex our waiter was on it. He was attentive to our needs and offered great suggestions. He was the best waiter we have had in awhile.
This place is amazing! Best breakfast I have ever had. I don't usually write reviews but this is well deserved. They cook everything to order so you have to waiting a littlelonger but it's totally worth the wait. I had Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. Twice. It was that good. I recommend that you share. The portions are huge and there is more than enough for two. My husband had the meatloaf hash. It was by far the best meatloaf either one of us had ever had. I would order it and I don't ever eat meatloaf. The prices are great. Hash House A Go Go is definitely one of the cheapest places we ate at our stay in Vegas. I would go again and again and again. The service was good the food is great! I completely recommend!
I did a search on Yelp last week about the best breakfast in Vegas and this place came up. Since it was located next door to my hotel we were eager to try it. . . Thursday morning - line out the door, so we skipped it. Saturday morning - line down the stairs, so we skipped it. Monday morning - line out the door, but decided to stay.  The line moved surprisingly quick. . . There were 4 of us at the table and the server was really great. I asked her what she recommended and she went through some things and gave great input. She even suggested that each couple could split a meal and there would be plenty of food to spare. . . But being the gluttons we are, we wanted to try many things so we each ordered something different. What ensued was maybe the best breakfast I've ever had. Everybody loved everything and there was indeed too much food, but it was worth it. . . I also feel it's one of the finer values on the Strip as far as cost. ~$15pp for the best breakfast you're likely to ever have is a bargain.
Food was delicious! Portions were huge! Service was alright.
Ordered the Man V Food favorite: . . On the bottom, a thick bed of bacon mashed potatoes. On top of that a nice big biscuit covered with gravy. Then fresh spinach, tomatoes and thick cut bacon. Two fried chicken breasts smothered in mozzarella, and scrambled eggs on top, all drenched with copious amounts of gravy. It was outstanding. And no, I did not finish it. I left two slices of tomato uneaten. No sense being a damned pig about it.
Talk about heart attack on a plate. By far one of the best experiences I've had for a hearty meal. There is a good amount of items you can choose from and make sure you go with a big group of people. I really like this place and it is definitely a go back to restaurant if you ever come back to Vegas!. . Located at the Quad, this place is pretty bombay. I always wanted to try it and finally we were able to! Just to let you know, a plate of this would probably feed a family of 4 and maybe more. The portions are gigantic and full of flavor. It is definitely not for you if you're on a no carb diet LOL. I ordered a burger and a since we went in a big group, we had the pork tenderloin cutlet, man v food sage chicken, chicken pot pie, and benedicts. Everything was delicious, but my suggestion is stay away from the burgers and try something new! The burger I had was a typical burger but it was huge. The tenderloin cutlet was delicious and will be ordering that next time I go to hash house! But yes guys, you have to try this place!
I wish I found this place my first day out in Vegas because I would've ate here every day.   I was staying at the MGM which didn't have to many breakfast spots near it except for Denny's and the buffet. I then searched on Yelp for other breakfast spots in walking distance because I was tired of eating at the buffet for breakfast.  I then came across Hash House a Go Go on Yelps search results.  When I saw the name it made me think.... wait I've heard of this place before.  The reviews for this place were amazing and I did a little research to check and see where/how I might have heard of this place.  I then came across a food blog that mentioned them being featured on Food Networks show Diners Drive-ins & Dives.  That's when I remembered where I had seen this place before.  We then took a looooooonnnnnnnnnng walk down Las Vegas blvd to the Quad hotel so that I could indulge in the goodness I remember seeing on Food Network and also the pics that were uploaded to Yelp.  When we arrived the wait didn't take that long due to it being only two of us.  I'm sure if it was 3 or more we would've had a much longer wait.  After quickly skimming through the menu I instantly knew what I wanted to order.  I asked the waiter what he would recommend and he stated that everyone comes in for the Andy's Sage Fried chicken.  We ordered the Andy's Sage Fried chicken and the corned beef house hash.  When the orders arrived I couldn't believe the amount of food they give you for the price.  I mean this was like a mountain of food for two.  My order arrived in a cast iron skillet with eggs on the bottom piled with potato hash and the house made corned beef and Swiss cheese on top with a homemade biscuit.  I then took a bite of my corned beef with Swiss cheese and man o man.  That was some of the best corned beef I've had in a long time. Everything was well seasoned and fresh straight from the farm I'll like to add. I didn't get a chance to taste the Sage fried chicken but it looked amazing. I honestly couldn't eat my entire meal.  Might I add the prices were not crazy either.  My meal was $12 and the Sage fried chicken meal was $15. After leaving I wanted to kick myself in the a$$ for not coming here earlier during my stay. I could have ate here every morning for half the price of a buffet while leaving stuffed like I ate at a buffet.  This is a perfect example of "if you knew better you'll do better".  I will be back again Vegas and when I return I will be eating breakfast, lunch, dinner at HHGG.
Excellent fried green tomatoes, and I usually don't even care for tomatoes, salmon was awesome as well. The gigantic portions made me give it 5 stars.
Greet good in huge amounts with good service and cool ambience:  Farm to Fork with an eclectic twist!. . Must have:  Sage Chicken & Waffles.. . Added bonus:  spicy peppered Bloody Mary bar at entrance for your enjoyment while you wait for your table to be called.. . What else can be said? Great product for the price.
It started with seeing Hash House A Go Go on a Vegas website. Then found out it was a Man VS Food stop, which if you know me, know that I had to go once I heard that. We stopped in for breakfast and we got there just in time. When we walked up there were only 2 people in the restaurant. When we left there were about 20 people waiting to get in. we were greeted by an excellent server, who definitely knew his shit. He was on it with recommendations, suggestions, asking what stuff we liked. He was awesome.  We ordered some drinks that came with boba straws in them, which in my opinion gets you drunk faster.  More liquid quicker. We ended up splitting a dish and I am glad we did because they give you a mountain of food. We got the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit. First of all, the chicken breast was bigger than my hand. Second it is the best fried chicken I have ever had... Sorry KFC.  The seasonings in the batter was perfect and the maple made the chicken breast so tender. The chicken was sitting on top of 4 bacon strips that topped a mountain of thick mashed potatoes. Added to the plate were 2 eggs, and fruit all over the dish, a biscuit that honestly didn't need any butter or jam. It was moist and very flavorful on its own. I added a couple of pork sausage links because I didn't really that they made plates to feed mountain men. But those were really good also. I really don't think I could complain anything at all for this place. Perfect service, mouth watering food and cute atmosphere. I think I am going to make it a point to go back every trip to Vegas and try something different.
Outstanding food and service! I don't watch reality tv, but my boss told me to try this place. I was blown away by the special (as featured on Man V. Food - if that means anything to you). Delicious! The only thing better than the dish was the server. Tharon was an awesome waiter. I love attention to detail. And he provided that and then some! I'll be back soon to try some other dishes!
Ok folks, I know this restaurant is good only based on 1 item lol Ive been here 3 times and ordered the Fried Chix Eggs Benny everytime. Biscuits, cheese, bacon, tomatoes, spinach, chipotle sauce and succulent moist fried chicken. The most twisted, delicious and savory dish for breakfast ever! With a superior quality that doesnt go down I had the same dish 3 times and was wanting more with a full stomach haha Ill be back in Vegas again soon just to try the Pancakes, French toast and all the other delicious items! I want the whole menu haha
Incredible. Just wow. I wish I could give more stars, and that I had more space in my stomach to try more of the menu.. . My boyfriend and I both got stuffed burgers--mine had bacon, cheddar, and avocado, and his had bacon and mashed potatoes. I'd also like to add what I though was a smear of ketchup on the side of the plate was actually barbecue sauce with a soy sauce base, and it was mind-blowing. It was one of those meals where we didn't speak to each other, just chewed and went 'mmmmmmm' a lot.. . By the end of the meal, he said next time we go to Vegas, we're staying at The Quad, just so we can be closer to HHAGG.. . (Also, we went on a Thursday afternoon in October and there were only a few other people, so if you want to avoid the lines, this might be a way!)
ok - Im not sure I can do justice to the place - simply put - Just get your butt in and find out. Its well worth the weight and go hungry and consider sharing entrees or making sure you have a refrigerator in your room. The portions are huge but not in a way that it feels commercially done. I went for the basic chicken and waffles - but the others in our group loved the meatloaf .
Drinks...AMAZING!  Food....Amazing! The dining experience a Sure Bet in Vegas. . Drinks...AMAZING!  Food....Amazing! Prices...Awesome!  The dining experience a Sure Bet in Vegas
Amazing and creative breakfast!  We will make it required stop every trip to Vegas!
Five stars for awesome food. Huge portions it's ridiculous how much is on one plate. You can seriously share with three people. Anyways I went here last year during the summer time with my cousins around the time of my 20th birthday. Yes 20 years in Vegas (nothing to do) lol when we ate here our waiter dropped my sisters food near her and ended up in her hair I remember her hair smelled like syrup lol But it wasn't a big deal. He made my sister a new chicken and waffles plate (huge portion and so delish). Over all good service , great tasting plates and good restaurant vibe. I recommend this place to anyone who go to Vegas.
Always our favorite place for breakfast when we are in Las Vegas. If you love home cooking this is your place. The menu has a variety of items that are specials...try them! The service is great as is the food!
Hash House isa must every time I'm in Las Vegas. Every pancake they make is better than any other pancake I've ever had. The French toast is fantastic. The portion sizes are usually more than anyone can eat, but it doesn't hurt to try. I also recommend the meatloaf sandwich is you're their for dinner. The customer service is always good, and the food is delivered promptly.
Every time we come to Vegas, Hash House is one of our top priorities! They simply have the best food, best portions and fabulous drinks. How can you go wrong with food featured on Man vs Food?!. . The amount of food in one meal is definitely enough for two people, so order wisely unless you want leftovers. The bf and I learned after our first visit to just order one plate with a side. . . The BLT Bloody Mary is my favorite brunch cocktail of all time! It has the perfect amount of spice and they even include a mayo packet in case you want to make a BLT out of the garnish. . . The wait is a pain, but our friend was a Diamond member of the rewards club at the casino, so we bypassed the line completely. Score!
Open 24hrs we hit it twice dinner and breakfast it's at the quad awesome crazy amounts of food made fresh sooo good pictures to follow and it wasn't super busy on a Saturday night and the place is huge
Goodness! A couple fair warnings for yall.. . 1) You are going to have to wait. Not only for the long line which seems to be the norm, but also for the food.  The waitress will tell you ahead of time that they make all their food fresh and it'll come out as soon as it's done so it won't sit under heat lamps or anything. From the time you order, the wait could be equal to if not more than the wait to get seated.. . 2) HUGE portions. It'd be safe to order one thing for every two people since the portions are so huge. Unless you were as hungry as I was, in which I nearly killed my whole plate.. . I ordered the Fried Chicken Benedict.  It was amazeballs.  Biscuits, fried chicken, eggs, cheese, bacon, chipotle gravy...not much to complain about.  I was going hard at it but hit a wall with probably 1/4 left.  This was also called the Man vs Food dish.. . Great place, great food.  I'd go back, just not in the summer when the pools are open ;)
This place is seriously amazing after a lengthy wait due to our large party we were seated I ordered a blt mary.  Nothing like getting a sandwich inside your drink ...you must be patient especially if you have a bigger table but everything is 100% worth it hands down one of the best places I've ever been to !!!
Wow!!! You Yelpers have yet to fail me. We got into Vegas early in the morning and decided once we checked in we'd go have breakfast and walk around and skip lunch as we were saving ourselves for our buffett dinner.Having not been to Vegas in 4 years I had no idea where the heck the Quad was. We kept walking and walking (we stayed at the Wynn Encore) my brother in law said "You just want to go to Dennys?" I said "We did not come to Vegas to go to Dennys!" We walked maybe two more minutes and there was the Quad. We checked in and only had to wait about 5min for a table. As we were being walked to the table we were all looking at everyones plate. Amazing! We saw a lot of Chicken and Waffles! I can't eat that much so I just ordred an egg and toast. My husband ordred the Chroizo and Jalapeno hash.. I ate off his plate too.. OMG, sooo tasty. He also ordered a Bloody Mary.. Holy Cow, the best Bloody Mary in Las Vegas by far! I ordered one to go! Our breakfast was amazing. Great place, wonderful and warm service.. You can bet we will be back! Can't wait!!
Tip: show up early!!!!!!  The largest pancake I have ever seen. No microwaves here. Everything is fresh. Food arrives in huge black skillet. Delicious. If you are in Vegas, do not pass up Hash House.
So good. I recommend the andy's sage fried chicken eggs benedict (Man Vs Food favorite). Order one and it will feed 2. Delicious!
This is our go to for drunk food they are open 24 hours. We go here everytime we come to vegas and the service and food never dissapoint. Their servings are enormous so sharing would be ideal. Your first time try the chicken and waffles. Its a must! The waffle has a bacon piece in it and the dish looks exactly how they promote it.. . The sage fried chicken benedict is ridiculous in size. And it is awesome. Seems like 3 times the size of a dennys or ihop meal haha.  It comes with two pieces of chicken. . Good luck going here for breakfast its way packed and you will probabaly wait 30 to 45 minutes. This is why I would go during dinner or after the club when there is no wait if you want to try this place.
Always packed. A clear indication that it is just that great!. . Must try the chicken and waffle! The waffle has freaking bacon in them! Oh man I'm already salivating while writing this review.. . Portions are huge! The manfriend and I shared the chicken and waffle and we were good. Btw we eat a lot! :D. . For you folks that live in vegas, you guys are lucky! :). . Can't wait to be back~
Second time my husband and I have eaten at Hash House at the Quad and it was excellent!  We had breakfast the first time and the garlic mashed potatoes were amazing.  I'm a vegetarian and there were lots of choices on the menus, my husband is not and he as well had an abundance of choices! . . This time we went for dinner and again they didn't disappoint!  I had the squash risotto and my husband had the HH meat loaf. Everything was delicious as well as the tangerine mimosa and my husband's Bloody Mary was perfection! . . Now, I really want to commend our excellent server Scott!  Let me tell you that young man deserves a raise!!  He was so knowledgeable about the menu and all things Hash House and that's because he's been a long time and loyal employee!!  He was so friendly attending to our table and really made the second time there our favorite!  . . Give that young man a raise Hash House A Go Go he is an asset to your restaurant!!
Fried chicken and waffles were off the hook.  Dishes are definitely large enough to split.  Great food, beautifully presented, terrific service.  The wait is definitely worth it.
Unbelievably delicious.. So convenient for our crew too because we stayed in The Quad for our Vegas trip, AND Hash House is open 24 hours!! The wait was a little long for us (but we were also a party of 12) but it was worth it. . . I ordered the ham, spinach and cheddar scramble. Now if you like omelets, the scramble is the way to go. It was delicious! SUCH HUGE PORTIONS TOO!!! *see picture below* . . It is definitely a good amount of food for the price you pay. I was also told the chicken and waffles was insanely good too.
This is one of the few must-do's in LV, IMHO. On my recent man-cation, we chowed down here 3x in 5 days. Dinner/lunch options are good, but go here for Bkft.. . Lots of great Bkft options. The Scrambles & the Hashes are good, but my 2 recs are the Andy's chicken benedict and the Banana pancake. HUGE portions. Coffee drinks are very tasty (try "The Smores") and are better and priced similarly to a froofy Starbucks drink.. . For dinner, their burgers are good, meatloaf linguini rocks, the crabcakes are phenom, and the hammerred pork is unbelievably ginormous and pretty good. The Kokimo sandwich was a little disappointing. Prices are fairly cheap.. . TIP: get there before 9am on weekends to avoid a 30-45 minute wait. They take RSVPs 24hrs or more in advance Sun-Thursday. They are open 24/7!!! A great place to end a late night in Vegas...
Great staff!! It's seems like there's always at least a 30 min wait to be seated but the staff gets people in quickly (long lines=good food).. . Our waitress was very helpful. She explained the menu to my fiance and I and gave us recommendation on some of the more popular dishes and her personal favorites. . . The portions are very big so you will not be leaving hungry or unsatisfied. Everything is prepared fresh, starting with the freshly squeezed orange juice all the way down to the jam to put on your biscuits.
Great staff. Food was excellent and large portions. Will go back next time we are in Vegas.
Huge portions!  Had the fried chicken eggs benedict.  Eggs and fried chicken on top of biscuits, tomato and mashed potatoes with a chipotle cheese sauce covering.  It was so good!  Easily could have shared this, but I gave it a good effort and finished a bit over half.  Pancakes and waffles also looked great.  Make sure you go there very hungry!
Seriously, this place is heaven on earth... DO NOT LEAVE after you see the wait... it is WORTH IT! Wait the 45 min to an hour, you will not be disappointed. . . Definitely ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles... The waffles have bacon in them. Let me repeat myself...the WAFFLES have BACON in them.  It was seriously amazing.  My dad got the same thing as me, my mom had the Chicken Benedict... also phenomenal, and HUGE.  My sister isn't as much of an "eater" that we are, an d she opted for oatmeal with fruit... Well this was the biggest bowl of oatmeal I had EVER seen, and she was extremely satisfied. . . Don't plan on finishing your food here, because it would just be near impossible, but don't split your food, its part of the experience.  The drinks are awesome as well.  Do plan on having your camera, trust you are going to want to remember the moment you ate the largest plate of chicken and waffles you have ever seen! :)
One word, DELICIOUS! . . This place is amazing and it's located upstairs in the Quad. The Quad is a new casino/hotel, previously the Imperial Palace. They're still renovating the place, but the restaurant is established.. . I was a little worried there would be a wait, but I guess we went early enough that we avoided any wait at all. Yay! We were seated right away. Our server was wonderful. He was enthusiastic about the food and making sure we had a good dining experience. . . The Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffle was overwhelming and so good. Personally I never had chicken and waffles before. The combo just sounded weird to me, but damn this was good. Hash House a Go Go has taken my chicken and waffles virginity. Now I don't think anything else can compare. You must get this when you're here! . . We also order a duck dish which was good too. All the food they offer is creative and flavorful. I did notice something though. Does the own have some kind of obsession with rosemary? There's a sprig of rosemary on every dish. LOL~
Has House A Go Go makes sin taste so good! . . Being from Indianapolis it was quite interesting to see this "Twisted Farm Food", which was every bit of delicious. Granted, we don't really eat like neanderthals in Indy it was perfect. . . My fiance and I both enjoyed the Kiwi Watermelon lemonades - beautifully made with an even better taste. . . Him: My hubby got the rosemary chicken skillet (something like that) which was an absolutely delectable serving of roasted chicken, fried potatoes, egg and turkey bacon. The chicken was perfectly seasoned with flavorful rosemary and paired with perfectly cooked potatoes, being served in a sizzling hot skilled. My hubby is a cop-out and got scrambled eggs (so you can't really mess that up). . . Me: I had a "Tractor Platter" with french toast which was perfectly seasoned with egg and cinnamon, and topped with powdered sugar (yum!). The best thing, the french toast wasn't some tiny piece of bread but real Texas toast - this was in turn served with delicious crispy shredded hash browns (cooked to perfection), which for some reason no other restaurant can seem to get hash brown crispy. Kudos to Hash House A Go Go on that. The final part of my dish was fantastic - a serving of fresh fruit, a banana sliced long, and a couple slices of orange. The banana was a great surprise because, they actually threw it on the grill, which was a taste of perfection. It enhanced the sweetness of the banana without completely caramelizing it. (It was so great that my hubby almost lost his finger because he couldn't stop munching on it). . Overall Hash House A Go Go is a definite must while visiting Vegas (I absolutely fell in love with this place) - and will certainly be back on my next trip to Sin City.
Tried Hash House a Go Go based on Yelp and Frommer's Guide recommendations. The smores hot chocolate was quite tasty- if a little weird when stray chunks of soggy graham cracker ended up in the swallow. Vanilla waffles were very good, as was the Andy's sage chicken breakfast.  Portions are gigantic- two could easily share one meal. Prices very reasonable for such a large meal on the strip. Definitely recommend coming here, but as another reviewer said, iPhone map didn't work well. Find the Quad and follow signs once inside. No wait at 8:00 AM for us.
We have eaten at HHAGG twice. There portions are enormous AND delicious. We have both eaten something different on each occasion and are yet to be disappointed. The use of spices and food combinations, although very different, are absolutely amazing! You will not be disappointed.
Ate here on 12/12. The wife got the CARAMEL ALL OVER MY MOCHA very good and big! I got the SMORES COFFEE drink. Very good. It had marshmallow fluff that was torched and served with graham crackers and lots of chocolate sauce. We shared the MAN VS FOOD favorite SAGE CHICKEN BENEDICT! Very good and plenty of food for 2. Service was great as well.
We decided to grab brunch before we headed back to Phoenix-- so glad that we did! I suggested this place to my husband and when he heard about some of the foods they offer up, he agreed to walk 2 miles up the strip from the Luxor to grab a meal before we left for home. . We waited about 15-20 minutes a little before noon on a Monday. Not bad. Our waiter Nathaniel was really friendly, and let us know that the portions a big and it's okay to share. I love that they don't charge a split plate fee- I don't like restaurants that do. However, we decided to both get a meal so we could try more things. My husband went with the chicken and waffles, and I had the french toast with eggs and bacon on the side. Everything was so yummy!! We had left overs, so yes, you really can share and be plenty full. The prices were good, and brunch ran us $35 plus tip.
Everyone in my party enjoyed the food. Especially the quantity you get for the price. 1 hour long wait to be seated and 45 minute wait to be served our food. Party of 7. Still loved it!
Amazing food and well worth the wait.If you are hungry, I highly recommend this spot! Everything is made from scratch and not microwave. Anytime you are in Vegas , you will need to experience excellent food.
What an amazing place. Came here twice in 3 days. Gargantuan portions so think about sharing a plate if you're not totally starving.  $6 bloody marys which were to die for. Afforfable, great fast service, kick ass cheap drinks, what's not too love? Oh yeah, dishes are so creative looking and delicious!
Hubby had sage chicken and waffles..awesome presentation.  I had caramel, banana, pecan french toast with mashed hash browns(omg), and scram eggs.  THE OJ was sooooo good!  Service was great and it filled our bellies! We will be back!
You must come here at least once. Just come very hungry as the plates are very HUGE. They are very generous with their portions. Honestly, I forgot the name of what I ordered. One day I had their version of Eggs Benedict and on another day one of their burgers. Both times, I just told the waiter to surprise me with whatever he wanted as long as it was either a burger on one day and on the other day Eggs Benedict. He delivered and were both scrumptious. I eat and I couldn't finish either dish in its entirety. On the weekends, be prepared to wait for a table until your name is called. Considering, it's not really a large restaurant. During the weekdays you should have no problems being seated right away.
Stopped here for a 1am dinner/breakfast! The red pepper and mozzarella burger was delicious, and so was the cucumber ranch dressing on my house salad. The portions are huge! . My sister had the French toast and it was also very yummy. Definitely returning on my next trip to Vegas!
Awsome place. Very good food. Everyone is nice and accomodating. Took a little while to sit as we had a bigger group but eric was very good server!!! Highly recommended!!
Seriously the best brunch spot in Las Vegas! This is such a popular spot that you almost always have to wait 30+ minutes for a table, but it's so worth it :) . . My favorite item from here is the sage chicken and waffles. The waffles have BACON in them! And the chicken is just phenomenal! As you may have read from other reviews, these come in a HUGE portion. It's literally 3 meals for me, no joke! I've also tried the blueberry flapjack. The flapjack is the size of a pizza!! It tastes like just your ordinary pan cake, so nothing special there. Something else I've tried is their French toast. They should rename this "French bricks" because that's the size of these toasts!! I also love ordering the watermelon lemonade! So yummy! . . Overall, I LOVE dining at Hash House A Go Go :)
Had the best corned beef hash ever! It was so fresh! It came with two eggs as well.. . Mom ordered the eggs with a pancake and sausage.. . Boyfriend had the man vs. food Sage fried chicken Benedict and it was hugeeee!. . Only downside was the 45 minute wait bc of it's popularity. . . Huge portions and great food.
Best breakfast I've ever had! Got seated right away at the bar. Will definitely be back!
Sure, it will clog your arteries and increase the diabetic population, but you only live once, right?!?!. . We ended up at this place because we were trying to get to the other location near Main Street, but the GPS took us for a twist.. . As soon as we got there, we were hooked.  In the entryway, they had Bloody Mary's that you could purchase and drink while you waited for your table.  The place was packed, but a VERY GOOD bloody mary while you wait makes the line a heck of a lot shorter!. . Once we got in, I ordered the Pistachio Mocha and she ordered the Smores Latte--both delicious and exactly what we were looking for.  The mocha was iced and very sweet--just the way I like it.  The flavor was good and the chocolate didn't drown out the pistachio--I don't think I could have asked for anything better!  The latte was hot and slightly less sweet--just the way she likes it.. . For the meal we ordered the veggie skillet thing (mushrooms, artichokes, sundried tomatoes, potatoes, spinach).  I can't remember what it was called, but it was by far the healthiest thing on the menu.  The portion size was large and it was great to see them load up the veggies and not just inundate the skillet with potatoes like other places tend to do to cut on costs.. . As a second dish, we ordered the Chicken and Waffles.  I have had chicken and waffles, but this was by far the best I have had.  First off, the chicken was deboned--which means you just cut into it and eat--no need to chomp through cartilage or cut around bones to get to the meat.  Second, the batter wasn't too thick or excessive and complemented the chicken perfectly.  Third, the chicken was cooked PERFECTLY--probably brine-soaked before they deep fried it because it was plump, juicy, and pretty much just a perfect piece of chicken.  Lastly, the waffle was cooked well, and right in the middle of each piece of waffle was a few slices of bacon, which was an awesome surprise to an already great meal.. . In the end, there was no room for dessert, but by that time, I was sold on this place and can't wait to get back here to eat again!. . Happy Eating!
Absolutely delicious!!! It's less of a wait with a small party but it's worth every minute! The service was good too. Get the chicken and waffles!!
