Excellent food for a good price. Would highly recommend to anyone for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Love the Ahi Tuna burgers -  cannot forget to mention those garlic fries.
Got to get the fried zuc. Best anywhere.
omg what more can i say about this place i ate here on a recent vacation and thought the food was amazing i love the way the restaurant was set up it made eating there enjoyable the portions are huge and yeah its expensive if you eat with more than two people but i think its worth it  defiantly a place i would eat at again  :)
This place is awesome!!!. . I love their bbq bleu cheese burger. They have awesome fries, their bathrooms and really cool and I like all of the condiments available to help yourself with.. . Last but not least the atmosphere and ambience are amazing! I live this place.
Wow! The fontina burger, onion rings, and pumpkin shake! Cannot say enough good things about them. This place has made it into my top 10!
I was visiting my parents for Father's Day Weekend and always wanted to take them to Joe's after seeing it on Food Network. It was great! The ahi tuna sandwich totallylived up to what I saw on the show! Everyone loved their food and we will definitely be back again one day!
I love this place. The atmosphere is great, the food is delish! Plus, they have sweet potato fries, my favorite!!
Another favorite for its homegrown and fresh ingredients. Great family place to sit and enjoy the atmosphere and company! Thanks to Guy Fieri for pointing this one out!
INCREDIBLE food, relaxed/great atmosphere, perfect to bring kids/family...the cheeseburger, shredded bbq pork sandwich, sweet potatoes- too die for! Must try! Worth the drive!
We live close by and are in joes all the time.  Great place to eat!
if this is your first time order from the items highlighted on the menu.  I was in PHX for one night and went based on yelp reviews.  My father and I ordered from the featured items (to DIE for Ahi Tuna sandwich and sweetpotato fries for me) and the others in our party did not.  We were munching away totally happy not to be eating at yet another identikit chain joint while they miserably played with their food.
This place is like a breath of fresh air tucked away in the land of Agritopia of Gilbert. I love this place mainly for its:. . 1. Picnic tables outside. 2. Its a perfect place to take an informal date, kids night out, or solo. 3. The menu has some variety although the burgers are its main staple. 4. Its got a coffee shop, bistro right next door. It's a completely different yet the same vibe. The younger folk generally hang out here. Great coffee.. 5. They appreciate our country's VETS! On Vet appreciation night :-)
I love this place!  We ordered everything that was featured on Diner, Dives and Drives.  I know what you're thinking, what groupies we are?  Couldn't help it.. . Onion rings were great, even the next day as I nuked them up in the toaster oven. . . You must try the garlic fries.  I simply could not have enough of the garlic fries.  I'd be happy if I can just have the garlic fries, next time.  . . My husband loved the fontina burger. . . I liked the ahi sandwich, but I wish it was a bit more rare.  It said 'rare' on the menu but it not the sushi kind of rare (barely grilled on each side kind of rare).  It's a tad more cooked than to my liking.  The asian coleslaw is not your typical kind of coleslaw.  They add a very nice touch to it, making it light, with a slight asian flavor, but the maker is the mild wasabi mayo.  The mayo simply put, is the BOMB!!. . The pizza was also good, could have used a little bit less of the bbq sauce.. . We'll definitely be back!
My sister introduced us to Joe's Farm Grill, it's right by her house.  We've been here for breakfast and dinner and the food is delish!  What makes it so great is that everything they make is fresh from their farm, the restaurant sits on the actual farm.  Everything on the menu is good, my favorite is the Fontina Burger and when I order it with the beet salad instead of fries.  I also love their sweet potato fries and their breakfast is also great.  The prices and serving sizes are reasonable you never leave this place feeling stuffed and heavy.  I highly recommend it!!
I love this place! Sit outside on a gorgeous day, picnic style with your friends. Great for families, kids, big. Parties, or even a lunch date. My friends devoured their burgers, the salads were really fresh and delicious, and the chicken salad sandwich was super yummy. . Also head to the coffee shop part where you can get the yummiest baked goods and coffee. (the cupcakes are soo good)
A friend took me here for our weekly lunch and it was a really cool dining experience.  It's very no fuss, it's set up like a fast food place, you look at the menu on the wall then order from the person behind the window.  Then they give you a buzzer that will go off when your food is ready while you go pick a place outside to eat.  The food is amazing!  You can tell how fresh everything is and it's cooked great too.  I can't wait to go back and get another great burger!
I completed a tri-facta over the weekend.   Ate at all three of Joe's eating establishments.    If you have not eaten at Joe's Farm Grill; you are in for a real treat.    The onion rings are great; had ahi tuna sandwich [great]; the food is well above average and it is a great place to eat outside and enjoy the country; not much of that left in the Valley.     I highly recommend you visit Joe's the next time you are hungry for some good food at very reasonable prices.
My roommate has been telling me about this awesome place and their amazing Ahi Tuna Sandwich. She's been talking non stop about it so last weekend she decided to take me. I immediately liked the place because it was surrounded by so much green grass lol. It just had that different feel to it like your someplace else and not surrounded by the lame desert.... So of course I had to try the Ahi Tuna Sandwich and instead of getting fries with it I substituted it with the beets salad and got myself the strawberry lemonade. At first I was a bit skeptical about the sandwich just cuz I don't like the idea of fish in my sandwich but all I gotta say is just WOW! The sandwich literally just melts in your mouth! and the wasabi mayo they used in it gives a little kick to the taste. Their bread is a bit glazed on top and it tasted so fresh like it was right out of the oven. Their beet salad with pecans and blue cheese was good too and their strawberry lemonade was great! I like the fact that there are REAL strawberry chunks in there and no artificial flavors. . . I wanna try the fontina burger with sweet potatoes next! with a banana milkshake! MMM!
This is as good as it gets. I went here with two of my best girlfriends for lunch before our shopping spree and fell in love with this place.  It's a perfect place for lunch with the family or even if you are on a date. The eating area is surrounded by plenty of trees(orange maybe?) I forgot for a second that I am in Arizona. Almost all of their food are locally grown and the produce are harvest on the same day....from their farm to your  plate.. . I had grill salmon with asparagus and it was delicious, my friends had a BBQ hamburger(6 oz., thick cut bacon, blue cheese, hand-breaded onion ring, Joe's Real BBQ sauce.) and from the expressions on their faces it was DELISH. I recommend the zucchini fries, garlic fries and onion rings...it was a feature on food's network.. . Enjoy :)
One day, about three years ago, I wanted some fries. I wanted them badly. After a while on the internet I found that Joe's Farm Grill supposedly had the best fries in town, so I went, expecting nothing more than some good fries. What I got, was an almost religious experience. I am now a convert to whatever this Joe guy is selling..    Joe's Farm Grill is so grand, in fact, that I find it kind of hard to review. A delicious, locally owned restaurant that was featured on Food Network attached to a beautiful farm where they grow their vegetables, plus an award winning cupcake/coffee shop and some of the coolest bathrooms I've ever seen. I could write three pages on it! But I'll make it simple, because there are plenty other reviews to look through. I have never had anything less than great here, whether you're looking for a burger and fries or some ahi tuna, Joes is here for you like a charismatic cult leader. If you haven't stopped by Joes, punch yourself in the face, then head on out.
So delicious! You can't beat the atmosphere either. Local businesses rock!
The char-crust on the burgers are friggin' ridonculous! Every bite is an explosion of flavorness and juiciness, and whichever other 'ness' you could imagine.. . The Garlic fries here have utterly ruined any other chance that any other garlic fry out there would have-ever.  I have not tasted their equal anywhere! First taste brings me back to my childhood.  With it's escargot-like butter concoction, I lost my mind!  They get extra points for the pool of residue that collects at the bottom of the fry boat. My mouth is literally watering as I type...sigh. . Chocolate shake rounds out the dining experiencedue to it's bombness! get a spoon, they're thickness.. . Clearly they have more to offer, but I have found the magic equation and will stick to it.  The pizzas do look good however....
My family and I loved the food and the outdoor picnic setting. We all ordered burgers and had no complaints. The highlight of our meal was the fried zucchini...it was delicious! We'll be back for sure!
Best ribs and waffles ANYWHERE. Fun to sit outside. Go here, you will like it for sure!
I loved everything about my visit to Joe's Farm Grill! I ordered the Fontina Burger. It was lovely and fresh. The food is made with quality ingredients in a casual atmosphere. We sat at the picnic tables under the trees with fragrant orange blossoms. The weather was gorgeous and it felt so relaxing and calming. I loved the change of pace and scenery. We did not want to leave.
Holy smokes!  I can see driving to Gilbert, AZ from Ventura County just to re-experience this delightful dining experience.  Flavor, flavor, flavor!  On our way back from our New Orleans road trip we detoured and took a chance on Joe's and it was well worth it.    We are bringing the kids next time so watch out!  By the way the G.I Joe's showcased were a nice touch.
One of my favorite places to grab breakfast in the East valley. The lunch is great too. However, those blueberry pancakes can't be beat! It's always busy and once you eat there, you'll know why. I love Joe's!
First, I am not from the East Valley.  Second, Josh K's review is the most ridiculous thing I've ever read.  He must be trying to get something for free out of Joe's or he has NO taste for food.  With that said.... . This is quite possibly my favorite restaurant anywhere.  The BBQ chicken pizza is awesome.  The Bleu Bacon BBQ burger is the single best hamburger I've ever eaten.  The BBQ sauce with the bleu cheese is SO good.  Their BBQ chicken salad is phenomenal.  And, if you come for breakfast, their blueberry pancakes will knock your socks off!!!. . I can not recommend this place more highly, you will not be disappointed.
Wow - the garlic fries alone were worth the trip!  Definitely a 5/5.  I had the BBQ chicken pizza, which was pretty good.  It wasn't bad, but wasn't in the same league as others that I've had.  Maybe I just like a different style.  I'd give that a 3.5/5.  My wife had the ahi tuna burger and rated it a 4/5.  She also had a milkshake and sweet potato fries and said they were both a 5/5.
This place is AWESOME!!!. I ordered the BBQ pork plate the portion was HUGE, I couldn't finish it all!!! It was so delicious. Pricing is extremely fair!!!. I love the seating area outside, its like having a picknick!!!
This place is great . It really great for family meals.  The food is good.
No need for one more excellent review of this place, but I'm gonna do it anyway. After much ado & buzz over the last few years, I finally made the hike (and believe me, it's a 45 minute jaunt from CenPho) out here today for a client meeting. Wham, bam, thank you Joe -- I'm a fan.. . Excellent food.  Killer restrooms.  Awesome pressurized condiments.. . Oh, and they give you a $10 credit towards your meal on your birthday.  Cool!. . 150% excellence.
came on a thursday for dinner around 7pm, and there was line out the door. had to wait 20-25 minutes before reaching the counter. i ordered the cheapest item on their menu, the farm salad. it took only 5 minutes before i was buzzed for my salad, which was delicious and filling.
This place is so cool...my friend used to live in agritopia (the neighborhood that this restaurant is in)...and when i was over at her place we were trying to figure out where to go for dinner...she suggested we go here and i was like y not it sounded fine...so we get in the car and it was 30 seconds and we were there...it is situated in this little orchard/park/garden like area...so cute and very farm like...but without the bad smells and animals.... You walk in and grab a menu and wait in line...this place was packed...you have to wait in line to order your food...they have an awesome menu...first of all their bbq chicken pizza is delicious!!! Its handmade and they but sprinkles of blue cheese or gorganzola cheese on top...yummy they have this bbq pulled pork sandwich...umm fabulous...the garlic fries and sweet potato fries i would give up my left arm for...they have these amazing shakes and malts and they have a flavor of the week or month i forget which one...you can get the staple flavors like chocolate, vanilla and strawberry too...it is all just reat food...so u order and they give you a little buzzer and you wait for your food...its open seating inside and outside...if u go with a group secure a table first because this place has been packed everytime i go...you dispense your own condiments and drinks...it is just so cute...this place has done something very very right...i wish it werent out in gilbert...but what can you do? I love this place and if im out that way im going to stop by...try it...its worth the drive...its great for families with kids...the kids csn play outside and its casual...
This is what my mom said when we brought her here, "I have to be honest, when we pulled up I thought 'W-T-F,' but now I'm mad you've never brought me here before!". . My favorite things are the Date Shakes and the seared ahi tuna sandwich. Everything here is so fresh- the produce, the atmosphere, the decor. I love that they use produce from their backyard! There are always rotating specials too.. . This is something else I appreciate about the staff- they always offer HELPFUL advice. I feel like they're honest and sincere with their suggestions and have not steered me wrong yet!
I love this place. Great food, great coffee, great views, great prices. And I love that it's local. You've gotta check it out.
Had the cod and a cheese burger. The Cod was cooked perfectly and is very nicely breaded. The cheese burger was covered in fresh veggies and the meat tasted great. They have a great condiment bar in the outside seating area, super nice dinning outside. The inside was very clean even in a rush.
I love this place!  It gets pretty busy after 6 most nights, if you can get there before then you can beat the rush.  I have had the pizza, regular burger, ahi tuna sandwich, the bbq pork.  Can't really go wrong with most things here.  I want to try out their breakfast menu sometime.  Definitely check this place out, worth the time and money.
For all of the notoriety Joe's has gotten for being farm-to-table and all about the freshest ingredients, I - in my infinite wisdom - accidentally ordered something a meal that was entirely fried.. . That's not to say the panko-breaded eggplant wasn't great, because it was fried well and came along with a great homemade marinara sauce. Similarly, the hushpuppies were equally excellent, made with pieces of actual corn for a little bit of texture. And the Friday fried cod was no slouch either, though given an upbringing where fish fries were the norm, the purity of ingredients approach did little to curb my ho-hum attitude. . . It's easy to see why the line was out the door by the time I finished my meal - Joe's is a bastion of fresh food in a desert, but I advise those ordering to choose menu items that best highlight that freshness.
Love.  Went again last month in June.  So excellent!!!
Pure Heaven in your mouth! Whats not to love? The atmosphere is amazing and the food is even better!!
Miss eating here. Yummy food! and always fresh since they have there own veggie garden
Hands down one of my favorite places to eat in the valley.  My personal favorites are the BBQ Bacon & Bleu Burger, Portobella Sandwich, Pulled Pork Sandwich, sweet potato fries with pineapple serrano sauce, and the garlic fries.  My sister loves the Chicken Pesto Sandwich and my mom loves the shakes.  My son loves the kids meals and the atmosphere, and really likes a side of the beans that come with the breakfast meal, which aren't on the menu, but you can usually get if they don't run out.  It can get very crowded here, especially on weekends near meal time, so have someone in your party grab a seat before you get in line if you can.
Try the chicken salad sandwich.  Great atmosphere, great flavors.
Have to say Joe's didn't disappoint.  Loved the fact that everything is fresh and either comes from their farm or close by.  Tried the garlic fries, burger, beet side salad, farm salad with green goddess dressing (I've had better) and the bbq burger with blue cheese and onion rings...everything was delicious!  I wish I had had more time to sit and order more food... I highly recommend this place..
Every year for mothers day I go with my family to Joe's. This place is the only eatery I can think of that is worth a 20-30 minute wait. Most of the produce is grown on the farm and the food is amazing. I would recommend to anyone.
We love, love, LOVE Joe's Farm Grill. It is the perfect place to dine if you have children. Having all the space to run and play after dinner is so nice for them and really special, because not many places can offer something like that. The menu is wonderful, and the specials are even better. My family has been here countless times and we have loved everything. The milkshakes are awesome, burgers are juicy, and the veggies are so fresh! . . It's delicious food and a really fun place for our kids, can't ask for much more!
Awesome!
Love this place.  Great burgers and their grilled salmon and pizzas are delicious.  . . Heard about this place while reading reviews on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.  Is that what put this place on the map because it definately appears to be a tourist destination on weekends.. . Lines can be long depending on time of visit.  Indoor seating is limited but plenty of space outdoors.  Bring a blanket, find some shade under a tree and chill out (or use one of their many picnic tables.  . . I have returned often but will usually drive on by if lines are out the door.
Joe's Farm Grill  of my favorite places, ever. This and Joe's BBQ. I can't put my finger on what it is that makes my mouth water at the thought of either restaurant.. . At Joe's Farm Grill, it could easily be the amazing ingredients. So fresh and flavorful, and you know you aren't eating some strange lab grown tomatoes. I love sitting outside under a GIANT tree, looking over at the Agritopia garden... Joe's definitely has something you don't find very often here in the commercial, cookie cutter East Valley.. . Like Joe's BBQ, everything here is perfect it its own way. My favorite is the burger. Yup, I said it. Veganish me loves cheeseburgers here. I don't eat burgers often, but when I do I crave Joe's. The bun is amazingly fresh and soft, the veggies are top notch and the meat... The meat is melt in your mouth delicious.. . Other notable dishes: pizza, ahi salad, bbq sandwich (uses Joe's Real BBQ sauce, of course!) and the awesome fresh made milkshakes.. . I know Gilbert is a trek for a lot of people in the Valley, but it is absolutely one worth making.
I am so glad this place is nearby.  It is a great place for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  A casual, diner-type atmosphere, with food orders submitted at a front window and orders collected at another.  This place is a draw, and consequently the line at the order window can get to be a little long.  We think up to a 20-minute wait is worth it.. . The coffee shop in the same parking lot is a great place to hang out, and it too has a great menu for a small coffee shop.
I have been here many times and have never had a disappointing meal, a little bit pricey yes but i have never had anything that i would not order again and again.. Everything is fresh and the menu has a good selection even for the kids.. If you go you even have to check out the rest room.
If you like to try a new restaurant & leave raving, "Wow, I've never been anyplace like THIS before", then here's your place!  Joe's sits out here in the semi-sticks as part of an Intentional Community called Agritopia, & most of what they serve is grown organically right here on the farm.  It's an ultra-modern, ultra-clean place, with a '60s flair.  Oxymoron?  You just have to see this place to appreciate it's uniqueness...  even the bathrooms are really something!  The food they serve here is a match for the physical plant; way off by itself compared to the usual, & SO GOOD!. . So I came for lunch today, joined by Robyn N. & Arlin B.  They were already fans of the place, & it was a first visit for me.  This is not a place where you eat in a hurry.  It's much too special for that.  You want to come here when the weather is nice, because there is lots of shady outdoor seating of different styles, & that's where you want to be, even if you're usually an "indoor diner" such as myself.  Also, there is lots else to enjoy here at the farm, so set aside a couple of hours or so for the experience.. . The food:. . The three of us shared a BBQ Chicken Pizza ($9.99) as sort of an appetizer, & for the rest of my lunch I had a Fontina Burger with Asian Slaw for my chosen side dish ($9.49), & a Chocolate Malt ($4.49).. . The pizza was thin style crust, slightly blackened on the grill, with pieces of smoked chicken breast, bacon, bleu cheese, tomato, red onion & BBQ Sauce.  It was delicious!  The Fontaine Burger had 1/3 lb. of tasty beef, a whole roasted red pepper, grilled mushrooms, spinach, pecan pesto, Fontina cheese, & a big lettuce leaf on the side to add if you wish.  It was AWESOME!  The Asian Slaw & the malt were good, too.. . For dessert (the last thing any of us needed!), we went next door, still on the farm, to "The Coffee Shop"...  their equivalent to a Lola's or Starbucks.  It was tops too, of course!. . . I love Joe's Farm Grill!     :-))
Drove from SUN CITY to visit this joynt. The buzz about this place (after Guy Fieri's visit on Food Network's Triple D) is amazing.  You could feel the freshness in the air.  Out near Agritopia, a master-planned community in Gilbert, this place REEKS old-time farmer cookin'!  . . There was a line out the door, but the crowd was in a convivial mood, so we enjoyed standing in line.  After approx. 15-20 minutes, we got to the order window.  I ordered the Ahi Tuna sandwich with a side of fried zucchini, hubby ordered the BBQ bacon blue cheeseburger with a side of fries, and a BBQ chicken pizza to share (and takehome for leftovers).  We also ordered a side of onion rings and a cheesecake.  Hubby ordered a sprite, I had their fresh-squeezed lemonade.. . The Ahi Tuna sandwich was delicious.  The slaw and wasabi mayo added great flavor.  The bun was fresh, fresh, fresh and probably the best hamburger bun I've ever eaten, melt in your mouth, I kid you not. However, not being a fan of raw fish, I ended up eating around the raw parts, which left very little to go down.  I will get the tuna cooked "well done" next time.. . The zucchini was really good, but the pieces were so large, they really needed a fork & knife.  The house-made marinara was obviously house-made, and it had very rich flavor, delicious.  The lemonade was a full quart and, believe me, I drank it all.  It was the best I've ever consumed.. . Hubby's BBQ Bacon Blue cheeseburger was awesome!  So huge, he could barely get his hands around it.  When he asked me to take a bite, I asked him to cut it in half.  Delicious freshly-picked veggies (lettuce, tomato, and red onion).  His fries were "meh," but the onion rings were da bomb!  Thick-cut, sweet and delicious morsels of onion and fried panko, some of the best I've eaten.. . The BBQ Chicken pizza was spectacular, but I thought it would be bigger.  It's definitely enough for one hungry person, but we had leftovers, so it's all good.. . Joe, we will DRIVE 60 miles one way to sample your fresh-tastin' goodness!  WE WILL BE BACK!!!
Is there anything better than eating outdoors on a nice sunny day with temps in the low 80's on green grass among plenty of citrus trees and evergreens  in Phoenix Arizona??  Well this is the setting everyday throughout the fall and spring at Joe's Farm Grill!!. . I can't believe I haven't written a review on Joe's Farm Grill already.  It's an awesome place to take the family and friends for breakfast or lunch.  Their menu is built around things people love to eat now a days and it starts in their garden rather than in their restaurant.  They actually grow most of not all of the produce they use in their dishes on site. They will offer some seasonal sides, dishes and deserts based on the seasonality of their fruits and veggies.  . . There are loads of reviews already written about specific dishes that are favorites at Joe's Farm Grill, so I wont go into a lot of details concerning their menu.  Some of my favorites at Joe's Farm Grill ~ BBQ smoked chicken pizza which is grilled with some char, topped with plenty of blue cheese, some veggies and BBQ sauce.  It is DELISH and the perfect app to share with friends. . . Some of my fav's: . ~Fontina Burger, Chicken Pesto sandwich,. ~Sonoran Dogs ~ get the X2 for $9.99 with either their tasty onion rings or sweet potato fries with their Pineapple-serrano dipping sauce,. ~Ahi Tuna and the grilled peanut butter and banana sandwiches. ~Thai Ahi Salad and Chicken Caesar Salad . . All of these are a flavor-fest your mouth and tummy will thank you for later :^) . . Don't forget to leave room for desert at "The Coffee Shop" or a tasty shank/malt!  Everything at Joe's Farm Grill is is well prepared and they are consistent in delivering quality, fresh tasting food.  . . This place can get insanely busy on the weekends especially when the weather is nice.  You may want to plan your visit to Joe's either early lunch or late breakfast during the week.  Bring your dog and kiddos so they can play on the green grass and enjoy a meal outside.  I hope to see you at Joe's soon!
Amazing customer service!!  I was truly amazed that Anthony of Joe's Farmgrill reached out to me to make sure to discuss my issue and to try to make me satisfied and come back to Joe's !! I cannot wait to go back I've missed their AMAZING hamburger that is worth every penny and sweet potato fries with pineapple chutney on the side!!  Fabulous place, will write a follow up reporting on what food we ate looking forward to seeing what's new over there.
WOW....... Over the past summer, my family toke a road trip and drove from Houston to San Jose CA.  On our way back to Houston, we stop by Joe's Farm Grill; we found this restaurant in Guy from food network show called Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. You can't almost go wrong with that. Guy does have good taste for food. The foods are excellent and the portion is great. I am a big eater and I can't finish the BBQ. My daughters can't finish their sandwiches. We have so much food left that we ate them for dinner at Las Cruces, NM. The price is great. It is so worth the money. We will eat there again when we in Phoenix, AZ.
Joe's boyhoodhome is now the foodie mecca of Gilbert.  Set next to idyllic farm land with a park-like atmosphere in the dining area, you'll feel like you just had the best backyard barbecue of your life.. . What's good here?  You name it.  BBQ ribs?  Check.  Burger? Check.  Pizza?  Hot dogs? Salad? Tuna sandwich?  It's all exceptional, even the onion rings will knock your socks off.  A lot of the ingredients are fresh off the neighboring fields and everything is made from scratch.. . Joe, that knock on the door is me coming over to your house for dinner.
I've only came to Joe's twice so far and both times, I've had an amazing experience.  I first came here with my friend and I had ordered BBQ Bacon Blue Burger with sweet potato fries.  I must say, I love me some good sweet potato fries and this place did not disappoint.  I could've done without the fruity dipping sauce though.  Anyways, after eating here the first time, it left me craving another try almost right away.. . The second time I came here, I brought my friends who were visiting from Colorado here.  Everyone tucked into the food and it was delicious.  I had the ribs and they were definitely finger-lickin' good.  Yum!. . I can see why Guy Fieri gave this place such a great review on Diners, Drive-in and Dives.
Great food by one of the nicest folks I have ever had the joy to meet.  My husband is a scooter aficionado as is Joe, and that's how we came to eat here.  Not only is the food delicious, we have never been mistreated by the staff.  We have even ventured into other establishments owned by Joe and had the same wonderful experience.  Yummy yum yum.
We love this place. Great for the young boy to find friends and run around before, during and after our food.. . The kids choices are not as great as I would want. Full size grown up food is always amazing.. . The grilled bbq pizza is good but it is hit or miss on how burnt the bottom is. :(. . The farm is a treat. We spend more time on dinner when we are here. Life slows down for us a little.. . Get a malted vinilla shake. Sooooo worth it.. . Garlic fries/green beans are overloaded with garlicky goodness. Can you tell I am hungry as I type this? . . A bit pricy to eat often for us. But we are never disappointed.
Joe's Farm Grill features everything that is All-American. Burgers, pizzas, salads, hot dogs, and a variety of other classics, each with their own twist. I was pleasantly surprised that Sonoran Dogs were on the menu (I rarely see them outside of Tucson). I got a burger that was gigantic and yummy--don't forget to ask for grilled onions. There are a number of novelties in each of Joe's restaurants, but my favorite part about this one is that it is nestled right next to farmland. The ingredients here touted to be fresh and local, and I could definitely taste the difference in my burger and especially in the fruit cup.. . I took my brother here for his birthday; he got a 4B and looved it. He wasn't able to complete the trifecta but there will always be next year!
Wonderful spot! Great building/architecture tucked into a fruit orchard with the garden out back, love it! The food rocked, the service was friendly and efficient. I also dig the open/windowed kitchen, a foodie's dream! If you live close go eat at Joe's tomorrow!!
Excellent burger, excellent onion rings, excellent sweet potato fries with pineapple dipping sauce.
Add the New York Giants sandwich to the menu permanently please!!!!
After writing my first review, the manager reached out to me and sent me a gift certificate for the poor quality burgers we received. He also asked when the food was purchased. This showed me the manager cares about the quality of their food and wants to ensure it doesn't happen again. I have been back several times since and the quality was spectacular, their usual norm. . . Don't forget, you get a free meal on your birthday.. . I love Joe's Farm Grill.
Best breakfast in Gilbert... No contest.
Hubby found this place on Yelp, kudos to him! The food is as wonderful as the setting. We really enjoyed sitting outside under the trees on the picnic tables - it reminded me of some wineries I have been to.. . The first visit I had the BBQ chicken pizza, hubby had the amazing fontina burger. That burger was spectacular. It has 6 oz., roasted red pepper, grilled mushrooms, field greens, farm-made pecan pesto and fontina cheese. I think its the pesto that makes it so special, but hubby thinks its all of the ingredients together that makes it.. . My second visit I got the fontina burger, without the red peppers, with bacon and once again; it was outrageously delicious. I also got the fried green beans which I loved!. . One thing, I wish they served beer and wine. Other than that this place will not disappoint, so fresh, so delicious! I will be back for MORE!!!
I love joes! They have some of the best hamburgers around and I'm not much if a fan of burgers. I know a ton of people rave about the pizza but I don't think that is their best item. If the weather is nice, sit outside and enjoy the atmosphere. . Side note about the flies- yes in the summer they can get bad. It has FARM in its name though, so I'd you don't like nature you might want to skip it.
We ate here this past weekend while visiting Phoenix.  We enjoyed the food very much.  I ordered the Ahi Tuna Sandwich with garlic fries, my wife ordered the Chicken Pesto sandwich with onion rings and a chocolate malt, my mother and stepfather ordered burgers with sweet potato fries and fried zuchini and my 2 1/2 yer old got a kid's cheese pizza.  Everything was really good.  We all tried some of each of the sides.  Everyone loved the garlic fries.  The onion rings were very good.  My wife and mother liked the sweet potato fries. The pizza had really fresh sauce and the crust was quite good.  My wife's chocolate malt was the best we have had in a while.  The food was all very fresh and quite tasty.  We will definitely eat here again when we are in Phoenix.
If I could give this place 10 stars I would. Saw it on Diners, Dives and Drive Ins or something like that, lol. Regardless of how I got there I'm sooo glad I did. This was one of the 2 best places I ate at during my two years in Phoenix. I've only had one dish - every time I go I can't order anything but this - the Ahi Tuna with spicy asian slaw and wasabi mayonnaise spread is simply to die for. Its messy, it will not stay within its borders but who cares - I'll slop that stuff off the table if I have too. The shakes are awesome and I always seem to get their onion rings even though they're not big fat ones, they slice them thin and fry them crispy. Still good! Once you drive up you'll know you're in for an experience. Fruit trees, and the farm where they grow everything you're about to eat - I still haven't figured how they grow the Tuna but its so dam good I don;t even care where they get it from. Look them up on that dives, diners, and whatever it is show and you'll see a plethora of good eats that'll make you drive right over if you're ever in town.
Love Joe's!  We took the kids for a late dinner, the weather was just right for burgers, fries and a shake. . . The burger was fresh, the tuna was cooked just right, medium rare and the Garlic fries were worth the trip itself. . . My only complaint for this trip was that I forgot to order the Garlic Fries and when I asked the girl at the window if I could add the fries to my order which was almost ready she said that I would have to go back through the long line. I mean come on, really. . .     Update:  I was contacted today by the manager who addressed the issue i had with the Garlic Fries.  To be honest it was not a show stopper, I just wanted to be fair and include the entire experience.  I was impressed with the Manager's effort and concern for good service.  I added an extra star based on this.  Thanks for reaching out Anthony!. . Joe's is a very hip, relaxed, progressive (for Phoenix that is) and fun little dive and when the weather is right makes for a perfect ending to a busy work week.
THIS RESTAURANT IS AMAZING. It is so good that its worth even flying into AZ just to eat here. This is seriously one of the best places Ive eaten in my life. Their Ahi Tuna sandwich is beyond words. Please eat here. Its worth it even if there is a long line
Holy cow, this place is amazing.. A lil $$, but really a cool place to bring out of towners....
Everything was amazingly fresh and made right in front of us. The portions seemed small, but it was so filling and satisfying we couldn't finish our bbq plate, or the ahi sandwich. Just like home cooking, but better. The meals were quickly and deliciously prepared, and seasoned just right.
There is nothing bad to say about JFG! I came for the first time a couple of years ago almost when our best friends moved to Gilbert.  We make sure we go there EVERY TIME we are in the area -- it was also fun to see that it was a Triple D and to check out what items Guy Fieri checked out.  I unfortunately haven't spread out from my norm much because I love my burger with bleu cheese and mushrooms on it! Their different fries like the garlic fries and loaded baked potato fries are delish, and their onion rings are DELIGHTFUL.  They make KILLER homemade lemonade (I get the Strawberry!) and know how to make a mean milkshake.  Everything else I've seen on the menu that people have gotten have looked nothing short of amazing so maybe one day I'll stray from the norm!
This place never disappoints. I think my favorite thing I have had here is the the hot dog with pulled pork. YUM. The onion rings are very good as well. The atmosphere is nice and casual. If you have little ones with you they can play outside while you sit at the picnic tables. Love this place!
I had lived in Gilbert for 10 years and unfortunately never came here until after I moved away for college.  Everyone told me this place was fantastic, so I finally brought my family here one Sunday while I was back for spring break.  The reviews are not underrated.  We absolutely loved this place!. . Sunday lunch can take a while, but it is sure worth the half-hour wait.  I ordered a Portobello Salad, knowing that their greens and fresh from Agrotopia.  Words cannot describe the wonderful medley of juicy vegetables and the succulent grilled portobello.  It was pure delight.. . The rest of my family shared a large order of barbeque ribs with a side of sweet potato fries.  Everything was simply delicious, and we got to enjoy a really nice lunch outside.
AWESOME Stop! Loved the Chicken BBQ Pizza, Fresh salad, Onion Rings.. its making my mouth water just typing this. They have a great atmosphere, and really interesting bathrooms. :) A MUST STOP if you're in there area!
After seeing JFG on DDD,  we were excited about trying the food. We had about a 10 minute wait in line (try to avoid going right at 12 when the line reaches the parking lot!) and about a 10 minute wait to get our food. Simply deliciously fresh and as good as we had hoped. Between our family of 5, we had pizza, burgers and bbq. My husband's Hawaiian burger, the daily special, was the best he says he has ever eaten, ditto for the pizza my son ate. We all loved it, and will definitely be going back. Sidenote: it is a bit on the expensive side, but worth the cost for the flavor and freshness.
I really like the food and atmosphere of this place. They also give you an $10 credit on your birthday (as does Joe's real BBQ). I have been here many times and have never been dissappointed. If there is a down side to this place, it is just that sometimes their greens aren't very plentiful... that's all ;)
We went to Joe's Farm Grill to celebrate my daughter's 22nd birthday. We wanted to try something different and fun. It was easy to find (although a good 30 minute drive for us) and when we arrived for lunch there was a line out the door. Menus were conveniently located as you wait in the line however and the line moved fairly quickly which we were happy about. Turns out it was worth the wait! We all ordered something different and everything that we had was really delicious. Fontina hamburger- yum! Sweet potatoe fries- major yum! Fried zuchinni and green beans- loved! The pizza is also delicious and the ingrediants in the chicken salad were so fresh and crisp- nothing but oohs and aahs from the crowd of us. The lemonade (both regualr and strawberry are huge and so delicious as well). We had enough leftovers to feed us at dinnertime and my daughter's meal was free as it was her birthday- that was a very pleasant surprise. We sat outside on a picnic table under a huge old tree that gave us shade and a perfect view of the farm in the distance. We strolled the farm afterwards and had a thoroughly enjoyable lunch! Nothing but praise for this place.
This is the kinda place you drive 30+ mins to go to. . . Was that a good opener? I thought so. Anyway, I made a new friend in Gilbert and I live in Uptown Phx but wanted to go to her hood to hang out and save her the drive. So I looked up some good places to eat via Mouth by Southwest and low and behold I found this gem and knew I had to go.. . We both got Fontina Burgers, which were amazing. She had the tasty onion rings as a side and I got myself some Asian slaw, both were awesome. I loved my strawberry lemonade more than most people should like any beverage. . . I've been trying to get my friend to move up to Phx, where all the action is, but there's one thing she's got that we don't: Joe's Farm Grill. That should be her claim to fame down there. I will be visiting her more often and can't wait to try more things on the menu. Next up, BBQ Chicken Pizza?
Love this place. I make my sister take me here every time I'm in town visiting her.
Unique atmosphere in the city of Glibert with AMAZING food....  . . Beware some weekends the line is super long but its worth the wait... be prepared to eat outside in a nice shady area enjoying a farm like atmosphere.... . Good seafood is hard to find in Az & Farm grill does a great job.... also great burgers!  . . If you don't mind driving out to Gilbert its 1 of the best places to eat in the Phx area..
I love Joe's Farmgrill.  I go there quite often and always on my birthday since they give you a credit towards your bill on your actual birthday.  I think it's so wonderful of them to do that and it gives me an excuse to gather the family to Joe's.  . I decided to have the grilled chicken caesar salad. Mmm everything tastes fo fresh at Joe's.  My husband ordered the Farm Burger (our family fave) and my mouth is watering just thinking about it, luckily I live down the road and can grab one for dinner tonight.  I don't know where they get their beef but it's amazing and always juice.  Some places when I ask for well done I get a "hockey puck" but NOT at Joe's.  We decided to have the best of both worlds and split the burger/salad between us.  A great choice.  I always order the fresh cole slaw.  It tastes like something my grandma might have  just made it fresh for me back when I was a kid growing up. I think that is part of the appeal of JOe's Farmgrill.  When I go there I feel so comfortable and relaxed.  It's a great place to meet up and I always say I'm going to have room for dessert but never get to it.  I suppose I need to plan to go there just for ice cream sometime but I cannot bring myself to go there without getting a Farm Burger.  Kudos to Joe's Farmgrill for making yet another birthday great for me.
Both times I've been here have been long waits, but the combination of a unique atmosphere and good food have always been worth it. Definitely worth your time-I've had both the Fontiga Burger and BBQ Chicken Pizza.. . FYI, the BBQ here comes from Joe's Real BBQ-still good, but you may want to order something unique to the grill.
We have been going to Phoenix for sometime now, but only recently learned of Joes Farm Grill. We tried it out, and let me tell you, it was awesome. Their portions were just right, and even though I was full when we left, I didn't feel gross like I do at other restaurants. I had the BBQ chicken pizza, and I loved it. Thin, flatbread crust made for a light pizza, very tasty pizza. My wife had the chicken Caesar salad. She gets that salad so often that she knows her Caesars, and she said this was her favorite dressing. And the chicken of course was amazing as well.
Wow, what a fabulous place! LOVE the setting and the ambiance there. The food is delicious, and it is so fresh! The service was so friendly, and we can tell that they really care about their customers. Over two visits, we have had:. .  - Fontina burger.  - French fries.  - Onion rings.  - Fried zucchini.  - BBQ chicken salad. . ...and everything was fabulous! We will definitely be returning when we are in the area.
Luv, luv, luv this restaurant!  Fresh food, great atmosphere, friendly service!  Luv the choice of seating in this very clean and colorful establishment!  We visit every time we are in town, especially when they proudly display their "March Madness".  Thanks to Guy Fieri for highlighting Joe's Grill on DDD!
Eat here!! Try the Ahi Tuna Sandwich. It is melt in your mouth delicious! The onion rings are super crunchy and flavorful. . . The use fresh produce that is grown right outside and use locally raised beef and chicken. Which is refreshing. . . Other suggestions I have are: Fontina Burger and the Sweet Potato Fries (the sweet dipping sauce for these needs to be jarred and sold!), . . It's a cool little place with huge personality...even in the bathroom.  They have their condiment and drink station on the outside which is different.  If the weather is right, enjoy your meal outside under the giant tree (it's actually pretty cool!). . For me, it's quite the drive, but it is well worth it.
I would disagree with anyone who says this place is overhyped. Love the farm-to-table emphasis. Love the laid-back vibe. The food was creatively prepared and damn tasty. Try the beet salad.
Burgers are bomb!!!  Just moved to Gilbert and was told to eat here!!  Awesome!  Stop reading this and get in your car and go!  Any place Guy Fieri says to go to, I am in!
Joe's Farm Grill is one of my favorite places to eat in Gilbert. They have fresh and tasty food, great customer service and a casual outdoor atmosphere. My favorite is the Ahi tuna burger.
Fun to find this gem in the midst of sprawling Phoenix (thanks Drive-Ins, Diners and Dives!).  Fontina burger was great! Nice story behind the place, too.  Makes you feel instantly connected to it.
Came here with the fam here for the first time from my bro's recommendation.  It was great.  The Ahi Tuna Sandwich was super delicious.  My bro had the Fontina Burger and said that was great too.  I order the BBQ pulled pork and that was OK...probably can get the same at any BBQ joint (probably won't order that again...nothing special). The regular fries were just regular...if you come might as well upgrade to garlic or sweet potato fries.  We also got the salmon salad and that was good.  Set up was nice, always a line, but moves quicker than I thought.  There's seating inside and outside...luckily it was cloudy today so it wasn't too bad.  Probably would only come here in the evening or not come during the summer.  Service was great and nice.  Will come again forsure!!!
As usual, this place is delicious! Tried the Southwest Burger and wanted more.  The onion rings were delicious as usual and this is coming from a person who despises onions! . . Yay for Joe's! Always fresh and always delicious!
Food is amazing, great atmosphere, and a great price.
I love this place.  We come here often and have been since it opened.  I love the 4B burger (bacon, blue cheese, bbq sauce and onion ring), the chicken pesto sandwich is to die for as well!  I love how fresh everything is and that they get most of their veggies on site in their garden.  The BBQ pizza is also good, as well as their shakes, malts and sundaes.  We always bring company here especially when the weather is nice because you can sit outside and bring your (leashed) dog too :).  Plus, they give you $10 towards your meal on your birthday!  Love this place!
The MOST DELICIOUS AHI TUNA SANDWICH everrrr the food was soo delicious and I couldnt stop saying/thinking it the entire time I was eating. SOoo delicious. Make sure to try the onions ring as well..it seemed as though they fried it in a batter filled with garlic which made it a million times crunchier. yummm i want it nowww...Also..i feel like ordering the sandwich and just eating the fish would be well worth it as well...the mixture between the fish and the wasabi mayo..omy..to die for!
Great, sustainable, and tasty!. . There was a line out the door, as usual, but it moved relatively quickly, and it gave us time to look over the menu while we waited.. . We ordered the Fried Zucchini Slices and the Ahi Tuna Sandwich. The milkshakes looked very tempting, but we decided try them some other time. We went and washed our hands (they have an outdoor washing sink; hooray!), and sat down with our buzzer to wait for our food.. . Granted it was busy, the food did take a little while, but it gave us time to use the restroom, etc. Seating was plentiful; there are selections of benches and regular tables.. . With my Tuna Sandwich I ordered a side of fruit. The fruit amount was tiny; enough to fill one of those little to-go containers for salad dressing. Eh, fruit is expensive, I get it.. . When I picked up our order I noticed I forgot to request a multi-grain bun. I asked the server at the window if I could get a new bun. She was very accommodating and allowed me to get a new bun.. . The food was delicious. I like that they use honey in their slaw instead of refined sugar. The entrees were well portioned, but as I mentioned the sides are a little on the small side. Ahi tuna usually is served as a smaller portion because of its high cost, but the size of the cut was enough to fill out the bun!. . I would recommend this place for its fresh food and great atmosphere. Although the prices are a little on the high side for a "grill" joint, it is healthy and you are supporting your local farmers.
I have been to Joes Farm Grill several times and its always good! They have good burgers and its a fun environment. Great place for families.
"Ordinary food done extraordinarily well" or something like that, is their motto, and you can take that to the bank.. . Joe's Farm Grill is pretty inconveniently located for me (I am in north Phoenix, Joe's is in southeast Gilbert) but every so often...it's worth the trip.. . Joe's angle is that it literally is a farm, and much of what they serve is apparently raised on that farm. This translates into basic diner faire of outstanding quality.. . Their burgers and fries are out of this world, and their onion rings are possibly the best I have ever had. Homemade cheesecake, lemonade, pizza, all kinds of things on their menu that you would see anywhere but much better than everywhere else.. . The location is very clean, and if the weather is nice, their outdoor seating is gorgeous. Even their bathrooms are something to admire (you'll see what I mean). . I don't get out in that area much, but when I do, I always try to get out to Joe's. Highly recommended.
Better then the TV plug!!!
I'm a regular at this hot spot in Gilbert, AZ. The farm fresh ingredients make everything on the menu delicious. The Ahi Tuna sandwich is my go to almost every time. My husband loves all the burgers and hot dogs. Don't miss out on the best onion rings your ever going to have. The salads are delicious, especially with their green goddess dressing. I haven't tried their pizzas yet but they are definitely on my to do list. Their breakfasts are great too. Fresh fruit on the waffles and pancakes! Relax under the trees with the rest of the patrons. It's great to share your table and meet new people. Kids just love it there too. Real chicken breast used for the chicken tenders! It gets busy but don't let the lines out the door fool you, they are fast and if there is a little wait, it's definitely worth it. The staff are the happiest and friendliest for a group who don't get tips, although they do deserve it.
This place deserves a fiver.. Went with a buddy to try it out and both of us landed slam dunks with his ahi tuna sandwich with onion rings and drink (bit expensive at around $20) and my '4B' burger (with fontina instead of bleu) with sweet potato fries (around $12).. Have to mention that although my burger was great, I had a bite of the tuna and know I amgetting that next time!
Alright. Stopped here after making a pickup at the Mesa Airport. The hype is real. Love the story. Love the farm fresh ingredients. The food is great. I had the turkey jalapeno dog and fried zucchini. My daughter had the mushroom sandwich with sweet potato fries, both with the hand squeezed lemonade.  We sat outside. Great mid century modern burger joint decor. When I get in the area again, I'll definitely stop in again.
Excellent food and service!
I adore this place!. . Never even heard of Agritopia or Joe's Farm Grill, I was taken to this sweet, little hideaway on a sunny Saturday afternoon. The drive out is fun because you see lots of farmland, which is a nice scene away from the desert landscape. Tucked away on some very rich farmland, Joe's building is so futuristic and well-built into this ocmmunity that I could not stop just admiring the structure itself.. . A pretty popular place for families on a Saturday afternoon, the line to roder was a bit long but worth it. Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives visited a few years back, and all of Guy's favs are highlighted on the menu. Flatscreens and projectors have slides of all the best foods to roder while you're waiting. The also sell YooWoo, so naturally I give this place 5 stars. . . I orded the BBQ Pork Sandich and my friends ordered a pizza and the onion rings.. . THE ONIION RINGS ARE CAPITOL K KRUNCHY. And you must order them. With everything grown locally, basically a stone's throw away from Joe's, the food was so fresh and well made. A tad pricey but worth it. . . I cannot wait to go back.
We've taken so many of our friends to Joe's and they love it just as much as we do. Their menu is pretty simple but that's the way to do it. Our favorites are the grilled pizzas: both the BBQ chicken and the Veggie. The line can be unreal sometimes but it usually goes pretty quick. The food is great, the reason for the 4 stars is sometimes the staff can be a little unresponsive or flat out ignore you until you say excuse me. This has generally happened when we do takeout and I go straight to the pick up counter. Overall, great place to dine.
Joe's is one of my favorites, and I always bring my out-of-state visitors here.  Great outdoor atmosphere and phenomenal food.  Make time to walk around and see the gardens or visit the farmer's market while you're here.  I'd come more often if the line to get in wasn't always so long.
Have been here only once since my last Update a year ago because it's way down here in sticks, but oh what a treat this trippy place is!. . On this visit Robyn N. & Mike C. joined in, & I went with a Sonoran hotdog, onion rings & a chocolate malt.  Yes these these guys are a little expensive, but there's no place else like it & both the food & the fun here have been absolutely 5 Stars for me on every visit!     :-)). . Sonoran Dog & Side $6.99, upgrade to Onion Rings $2.50, Chocolate Malt $4.49.
had lunch here today with Rand H and Robyn N. I had the the hot dog with pulled pork on it and baked potato fries and both of these were awesome. Rand H. gave me one of his onion rings and it was probably the best onion ring I have ever tasted.After are great lunch I stopped at the coffee shop and grabbed a berry scone and some type of orange chocolate filled cookie and both of those were great as well. So with nothing I could say negative about the place I give them 5 stars and hope to return soon.
I love having this place in my neighborhood, just a mere 800 steps from my front door. The menu appeals to everyone, from foodies to Applebee's addicts. It's a unique spot that's great for taking out of town visitors.. . Service has been great the many times I've come here. The restaurant is run efficiently, and the few times that we've run into problems (like a burnt pizza), the situation is remedied quickly. My dog once escaped and ran to Joe's (can you blame him?), and the manager was sweet enough to feed him chicken and watch over him until I could leave work to pick him up.. . I love that they added a veggie burger to the menu. It's a good one, too! It comes with a vegan 1000 island dressing, but I like to have it topped with the fixings from the fontina burger. Their portobello burger is one of my favorites which says a lot because as a vegetarian, I've eaten my body weight in "token vegetarian option" sandwiches. It has an awesome grilled flavor and is simply dressed. I love the grilled pizza too. No one near by does this, and the leftovers make an awesome breakfast.. . Speaking of which, breakfast at Joe's Farm Grill is wonderful. My husband swears their pancakes are the best he's ever had at a restaurant, very close to his mother's version. He also goes gaga over the ribs and waffles (but a nap is required afterwards) and the breakfast tacos. I usually get the veggie scramble with a salad, grilled flatbread, and a great fruit cup that *doesn't* include cheapo grapes and cantaloupe. . . Lastly, I just have to say how happy I am that they finally took the endless loop of Guy Fieri off their TV monitors. Good decision!
This is one of my top 5 favorite restaurants to go eat.  I love the atmosphere and food. The prices are a little steep for frequent visits, but for a treat, the prices are worth the quality!  The Fontina Burger is the best burger I have had yet.
This is such a great spot for lunch.  I love that you can eat outside on the picnic tables and the coffee shop next store is the perfect compliment.
Love this place!  Great food, outdoor eating is a plus during the cooler weather.  Only downside is that it is usually so busy, so it can be a little noisy inside, but even that is well worth the experience!
I had the Salmon Caesar Salad yesterday for lunch and lets just say it's my new pregnancy craving! It was amazing! :)
Always good and predictable with a diverse menu. Nice family atmosphere. Really great outdoor or indoor seating.  Pretty much a standard once a week place for our family.
Great place, love the food- the onion rings are amazing!  I love the area, you can take the kids right next door to the community garden, which is beautiful to a farm girl like me. I only wish I lived closer so that I could be a regular!
Love Joe's Farm Grill!  The food is tasty, service is great and the environment is fun. We usually sit on the back patio. It has heaters in the winter and misters in the summer. And it has easy access to the drinks and condiments. On the day of your Birthday you get $10 off your meal, just show your ID. My favorites are the veggie pizza and fontina grilled cheese.
I always feel so good when I eat here! Fresh food, and a wonderful atmosphere, I love getting the peanut butter, chocolate chip, banana sandwich thing and sitting outside and feeding my crust to the birds. DInner and a show! The iced tea is pretty good as well. . . The only problem with this place is the line is sometimes so long because of how great it is!! :P
Haven't been here in a long time but when we did go it was AWESOME! Fresh Fresh Fresh and TASTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Can't wait to go back!
This is my favorite place to eat!!!! their garlic fries are to die for & they have the best chicken tenders i have ever had!!!!! i honestly wish they had one in ahwatukee because i would go there everyday!!. . The only downside is during certain times, the lines are way too long! they either need to make ordering for efficient or have more cash registers.
A great place to take your family! I've been here many times and every single time I leave like I did the time prior, satisfied. Great tasting food, service is excellent, and the park is beautiful.
I wanted to move to Agritopia when my ex and I were looking for a big old house in east Gilbert.  I urged him to consider Agritopia.  I extolled the virtues of the charming neighborhoods, tree lined streets, real front porches, alley accessed garages, the centrally located elementary school for our son, the availability of fresh produce raised within the subdivision, and I went on and on but he wasn't having it.  I think he secretly suspected that I was trying to indoctrinate him into some new fangled 21st century commune or something.  . . Now I realize exactly what I did wrong.  I didn't force him to come get a meal at Joe's Farm Grill, which just happens to be within a stone's throw to Agritopia and also uses Agritopia's produce garden.  (Or maybe it's Joe's Farm Grill garden and Agritopia uses it?  I dunno, but I do know the two are somehow linked.)    If I had only dragged him into Joe's Farm Grill I could have sealed the deal, I'm sure of it.. . Joe's is a really neat little place, surrounded by towering Tamarack trees that have been there forever.  The structure was originally the late 1950's to early 1960's ranch style family home (and former farm) of the same family that now owns Joe's.  Also the family has two other top-notch restaurants, Joe's Real BBQ and Liberty Grill.  The house has since been professionally and radically retrofitted into be a sleek, yet still somehow retro, restaurant, with bathrooms that are so fun and funky that you just have to go there and see for yourself what I mean.  (Trust me.)  The restaurant still retains the old front room of the original house, including the fire place, and it is now a dining room.  It's not hard at all to imagine Joe's family settled around their Christmas tree in their pajamas in the mid-1960's opening presents, completely oblivious to the fact that someday their front room would be a seating area for one of the best places to eat in the whole damn Valley.  Yep, I said it: One of the best places to eat in the whole damn Valley; that is NO exaggeration.. . The food here is amazing.  It's wildly flavorful, perfectly cooked, and deliciously paired with different sides and it's all reasonably priced to boot.  They know what they do here, and they do it perfectly.  My personal favorite here is the seared Ahi Tuna sandwich with a Wasabi dressing.  I can't even describe how good it is.  It's just a flat out flavor bomb.  (Tip: I will reiterate that the tuna is seared, so if you get it and are expecting a fully cooked tuna steak you will be confused and perhaps even disappointed; don't be, just eat it and savor the deliciousness of a perfectly seared tuna steak on a toasted bun with a wonderful Wasabi dressing and a zesty Asian slaw.)  It is my favorite sandwich from anywhere, ever.  I have also tasted their pizzas, burgers, hot dogs, shakes (come topped with a green cherry!) and French fries and all have been outstanding.  I really cannot find a single criticism for this place.. . Oh wait, I just thought of one criticism; that there isn't a Joe's Farm Grill closer to my home, since my ex refused to let us buy a house there.   *pout*
Mmmm....grilled vegetable scramble. Do it.. . Joe's is amazing. And they are always busy, so if you decide to come in, plan on standing in line for a bit, but rest assured, every minute is worth the delectable tastes that you will encounter on your first bite.. . They also have pancakes that are light, fluffy and YUM. If you are considering visiting here, consider no more and get your booty in for some breakfast!
Best breakfast around plus its free on your birthday! Great family atmosphere and outside seating! Food is always fresh and yummy! Favorite sandwiches are 4B burger and spicy chicken sandwich. Best bathroom vibe, must see to believe!
Absolutely delicious, garden-fresh food that never disappoints! We recently visited (for our 2nd time) with some friends who were visiting from Pennsylvania.  At 2:30 pm, there was no line, a known rarity for this place.  If you do have to wait, know that it's worth it!. . Most of the seating is outside on picnic tables, all placed under the branches of fruit trees, providing the perfect amount of shade.  This February 1st afternoon, the sun was shining brightly with temperatures in the low 70's - perfect weather to dine outside! We ordered the BBQ Sampler Platter, Ahi Tuna Sandwich and Cheeseburger.  All of it was absolutely perfect! The onion rings were crispy and flavored with the just-right amount of herbs.  The ahi tuna was cooked to perfection, topped with a delicious Asian slaw.  The BBQ was sweet and spicy, and left all of us wishing there was more.  Overall, it's the perfect place to eat, especially when the weather is nice.  (Don't worry, there's seating inside if you need it.  And don't forget to check out the neat decor in the bathroom!)
What an interesting find in the Phoenix metro!  Brought to you by the same folks that run Joe's Real BBQ (also in Gilbert) this place is so fresh and so good.  Located in south Gilbert, you feel like you're eating outside in the country.  Phoenix couldn't feel farther away.  . . The food was fantastic, and there are a lot of fresh, whimsical, and interesting players on the menu.  I went for a burger with BBQ sauce, onion ring, bacon, and blue cheese...pretty much my standard burger toppings, and it didn't disappoint in the slightest.  Simon got the ahi tuna sandwich, and he said it was excellent.  We shared some garlic fries, which were covered in fresh garlic and parmesan cheese, and dripping in butter.  They were fantastic.  Luckily all of us ate them so that no one could accuse the other of having bad breath.  . . I loved that you have the option to eat outside, sitting on picnic tables underneath giant trees.  It's just not an environment that you see much in the valley.
Always delish! We had burgers and I love the flavor and use of veggies grown right on the farm. I'm a local that prefers to support local businesses and JFG never disappoints on good food!
Wow - the food was fantastic - my daughter was so excited that the veggie burger was Vegan, and it was incredible.  The atmosphere was wonderful - lots of comfortable outside eating areas.  The only downside was a long line, but it was worth the wait.
Who doesn't love Joe's? It goes without saying that this place is great. Their garlic fries put Gilroy to shame, the onion rings are devilish, all of their shakes are top-notch. Then there's the beet salad and grilled veggie pizza...I could go on forever. . . This quaint farm house turned restaurant really has it figured out. . . And I always go next door to the Coffee Shop for an after-lunch/dinner latte.
Although the line was long, it was worth the wait. We tried the Sonoran dog and the Carolina dog, along with garlic fries. TheCarolina was my favorite. A dog topped with pulled pork, cole slaw, and their own bbq sauce. Loved the outdoor picnic style seating on a nice warm day. Can't wait to go back to try the bbq chicken pizza and onion rings. Will be taking out of towners here for sure.
One of our most liked eating places here in the valley of the sun.
Love everything about this place! Fresh amazing food!
Great like always! Family friendly and great for picnics!
Absolutely amazing hamburgers. Amazing garlic fries. Amazing shakes, fried zucchini, and onion rings. I can go on, or you can read the other five hundreds reviews on this place, its even been featured on Food Network.  Joe's Farm Grill is a great, original, retro, family-friendly restaurant serving fresh organic quality food.  Beautiful outdoor picnic area type seating surrounded by large mature trees, even an outdoor soda machine and condiment station, which is great since so many of us Arizonans just love eating and being outside!. Surprisingly enough, it is not nearly as crowded as I thought it would be. Its not exactly close to home, but there are a few places I always like to swing by when I am in the area- and best believe this is one of them.
Joe's Farm Grill was a 40 minute round trip from my home in Phoenix but I still found myself there quite regularly. Now I live 6 hours away and I still find myself there regularly! Everything about Joe's Farm Grill is amazing. I am having a hard time working my way through the menu because every time I go there I want what I had last time again! My favorite meals have to be the pulled pork sandwich or the Carolina dog with a strawberry lemonade and onion rings. My favorite attribute about Joe's Farm Grill would be the atmosphere. A once old farm house renovated nearly beyond recognition surrounded by citrus trees, wooden picnic tables, and large trees that obviously prefer to not grow in straight lines.. . Negatives/Technicalities. -On a beautiful day they will be busy, expect lines!. -Far from the Phoenix Metro. . The few negative reviews all complain of waiting too long and high prices.. The wait, in my opinion, is entirely worth it; and you get what you pay for.. If you want cheap/quick food go eat at McDonalds..... . Overall Joe's Farm Grill is a great place to eat!
So the management of Joe's contacted me about my experience.  They genourously offered a giftcard for a revisit.  I can honestly say that shocked me tremendously.  While Joe's is a pretty far drive for me, I thought it only fair to give them a second shot.  My second experience was definitely better than the first.  We switched it up and tried the pizza and fish sandwich. had to get the onion rings also, to see if the ones from my first visit were unusually bad.  I am happy to report that the food this time around was much better.  The onion rings this time around were crisp and fresh.  The ingredients are fresh, and you can definitely taste it.  Overall I believe my first experience was a random fluke....I guess every place has a 'bad day.  Overall I would give Joe's 4 stars, BUT, customer service is huge, and I appreciate being contacted regarding my prior experience, so the 5th star is for excellent customer service.
Love it here! My favorites are the chicken pesto sandwich & the bbq chicken pizza! The wait in line is worth it! The atmosphere is wonderful & u must check out the bathroom (trust me)!
SO good. Had the curried chicken salad with Asian slaw and beet salad (see picture). All were great and very fresh tasting. . . But the best thing about Joe's is the date shake! I know it sounds like a bathroom crime scene waiting to happen, but it's more than worth any possible collateral damage. Definitely get it if its in season.
My family and I love this place.. . From the chicken pizza, to the shrimp to the amazing breakfasts, Joe's has become a staple of ours here in Gilbert.  The kids can't get enough of the farm atmosphere and we can't get enough of the food; which there is plenty of!  It may be a little pricey, but they give you your money's worth both in quantity and quality.  Don't leave without trying one of their delicious shakes.. . Keep it up Joe's and we will keep coming back again and again.
Excellent meal in the farm. Burgers were tasty, onion rings just right, milk shake was thick! Long line, but it moved quickly and there was water and shade to make the April AZ sun tolerable. We went to college with Steve and Paul so it gave us a chance to reminisce.
Simply a great place to eat. Joe's Farm Grill is my favorite local restaurant and I eat here with the family at least a couple of times per month. When it's not too hot out Joe's offers tons of outdoor seating at picnic tables among the trees. The food is fresh with lots of local ingredients, many from the Agritopia Farm just across the street.. . I'm a big fan of many of the regular dishes, especially the Ahi Tuna Sandwich. But one of the best things about Joe's Farm Grill are the specials that feature fresh seasonal ingredients. Keep an eye out for real milkshakes with local, fresh fruit.. . Joe's Farm Grill is definitely a local favorite and has been featured nationally on the Food Network's Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. As a result, the place can get pretty busy but the line usually moves pretty fast. . . If you're in the area for a visit, in my book this is the one place in town you've got to eat.
The best restaurant in Gilbert.  Period.  If you have kids there is no where else better.
First time I have ever eaten at Joes Farm Grill. . I have eaten at Joe's BBQ, which has great food so I was expecting the same...... Well I got better. We had breakfast and it was delecious. By far the best bacon I have ever had. I got a waffle as well and it was so fluffy and tasty. I have yet to try the lunch and dinner menu but the breakfast will keep me coming back. Outdoor seating is nice and if its to warm inside is avaliable as well :)
Delicious BBQ pork, awesome scenery, you can sit inside or outside there is their farm all around the restaurant.  If you are within 40 mins of here you should make the trip!
I love the beet salad and date milkshakes. Food is really good and love the atmosphere. Tons of outdoor seating under huge trees. Another good place for big groups and or bringing kids.
Great food, short waiting time, and great ambiance.!
Nice place
Simple food made great with quality ingredients. Ahi tuna sandwich, sweet potato fries, fried green beans with garlic butter and a milk shake is a MUST!
Holler, love it every time.
Real good, great atmosphere. Nothing much else like it nearby in AZ, feels like an old farm. The bathrooms are cool too if you get a chance to check them out.
Who doesnt love this place??   Been coming back over and over for years.....GOOD JOB!!!   Deep fried green beans are the best!!!
Oh what a happy day. . . This place has everything (if you oversee that it's in f!#@$g Gilbert, AZ lol). . The farm salad with thai dressing was OK but I'm positive that next time I'll have the fresh beet salad.. . But this is out of the subject. . . The Fontina burger is delicious, period! Full flavor cheese, perfect meat, nothing not to love about this burger. (I didn't eat the bun since I'm trying to skip some carbs but it looked great).. . The onion rings are the best I've ever tried. Not that I'm a big fan of onion rings but this ones are a mandatory dish.. . The place is family orientated, nice and modern decor, the bathrooms are interesting, btw. They have some weird decor (I won't spoil it, check it out by yourself). . . The price is pretty decent (if you oversee the gas to drive to f!@$#g Gilbert, AZ lol).. . A great place that worth the trip.. . I'll be back soon.. . Cheers.
I absolutely love Joe's Farm Grill! I've had pizza, burgers, BBQ, salads, fish, and hot dogs. Every item is great. The salads are especially good, probably because they grow the greens right there on the farm. If you like Joe's you should try the sister restaurant in downtown Gilbert Joe's Real BBQ.
Definitely worth the drive!  Great food and neat atmosphere.  The grilled peanut butter banana split sandwhich was amazing!!
Food was great! Farm fresh ingredients. Pulled pork was delicious and the ribs were fall off the bone good!
We love coming to Joe's Farm Grill. The food is always great and when the weather is nice we love sitting outside to eat. I like that the food tastes fresh and pretty much anything on the menu is good. My boyfriend and I love their Ahi Tuna Sandwich. It's our favorite. They give you a large size Ahi Tuna with wasabi mayo and slaw with the sandwich. So good!!!
This is one of the best places I've eaten at. Every meal has been absolutely excellent and tastes fresh! My personal favorite is the seared Ahi tuna sandwich. My only complaint is that there is always a long line to order, but that just speaks to how popular this place is. Highly recommend Joe's!
I went here with a friend and my toddler. We had amazing food for a great price. We got lucky and it wasn't packed. I love that they grow most of their food themselves. We walked around after in the Agritopia community gardens and is was so nice. I wish I could visit more often.
Unique place with FRESH food! Be prepared to order and pick up your own food then eat out in the picnic area. Indoor seating is available, but there's not much. The restaurant is right across from Agritopia - a farm, and they grow a lot of their own ingredients there. I always get a fresh date shake when I go - it's extra sweet, but yum!
I already loved Joe's but recently I accidentally ordered what I thought was a portobello mushroom sandwich, but it was actually a burger. (I'm a vegetarian) They switched out the meal for a veggie pizza with no fuss. Thanks Joe's!
Awesome food.  Everything we have had has been great!  We stop in several times on our trips to Arizona.  Unique dining experience.  Joes farm grill was featured on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives.
Great spot to sit and enjoy the outdoors while having dinner with family/friends. food is great a wide selection for any taste buds.
Great food, fresh from the farm. These burgers are some of the very best anywhere. The BBQ Bacon Bleu Burger is my favorite in PHX. . . The weather from November - April is great and bing quite a crowd to enjoy the picnic benches outside. Expect a 45 minutes wait from the pop-up tents over the walk way on in.. . The BBQ chicken pizza is very good, we like to add pesto sauce as well.. . When available, the Butter Pecan Milkshakes are fantastic.. . Don't miss the French Fries which come in great varieties: garlic, sweet potato (with pineapple dipping sauce), and baked potato (all the baker toppings on top of fries)!. . The homemade onion rings were featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. They are extra crunchy and made from scratch.. . Since our family eats here a lot I like to mix things up by ordering other great menu items like the breaded green beans and the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.. . The Fried Zucchini is great, some people think the sauce is too acidic tasting but it depends on the season and the tomatoes used at the time.. . I love that Joe honored his childhood home by preserving it as a retro-futuristic cool establishment. Visit the bathrooms to see the full design details.
I really liked the atmosphere of this place. I went a couple of weeks ago and the weather was nice to sit outside. . . I wasn't really that hungry, so I had grill cheese. Even if I got something really simple, it was really good. The fries were really good too!. . Must go!
Great menu choices, delicious food, fun and comfortable atmosphere, and extremely nice employees! I highly recommend eating here. There is also a very nice cat who hangs out outside :)
Love the atmosphere of this place!. . Food: We had the FONTINA BURGER, GARLIC FRIES, and their SEASONAL SHAKE (BUTTER PECAN).  All of it was very delicious!  I love coming here, but hate the long lines.  But they do go quickly so don't mind making a trip out here once in a while!. . Service:  everyone was very friendly!
Great food! Garlic fries are the best. Great burgers, pizza, shakes, everything is recommended at Joes!
I love going here, the food and atmosphere is great. No wonder Drive ins diners and Dives found it
Joe's really cares about their customers and their input.  I did receive an email shortly after my review and apologoized for my bad experience.  I will definitely be giving this place another try.  Five starts to them for listening.  Defintely an establishment for long term customers.
There's much to love about Joe's. Quality is consistent, service is efficient, and the food is good, simple, and fresh. This is not the cheapest place to have lunch, but it's the best, and I'm all about their farm-in-the-city philosophy.. . Here are my highlights:. . 1. The pesto chicken sandwich. I order it without the bun, so it comes heaped with crisp dark lettuce, tomato, fresh sauteed mushrooms, and enough (house-made!) pesto to cover every bite.. . 2. The sweet potato fries with spicy-sweet pineapple dipping sauce. Never have healthy sweet potatoes tasted almost unhealthily delicious.. . 3. The onion rings. Thick cut with rosemary herb panko makes them unique.. . As a side note, the HUGE tree next to the outdoor seating area is spectacular.
Love this place!!!!. Awesome atmosphere great for the kids and as far as the food goes I love the giant shrimp basket and the farm burger. Gives you feeling of being out in the country even though your surrounded by sub divisions and freeways
Good place for common food!!!. Ingredients tasted incredibly fresh for a dessert restaurant. LOVE the garlic fries. Nice view of the Superstition mountain. . . Be prepared to wait, everyone wants to try this delicious food.
Breakfast is awesome! I tried the 3B (buttermilk, blue cheese, bacon) pancakes the other day. Very interesting! Love all the fries! The ahi tuna sandwich or the pesto chicken sandwich are to die for...Stop over at the coffee shop next door for a cupcake.
I love love love this place and take out of town visitors here when I have the chance. It's usually about $10 for a burger which is average amongst restaurants but the food is delicious!  The onion rings in the burger is a great touch too. Great place to eat and hang out!
My friends, the breakfast here is second to none. Try the apple fritters. They are heaven in your mouth. The only knock on this place is the location...2,000 miles from my place is too far.
Fresh!! Food is delicious it is always fresh and straight from the farm. I love the fontina burger with garlic fries! It gets busy if you're there right at noon or right at six. So go early to avoid the lines
The pretty grounds and the relaxed down-on-the-farm atmosphere make this a great place to have lunch outdoors.  The food is casual, tasty and the service friendly.  It is very popular so, you might prefer to go there on off-hours.
Always really love this screwy place & think it's worth the 66 mile round trip from my house.  Today I was joined by Mike C. & Jackie C. and my order was for a Fontina Burger which has 6 oz. of tasty beef, roasted & diced red peppers, grilled mushrooms, lettuce, tomato slices, pickle, onions, farm-made pecan pesto & fontina, whatever that is.  The important thing is that this burger was GREAT, & so were the fries (one of several side choices) that are included with the burger!     :-)). . Fontina Burger & Fries $9.49
I would say this restaurant is one of those hidden treasures of the East Valley.  I actually heard about a customer appreciation day on the radio, so I just had to visit.  The line was about 1.5 hours long for a free burger, fries and soda - and it was certainly worth it.  I will definitely return soon!  Excellent food, great atmosphere, and great service - you just can't beat that!
Absolutely one of those places you need to experience. The lunch rush is a little bit of a hassle but more than worth it if you are looking for authentic american classics. Joe's onion rings are big circles of happiness so don't hold back on them!
This place is the bomb!  Love coming here during nice weather months where you can sit under a huge tree with shades...kinda like a nice picnic afternoon.  I usually get their chicken tenders with fries!  This is the best and juiciest tenders I've ever had.  It's panko fried tenders, so not too greasy.  Also had their burgers, fried zucchinis, salads, ahi sandwich...all delish!  Don't get the bbq stuff here.  Since I'm comparing it to their other resturant, Joes bbq, it's dry and doesn't taste as fresh.  To top it all their milkshakes are soooo good!  Especially the strawberry one.  You can taste small chunks of strawberries, which I love!  Plan on waiting in line during the busy lunch and dinner hours...especially on the weekends.  It's all worth the drive and wait!
My absolute favorite is the salmon salad which I swap out the Caesar for the Farm salad with citrus vinaigrette. OMG. I'm in love! This place is great. They are always so friendly and helpful. And amazing cooks.
This was our first visit to Joe's.  There were 6 in our party and we all enjoyed our late lunch.  We had the B4 Burger, pulled pork sandwich, grilled chicken sandwich, salmon platter, grilled cheese sandwich & grilled cheese pizza. The food was excellent, especially the B 4 burger- cheddar cheese, blue cheese, onion ring & the best burger I have had in a long time! All of the sides were delicious as well.  The strawberry lemonade was the bomb!  Find a picnic bench under a tree and enjoy! What a relaxing way to spend the later part of the day!!
Another instance of hearing people talk about a place for years before I got there. I live in CenPho, and making the trek to Gilbert happens every few years for me. Until now. My boyfriend lives out there, so I am starting to check places out now.. I love the Farm. The restaurant itself reminds me of the architecture of a drive-in snack bar. It's wide open with a lot of glass. There is a long, family-style table in the main room. There is another room off that, and a ton of picnic tables outside.. I had a burger with garlic fries. I still think of those fries! My burger was cooked perfectly, as I like my meat rare.. My favorite parts, though, were the root beer floats, and the bathrooms. You make your own root beer floats. They give you the cup with the soft-serve ice cream in it, and you go over to the pop machine and add as much as you want. So cool!. I really want to take the tour they offer here. I grew up in the country, and after living in the city for 11 years, it's quaint for me and reminds me of home. (Upstate NY)
the breakfast potatoes omg.
This place is a GEM! Its a grill, every bit what I remember as a child, but ridiculously awesome food. The pizza was amazing, probably the best burgers I have had in my life, fresh squeezed lemonade was to die for. I cannot believe Ihave driven right past this place for so many years!
Fantastic setting, great food...such a cool local spot! Would for SURE have to take anyone there from out of town. Outside seating, farm fresh and organic food, nice staff, great breakfast! You order first, then sit, they give you your pager and then you grab everything you need and by that time your food is ready! Love this place!!!
