Wow! The place deserves 6 stars!!!!!!!! Ok, I'm generally not that picky about my hotels. But for vacation or even business I like a good price . Easy access. Comfortable Bedding & bed. And of course CLEAN good air/heat n bug free.. Clean& cost is  first above anything else. .  . Late check out?? Not a problem here !!!! They will never bother you!  Put a: do not disturb on the door. You can assure you can sleep in till 6pm! . . Gift shops & restaurants galore! . . Customer service is 6 stars! By far the best. Plasma tv's ,iPod  adapter stereos in all rooms, in room safe, in room printers, 5star room service , hot hot shower water. . . Down comforter blankets , pillow top mattress ,bed is king size. . Robes and slippers. . View of the strip or Las Vegas golf courses . . High tech futuristic looking lobby & casino . Confidential & . NIG listing available - which is Non Registered Guest. In case you don't want anyone to know your room number . It puts your room in their system as vacant & off limits to house keeping or anyone. Under no circumstances can they tell anyone any info even the person who paid your room. Unless you grant access they must tell anyone and everyone " there is no guest registered under this name." . A lot of celebs use this a lot. Most hotels do not offer this unless it's a huge hotel. Or 5star hotel. I believe all Hilton's might.. . The air unit in the room is central & digital & works great. They have special walls that are built so the wall covers the top part of the curtain. That way you can sleep all day no worry of bright sun. . You are able to look out but the sun is unable to beam in that spot in , which causes over heated rooms. Not a problem at Hilton. They also use black out drapes..   The upgraded rooms feature big oval tubs .  And upgraded features and counter tops walls and floors in the bathroom. . The standard room features huge gold framed full length mirrors .. . This hotel offers my favorite chain  hair salon "regis" which uses all chi ion hair dryers and flat irons! . . The hotel offers a gym, spa, pool, amazing wedding chapel & packages! Gift stores . The official Elvis & Marilyn Monroe souvenir shop! . Oh and a Starbucks !. And much more.. This hotel uses the monorail straight from the casino area. .  . I once wanted to try out each hotel in Vegas... I'm. Sure I still will but so far I wouldn't mind never seeing another hotel again after staying here!!!!!. If I were the pickiest person in the world this hotel far exceeded my expectations!
Our experience was great......due partly to timing since when we got there, they had no king-sized bed for us as we had reserved. Instead, we were upgraded for free to a suite on the 17th floor in the East Tower with a queen-sized bed. . . The room was awesome. Super clean. Huge bathroom. Two showers. We had a great view, mini-fridge, and large flat-screen. Great for $78 on a holiday weekend.. . The walk to the stip really isn't that bad. We walked there and back instead of paying $10 to take the monorail each way. . . When we got back to our room at midnight, we ordered french toast and a cheeseburger. Both were DE-LISH! The $2.50 additional room-service charge that they added to the bill is super lame, but whatever.. . Great experience for a great price!
Love this place! we stay there everytime.  join the Players Club and receive continuous deals such as 3 nights/ $99! Can't beat that! Excellent rooms, decent buffet, just far enough off the strip, with a monorail station to get you there conveniently.
My friends & i recently stayed here the weekend before Valentines day,. & before i go on, let me just add that were all 22/21 yrs old, on a tight budget & not looking for anything luxurious, just a nice clean place to stay while we party.. . We got a good deal on a room online & when we arrived they offered us a 20$ upgrade a night to a room with 200 extra sq ft. the lady said it had a separate seating area so i just figured maybe another table & more chairs but to our surprise there was a couch, a bench, & a chair with a leg rest, which accommodated the 5 of us comfortably with a lot of extra space.. . The beds are AMAZINGLY comfortable, & the shower head was "effing amazing!" so my bf says. i dont see it a big problem that its not on the strip especially when its hundreds of dollars cheaper & you get to take the monorail! which is sooo much fun LOL
For a hotel in Vegas not on the Strip, this one was great! Hilton's are nice hotels in general, and this one was no exception. A short taxi ride away from the strip is a plus! Clean rooms, and a nice place to hang out altogether. The prices for the rooms were a great deal too, especially for a Hilton. If you are looking for a good place in Vegas and cant afford those pricey hotels on the Strip, this is a must stay!
Ok, I did find a crazy good deal on slickdeals.com to stay here for four nights, including the weekend for only $129, so that helped.  I got a great room with a veiw, slipped a 20 to the check in person, large, upscale, marble.  The buffett was B+, shirmp that you do not have to peel, a plus for $22.95, well prepared crab that was scored to make opening easier.  Great omlet cheif.  Huge tub could fit two.  Smaller, clean casino.  $14 for wi fi is a bummer.
Nice room, great buffet, and the monorail made getting around the strip easy and convenient.
I came with a group and the rooms were nice and we had a great time! They had a great special, people very nice, and a large casino! I will stay here again. Off strip but hop on the monorail and you will be on the strip in no time flat!!!!!!
We often stay at the MGM or other Hotels on the strip, but to save money we decided to stay at the LV Hilton because of the cheap rates! I booked a classic room, upon check in we were able to upgrade to a one bedroom suite for $40 a night!  We decided what the heck $40.00 for a suite, ok!  The Suite was located in the North tower, where all rooms have been renovated. When we got to the room we were suprised by how clean and modern the room was. The room was as good as it gets for the prive, the bedroom was huge! We had a king bed with a couch area and flat screen tv, that connected to a separate living area with a murphy bed, wet bar, couch and dining table with chairs. It was well worth our money! IWe will always consider the LV Hilton for future Vegas trips...
This hotel is a little aged, but they are going through renovations as we speak.. . I go to Vegas 10 to 15 times per year for various shows. This hotel is great because it's a short walk to the LV Convention Center. The walk is actually indoor and air conditioned because you walk through the LVH and it leads right to the side of the Las Vegas Convention Center.. . The staff is awesome here. They are very kind they will probably remember your name if you stay there enough times. This is simply because it's not a huge hotel. . . The buffet is pretty good and has unlimited beer and wine for a pretty descent price. . . They have a pretty cool program called "Go Green." The way it works is if you don't get a housekeeper to clean your room during your visit, the hotel gives you a $10 gift card that is good toward any restaurant or the Starbucks downstairs. . . If you are going to a show at the Convention Center and you don't want deal with a lot of traffic or you don't want to pay $20 to $30 for parking, then give this hotel a try. . . If you want to head to the strip and you don't want to pay a Taxi or you don't want to drive, you can also try the Monorail. It stops at the LVH and it's only $10 per day for unlimited usage.. . By the way, it use to be a Hilton and nothing except the price has changed after they took the name down. Their rates went down.. . . Five Stars and Two Thumbs Up to the LVH
By far my favorite place to stay at in Vegas. It has a low key atmosphere without all of the distractions most places in Vegas offer. Want to learn how to play craps or pai gow poker, stop in and find a table. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. It is off the strip but close enough that you could get to the heart of Vegas. Vegas is not Vegas to me unless I stay here. Rooms have recently been renovated also.
very impressed. First of all, disregard all the Hilton comments because they need a chance. I was there for a work convention. At first I was close to the elevator and I kept hearing the elevator moving up and down. That was my fault because I wanted to be close to the elevator. The staff immediately moved me to another room. After I complimented them they gave me 4 free drink coupons, they love me and I love them. . . Thanks LVH for making my stay fun.. . PS. whats up with the hotel name, its messing up my google search and how to find you guys hahaha
This is a true Las Vegas Icon. I love all the FREE events they have at the Casino. Like "Cool By The Pool","Club Oasis", And  "Old School By The Pool" on the weekends. I also have to thank the front desk for the huge room with an awesome view of the Vegas Strip! I will definitely be back soon.
I'm torn on the exact star rating.  For just the overall hotel... it would be about 3.5 to 4 stars compared to other hotels in "Vegas."  Away from Vegas, this would be closer to 4.5 to 5.  When you go to Vegas you get so jaded about hotels but then you have to factor in dollar for dollar, what's your value?  I'm sorry, but this hotel, you can get for around $25-$45 a night if you plan right.  Now, compare that to other hotels for the same price.  Driving in, I literally saw the Travelodge, a total hellhole, for "Starting at $39."  Um, a dump for more than I was paying for a very nice hotel with a dose of everything.  . . You have to know what you're getting... this hotel is a far better price than where it sits on the foodchain.  At the top, you have your;. . Encore, Wynn, Bellagio, Venetian.. . Then.... . Palms, Mandalay, Monte Carlo, Luxor, MGM, etc.... . Then.... . NY, NY, Circus Circus, Harrah's, Golden Nugget, etc.. . And this is right where the LVH would fall in line, right between that group and the following type;. . Terribles, Palace Stations... . . Then.... . Imperial Palace, etc.. . Now... with that said, look at the prices for the top hotels... and look at a dump like the Imperial Palace.  For the price of a room at the Imperial Palace, which is still probably more expensive, you get a really solid Vegas experience.. . However, there are some things on which to improve;. . IMPROVEMENTS. . #1 - ELEVATORS!!!!  It's ridiculous, the waits.  The reason why is that not all of them are working at one time and they are extremely slow.  Better yet, some elevators, like the one in the Central Tower (floors 1-15), at the far end on the right... it'll literally reset all of the floor numbers on every floor.  Numbers are pressed... then they vanish... you press them again... next floor, gone.  Then someone will get on and punch a lower floor, you go all the way back down and start again.  It's just absolutely the most ridiculously easy thing to fix and, clearly, this is not a priority.  There are literally crowds downstairs waiting, like 30-40 deep, at all hours of the day and night.. . #2 - The trash by the elevators.  Over the course of the weekend, we noticed the same overflowing trash can for three mornings... where in the hell was housekeeping!?  (Management, it was on the 14th floor.)  And the crazy thing is that when the elevator would go down and open on some floors... different smells would loft in from the various other overflowing trash cans.  People on the elevator noticed it before me but you definitely could smell it.  . . #3 - Controlling the people.  With a mid-level hotel, you get mid to low level people coming in.  There were kids at a basketball tournament, dribbling the balls in the lobby on the nice floor... nobody said a word to them but it just ruins the overall vibe... like, if they did that at the Bellagio, they'd be dragged outta there.  . . . I really see and like the potential in this hotel... how awesome would it be if they could tidy up those details and still offer these amazing rates?  But dollar for dollar, you're not gonna find this much to do or this nice of a hotel anywhere near these rates.  It's easily worth $100 week nights, $150 weekends... so when I got a room for $25 a night and $45 on the weekend nights, it's a steal.  Regardless, they need to get those elevators going because that's what everyone will remember... people were livid.. . I'm giving it five stars because I always look at the 'wow' factor per dollar, and it's a no-brainer.  It's not perfect here but it's far more value per dollar than basically anywhere in town.
I was at LVH for CES, the Consumer Electronic Show in Jan. 2013.. . I will stay here again in 2014. It was perfect for me and my wife..  . With as many people were going through... I was so impressed that entire hotel was spotless anytime I walked through. . . The room was clean, towels were soft, the bed was comfy, the walls thick (I couldn't hear other rooms which was a problem at another hotel)  and staff was so helpful. The valets hustled to get cars through quickly and when I asked, one valet gave me a great suggestion for a place to eat!. . The hotel was built in 1969...it's not trying to be the newest and most fabulous. . . Since the convention consumed my days and I didn't want to go out each night to eat I was also grateful that the hotel has MANY different options for food. From Pizza Hut to Benihanas and everything in between. . . I highly recommend this place. Seriously, stay here, save money on the room - save your hard earned money for all the great things to do in Vegas; eat, play, party, gamble and relax or whatever you enjoy...
Not sure why there are all these bad reviews, but our stay was fantastic. We booked a lanai room. It was the bestroom in Vegas, and our last stay was at the Encore. Clean and well appointed. Maybe some of the other rooms aren't that nice?
We went during the first weekend in April for the American Country Awards and stayed at the hotel since it was off the strip but close to everything (the tram) I recommend paying for day passes for the tram for as long as you are there. The savings are better that way and you can hop off and on the tram all the way to the MGM. . . Our room was perfect, North tower 16th floor, with a great view of the 'strip'. Stay in the North tower, renovated rooms, close to tram and the restaurants down stairs.The kids enjoyed the hotel, especially the pool, although the jacuzzi was not working when we went down, but the pool was nice. The room was nice and comfortable and spacious. We bought bottled water and put it in the refrigerator (they have bottled water there in the room but charge $4.00 a bottle. We didn't use the safe, which costs extra money or internet, which also costs additional money. We used are smart phones and didn't need to hook up a lap top.. . The staff was nice and greeted us with smiles and helped us out the whole time we were there. The wait on check in and check out was a few minutes and there were no long lines. Even at the buffet which they comped for us, instead of using our spa credit. The buffet was very nice plenty of great food, from asian cuisine to pasta. We stuffed ourselves. . . It was a great time and we will be going back to Vegas and staying here.
I enjoyed staying here. I enjoyed the Buffett and signed up for the players rewards.. The rooms were clean and ready for us to check in.
Wow! What an awful experience! My friend and I checked in to lvh and regretted every minute , besides Benihana . The staff was so rude and made us wait everywhere . You can tell they do not have enough staff. At the bell desk we waited 10 min before anyone even acknowledged us. There was dust all over our room. It was so gross! The manager was even rude when we complained. Never again!
Great stay in suite. And awesome rate. Won big here. no strip drama close monorail. What else do u need.
had an awesome time all 3 nights love the convenience of having a coffee shop near the elevators loved the pool stayed for free can i ask for something better than than that no will i be back yes free or not free i will be back
I stayed at this hotel on Thursday 8/29/13 through Monday 9/2/13 for the Labor Day Weekend. Honestly, this is one of the best hotels you can stay in Las Vegas for a reasonably low price. My rates for thurs $24, fri $44, sat $100, sun $36, my total price including resort fees is less than $300 for four nights and five days. That's an awesome deal for me. . . PROS:. . -Parking garage is the best in Las Vegas, it's not like a crazy busy maze full of crazy taxi drivers and drunk tourists who go 50 miles an hour in the garage. It's very spacious, quiet,  and empty! You can get parking space next to the elevators and walkways easily. My room # 23-110 North Tower is right next to the garage. From my room, I can get to the garage in less than 5 minutes.. . -The pool area is big and spacious, it has the cabanas and a DJ, you can request songs for him to play and he'll play them right away, because it's just the right amount of people, not overly crowded, which means he can cater to all your favorite songs. I felt like a VIP.. . -The room I stayed in was nice and clean, the people that say it's a horrible hotel must be those uppity types. TIP: ASK FOR THE NORTH TOWER, these are the newly upgraded rooms.. . -If you stay at the North tower, the garage is a straight line, you don't even have to go through the casino dragging your luggage like a lost puppy. . . -You receive to 2 for 1 tickets to Raiding the Rock Vault for staying at the hotel, it's honestly one of the best shows in Vegas compared to when I saw the Cirque Soleil Beatles on Saturday and paid $210 for 2 tickets and was completely bored throughout the show. Rock the Vault plays  for 2 hours straight playing live rock n roll songs from the 60's through the 90s, the bands made up of guys from quiet riot, guns n roses, foreigner, and so on.. . -You can lounge out at the defunct Star Trek space lounge, it's cool because no one there and you can take pictures of the bar and spacy lounges and sleep there it's so quiet and cold. Perfect on a hot day outside.. . -The monorail is on the hotel, you can use it to sight see Vegas and tour the strip north to south.. . CONS:. . -The shower head is place a bit low for my height and I'm not tall (5'11), you kinda have to bend to shower your hair.. . -The reception on the tv is not HD but just standard.. . Definitely my favorite hotel to stay cheap in Vegas and get great value for your money.
I stayed here over Labor Day weekend 2013. By far a better experience than I ever thought of. The hotel staff was fantastic. The casino staff was helpful (though they would not give back my money after I lost it..lol) to learn some of the games. It is not right ON the strip, but it's close enough that you can easily walk to where you want to go or even take the monorail. I highly highly suggest staying there and will stay there again next year when I visit. The pool area was awesome, the maid service was awesome, and the location to other attractions was walkable. Be sure to ask for an upgrade upon registration. It never hurts to ask, right?
When we checked in they were going to put us in a room with two double beds. I told the guy it was out anniversary and he found us a room with a queen bed. When we got to our room it was clearly a smoking from. Since it was already almost midnight we toughed it out. This morning I went down to the check in counter, explained we were in a smoking room and they moved us to a non smoking room with a king bed. We have to wait until this afternoon to move but still great customer service. The best was when I said thank you and apologized for being a pain, the woman helping me said "no problem! We are here to make you happy". So far everything has been awesome (except losing money gambling).
I have to post a much needed comment regarding my recent experience with LVH, our last visit was not the greatest but Travis who I believe is in their marketing dept has been great with providing us a quick response to our issue and has given us the utmost customer service. We have been going to the LVH when it was the Hilton and they always have had great prices even during holiday weekends. But speaking with Travis has turn our disappointment into a more positive outlook of the hotel. They truly do want to go above and beyond for their guests. Also their buffets are awesome. Thanks Travis. See you soon!
Haven't been in this hotel since 1999 and it was  called the Las Vegas Hilton. I was here because some friends of mine got married in Benihana and the ceremony was absolutely beautiful. Staff was so nice and they went out of their way to make sure we were taken care of.
In the month of October we had to make several trips to Las Vegas. We stayed at the LVH and our stays there were most enjoyable. If you don't have a car to get around with in Vegas then the LVH is the hotel for you. The Monorail is right inside the hotel so it made it easy for us to get around Vegas. The service from the valet to the housekeeping were all helpful and at our every beck and call. They gave us a late check out and didn't harass us with calls to check-out at 11am. Parking is free and the valet is quick and efficient. Baggage help is always available. And they give free stuff to LVH members. So sign up...its free. We will be using the LVH in all our stays and suggest it to everyone needing an affordable place to stay but with the red carpet treatment of the City center.
I had my wedding reception here.... It was amazing but the only thing I had a problem with was the coordinator of my reception.... They had told me to fax credit card info to them 2 weeks prior to event to charge my credit card.... But they decided to wait until after the reception..... But didn't inform me of this..... So when they decided to charge my card..... It didn't go through... Obviously....& expected to be paid.... I told them a few home truths and stated I would not be paying until I had the money.... And how dare they  change something without asking the bride first.... Other than that it was perfect.... Perfect waiters, bar tenders, great food
