Dear Mindy,. . I love you, you stole my heart.. . At first I thought we were going to be disappointed as we waited in the pending to be seated bench for over 20 minutes as we saw servers slowly clear tables one plate at a time. Soon after, we were seated at a table with no silverware and no one taking our drink orders. When we asked for assistance, Mindy came to the rescue.. . She is a doll of a person, a happy-go-lucky lady with the swagger of a G6, sashaying through the tables with her trusty bottle of champagne. Thankfully, she didn't mind that I would finish the champagne before she finished refilling the table, thus getting second helpings.. . The food was top-notch. I died on crab legs. Their sausage was so good too, as is their chicken, duck, buttered broccoli, and mashed potatoes. Skip the french onion soup. It looked gross and tasted bland.. . However, the hat is tipped to Mindy.. . Thank you Mindy for encouraging us to get the most bang for our buck when it came to 3:30 and the last round of champagne has come. Your Grace Kelly charm and Tina Fey wit was not unnoticed, as well as all the strings you pulled to make our buffet experience beyond all buffet experiences.. . That little extra effort makes all the difference, and the $$$ in tips.. . Though I have thus returned back to my suburban enclave, I've left my heart in Las Vegas.. . Je t'embrasse
Had a good dinner here as part of my Buffet of Buffets deal. Salmon was moist and fresh. The best selection of cheeses, breads, and crackers. Seafood not very appealing due to presentation. Neat French-themed ambience.
Ok this may be my favorite buffet in all of Las Vegas. They have the best frozen yogurt I have ever had, let me just start there, A FroYO station!!! There is tons of variety and because this buffet is at The Paris, there is a large selection of Parisian options as well, to make you feel right at home. The whole Paris hotel and casino has this really fun outdoor theme going on so sitting in their dining room is like sitting in a Paris courtyard...kind of ;)
This was our favorite buffet from the buffet of buffets choices. There were a lot of choices and everything we tasted was great. . . We got there around 9:15 on a Monday and only waited about 10 minutes to be seated. . . All in all, we loved it and so will you.
I've only enjoyed this buffet for breakfast, but it was excellent!. . Arriving around 9 AM, we were the only two guests there under the age of 60, which gave us a chuckle.  Why we were up and at'em that early in Vegas is another story altogether.  Anyway, we did have somewhere in the vicinity of a 20-minute wait to be seated, but it was worth it.. . The buffet is broken up into multiple stations, each offering different regional French fair.  There are obviously your standard breakfast items available, but the more abstract items really drew our attention.. . They have $10 bottles of wine (yeah it was breakfast, what of it?) and a great crepe station.. . I highly recommend this buffet for breakfast.
GET THE BUFFET OF BUFFETS.  Seriously.  Do it.  $44.99 for those with Player's Cards or $49.99 without.  This is a 24-hour buffet pass you can use with 6 other buffets in Vegas: The Rio carnival buffet, Imperial Palace, Harrah's, Flamingo's, Caesar's Palace's Lago buffet, and Planet Hollywood (huh?).. . The Prime Rib is delicious.  It melts in your mouth.  The flavor is also fantastic.  I haven't had one this good in Vegas.. . I loved the crepes too.  Customize them any way you want.  I had the glazed bananas inside with chocolate.  Then I drizzled the top with vanilla & almonds.  Super delicious.. . If there weren't other buffets for me to explore, I would have gone back here for all of my meals during my stay in Vegas.
Too great to believe!!!!
I have been the Le Village Buffet for brunch several times.. . This time I tried their dinner menu. I was very impressed! The duck meat, ribs, and creme brulee were to die for.
Champagne brunch was AMAZING!  Service was incredible, variety excellent.  Line was at least an hour...but you can pay 10 bucks to skip it!  We didn't know this beforehand.  Bathrooms not so much.. . Only one stall...really?????
I'm  not a big Vegas guy, but I do enjoy the buffets there. I used to think that the buffet at The Rio was the best, and it would still be but in my humble opinion, it has been eclipsed by Le Village at Paris LV. The food stations are arraigned by the provinces of France. They have the Burgundy station with foods representative of what is prepared in Burgundy. There is also a Provence station, a Normandy station and a Alsace-Lorraine station. Being my mother's mother's family is from Alsace-Lorraine, I am immensely interested in what they have to serve. True it's a bit pricy, but if you wanted to take a gastronomic tour of France, it would cost you a hell of a lot more than the 28 bucks, or whatever they charge these days.
This buffet is sooo good!. The ham and everything tasted pretty good!. Yes!. They also have no suger added dessert! . A lot of selection and plus our  waitress was very nice and sweet!
From a vegetarian standpoint (although my meat-eater girlfriend agrees), bar none the BEST Vegas buffet. Well worth the hefty pricetage you'll pay almost any time of day for this killer buffet, which on my recent trip included: cheese ravioli w marinara or garlic cream sauce, fresh-baked breads, foreign cheeses, candied yams, mashed potatoes, roasted garlic potatoes, garlic green beans, and create-your-own-crepes were the best parts of the meal but I ate so much that I was literally in pain by the time I left.. . Non-vegetarian wise, my girlfriend loved the meat products, including fresh carved meats, sushi, seafood, chicken, French onion soup, and so much more. I can't recall everything that we ate, but we cleaned up good.. . I will say this, DON'T MISS THE CREPES but make sure you have room in your stomach to eat them because ooooh my god they are amazing. I ordered strawberry-banana-chocolate crepes and could only get through half of it, despite how bad I was drooling for more. My stomach just could not contain.. . The ambiance of the experience is half the fun as well. It's like you're sitting outside at a French market cafe, all blue skies above and a cozy, intimate seating area. Tres romantique, oui?
I have read the reviews and not sure where some of these people went because we go to the Paris Buffet (it is what we call it :) every time we go and it is always great!  I do NOT give it a 5 star rating lightly.  We have tried many of the buffets and it is the best for us.  We go in the late morning on Tues or Wed otherwise it is PACKED!  We do the breakfast first and then one lunch sampler and we are done!  The breakfast has different regions of France (american style of course) so you get eggs, potatoes, sausage and bacon made all different ways!  The waitstaff is always attentive and pleasant.  The crepes are pretty fantastic.  We take folks there all the time and everyone is happy.  The lunch has so many different itemsand all of them are delicious.  We can recommend this first if you want a great buffet in the land of buffets.
I cannot say enough how good this buffet was.  It was so good we went both on Saturday and Sunday and we weren't even guests at Paris hotel.  Just great selections, Crab Legs, Shrimp, Prime Rib, Corn Beef Hash, to name a few.. . FRESHLY made Crepes, the Creme Brulee made me want to do somersaults all through the restaurant.  So damn good!  I'm a big ice cream person and their Custard-style Ice Cream hit the spot, i even took a Cone to go!  I highly suggest Le Village Buffet.
still one of the best buffets in vegas...always great service and great food..was lacking in the dessert when i was there , had a lot of empty shelfs...overall still on the top of the buffets
Best buffet in Vegas.  Everything is great.  This is the most vegetarian friendly buffet also with lots of vegetables, crepes and salads.  It is pretty expensive, but worth the price.
Hubby and I trek through the desert a couple times a year to enjoy the sights, sounds and BUFFETS of Vegas and Le Village Buffet had us hooked from our very first meal there.  We have tried many of the buffets in Vegas but always return to Le Village, at least once and often a couple times during every trip there (the buffet "next door" is our second favorite!).. . The ambiance is quaint and charming with the setting reflecting an outdoor French cafe atmosphere looking up into a blue sky.  Relaxed - ready to hit the food line!. . While Le Village may not have as huge a selection as some of the other buffets in town, the quality of the food most definitely exceeds most of its competitors.  We have noticed in recent years that they no longer offer as many French items as they once had but, again, what they do have is of the highest quality, and when you can see them cooking it right there in front of you, you know it's fresh!. . The breakfast buffet is wonderful and includes every breakfast item imaginable!  One of my faves are the freshly-made Belgian waffles and Eggs Benedict.  Yummy!  And being the coffee-holic that I am, the pot of coffee that is left on your table for instant refills is all I need to make me a happy camper.. . If nothing else, the crepes alone, which are made to order, are reason enough to give this place a try - they are to-die-for!  . . You won't be disappointed in Le Village Buffet!!  :)
we had amazing service! we went during sunday brunch and the table had champagne. since my bf was a seven star at the casinos.. the waiter bought use our omelet, instead of having to wait in line. he even heated up our snowcrabs, since it was cold.... there was crepes! yum! all sorts of frenchie deserts. possibly the best buffet i had in vegas.. interior was beautiful.. it was like youre in another land. kinda like "its a small world" in disney.
My favorite buffet place to go to in Vegas.  The setting is really beautiful and right when you walk in you see a dessert place and you're instantly in heaven.  Their eclairs are probably the best ones I've had ever.  They had a good seafood selection too, which won big time points with me.  All in all, my opinion is that this is the best buffet in Vegas!
Came here for lunch on a friday, had such a LONG wait in line (even if the line wasn't that long , apparently there was a big group inside so they were splitting up the tables after they left)  was I glad we didn't leave the line. . . First off, the prime rib was real tasty , they even had the Canard a l'Orange that tasted exactly like the one I had when I was in Paris (France , not vegas). The selections were great and everything was tasty.. . I can go on and on about how great the food was (maybe because I love french food) but the dessert was THE main event for me.. . 2 things : the crepe station and the creme brulee. . The crepe station was amazing since you can pretty much think of what ever crepe you want, and they will make it for you and you can come back for more.. . Now for the creme brulee , the fact that you can eat as much creme brulee as you want makes the price more than worth it.
This buffet was by far the best one I went to with my 7 buffets in 24 hours pass. I went for breakfast since I remember it having a good reputation and it was such a good decision! Everything was just so good, and so many choices, I don't even remember everything I ate to list it all out. The servers were genuinely happy to serve and that was refreshing, especially since they had so many people to assist. Note: try to make it before 10:30, lines really start to get long and the wait will most definitely be an hour and a half...plus!
Le Village Buffet is by far my favorite. This place is not cheap but it's worth the price and the wait if there are long lines. Personally I prefer going during dinner time, that's when all the prime ribs and delicious meats come out! And their desserts are aaaaaamazing, I have to have the flan and the creme brulee x2 the most. ha ha ha!. . Love the atmosphere and the service is good. So if you are in Vegas, make sure you stop by, it's well worth the try!
This review is for the Breakfast portion of LeVillage Buffet!!. . After a rather disaapointing Buffet at Rio the night before we where almost ready to give up on the whole buffet scene at Vegas. It seems people in this city prefer quantity over quality. NOT my thing.. . BUT Then came La Village Buffet...the answer to Vegas mediocrity had been infront of my eyes all along in my very own hotel! (The hotel I was staying in I dont own Paris Paris...I wish!) . . What got us to give another buffet a go once again?? Two things!!. . 1. We were famished... 2...$5 all you can drink Mimosas...... need I say more??? ;) No...I need not.. . It was a breakfast paradise and I am the kind of person who typically just has coffee and a pastry for breakfast... but this was enough to turn breakfast into my favorite meal for a day! A Crepe station, build your own bagles and lox, all sorts of eggs and fresh fruit lovely potatoes and hash......turkey and chicken sausage and bacon.....It was all great quality food as well and choice cut meats. . .... this was really the best buffet in Vegas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . . So I just read my own review after about a year and... I think the company and the Mimosas really heightened the experience that night.... . Still the best buffet I had in Vegas without a doubt though.
OMG! One of Thee best breakfasts I have aver had!! Everything was super fresh and delicious! I had eggs, bacon, sausage, a couple pancakes, hash browns, ham, turkey, pot roast, roast beef (super Amazing), Corn beef hash (thee best), and a chocolate banana crepe! wow I have never had a crepe before and I have to say I don't know what I was doing with my life before this!! To drink just good plain apple juice which was super good maybe cuz they sprinkled it with crack! JK! but everything was awesome and the service was just as equally great! The wait was a little long so we paid the extra $10 per person to skip the line to the express pass, and it was well worth it! The best buffet by far, we also tried the Spice Market at the Planet Hollywood and we were not impressed at all either with the food selection, taste/quality or the service!
Excellent all around.  Inspired French-themed buffet choices with everything a tasty delight.  From the faux Parisian street cafe decor to the savory cheeses & meats, saucy ratatouille and crispy-skinned creme brulee.  Deservedly popular, and an included venue for the "Buffet of Buffets," so anticipate a wait.  Come hungry and ooh-la-la!
This review is for their BRUNCH.. . Last Saturday the wife and I decided to have brunch here, as this was our hotel and I'd heard that the brunch was really good. I feared a really long line since we arrived after 11, but was surprised to find a somewhat long, but fast moving line. We couldn't have been in it for anymore than 20-30 minutes max. Once we got in and seated, it was on. There was unlimited champagne included, a made to order crepe station, an omelet station, lots of desserts, lots of breakfast foods, and lots of not breakfast foods. Our favorites were the smoked salmon, prime rib, peel & eat shrimp, eggs benedict, and the steak. Our service was fine, the decor/setup of the place was kinda cool, and we enjoyed a leisurely meal to begin our day. We went to the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo the next day(I have a review on that as well), and we both agree that it is hard to choose which is better between the 2. Come here and I doubt you will be disappointed.
I bought the Buffet of Buffets pass and went here for breakfast.  All I can say is wow - what a meal!. . I went here for breakfast on a Monday, and the line was about 30 minutes long.. . First of all, if you dine here for breakfast, you must try the crepes.  I got a berry-filled crepe with raspberry coulis and it was one of the top crepes I'vehad.  The only issue with this station is that they really stick to their menu and don't customize your choice.  So you're pretty much out of luck if you wanted to add some bananas to your berry crepe.. . There was a vast selection of breakfast food - they had every type of breakfast potato, including hash browns, roasted, scalloped and shredded - and it didn't taste like cheap buffet food.. . Next time I'm in Vegas, I am definitely returning here for breakfast.
Now THAT's how you cook vegetables! (says the vegan who has limited options at a Vegas buffet) ;D. . The main palate pleaser for me was the Curried Cauliflower. Great spices, very flavorful, super filling. . . Other vegan friendly options were simple yet tasty: sauteed mushrooms, brussel sprouts, broccoli, green beans, sweet potatoes, dolmas...even something as simple as hummus & cucumber was fresh and delicious  - especially with french bread!. . Seriously, look at this plate: http://su.pr/30NfHM. . Now image sitting in an outdoor (even though you're indoor) French cafe paradise with elegant lighting. http://su.pr/3gVqJE Then the server comes to your table offering champagne. Mais oui, it is included in the price of your meal! It's bottomless too and we took full advantage of that! ;D
My first Las Vegas buffet!  Came here last year with two of my girl friends. We got in line and were immediately greeted by a manager who took us out of the line and brought us through a  roped off special entrance to the left. We payed for the buffet, he sat us immediately, snapped to the waiter and ordered us champagne on the house. The food was really good and the waiters were amazing. I am going back with my husband next week. I'm sure the service will be a bit different but I am still looking forward to the food!
This was my gf and my first stop on our Buffet of Buffets tour of 24 hour dining through Total Rewards. It is such a great deal if you have never tried it. . . The champagne brunch on Sunday was just terrific as you can have unlimited champagne or mimosa's. The buffet here has a lot of variety and you can get crepes here made to order plus other cooking stations around for made to order items. The prime rib and tri-tip steak was just heavenly good, tender and moist. Yumm!!!. . This is one of my favorites in term of ambience because it looks like a small village inside the buffet. Very cozy if you can get a table right in the middle of where the buffet area is at and the lighting is lower there.. . The service was great as they always refilled our glass with champagne glasses over and over a few times without asking even though they were very busy.
Five star earned due to the food varieties & quality. We came a little around 1130am & it was only 10-15 minutes' wait time...not bad on a Sunday morning (: The village decor is so welcoming; not to mention the friendly & efficient service! We were immediately served with mimosas which got refilled many times without asking ;) I like their crepes station that serves both sweet & non-sweet types...I got nutella with banana & it was huge & delish (: My bf had blueberries & he liked it too! He also told me they got great dessert & excellent prime ribs!!! P.S. You gotta come here if you are in LV next time & so will I for the encore!!!
Since we stay at the Paris hotel often when we come to las vegas we always enjoy our dinning at LE Village Buffet doesn't matter if its breakfast ,lunch or even dinner . The food is simply amazing here  and so many different choices of foods its crazy . I just love the  decor is so welcoming and i love the waitress and waiters outfits you just feel like Ur in Paris and not to mention the friendly  service everyone provides. . . The main thing is get there early for breakfast because if you come after 10 the line is pretty long which is no fun at all but its well worth the wait that's for sure. They sell beer,wine and cocktails but there mimosas are just Delicious .. . Can't say enough great things about this place yes its a buffet but its a pretty good one and everything has such great taste and lots of flavor  and is so fresh which is a good thing .  Like i said every time I'm in Vegas i eat here its just that good
I visit this place for a dinner on every trip to Vegas.. Food quality and diversity is outstanding. Over the years, it has changed a bit to a little less french and a little more continental - I wish they would revert to more french.. Everything we tried was expertly cooked and delicious.
Super yummy and the crepes are amazing!
OMG, is THIS one ever hard to rate!  You see, the atmosphere is OUT OF THIS WORLD!  You are "outdoors" in an ultra-cute little neighborhood in Paris, which features a number of cafes, each serving up a special selection of delicious foods from here or "another part of the world".  Judged on the looks of the place alone, this is my favorite restaurant in the whole world!. . Ok, so ce que le fuq# is your issue, you ask?  Why don't you just go ahead & rate this one the best of them all & get it over with?  I'm glad you asked that!     :-)). . For one thing, there are a number of different serving areas in here, & it's a challenge just to get around to all of them successfully without missing any.  Trying to count up the zillions of food items was a lost cause!  More importantly, there were individual chefs at various cafes, with lines of diners waiting to get whatever he was serving up.  It took time to get your food, & this was on a weekday morning.  Can you imagine what this scene would have been like on a weekend?     :-O. . It was also a bit of a wind to get back to our (gorgeous) little dining room with the food, because of all the the tables out in the "outdoor" dining area.. . The food?  Delicious overall!  A couple of my favorites were right at the end...  the Creme brulee & what comes out of the machine that says, "Vanilla Custard".  Don't kid yourself... this is heavy cream, cooled just enough so that it will work properly in the waffle ice cream cone & it tasted awesome beyond awesome!!     :-)). . Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $18.99
We ate here for lunch, so it was perfect!  The price was decent, and the food was so so good.  Brie and bacon macaroni and cheese, lots of tasty buttery garlicy French foods, the typical prime rib and such.  We both had DELICIOUS crepes that were stuffed with delicious things like candied walnuts and nutella.  The setting is pretty wonderful as well - it's like eating inside a Disney movie!
This buffet was the bomb!! . . An AMAZING selection of food laid out in a little village atmosphere, the service is on the spot and the food, not only extensive...but so tasty!!. . Stuffed myself silly on breakfast here! Just had to try almost one of everything! Not a huge buffet fan, but found myself really wishing we went back the next day instead of trying out the Wynn. . . Homemade crepes - yummy!! . Super Great egg concoctions...did I mention I love Brie and Feta?! Spinach too...you bet?!. . Nothing was sitting out for too long - probably too crowded for that! And rightfully so, everything was delicious! Can't say I had one bad thing here. Even smuggled out a few cookies to snack on during our adventures that day - couldn't eat them there at the buffet, was too stuffed!!. . Really loved my dinning experience here!!
I could eat crepes in this little parisian village all day long! . . My two favorite things about this buffet:  the crepe station and the atmosphere.. . I've eaten here twice, but the first time was on the last day of my bachelorette party years ago and I don't remember a whole lot... ;)  This last time we went during our Buffet of Buffets experience (which I promise I'll review...soon) and I'd have to say it was my favorite buffet of them all.. . We went for breakfast and I'm not a big breakfast person, so they had already started off at a disadvantage through no fault of their own!  We stood in line for a good while but once we got close to being seated and I could take in the full effect of the ambiance, my mood transformed!  How cute IS this place?!  The food is set up at little village "cafes" where you can choose from the selection of food.  We were seated in a little "cottage" off to the side...adorable.. . The food selection ranged from your basic breakfast buffet foods...eggs, bacon, sausage, french toast, various types of potatoes etc.  There was an omelette bar, which I did not take advantage of because I was quite happy with my egg, mushroom, tomato scramble.  After my first plate of "typical" breakfast choices, I headed straight for the crepe station.  The line was substantial (I started to worry our server would clear our table thinking we'd left), but I was entertained by watching the crepes being made (now that's a talent I'd like to master!).  There are many choices...to make it easy to order, they organized the menu into savory (hearty meal-like) and sweet (more dessert-like).  You can also customize your order if none of the menu items tickle your fancy.  I went with the fruity berry one and my husband went with the banana and Nutella one.  Both were magnificently delicious!  Pretty too!  I'll have to search for some pics that I took.... . Our service was decent.  Honestly, I was up and down so much getting food I didn't really have much need for anything.  She kept my juice replenished and I have no complaints.. . The real experience was just the summation of it all.  It's hard to put my finger on it...but I felt a certain degree of "special" from this place...and that's why it gets the 5 stars from me.
5 stars for breakfast! Get the Buffet of Buffets for $45 each all you can eat for 24hrs at 6 hotels and Le Village is one of the places you can indulge like a queen at. They have a crepe and omelette station so you can choose what you want which is a WIN WIN right away coz its all you can eat minus the line. (it gets pretty long so go there first). Service is sweet and the interior is cute, makes you feel like you're in Paris. Great variety of foods to choose from so take your time and enjoy!
Food:  Top notch.  Crepes.  Crepes.   Crepes.  I would have literally eaten every single option they offered if I could have.  My sister in law and I loved them!  Quite extensive and yummy food too.  . . Awesome. . . Service.  Sucked.  Not even a single drink refill.  Plates would stack up as we sat there.  Not in the least bit impressed.  Good thing the food was so good I didn't care.  We were with a party of 8 so they tried to charge us up front an automatic 17% tip, I hate it when places do that.  Feel like it's an excuse for them to provide crappy service, which was indeed the case.. . Price: $23.99 for a weekend brunch which I thought was ok.  You get $5 off with a rewards card.. . Go and enjoy!!!!!
As a proud glutton, here's a tip: come forbreakfast at 10:15am and you can stay for lunch.. . When I go on a trip, first and foremost, I need to know that my tummy is going to be taken care of. I don't give a hoot about scenery, I just want to eat. Maybe it's the Filipino in me, but I need breakfast, snack, lunck, snack, dinner and then after maybe something to tide me over till bedtime. Buffet of Buffets takes care of that and this is our first stop. . . We line up around 10am and it takes about 20 mins to get to the cashier. It's like Disneyland: you wait in line and just when you think you're inside, there's another snake-y line. So we pay and since I have a Total Rewards Card, a) it's cheaper by like $5 and b) I don't get to wear a bracelet all the live long day... you see this, you think it's for a club... no, it's for a buffet... ahahaaa.... . Our server is such a nice guy. So happy, so full of life... totally happy to help us get enough coffee, juice, pop (for me) and water... it must have been because he was off soon because another woman who looked really unhappy became our server. Still brought us our stuff, but I felt bad asking her.. . I started out with bacon and sausage... I picked up some macaron-y looking things and some yogurt with mangoes. Obviously, the meat was good. Who can screw up bacon? The macaron-y things were wonderful. I got two to start in case they were weird, but they were really crispy chewy with lemon curd in the middle. The mangoes were under ripe. My only complaint. Why can't I find good mango anywhere? Before breakfast was over, I ran and made sure I got a biscuit with country gravy. You wanna do this right? Get a bowl from the yogurt area to allow for maximum gravy on your biscuit without getting it all over your macarons.. . Then, the change over! Like a mad dash, all the people in the restaurant clamor to get in line. I have a slice of prime rib. Wow. The meat is cooked to my liking- rare and it's so tender. To go with that, I get some of the truffle mac and cheese. I wish I had gotten more. It's so creamy and the flavour is dare I say, AMAZING! So good. I've googled how to make it, but I don't even want to attempt in case I sully the good memory of this mac and cheese. Of course, I grab more desserts, but this time it's two creme brulees. The sugar was crackly... sometimes at buffets, the tops can be sub-par, but not here. . . Yum!
Only in Vegas you will have a chance be in Paris courtyard right in the US. I love love the way they set up the buffet, you really feel like you are eating outdoor. I came here to use my 24hr buffet and I am glad I pick this place. I got here around 6pm and it took around 30mins for me to be seated. Service is awesome, plenty of good food. They split the snow crab into half so you dont really need to break anything. Isnt it the second awesome thing. My stomach is literately growling thinking about the food I had while I am writing this review. Urghhh  the juicy beef , you can add some corn or garlic bread. Finish my meal with creme brulee, some cakes and cookie. It was the best out of 6 buffets on the list.
Best Prime Rib of any of the Las Vegas buffets!  A++. We stumbled on this buffet while celebrating my birthday last month.  We've been go to Vegas for 20+ years but never to the Paris hotel.  A few things really stood out:. - Nice atmosphere  (not your regular florescent buffet lighting).. - Every buffet has prime rib BUT this was the best I've had in Vegas. It was perfectly seasoned with salt & spices and so, so, TENDER.   . - Great selection of food, organized around french regions.. - The Seafood bar is not as large as the Rio but the clams & mussels were superb. . - Even the ice cream machine is A+ with Vanilla Custard (not just plain vanilla soft serve).. To my surprise - this was 4-5 star food served in at a buffet.  Woohoo.. **note** . If you do the Buffet Pass. Paris - A+. Rio - B+ (great selection whether regular or seafood). Cesar's - closed for remodeling (Major bummer!!). Imperial Palace - D. Flamingo - C. Bally's - Haven't tried
Maybe i just haven't been to Enough Buffets *OK that was sarcasm, I'm a fat girl who loves food* Anyways,  I got the 45 buck deal and I ate 5 meals here (yes I used the 24 hours worth of Buffets to just go here. The food amazing, Truffle Mac n Cheese, Amazing Neo-French Cuisine, Delish Crepes. Just plain yummy!
We visited more buffets than I'd like to admit during our last vacation. This one was definitely the best and surprisingly a lot of fun for two Americans who lived in France once upon a time. The food was very good and a wonderful variety. We even got the sample some regional styles we hadn't tried before. The crepe bar was my favorite part and the decor was a lot of fun.
I don't know what these prev. people are complaining about, they must be miserable cause this is the best buffet I've had in Vegas. Using French cooking techniques is certainly the way to go when choosing a place to eat. They have cooking down to a science & do it best! Service has always been great, yes there is generally a wait but thats because it's sooooo damn good! Get there early, eat to your hearts content & enjoy every morsel of it! Dessert will blow your mind there. Can't wait to go back when I'm back in Vegas next week!
Got the Buffet of Buffets pass a couple of weekends ago and started here with brunch. It was equally as awesome as the last time I went, and my dad and brothers agreed. Of all the buffet prime rib in Vegas, theirs may be the best. I had an end and my brother had another piece somewhere in the middle, and we both agreed it was juicy and well seasoned. The tri tip is also really good, as is the eggs benedict. We sat outside and got to people watch during our meal, which further enhanced this experience. The waitress also kept their champagne glasses full and was very attentive to us. We had a wonderful dining experience here, which my brother won't stop talking about, and I highly recommend this place. I've done brunch at the Bellagio and the Wicked Spoon, and Paris is every bit as good as theirs is.
We got the buffet of all buffets and this was the first buffet we stopped at. We came here for lunch. Had about a 30-45 minute wait, but it wasn't too bad. . . I loved the decor! Never been to Paris before, but this place would make me want to go. It's cute how they have little rooms for people to eat in instead of one huge dining space. We awesome had an awesome waitress Mimi. She kept the drinks coming and was always at our service. She even brought a birthday cake for my BF's bday and gave us Eiffle Tower chocolate pops.. . The food was good too! Good selection. Crepe bar which was really good. i had a lot of breakfast food which was really good. I kept going back for their smoked salmon. I tried a little bit of everything and had no complaints.. . Overall, I would come back. Such a cute place and the food is good!
Le Village is one of my 2 favorite buffets in Vegas!  Everything was delicious, my mouth is watering just thinking about it!  We loved it so much we ate here twice during a 4 day trip!
Best breakfast I had in Vegas! The decor is very cute, made to look like you're eating in a French village. Each station has the name of a neighborhood or village in France, but I think that's more for lunch/dinner than for breakfast.. . The made-to-order crepe station is definitely the thing you have to get. There are 8 crepe options, but you could probably get a custom one if you want. When I went, there was only one guy making crepes, so I stood in line for a good 10 or 15 minutes. Still worth it.. . Biscuits and gravy were also delicious, and the egg guy made my two eggs over medium perfectly. My husband said this buffet has the best smoked salmon he's ever eaten. Coffee was pretty decent, too.. . Go here for breakfast and you can't go wrong. We came using the Buffet of Buffet passes--definitely worth it!
So glad we spotted this place while touring through the Paris Las Vegas. We were planning on swinging out to the Four Kegs (see my previous review) for Stromboli, but took a peek in this place. The ambiance and setting were just too much for the wife and our friend to not check out the fare. After poking around the stations we opted to pay the $23 ($20 w/ a player's card) for lunch.. . The food was fantastic and they had quite an assortment to choose from. Some of our highlights / favorites were:. . Braised Pork Belly. Andouie Sausage. Chateaubriand style tri-tip. brie & bacon Macaroni and Cheese. Capataviw/ truffle oil and mushrooms. . The prime rib was also to die for: medium-rare and super tender / moist!. . Many veggies to choose from, including perfectly roasted asparagus!. . They offered an assortment of seafood; including stuffed sole, mussels, clams and shrimp.. . They had a savory and sweet crepe station, for those who enjoy crepes (we did not partake, however).. . As for dessert they had some of the usual fare one would find at a buffet, but here they had three items that are hard to come by (and in which we indulged): creme brulee, French style (lemon infused) macaroons (light & fluffy), and custard (not soft serve ice cream).. . To make a long short, we definitely got our monies worth! We are already planning to eat here again, on our next LV trip, with our son and his fiancee! The dinner menu looks awesome (includes duck!). The wife and I concurred that we would give this restaurant (buffet) five (5) stars! . . They MUST have REAL chefs working here, not the "usual" hired off the street types who simply follow the establishment's recipes (which usually = WTF).. . . .                                                      Bon appetit!
I would like to express my appreciation of service tothe Paris Le Village Buffet Restaurant General Manager, Mr. J. McIntosh.. . My husband and I dine at Le Village Buffet whenever we visit Las Vegas (3-4 times/year). We have eaten here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and have never been disappointed. . . Our most recent visit was this past week while we were visiting for The Shot Show/ AVN week for breakfast. The crepes were delicious and fresh, made to order. We tried one with fresh berries and another with ham and cheese - both delightful in our mouths. Variety of egg dishes and scrambles. Great meats, ham, sausage. . . Exceptional service was provided from our waitress, busser and especially by the Restaurant General Manager, Mr. J. McIntosh. Mr. McIntosh was cordial, professional with a sense of humor. He really made us feel very welcomed and went above and beyond. . . *Ladies* - Mr. McIntosh is quite handsome.. . Must sign up for the free Harrah's/Caesars Entertainment Total Rewards card for discounts, not just at Le Village buffet but for many of the Harrah's stores and restaurants!
One of my top three buffets! Love the assortment of foods.  I have never had veggies cooked so many delicious ways.  I'm drooling just thinking about it!
By far, this is the best buffet in Las Vegas. I have been to all the others but this one takes top place in my book for breakfast. . . The best thing about this buffet is the crepe bar. They have basic to moderate ingredients that makes starting the day with a nutella, banana, and bacon crepe simply great. . . If sweet breakfast is not your thing then try hitting up the savory brunch options. In the hour between breakfast and lunch they start to bring out lunch options which is an added bonus if you're looking for more savory dishes. . . If there is still room for dessert try one of each of the pastries. You're in Vegas you have to live a little. . . The service is a mixed bag at times but overall it's a fun time. . . Fun note: Even though you're in the "Paris" Casino you will not find anyone in the Le Villiage Buffet that speaks French. Using my Spanish has gotten me better service and food options.
We came for breakfast Feb '13... And we just loved it! Service was great and wait was brief. All stations were well stocked and appealing. The highlights of my meal were the very fresh lox paired with goat cheese and the Nutella/banana crepes... Fantastic! We'll be back!
After a brutal 6 am flight from Seattle to Las Vegas, my friend and I were more than ready for some food and drink upon getting to Sin City. We stowed our bags at Planet Hollywood and made our way to Paris, where we were able to pay the $24.99 "breakfast" price due to our pre-10 am arrival. Our wait in line was probably around 10 minutes, more than enough time for us to deduce that the additional ~$13 fee for "All You Can Drink" (beer, wine, Champagne, mimosas, Bloody Marys) would be money well-spent. And well-spent it was. Our server Deborah was just the sweetest gal, and she kept those mimosa glasses topped off.. . Overall, we were pretty impressed with the food at Le Village. Of all the things I sampled, the only weak spot was the Eggs Benedict. The scrambled egg dishes, however, were great as were the hashbrowns. The bacon was paper-thin but tasty! I loved the pretzel rolls, and my friend raved about the apple-filled pastry she got. She would have loved to have tried a savory crepe, but unfortunately the line for that station was always pretty long.. . It turned out that we had great timing for our visit as around 10:30-11:00 the breakfast foods began to be transitioned over to lunch items - caprese salad, pastas, mashed potatoes and dolmas were all excellent. There was also a lunchtime selection of seafood, carved roast, and various Asian selections that I didn't really explore but might on a future visit! And a future visit there will be...Le Village is a great buffet, especially for the price.
This is really good! Especially compared to HP. You can trust me, or you can go to both Le and HP, then you will trust me. Enjoy~
Wowee, Breakfast and Dinner were so good.  We did the 24-hour up to 6 buffet's for $49.99 (total rewards member) and we ate two fabulous meals here.  It was by far and away an experience my waist line will not forget.
OMG where do I start? I love Le Village! I've been here every time I came to Vegas except for last time which allows me to vote for this place as the best buffet in Vegas bc I went to Wicked Spoon and I was not impressed whatsoever. Food was just meh and at $45, I mean you've gotta have something that sets you apart. Nope! I'm coming back to Le Village once I finish my final exams next month yay. Top notch dishes: The salmon, truffle pasta and oh my goodness the olive salad. Absolutely love the dessert section. Like everyone says, the creme brulee is wonderful. My sister thinks the flan is even better but I'm a creme brulee fan. I've tried a few of the crepes and so far I realllyy liked the one I got with apples sauteed in brandy and candied walnuts. Yum. Cons: You will feel like a balloon when you leave. It's impossible to resist overeating here so come with an empty stomach. I usually stop eating the day before I plan to go here lol :D
We came to Vegas on a very small budget. We got the buffet of buffets deal and ate at le village, it was lovely. The decor was beautiful and the food was outstanding. We even decided to return for dinner. Very pleased with the entire experience.
LOVED this buffet. We got access through the $59 for 24 hour access deal and ate here twice, one dinner and one breakfast. They had a line for fresh made crapes, as well as all the usual buffet staples. There was plenty to sample with every empty plate, that looked delicious (and mostly was).. . One thing I will say is they do not staff wisely there. I tend to eat late, so 4:00 (which was my lunch) was a perfect time to just walk in. But just a half hour later the line spans down the block of Paris. All of this while the restaurant is half empty, they should really get more staff.. . So of the buffet of buffet deals, this was by far the best of the four restaurants I tried.
The cashiers are hilarious and outgoing!  They are definitely one of the many champions at this restaurant that made the experience wonderful.  The atmosphere is calm and quiet.  The painted skies give you the impression you're outside in a cafe in France.  Our waitress was awesome too!  As far as food goes... Everything was great EXCEPT the chicken cacciatore, which consisted of chicken and tomato puree.  The crepes, salad, crab legs, salad and cream of chicken soup were amazing!  They even have sushi but I would suggest passing.  If you look at the fish inside the rolls, you too would walk away!
My wife and I went to Le Village for lunch and had such an incredible time, we decided to come back again the next day for breakfast. If you want to skip the rest of my blabbering, know this: hands-down, my favorite buffet in the world! Not that I'm a big buffet connoisseur, but I do know the difference between world-class and run-of-the-mill eateries.. . Yes, there usually is a line, but it is well worth it. Once they seat you, you are faced with one of the most difficult decisions of the trip...which food station to hit up first?? I recommend the crepe station, but do your best to save room because there's a lot more deliciousness to try. The meats I tried (prime rib, roasted chicken and pork sausage) were tender, savory and tasty enough to eat as a stand alone dish. The scrambled eggs must have had some kind of crack because both my wife and I were thinking of ways to smuggle some out in our pockets. Seriously, DELISH. I also enjoyed the variety of their fresh fruit. The chicken noodle soup was the lone non-plus morsel that touched my mouth. Lastly, the desserts...I'm not a big dessert guy, but I did love their chocolate chip cookies. That's not saying much but my wife (who is a big dessert person) could have had her whole meal be just the desserts!. . All this incredible food and I haven't even mentioned the staff. They were all friendly and speedy with their service. Our dirty plates were quickly picked-up and our drinks were never empty. I also have to make a special shout-out to their Chef...Chef Lowell McCain was AMAZING! He answered all of our questions and even took the time to show my pregnant wife the packaging on a variety of their cheeses, to assure her of the pasteurization.. . Overall, A+. Can't wait to go back!!
this just might be my favorite buffet place in all of vegas for brunch! bottomless champagnes and crepes! i feel like this place is really underrated compared to the other "bigger" buffets at the more popular newer hotels. The price is reasonable when you compare it the other brunch buffets and especially restaurants. the way i eat, there's no way i can get a better deal anywhere else. the food they have here is pretty standard, you have your meats, desserts, and seafood stations. what makes this place totally worth it for me is the crepe station. holy crap their friggin savory crepes are to die for. i haven't tried TOO many crepe places, but i can't imagine it being any better than le village. i definitely try my hardest to make it to brunch here everytime i'm in vegas
Sooooo I feel like I shouldn't review this place because someone who knows me as a responsible adult will be shocked by my sin city behavior. The buffet at Paris is my favorite in all of Vegas. On Sundays, they do a champagne brunch which brings out the hoarder in me. The booze and banana hoarder. . . Every time I've eaten here, I've managed to convince our server to leave the whole champagne bottle on our table. And every single time I've filled a giant (20oz) cup with OJ and champagne just before leaving. Needless to say, I have quite a lot of "forgotten" time at Paris. . . The food is delicious, the crepes station is so fun (if you can stand the line... There is always a line) and anything made with potatoes is drool-worthy. The ham at the carving station always makes me think I should bring a ziplock bag to sneak some home for a late-night snack. . . So, amid all this crazy awesome and decadent food, why do I hoard bananas? Because they serve fruit here! I've encountered a lot of buffets that only have fancified food, and sometimes you just want a freaking banana. Or a banana phone (see pics)
Absolutely phenomenal buffet. I went for lunch and had a Groupon for 2 that included unlimited alcohol. Unlike most other buffets we went to this got us basically everything available in the drink menu. . . The mimosas and champagne were fantastic, and we definitely had a ton to drink. I've never left a lunch feeling so absolutely drunk. Of course the food itself was also fantastic, compared to many other buffets. . . If you're looking for good quality food and want some alcohol to go along then it is absolutely worth buying the unlimited alcohol add on. . . Finally, the service was top notch as well. We pretty much immediately got the drinks we ordered (tipping helps a lot) and our waitresses were very friendly. They even seemed to enjoy the fact that we were getting so drunk at lunch
One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. French style cuisine, so don't expect tacos and orange chicken. Excellent selection and superior quality food. Best part is the baker will custom make your Crepe to your liking.  Delicieux
I cant wait to go back!! Everything its so delicious and its unlimited :)
This is my favorite place to have brunch when I'm in Vegas. So many yummy breakfast entrees to choose from + they have all these amazing grilled meats available during brunch. It's a nice place to have brunch on your first morning in Vegas during a trip. Not too heavy & the atmosphere is nice.
We did the "Buffet of Buffets", and this was our first stop, and man, was it worth it!. Just the Crepes alone made our day, we went 2 times for breakfast, we loved the Crepe station, the first day we ordered the Sweet kind, and the second day, we had the savory ones, wow!!  Delicious!  All the stations had something really good to offer, like the omelet stations, the meats and deli, sausages, bacon, you name it!!  All kinds of preparation for potatoes: roasted, a la Dauphinoise, scalloped, fried, mashed, etc!. Salads, sweets, loved the dessert presentations!!. Gotta try it!
I love this buffet! There are only two thing I eat here: Crepes and slab of bacon! The world is right when I am here. everything else here is good but this makes it great
Best buffet (so far that I've tried) in Vegas! Thanks to groupon we got an amazing deal for dinner for 2 + bottle of wine, so it was well worth it. Food I liked the most were the pastas and a meat dish that was served in individual mini cast-irons. My favorite part though were the custom crepes... omggggg, I wish I had room for 2, but this place left me stuffed. I also love the decor, kind of similar to the real thing and really does look/feel like "a village." Def recommend.
The BEST buffet I've ever had and certainly the best I've had in Vegas. It's inside of The Paris and easy to find. The food selection was outstanding and the quality of flavors and ingredients was mind-blowing. All-you-can eat and a glass of wine for $31 and it was SO good.
There was a wait at lunch, about 25 minutes give or take, definitely doable, though unnecessary because they had tons of tables. I guess they think that's acceptable to people so they don't pay for more waiters. The food was excellent and great quantity of choices. Very satisfied.
We got the 24 hour buffet pass.  We ate at Paris, Planet Hollywood, and Harrah's.  Paris, hands down, was the best!!!  The ambience alone is worth the trip.  The other two reminded me of eating at an old country buffet or a Denny's. But Paris made you feel like you were in France.  The food was fantastic! We had the afternoon brunch and enjoyed made-to-order crepes, creme brulee that was out of this world, and a couple pastas that were very good. We didn't get it, but you could get all-you-can-drink mimosas for $12 per person. And right now there is a Groupon 2 for one and a bottle of wine included for $30ish.  . . We loved eating at Paris, would definitely go back again.
I would give 4 stars for the buffet itself, but it's the customer service from the manager Steve that makes this place 5 stars. The buffet is pretty large and they have a wide selection for dinner. There's multiple stations, including my favorite, the crepe station! I came here for the dinner buffet at around 3:30pm, so everything was super fresh. The prime rib was super tender and the crab legs were pre-cut and juicy. The crepe station had made-to-order sweet and savory crepes. My bf and I tried the banana and nutella crepe and the blueberry and raspberry crepe; both were AMAZEBALLS! The dessert station had a large selection, including creme brulee, creme caramel, ice creme, and an assortment of macaroons. Our Groupon for the meal included wine; the price for each glass would otherwise be $3 which is quite reasonable.. . To better explain why I decided to give this place 5 stars, I had a Groupon that actually expired in July. I stopped by in August to see if they would be willing to honor my Groupon. The manager Steve told me that he would be able to honor my Groupon the next time I was back in town. Today I went to the buffet, asked for Steve, and he allowed me to use my Groupon with no trouble at all. Now that's GREAT customer service!
You can't beat getting a groupon deal. Two people for lunch with a bottle of wine was $36. Such a good price considering you're in Vegas. . . Make sure to make reservations on opentable and you'll save yourself a lot of time waiting in line. We were also able to get a spot in one of the little rooms so it didnt seem as crowded.. . Prime rib was delicious, crepe was all the fabulous things everybody says on here. Don't waste time on the sushi ( I mean really? Sushi in a Paris themed buffet?) and the Creme brulee was one of the best I've had . . The place is super cute and the staff was actually really friendly and attentive. I'd definitely come back but only if I got another groupon deal. . . Happy eating!
excellent buffet!!!  I am not a fan of buffets at all BUT this place was amazing!!!!  Such a cute atmosphere, so much food and it actually tastes good!!  Me and the hubby literally rolled out of here!!!!! Oh and I almost forgot you HAVE to try the crepes!!!!
Brunch here is awesome. Unlimited champagne. Dangerous cuz I get beer goggles. When you come to the Paris buffet come with a large appetite like ur ready to eat people because the choices are incredible. The service is great and it's very clean.
I love the Paris theme!! My favorite buffet I went to during my trip. My friends and I did the 24 hour buffet pass. This one was so good we came here twice! Once for breakfast, another for desserts. Best macaroons I've ever had. They were fresh and still warm and some had fruit in it! The crepes were a bit disappointing, but everything else made up for it! Will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
One of the best brunch buffets I have ever seen. Cute french setting, the made to order crepe bar was to die for. Seriously, Le Village has everything under the sun, including a huge seafood & crab leg section, Macaroon bar, truffled Mac & Cheese, unlimited mimosa's.... the list goes on. . . I have been to a bunch of Vegas buffets and this one definitely takes the cake for brunch. BE SURE TO BOOK A TABLE AHEAD OF TIME ON "OPENTABLE"  TO SKIP THE LINE.... it can be a bitch.. . Bon appetit!
