I was on vacation in Vegas last week and just did a quick Google search for breakfast locations on my phone. After skipping over all of the chains (I hate them) and the really expensive locations in the major casinos/hotels, I found Mr. Mama's. . . Although the location (in a strip mall) didn't really give the impression this was going to be a positive experience, I can gladly say first impressions are not everything.  As others have said, if you don't have the address already, you would likely pass it right by. . . The restaurant is modestly decorated, but very spacious and clean! The tables and chairs are nothing fancy (read: just plastic outdoor furniture), but the staff was friendly and the food was fantastic. . . I had the veggie omelet with egg whites and hash browns. Nothing fancy, again, but very well prepared and a great value for the money. It was a two egg omelet with lots of veggies packed in. . . Two others in my group had french toast (which I had to try) and it was also delightful. Well prepared, sweet, not too sweet though. . . Now my sister had the homemade biscuits and gravy, and let me tell you, they were FANTASTIC. The owner stopped by and asked how everything was and mentioned that it was HIS recipe and wanted to know what we thought. It was great. The sausage seems to be more of a standard sausage, not breakfast sausage. So there is a bit of a flavor difference, but it is different in a very GOOD way. The biscuits were moist and fluffy. I would highly recommend that dish. . . Also, again, the owner came over several times to check on us, ask how the food was, and just chat a little bit. When he asked how my omelet was, the cook (the kitchen is open to the dining area) asked what I said. It gave me the impression that they all care about what the customers think and how they are doing their jobs. I love that. . . So again, I would highly recommend Mr. Mama's for food, value, and the hospitality!
Great service, good food n very reasonable prices.  Highly recommended! :-)
We stopped at this cute little place to see what it was like. My boyfriend and I ordered the same thing. Mr. Mama's French Toast. It was so delicious. I was FLOORED how perfectly cooked everything was the first time. I'm so used to sending things back because it's raw or over cooked. NOT HERE.. . Great service, friendly smiles as you walk in. If we're in the area, heck we might even go out of our way to go there, it's THAT GOOD. The portions were excellent for a 7 dollar plate. Two French toasts cut in half, cooked to golden perfection, confectionery sugar. Not an over bearing amount of cinnamon either.. . The sides choices are ham, bacon, or sausage for a choice. We chose bacon, which I was surprised how long they were. I was expecting like 2 small strips like most places. Nope 3 long strips of bacon, and 3 eggs.
GREAT food!! EXCELLENT & FRIENDLY service!! and SPEEDY deliveries!!. . this place is a true gem!! & FYI.. I've never taken the time to write a yelp review before, but after having the pleasure of dealing w/ Nick and his staff at Mr. Mama's i felt the need to write this. (that says a lot!!)
Great service, terrific value. Clean kitchen in full view. Highly recommend.
Had breakfast here before leaving Vegas and what a great find this was! It's in an odd location in what look like a commercial strip mall so might be hard to notice. The service is great, owner Nick is super friendly. The food is your usually breakfast grub, and it's delicious! We ordered the Denver Omelette, French Toast and Short Stack of Pancakes. They were all really good and pretty big portions. I am usually a small eater but I finished most of it.. . So all in all, if you're looking for a good small business to support, this is definitely the place!
So we're in Vegas and the group asks, "hey, what's for breakfast?" Well buffets out of the question and we weren't feeling the In Casino Cafe's so out comes the Iphone and Yelped. On a side note, Can I get a shout out for Yelp! Damn, seriously. How did I ever survived without Yelp? It's got everything you've ever need as far as getting info on nearby Eats. There's folks that are still in the stone age era using the "yellow pages". Who uses that anymore? I get home, I see the new edition on my doorstep and out goes to the dumpster. No need for that hunk of junk. Now back to our regular scheduled program. . Read a few reviews on other restaurants and Mr. Mama's stood out. Didn't have a ton of reviews or pictures but all were positives except one from Sam T. that gave 3 stars but his review was positive as he's gone there 4-5 times and the only part that didn't meet his expectation was his order didn't have onions as he requested. But Nick (owner) followed through and granted his request. So I think the 3 star rating was harsh and unwarranted. Hope he reads this and corrects his rating. . I had the Mr. Mama's French toast and it came with eggs and Sausage/ham/bacon. I chose the sausage. The portions were plentiful and left me wanting for more. My wife had the Denver Omelette and she loved every bit of it including what she called the Hash Browns... amazing. . Our waitress, Julie, was amazing and attentive. Ear to ear smile and that gets contagious. We almost wanted to give her a hug on the way out. Weird? or just great customer service that are hard to come by nowadays. Nick, the owner as mentioned above was super cool. He was in the process of updating his Yelp page as we were there and even surprised us with a complimentary dessert (Cinnamon Roll). Thanks Nick! . So all in all, we had a great experience and will definitely be back whenever we're in town. Mr. Mama's is now stamped in our routine books as we hope to be regulars.
We moved here from Maryland in October last year and were looking for a "favorite" place to eat just like back home. We found it at Mr.Mama's. From our first time there to today we are always greeted like family.The staff are efficient and friendly . The food is homemade ,delicious, good size portions, and the price is very reasonable. It's not fancy,and you can easily drive by due to it's location in a strip mall,however,you don't want to miss MrMama's .For us it's got a neighborhood vibe that keeps us coming back !. PS. They also deliver!
Food is outstanding ....I had the Veggie Omelet and my wife had the French Toast.. . If they had grits it would be perfect!!. . Staff is great and so is the service.. . We will be back next trip from NC.
Omelet was good, service was EXCEPTIONAL. A+. . They got free wi-fi too which was a plus, got some work done while munching :)
Come here a lot from LA and found you on Yelp, waitress and owner was very nice and food was very good, loved my biscuits and gravy :) will be back again.
Found this gem via Yelp while at CES. . . What a find! Great quality breakfast with smiling service from everyone. Cinnamon french toast, 3 eggs and your choice of meat for $7.50. Nuff said?. . Lose the casino, patronize a local, and take in the no frill charm of a converted commercial space!
Awesome food! I get to enjoy the amazing food and staff several times a week and have never left disappointed!  Oh! And Shawn in delivery rocks!
Vegas was our last stop on the way home from a long 2,000 miles road trip. We did not expect to eat anything exciting on our last leg of the trip home to Bay Area. I was not even looking for breakfast since we gonna have lunch at Bakersfield. But since the drive is 5 hrs away I though we better have some breakfast to start the trip home.. . Looking around Yelp, being me, always on the hunt for hole in the wall local eatery I stumble upon Mr. Mama when I select filter $ for price and best rating. The deal was even sweeter with the restaurant special promo. So it was like half $, I was thinking if I got burn by Yelp youngster review, then oh well, who care it didn't cost much.. . The place is locate on main street in the middle of a industrial/commercial/office retails. Thanks to my silly Waze GPS, the uncooperative software showed the location of the restaurant on the opposite side of the road. It takes me 2 detour to find the restaurant.. . We was seated right way as soon as we entered the restaurant. Our server, Julie (I hope I got her name right after 11 hrs of driving) was prompt and courteous. Due to my clumsiness, I dropped our silverware, and BAM, like a ninja, without asking Julie come right to the table with new silverware within 10 seconds (no joke, she was that fast). We ordered our food, and drinks. I hope they didn't think that we was rude when we asked for hot water to mix our super strong Vietnamese coffee, since we didn't order coffee from the restaurant.. . It takes about 15 mins for all of our food to arrived. We ordered Steak n' Eggs, Chicken Fried Steak, Mama French Toast, and Sausages and Eggs, stuff that you would expect to get at any breakfast joint. Our food portion was larger than normal breakfast restaurant especially with the price they are charging. Without further ado let me go into the food quality. Our over-easy eggs was perfectly cooked, no burning at the rim, the yoke was oozing and creamy. The steak also cook as we instructed and tender. Harsh-brown has nice crunch and French Toast on point and fragrant. The French Toast has a rich cinnamon aroma to it and deserved to be one of the better slide I've ever had. Chicken Fried Steak and gravy was amazing, and best of all, none of the frying stuff was greasy, including home fried. The food simply good, and a lot of it. I guess they must have been part of feed America program, the owner send out complimentary cinnamon bun for our table. To top it off our server asked to refill my OJ, this will be the first breakfast restaurant offered to refill my OJ, simply WOW (funny how I ordered 2 OJ since I didn't know they refill OJ). . Some of other reviewer also mention about the level of outstanding service Mr. Mama has. They are all correct. I think people who have the "LOVE" for whatever they are doing will provide you the outstanding service, simply because they love what they are doing. It shows from the owner to the server. The owner did come out and chat with us for a min or two. After chatting with him, he reveals that he was Greek descendant, which explains the blue floor to ceiling wall. It's Santorini Blue for those who could not make the connection. I would think it would be nicer if they have some white table or stuff just to enhance the blue.. . When ranking food quality for the amount they are charging, it is by far the best food quality vs price. You could go to fancy breakfast restaurant and spend twice as much to get about the same enjoyment without the family, friendly of mom and pop shop where every customer is matter, where every meal is matter, where the word of mouth is how a business survive and thrive. All I could do to support their commitment by patronize the local business spread the words about their great food and left the restaurant with a full stomach (until 10 hours latter, as we did skip lunch at Bakersfield on the way back home.)
Chicken-fried steak and French toast were great, as was the service!
This place was awesome. Great prices and amazing food. The burger was hand made with a subtle blend of herbs. You can see where they make your food, which is super-clean. Everyone was super nice including our server Jenna. I would recommend this to a friend. Oh, and they let you substitute things, switch things up, chose whichever cheese you want and how well done you want your burger. Eat here, you won't regret it.
Truly lived up to the hype. We sat with 9 people and everymeal was the rave of the table. The place was busy and the service was still exceptional. Good job to mr mamas, we will go back every time we're in town.
Friendly staff, though seemingly understaffed the morning we were there - ~2 servers trying to deal with a full house meant we waited a while to pay. . Large portions, 4-egg veggie omelet was awesome, coffee was decent. . Great prices for the high food quality. . Took advantage of a $20 for $10 Yelp deal that made it an even better deal.. . Definitely recommended.
Mr. Mama's was our last shot at breakfast before we headed back home from our Vegas vacation.  We had struck out at the last four places we tried, but had some hope based on the yelp reviews.  From arrival to departure, everything was great.  This seems to be a family run business.  Kathy, our server was wonderful.  She was on top of our drink refills, checked in every once in a while to see if we needed anything.  Asked for our suggestions, honest opinions about the food, what could be/needed to be changed if anything.  The food was great.  My husband got an omelette and I got pancakes, eggs, and ham.  Too bad we found this spot on the last day we were in Vegas, or else we would've gone there more.  But we will definitely be visiting again on our next trip to Vegas!  Thanks Kathy!!
This place was great!  The owner entertained us and the food was excellent.  We will use again when we are tired of overpriced strip food.
Everything was just as we expected it would be, given the great reviews on yelp. . The service was great, food was delicious, portions were big, but not HUGE. . We took advantage of the $10 for $20 yelp special & were really happy with the ease of redeeming it. Some servers (at other places) are not on board with whatever promo the owners are using & make you really feel uncomfortable when you present them with your phone or coupon code, but our server was more than helpful, attentive, and very gracious. We will be back when we visit & definitely spread the word!
Great service, great food, and best price in town. Get the Yelp deal! $10 for $20 of food! . . I love the commercial area that it's in, its a hidden gem. By the time we left, we felt as family! Will return here.
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!! . Julie and Mike were super nice and made my girlfriend and I feel welcome on . our first visit to Mr Mama's..    The food was all homemade and reminded me of a diner back home in Buffalo.. You know, a back east kinda thing. .    I will be back many times soon.
Price was right! Food hit the spot. Great service.
I have been eating at Mr Mamas for the last year. I live in Denver and go to Vegas 6-8 times a year to see the family and always make time for a couple of meals here. The food and atmosphere is excellant, portions are a decent size and the restaraunt is always clean and the staff is friendly. Breakfast or lunch it is worth it.
Great friendly atmosphere. Family owned and operated. Good food. Large Portions. Clean.
I was in town for a softball tourney and like I always do...I try to eat at a few different places local to the area.  I looked up a good breakfast place and this place looked perfect!  . Location is in a strip mall which seemed kinda weird...but hey...it got good reviews so I wanted to try.. Good food, excellent friendly service (which is actually very hard to come by nowadays), and all for a really good price.. Highly recommend!
What a nice surprise this place was.. We were looking for a place away from the strip for a nice breakfast, nothing fancy just quality food. This place had great food, great service and really fair prices! . Highly recommended!
On this last trip to Las Vegas we decided to try all the local favorites and let me just tell you, Mr. Mama's will be a return stop for us the next time we're in Vegas. Forget the overpriced casino buffets! The food here is GREAT and priced right!  . . Be bold and escape the strip and those over priced and buffets!! Go see Mr. Mama's! You won't be disappointed!
I searched for well rated breakfasts in Las Vegas and I think this was the top hit for central Vegas. The reviews were right on the money. An added bonus was the $20 for $10 yelp deal. . . It's in a industrial oriented strip mall on south decatur right off of the 215. It's clean inside and the staff is friendly. I read in previous reviews that you order at the counter. This is only true for take out now. Since it was purchased a year ago, the new owners have changed a lot of things, our waitress said. One of which was table service. So now you sit where you like and order from the menu with a waitress. Nice. The chairs are patio chairs but it's okay. Mainly because I expected a nice little hole in the wall with good food and great prices. That's exactly what I got! Great little place. Down home cooking. Comfort food. . . I had the chicken fried steak special which came with my drink. I think it was $10.50 or $10.25. My son had the corned beef sandwich. I also ordered decaf coffee and they brewed a new pot for me. Refills were plentiful and quick. We didn't need to call our waitress for anything and the kitchen got our orders perfect. . . There is a TV with captions on for watching the news when you're eating breakfast. I always like that. It was constant traffic the entire time we ate there. Pretty popular and that's a good sign. I hope they're around for a long time, I would love to come back. They're only open for breakfast and lunch. . . Both dishes come to the table steaming hot, and with nice portions. Everything was nicely seasoned. I added a little salt and pepper because I always do anyways. They also had tapatio, ketchup and tabasco at table. Btw for the coffee, they had vanilla creamer as well as regular. The decaf is the sort of coffee with a sharper bite. I don't drink regular coffee anymore so it was nice finding decaf with some substance. Not the stuff that goes down mild without any taste. It was good and even better with the vanilla creamer. The gravy over my chicken fried steak was tasty. Lots of chunks of sausage. The breading on the steak was nice and crispy. Not greasy. Big points for that. I ordered my eggs over medium. They got that right as well. I hate eggs that still have a little sliminess in the whites. So it was brilliant. . . If you're coming in with the yelp deal as I did, it's actually hard to use up all of the $20 bucks. I ordered one of the most expensive things on the menu. Drinks are $2.25. Sodas and coffee..etc. Most things range between $6-8 dollars for nice big meals.. . I would come here without a yelp deal and pay regular prices, it's on our list of places to eat now when we're on that side of town.
So after losing all my money on the strip (damn you, 3-card poker) my friend and I decided to save some money on breakfast.  Mr. Mama's did not disappoint.  We had a yelp deal for $20 worth of food for $10.  It was awesome. I had the french toast with eggs and sausage. The toast was fluffy and the sausages were pattys, mmm deliscious.  My friend had the western omlet and she loved it!!  .    Our total breakfast with drinks came out to $17. We left satisfied.  The staff was friendly and we got our food pretty quickly.  Regardless if I'm winning or losing, I will definitely be coming back her for breakfast or lunch during my next trip to vegas.
Delicious food.  Friendly staff.  And you cannot beat the price.  The French Toast was especially good.
The best small breakfast diner in Las Vegas.  Not your typical casino meal.  It is a little out if the way but worth making the drive.  The staff there actually cares about what they do and how they treat their customers.  The prices are great and the food has actual home cook flavor, and not the mass production feel to it.  I would recommend this place to anyone that is visiting and or local to the area.
The food was fantastic, and it was cooked and served promptly. My husband was skeptical and wanted to eat on the strip, but I saw the reviews and photos and knew we have to give it a try. He is now a believer and Mr. mamas fan. The waitress was excellent, the entire staff was extremely attentive and friendly. A nice bonus was the free wi-fi.
awesome food and the service is amazing. the owner is very friendly and interactive with customers. prices are very reasonable and the portions are perfect. will use this as my breakfast place from now on.
Clean and Cozy! Great deal and super friendly owner. . Plus, the food was outstanding.. . Thanks so much everyone at Mr. Mama's
Great food, great service. Much better than eating on the strip. We ordered the Greek omelet and Reuben sandwich with soup and coffies. The omelet was one of the best I've ever had! It had a lot of garlic and the veggies were so fresh. My husband thought the Reuben was better than every place he's tried in New York. We also got a cup of beef and veggie soup that came with the sandwich, and it was packed with juicy pieces of beef. You could tell the soup was freshly made. . . Overall we really enjoyed our meal. Everything came out to less than $18 which is amazing. Definitely give this place a try!!
Found this on Yelp and thought I would give it a try since it was nearby and highly rated. The place is in a commercial area and seemed out of place in the blue collar area. It actually fits in perfectly. We were greeted immediately upon entering by the friendly staff. The food is all made fresh and on the premises. I had pancakes, bacon, eggs, and a side of biscuits and gravy. All of it was great. My friend had the Cali omelette and he loved it as well. The place is clean, friendly, and does have great food. I saw the Yelp gift certificate that allowed me to by a $20 GC for $10. I bought it at the table and paid with it on the spot. This is a gem. I will be back to visit.
Great food! Amazing staff and cool space!. We'll definitely come back next time we're in Vegas!. Totally recommend for a great simple tasty breakfast:)
Excellent food and service. Highly recommend. Nice people, clean place. I would definetly return
The best!!! It's cheap and delicious!! It may not look like much on the outside, but damn can they cook!!!! Buttermilk pancakes made from scratch, and a fantastic staff!!! Next time we're in town we will be back!
So, Vegas...ahhh, Vegas. I was a regular in Vegas in my single years, so I never spent money on entrance fees or drinks. Now that I am on lockdown, my man had to spend a pretty penny for drinks and entrance fees. But this was his first time out on the town with ME so I had to show him a great time. Mission accomplished. We ended up staying up through the night until morning so we decided to look for a breakfast spot that had great Yelp reviews and was a good price. Thank goodness for Yelp because we found Mr. Mama's. This restaurant is located a couple miles from the strip, so we hopped in our new Vegas friends' car and came to this industrial plaza. Don't be fooled, it is a mom n' pop shop inside. The staff was super friendly and knew we found them on Yelp (they said a majority of customers are referred from Yelp). OMG, chicken fried steak and eggs -over easy- hit the spot!! Had some coffee and used the Yelp deal to pay for our meal and a Vegas couple we became friends with. It was delicious, staff was awesome what more could you ask for!
In Vegas on a motorcycle trip and stopped here for breakfast. This place was just great.  Good food, great service, relaxed feel - I would go back.  Service was excellent.
Just discovered this place today thanks to the stars given and reviews by you Yelpers out there and I gotta say that this is THEEEEE BEST place for breakfast in Vegas. Clean, great food at a great price and the friendliest service. Couldn't be happier for this find. Definitely a spot I will have to eat at least once every time I visit Vegas from now on. :)
Yeah yeah yeah!!. . Love this place. The staff is amazing, the food is fantastic (home-cooked-meal good), and the inside is just a great place to hang out and enjoy some free time! It just puts a smile on your face! Man, just thinking about this place... I know where I'm going to brunch today!
Great food, great prices, fantastic service! Highly recommend this spot if you are looking for a fairly priced delicious breakfast... and no slot machines ringing in your ears while you eat
I went with my wife and best friend this morning based on the Yelp reviews.  The service was top notch and clean.  The owner greets you when you walk in and the wait staff is both expedient and courteous.  The coffee and the homefries are very good here.  You cannot beat the prices and don't let the location fool you.  The fact that it isn't on the strip means the prices aren't inflated.  The owner is from Michigan and this place serves hot, fresh comfort food.  I ordered the steak and eggs and was impressed.  We are actually going back later this week.  Unless you are brain dead, there is no way you can dislike this restaurant!  The owner clearly knows how to operate a business.. . My wife, best friend and I returned on 4-20 for an early Saturday breakfast.  I ordered the Cali Omelet.  This was the best omelet that I've ever had!  Again, Nick (owner) was in the kitchen cooking.  This guy is all over the place coming around to tables and greeting as well.  The wait staff was very friendly.  After 30 minutes, the waitress offered to refill my cup of coffee 5 times.  This never happens for me.  I will come back to Vegas some day and I will be taking my business back there.
My 4 friends (all guys, 21-37) and I took our first trip to Vegas this weekend. We stayed right in the strip, and was not interested in paying $30 for eggs and toast. So we found Big Mamas on yelp, and let me tell you, it is hands down the best home cooked breakfast food I found in a long time. . . We were in Vegas 4 days and loved mr. Mamas so much we ate there every morning, Nick the owner remembered us the second morning. He has a great owner and you can tell he loves his restaurant and staff. He walks around from table to table thanking everyone for coming in and insuring that their meal is to their liking. . . We had a car, driving took us about 5 minutes from the strip, one day I overslept and my friends left me so I took a cab, it ran me $10, which was worth it for their "Cali omelet" . . Our first waitress we had was Yota, it's actually a longer name than that but she laughed at me because I couldn't say it. Yota is Greek with a beautiful accent, she is super personable and make you feel like family. We only had her one day but went back because of her. . . The last 3 days we had Julie, who is just as sweet as Yota. Julie brings her son to work each weekend,to teach him responsibility! What a great mom!!! Her daughter also works In the kitchen. She had our orders down patday after day! . . The restaurant itself is in an industrial type space with is decorated with bright blue walls and colourful table tops, makes it so home like. . . THIS IS A MUST DO IN VEGAS!! Don't pay for over priced food in Vegas when you can eat at mr. Mamas. . To Julie, Yota, Nick, and the whole staff, thank you for being you! Our trip was made more memorable by all of you and your cooking, we will be back!! . . The east coast boys!!
Very friendly and food was delicious.. Will be back next time in Vegas for sure!!
Awesome omelets, delicious bacon, cheap prices and excellent service.  This place is a throwback to the days of old when folks took pride in their daily work.  The owner Nick stopped by to introduce himself and his home cooking philosophy.  You will be hard pressed to find a better breakfast anywhere.
While visiting Vegas (5 of us) we decided not to spend so much money on the strip for a buffet breakfast/lunch. Some of us ordered breakfast and some lunch. They were both excellent. There was nothing that was greasy. Breakfast was awesome.  The owner told us he had just made fresh clam chowder from scratch.  It was delicious.  The prices were very reasonable. The owner goes around and talks to the patrons and makes sure everything is to their liking. Even the coffee was good.  Try it you'll like it and save yourself a bunch of money.
You can't go wrong with Mr Mama's!  We had breakfast here 2 days in a row, a group of 5.  Food, service, staff and value were fantastic!  If you like a hearty flavorful breakfast try the Greek omelet. Absolutely DELISH!
Small quaint place with great atmosphere. Staff was very friendly and energetic. Breakfast was excellent fast service and the owner (Nick) was very accommodating.
"First time here after Yelp reviews. We had a party of six during busy breakfast hour on a Saturday. Staff was very accommodating in getting us seated with very friendly service and excellent food."
A favorite new place breakfast, try the chicken fried steak and eggs. Great service a large portions.
Cheap good eats! . . Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and Mr.Mama's does it right! . . I've only eaten there a few times so far but I must say, it's amazing! I'm writing this right after I just had the best omelet of my life. I had their Cali omelet this morning and WHOA. Didn't even use any ketchup or hot sauce on it. You can tell the ingredients were super fresh. I was watching the guys in the kitchen work and they were very detailed with their cooking! I have yet to try their lunch, but soon will. The owner Nick is super friendly every time I've came in for a pickup and treats you like family. I've been to every breakfast spot in a 5 mile radius from here and this place tops them all! . . Do yourself a favor and give them a visit!
Oh yum yum yum! This spot is my new favorite breakfast spot! Omelette and hash browns were scrumdelicious. Will be back often.;)
Yelp did it again they did not let me down. I was hungry for breakfast and did not want the usal buffet. when i drove up and the sign said serving breakfast all day.....YES...The services was great and friendly and the parking was easy to find.  The food was flavorful and delicious.....for the visitors when you are in vegas and you get tired of the buffets you have to try Mr Mama's you will not be disappointed.... to all locals this is a great place....Enjoy....
From the greeting upon entering, to the knowledgeable and attentive staff, everything was excellent about this visit. The customer service is over the top and a fresh treat when so many other places in Vegas do not care about their customers.. . The meals were prepared very well, and  the owner even visited with us several times to make sure that everything was to our liking!. . Great fod, great service!
I was in Vegas for a bachelorette and we wanted a quick cheap breakfast on the way out of town without the typical casino cafe lines. I found this place on yelp and I'm so glad I did! It's definitely out of place in the middle of strip mall full of hardware stores but really cute inside and worth the few mile drive off the strip. . . We were greeted immediately and seated the second a table got cleared. The waitresses were super attentive and knowledgable about the food. The man who I'm guessing was the manager checked in on us numerous times. The waters and coffee were constantly refilled. It took a bit to get the food but it was crowded. The food was totally worth it. Our group got the chicken fried steak and eggs, french toast, and a spanish omelette. The portions were big and everything was terrific!. . I will definitely be coming back next time i'm in town :)
Very friendly staff....food was awesome !!!
In Vegas for business and searched for a top-rated breakfast place off the strip.  Picked Mr Mamas based on it's Yelp reviews.  So glad I did. Loved it.!  In fact, I went twice in one week.  The Greek Omelet was amazing.  So fresh and full of great spices.  Service was fabulous and owner was super friendly and extremely appreciative of my business.
Great breakfast. One of the best Chicken Fried Steaks I have had. About 5 minutes off the strip on Decatur . Nice owner, stopped by the table to make sure everything was okay.  Sure beats the food on the strip.. . Update:. Breakfast was so good we went back for lunch. My wife had a great Cheese steak and Onion Rings and I had a Mr. mamas burger (1 Pound). Both were excellent. One thing we noticed just sitting there. Do you ever notice how they usually clean a table in a cafe. Just wife off the table right where the people were sitting. At Mr Momas we watched them take everything off the table, then wipe it down and then dry it off. Each and every table, each time someone got up and left. If they are that worried about clean tables I am sure their kitchen is just as clean.
Met my daughter and a friend there for breakfast it was great would recommend it to anyone Very friendly service was excellent will definitely go back steak and eggs cooked to perfection
I had wrote a little tip but now I want to write a review ... I had a piece of French toast a pancake and soft scrambled eggs and I have never tasted anything better ... Except my grandmas French toast... My friend had the Mamas burger and said it was delicious and he wasn't expecting it to be so good! I live in LA and I wish I had this restaurant in my basement! This will definitely be the spot I go to when I visit Vegas again.
We found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try. The servers were very nice and the food was tasty.  The owner came over and talked to us to ensure that everything was to our liking, and it was.  Our drinks were never empty and the portions were very good for the price.  This place is worth the drive off the strip if you don't want to deal with the price and hassle of eating at a casino. We will definitely be back next time we're in Vegas!
overly friendly and helpful staff.  great food and great prices.  thanks yep
The nicest staff you will ever meet! Genuinely greeted by everyone that worked there, all smiles, same thing when we left. Denver omelet was great, cheese both inside and on top. French Toast was also great! Highly recommend to anyone.
From the outside you wouldn't think much of the place, but it was a nice feel inside and is clean.  All the staff were very friendly not just to the customers, but to each other and the owner came out and was conversing and socialising with a few patrons for a bit.  The service was prompt and polite. We both ordered omelets after getting some good info from our waitress and after devouring our meal we were pleasantly surprised to find that our bill was only about $16. I definitely recommend this place.
Excellent food & service is extremely friendly!!! Will definitely come here again on our next trip to Vegas!!!
Our group stopped here for breakfast, while en route to Los Angeles returning from a 5 day motorcycle tour of Southern Utah. We left Cedar City Utah at 6am and searched Yelp for a good breakfast spot in Vegas. Based on the high ratings, we decided to try Mr. Mama's. It's located about 1 mile west of the 15 Fwy. Upon our arrival, we were greeted at the door by a very friendly staff who seated us immediately. The place was very busy, but our coffee mugs were filled and orders taken pronto! We ordered omelets, pancakes, bacon and eggs, etc. Food arrived quickly, portion sizes were huge, and everything was very tasty. Service was stellar and coffee cups never ran dry. What more can a bunch of bikers ask for? Thanks Yelp! ...you didn't disappoint!!
If you're in Vegas and are looking for some good home-style breakfast this place is the place to be! Unbelievably friendly staff and got a chance to chat with the owner... Great guy! Wish him the best! Ended up going there twice in my 4 days in Vegas!
We had the California Omelet and the Spinach Omelet along with home fries and hash browns and couldn't help but appreciate the freshness and great taste of the whole meal.  The staff is responsive and their customer service was very much appreciated.  This definitely beats the long lines at IHOP, Denny's and not to mention Mr Mama's service knocks those other places out of the park.  Prices are very reasonable here.  When I come back to Las Vegas, I'll be sure to come back to Mr Mama's.
We wanted to go to a place away from the strip. I'm sooooo happy we've found this no nonsense eatery. Plenty of great food, friendly and superb service.
Well the greek salad is the bomb as far as i'm concerned i eat it prob 2 times a week and evrybody is friendly and very attentive to customers needs!!!  As well as the owner Nick he is always going around to all the tables and talking and making sure all needs are met and his employees are doing a good job!!! I will continue going down for lunch and I've had many breakfasts that were the best if for no other reason than the scrambled eggs are so fluffy and tasty i could just go in and have a plate of them!!!  thanks Mr. mama's for good job !!!!
I ran across Mr. Mama's on yelp today, and I have to say I really enjoyed it. The food was good and it was a very friendly environment. It was busier than I expected by its location. This place is a hidden gem on the south side of town. I really enjoyed my Cali Omelet and my girlfriend had some amazing Texas Style French Toast. If you see this place defiantly give it a try.
Great food. Pleasant staff. Just the kind of local breakfast joint I look for when traveling.
We needed to find breakfast, and wanted something off the strip.  This place worked wonderfully.  Very friendly service, great diner-type food.  Highly recommend!!
Great place for breakfast. Good coffee (I like the Farmer's brand). They got my order wrong (asked for bacon on the side, they put it on the breakfast sandwich), but it wasn't a big issue.
Seriously the best omelet I've ever had. Try the Spanish with a side of pick de gallo. Great customer service as well.
Awesome, the food, the service!
Loved my breakfast special of 2 chocolate chip pancakes and eggs!  We were staying at the Paris Hotel on the Las Vegas strip with a bunch of friends and were surprised that no place serves breakfast past 11am!  For a city that doesn't sleep, what's up with that?  We found Mr. Mama's with the help of Yelp and booked 2 cabs to take our group over for some Noon-time breakfast meals!  We found the restaurant amidst warehouses and industrial buildings, but we were certainly not disappointed with the food we were served!  Service was great; portions were large.  We took notice of the owner who personally came around to tables to check on his customers.  It was also a treat to pay non-Strip prices!  Great food for a great deal!  It was totally worth the cab ride!!!
Delicious!!!! Great omelet, I'm stuffed!!!! Also great customer service and smiling faces, I would definitely come back!!!
Best Breakfast I've had outside home. Excellent portions and fresh.. Had Mama's French Toast... Fluffy.. Will be back... :)
My husband and I were looking for a new breakfast place to try, and with some help from Yelp, we were very lucky to have found Mr. Mama's. . . The restaurant is painted in a vibrant blue, and the tables and chairs have a beach feel. Overall, the restaurant was super clean. . . My husband ordered the Greek omelet with home fries and toast. The omelet was $8.75, plus an extra $0.50 for the peppers and onions added to the home fries. The omelet was made of four eggs, veggies, and stuffed with feta cheese. Yum!! The home fries and toast were also great. . . I ordered Mr. Mama's French toast, which came with three eggs and your choice of breakfast meat; I chose sausage. The eggs and sausage were very tasty, but the French toast really was the shining star of my meal. All four slices are loaded with cinnamon and powdered sugar, and when you add some maple syrup, it's magic! . . At the end of the meal, my husband ordered a cinnamon roll. It was fluffy, moist, and the frosting was just the right amount of sweet. . . The thing that really stuck out to us was the friendliness of the staff. The waitress was very on top of it, and even had recommendations for us because we were first time customers. Also, Nick, the owner, stopped by our table to introduce himself and thank us for coming in. . . Overall, GREAT food and service! We'll be returning here again really soon!
Great little local Mom & Pop (or Mr. Mama) breakfast/lunch joint.  After spending oodles of money feeding five people on the strip for several days we found Mr. Mama's on our way out of town and the bill was less than half of our previously cheapest meal.  It's breakfast diner food but it's solid, and the staff is really friendly and nice. The five stars is for a great diner breakfast at far cheaper than average for the area with great service.  I found this place to be far superior to Blueberry Hill which is touted as a local go-to breakfast place, and though Hash House a Go Go may be a bit better, it's much more expensive and they give you a lot more food than one person can eat in a meal.  Which, if you're staying in a hotel, isn't really that convenient.
Everything was awesome! Great service too
Just ate here this morning. Excellent breakfastt. We had omeletes and French toast!  Yummy. Our waitress was just fabulous. When in Vegas we will be back. You must try them
I didn't think I could rate a breakfast place 5 stars but the staff makes it worth it. They make everyone feel at home and having an open kitchen means their cooks acknowledge you as well. The food comes out quick and everything I've had for breakfast has been great. Not too greasy and big portions. There are a lot of breakfast places in the area and I've tried most. This is the best bang for your buck and you'll feel welcomed from the moment you get in.
Good food and nice people.
Great food, great people
I was looking for a new breakfast restaurant to try.  I was not disappointed trying Mr Mama's.  Everything we ordered was really good.  The french toast is the bomb.  You should try it if you like french toast.
AMAZING food. Loved every bite. Very friendly, on top of re-filling drinks, and was able to serve our large party with ease.
Had the Western omlette. Foods incredible and the service is top notch. Love this place!
This place reminds me how overrated all those buffets and breakfast spots on the strip are. It's located in a small strip mall about three miles away from the main strip. The staff here is super friendly and their service is speedy and efficient. The prices can't be beat and they definitely give you your bang for your buck. The French toast here was by far the best I've ever had...hands down! My fellow hungry hippos said that the sausage patties here are amazing as well. Also, someone in my group ordered the Cali omelette and said it was deelish. . . Come here and support local businesses!
My fiance and I live right in the area and are always looking for breakfast spots on the weekends. Mr. Mamas had excellent food at an extremely affordable price. The staff was super friendly and attentive! Nick, the owner, even came to our table and had a conversation with us. Not too many places left these days with that kind of service! We will definitely be back!
Don't be fooled by the distance from the Strip (around a 5-7 min. taxi ride from the Mandalay Bay) and the strip-mall location. We found Mr. Mama's using Yelp and they were awesome! The food was very good, there was a lot of it, and the prices were very reasonable, especially relative to those at the over-priced, smokey, dark caverns on the Strip. The owner was super friendly and was there greeting and bussing tables! The staff was quick, friendly, and attentive. There was a brief wait which seemed constant (they were busy) throughout our stay.  This was our best breakfast dining experience in our five-day trip to Vegas.. The only suggestion we had is that they should add brown sugar and real butter to the table condiments available at the tables. We'll be back!
Mr Mama? Sorry, that just doesn't sound right. Do they have a lunch/dinner place called Miss Daddy? Am I the only one that thinks this is weird? Anyways, how's that for an intro to this review?. . Now that I got your attention, Mr Mama's sure got mine after having lunch there the other day. I was impressed in a lot of ways.. . For starters, from the outside, the place looks like a nice little hole in the wall/mom and pop type of place. But when I opened the door and walked in, I had to do a double take. It's kind of like that one closet from that Narnia movie. Yeah, that closet. . . So I am directed by one of the many servers to any table that's available. The menu's are all ready to go on all the tables. What a concept. You come in, grab any available table, go over the menu, order, eat, and you're out. These guys definitely got a system down. I would say I was helped out by at least 3 different servers. That's why their service is very good. They are constantly running around. . . As for the food, I noticed a lot of good choices. But that day, I was really hungry and I was not gonna settle just for any burger. No sir. So I got their biggest burger called Mama's Burger. Damn. This was a case of my eyes being hungrier than my stomach. Two half pound patties, slices of avocado, mushrooms, tomatoes, onions, cheese, and an onion ring. At first glance, I didn't know how to attack it. I kid you not, I was rotating my plate just looking for a chink in the armor. In the end, I ended up trying to smash it down with the palm of my hand in hopes of getting it down to the size of my mouth. Needless to say, I could only eat half of it. At that point I felt like running away crying to Mr. Mama himself (or is it herself? I don't wanna assume anything you know?). Ok, so I had dinner covered.. . The only thing that might be a disappointment is their hours. 6 am to 3 pm. What if I wanna redeem myself for that burger and it just happens to be dinner time? *flashback to that lunch moment* Ok, I take it back, that's not really a disappointment.. . So, umm, yeah go check this place out. Don't forget to redeem your free beverage when you check in.
What a find! We had a big party of 11 people (with 5 kids). but that did not stop the Mr Mama staff from making sure we were taken care of. They were accommodating, very friendly, nice, and hospitable.. . We ordered pancakes, omelets, breakfast steaks, etc. All the portions were generous and delicious. Next time I am in Vegas, I will not waste time looking for a place on the Strip. Mr. Mama has won me over!
Soooo delicious! Good ol' homemade breakfast. GREAT customer service! Definitely one of my breakfast spots in Vegas.
I LOVED my time eating here on July 19th 2013! We were a family of 6 (including a toddler) and they bent over backwards trying to get us to sit together as quickly as they could considering the restaurant was packed. The owners and our waitresses made our visit very pleasant (and great with kids, the owner got my niece to smile after her shyness). And to top it all off, the food was great! I had the chicken fried steak and home fries, delicious!!! I'm coming back in late September for Frozen Fury (GO KINGS!) and bringing friends with me!
I was just there. I had French toast, 3 eggs w/bacon. If you know the difference in good food, this is an excellent breakfast. The staff is as good as the food.
The greek omelet was so good, i almost ATe tHE pLAtE!
The hubby and i were looking for something different from hotel food/strip food, we happened to find this place on Yelp and let me tell you, we were so glad we did! The food was great, the portions were good and their coffee was piping hot and just tasty. . Excellent  service!  The staff was friendly, attentive, and just overall great!  Defenitly coming back on our next trip here.
Stumbled across this place in Vegas and it was the best food I had the entire weekend. The owner was so personable as well as the entire staff. The food was simply amazing and you get a lot for a little. If your ever in Vegas I would suggest stopping by for a quick breakfast you will not be disappointed. Keep up the good work Mr. Detroit!!!
Small breakfast place with really nice staff and really good food. The service was fast, friendly and the food nicely presented and really tasty. I will definitely recommend this place to friends.
This place is awesome! We found this on yelp, and couldn't have enjoyed it more. The owners were at he door greeting people and checking the tables to make sure you had everything you needed. The food was very good and the price was very reasonable. Will be going here every time we visit from Colorado.
Thank goodness for YELP.  After getting ripped of by the major hotels on food and drink....we had enough.  jumped on YELP and found Mr. Mama's.  Had breakfast for 3 under $40.  The food...it was outstanding.  Service....outstanding!  Nick, the owner was greeting tables and handing out homemade cinnamon rolls.  What a great place.  Triple D and Guy Fieri need to stop in and do a show on this place.  Clean, excellent food and service for a fair price.  You will not be disappointed.
Fantastic place away from the strip. Fresh breakfast and great service. We liked it so much we went both mornings we were in Vegas. Good food and good prices. Their pancakes are my favorite.
Delicious! I had the biscuits and gravy (it's the sh*t ) and the breakfast burrito. It's truly a well worth place to eat. I thought about eating here 3 times a day but other restaurants would probably get jealous haha.
We came here on our way back home to so cal. Food was great and most importantly the service here was spectacular. The staff here is really friendly and everyone from our waitress, another waitress, the owner, and some big tough looking dude ( who was actually really nice) stopped by our table to see how we were doing.  They definitely put customer service first and it shows. Not to mention that their food tastes like my dads home cooking. It was gooooooood.  Highly recommended.
Amazing Service. As soon as we walked in the door we were greeted with a warm welcome. Table was cleaned and ready for us in 5min. Staff was constantly cleaning and very friendly. Food was so good! I didn't thing 2 eggs, bacon, hash browns, and a side of sour dough toast could taste so good! My coffee was tasty and not bitter, my husband had the chili and cheese omelet and he said that was the best omelet ever. Loved to see the owner bussing tables with his staff. Such a great and welcoming experience. We will definitely be back here more often! You guys are doing an awesome Job !
What a great little spot to enjoy a delicious quiet breakfast away from the strip, with EXCELLENT and friendly service! The French Toast and house potatoes were delicious and seemed to be the most popular items on the menu. Definitely will be back!
We were looking for a good off-strip breakfast place to stop at on our way home to California. We found this restaurant through Yelp and since it was just west of the I-15 and on the south side of town it seemed like a good match.. . This isn't the place you would go to if you were trying to impress your relatives with the surroundings, because it is located in the middle of a little strip center with auto-related businesses, etc. and when you go inside it is just a basic decor. This is, however, the kind of place where you can bring the newspaper in with you to read while eating, which is what we wanted.. . We had the same experience as the other reviewers - we were welcomed the minute we walked in thedoor. Service was fast and friendly and we had the French toast, side of bacon, a Denver omelet with a cup of fruit. All of it was good. The biggest a surprise was the bill - for all that plus two drinks we had a check of only $20! After spending $70 the night before for a couple drinks and 2 appetizers at the MGM Grand we were thrilled.. . We will definitely be there for breakfast the next time we are in Las Vegas.
We ate here on a vacation.  It was a welcome break from the strip.  Quiet, cozy, cheap, and so yummy!
Un des meilleurs petit dejeuner de Vegas. Voiture obligatoire pour s'y rendre. Le personnel est sympa et agreable, le cafe a volonte. Commandez les pancakes et le full breakfast, de quoi tenir toute la journee! Le tout pour moins de 8$.
YES, if your Balla-on-a-buget then this the place to go. Fast fun and friendly service. I asked for something and one or more the of the waitresses brought it to me. LOVED IT
Wow, truly a good find!  I was a little hesitant to come here but decided to give it a try rather than go with our usual Denny's. 1st, I cannot stress enough the great customer service this place has.  The owner takes pride and enjoys what he does and it shows.  2nd, my food was great.  I had an omelet plate and it was very tasty.  We come to vegas frequently, and I will be adding this place to our usual spots!
We ended up at Mr Mama's kind of by mistake but what a great mistake!!!  We were on our way to Phat Phranks for tacos but it was closed for the Labor Day weekend.  We started to drive up Decatur and I saw Mr. Mamas and remembered that it had a high yelp rating so we stopped in.  When we entered there was only one table available as all the rest were full.  We were quickly greeted by a man I think is the owner but we seated and asked what we wanted to drink. Our drinks came quickly and our waitress came to take our order.  I tried that day's daily special of blueberry pancakes with eggs.  The bf had eggs with sausage, hash browns and toast.  There are a lot of servers and wait people and we were constantly looked after to see if we needed more drinks or anything.  The food came very quickly even though the restaurant was crowded.  I ate my perfectly cooked eggs and then began to eat the most delicious pancakes I've ever had.  There were two big pancakes, plate sized and they were so light and fluffy with lots of blueberries.  I couldn't finish them all so took home 2 halves and even later I tried them cold and they were still delicious!!  The bf loved the sausage and said his eggs were cooked just right also.  They have lots of other selections which I will have to try now.  We were very happy with the service the food and the prices.
After leaving casino hotel for three days was looking for more of a home cooked meal, found mr mamas on yelp and it was just right, great service and food.
Great morning breakfast place... Nick and his staff are great. Food is superb. I'm a breakfast guy and Mr.Mamas does a great job. There is always a special. Just look on the board. I feel like Norm on Cheers.. Once they know your name, the staff and Nick always Greets you..! See you here! Great service and is super affordable.
This place was really really good! The pancakes were great and so were the hash browns. Plus for the price you just can't beat this place. The greatest part of all though was the owner.He was so attentive to each customer he had. Asking you questions, getting to know you. He made you feel special. It was like you were a guest at his home not his restaurant. Definitely will be going back next time I'm in Vegas! Thanks mr mamas for the great experience!
The best breakfast spot in Las Vegas! Why not leave the strip and find a reasonable priced and delicious breakfast spot! Family owned and super friendly! I ordered the California omelette and it was amazing! The portions are great for the price! Will definitely be going back on my next trip to Las Vegas!
What a totally hidden gem! So glad yelp directed us to this restaurant during our stay in Vegas! A million times better than anything we could've eaten in a hotel or on the strip. The servers were all so friendly! Kathy was our server and she was very attentive & made sure my coffee was always full :) Speaking of coffee... This place has the best coffee I've had in a long time! I'm a Starbucks fan and this coffee blew Starbucks out of the water. I believe they use Farmer Brothers which is beyond delicious! A gentleman who looked like the owner came to our table to make sure everything was ok with our food and also made sure we had enough refills. They really know how to make people feel welcome here! I should probably mention the amazing French toast huh! Well the French toast, eggs & bacon were perfection! My French toast was fluffy and powdered with cinnamon, it kinda reminded me of my mom's French toast back home. You gotta love a place that makes you feel like you're back home. So if you're in Vegas and want a delicious breakfast with a really great staff definitely check out this place! You won't be disappointed.
What a Great Place. Stopped in leaving town. Owner /staff... Fantastic. . Food....delicious. Returning....Absolutely
You like awesome food and service?! This is your spot! Prices are perfect, $20 with tip for 2! Attentive staff- clean facilities. Off the strip so none of the crazy. A hidden gem as they say. Normal portions and good coffee.
Good food and even better service. Staff was very friendly and attentive!. Highly recommend this family run place.
Super awesome service. Nick, the owner walks around and makes sure everyone is taken care of. Staff can be overly helpful at times, if that makes any sense... Just numerous people coming around almost too often to check on drinks or coffee. Of course my wife and I would prefer to have too prompt service over not enough but if there ever was a negative that would be it. . . The food was great. We had Philly cheesesteak and albacore melt sandwiches and the side salad was decently sized. The home made ranch was good too!. . The French fries were awesome.Nick offered that they are topped with a little bit of oregano, white pepper, and garlic salt. I bought some to take to-go. . . We will definitely come back!!!!
We visited here on our last morning in Vegas while visiting from San Diego.  I really wish we had found this place sooner. It is a bit off strip (even further from downtown where we usually stay), but totally worth the drive.  Don't be put off because it is in a strip mall.  The interior layout is a bid odd because of this, but the decor is nice and the place is super clean.. . This is a nice family owned breakfast place (they also serve lunch).  The owner greeted us shortly after sitting down and was very friendly.  I love places where the owner is engaged. The staff excellent and the service was quick.  The food was outstanding and reasonably priced.  I had the Mama's short stack pancakes with eggs.  The pancakes were excellent and the eggs perfect. My wife had an omelet that she also enjoyed.  . . In summary, this will be one of our normal places to hit whenever we are in town!
Spanish Omelet was a little plain and dry for my taste. French toast was pretty good. They cook eggs a little on the runny side but I asked ahead of time thankfully and opted for over medium. I would come back. Service was GREAT!
I really don't think I could've liked this place more. I had the Cali Omelette and it was delicious. All the ingredients were so fresh. And the service was incredible! Everyone was super nice and the food came out fast. Will definitely return next time I'm in Vegas.
Excellent service. Really good breakfast. Honest prices. Only issue would be better coffee.
Looking for a REAL MEAL!? Breakfast? This is the place you need to go. . . Yeah, there's a Denny's on The Strip, but Mr. Mama's offers fresh, delicious meals.. . We (group of 4) drove from San Diego to Vegas. We got there around 11am. Mr Mama's is about 5-10 minutes west of the Strip.. . I ordered the Greek omelette: it was really good, the spinach and mushrooms complemented the 4 eggs! that took to prepare this delicious grub. Side of sauteed potatoes.. . My friends ordered:. The Denver Omelette: it was tasty and huge! he wasn't able to finish it all. . The girls had the eggs, ham, potatoes, french toast and pancakes. . . This place is a must!. . The service: A+ (you'll have a server walk by and ask if you need anything or if you're ok, every 3-5 minutes)
Worth the drive from the hustle and bustle of the strip.  The food was top notch.  I ordered a more traditional breakfast of pancakes, bacon and hash browns, while my husband chose a breakfast burrito.  Both were amazing.  More importantly was the level of service you receive when you are here.  The owner circulates constantly and makes a point to stop and talk to everyone.  Between the servers and the owner our coffee cups were never empty and he even offered to call us a cab if we needed one to get back to the strip.  You can't go wrong here.  We will be back to try the lunch menu!
Mr. Mamas breakfast is the bomb! The biscuits and gravy are absolutely amazing and is well worth the visit. If you are looking for a breakfast spot off the strip, this is the place to go.
My hubby has been enjoying this gem for a few weeks by himself for awhile now!  Unfortunately it is not a convenient stop for me during the week but this Saturday we went in for an amazing meal with even better service.. . We walk and are warmly greeted by the owner, Nick!  He called Ken by name and we were both welcomed with a big smile and warm handshakes.  Coffee was quickly brought over by the sweet waitress, Juli.  I hope I didn't get her name wrong.  She was super friendly and provided the most amazing service - I would go back for just that, but I am very happy to report that the food was just as wonderful.. . Ken ordered french toast and a side of hash browns.  I have been trying to behave lately and was still in a food coma from Fogo de Chao the night before so I ordered their veggie egg white omlete with home fries and wheat toast.  Let me tell you - it was the best egg white omlette I have ever had in Vegas - so fluffy and seasoned perfectly with large amounts of FRESH veggies.  It was perfectly cooked.  The home fries were delicious too but I prefer them crispier - that's on me though there was absolutely nothing wrong with them.. . Juli was very attentive and friendly throughout and at the end Nick came by again to see if everything was ok and thanked us for coming.  I can see this becoming our regular Saturday morning breakfast place!
Mr. Mama,. . Mahalo fo da hospitality!. . Have fun in Maui.  . . If you get one chance, go to Sam Sato's.  It's like your place. . . . .only locals.  . . Aloha!
Today is my husband'a birthday, and after dropping the kids off at school, we wanted to grab breakfast.  We've lived in Vegas since January and have not yet found a good local non- chain restaurant (we had a hand full of favorites in Cali)- until now. . . The energy, the service, the cleanliness and the food were outstanding.  I do not normally write reviews, but this place really deserves a great review.  The owner came over to greet us, we mentioned it was out first time and he said he will make sure it will not be our last!  He was right, we will definitely be back.  Oh and as we were leaving, I happened to glance over and saw one of their salads being brought out, it was ridiculously huge!  Easily shared!. . We ordered: The California Omelette, Mama's French Toast, and the Cinnamon bun!  . . I can't wait to try the lunch!
A friend introduced me to Mr. Mama's and I love it.  It's no ritzy place, it's just exactly what it is (if that makes sense).  The food is diner style and pretty damn good.  Consistently.  Everything from Breakfast to Lunch, all good.  Plus the staff is always happy to see you and thank you for coming, I like that.  Good people, good food, love it.
I have not received this much great service in a small mom and pop place in a while. Great food, friendly environment. The owner and his staff are very charismatic. Delicious food!!!
I almost never give a five star rating. Mr. Mama earned it in every way possible.  Food, service, and cleanliness. Great family spot.  Nice portions.
In Vegas on vacation and did not want to eat at the tourist spots. I found all the great reviews for this place and they did not disappoint. Great food, great service, great prices.. . Try the sausage gravy- to die for.
This place is awesome. Inexpensive and really good. Super friendly people. The owner Nick is a super nice guy and made us feel so much like family we went back the next day and ate there again. Cant wait to go back out to Vegas to eat there again.
Place was nice and clean, wasn't busy but I'm not complaining. The food was fresh and well presented and of course tasted great. The staff was very attentive,nice, and we were in good hands. . . The owner came to checked on us and even offered different sites for us to visit since we were from out of town. This was a nice gesture since you don't see that too often. . . I had the Cali omelet, and changed it up and they very accommodating which is a great thing. My only suggestion is that instead of fruit from a can, fresh fruits as a side would be the cherry on top. . . We would definitely recommend this place and eat here again.
Sooo this little place is really a diamond in the ruff. When we first pulled up to this place I told my husband " I do NOT want to eat here" but I was meeting a friend who wasn't answering her phone so I had to go in. When I walked in I was greeted at the door because my friend was already insidewaiting and they kindly took us straight to her. After taking our drink orders we were greeted by the owner and he even told us a little hx. on the place. I thought that was pretty rare. . Anywho, The food was Awesome. I had the French toast and my husband had a spinach omelet. The friend had chicken fried steak. No complaints! for 3 ppl we paid about $35 bucks that includes drinks and tax. I love this place I will be back.
Awesome breakfast and friendly staff. Its that good that its worth skipping hotel's complimentary breakfast.
We went to Mr. Mama's for breakfast this morning.  We were warmly greeted when we walked in.  The place was clean and we were served by Julie.  She was friendly and provided I great service.  A few minutes later Nick came by to say hello.  The food was great.  We both had omelette's and neither of us could finish it.  My husband is a big breakfast eater so we were far from disappointed.  We are staying at the Encore but wanted something off the strip.  Well worth the drive and we will be going back before our trip ends.
I will be back. The owner is friendly and checks on customers to ensure everyone is satisfied with the food and service. The entire staff is extremely nice and comes to your table regularly to make sure you have everything you need. Food is delicious- pancakes are full of flaver. We were adventurousand had the chilli cheese omelet.  Yum! It's heavy but will keep you full. Will be back again next time I'm in Vegas.
MMMMMM good! . First time visitor, great food and service. Biscuits and Gravy are different, but delicious.  Pancakes are awesome, looking forward to a second visit.. . Sorry just don't have anything negative to report.   . . Give Mr. Mama's a try for yourself!
So yummy! Friendly staff always on their toes making sure you have everything you need. The food is out of this world good! Can't wait to go back and have that delicious omelet again.
Delicious food, fast and friendly service, great value, and a very clean restaurant. I had their Spanish Omelet with hash browns ; cooked to perfection! I also a turkey sandwich to get me through the return flight home. I'm sure that these folks can make a sandwich!
Very good local breakfast place.  The owner and staff seem to really care about quality of service.  The food was cooked correctly and served quickly.  If we come back to Vegas we will definitely come back.  If I had a breakfast restaurant, I would make it almost exactly like this place.
Great breakfast and service.! We will definitely visit again.
The service was excellent and the food was even better! I highly recommend you try this place.
This little gem off the strip is bomb! I love breakfast foods and Mr. Mama's did not disappoint! It was the last morning of my Vegas trip and I wasn't about to jump on the plane without filling my tummy with some good eats.. . Biscuits and gravy, greek omelet with fresh feta, fluffy pancakes, and homemade crispy hash browns were so delicious that I couldn't stop stuffing my face with all the yummy'ness. Okay, I did share with my bff and husband but I swear I could've eaten everything if given the chance. This place serves up some great breakfast items for very reasonable prices. Service is awesome and ample parking available. Give it a try, you will be happy you did.
Awesome place! Went here with a family of 4, and ate real good food for under $40. We were all extremely full, and the service was great. Nick is a real cool guy, very warm and inviting place. Definitely recommend it for people visiting not trying to spend big $$$ on a overrated brunch buffet!
Everything was awesome!  The greek salad was so fresh and had loads of feta :)  My tuna melt was the best I've ever had and I loved the choices of sides instead of just the usual fries.  It was crowded but service was awesome :)  We will be back!
Love this neighborhood breakfast spot!  The owner and severs make you feel right at home here.  I first ordered the biscuits and gravy and our server warned me it's not like traditional gravy, she let me try a sample first, although it wasn't bad. It's just not what I was used to.  I got the chocolate chip pancakes instead and a cinnamon roll.  My boyfriend ordered the biscuits and gravy and bacon and eggs.  Food tasted fresh and homemade.  Definitely coming back to try other breakfast specials and maybe even for lunch!
Great service, clean and great food, this place doesn't run shy of 5 stars in any way.
What a fantastic place for breakfast! My friends and I loved it so much we ate here two mornings in a row. Nothing but positive thoughts about this place. The owner was so nice and attentive and talked with us while we waited for a table. Great food and unbeatable prices. Really loved the chocolate chip peanut butter pancakes. YUM
Best lunch in town. Friendly staff. Always clean. I come here 2-3 a week and there's always something different to choose from.. . Watch out for that cinnamon roll..holy moly.
I love this place, great people, great food! Perfect little breakfast or lunch spot. All that and they love my shirt!!! Shirt image not available....
Just left breakfast, great quality food. What sets this place apart is the customer service. The owner is at the door, greeting every customer and making sincere conversation. All the servers are making rounds and refilling drinks, not just the one taking your orders. Prices are beyond reasonable, especially compared to the strip. . I had the biscuit and gravy, which wasn't typical black pepper gravy. The waitress offered a sample before I ordered. The owner said it is sausage, bacon, and a little maple syrup. Not bad at all, although I personally prefer traditional southern style. My husband got the breakfast burrito and was happy with it. Not overstuffed, and you could taste every ingredient. Will definitely come back
Great breakfast. Omelets are excellent. Friendly and attentive staff.
This place is perfect. Excellent service, better than at some $$$$ restaurants I've been to. Hash browns were superb. French toast was very good. Only negative was the coffee, but that doesn't keep this place from being a five star establishment. Skip the typical buffets and head here!!!
We were looking for a great place to eat good food and not pay 'the strip' prices...and we found it here.. . Great food (I had the Western omelet and home fries), great service, and a great price.  Everyone was full and we paid less than $10 each including drink. . . Would highly recommend.
This place really is awesome. If you are looking. For a really nice omelet, pancakes, French toast or just a good sandwich this is the spot. Very reasonable pricing, OUTSTANDING service and very good food...avoid the strip and enjoy a good meal with a small / local business. The owner was there the second time and treated everyone like family. I strongly encourage you to give this place a try!
Superb! Staff is extremely friendly and the breakfast is delicious. My wife and I are very particular on our breakfast sandwiches and the waitress took our orders with a smile and brought exactly what we asked for. Thank you!
We were on the way out of Las Vegas on Friday morning, and we yelped a place for breakfast.  Mr. Mama's will not disappoint.  The prices are right and the service was friendly and fast.  We will definitely be here again the next time we're in town!
Don't waste your time on the Strip. The food is great here and the people are really friendly and inviting. Great pancakes and steak & eggs!
We found this little gem on yelp.  I would have never stopped here. In fact we missed it the first time we drove by. Don't let the location or simple sign out front fool you. I walked in and found a packed "dive" which is always a good sign. The wait was 15 min and we had a flight to catch so I walked out to check with my bf. The hostess ran out to tell us a table just got up and we could be seated immediately. (So nice!) we ordered quickly despite the large menu. We were looking at all the other diners plates as we walked by. The French toast looked amazing! We ordered coffee, OJ, the Greek omelet and the Cali omelet with a side of French toast. . The coffee was smooth and strong. Coffee was not fresh squeezed (but that's ok for a dive).. . The food and service was above our expectations!
Had breakfast here yesterday~. Thanks Vegas yelpers for the great reviews!. My gf and I shared the breakfast burrito and popular french toast.. Pocket friendly prices, great customer service, lots of seating, clean bathroom and no problems with parking. Love the hours!!!. Will come back to try more things of the menu!. -Miss Yelp 2013
We had the biscuits and gravy and the cali omelet and both were simply amazing. Everyone was so friendly as well. Will be returning our next visit to Vegas
Cheap, fast and delicious breaky food! . . Another great discovery off the Las Vegas strip! Loving the cheap eats whenever we travel. This spot beats any $50 breakfast buffet. . . Plenty of parking in a decent sized lot.. . Plenty of seating even when they are packed, the wait doesn't seem long. We were lucky enough to show up right before a huge crowd of people slowly woke up with their Vegas hangovers. :P. . I really liked how simple my omelet was and the portion wasn't too big or too small.. . Service was extremely attentive and friendly. The owner was kind enough to stop at our table and ask how we were doing (love that personal touch).. . A must for you car-renters when in Vegas. :)
Just had breakfast there last week.  Amazing!  Super excellent service, food was outstanding.  My husband had the chicken fried steak and loved the gravy. I myself am not usually a fan of cream gravy but their's is spot on. Excellent recipe.  More neighborhoods need a Mr. Mamas.
Great breakfast at a great price!. . We tried Mr. Mamas today for breakfast based on other favorable Yelp reviews. We liked it! Julie our waitress was pleasant and accommodating. Nick the owner gets around to all the tables to check in with them and he too was very pleasant. . . We had the Cali Omelet. Very good. We tried the home fries. Just okay. We'll be trying the hash browns next time. . . We also sampled the sausage gravy and the chili. Both yummy. We'll be back!. . UPDATE - 11/14/2013. We're back!  Today we had the Chili Cheese Omelet and hash browns. The omelet was very good, though we favor the Cali Omelet a bit more. The hash browns were very good. We much preferred them over the home fries. Claudia was our waitress and she was just as attentive to our needs as Julie was yesterday. . . Nick was his usual cheery self. Very warm and welcoming. We REALLY like this place. We'll come back next time we're in Vegas!
I'm lucky enough to work just a few blocks from this place and when I order a delivery the food is always fast, hot, and delicious. Their delivery driver, Sean, is always friendly and they don't hit you with some outrageous delivery charge that I would rather give as a tip anyway. On the rare day that I have had the pleasure of dining in the atmosphere is always laid back and the service is great no matter how busy they get. Trust me they can get pretty busy but they run like a fine tuned machine. Never once have I been told by the staff that I wasn't in their section. They all work together totally copacetic.
Mr. Mama's is the BEST, hands down. The food is delicious,  the Staff is outstanding with the best service I have ever recieved, and the Owner greets all guests when they enter, takes time to talk to the customers and always thanks them for their patronage. It is an experience like no other! You'll feel like one of the family.
Great place for breakfast!  Busy, but they try to keep everyone moving, without rushing you.  Food was great also.  Would love to go back and try lunch, but for now breakfast will do.
Mr. Mamas great food & service.
It was worth the 30 minute wait. I had the Cali Omelet. Fabulous ! . Service is very good. Friendly people.. Fenton give it a 2 thumbs up!. Oh & reasonable prices.
Very delicious food. The service was great. Prices were reasonable. They give you a lot of food.
Hidden gem in Vegas. . . If you're looking for home cooking at a reasonable price, then M R Mama's is for you. . . A must try is the French toast, hands down better than any I've had in LV.
The Cali omelet is the best I've ever had. The avocado is fresh and the pico delicious. Very friendly staff who is attentive and makes service a priority. The decor and location are deceiving, Mr. Mama's could be in any major Vegas casino and top them all. Visit this restaurant, you won't regret it.
Let me just say that I have lived in both the Northern US and the Southern US and never would I have expected to have one of "THE BEST" breakfasts out in Vegas!  This little strip-plaza restaurant, that looks so unassuming, has some of the tastiest food I've ever had!  It's simple, everyday American food, nothing foo-foo or that you can't pronounce and the service was genuinely friendly and caring.. . Definitely try the French Toast and their country ham.  I was a little unsure as to whether or not to get the ham since usually restaurants make it too salty but I gave it a try and it was PERFECT!  The French Toast was light and fluffy and just plain GOOD!  It was certainly worth the $30 round-trip cab ride from our hotel on The Strip.
This was the most amazing breakfast I have ever had in Vegas!  The owner was awesome, the food was satisfying and so tasty!!  We will be back when ever we can!!! Biscuits and Gravy - OMG - I want more already!! Did I mentioned the service... awesome!!
Awesome service, awesome food...just like homemade! Will make this a regular stop when I'm in Vegas!
Our office hasordered here about 4 times over the past few months, all times we had delivery. . . The two most recent times were today and yesterday. My cousin, our GM, and I loved our omelets so much we had to order them two days in a row for breakfast. We called between 7:30a-8:00a both times and the food was literally to us within 10 min, no joke (our office is just around 1 corner from them). Hot and delicious. Hmmm if only Angelina's down the road could take a seriously lesson on customer service from Mr. Mamas that would be nice! Anyway...the delivery driver Sean is super awesome, always chats with us and very friendly. He seems to like his job there and has nice things to say about the restaurant which always make it a more enjoyable experience for the customer :) . . My cousin and I got the Greek omelet both times and both times they were great. The eggs are always cooked perfectly and you can tell the chef knows how to make an omelet; I've had some pretty nasty ones like where they were stuck to the pan or the edges were hard from starting to over cook. Eww. The ingredients you can tell are fresh and not from a can. In the Greek was spinach, tomato, and feta cheese which is my fav part. Our GM had the veggie omelet made with egg white only and side of sliced tomato's. Again egg whites cooked perfect. I wish I woulda taken a photo :( . . Anyway I could go on about how much I love this place. We will be trying the lunch menu next. . . HORRAY FOR A PLACE WITH GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE, FAST DELIVERY, YUMMY FOOD, AND DOESNT FUCK UP YOUR ORDER. FINALLY!
I cannot imagine a better example of how great Yelp is. . . With family in town for the PBR finals, I was tasked with finding a breakfast joint that didn't require a long wait in line for a mediocre meal. So, like any good Yelper, I turned to the one tool I can always rely on for great ideas: yep, you guessed it - Yelp!. . Clearly the Yelpers of Las Vegas have fallen in love with this unassuming little breakfast gem, and for good reason - absolutely the best prices you could imagine for a breakfast that's as good as it can be.. . You can tell the staff really love working here. Everybody's always smiling and the manager is bound to stop by and make sure you've got everything you need. The quality of the ingredients is hard to miss, from the thick-cut, savory bacon to the fresh avocado slices and some darn good marble rye bread, everything is prepared with the kind of attention that only comes from a team who cares about quality. . . I am truly considering becoming a morning person, just so I can make Mr. Mamas a daily stop.
There are places where customer service is non existent all over America. Mr. Mama's is NOT one of them. They not only have the book on the best customer service, but have added to it.. . They are very attentive and the owner makes sure you have nothing but the best experience!. . The food cannot be fresher and tastier. Wow! Hot, fresh, great tasting and prepared fast!. . The wait staff - simply amazing!. . I wish I lived locally as this would be our new favorite.. . We will be returning tomorrow for breakfast before we fly out of Las Vegas back to NY.
The food is sooooo good and the staff is very friendly!  We will definitely come back!
We had to wait about 30 minutes for a table, but it was well worth it. The buttermilk pancakes and breakfast burrito were fantastic. The coffee was excellent too. Would definitely go back!
GREAT Breakfast! On our way out of Sin City decided to try this amazing breakfast spot. Our server Julie was awesome! Party of 5 and we tried a variety of things from the menu French toast, mamas burger, Spanish omelette, ALL great! This place deserves 5 stars!
Based on a search for the Best Breakfast in Las Vegas we found this hidden gem. Nick, the owner, meets and greets everyone; he will even spend time chatting with you table side. The food is very good and plentiful. Well worth a visit.
Iabsolutely love this place!! The owner and staff are always super helpful and friendly. I come here at least 4 times a week and can never imagine getting sick of this place. The food is made fresh and always comes out hot :) just like I like it. Good job mr mamas for your hard work and excellent food!! You deserve no less than 5 stars. See you soon :)
A little outside the Strip, but one should definitely come here for breakfast.Food is amazing, service is excellent!!! We had the Spanish omelet n pancakes..pancakes are one of the best I have had...n the staff never let's your coffee cup go empty...a really good place in all!!!
Just left Mr Mama's (been there so many times, lost count) I always get the same thing, and it's always the same....excellent! It's worth the drive across town to get there and it's worth the wait to eat there! I recommend it to ALL who want a great breakfast experience :-)
So after reading the reviews we gaff to try Mr. Mamas it did not disappoint. The biscuits and gravy were delicious. They make the gravy with syrup and the waitress offered fir me to try a sample before ordering the biscuits, which was very nice, but it was delicious. My husband had the mamas burrito smothered in the home made chili and a side of Pico, he was very full and the food was great.. . While we were eating an unruly gentleman came in and started barking orders at the staff and making a scene. The owner kindly asked him to quite down or leave, the gentleman proceeded to be an Ass, So he was asked to leave, yelling out the door obviously. The owner handled it very nice and then came around to each table to apologize.
We were trying to eat at Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris hotel on the strip but their valet parking was full. So we searched on yelp for a good place near by...Mr. Mamas came up and so we went! Let me just say the owner knew how to show hospitality and take care of you to feel welcome. We were also greeted by a sweet and polite 15 year old busboy that took our drink order. And soon after that our female server took our order. Now she was also fantastic and took great care of us. She was that cute Japanese girl. My kids ordered the typical eggs, bacon, sausage, hash brown,  ham and pancakes combos. My wife and I decided to order the Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs. Everything was delicious! I highly recommend this restaurant!!! I was really impressed with how this place treated customers and the way they make you feel so welcomed. Excellent. I will tell all of my friends and we will definitely visit them often.
Had the greek omelet. ..awesome. husband loved the chicken fried steak. Definitely coming back. Good prices too. Quick service.
After spending five days in the . Death Valley / Vegas area I was in need of a good hearty breakfast to fuel my days journey. . Being the owner of a small Chicago-land restaurant (Nu Crepes)I'm keen on the importance of Yelp to small independently-owned restaurants. . . Once again Yelp and their reviewers came thru for me. They directed me to Mr. Mama's.  Loved this place. Simple breakfast done perfectly. Which is not as easy as it sounds. Great staff, super friendly, attentive and accommodating. . Worth the wait. Do yourself a favor and wait if you have to. Life is short, so be patient and savour the goodness that will come when you get your delicious breakfast. I will certainly be back on my next trip out west.
Amazing. Don't bother eating breakfast on the strip. Go where the locals go. You won't be sorry. Doesn't matter what you order you will leve happy. And full.
great service, great food and great prices.   i highly recommend this place!!!!!
This place is great.  Food served fast, and we were greeted by a  friendly owner. And my breakfast burrito was the best.
Yelper's definitely did me a solid! . The portions are great and the food was outstanding! . I think this is one of the most generous breakfast places I've ever been to!!. I mean when you walk in it's nothing spectacular, and you look at their menu and think, wow they don't have as much as most breakfast places...... But they're so much better than most breakfast places! . Our bill for 2 breakfasts and 2 drinks was less than $20 yet we couldn't even finish our food!. I ordered the California omelette and OMG I definitely recommend that to anyone! Huge chunks of perfectly ripe avocado with really tasty pico de gallo! The omelette was literally the size of a football! . The service itself is like any other breakfast joints, but definitely worth the trip off the strip!
As awesome as the Las Vegas Strip is, you have to venture beyond it's bright lights and try some of the other amazing things Vegas has to offer.  My boyfriend selected this location after asking a friend of his who used to live in Vegas where a good breakfast spot was.  His friend told us to immediate go to this spot.  To hang up and drive as fast as legally possible.. . We're so glad we listened to him.  Mr. Mama's is a hole-in-the-wall spot but you can tell it stays busy, with the amount of tables packed into the restaurant.  We were immediately greeted by everyone and seated, with our beverages soon to follow.  If you don't know what you feel like eating, be warned.  EVERYTHING on the menu sounds delicious.  I went with an idea in mind but still ended up having to choice between 3 dishes.  I settled on the chicken fried chicken dish and loved it.  Juicy on inside, moist on the outside and nice, thick country gravy.. . The owner came up to talk to us when we were done--it seems that it's his M.O. there and is a part of the charm of Mr. Mama's.  He pointed out that he remembered chicken fried chicken from his childhood and that's why he included it on the menu.  Hands down, this was one of the best food spots I've been to in Las Vegas.  Get away from the strip sometime and taste the awesomeness of this place. You'll be glad you did.
Came here for lunch while visiting from out of town.  Really enjoyed the chicken fried steak, philly cheesesteak, chili cheese fries and home fries.  Every employee was very personable and the owner makes the rounds to make certain that the experience was top notch.
If you're looking for some good ol' hearty breakfast while you are in Vegas, Mr. Mamas is the place to go.  Be prepared to wait about 20 mins or so if you get there after 9AM on any given day.  The owner of Mr. Mamas is Greek and he is the BEST!  Service here is top notch and prices are affordable.  . . Try their biscuits and meat gravy.  Very interesting flavors as they mentioned to me that the gravy has a hint of maple syrup in it.  Deliciously surprising!  Me and the wife went again the following day and would go again if we stayed another day.
Mr. Mama's is probably the best place where you can get a breakfast that will satisfy your tummy and wallet! The food is cooked home made and you can taste how well each dish is prepared unlike Denny's or I-HOP. . . As for customer service, it's great! The owner of the place truly shows he cares for his customer's by taking his time to talk to each table. I would recommend anyone to come to Mr. Mama's. . . Oh! And try to come before 9 A.M. if you want to be seated immediately!
My hubby found this place on yelp and we took a chance on it as an alternative from the casino/strip diners. The staff is amazing, and the food was great. I had a breakfast sandwich and it was perfect, lots of meat and perfectly toasted bread. Hubby had biscuits and gravy, the gravy was loaded with bacon and sausage, it was delicious.
We were looking for a good breakfast place away from the strip and found Mr. Mama's due to the positive reviews. It was about 3 miles off the strip which felt like an eternity in the car.. . We walked in and there was a 20 minute wait but the hostess was so pleasant that I didn't even mind. After I sat down to wait, she offered us homemade fudge samples. UM YES PLEASE! I happily ate my fudge and perused the menu...prices were extremely affordable and the food looked great from what I saw leaving the kitchen. This place was really different I noticed old black and white photos on the wall of a restaurant which I assumed was an old location of Mr. Mama's there was also a large Greece poster on the far wall, the walls were blue and they had a gyro special.  I thought that's kind of strange for a breakfast joint but the owners must be Greek. . . We were seated and our service was prompt and good. Food was excellent! After eating I got up and was waiting for the rest of my party and was telling the hostess how great everything was and she thanked us for coming in.. That's when I had my chance to ask about the old photos hanging on the wall. Turns out her father is the owner and the original location was in Michigan and she pointed out pics of her grandfather and her great grand father.  WOW! I love hearing a restaurants history.  She told me they are in fact Greek which explains the blue wall, the gyros and the poster.  Everyone that worked there was so nice and thanked us all for coming in.  Great experience. If I lived in Vegas I would be a regular.
Everything from the food to the service and the cleanliness of the restaurant was exceptional!  Exceeded our expectations!
Outstanding food, service and prices! . We had the French toast, biscuits and gravy,  and the Cali omelet. Super good!! The owner greets you and makes you feel welcome and important. We will def. keep this as a must go for breakfast when ever we are in Vegas!
Stopped in for Breakfast 2 weeks ago with a group of 6, and this was the best Breakfast I have had in some time. Prompt and Friendly service, and great portion sizes. Wonderful Coffee as well. . . This is not a Drive By but a Must stop in and enjoy!
Me and my wife were in Vegas for 12 days for the NFR, I found Mr Mamas on yelp.. We tried it and we were glad we did. . The food is great the service is top notch and the price is way below what you would expect for the food.. We ended up having breakfast here every morning for the whole trip. . The owner is real pleasant and friendly also and you can tell he cares how the service and food are.. . Thanks again for the great service and food, we will be back our next time in Vegas.
The best breakfast in Vegas! French toast was so good! Very pleasant staff. The owner came and introduced himself to my boyfriend and I. Come eat here, you won't be disappointed.
This restaurant is extraordinary. The owner Nick and his server Claudia were so warm and welcoming. Nick notonly gave us a personal greeting, but gave us places to visit in Las Vegas other than being on the strip. Wow, what a nice guy! He took his time to greet each and every visitor. My significant other and I wish him luck@ Mr. Mama's. He is indeed a great proprietor. Thanks Nick for your list on sites to visit...
BEST BREAKFAST PLACE off the strip! I ordered the breakfast burrito and it came with fresh spicy salsa. BOMB! The price is right and I want to come back tomorrow. Highly recommend. Also, the owner is warm welcoming and friendly! He greets everyone and is so hospitable! If there's a wait it's worth it. Overall great service and staff.
My boyfriend and I went here based on yelp reviews and our desire to get some good breakfast food near the strip but at a low cost. This place is awesome. The service was great, the food was very yummy and the price simply cannot be beat. We loved it so much we went again the next morning too. We both totally pigged out each morning, ordering french toast, pancakes, omelets, biscuits and gravy...and each time we spent about $10 per person including tax and tip. So amazing.
Great breakfast! Good size portions! Ask them to custom make you a gyro omelet! Da bomb
BEST breakfast place ever. As a fellow transplant from the Midwest, I can tell you that I've searched high and low for a real breakfast spot to no avail--until I found Mr. Mama's. You can't go wrong with any of the dishes, but I highly recommend the chicken fried steak and gravy with the pancakes. The place is filled with mostly regulars who live in the area with the exception of a few visitors who find this gem. Forget the strip, Mr. Mama's will be the reason you'll be returning to Vegas.
In a town of over priced breakfast places and tourist traps, Mr Mammas is a very refreshing surprise! From the minute we walked in the door and were greeted by Nick to the excellent service of Abby the service was top notch! The food was excellent and at a fantastic value. If you don't mind wandering from the strip (10 min away) this is definitely the place to start your day.
Total great dining experience, food is great service is incredible . Price is very reasonable
First visit to Mr Mamas and it was excellent. Service was fast and very friendly. It's a casual breakfast lunch restaurant and it couldn't be better. Food was great!  Don't forget to try the warm cinnamon roll too!!  Mmmmmm
The food at Mr. Mama's is great, but the service is even better!. . Mr. Mama's is located about 10 minutes away from the strip, convenient if you need to fuel up (both yourself and the car) before heading out go town. It's on a block with auto parts stores, but will be easy to find because there will probably be people waiting outside when everything else is closed. We ended up waiting about 10 minutes at 9 AM, but the crowd grew bigger and bigger as we ate.. . My standard breakfast order is biscuits and gravy, but I decided to mix things up a bit (just a teeny bit) with chicken fried steak. Our waitress asked if I wanted to sample the gravy first because it was a little different - made with sausage and maple syrup. The gravy is a little different, very thick, with a hint of sweetness and a bit of tang. Still delicious though on top of a very crispy chicken fried steak. The hash browns are to die for - quite possibly the best hash browns I've ever had. Super crispy, like howdid they get this thing so freakin crispy?? Pancakes are really fluffy and the French toast is made with huge thick cut bread.. . I can't wait to come back. I seriously started salivating at the thought of those hash browns. Great service, everyone is very friendly and we were checked on constantly. Definitely a hole in the wall to check out!
Delish!!  Service was great and super friendly! You do leave with a smile and a happy belly =)  Every tasted very home made.  Will definitely be coming back.
AMAZING BREAKFAST! The eggs were cooked perfectly. Everything was fresh. The staff was friendly and attentive. The restroom was clean. Great prices. My new go-to place in Vegas! You won't regret coming here!
Awesome Chilli Omlette (The Omlette had like 4 eggs) and Hash Browns, Coffee and Pancakes!!! So Filling. Courteous staff!. . And I got all of that for $20 which is awesome! Had to wait for 15min during peak hour, but it was worth it!
Best place in the area!!! My daughter and I love to go there. We go since they opened.  Love their breatkfast! It's so fresh and delicioius. Great customer service and reasonable prices!!
