Monte Carlo is awesome. They have great dining, and good gambling. I woudn't recommend the poker room, but that's because I only appreciate the classier poker rooms in Vegas. We had a great time at Minus 5, the Ice bar/lounge where everything is made of ice from floor to ceiling. Made some good friends there and had lots of fun. Diablo's and The Pub are also great places to stop by, however, if you come for The Pub's happy hour, make sure you know exactly what it is and don't let the waiters pretend like it doesn't exist(read more about it in my review of the pub).. . We usually stay at the Monaco Suite. It's a decent sized suite with a flat screen and living room area and 1.5 bathrooms(a full sized bathroom and one bathroom with just toilet and sink). The decor is nice and the couches are comfy. The monaco suite also comes with a fridge so its great for keeping your drinks cold rather than having to keep going to the ice machine. We definitely enjoy the Monte Carlo every time we come and couldn't ask for anything more, well maybe if their tv's allowed for my laptop to hook into it, that would be the only thing. Oh, and one of the most important things, the resort fee is about $14 which is mid-grade for vegas but they have free wi-fi which is hard to find when looking for somewhere to stay.
Always stay here when we come to Vegas. Mainly because of the online discounts and the food court. Diablo's is fun! We love the pool area too!
When searching for a place to stay in Las Vegas, a few factors came into play: PRICE, location, and comfort.  The Monte Carlo fit the bill on all accounts.  I was a bit nervous on the way there from reading different reviews but once we arrived, I knew that for us, we'd made the right choice.. . Check-in was quick and pleasant.  We arrived at 11am on a Thursday and were directed straight away to our rooms even though check-in was not until 3pm!  Pow!  We were a group of 6, so we had two rooms.  The front desk clerk suggested adjoining rooms which was excellent and really added a lot of fun to our stay.  The rooms were very clean with very comfortable beds, 42-inch plasmas and the a/c worked fine.. . My favorite parts about the MC are the in-house casino (OF COURSE) and the number of drinking/dining options available right on the first floor.  There's a buffet (you can buy an all day/all meals pass for $38 w/ tax+fees), a food court (McD's, Subway, Sbarro's, Haagen Daaz, etc.), and then various restaurants and bars (The Pub, Minus 5 Bar, Andre's, Diablo Cantina, etc).  The buffet was decent enough for the price.. . If you want a hotel where you can just about have the whole Las Vegas experience without ever leaving the building, MC is for you!  That wasn't our aim, so we did do a LOT of sight-seeing and traveling The Strip.  In that aspect, the proximity of the Monte Carlo to other attractions/hotels on the strip was perfect for us.  What we couldn't get to on foot, the bus route took us directly there.. . In addition to being clean, Monte Carlo is more than comfortable and it's a fun place to stay.  There are more than a few discounts available to go here at a great price.  I LOVED staying at the Monte Carlo and it will remain at the top of my list for my next trip to Las Vegas!
Yes, I gave a supposed 2-3 star hotel a 5 star rating, and I'm not taking it back! HOWEVER, I would like to say that my rating for the Monte Carlo is not based in comparison to luxury resorts like the Venetian or Wynn, but rather in comparison to my expectations of what a 3 star hotel should be. . . With that being said, I would definitely stay here again. I got a great $39/night deal for four nights thanks to my M-life membership. Even with the dreaded $16/day resort fee the total bill was still less than $250 after tax which I was more than satisfied with. If you will be using a debit card to book the hotel, you should know that they put a $100/night hold on your card. This is important in case you overdraft your account or worse, your card gets rejected. Saveyourself that humiliation and plan on that money disappearing for a few days. . . Check-in process was fast and Check-out even faster thanks to Express Checkout either through your television or by simply dropping one of their Express Checkout Cards into any of their Express Checkout boxes! So easy! I never witnessed any long lines at the front desk as there were always lots of employees working it.. . Our deluxe (standard) room on the 22nd floor was nice. I was happy to see that our TV wasn't from the 80s but instead was a flat screen plasma with crisp picture and sound for when my boyfriend had to lounge around in front of it while I got ready for our days/nights. The bed was super comfy and loaded with pillows and clean enough sheets. I say clean enough only because I'm not one of the whacko's that bring a black light for inspection of every inch of the room. If I take a gander at my white sheets and they are exactly that, white, then I'm GOOD. One thing I hate about standard hotel rooms is the lack to lighting! Why can't any of them offer more than just a few dim lamps in the main room!? . . The bathroom was clean and came with your standard toiletries: hand soap, body wash, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion. The sink did seem to drain a little slow which was a little annoying but nothing to cry about. The toilet was a little scary. You just tap the handle with the lightest touch to flush and it makes a loud, explosive noise every time like you're gonna get sucked in with it. Oh and yes I did experience the crazy shower head pressure as well! It would be nice to be able to turn that down a bit but I didn't really mind that much because it felt kind of like a jacuzzi jet on my tired back muscles. . . Maid service was friendly and fast and took care of everything they should have. Bell hop was very courteous and friendly as well. Don't forget to tip! . . 24hr McDonald's, Sbarro's, Subway and casual dining Cafe Restaurant right in our hotel? Awesome!! There is also two Starbucks Cafes, a Big Chill (alcohol slushy stand), a Cupcakery (yummy gourmet cupcakes), Minus 5 Ice bar, and at least four other restaurants and bars right there in the hotel for your Vegas pleasure. . . Location is awesome because it is in walking distance to the NYNY, Excalibur, and MGM. Once you're at the Excalibur you can use the free tram to get to Mandalay Bay or Luxor. It's also right across the street from the popular M&M World. If you're headed the other way on the strip you can use the free tram right in the Monte Carlo hotel to get to Aria or Bellagio. Once you're at the Bellagio you are in walking distance to Paris and Cesar's Palace! That tram is awesome because it comes every three minutes so you never have to wait and its also never crowded! It is located up a few long escalators at the end of the Street of Dreams shops on the casino level. . . Last thing to note is that this hotel isnt overly huge, making it simple to get from Point A to B and pretty difficult to get lost. There are many elevators and we never had to wait longer than two minutes to hop on one at any given time of the day.. . I'll be back!
i love Monte Carlo hotel. . no it may not be as new or as cooly themed as the cosmopolitan or anything but its definitely worth going too. im so picky when it comes to where im going to sleep and shower and Monte Carlo satisfies that for me. their rates are unbeatable! and it's literally connected to the aria hotel and right across from miracle mile shops. its almost in the center of everything and for the rate and the amazing customer service they offer in addition to nice rooms it's unbeatable. . their pool is so much fun. they offer a wave pool where you can also sit on the steps and just kinda hang out and i saw people drinking so maybe you can drink there. they also have a popular lazy river and then just a regular pool. their drinks at the pool are amazing! . overall im very impressed and would definitely stay again.
Top notch place to stay.
My new favorite Vegas hotel.  Its reasonably priced.  Wonderful pool area with hot tub, lazy river and wave pool.  The rooms were lovely.  The staff was helpful and corteous.  But the best part, for me anyway.  Is you can get around without going throught the casino!  For us non-smoker non-gamblers thats a HUGE deal.
The Monte Carlo is by far the best hotel for me. It's centrally located in the heart of the strip and despite the recent renovations next door, it still fits in great. I can't eat at any other cafe. Seriously, their food is so good. From their country fried steak to their chicken carbonara. So delicious! Any of their dishes appease any craving that I have. The dishes have always been cooked to perfection (except for the ONE time my hash browns were a little over-done, but it's cool). Other than that, nothing compares to their cafe for the price.. . Their customer service has always been outstanding. The staff is always pleasant and accommodating. IF something does go wrong, they always do their best to fix it.. . For those of you who enjoy gambling like myself, the MC is great. I'm a slotty gal so can't say much for the tables, but they have machines that range from $.05 to $5. Can't say the same for Aria next door. $10 video poker?! I ran right back to MC.. . The rooms I have stayed in were always clean. I also tip the maids regardless if they come into my room during my stay. If everyone at least left them a few bucks to show appreciation, it'd go a long way. Oh yeah, tip the cocktail waitresses too. $1 a drink is my rule. It's just a classy thing to do.. . All in all, MC is my #1 hotel in Vegas. Affordable, awesome food, friendly staff, and great for gambling. I tend to never leave MC because I'm usually disappointed with the other options. I love you guys!
Awesome Spot to Stay!  . . My girl and I and friends always stay at the Monte Carlo Resort.  It's right on the strip and the rooms are at VERY reasonable rates.  If you have a Player's Club Card it's even better..... So my gf got me a trip to Vegas for my B-day/Graduation celebration.  We had the plane tickets purchased, and the weekend planned.  However, we did not book our room yet.  We were pretty sure that we were going to stay at the Monte Carlo-- but wanted to look around a little bit-- just to mix it up.  Again, rates were reasonable we were just seeking something different.  We were looking at rooms about 4 weeks before our trip... and still didn't book because we had plenty of time.  The following Monday on my way to work I heard the announcement of the I (HEART) radio concert... SAME WEEKEND... To our demise our rates tripled.  . My gf called the Monte Carlo on that MONDAY and tried to book-- however it was at the much higher rate.  This is where having a Player's Club card mattered.  Gf said, "Well I have a Player's Club card there, and I was going tobook my room this weekend.  I had no idea that the concert was going to be announced."  Immediately the person on the other end of the phone sent her up to VIP.  The guy addressed her by Ms. (last name) and booked the room for the "original" rate that we found.  . The GF was VERY pleased.... as was I.  . Besides being a Hotel on the Strip with great rates they have a Wave Pool, Regular Pool, Jacuzzi, and Lazy River.  The casino downstairs is fun too... I usually end up winning or at least breaking even.  We look forward to our next stay.. . Five stars for Monte Carlo- ALWAYS!
I love staying here. They're not all snooty about giving you key cards, you can have as many as you need. The service is quick and friendly. The rooms are nice and the beds are comfortable. And if you stay here, you have to check out Andre's. It has the BEST fois gras I've ever had...I crave it just thinking about it!!
So amazing. The place was beautiful and the staff was very friendly and helpful. My friend and I stayed for 3 nights for $369 total. The buffet was pretty good and so was the cafe. It is on a fun piece of the strip right across from a movie theater and within walking distance of so many of the iconic Vegas sights. I had an amazing stay here and next time I go to Vegas this is where I will be booking my room.
This is one of my favorite places to stay at when I'm in Vegas. It's always a great visit.
Great hotel. Great service. Great price. I was in town for a 4-day conference and the Monte Carlo was suburb! Everyone is very friendly and helpful. The price was fantastic. The room was very clean and comfortable. They could use an upgrade on their linens and towels. My only complaint is that they charge $5 for a pot of hot water (no coffee/tea maker in the room). Overall, it was a great place to stay.
Stayed here a couple days and wasnt bad for some walls and a bed. The steak house is really good, cant go wrong with that. Enjoyed there cigar lounge which is a very nice and relaxing place. The resort fee is pretty muh a joke.
Perfectly located on the strip.
This is one of my favorite cheap, yet great hotel on the strip. It's a great place for people under age, but it seems like the adults enjoy it too.. I really like the architecture of the resort. The front is beautiful, with the fountain. The hotel also has a great location. It is closer to the hotels I like to eat at, the M&M and coke stores, and yet closer to the center of the strip.. I also really liked the pool area. It's not the best on the strip, but it's fine for me. There was a lazy river and a wave pool, which I enjoyed. It also had a nice atmosphere. My only complaint here is that the pool is shaded, so the water is pretty cold in the morning/early afternoon.. Monte Carlo has lots of eating choices in their food court, which is convenient to those staying in the hotel and those walking around.
3 star hotel with 5 star service. Since it was built in the early 90s, Monte Carlo has been my favorite hotel in Vegas. It might not have all the glitz, glamor as the Bellagio, Wynn, or Venetian, but you'll get great clean rooms at decent prices and good service. . . I like the Monte Carlo because it's conveniently located on the Vegas strip with easy access to shopping, dining and walking distance to all the popular casinos and hotels. Access from parking garage and valet area to main lobby is quick and easy. Not crowded and jam packed with cars like other casinos. The minute you arrive at the main entrance driveway you're greeted with friendly, attentive valet service. Front reservation desk is perfectly located near the room elevators for quick room access (unlike other casinos that make you walk through their main casino gaming area to get to your room...What a hassle, inconvenience!). They've lay-ed out and designed their casino floor plans perfectly, making your stay very relaxing and comfortable. As soon as you come down from your room elevator, you have access to shops and dining, casino gaming, and front desk. No other casino in Vegas provides this type of experience which is why I keep coming back to the Monte Carlo.
We stayed at this hotel definitely no complaints, close to everything room was very good and staff most helpful and price was cheap.. This is the3rd time that I have stayed here and would definitely recommend it.
This was my favorite hotel while here. My friend and I hotel hopped. Started out at Stratosphere for two days and ended our Vegas trip at the Monte Carlo. This hotel is beautiful. I love love LOVE the pool! It's calm, older crowd. So if you're expecting Tao or Rehab NOPE! If you expect to relax, read a book YUP lol. This place was definitely a great choice. I would say I would book again but I really love hotel hopping. I mean we had a car so it was easy. I would advise hotel hopping to the people that are able to. Best way to experience multiple hotels in one shot. I wish I could have took advantage of the buffet but next time.
The Monte Carlo is a fairly priced, solid hotel. I generally go to Vegas to lay by the pool and relax. I have stayed there many times, and I feel that I get a good value for my money. Rooms are clean, there are a lot of reasonably priced "standard' food choices in their Food Court (i.e. Starbucks, Subway, McD's, mexican food, chinese food), as well as other restaurant choices. It is also a centrally-located hotel, which makes it good if you like to explore without walking for miles at a time. The other thing that's handy is a CVS store right at the front corner of the property, in case you forgot to bring anything, or if you want cheap snacks/bottled water. . . My favorite part is the pool, though, which is why I usually choose the Monte Carlo. . It is a good-sized area, but isn't overwhelmingly huge. It has a lazy river and a wave pool, plenty of chairs at almost any time of day (whether you want shade or no shade), and then a regular pool and hot tub. The customer service is very strong, too! I always rent a cabana or a daybed when I stay there, and the servers are very friendly, helpful and professional. . . I've only had one issue during the many times I've stayed there, and that was due to a drunk guest at the pool who was getting all up in my business. He threatened me and the Pool Manager was very helpful. He took care of the situation quickly and effectively, and was aplogogetic, even though it wasn't the hotel's fault. . . Depending on what you're objectives are for going to Vegas, Monte Carlo might be a good fit for you. When you think about what you get for the money, it's a great choice!
Came here with my parents for a short Christmas vacation.. . It's a small hotel on the strip.  Check in was easy and our rooms were in good condition.  The elevators have different sections for different sets of floors so no long lines for all floors at once.  The buffet lines and restaurants were not crowded at all.  This was especially helpful on Sunday where all the other hotels were crowded like an apocalypse bread line.  The fast food area and the convenience store was very close to the elevators which I liked.  Would definitely stay here again!
You can often get this hotel pretty cheap on websites like hotel.com, and it's nicer than other options in its lower price range. One big draw for me was that the casino wasn't smokey or smelly. It actually smelled goodif you can believe that, but it's true. . . POOL: The pool area was busy, and there were several pool options, including a wave pool and a lazy river. It had a family-friendly-Holiday Inn vibe to it, even though there were a lot of drunk twenty-somethings wandering around. The hot tub was dominated by people who would've been great models for Ed Hardy swimwear. . . ROOMS: Our room was nice with traditional decor. Mostly simple with white and gold decorations. Our room was clean, and the bed was very comfy. On our floor, it was a mix of people wanting to party and families. . . FOOD: The location of Monte Carlo is convenient to a lot of food options, but if you ever get lazy, the buffet is good and the food court is convenient. . . DEAL OR NO DEAL: There is the most amazing slot machine ever--The Deal or No Deal Slot Machine--and there is always a long line to play it, but once you get in, it is really fun and pays out well (for the most part.) This elusive machine isn't found in many casinos in Las Vegas, but there is one machine at Monte Carlo.
very nice
Good price for a beautiful hotel in the middle of the strip.  Love this place!!  The lobby was clean and the lines for the front desk went fast!. . We politely asked for something close to the elevator no matter the view and they gave us a room by the elevator with a great view!!!  Bonus on . Customer service!
This place ain't bad at all, it had nice size room and was very Comfortable. Great location right on the strip. But that 20 dollars a night for the Access to the pool,gym Internet and 2 Bottled water is BS. Other than that, it was cool.
This place is big and nice. I love how they give away 2 breakfast buffet tickets that cover 21.50/person and its available at 4 other buffets, not just at monte carlo. I love the room its affordable and nice with comfy beds, I slept like a baby. This place is hard to navigate where to go(food place).  Friendly staffs, easy check ins, took me less than 10mins.Hoping to come back here in the future.
I came here for their Grand opening weekend 15+ years ago, and have been back a few times since. Not just because we get great deals and it's really nice, but because the wave pool and lazy river pool rock! We even snuck into the Monte Carlo pool once because the hotel we were staying (at down the strip - which we referred to as the "Dump behind the dump") had a sucky pool which paled in comparison. Not that I just love family friendly hotels, which this hotel is, but I don't mind it here, because the pool area is big enough for everyone. . The buffet is good and the location is close to the overpass that takes you into the MGM. There, you can catch the Monorail all the way to the north end of the strip. . If laying by the pool or riding an inner-tube around the lazy river all day doesn't float you boat, you can walk next door and ride the roller coaster at the New York, New York hotel. In the evenings, it isn't too far to walk to the Bellagio to watch their famous free outdoor water show. . For me, I preferred to lay by the pool and drown my hangover with a little hair of the dog, then gamble in the Monte Carlo casino - hopeful I'd win enough money to pay for some drinks one of their many bars. . I think my favorite thing about the hotel is the clean, quiet feel. The clubs/lounges can be loud, as well as the gigantic gaming floor, but when I'm tired and need a comfy bed to take a nap before hitting the clubs or the strip, this hotels' beds and nicely decorated rooms suit my needs just fine. . You can also find some really good rates at the Monte Carlo; half what you'd pay at the new boutique-ish hotels.
I love this hotel. The spa suites are so much fun. The restaurants are great and the hotel is beautiful. I love the spa and pool. I think the Monte Carlo and Paris Hotel are my favorites on Vegas.
Stayed here for a couple of nights.  We got one free night with the resort fee comped to us because of the MyVegas rewards.  Stayed an additional night for about $59.00.  The room was very nice as well as the bathroom.  All staff we dealt with was fantastic and enthusiastic.  Nataly and James at the front desk were great as well. Even the houskeeping staff was really nice to us when we needed something.  When I saw how nice the room was, I couldn't believe I had once paid the same price to stay at  a roach-ridden Motel 6.  The pool area was fun.  My husband, son and I had lots of fun in the Lazy River, Wave pool and regular pool. We would definately stay at Monte Carlo again.
We really enjoyed our stay here! We stayed in a spa suite and found the room to be large, clean, comfy and wonderful! No, it wasn't decorated the way I'd choose for my home, but it was nice! The very large jacuzzi tub was great! The wetbar area included a mini fridge and keurig coffee maker.  I didn't notice any funky deodorizer smell that many of these reviewers complain of. Every staff member we encountered was friendly and helpful.  The main pool is in the shadow of the hotel all day, as previously mentioned, but the lazy river and wave pool are in the sun most of the day. We loved the lazy river! Drinks are expensive by the pool, but this is normal for vegas. We kept beer in the fridge in our room, much more cost effective. Although the hotel is not the most updated and modern you can get it is perfectly nice, in a great, central location, and a great value for the money. We were very pleased with the service. Didn't have any difficulties with check in or out. We didn't have any issues with our stay at all. Enjoyed everything, and the Monte Carlo definitely exceeded our expectations. We can't wait to return!
I cannot say enough about Deborah Jones in VIP services. We are currently staying in the Monte Carlo for my sister in laws 21st birthday. Deborah went out of her way to give my sister in law a welcome/Birthday gift. She is definitely going to make this trip one of the most memorable trips ever and we cannot thank her enough for everything she's done. She made our process a breeze and would come back to the Monte Carlo in a heartbeat! Thank you Deborah
What a pleasant surprise! We happened upon the Monte Carlo when our Hilton Lake Las Vegas reservation turned out to be disappointing. That resort was literally deserted.. We found a good deal on Priceline and had a ball. The Cafe was good for breakfast. There were plenty of unique dining options within the Monte Carlo/Aria complex. . We also took advantage of the tram to the Bellagio as we had Christmas Eve dinner reservations there.. Lastly, the spa was unusually superior. Immaculately kept, graciously staffed, full service, and the masseurs world class and professional. . It's our new Vegas home.
