Texas de Brazil is a must stop every time we are in Vegas! Skip the casino buffets and prepare yourself for some amazing meat. The side bar alone is to die for!! Just remember to pace yourself because you can easily be satisfied with the side bar alone.. . If you get over excited and food finds its way onto your outfit, no need to freak out....we found out that they also offer dry cleaning!
I'm not usually a fan of chain places but this place is MY FAVORITE PLACE IN VEGAS!!  The scallop potatoes are so delish!!! Cheesy crack balls...yes please!! Filet mignon....prime rib....strip steak.....yum yum yum.. Fresh mozz, asparagus, goat cheese....love love love. And then there is more meat of course...pork, chicken, and lamb. Great atmosphere, perfect for all kinds of events....I have been here for new years, birthdays, and my BFF's wedding reception.. . Service is attentive and on point always!! Love that they take reservations too!
Texas de Brazil is a large chain of Fine Dinning Churrascaria Style Restaurants.  They are on par (in size and distribution) as the Cheese Cake Factory and are international.  The dining area is large with two side rooms (also large) that can easily be turned into private dining or party rooms.  The decor is commissioned by either the owner or corporate of local artists that lends a unique touch to each establishment.  They have a full bar and a wine selection that any 5 star restaurant would envy.. . The service is top notch and extremely pleasant while helpful.  They strive to make your dinner an experience.  While pouring your water they cover the opposite side with a cloth as not to splash the table.  Since this one is in Vegas you can see people dressed as if attending the Opera seated next to a guy in a beanie and shorts.  Now on to the food.... . The "Salad Bar" is absolutely something out of a dream.  Offering obvious salad and ruffage to sushi, cheese cart, and other offerings that would rival another establishment's main course.  The servers of course carry out the more than 14 different kinds of meats on a skewer and will slice the meat for you.  You then use tongs to take the meat and place it on your plate.  There is a small circular card with a Green Symbol or a Red Symbol like Go and Stop for the servers to recognize if you want them to serve you.. . There is no hurry here as you can stay as long as you want and eat as much as you want so pace yourself.  They have everything from filet mignon, to chicken, to lamb, to rabbit, to the house special strip steak, etc etc...The food here is very good and it comes out as quickly as they can make it.  No complaints as the food is high quality.. . Please understand that this is not a "Buffet" so they do not give "free soda refils" nor are the drinks included in the price.  I love how people compare this place to a buffet, very inaccurate to say the least.  Also understand that the price is around $50 each for dinner that does not include beverage or liquor, and the awesome desserts are also a separate charge.  Expect to drop $150-$200 for a dinner for 2 including wine and dessert.  If you want free soda hit a buffet.. . *Note* Celebrities often frequent this establishment especially if the UFC or Boxing has a huge card.  They will be everywhere in the restaurant the night before a fight.  Give respect and don't ask for autographs or photos while they eat...
I was in Vegas for 5 days on a business trip, this was Day One, my first time trying out a Brazilian steakhouse, and Texas de Brazil has set a really high bar!. . There were 9 people in my group, only one person had came here before. This was the highest I ever spent for an all-you-can-eat at $46.99, but for ordering nothing but meat, everyone needs to try it once.. . Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon was awesome, and lamb chops got the whole table excited. So much of the night was a blur because everyone was just focused on the food. . . Out of the 5 days in Vegas, I can still picture the food in my head and can't wait to experience this place again the next time I'm in town.
Love it. . This was the first brazilian steak house I had been to, & after trying 4 other type of Brazilian BBQ steak houses Texas de brazil is still tops. 45 bucks isn't bad consider the variety of what you get. I've been to places that charge 30 or 35 & the meat selection is a lot lower, & the quality doesn't compare. Don't get me wrong the places that range about $30 are still good but Texas puts them to shame.. . Over the last two years this place has become really popular especially in Vegas so don't be stupid & expect to just drop in on a weekend without a reservation & wonder why your sitting outside for a few hours. The place gets so busy around dinertime that you might have a 5-10 min wait even with reservations.. . I've seen a few bad reviews because they tend to come around more often with cuts or choices of meat that people don't care for as much as filet in bacon or lamb. A valid beef (no pun intended) but when you think about it there's about 50-70 other tables in the place filled with people, everyone else is going to want to try the best before they fill up on some chicken breast or flank steak.. . I've been to this location about 9 times & the service has always been fantastic, the servers always check in with you to see if there's anything you haven't had a chance to check out, & will make sure someone brings it over to your table. . Bottom line, if your a fan of steak or just meat in general this is the place to be.
Very good selection of meats. To a first time person that doesn't prefer rarely cooked meat, just tell your waiter when first seated. He or she will make sure they send the more cooked meats to your table. Also do not miss out the fantastic "salad bar," has everything from shrimp, goat cheese and much more.
A group of friends and I decided to try this place out as we are fans of Brazil BBQ. They have a  bar that you can sit at during your wait if you want a drink. We were seated and pointed to a buffet style bar. Fruits, seafood, cheeses and other appetizers to start with before the meat makes its rounds. Our two servers were very polite and knowledgeable of the meats. They were able to describe each meat's palate so we knew what to expect. . . We decided to try everything. I loved it all. I tried to get take in the taste of every different type of meat. I think I lost it after the first glass of wine and third piece of meat. Sorry guys. All I could do was sit there and say yum while drinking my glass of wine. All while enjoying the food we had a good conversation with our two servers every time they visited our table.. . I am definitely coming back to this place the next time I make my way out to Vegas.
I celebrated one of my friends birthdays here, and it was great. I don't know what was better; the never ending salad bar, or the never ending meat train. LOL. Although this place is a little pricey, it is the perfect place for a special gathering.
Meat orgy! I'm not sure if i can really describe how good this place is. One of our group said. "this is so good i'm going to cry" and tears actually rolled down her face. Her husband, a chef, didn't say a word because his mouth was always full of beef/pork ribs, bacon wrapped filet, etc. Far and away the best lamb chops I've ever had. Plus thes guys have one of teh best salad bars I've ever seen but I highly reccommend skipping it to save room for the delicious carne.The group has been talking about this meal for weeks and some one recently said, "you know I just realized that no one even thought to ask for any salt/pepper or any other sauce. I don;t think it crossed anyone's mind"
Dear Fogo de Chao, . . I cheated on you. I'm sorry, but I was in Vegas, and you know what they say about Vegas...and you weren't here, and I was hungry, and I thought it was just going to be a one night stand, slumming it in sin city...but I think I'm in love. Don't worry Fogo, we're not breaking up or anything, but just know a little bit of my Foodie loyalty will always be in Vegas. . . Love, . . Jessica A. . . *****. Ok, on to the review. I saw a billboard for this place on the South end of Las Vegas Blvd, and frankly it looked cheesy. Texas de Brazil? Churrascaria? Ok, I'll give it a try. It's got to be at least as good as Greenfield right? Right? Please, let it be at least as good as Greenfield. . . So, we decide to try it on our last night in Vegas, and pull in to the shopping center where it's supposed to be. Drive around a little, and eventually find the place. Looks nice, weird front doors, looks like they're not open. . . Step inside, and immediately feel under dressed and transported somewhere far more elegant. I take another look around, and feel better, the other customers are dressed casually. It's just the hostesses who are in tuxedo jackets and pearls. We check in, and are given a pager, even though they say the wait is only 2-3 minutes. We walk by the standard buffet portion, what they refer to as a 60 item buffet. Apparently, different days of the week they have more stuff. It all looked wonderful, but I refuse to fill up on the cheap stuff so I kept walking. We were seated at a beautifully set table. I say seated because it was a process, we were assisted, extensively in the seating process. Chair not only pulled out, but pushed in, napkin in lap, etc. Our server Eric was already waiting by the time my butt hit the chair, offering beverages. Fine fine, beer, sparkling water, Grey Goose on the Rocks. Lets GO!. . Flipped the card, and we were off. The food was amazing. Amazing I say. Started with filet mignon, which was to die for. Then they brought bacon wrapped filet mignon. Parmesan encrusted pork tenderloin, brazilian sausage, more filet mignon. I request picana, and Eric's eyes light up. Right away, he says. Then, up swaggers the Gaucho who's specialty is Picana. He slices off a piece, and I'm in heaven. He asks if I'd like another, and I say I prefer something a little rarer. Ah, of course! Right away, then, the picana just kept on coming and I could have died happy. . . The food was KILLER. Maybe even a half a star better than Fogo de Chao. The service, was amazing. The folks at Fogo are attentive, very attentive, but the people here were beyond attentive. I think my table for 2 had it's own dedicated staff of 4 people the ENTIRE time. Wow. . . It's just a good thing there isn't one of these places in the LBC, I'd go broke in a hot minute. . . Oh, creme brulee. 'Nuff said.
Do not eat for a week before dining at this place. Meat lovers paradise is what I call this place. . . I tried almost all the meats except for the sausage. Filet mignon wrapped in bacon was a bit on the salty side but I think it was the bacon. Washed it down with the Sangria (This is really good) and it was all good in the hood.. . I tried the lobster bisque and it was good. I only tried the asparagus and sauteed mushrooms from the salad bar. The bread was great its like a giant gooey cheese ball. . . I highly recommend this place.
Dudes walk around with Sharp Knives and leave pieces of dead animals on your plate.... . F*CKING SMART!!. . lobster bisque was pretty amazing. Thick, rich, and velvety , not a lot of lobster flavor but still it was VERY nice. I wanted to take some home to use as a sauce for unsavory things like cardboard and Styrofoam for weight loss purposes.. . 20 minutes into the meal my plate was covered with slices, chunks, and bones of perfectly seasoned and expertly cooked parts of things that were once living. Need a forensics team to identify what's on my plate but everything was spot on and very tasty.
If you love meat and want to eat like a caveman this place is for you.  As a woman (there were 3 women in my party) it was more food than any of us could hope to consume.  However, we made a valiant effort!. . The salad bar is awesome with things other than salad fixings that set it apart from other salad bars.  Too many items to mention and other reviewers on this site have done it already.  But have to mention the LOBSTER BISQUE.  Although the soup is very creamy and smooth, without a  hint of lobster, this was still good enough to have us going back for a second helping. The smoked salmon on the salad bar was incredibly good.  Had to go back for this again too. . . Start with the awesome little balls of CHEESE BREAD ; hot and oh so addicting.  Couldn't stop eating them - these can curb your appetite.. . The SMOKED BACON WRAPPED FILET MIGNON  was truly delicious, very tender and juicy but very rich.  We could only eat just one piece.  We all wanted more. The bacon was the best I've ever had.. . The PARMESAN CRUSTED CHICKEN BREAST was good but it was just chicken breast and not much to rave about.  If you don't eat beef, lamb or pork this would have been just fine. There are two chicken offerings but I can't remember the other one. . . The MARINATED FLANK STEAK  was so good and tender we ate 3 helpings.  Go for this one.. . The BEEF RIBS were tough at first but asked for another piece instead and the second one hit the spot.  Very good, very rich and very tender.. . The DOUBLE LAMB CHOPS melted in our mouths, but were very, very salty.  I would love to have had another one since I  am a lamb lover but couldn't handle the saltiness.   . . I loved the BRAZILIAN SAUSAGES especially the cracking skin.  Juicy, flavorful and just the right amount of spice.  My friends turned a thumbs down but they don't like sausages of any kind so take  that for what it's worth. . . The GARLIC MASHED POTATO dish served at the table was so good we asked for a second dish.   Perfect, creamy and topped with a sprinkling of cilantro which gave this a very unusual and delicious touch. . . The SERVICE was exceptionally good.  They were very attentive to our every need and never stopped coming to the table even though we had our cards turned to red.   On the down side we asked for the bar-becued pork ribs and they never came.  We asked a second time and still nothing.    We had eaten more than we could handle at this point anyway.   . . The PRICE was $46.95 plus tip and if you're a small eater this is on the high side.  But trust me it's worth it.  Dessert is extra but who eats dessert here?. . For a Monday night the place was packed solid - not an empty table anywhere and as we were leaving there were at least 20 people waiting in the lobby to be seated.   I WOULD STONGLY RECOMMEND RESERVATIONS OR EARLY SEATING ON THE WEEKENDS.. Posted photos..
Men walking around handing out their meat, how much better can it get than that? (No Homo) (Saying "no homo" exempts me from any homosexual guilt, implications, thoughts, or wonders).. . This place is absolute protein heaven for carnivores. If you're a PETA member and reading this.......F*CK YOU! Go shove a sausage down your throat and be enlightened by the tastiness of meat.. . They serve, pork, beef, chicken, and lamb in different variations. Furthermore, they also have a full buffet consisting of salads, pastas, rice, soups, finger foods etc. They also serve you a plate of mashed potatoes and grilled bananas. I highly recommend that you stay away from the mashed potatoes since it is very hearty, I mean why else do you think they give it to you???? Get your money's worth and stick to the meats and salads.. . Service is spectacular, they even refold your napkin everytime you leave. Price is reasonable for what they offer, but not on the cheap side. Portions......well it's unlimited!!. . Texas De Brazil is so awesome I vow never to give it up, never let it down, never turn around and desert it. Never going to say good bye and never going to tell a lie...
My first experience was at TdB in Miami in 2009.  I HAVE BEEN A LOYAL FAN SINCE. Every time I go to Miami, I must go to TdB.  . . When they opened up in Las Vegas, I was so excited, I almost wet myself (just like I do when the menwalk around with their meat sticks).  . . Okay all jokes aside, my BF and I made a point we'd try TdB LV.  The morning before dinner I go to the Aria pool and get sloshed (hey, it's Vegas).  I was drunk out of my mind and managed to knock the f out and took a quick nap.  My alarm goes off and so I awake in a druken stupor.  I don't know how but I managed to pump myself up and I had to slap myself around (literally) to MAKE SURE I WASN'T GOING TO MISS TdB LV.  Drunk as I was, I managed to pull myself together to 1) wash my face 2) curl my long ass hair *tricky and dangerous while intoxicated and 3) shade in my eyebrows *extremely difficult to do while drunk and the outcome can be pretty darn scary.  With a one track mind, I softly slur to myself, "Nancy, you can do this! TdB!, TdB!, TdB!". . Result:  reeking like alcohol, I depart from Aria Resort and arrive in a cab to TdB with stank breath, half curled hair, small burn mark on my ear and neck, crooked eyebrows and two shades of red lipstick...i wasn't too far from a clown.  HOT MESS... ALL FOR TEXAS de BRAZIL (That's how good it really is!). . The food is delicious although sometimes, the meat is salty, salty and saltier.  My fav is the filet mignon.  I stay away from the parmesan chicken, I actually end up despising the guy who carries the parmesan chicken for the night, despite how cute he may be.  The smell is offensive and I can't and won't get past the stank.. . The salad bar is an understatement  because it's waaaaaaaaaay more than just salad ie. sushi, variety of cold cuts, 100's of cheeses the list goes on.  I love the variation and endless choices.. . BEST SANGRIA I'VE HAD AT A RESTAURANT...HANDS DOWN! . . . PS.  the lobster brisque is bomb diggity
DO NOT SUCCUMB TO THE BLITZKREIG!. . As you wait to be seated, and are surrounded by the intense aroma of deliciously seasoned red meat... control yourself!  When they finally seat you and your stomach is rumbling as daggers of sizzling beef walks past you... slow down.  Try with all your might to enjoy the experience and not stuff your face as they drop a bazillion bombs of meat on your plate.. . Wish someone told us that before we sat down and was disgustingly full in 30 minutes and couldn't move.
TEXAS DE BRAZIL !! WOOOOOO!! You can not go to Vegas and not check this place out. Their salad bar is delicious, so many salads to choose from including a quinoa salad,  Traditional Southern American meals, and a citrus infused creme brulee ;)Everyone including a vegetarian would enjoy this place. My favorite part , is the cuts of meat... like some one i know said "who doesn't like a good cut?" and its true, me and many others are suckers for a nice tender piece. Their servers absolutely knew what to do, predicting our every need and leaving us with a great experience. I will definitely come back & I will tell all of my friends!!
I've been to a few Brazilian Steakhouses and this one is by far the best in Vegas!  The wait staff was very attentive, the meat servers came around in a timely manner.  Our plates were never empty!. . And the food was outstanding!  Salad bar was great, they had lobster bisque which was incredible, and the steaks were perfect!!  . . Easily one of the best restaurants I've ever been to!  It will definitely be on my "must do" list for Vegas from now on!
AMAZING AMAZING can't say this enough! The food the service all impecable if you haven't been it is a must go love the sangria with the freshly muddled fruit, and the salad bar wow. Would give more stars if I could
Place was GREAT! Went in on a Friday without reservations for a party of 4 and it was what I expected, about an hour wait so being that we weren't in a hurry we just hung out in the bar for the hour to have some drinks. The bartenders were fun and very nice and attentive. Drinks were all to perfection. Once that hour hit our pager went off and we were seated and greeted by our server (Taurus) very quickly. Very good waiter I might add. Very cool, down to earth and great sense of humor. Once we had our sides and sat down the meats came quickly and frequently, it was nice. No shortage of meat at all. Everything cooked perfect and for my gf who likes her meats a lil more well down our server made it happen. I would definitely go back when I go back to Vegas.
Went here for Birthday occasion on Saturday. Now the 5 stars is probably more for the idea of how a Brazilian Steakhouse works more so than this place in particular. If you are not familiar, it is a carnivore's dream come true. I mean the place itself is really well done and service was great, but anywhere i can go and have 4-5 different cuts of beef, 2 cuts of lamb, then an assortment of chicken and pork too, is heaven for me. . . The "Salad" bar is also amazing. Salad is in quotes as it is more a Mediterranean delight, with an assortment of things like olives, cheeses, fatty Italian meets, and well flavored veggies. I could literally stuff my face on this alone and be happy. Alas i only tasted a few things from here in order to save room; the artichoke, beets, and asparagus were awesome though.. . As to the meat, it is soooooo good. Cooked and seasoned to perfection, I mean i am literally passing on parmesan encrusted chicken and pork tenderloin  as it is seen as filler. Waited for expensive cuts like rack / leg of lamb, or beef cuts like tenderloin, garlic top sirloin, or a nice hanger steak. And was able to wash it all down with a nice Peter Lehman Barossa Valley Shiraz at a reasonable price.. . Would definitely go back again for a special occasion.
My husband and I come here for almost any special occasion.  The salad bar is incredible, you could get full on that alone!  The service is wonderful, as you can ask for a certain meat cooked at a different temp if they don't initially bring it.  The little cheesy biscuits are incredible, and I would highly recommend this place.  I've only had dessert once as I'm usually pretty stuffed after dining here (and even then I only finished half the dessert!) but the chocolate cake is to die for.  The only down side is the price, as I don't think it's worth $50 per person... so be sure and sign up for their email list, because they will send you a buy one get one free on your birthdays and anniversaries, which makes this place an incredible buy!
* Best steak ever. So many choices of meat and its unlimited!. * Ideal place to dine with your date without damaging your wallet and to show some class.. * 30$ per person for the food is reasonable considering the wide range of meat you get to eat and a full salad bar offering everything you will need. * Ambiance is good. You may have to call them in advance to make reservation.. * My best advise go hungry or feed on salads for couple of days!. . Note: Being easy on your drinks could save you some!
OMGGGG.OMGGGGG!!. . This place is my FAVORITE BRAZILLIAN BBQ...ok where do I begin.... . Upon entering this restaurant, I had a chill going down my spine...very weird, but I guess I could tell something guud was about to happen. The restaurant looked gorgeous, with many paintings and celebs on the wall. Since the wait was about 30+ minutes (aka all guud restaurants have waits), we went straight to the BAR to watch the SEMIS of the NCAA FINAL 4. Ordered a patron on the rocks...got a nice buzz...then our buzzer blinnked...yesss it was time to eat.. . Once we were sat at our table...we were READY TO EAT!. the self-serve buffet included:. -salads (they had about 20 different salads). -vegetables. -dill pickles!. -LOBSTER BISQUE (wooowww....this was so guud, I think I had like 4 bowls of soup). -variety of cheeses. -hot foods (potato, beans, and someting else....I forgot). -sauteed mushrooms!!. . As for as the BRAZILLIAN BBQ spot....how this works is that the servers walk around with kabob rods, and they ask you if you want that certain type of meat. If you do, they cut of slices for you, and then you use your picker to pick at the meat. THERE WERE TOO MANY FAVORITES THERE THAT NIGHT.. . The only downside was that the dinner came out to $50...but ALL BRAZILLIAN BBQS are expensive.. . THE EXPERIENCE AND FOOD WAS VERY GUUD....I DEFINITELY WILL COME HERE AGAIN!! A definite great alternative if your tired of the VEGAS buffets...or if you just want to try something new.. . UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
The best Brazilian restaurant period. So much flavor! Everything was so delicious. And our server Adam was so passionate about his job. This Guy knew every detail about what they offered..and I mean every item. Very friendly and took good care of us. I will definitely spread the word and my compliments to their head chef and owners. Thank you for a wonderful experience. Price: $30 for lunch & $47 for dinner per person.
im carnivorous so this the perfect place for me. everything is good or at least worth a try. my favs are the house sirloin and the fillet that you can cut with a fork.
I dont think there is enough room to talk about Texas de Brazil! Any time I am near one, I find a reason to stop in. The food is outstanding and the staff is always top notch! Surprisingly good sushi and one of the best salad bars around. The meats..... well, you need to experience that yourself!
First off, this place is expensive, but you get what you pay for. . . Secondly, if you're visiting Las Vegas on vacation, you'll pay just as much if not more for an inferior meal on the Strip.. . I had eaten at the one in Dallas (Addison) before, so when I saw they had one just south of the Strip, I knew we had to go. Since we were stayingat the Luxor, it took us longer to walk to the car than it took to drive there. Seriously, it would take longer to walk to a restaurant at another casino than it does to drive here. It is literally just a couple of minutes south of Mandalay Bay.. . The salad bar is amazing. It is a meal in itself. My girlfriend, a former vegetarian, said she could have easily had an amazing meal here as a vegetarian based on the tremendous amount of non-meat choices they had on the salad bar. This is not just a place for carnivores.. . When I go, I try to avoid the various sausages and other cheap, filling meats they seem to bring around more often. I hold out for the less frequently circulated high quality meats. Don't feel obliged to take everything they offer. Keep moving with that sausage, I'll wait for the bacon wrapped filet mignon, thank you.. . Oh yeah, just one of their mojitos will knock your socks off. It was like pure alcohol.
Often I have a hard time giving a restaurant (or any place for that matter) five stars. But Texas de Brazil was amazing. Delicious meats, interesting atmosphere, fun for my family, and absolutely perfect for my birthday meal.. . Be warned - it is pricey, expect to pay $50+ for each person. It is worth it. First off they have a fantastic salad bar. This is no ordinary salad bar, it is complete with delicious Brazilian-style salads, tabbouleh, sushi, many different soups (Lobster bisque!), delicious garlic shrimp, scrumptious meats and cheeses, sun dried tomatoes.... oh I could go on.. . The service is delightful as well. When you leave your table, your napkin is quickly folded up and placed nicely beside your plate. Although our server was a bit slow to bring out my father's wine it was good none the less. Soft drinks come in tiny bottles and are poured into large glasses at the table. Kind of odd - why not just fountain? I prefer the taste of fountain Coca Cola to it out of the bottle, but I digress. . . Next is the meat. THE MEEEAAATTTT. My parents had been to a Brazilian steakhouse... in Brazil, so they knew exactly what to expect. My brother and myself - we weren't really sure. But the way it all works is just so fun and the when the meat starts coming, boy does it start coming. Before I knew it I had lamb chops, pork loin, flank steak, bacon wrapped fillet Mignon, and ribs on my plate! Don't forget the fried bananas! Those were almost my favorite part of the meal.. . Their desserts are lovely too. I ordered Creme Brulee and the waiter had a "Happy Birthday" message written on the plate in raspberry sauce. Quite literally this dessert is a piece of heaven.. . Our bill for four people - $256. . Our experience - Priceless!. . I would not make Texas de Brazil an all the time thing. In fact, I doubt I'd go back there just for dinner. I really think of it as one of those great celebration type of restaurants. So if you're having a birthday or an anniversary or perhaps even a date, it's a great place to go.
Great selection of meat and sides. Reservation is high recommended even on weekdays . We had a 8:30pm Thursday reservation and while we were waiting to be seated the people behind us were given a 45 min waiting time. Our non-alcoholic drinks were refilled promptly and our waitress came around routinely and asked if there were any meat we haven't tried or wanted more of and would send the meat carvers our way.
Singing AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW! in my heaven voice, no matter what you like, you should be able to find it here! I got so full just from the salad bar, but it' not just a salad bar! lets call it an incredible bar! Whoot whoot! California rolls, asparagus, green beans, cheese slices! And thinks I don't even know what it is, but it's good! . Yes its might pull the lint out of your pocket, but guess what.....you might not even be able to walk around town square because your so full! . It's an amazing place! They also offer buy one get one free if you sign up on there web site! . I love this place!
Our third attempt at a Brazilian steakhouse, for mother's day two years ago! This one's my fav.. I'm a huge carnivore, and this place does not upset.. I loved all the meats,every damn one of em.. Side dishes= we ended up with three rounds of fried bananas and two rounds of lobster bisque.. ...and always have a caipirhina. Brazilian rum specialty drink.I'm a rum fan, totally.. also any place that serves caprese=gold. I think we've gone three times.. BTW, the architecture here is phenominal...kind of barbaric looking. it rules.. . in case you've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse, your green and red shaker looking things are your stoplights. Green means "bring on the meat" red is no thanks. You may need to flip the thing several times. If you missed something you thought looked good, just wait. a new round will be out. Don't be alarmed at the huge-ass sword they serve with,they know what they're doing.. Also there are little tongs at your table=some meat you'll have to assist in getting to your plate!. desserts and alcohol are extra price, and this place even does cigars.. for real.. real deal.. subscribe to their email and get two for one coupon about every 3-5 months. It's soooo worth it.
Their BEEF RIB and leg of lamb are the bomb! and they'll give you the bone too!!
Delicious food and impeccable service. Salad bar is very high end and delicious. Meat quality is magnificent. The lobster bisque soup is fantastic. The desserts and wine list are awesome!!!
My wife and I went early - about 5:20 - and found that the restaurant was already 1/2 full.  It was our second visit so we kind of knew how things worked.  Even so, we weren't prepared for the constant offering of meat.  This time, we knew what to pass on so we enjoyed every bit of the filet, sirloin, garlic steak, chicken breast, and Brazilian sausage we were given.  And the cheese bread - OMG, I could just eat that.  Thank goodness we can only eat here when we travel.  Can't imagine how much fatter (and how broke) I would be if there was a Texas de Brazil across the street.
First time at a Brazillian Steak House and definately not the last!. We were a group of six with reservations. Met at the bar and had a drink. The hostess took us to our table after our drink without hesitation.. Started with the Salad Bar which had a wide variety of goodies. I ket it to a basic few so i did't fill up. The Lobster bisque is a must, very righ and creamy.. The Meat!!!. -I loved the garlic flavored filet mignon and the Pincanha( a cut of sirloin) The Pincanha has a beautiful fat ring that holds the moisture and flavors in the meat which melts in your mouth. The lamb skewers were also a hit. The other meats were good but the three i mentioned were the all stars of the night.. -i ended the night with a piece of key lime pie..one of my favorite deserts and this one did not dissapoint.. -Excellent service through out the night and an appearance from Flavor Flav...Yeah Boyyy!!!!
I have only been once and I am waiting to go again... craving it! The food is awesome and worth the money. Make sure to try the Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon.... WHOA ... so good!
Churrascarias ROCK! This place is off the hook. The meat is fantastically good here. There was not a single meat that I didn't like. Poultry, Pork, Beef, lamb, and sausages are top notch. They are perfectly seasoned and not too salty like they can be at other places. This place really wants you to fill up on meat. From the moment I sat down and flipped the coaster to green, the meat train didn't stop. I couldn't even keep you and believe me I tried my best, they were seeing me struggle and brought over an extra plate for me to use a holding area, haha! This is a new must-have when I visit Vegas now.. . If you are looking for a good Churrascaria experience, go here, you wont be sorry....well you might be sorry you ate so much meat....but thats a good thing. Salud! :)
Had an amazing dinner here.  The lobster bisque soup is outrageously good and the meat courses will blow you away.  The price point is fixed and on the high side but well worth it,
All of it is great but I suggest you stick to the beef selection when choosing what meats to eat and get more of.  The beef rib and the garlic steak were top notch.  The salad/cheese bar was great make sure you try the goat cheese spread.  Definitely worth a trip and the service was top notch as well.
Simply amazing!  If you have the opportunity to check this place out while visiting Las Vegas, do it. . . We went for lunch on our most recent trip last week.  Our friends that lived down there had us completely hyped up about it, so we were totally excited to check it out and it didn't disappoint. . . Picture a salad bar, with cheese, veggies (cooked and raw), soup and tons of other miscellaneous items, paired with servers who wander around with giant cuts of meat ready and eager to hack off a chunk onto your plate. . . The food itself was awesome.  The cuts of meat were tender, juicy and just plain delicious. . . My only disappointment was on my own end by not thinking to pair the foods with the salad bar items (they had sauted mushrooms, bell peppers and so many other choices that I can't remember them all) . . This place has been added to my MUST DO list anytime I visit Vegas in the future.
I only have one thing to say about this place: INCREDIBLE. I don't eat a lot of meat, so I wasn't sure if this would be an experience worth my money, but let me tell you, it was worth every cent. Their meat practically melts in your mouth; it is so tender and juicy. Their salad bar is just as amazing. I was impressed that they had tabbouleh salad as I do not see that at salad bars often. The service was perfect. The waiter never let our drinks get empty, and he checked on us often but not so often that it became annoying.. . If you try this place and fall in love like I did, I highly recommend signing up for their e-mail list. They send you a buy one get one free coupon on your birthday and anniversary, and notify you of their current promotions. I will undoubtedly be using every one of those coupons they send me.
I went here for my surprise birthday dinner in January that my boyfriend arranged and I was so excited because I've been waiting to try this place out. Especially since cousins and friends came to surprise me! We went around 8-9pm and they were still really busy, then again it was the weekend. We had to wait for the majority of the party to arrive before we got sat and once we got sat it was great we had a huge table and I sat right smack in the middle! I love the variety of dishes in the salad bar. I went back twice. And the meat selection wow!!! They were so juicy. And I'm one for having my meat well done but some of em were perfect at medium well. I just love how you can stop and go with the eating and the waiters kept coming round with all kinds of meats. I couldn't stop eating the cheese bread and kept asking for more! The lobster bisque was lovely! Not overpowered by the lobster sea taste. And the tabuleh salad was yummy. All the different cheeses were on the salad bar great to pair with bread. Everyone in our party was so stuffed we didn't have enough room for dessert. I tried to eat as much as I could but it was hard trying not to overfill my birthday suit! But they did have a great selection of desserts each enough to share with others. I will definitely come back and bring mom and pops !! The service was so great ! The server kept coming back to make sure we were ok and drinks were filled. And my friend was working that night and just so happened we were in his section so even better service!! All in all a great experience. Well worth the wait and money!
How to get a lot of meat inside of you. The Survival Guide of eating at Texas de Brazil. By: Robert S.. . It's no secret that Brazilian BBQ is expensive, so I decided to put together a survival guide to help you prepare a game plan. . . Step 1: This place is all you can eat. If you ate a big lunch, take the browns to the Superbowl before you come. Preferably, skip lunch and breakfast before coming here. . . Step 2: Order water. Ain't no shame in that. Sure Sangria sounds delicious in this hot, dry desert weather, but it's extra and expensive. . . Step 3: Whoa fatty... go easy on the buffet. It's a good idea to start light and give your stomach a "warm-up". Try to avoid the heavy pastas. Eat some veggies, but make sure you portion control.. . Step 4: Try not to fill up on the cheesy bread. They're delicious, but filling.. . Step 5: Identify the filler meats. I did. Avoid the Pork Tenderloin and Beef Ribs. The Pork is a bit bland and the beef ribs are a bit mushy. Stick with the Filet Mignon, Sirloin Steak, Chicken, and Lamp Chops.. . Step 5a: They have a bacon wrapped Filet Mignon, but I would avoid it. It's greasy and a little salty. I found myself drinking a lot of water. It's still good though, but I prefer the plain filet Mignon.. . Step 6: Skip dessert. That's extra. Have more fried banana. It's sweet and comes with the meal.. . Step 7: Don't bring your escort here. Not only does she charge by the hour, but the 60+ dollar dinner is a reimbursable expense. . . A little about my credentials:. I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky, engineering image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian  Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
GO hungry, the food is amazing and there is TONS of it. Make sure to get some smoked salmon and shrimp from the "salad bar".
5 stars all the way from the service, to the ambiance, but most importantly, to THE FOOD!. . This place is the answer to a carnivore's prayers! . . The meats were all so good. I loved the lamb the most! It was so juicy, flavorful, and fatty! =) Remember to not get distracted with the yummy cheese balls... grab for the most expensive meats! With that said, chicken is always skipped amongst our table (;. . I have never been the type to rave about the salad bar, but this place's salad bar is AMAZING! My favorite were the smoked jalapenos, smoked favored cocktail shrimps, and the zucchini.. . Overall, I would take all my friends here if I could. Might someday fly in to Las Vegas when I crave some Brazillian style BBQ!
My Cousin Sarah- Marie lives in Vegas and she took me here for my 29th Birthday gift.  . When she told that we were going to fast for the entire day and the night before, I did not understand why.  When we arrived at the  establishment , I was very impressed  with the decor, service, fresh food  and choices of meat. I understood why my cousin advised me not to eat waay before we  got there . The food is so overwhelming !! I cant think of a word to describe how  much i enjoyed the food, and the scenery but all  I can say , is that if you are starving in the area ,please go to  TEXAS DE BRAZIL.. . Its a little pricey ,but considering  the "all you can eat" nature of FINE CUT MEATS, organic fresh vegetables, cheese breads, mint rice ....   it was worth every penny!. THE lobster bisque soup was DEVINE.. . Much love to my cousin for taking me there!!
as it always goes here....yummy meat sample all cooked to perfection. and nice salad bar(fresh cooked thick cut bacon is so amazing). I usually am not a big fan of the flank steak but it was out of this world on this visit.
ive been to this restaurant twice at this location and in miami and both times were excellent if you love meat this is the place to be because its all u can it u sit down and different different waiters come and serve different meats that are really tender an juicy an how u like it cooked rib eye and rack of lamb were my favorite they also have a salad bar full of salad and as well as sea food and finger foods. Its a pricey place but well worth it with great service as well, so try it out make sure u come starving cuz u will have to put away alot of food!
5 stars, are you kidding me??. . Fuck that shit.. . I give this place 8.9 stars!. . Everyone mentions how good the meat is here. Duh!!! I'm not gonna lie, the garlic sirloin is orgasmic!. . But fuck that shit. . . Texas de Brazil has thee best Goat cheese hands down! It had this . intense tart flavor to it, without it being too salty. Perfect temperature and texture. The color of the cheese was also a very passionate white, vibrant and vivid; no question the goat cheese was extremely fresh. Needless to say, I was thoroughly impressed :). . I'm coming back for that Goat cheese!
OMFG...Bombfrigenlicous!!!. . . ***This place is 50 bux a person, but sign up for there email, and they will send you a 2 for 1 special on your b'day. RIght away that is AWESOME! because it just happened to be my b'day. . . Let me try and break it down....  . 1. Walking in through the door you can rite a way tell this place has ambience. . . 2. Our waiter (or whatever he was) was excellent, fast and friendly.. . 3. The salad bar was the best anywhere I have ever been to. The potatoes are amazing. . . 4. Once we sat dawn and where ready to try out meats, we fliped the little paper coin thing over and there where three meat handler people in less than 5 seconds at our table offering us slices of delicous smelling meats. . . 5.Overall, this place may become myt favorite spot. . . . TIps!. . Paste  yourself.. . Learn the name of the meats. I was soo excited to try them all that I completely lost trac of whic ones which... so when I wanted another slice of my favorite, I had no clue what was the name =(.
TRULY AMAZING! Worth every penny! . . Ambiance, service, meat, salad bar = 5 stars!. . Definitely come on an empty stomach! Pace yourself! And make sure you walk off your food in the shopping center close by!. . Yes, it's a buffet, but dessert is not free!
Just got back from a birthday dinner at Texas de Brazil.  As always it was fabulous.  I go about 8-10 times per year.  It is definitely on my top 3 restaurants in Las Vegas.  We were with some girls that were vegetarians and they let them eat the salad bar for $25. Reg price is $45 for salad and meat.  I have always been a meathead and alot of places disappoint me because the portions are usually too small.  At TdB this is never an issue cause you can eat all the meat you want till you drop with a wide varitety.   I recommend sticking with their best dish which is the house special "top sirloin".  By far the best meat dish.  I like to go on an empty stomach after the gym where you work up a huge apetite. The salad bar is excellent as well and I am not a big salad bar guy.  If I had to take points off of this place it would be for the hostesses up front.  Even with reservations if the place is really busy, you will wait up to an hour.
This place is not for vegans, but they do have side dishes in which I barely ate.  Save your appetite for the meats.  The waiters come around with pieces of meat on long swords and they cut pieces into your plate, what a concept.  Excellent meats and they taste amazing.  My favorite was the beef ribs that was cooked for 8 hours, it cut like butter and just melted when eaten.  The only thing I didn't like was the lamb, but I am not a huge fan of but I had to try it.  I didn't try the chicken, but the beef selection never ended.  You do have to pay for desert but the carrot cake, creme brulee, and cheesecake were good.  Bomb place.
I don't think it's any secret that I love meat.  When I was researching Vegas eateries and I came across Texas de Brazil, I knew that it would be a must visit during our trip.  Located in the Vegas Town Square shops it's just a short (less than $15) taxi ride from the strip.  . . If you've been to one of these then you know the deal.  You pay $50 for all you can eat delicious meat.  Me and my buddy were seated immediately and it was game on.  Before I get to the meats, I must say that the lobster bisque is one of the better ones that I have enjoyed.  As for the meat, you have to go in with a game plan.  There are a lot of lower grade meatsthat they try to fill you up on (pork, bacon wrapped chicken, sausage etc.)  This place was quiet enough on the evening that we were there that we were able to continually request specific meats (i.e Flank Steak, Bacon wrapped Filet Mignon) mmmmmm.. . This is the 3rd different location that I've dined at and it was probably my favorite in terms of service and meat selection.  They also have a few authentic Brazilian beers available.  We both went with a Xingu black beer which complimented the meat nicely.
I love Brazilian churrascaria.  It's got to be one of my favorite eating experiences, EVER.  So why not go like all the time?  Hmm.  Honestly, it's not the price tag which is usually $40-60 per person.  It's all the tasty meat.  All that meat all the time and I'd die of meat poisoning.  Albeit a great churrascaria will also have a fantastic salad bar.  . . I've driven by this Texas de Brazil so many times I can't count.  And I don't even live in Vegas.  So finally I made a date to come eat here when I met all my friends here.  It was 5 of us that came to eat and we were not disappointed.  I made a reservation prior and we came on a Saturday night.  Seated without issue, our server asked us if we've ever eaten at a Brazilian Churrascaria.  I told him that I had, so I could break it down to the rest of my table.  He also gave us menus and told us if we saw something on the menu and if that meat didn't come around, then we could tell him which meat we wanted and he'd get the kitchen to bring to us.  Absolutely spot on because we did this a couple times with him and sure enough, he got the kitchen to bring out our selected meats.  . . I also asked him for a recommendation on a wine.  Chrurrascarias are the usual spots I get a chance to drink South American wine which is pretty tasty.  I asked for a South American wine and he recommended a really, fantastic one.  Only cost us about $20 also.  . . What else is there to write about?  So much meat.  I mean so much.  So much that I honestly don't remember half of what I ate.  Though to be perfectly honest, I didn't feel that every piece of meat we got served was perfect or amazing.  There were some selections that were just "ok" and we definitely didn't get a 2nd serving of them.  But you get served so much meat it gets hard to track what you've eaten and what you haven't.. . The salad bar's strong also.  Great selection of enough foods that I wish other vegetarian restaurants had the same bar.  Sigh.  Ironic when a charrascaria does a better salad bar than most vegetarian places I've eaten at.. . And finally dessert.  But dessert is not part of the dinner price.  It's extra but worth it.  Again, we got 5 different desserts and I can't even remember what they all were but they were outstanding.  A great way to finish after all that meat.. . Now this wasn't the best churrascaria I've ever eaten at, but close.  Ice wine on the menu would have been the tops!  What really made our eating experience the tops was our waiter.  He was outstanding.  Some of the best service I've honestly ever gotten.  We actually asked him for a recommendation to the best strip club in Vegas and he suggested some.  Then 5-10 minutes later he came back and told us that he gave bad recommendations and named some other ones!  What!  So he actually went back to his staff and asked them so he could give us a better recommendation.  That's beyond service.  We gave him a 20% tip and I threw in another $20 on top of that.  Seriously, if you're reading this right now, you are a total pimp.. . So if you're a carnivore, come and gorge yourself at Texas de Brazil!  And if you're new to Vegas and looking for a recommendation for a strip club, come gorge yourself at Texas de Brazil!
I don't often give 5 stars especially when I spend $60 a head on a meal but this visit was fantastic! The food, the service and even the atmosphere was perfect. Couldn't ask for anything better and I have eaten at a lot of Brazilian Steak Houses over the years. I strongly recommend trying it out. It doesn't get any better.
This has to be the best steak house in Las Vegas. The price is reasonable and I have no complaints about the food or the service. They have so many different choices of meat and the salad bar is exceptional. Not to mention the best lobster bisque I've ever tried. . This place is great, they circle your table with different cuts of meat and you can also ask them to cook it to your preference. Or you have the salad bar with such items as fresh cheeses or sauteed mushrooms or even scalloped potatoes. . If you have another steak house in mind find out what the average price is first and keep in mind that at this place you can have multiple meats for just one price. If your in Las Vegas you have to try it.
The food was awesome! Great service! The beef ribs just melt in your mouth!
What a great experience! This was our first time trying a brazilian steakhouse buffet. My cousins treated me and my bf here for dinner during our stay in vegas. They warned us that we shouldn't get too excited with the salad bar because you'll get filled up before the meat.. but man when we saw the salad bar, i mean how do you not get excited?! haha. so we did exactly what they warned us not to do. filled up our plates with salad bar items. haha. it was so yummy. still had room for several meats that were served to us, but i got full pretty quick. I don't even remember the names of the different meats i tried but they were delicious! we also had a pitcher of sangria which was delicious, too. they serve mashed potatoes and fried bananas with unilimited refills. yum yum. =)
A. M. A. Z. I. N. G. !. !. !. A little pricey. Prepare your stomach for this feast by not eating all day!
WOW!!! i cant just cant say it enough. me and my fiance went last Friday night for dinner. now this place is packed. So i recommend making reservations. because we did and still waited about 15 min. Now come hungry and really try to pace yourself because as a first timer we really didn't know what to expect. start light at the salad bar and try all the meats. My personal favs were the fillet Mignon (like butter), top sirloin (the flavor and fat content was so good!).Service was fantastic,and desert was great.we had the brazilian cheesecake. EVERYTHING IS AMAZING. i will forever be a customer here
Everything we ate was awesome, especially the bacon-wrapped filet mignon. The only caution to you is remember that this place is awesome, but not cheap. We paid about 70$ per person last night once you factored in drinks, tax, and tips, but it was worth it.
I really, really liked this place.  I had never had Brazilian before and I knew it was going to be pricey but I wanted to try it.  So glad I did.  YUM!. . I'm a picky eater and I can tell you there was more than enough to keep me happy.  I'm not sure if there's a menu as we all ordered churrascarias (is that right??). . There is a salad bar/side dish buffet thing set up with all kinds of cheeses, fruit, au gratin potatos, and a host of other things so there is no shortage of options to choose from.. . I was a little hesitant to try some of the meat but I took a chance and had some really great beef - here was my problem though:  I couldn't remember what it was called or which little guy dressed all in black brought it so I spent the rest of the night eyeballing every little guy in my quest to get the one I looooooved, so pay attention when they tell you what it is!  . . Tip: We had a dining special that a friend had gotten because she's on their email list. I think it was $39.99 which included drinks (soft) and dessert.  From what I gathered we saved quite a bit with her special so you might want to try to get on their mailing list.. . As good as it was it was still pricey.  There were only 3 of us and by the time we got out with wine/tip/tax we paid over $150 even with the special.  I don't regret it though as the service was great and the food was supurb.
Vegetarians beware.   Meat Meat Meat Meat!!!!  Churrascaria!   My favorite place.  I've been to a few of their locations.   The meats here have always been perfect.  Grilled to perfection.  Many different portions of seasoned beef, lamb, pork, chicken and Brazilian sausage.  Pricey but they have coupons, prices for children etc.  They are staying competitive.  One price for each person in the party.  For two people I'm usually out the door with drinks and desert for 120-140 with tip.  . . If you haven't been before it goes like this:   . Eat lite all day.  Save yourself.  You will thank me later.   . Get a reservation.  Go a little early sometime they are on time.  If not there is a bar to the side for you to wait.  A little pricey on the drinks but a full bar and a trained staff.  Huge wine selection.  . . Get to the table and they turn you loose on the salad bar.  It is not your average salad bar.  It is a Smorgasbord of heaven.  Lobster bisque soup, gourmet fare, cheese's, olives etc. and salads.  Do not over eat! Sample the bar......Meat is coming.  They bring plantains to cleanse the palate between meat courses.  Wonderful cheese bread balls and mashed potato side.  They give you a red green paper coin (red=stop or I will blow up)  or (green =feed me) to let the guys with the meats on skewers to know if they need to stop or not.  They give you a small thong to grab the meats as they carve them off the skewer.  Tip:  They them what you like and to come back in a few minutes with more.  Sometimes if your looking for a particular meat it might be a few minutes as they make their rounds.  . . Clean! Fast staff.  Staff is professional and friendly.  Friendly management, manger made the rounds.  I love the service here.
Five Stars, love the place!!!! You will get around 10 different kinds of grilled, well-seasoned MEAT (beef, pork, lamb, chicken)- and lots of it, served by attentive gauchos and other wait staff. MEAT is capitalized because it's so good and so central to the experience- don't lose your focus while here. Three rookie mistakes to avoid: . . First, do enjoy the wonderful salad and soup bar, but DO NOT overdo it. Yes, it's tempting in its inviting layout, there are many many good choices (spicy cauliflower, roasted zucchini, lobster bisque, manchego cheese...the list goes on!) and it's the only way to get some veggies, fish and cheese in your belly along with the choice MEATS. But resist the temptation to try everything- remember, you didn't come for the sushi or the feijoada stew- you came for the MEAT. Focus, people. You can always go back if you get tired of the MEAT being brought around and served tableside. . . Also, once the MEAT starts comingaround, just take one piece of it at a time unless that's the only kind you want that night- the portions are deceptive and after a couple bacon-wrapped filets mignon, you might not want the "Top Sirloin- House Specialty!" the Brazilian (or more likely, Slavic) gaucho is waving at you and suggesting you try. One piece of each, try them all and then ask your waiter to send around the ones you really want again...that's the way to go.. . Finally, you will also get wonderful garlic mashed potatoes, fried plantains and yummy cheese breadlets at your table. These, too, should be enjoyed in moderation. As with the salad bar, that's not what you came for really, right? They're called side dishes for a reason.. . We have never had bad service here and though it is a little expensive per person if you pay full price (especially if you also want some wine or dessert), a good strategy is to sign up for their Texas de Brazil club online- you then get a 2-for-1 coupon good for your first visit and then more 2-for-1 coupons for your birthday and anniversary. That's the way we've gone and it makes it much more reasonably-priced for two. Also, during the holiday season, I guess they get less traffic and so our e-mail box has been filled with coupons for 3-course meals and dinner specials from Christmas to New Year's. . . The wine list is also worth mentioning- red wines from around the world predominate as they should at a MEAT palace, but their white selection is also good and quite international. Desserts? Well, they look good but honestly after all the MEAT, we've never had room for them. Finally, the ambience is always good- sometimes a little loud but always a fun crowd. Last time we were there we saw not only a wedding party but some MMA star (no idea, don't follow the 'sport') whom all the waiters and maitre'd clustered around for a while. . . One last tip: Do make reservations (online is easiest). Even though you will still probably have to wait 10-15 minutes to be seated, you will be seated much more quickly than people that arrive the same time you do with no reservation. And you don't want to salivate over the tempting MEATS any longer than necessary, do you?
Gaucho boy "Brazilian Sausage?"..Yes.Please!.  When in the mood for MEAT i mean serious tender, seasoned meat. This is the best place for it... Hands down! AYCA people!. . I usually go here when they offer a special that I get with my email/online newletter. Like buy one get one free for an anniversary dinner or a 3 course for only 39.99 so we end up taking a dessert home!. . Favs: Picchana(sp), garlic sirloin, Lamb chops. and I am picky with Lamb! Salad bar has great selections. i don't waste my time getting the rice or beans.. that's just filler. Quality food, great service, and even the palatecleansing sweet bananas are to die for!. . P.S. My mom loves this place. So filipinos with HBP.. take your meds and get ready to chow down, and drink tons of water to help with digesting all that marinated protein!
Went here with a group of 7 on New Years Eve. I will admit, I was skeptical. My friends rave about this place but I am extremely picky when it comes to meat and I'm one of those weirdos who can't have a spot of pink on my beef or it's completely inedible for me. So, an all you can eat brazilian meat house (lol) has never sounded very appealing to me. Boy was I wrong, this had to be one of my favorite meals ever. Once I told the waiters of my disgust of bloody meat, they made sure to continuously bring me well done meat to devour and devour I did! I think the garlic flank steak was my favorite but it was all so good I really can't remember which I like best. I'm a poultry fiend and the chicken was just about the only thing I passed on, everything else was just so good. The Sangria was just about the best I've had anywhere and the desserts were great. Had to take mine to go because I was too full but we gobbled it down later. This will be on my must visit list every time I go to Vegas!
Went there for me and my fathers B-day... Fantastic. Only problem is at some point you end up hitting " The Wall" .
I had 1 of my more memorable dinners here on New Years Eve. My husband & I went with no expectations & left extremely full & very happy.. We are not from Brazil & know very little about "authentic" churrascarias but completely enjoyed our meatfest. . . My favorite was the picanha, the house specialty top sirloin. i liked it medium rare & just could not get enough! Very tender & juicy. I ate 6 servings of it! . The other cut of meat I liked was the flank steak. . I didn't take the bacon wrapped items as I don't like bacon over powering the flavor of the meat, plus usually, those are often over cooked.. The pork was the only meat I didn't care for at all as it was over cooked & too dry.. All were seasoned well, a tad on the saltier side but flavorful.. . The salad bar was good but as many have mentioned, this is not really the place you would go to load up on salad. The offerings could very well have provided for a sufficient meal on ts own but the meat is what you're there for.. . The service was very good as our server came around a good number of times to ask how things were going as well as sending over the Gauchos when we had meat requests. Drinks were always filled & side dishes (fried bananas & garlic mashed potatoes) never empty. . . Many have posted how expensive it is & although I don't disagree, how many places can you visit that provide all you can eat, well prepared meat, salad bar, & sides for the same price. I have gone to plenty of restaurants, higher end included, & I thought the place offered good value for what you get. . . Definitely recommend & be sure to join their E-club for discounts.
I got a comp. dinner there for my birthday. The salad bar is outstanding. Then  they bring a variiety of meats to your table to sample small portions. It's a great way to try several things.
Out of all the Brazilian places in town, this is my absolute favorite. By favorite, I mean...my bf used to want to come here every week. Lol. They have the best salad bar. They don't just have salads, they have smoked salmon, sushi, and LOBSTER BISQUE! It's about $50 a person but totally worth it. They also have an an anniversary deal and birthday deal if you sign up with them--two for one.. . They have a good selection of meats. The top sirloin is so juicy and perfectly seasoned. They have a lot of different types of steak, which is what I normally just eat. But they also have lamb, chicken, ribs, and pork. I've tried a few of them before but I never ever really get them. The only bad thing that I always have something to say about is that they always come to the table even when the card is red. By that I mean, you come in and they have a card on the table. One side is green, the other red. When you want the gauchos to come by, turn it to green. When you need a break, turn it over to read. They still come when it's red, lol.. . The caipirinhas are so good. You can get them in a variety of flavors, I like it mango flavored with a sugar rim. I've tried passion fruit, and strawberry. But, mango is my favorite.. . The garlic mashed potatoes they give are super good, along with the fried bananas. The bread is so soft and chewy! Perfect to dip in the bisque!. . Last time I tried the papaya cream. It's kinda like a smoothie, they add creme de cassis. It's pretty good, my dude loved it. I probably would've opted for creme brulee.. . All in all, love this place. $50 a person is well worth the money. Nice ambiance for date night. You can dress up or be casual. If I were the owner, I'd opt for a dress code.
Filet mignon is amazing, along with the white Sangria. Definitely a place to go for celebrations- always leave stuffed
When i first heard of Texas de Brazil the first thing that came into mind was BBQed baby back ribs and Texas toast, but that wasn't the case.. Located near town square and although a little hard to find, this all-you-can-eat steakhouse is an experience that should be shared with your family and closest friends.. when we finally got there we were greeted by two gigantic wooden doors and the aroma of nicely spiced meat.. There were 6 of us and ware asked to wait about 15 to 20 mins to be seated. giving us more time to juggle our appetite and to wonder why we didn't dress better since its a little bit upscale. . After we were seated they began to explain how things work:. Basically there are servers carrying around freshly cooked meat  on a long metal skewer going from table to table offering different kinds of steaks. . Medium Rare Flank Steaks, Bacon Wrapped Filet Mignon, Lamp Chops, my personal favorite Garlic Sirloin and a ton more. There are two-sided buttons for each person on the table, and these buttons are used to signal the servers when you're ready to try their steaks. Green side means "go" and Red side means "damn lemme digest that piece of meat first".. They also have a Buffet Table in the middle that have about 40 to 50 items like breads, salads, cold meats, cheese, soup, sushi, and roasted veggies.. They also have a cake tray that have about 6 slices to choose from which isn't included in the $48 all-you-can-eat steak price. We tried the chocolate mouse cake for an additional $8 and it was worth it. I've already been here twice and I give it 5 stars for both times.. . Tips:. . -A little long on the wait so make sure you make reservations or get there early (4pm-10pm). -Don't bother trying the sushi. rice is old and hard. and you're here for the steaks man!. -Lobster Bisque is delicious but not consistent. Sometimes its too salty.. -Try all types of meat! if there is something that you don't like, give it a second try because there are times they just give you a bad cut.. -Just take your time. There are occasions when servers push their steaks on you even if your button is red. A couple of time the server gave me a piece even when i said no. They're probably getting rid of that steak to bring out a new one. Don't let them give you an old cut. Always go for the fresh one so your steak is always Hot and Juicy!
i absolutely love this place,they bring around different types of brazillian meats on skewers,from chicken to steak to lamb.the ambience is upscale,its perfect for special occasions birthdays,anniversaries,etc......
I love Texas de Brazil! The food is great but the price is a little bit high, however is worth for what you get.
yum! can't wait to go back! . . Located at the Town Square behind the shopping area, It has it's own parking area and doesn't seem very big from the outside... and when you walk in... it actually isn't very big!. hahaa.... . It's not small... but it's not very big either.  There's a separate bar area next to the waiting area so you can grab a drink or 2 or 3 before your seated.  . . Nicely decorated and nicely kept,reception is very friendly and welcoming.  . . I've only recently begun to appreciate steaks and meats after we moved and I started cooking more.  Texas de Brazil was two, three, four finger-licking thumbs up. [though this is NOT the environment for licking thumbs.]   The selection that the gouchos offered... or "meats on sticks" were tender and juicy... flavorful and plentiful.. . 1 more star for the salad and side bar!  It offered a lot and everything complimented my steaks and wine perfectly. . . It doesn't seem so uptight that you have to wear something nice like shoes and not slippers... but it is a nice restaurant.  [btw, I think it's okay to wear slippers...]. . We came here on an anniversary date after hearing awesome reviews and again... I can't wait to go back! :D  maybe a nice v-day date ;D
It was the best!  Loved it loved it!
My new favorite restaurant in Vegas!!!!  Came here last Friday with some buddies for lunch and was absolutely impressed.   The service was top notch, tons of great cuts of beef (perfectly seasoned), the price for lunch was very reasonable at $25 a person, the salad bar was good and had a decent selection of greens, rice, etc, also the layout was decorated very nice as well.  This place is really popular, so make sure to book a reservation in advance.  Overall, I really enjoyed the restaurant and would highly recommend it to anyone who loves meat.  I'll definitely return on my next trip Vegas for Labor Day weekend!!!
Love this place, Gluttony at it's best.  Great meats, Nice wine selection, service for the most part is excellent, and the salad bar is unbelieveable.  I usually don't go to the salad bar so there is more room for the meats!
Can we say Steak & Meats Galore?  This place would make any guy or gal want to give a Tim Allen "man (or women) grunt " hehe, but in all seriousness Texas de Brazil is a wonderful Brazilian Churrascaria Steakhouse. (An all you can eat served at your table feast) Located in the Town Square shopping area just off South Las Vegas Blvd...this authentic place will leave you amazed...but it can also be intimidating, especially for first time guests. . . This may not be your place if you are a vegetarian, but there is an amazing salad bar, with a few sushi, seafood, and smoked salmon that are delicious as they look.  . . The place is the scene to be seen, when hosting birthday parties or social events...but as formal looking as it is intimidating...one may not look far to know that this place can be casual in dress code as well. (but I wouldn't recommend wearing sweats and a tank top)...although I am sure you won't be escorted out and denied service.  Place is nicely decorated and contemporary in design and furniture.  Place is a little on the dim side, but not as dim as the cheesecake factory.. . It is best to make reservations as one will quickly notice that waiting time especially at peak hours and weekends that the wait can take anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour...but then again that is the typical at a nice restaurant like this.  They could have provided better seating for waiting customers...it can get a little cramp in the entrance area, where you may have to find yourself waiting outside...it might be alright but during cold winters and summer heats...it might not be your cup of tea.  . . Once you get through that and you are shown your table and seated, the host will explain how it goes down.  You may start off with a salad bar for all your sides...and when you get back the meats start to come.  You get a small circle card...red on one side, green on the other.  Green means go and Red means stop (who would have known) ... but basically the green card indicates servers to come to you and serve you an array of meats from sausages to chicken to lamb to pork to fillet mignon and so forth!  The combinations seem endless, so pace yourself if you want to try a little of everything!. . On a side note...it may feel frustrating at times when your card is green and no one shows up at your table...this may happen at times when it gets busy...but don't be ashame to call out a waiter or a server and request a type of meat to be brought to your table.  They will take to your request and bring your delights.. . Texas de Brazil is a little on the pricey side, but this is expected at this type of place.  If you are a baller on a budget...this place is a once in a while special occasion type of deal.  If you haven't tried it yet...definitely plan one...even if its once in your whole life.
Can't say enough great things about this place!! We discovered this amazing restaurant when we were in Miami and even though there isn't one in southern California, there is one in our favorite place to visit!. . We had only previous been for dinner but this time because of scheduling, we made reservations for lunch. I was a little hesitant because sometimes lunch isn't as good but I called ahead and the only difference was a few items in the salad bar (which we don't eat much of anyway) and no filet or lamb. This was ok with us because we actually like eating some of the other cuts of meat and for the price difference, totally worth it! 26.99 for lunch vs. 46.99 for dinner.. . One tip, if you have early dinner reservations, get there a little bit before your reservation and head to the bar for happy hour :). . Now if only they would open one in LA
Meat Galore, for real.. . They have a salad/soup bar in the main room and you basically serve yourself and then there are servers coming around with steaks & chicken of sorts. I am not a big fan of chicken, so I did not bother getting that.  . . But steaks were all good and amazing. My absolute favorite would be the filet mignon with no bacon. . . They also serve you fried bananas & mashed potatoes.. I loved their fried bananas the best I ever tasted. Mashed potatoes, ehh not so great.. Overall, I had a great experience with this place and Im thinking about going back there real soon.. . TIP: In the salad bar, they have bacon bits and if you love bacon; these are just amazing!
wow. . overall great food, above average service, good value, nice selection.. its nice to have a buffet style meal thats good quality, and in a casual setting (its nice not being forced to dress up :) ) . overall food was great, the only things i really didnt care for was the different types of chicken. i found the parmesan chicken dry, and the chicken breast and bacon to taste hotdog-ish. . the top sirloin and garlic steak were really good, and the mashed potatoes were amazing- also love the fried banana. (one of the things my husband and i were talking about when we left was we dont remember ever having a good fried banana before) . . the one thing i would change though if i were them, is the bottle soda to tables. i mean, yes it looks nice/classy. however, its the casual ability that gives this place such a unique charm. i really feel they should replace it with fountain (free refills) also, your serving meat which requires people to drink a lot... it not cool when the price of drinks can compare to the cost of the meal.
Absolutely amazing !! The price might throw you off but it is mos def worth it was so good I went twice in 3 days! They wonderful thing is that as much money as they make and charge they still offer genuine good discounts like 15 % off for military and there 8 guests!!! who does this anymore!!! Go there on a starving empty stomach you will be rolled out of there and stuffed!!! The Meats are so fresh and delicious! The waiters and hostesses are so courteous to all walks of people not just the rich!!! I would most def recommend this place to everyone!!!!! The salad bar is nothing but the highest quality!  The only downside is the waiting area and the lack of meeting the reservation deadlines. OTHER THAN THAT GO HERE!!!! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!
What I"m about to tell you, will not make sense, until you are finished with your meal here.. . . Filet Mignon, Garlic Sirloin, Bacon Wrapped Chicken. Skip EVERYTHING at the buffet table including the Lobster Bisque. The meat that gets brought to you is where the Jackpot is at. The buffet table is filled with goodies, but it just doesn't compare to the meats.. . . I am NOT a steak/beef type of a person. I"m more of a chicken meat eater.. But that Filet Mignon will even turn a Vegetarian to the dark side.
Meat feast awesomeness!  What's not to love?  Succulent meats and a fantastic salad bar.  Price is pretty steep but worth the treat.  The fillet wrapped in bacon and lamb chops were my favorites.  We were originally quoted a 40 min wait but turned out to be less than 10.  Our waitress was attentive and sweet.  Really nice bathrooms and bar area.  Highly recommend!
This is a carnivore's dream come true. SOMEBODY SLAP ME AND CALL ME A SLUT! . . Just keep the little disc they give you on green. . . Yes, yes, and more yes...
I like to refer to Texas De Brazil as the Meatpocalypse. You really need to prepare yourself like a day in advance because this is a serious meat eating adventure. Start at the salad bar first for some lobster bisque, smoked salmon (seriously good), orzo salad, assorted cheeses and veggies. Once you get back to the table the full blown meat assault begins whether you are ready or not. Their house sirloin is amazing. It is pricey but if you sign up for their club they send out deal emails frequently and you can get a free meal during your birthday month (as long as there is a paid meal at the table).
Repeating what others have said - make sure you're HUNGRY!. . And don't make the rookie mistake I made by putting too much on your plate going through the salad bar....the really good stuff (the reason you're there!) is coming right to your table!  Hint:  Double-up your plates at the salad bar, leaving a clean one on the bottom that you can use for the meat when you get back to your table.. . Expertly seasoned meats, and for the most part, perfectly cooked.  We've been there twice now, and the second time I thought the beef ribs were just a tad too over-done.  The first time though they were perfect, as was everything else.  We didn't try the chicken -- sorry, not going to waste stomach space on chicken....I don't eat lamb, but my husband does, and he said the lamb chops were great.. . Come hungry....leave STUFFED!
The nom's this place offers are EXCEPTIONAL!!!. I wanted to try a new place for my birthday and decided I wanted to be placed. in a meat coma upon my arrival home. So Texas De Brazil was chosen!. I'm so glad we came here the food was delicious!. Our waiter was patient and swift as he explained how the cards and the food delivery worked. He also thoroughly explained all that was on the salad bar and encouraged us to give it a whirl.. . The salad bar is almost equivalent to the greatness of the meat (meat blasphemy, I know!!). But it really is delicious with traditional salad entrees being offered in addition to marinated mushrooms, fresh salami and cappicola to dress. Along with sauteed mushrooms and lobster bisque. (ALL TASTY!!). . Then the meat arrived. I wont lie, I drooled a little bit when I saw lamb chops, and sirloin, and sausage (oh my!!). It was all tasty and they managed to have something to please everybody. . They could even cut the meat for people who wanted medium to well done. My sister has already planned another visit for us.. I cant wait to go again.. yummy!!
i love this place. i go here for every special occassion. went for my birthday this past march was awesome. great server and great food. only bad thing is that they tend to forget when you ask them to cook the food well done sometimes they dont come back to your table with it since everything is cooked medium.  but its still amazing.
On the norm, this place is usually packed! They are well staffed to handle it. Typical service for a Brazilian Steakhouse isn't as good as an American Steak House service (upscale restaurant), so keep that in mind but for this place, This place takes the cake!  Via Brazil would take second then Fogo de Chao would place in show. Only downfall, you must make a dinner reservation or your going to be stuck an hour or more just to be seated. That's how good it is! Since it's upscale,so is the price. Dinner runs for $46.99 per person. Soda's are from can and not from fountains which means no free refills. 1 can of soda is $3 each. Best if you just drink water or an ice-t which are the only two that are refillable. But for service and quality of food, so far in Las Vegas, this place is number 1. I would recommend this place for people to celebrate Birthdays or A Special Anniversary. Our favorite items are the Bacon Wrapped filet mignon and the Beef Ribs that is cut in a special way without the bone and the house special top sirloin cap called Picanha, best if you asked for thin slices!
Been wanting to go to Texas de Brazil for quite awhile but it's on the expensive side so just never got around to it. Finally went for my birthday and had a wonderful time and one of the best meals I've ever had.. Everything I love about a great steakhouse (extensive salad bar and garlic mashed potatoes mmmmm) but you get a wide variety of different meats and they'll keep bringing them around as long as you still have room. . All the meats were perfectly cooked, the chicken and pork cuts were juicy and tender. We finished the meal with a slice of Brazilian cheesecake, which was a perfect combination of chocolate fudge, cheesecake and caramel. . Cannot wait to come back here again now that I know all the little things about it. Definitely want to try some of the sauces they had at the salad bar with the meat (chimichurri and mint sauce).. . Important tip!: if your planning on going for your first time or just a return trip, sign up on their website for their eclub/mailing list. They'll send you a 10% off coupon for the entire meal and they'll send you a "Buy one, get one dinner free" for your birthday.. . With the buy one, get one coupon, our check ended up being $100 plus the tip. We had an amazing meal and alcoholic beverages and dessert. Very much worth it.
The best, the ABSOLUTE BEST in Brazilian BBQ!. . Being from L.A., I've had my share of great BBBQ places. Fogo de Chao, M Grill, Libra Steakhouse and the non AYCE variety such as Pampas, Bossa Nova, Cafe Brasil, and of course we're known for our plethora of Korean BBQ places too. But the best all you can eat BBQ place I've set foot in is Texas de Brazil. Why you ask? Let's take a step by step journey shall we?. . First, the place itself is very classy, roomy, very romantically lit (as romantic as plates on plates of red juicy, bloody meat can be anyways), and not too loud. The walls are decorated with lots of artwork, I think it's very well decorated but then again I ain't exactly what youse city folk would consider as "artsy" nor fancy but i do know it's not tacky. Spotting your favorite UFC fighter or Vegas celeb here isn't too uncommon (what's up Wanderlei Silva!). The servers in their gaucho uniforms are very friendly and always super attentive.. . Secondly, the buffet bar. Wow what selections! Of course you're going to get the usual greens from the salad bar and as always, everything there is very fresh. Asparagus, snow peas, mozzarella, grilled Portobello, olives, baby corn, grilled peppers, etc. Just remember, don't get too excited, it's just frickin' veggies man! The other section offers garlic shrimp, pasta, cheeses, prosciutto, fried plantains (delicious!) and just a lot of other great and satisfying fillers but I sure hope you know better than to fill yourself up with those! One thing you do have to get though is the lobster bisque, man I sip on that the whole night. It's rich, creamy, and just so flavorful. . . Now for the main event, the MEAT! Picanha, top sirloin, Brazilian sausages, beef ribs, chicken wrapped in bacon, filet mignon, filet mignon wrapped in bacon, flank steak, garlic picanha, lamb chops, leg of lamb, Parmesan chicken, Parmesan pork loin, pork ribs, and pork loin.Oh man, each piece if perfectly seasoned with the right amount of salt and spices. You never feel like you're consuming too much sodium even though that's exactly what you're doing. But you don't get the meat sweats because it's just that perfectly cooked and not at all too oily. My favorite were the pincanha, top sirloin, filet mignon in bacon, and definitely the leg of lamb along with the chops as well. I don't know how many beasts I've consumed at Texas de Brazil but I can assure you, PETA would consider me one of their greatest enemies if they know just how much meat I eat here. The thing that also helps you continually enjoy seconds, thirds, fourths, and so on and so on are the sauces they have for you to dip the meats in. the chimichurri and mint sauces are bomb.com and goes well with pretty much any cut of meat.. . Lastly, their dessert carts they have rolling around are packed with choices as well. Cheesecake, flan, pies, cakes, and creme brulee galore! Confession though, I honestly didn't try any because I had filled myself up to the throat with meat and lobster bisque and the Brazilian version of Lay's potato chips, the pao de queijo (aka Brazilian cheese bread) because I bet you that you can't have just one. I on the other hand did have just one I think, one basket that is. I love those cheeseballs!. . Anyway, each person I believe came out to like 50 bucks which is honestly a steal for the quality of meat and everything else at the salad bar that they offer. If you sign up on their website you can get special offers from time to time so might wanna look into that if you're more on the thrifty side. All in all, when in Vegas, screw 90 percent of the buffets on the strip (with the exception of the Bellagio & Wynn ones) and just come on down to Texas de Brazil. Where Texas cattle get the Brazilian treatment (I honestly don't even know where their cattle comes from, I'd just figure I make that connection so it would help me make more sense of the name). Oh wait, just read on their website it's because they combined it with the generous spirit of Texas, close enough. Ok now I'm just talking to myself, but anyways, do yourself a favor and come here if you are a meat lover. If not, stay home you salad eating pansy.
Texas de Brazil is really quite impressive.  They offer a very nice salad bar with various cheeses, prepared salads, cold meats, fresh vegetables.  There is also a hot item bar with a delicious lobster bisque, scalloped potatoes, black beans, rice, and sauteed vegetables.  It's very easy to fill up just on these items.  Then the meats come around, and the selections are quite wide.  Pork tenderloin, bacon-wrapped chicken, filet mignon, flank steak, beef rib, etc.  Everything was very tasty.  We also tried the sangria, which was very good as well.  Don't miss the buttery mashed potatoes and fried banana side dishes.  This is a nice place to celebrate a special occasion, and we always look forward to dining here.
Great selection at the salad bar (don't fillup), delicious unlimited meats and outstanding customer service.  I like Yolie's, but TDB beats them by a mile.  I don't think our water glasses were ever less than half full and the servers were always attentive and very professional.  We will be back..   The only thing that was disturbing (a pet peeve), is typical throughout Las Vegas; no dress code.  The place is a very nice, relatively expensive dining establishment, yet people show up dressed to mow their lawns in wife beaters, cut off shorts and flip flops.  Makes it hard to celebrate occasions and feel special.  In a town where you can't get into most dance clubs with sneakers, there should be a standard for nice restaurants.
Tip #1.....don't come here unless you want to severely overeat and knock yourself into a food coma.. . Usually it is all about food and presentation but in the case of TDB, it really is all about the food.  Sure, the presentation of carrying meat around on a skewer is a nice show albeit a little cavemanish but as far as I'm concerned, they can carry it around in their bare hands as long as they just keep bringing it.. . Tip #2....don't go crazy with the salad bar.  . . Yes, you will be tempted by the grilled garlic, various cheeses, seared tuna, sauteed mushrooms,  artichoke hearts, quiona salad and smoked salmon but STOP!!!!!  You're not here for that!  Nope, you're here for the succulent tastings of all the different kinds of meat.. . Tip #3....tell them how you like your meat cooked.  . . That's right, don't be afraid.  Just because it is on a skewer doesn't mean its cooked the same way all the way through.  Tell your server what your preference is and they will let the meat walkers know exactly what you're looking for.  If you were at an ordinary steak house, you'd do the same.. . The MEATS... . One of my favorites is picanha which is just a sirloin.  Why would one pay this kind of dollar to get a sirloin.  Well take my word and TDB's as well (it is their house special) that this is not an ordinary sirloin.  This slab of meat is cooked to perfection with a char on onside.  The meat is tender and surprisingly melts in our mouth and not like the sirloin I've known for so long.  I would suggest that you get one of the edge pieces where the fat is on the crispy side.  Make sure to add some of chimichurri sauce for the meat as it adds plenty of oil and garlic to this already juicy piece of meat.. . Their lamb could quite possibly be in my top 3 lamb tastings of all time.  Add in their mint sauce and it is an amazing combination for your mouth.. . Others meats worth diving into:. . Flank Steak - oddly enough, not as good as the sirloin but ranks right up there.. . Filet Mignon - the king of all beefs.  Unfortunately here it is just ok.  It is nothing as you'd find a common steakhouse but definitely worth the eat.. . Chicken - honestly I'm not here to eat chicken but will admit, the chicken is very good but here and now....its all about the beef.. . Pork Loin - seasoned well and very tender. However if I'm going to have pork, throw me some bacon please.. . Garlic Steak - a nice piece of meat with the presence of garlic.  The garlic is not overpowering but can definitely be tasted.. . The service at TDB is amazing and they want to make it a dining experience.  I've never once felt rushed no have I ever left there wishing something was different about the service.  The staff has always been friendly and on spot with meeting our needs.. . A good wine selection and a full bar tops this amazing culinary experience.. . Sure, it is pricey and not something that I would do weekly.  A couple of times a year is more than enough.  But with regards to the price, it is no higher than one of your higher end steak houses and I promise you that  you will never leave with an empty feeling.. . Tip #4....ENJOY!!
I lived for some time in Rio de Janeiro and this "Rodizio' is the best I had outside of Brazil, simply perfect, it reminds me 'Porcao' and 'Marius'.. take a tip from a connaisseur : don't get too much food from the buffet, real brazilians focus on meat, specially "picanha"
After hearing so much about this place and after having lived in Vegas for 10 years without trying it, I decided it try it on one of my trips back to the land of sunshine and neon.  . Solid 5 stars.. I stuffed my face on prime cuts in a manner I haven't done in years.  I sampled every cut that came by our table.  . The salad bar is extensive and exquisite.  They have cheeses at the salad bar that add a nice element to the meal.  . I will definitely be going back to this place.  The service was excellent and the staff was courteous.  It lived up to everything I had been told and then some.
Living in Vegas for a few years now, good restaurants are abundant.  We benefit from all the incredible chef centered properties on the strip and the Megaresorts, however; the one area where the recession has really hit most places is service.  Fewer wait staff, poor service even when the food is acceptable can really put a downer on things.  . . Texas de Brazil is not one of those locations.  Food was exceptional and well seasoned.  And yes, while you come here for the meats, the exceptional balanced salad bar with its choices of chilled asparagus with raspberry sauce, couscous, lobster bisque, fresh salads and cheeses really create an exceptional dining experience.. . Granted, its not the tasting menu at Guy Savoy or Joel Robuchon, but its a real pleasure combining the numerous meat selections, tasty sides, and exceptional service.  . . My wife and I had 6:15 reservations and were promptly seated when we arrived.  Dress code was Las Vegas Business Casual (I allow for nice dress shorts).  And there were several families with small children and young people.. . Price was more than fair, service was exceptional, and food was great.  I highly recommend locals or visitors giving TdB a shot.
Execellent service and food.  Reservations is a must and go early.  We had to wait an hour since he had no reservations but that was fine. . . Adam M. - Wait Server is Execellent.  Giving you the tips on what type of meats to try and to try a little of everything at a slow pace.  Checking to see if we want anything special to be cooked it can be down .. . The bread to the meats to the salad bar is well stock and fresh. . . Will be back with our family and friends the next time we are in Las Vegas.
This is probably my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  I understand that it's a chain and there are a handful of other TdB's I could visit, but that doesn't mean it's not amazing.  The food here is wonderful, the staff is always friendly, and I've NEVER left wanting more.. . I recommend this place to all of my friends.  Definitely worth checking out if you're in Vegas.
We typically have buffets when visiting Vegas so I thought I would mix it up so I came here for my BDay with a group after hearing about the restaurant on MMAjunkie. Wow is this place damn good.I'm a meat lover so I was in Meat heaven. All the meats were on point and the buffet was damn good too. Best Brazilian steak place hands down and we have had quiet a few back in LA. This place has to rank in top 5 best places I ever ate.
Food was delicious.  Will come back.
Have to say one of the best places to eat. Yes it is pricy, but the flavors of meat, desserts, etc are just amazing. My mouth waters just thinking about it. My wife and I went yesterday to have our 5 year anniversary and I think she enjoyed it more than I did. . . I do wish the price was cheaper. Oh well. Would recommend to anyone who loves great tasting meat and is willing to pay top dollar for it. Maybe a once or twice a year/special occasion dinner.
Truly the cream of the crop amongst many Brazilian BBQ joints. Came here to celebrate my 100th day with my girlfriend and what a decision it was to come here!  We came on a Monday night during the evening at about 5:30 PM. Though there was not a lot of people, we waited 15 minutes, probably because they were preparing but it was well worth the wait plus more. . . Upon seating, we were courteously greeted and  were given a brief synopsis of how this unique restaurant works. However, I had difficulty understanding him for he had a strong accent but I learned as I went. . . For appetizer, we are introduced to the buffet bars consisting primarily of multiple salads and greens. There was literally every green vegetable and fruit imaginable. The asparagus is huge and extremely fresh! They also had garlic shrimp which was very tasty as well. And to think this was just the beginning, I was more than wrong.. . Upon seating, you are given this plastic coin where one side is red and one side is green. The red basically means "no meat" while the green means "meat." Wandering the restaurant are servers who carry their specialty of meat and cut/serve for you when they noticed the green side up.. I first began with chicken wrapped in bacon. DELICIOUS. Small yet enriching in taste. My suggestion is try not getting too much so you leave room for others.. Then I got Filet mignon wrapped in bacon. Can't get enough. . Then came others such as the Brazilian sausages, pork ribs, lamb chops, lamb legs = etc. Every meat is cooked to near perfection with right amount of salts, spices, and etc. The food is served at your convenience so remember to leave good tip. Try to eat at a good pace as well because once that green coin is up, the meat will come at a very quick pace. So quick, that you may leave your meats to cold air just because you've accumulated way too much. . . My bill came out to a little over 100 with a glass of wine and two people. For a buffet style, this is not bad at all. I find this to be smart because unlike a buffet, this style of unlimited food conserves portions at the server's discretion. While at a buffet, people impulsively grab foods that look good and tend to eat half of it and then throw it away. A waste, when you consider how many people in the world are starving, which is why I truly credit this place for implementing an AYCE style that conserves portions and maximizes profits. . . I am a proud Korean and their popular format of foods but Brazil really gives me a good reason to become a part of their nationality JUST because of the foods. I hope you all enjoy the same journey I had at this restaurant.
I think the only way someone could give this restaurant less than 5 stars is if they somehow got really bad service.. . I've eaten here about seven times now - and their servers are first rate - as would be expected when you're looking at $50+ per person.. . The salad bar is huge and full of unique and delicious things.  Everything from Salmon chunks, huge variety of vegetables, bacon, soups, cheeses...and that only about 1/2 of it.  Very unique and good salad bar - I know people who go here just for it.. . But...the big attraction of Texas de Brazil is M-E-A-T.  Basically you can have as much of just about any type of meat your heart desires.  I could write a book about how great their meat is.  Lamb, Beef, Chicken, Pork...many different cuts and preparations of each.  When I first arrive at this restaurant, I find it hard to imagine how I could ever turn down another helping of such fine meat!  Then...about 3 pounds later...I think, oh my god I just ate more meat than I thought humanly possible.  And LOVED IT.. . Texas de Brazil is an awesome restaurant with a very high-end feel and I give it my highest recommendation without any reservation.
This place was great.  Very friendly atmosphere and attentive service.  The servers just kept coming and you didn't have to wait too long if you needed something.  If they don't personally have what you're looking for, the server will go and look for the person who can deliver.. . Don't forget to try out the Lobster Bisque... it is heaven.. . Just make sure that you have enough room to chow down and enough time to really savor the meal.
Great experience!! The service was wonderful and the food was outstanding!! BTW our server was Bonnie :) She is the best!!!
AMAZING! I was skeptical about the high price and all you can eat steak. I have been to many buffets and many steakhouses and I have learned one true fact; you get what you pay for. . . I ate 5 fillets and they were each among the best I have ever had. Tender, juicy, and full of flavor, these fillets were outstanding. The hot and cold salad bar was full of choices. I am a meat and potatoes guy but my wife was thrilled with all the green and good for you stuff. My favorites were the mashed potatoe, the potatoes au gratin, and the sauteed mushrooms. . . The service was spectacular! We really felt like we were taken care of. . . With the price as high as it is, this is truly a once in a while event, but oh what an event!
So darn glad we tried this place!!!!. . We ate here for lunch and it was $36.99 per person. They told us that after 3:00 pm the cost for dinner is a but more so I was glad since we were trying it for the first time we got the lunch price.. They do offer lesser price for kids.. . We started with the Salad Bar and I was very impressed with what they had to offer. I never heard of "Grilled Provolone" before and it was too tasty. So many options you wouldn't find at the usual buffet and so so so fresh. . . They gave us all our own "flip card" that youhave turned to Red when you are eating and Green when you are ready for more. They brought us Garlic Filet, Bacon Wrapped Filet, Flank Steak, Bacon Wrapped Chicken, Pork, Lamb, and Sausage.. They just keep bringing it to you until you are done. I can't believe for the price you get to keep eating such quality meats.. . They brought during the meal some "Fried Bananas" to cleanse the palette in between trying the different meats. They also brought some "Garlic Mashed Potatoes" and some delicious little rolls.. . We all had soda and they came in cute aluminum bottles. I kept 1 for my collection of coke stuff.. . We didn't eat dessert because we were so stuffed from everything but I am sure it would have been tasty.. . The inside looks kinda fancy but you don't have to dress up to go here.. . The service was excellent and we are now hooked and will for sure be back again!
It's a little pricey, but well worth the extra $. Go for lunch on the weekends to save a couple of bucks. The salad bar is the best buffet in Las Vegas by far. Just remember to pace yourself and minimize the extraneous foods (salad, beer, etc.) to save maximum room for all the different meats. They're all delicious.
Last yr., my company had our Christmas party at Texas de Brazil. Wow what an experience. All you can eat meat, soup, salad and sides. The staff were very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.. . I am not much of a meat eater but I had a GREAT time.  I love it so much, I celebrated my birthday w/them too. KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK TEXAS DE BRAZIL!!!
Texas de Brazil is the bomb! For about 45 bucks you can have AYCE brazilian steak and other delicious cuts of meat, as well as side and a gormet salad bar. They have an enormous wine selection and the staff is always friendly and helpful. If there is a certain meat that you want brought to your table, your waiter will always make sure that happens. Be sure to make reservations in advance though or you may be in for quite a wait during dinner
What a great eating experience. The salad bar is awesome but the steaks are the main attraction. Lamb, bacon wrapped chicken, flank steak their special steak but my favorite is the filet mignon but not the one wrapped in bacon(takes away from the filet). So tender no knife is needed and melts in your mouth! Dinner is great and has more meats at $50 but lunch is a better value at about 1/2 the price.
An endless parade of perfectly charbroiled meat on skewers and carved table side. If that weren't enough they have an extensive salad bar with lobster bisque, charcuterie sushi, and salad (if you must). I must also mention the cheese rolls. speaking of rolls, be prepared to be rolled out of there after you have eaten roughly your body weight in filet minion, beef ribs, and flank steak. Worth the short drive from the Las Vegas Strip. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Excellent quality and excellent customer service. Wow!!  I will return.
I was recommended here by my friend/my evo technician. He suggested I go here when I'm in Vegas. I decided to go here since I have a free birthday meal. . . The meats were good, I especially LOVED the parm. chicken. the meat was oh-so-flavorful! my bf loved the bacon wrapped chicken. they had beef, chicken, lamb, pork, but they do have sausage.. . The banana cinnamon thing was yum! It tasted like a Cinnabon cinnamon roll without the cream cheese frosting but with bananas!. . I'm pretty sure we will come back.. . And if you see this Mauricio, thanks for recommending this place!. . They are faced across Mandalay Bay. (I drove around and around that stupid small plaza looking for it)
MEAT LOVERS GALORE!! a place to definitely satisfy your inner carnivorous nature . . A couple friends and I ventured off of the strip to try this place out, heard of it through my baby cousin who goes to UNLV! . . Compared to NY prices, this place was a steal. it was 35$ for all you can eat lunch (in NY its 65$). AND IT TASTED SO MUCH BETTER THAN THENY ONE!. . Servers here are thebomb.com, super helpful and always asked if we wanted to request anything + how we liked our meat to be cooked. Can't get any better than that!!! customization to its finest :-) especially for an all you can eat place where you usually get what you're given. . . Recommendations: . skip the salad bar, just eat the meat!! good selection though if you can eat that much... prosciutto . . only go to the salad bar to get your DIPPING SAUCES for the meat!! DONT FORGET THE THIS! . . sirloin- BEST SIRLOIN ever! perfectly medium rare, juicy- melt in your mouth sirloin:-). lamb racks- I could not stop eating these, SO good! perfectly cooked and marinated and no gamey- taste to it. . . CHEESE BALLS! - as good as these are, try not to eat more than 2... you will ruin your appetite for MEAT! which, you know, is the main attraction.. . FIVE STARS:. for excellent service. for food. for atmosphere + cleanliness. for price. for being in vegas. not on the strip. :-)
Best Churrascaria I have ever been to, including its namesake coutnerpart in Chicago. Only downside is no fountain sodas, so when you order, you get your small bottle and that's it. No refills. Not that you want refills anyway as it would take valuable real estate in your stomach. :)
I loved this place, went here for my birthday had reservations, took about 15 minutes to be seated. Service was great, salad bar was great! Meat was great. BUTTTT the desert was not so great, they put cinnamon in the creme brulee which i was not to fond over. But i still give it 5 stars!
Probably the best restaurant I have ever eaten at. The meat is so tasty, cooked to perfection. The mash potato's are amazing (would love the recipe to recreate!). The brazilian dough balls are sensational......not only that but even the salad bar is good! I love the unlimited exceptional quality food, lobster bisque is brilliant......I always feel like ive eaten too much after, but it really is sensational stuff, pricey, but worth it.
I came here last December for a birthday dinner and I fell in love. I have been to Brazilian steakhouses in CA but this one in Vegas stands out and the price is less than the Agora. Service was decent and the food just kept coming. I am a carnivore so this place makes me drool. The meat is cooked and seasoned perfectly just the way I like it. . . Basically it's an AYCE meat place and they will bring it to you. =P
Excellent!  All the meat you can eat!  We had an awesome waiter!  I had been to a Brazilian steak house in San Fran but this one was way better.  I went with my husband and our friends and this was there first time.  Everyone enjoyed themselves.  We went last Thursday and they were packed!  Very busy, make sure to make reservations.  I did it on line at their web site.
Can't believe I have never written a review for TdB.  I have been here many times...whenever the craving hits for "red meat super coma".  This is a great "guy's night out" even though the ladies usually don't mind some meat coma.  But let's face it, this is most guy's dinner wish.. . The setting is very nice and classy...feels like you need to be dressed up, but it doesn't seem like they push the dress code much here.  Service is excellent, with a main server to do drinks and to bring over specific requests.  The rest of the meat cutters move table to table to lavish your plate with excellent cuts and super tasty treats.. . There is a very large salad bar area that you can attack...I usually just hit the cheeses and misc to add to the wine selection or tidbits to fill in between the meats.. . I won't go into each and every cut, but I will name off a few of my favorites.  The filet mignon with and without bacon...no idea why, but I feel baconless tastes better??  And I am a huge bacon fan...maybe it is in my head.  The lamb is also super tender and tasty...and the house/top sirloin cut is also amazing...especially when you get the end pieces!  I also really enjoy the sausages...very yummy.. . Can't beat the potatoes and the fried bananas too!  I never have room for dessert, so the bananas are a nice touch.. . You simply can't beat this place if you have the BOGO or % off coupons...this is a super deal even at face value. . . Can't go wrong!
The best brazilian Steakplace in town!
Came here for the first time for a friend's birthday. It is the second time I've ever gone to a brazillian bbq.. . I was thinking there was a dress code for this place, but my friend who has been here a few times said there isn't one and a lot of people just come dressed casually so we did the same as well. . . The food overall was good, I stay away from anything pork and lamb so I cannot make comments about those dishes, but my friends all seemed to have loved it all. I tried all the other meat dishes and loved every one of them, I didn't taste something I didn't like. The filet mignon were all tender and juicy, the top sirlion's were also really good, I got as many of this as possible to fill my plate. I actually think my table cleaned out the guy who had the top sirlion each time he came over. . . The salad bar had a lot of neat small appetizers and such, but I would stay away from it and just stick to the meats. Some small stuff won't hurt, but you don't want to end up eating a bunch of things from the salad bar and not have any room for the meats! . . The service was amazing but this was the first time that I believe a few of us came and we didn't know that the BOGO was one per table and two of them had the deal. So it was reduced but we were a little bummed it wasn't much cheaper because of what we expected. Also, we didn't know that the drinks cost for each individual one, one of my friends got pineapple juice which came in a small can but he thought it was unlimited with the cost of one, turned out to be just $20 for the pineapple juice. Be careful when you order drinks, if you're expecting unlimited refills, it's not. Stick with the water. . . They don't have grilled pineapple though, which made me a little sad.
This place is great for the inner VELOCIRAPTOR in all if us! It's a flat rate for various specials but most include you getting up and toying with the EXCELLENT salad bar (not just salad but also cheeses, spiced meats, etc...) but do yourself a favor and WAIT/PASS on the salad bar.. Texas de Brazil was my first Brazilian-BBQ style restaurant. According to my "amigos" you flip the coaster-sized marker that is green on one side and red on the opposite side. GREEN means BRING ME MORE F*KN MEAT! RED means I'M GOING TO DIE! STOP BRINGING ME MEAT JERKS! The service will bring out huge skewers of beef, pork, chicken, lamb, meats stuffed with cheese, gorilla, human meat, etc... All spiced or marinated differently.. Whatever your heart desires!
One of the BEST Brazilian BBQ places I have EVER BEEN TOO!  They have a great salad bar, the meat selection is fantastic!  Only downer is that I didn't have enough time to sample everything because of the HUGE variety that the offered.  Which is good, so I have to go back again and again!
I went to this place for the first time and I am impressed. Good quality, friendly servers, food is delicious. Must must must!!!
What would you pay for a good steak?  $30?  $50?  $100?  Texas de Brazil gives you not only an incredible value for a great meal, but you are given what feels like hundreds of dollars of food for less than $50.. . An average of 14 various cuts of meat are hand delivered to your table for as long as you want.  It is a buffet where the food is delivered to you.  Take as much or as little as you want.. . Add in what I can only be called a "salad bar" filled with various fresh and cooked vegetables, soups, breads and cheeses, and the value goes up.. . Just being a great value for the amount of food can be accomplished by any buffet, but the food is phenomenal, the staff is helpful and attentive, and the atmosphere while loud is quiet and pleasant so you can easily talk at your table.. . If you are a steak lover, you have no reason to not go.
This is it!    Wow what a great meal!. . Was looking for a good place not in the casinos and this place delivered big time.. . Food: 9.5/10. Fantastic selection and flavors were great.. Lobster bisque was exceptional. . Service: 10/10. At tentative, pleasant and everyone was on point.   Felipe was great.. . Cleanliness: 9.5/10. No problems at all. . Restrooms: 10/10 as found 9.5/10. Really nice.  Clean just a few water drips by sink but excellent overall.. . Parking: 9/10. Nice big lot. . Overall: 10/10. Way above average in all regards.  I will be returning each time I visit vegas.
By far the best of the "meat houses".  Pretty pricey, but great service.  Also, the sides and salads beat the heck out of the other Brazilian places.
My bf brought me here for my bday and I also received my free meal from TDB because I was signed up with their e-newsletter so that saved us $46.99 (sohe was pretty lucky that I knew we were going here cause he couldn't keep his mouth shut, lol!!).. . The inside was unexpected, it looked like a place I wanted to live in as far as the decor goes. Really awesome and beautiful.. . Our first time here and wow, I was in love with the salad bar. IMO, a LOT BETTER than Fogo de Chao. Seemed like a lot more selection and it was constantly being filled back up so everything is always fresh. . . Our waitress was super friendly and awesome. She explained how everything works and always checked on us to make sure everything was good and if we needed anything.. . I didn't get to eat all of their meat selection but the ones I did eat were really good. I especially loved the brazilian sausage and chicken. I'm sensitive to salt so some of the items were too salty for me. I think next time I may just ask if they can get me a plate of all their meat wo their salt rub. . . I also went and bought their great holiday gift card deals to come back during xmas. It was $100 for $125 gift card so I bought 3 of them. Enough to feed 6 people including desserts and drinks! Definitely excited to come back here in a couple weeks.
Amazing!!!! Beef ribs and flank steak is soooooo delicious!!! I wouldn't normally order those 2 meats at other places but its a must have here at Texas de brazil!! I just love the seasoning on the flank and the beef ribs are so tender!! Mash potatoes are yummy! The salad bar is more than a salad bar, you get so much out of it. Definitely coming back here again. Oh and make sure you come hungry!!
I signed up for their e-club and got myself a buy one get one offer for my birthday. It's $46.99 per person (dinner) so this coupon was a MUST use for me and my buddy. We were seated by the salad area so everything waseasy access for us. We tried every meat that has past our table (might have missed some). ALL of the steaks tasted like an orgasm in our mouths! Kidding! Seriously,  great food all over and great service. Our server, Bonnie was GREAT as well!. . TdB keep it up!
Ok 5 stars easy with the caveat that this is my first Brazilian BBq ever! It was DELICIOUS. Great service with kind explanations about how the food is served. First we were off to the salad bar. A+ for uniqueness, cauliflower salad, grape salad, fejoada (the ubiquitous rice and beans of Brazil), quinoa salad, goat cheese, nutty manchego cheese and prosciutto, and on and on delicious little tapas~like bits of food in large quantities. One could easily stop right there, and probably should, but no, don't! save room, the best is yet to come. Lamb, top round, flank steak, chicken two ways, and sausage come fragrantly sizzling 'round to your table. Tender, flavorful, and very nicely seasoned. Mashed potatoes (blah after all the salad bar offerings but fine) and fried bananas to the table. Cocktails selection was nicely explained and my caipirinha was given a light pour on the cachaca since it was lunchtime and I was driving, and great coconut flavor with many other flavors available. The atmosphere was romantic with it's high oxblood redceilings and heavy beams. I would definitely visit again when protein cravings strike!
Good-mother-of-god meat from the sky!. . I wish I was the star of my own documentary that would chronicle how fat I could get from eating here everyday.  Texas-de-Brazil-size Me!. . I have to "carve" a whole day out of a Vegas trip to dedicate to this place.  You have to.  There's no way you're getting drunk, going to the club, or even dragging you heart-defibrillator needing behind to a blackjack table after a night at T-de-B. . . Also, they are very accommodating to large parties with advanced notice.  I went with a group of about 16-20 once.
Fantastic!!!  Every time I eat here I feel like i am going to explode when i leave.
Wow, this place is amazing. Ate here today and I was amazed by how pretty the place looked and the food was awesome! Definitely a carnivore's paradise :) they go around with skewered meats and they were perfectly cooked (med rare) and omg their salad bar was incredible! So much choices, all food seem fresh. And oh yeah, our server was so professional, very attentive, I believe his name was Raphael. Thank u for ur awesome service, definitely going back again just coz I received great service n of course the food was delicious :D
I came here for one of my birthday celebrations because if you sign up for their newsletter your birthday dinner is free! I would suggest signing up at least a month in advance to make sure you get your free offer. My husband and my brother came along for dinner. My brother who has never been here or anything like this was amazed! He was an awe the whole evening...I thought he was funny. When I come here I typically just stick to the red meats and lamb because I can always have chicken. The salad bar was still delicious but don't forget your dipping sauces that are also located there. I would suggest ordering the ice tea (free refills) and it doesn't make you full fast like a soda. They also give military discounts!
Skip the bread, skip the potatoes, skip the fried bananas, go directly to the meat. It's fun to see how many different animals you can eat in one setting. . . . Noon - 3 on Friday the price is around $25. You can't beat it!
I went there last year in January when I was visiting Las Vegas. I have been to Brazilian Rodizos here where I live but Texas De Brazil I would have to say is my favorite. Love the cheese in the buffet, and the pan de queso also love the maracuya alcaholic drink. Hella cook. The meats are good too and it will fill you up. Can't wait to go back next time I go to Las Vegas!!
I am hooked on this terrific restaurant!  I went for my wedding anniversary last year, then I had to go for my birthday!  I am planning on going again for my wedding anniversary this Valentine's day!  The service is wonderful!  The food is 5 star!  Worth every penny!  Make sure you go with an empty stomach and stretchy pants!
I have often heard the tales of the Brazilian Steakhouse where delicious meats are brought to your table and carved off of a Skewer onto your plate and now I can confirm these legends are true.. . We came for lunch today after a few days of business meetings, located off the strip but only about 10 minutes away.  The buliding was large and beautifully decorated. Bright and roomy with lots of natural lighting and dark wood tables.  To begin your meal you can induldge in a wonderful 60 item salad bar which included among other things: cubes of smoked salmon, shrimp, proscuito, sliced parmesan, crunchy bacon and a myriad of other delicious items. . . Lunch also includes small cheesy bread balls, garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas. Then when you turn your two sided two colored placard over from red to green the feast begins!. . We were served: flank steak, a house special sirloin, garlic sirloin, fillet, bbq pork ribs, lamb chops, leg of lamb, parmesan chicken, bacom wrapped chicken and possibly some other items that I cant remember :). . Most of the meats were flavorful and delicious.  You may have as much as you want and fresh cuts of meat are constantly brought out, basically it is a grand feast!. . Lunch was about $25 and was a bargain since the same foods are served at dinner for $50.  I highly reccomend trying this delicious entertaining feast.
If you've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse, please make this one your first visit. The concept is simple: .    1. Before they serve you the main course, you get to enjoy a huge salad bar. .    2. Once you're done gorging on the salad bar, you flip your table card from red to green and you are served an endless variety of meats from waiters walking the floor.. . Every time I go to Texas de Brazil, they consistently have their meats cooked perfectly. I try not to over eat on the salad bar that serves a wide variety of items from Sushi, smoked salmon to your traditional salad items. The last thing I want to do is fill up on veggies and miss out on all the meaty selections. My favorites: filet mignon, flank steak, sirloin and lamb (might as well get my money's worth on the expensive cuts of meat). . . And of course, they have an excellent variety of desserts. . . ProTip: Sign up for the newsletter and you receive buy one, get one free on your birthday.
I love Texas de Brazil! Make sure not to eat all day! The waiters come around with every cut of beef, chicken, pork, turkey but especially beef continuously ! It is all you can eat and at about $50.00 is well worth it. There is also a huge all you can eat salad bar! I highly recommend it!
I have eaten at several TdB's and the service and food is always amazing and the the one in LV definitely surpassed my expectations. Although we did have reservations, they over shot our reservations by 20-25 minutes. Order the pitcher of Sangria nad set back and enjoy!!
If you like meat this is the place for you. I remember this place from my trips to Aruba. This place has great food, service, and ambiance. Meats are cooked to your satisfaction and the cheese balls are to die for. The salad bar is great as well.. . Haven't eaten in this place since my last trip to Aruba. I'm glad they decided to open in Vegas.. . I will be back very soon!
I wish they had Texas de Brazil in Los Angeles! This is so far one of my favorite Brazilian AYCE restaurants! . + Service: Phenomenal!. + Meat: Perfectly cooked!. + Salad Bar: It has a variety of salads and sides and you can get full just by eating from the salad bar. . + Dessert: They have THE BEST papaya cream ever!!!. + Price: It is not cheap; however it is worth it. I'd rather pay a little more and eat food with good quality than pay less and leave the restaurant unsatisfied.
I'm in love with this place... It has wonderful food and great ambience. The salad bar is seasonal and each time I go there's something new to try and it's always delicious. Only down side is the space, it's hard to maneuver with all the tables and chairs however everything else does balance that out.  Pricey but well worth it for the all you can eat excellent cuts of meat.  Everyone needs to try this place at least once.
Awesome. Only word to describe. Expensive? Yes. Worth it? Totally. But dlnt bring your girlfriend unless she happens to be a wrestler or a weightlifter because you will not get your moneys worth!
Awesome come hungry leave fat :)
I'll keep it short and simple. This place was pretty darn delicious. I can't afford to eat here every week otherwise I would. The garlic ribeye was my favorite meat that came around. All of them were pretty delicious though. All the meats came around constantly so I had no problems getting my favorite cuts again. Sometimes I wouldn't pay attention and when I looked down my plate was piled up like a mountain. Service was great too. They tried to up sell me on drinks at the start but I stuck to my guns and just ordered water. (I'm cheap)
Best advice to give you before you come eat here? Come HUNGRY. . . This all you can eat Brazilian Steakhouse is an amazing treat. It isn't cheap either, so make sure you have an empty stomach so you can be able to happily indulge in all the food they have to offer you.. . Before all the fun begins you can spend a little time at their salad bar complete with over 50 items. It is probably one of the best salad bars in town. . . Then the fun begins when all the servers come out with various meats - chicken, lamb, pork, sausage...you name it. All cooked to perfection. It is a meat lover's dream to eat here. You are given unlimited servings as long as your little card they give you in the beginning is turned over to the green side. . . They also have a great selection of desserts available a la carte. Everyone should definitely try this place out, it is well worth it!
Texas de Brazil. There seems to be no shortage of restaurants, and this is never more evident than when you are in Las Vegas. With thousands of restaurants on Las Vegas Boulevard, it can be difficult to find the few great ones.  Many things make up a great restaurant, but let's focus on variety of food, atmosphere, and location. In Las Vegas I feel that one restaurant distinguishes itself in all of these areas, Texas de Brazil. . Texas De Brazil is a Brazilian style steakhouse. The last thing I expected to see in a steakhouse is a salad bar with over 50 items, but it is so enticing that you will contemplate spending your whole evening there. As Chris U. from Henderson says, "The salad bar is huge and full of unique and delicious things.  Everything from Salmon chunks, huge variety of vegetables, bacon, soups, cheeses...and that only about 1/2 of it.  Very unique and good salad bar - I know people who go here just for it."1 The best part is you can, if you want, go just to try the amazing Lobster Bisque (it is one of my personal favorite salad bar items); however, why on earth would you? Passadores continually roam the restaurant carrying various types of meat on skewers.  Turn your card to green and you will be visited by Passadores delivering bacon wrapped filet mignon, lamb chops, pork loin roast, chicken, and the list continues.  They serve over 14 types of meats, and will keep coming around to your table for your enjoyment and dining pleasure.  It is all but irresistible. Be sure to try the bacon wrapped filet, a very tender cut served with a warm red center and a strip of crispy bacon on the outside; it melts in your mouth.  I have always found the meat to be tender, juicy and perfectly seasoned.. The number one complaint I have about Vegas restaurants is feeling like cattle being herded though the feeding barn.  Often the waiter rushes over to give you your check, and then checks back with you every three minutes to see if you are ready to pay so they can get a new table. Even worse is when you seem to be forgotten, and you have to wonder if your server is still in the building. I have never felt more at home than when I dine at Texas de Brazil. The staff greets you with a smile and a sense of glee when they get to explain how the Brazilian style steakhouse system works. They are attentive without being pushy; they anticipate what you may need before you ask for it. I can sit and catch up with old friends for hours and never feel like I am being an inconvenience. Individual service combined with the "come-as-you-are" atmosphere make for a great dinner. You can be in shorts after a long walk down the strip or dressed to the nines before a show, no matter what you will be treated with the same individualized care. Nikki Neu from Vegas.com says it best, "Relax. You're in good hands. The Texas de Brazil experience is meant to be a fun one!"2. All this fun and cheer is great, but if you can't get to the restaurant it is worthless. I know great places to eat on the strip, but after thinking about having to drive down the strip to get there, then park on the 6th floor, make my way through the smoke filled casino to finally wait 20 minutes for a table, that's exhausting. So now you are dreading part of the evening even though you haven't left the house. With Texas de Brazil being centrally located in Town Square, it is easy to get there from anywhere. A stand-alone building with its own parking lot on Las Vegas Boulevard is rare, so it is worth taking advantage of. . Some places have great food with poor service; some have great locations with less than stellar food. In a city full of places to eat and experiences to be had, don't overlook the all-inclusive, the grand, the fun, the best, Texas de Brazil.
I'm in Vegas and I want to pig out on meat till I burst. The place to go is Texas de brazil! With a vast selection of meats brought to your table by the Gauchos, I am in meat heaven! The selection of meats is so mind blowing. The slow cooked meats are mouth watering and keep you wanting more. It's a good thing because they keep giving you more till you can't no more! A fun place with beautiful decor and great service. A must go if you are in Vegas
I've been to a number of Brazilian steak houses throughout the US and this is one of my favorites.  The food is consistently good although we've had the occasional rude server.. . If dining at night, I suggest you make a reservation.
I would skip breakfast and lunch before coming here...and wear loose clothing.. With green/red colored discs you have the power to command gauchos with swords of meat to circle your table as they tempt you with different meats...from sausage, to pork, to chicken, to filet oh my! You can also request meats to your specific temperature liking. . You come to eat MEAT but the salad bar is irresistible with items such as lobster bisque, asparagus, prosciutto, and the big wheel of imported parmesan cheese that makes you feel like a mouse that's died and gone to cheese heaven...the salad bar is a cruel distraction to the main meat event but worth at least one trip. I make sure to have enough chimichurri for my meat so I don't make multiple trips. This is an insane meatfest but the warm Brazilian cheese bread served at your table is too wonderful to resist...light and chewy balls that I could easily pop all night. Let's face it, you leave your diet and calorie counter at the door when you eat here. The bananas are also a nice treat. Service is always fantastic and be sure to mention if celebrating a special occasion and they will bring out a dessert for the birthday person. Had a papaya something that was very good and different from anything I've had before. Turn your disc over to red once you've had your fill and the gauchos leave you alone.. A wonderful dining experience.
Best all you can eat steakhouse! Our server the night we went (Max) was so attentive and sweet. Can't wait to go back when I visit Vegas again. Definitely recommending to all friends and family.
This place is amazing. It's not only set up in a really creative and cool way, but the food is delicious and the people that work there are nice. I went there a few weeks ago with my roomates and it was just a great experience and i've been recommending it ever since. Can't wait to go back!
Incredible meat! Definitely go hungry. The various cuts of beef had an excellent, flavorful crust that was delicious. The bacon-wrapped chicken was great--tender chicken and perfectly cooked bacon. The au gratin potatoes and cheese rolls were also delish. Will definitely be going back!
Best salad bar in the Valley, best meat in the business. . . Worth it, no complaints. . . Take a girl, they will be impressed. Right? . . Last thought, the bathroom door will confuse you. The stall door inside the bathroom will impress you and when you use the bathroom the next day, it will depress you. . . Lemme make sure that you understand, the food is awesome, I just ate so much meat that my digestive system had a hard time processing it.....too much info? No, you have to be honest about all aspects of these reviews. . . Nice Chaps.
Hands down, best Brazilian steakhouse. LOVE this place.
We went to Texas de Brazil for Friday night dinner during our recent visit to Las Vegas and it was an awesome experience! The salad bar- if you can call it that- it's really more of a buffet- was stocked with exceptional cheeses, soups, veggies, sushi, etc. I could have eaten a full meal just from the salad bar- but then comes the meat! We ate far more than we should have- but everything was awesome! We enjoyed roasted lamb, filet mignon, sirloin steak, chicken (wrapped in bacon!), flank steak, ribs, etc. The side items were also very good! Service was impeccable as was the appearance of the restaurant. A great experience- but come very hungry!
The most wonderful/beautiful delicious etc...I make sure to go there on each of my Las Vegas visits.... YUM!
Yes, that's right, 5 stars.  As good as it gets, worth every penney, good thing i don't live there because i'd go every week.  Never been bombarded with so many meat choices in my life.  Every 30 second you'll have servers coming around with Meats on a scewer fresh off the grill.  Everything is so tender and fresh you'll over eat for sure.  The salad bar offers a lot of incredible unique flavors, even the bread wich i never usually eat because of my GF family, but it was so tasty, the deserts were great too.  Di i mention the meat?  OMG mouth watering filets, ribs, sausages, rack of lamb, prime rib, steak flanks, etc, etc...  I suggest sampling first with small pieces and sharing, find out what you really like.   You'll need some red wine!. --RibChamp
If I could give more than 5 stars I would.  Texas de Brazil serves heaven on a plate!  If you haven't been to a Brazilian Steakhouse, it's a never ending delivery of meat on swords.   We have been to other Brazilian Steakhouses such as Samba at the Mirage.  But they do not compare to this one at Town Square.. . Now I try to be a healthier eater with little bits of 'treats' mixed in.  They have a great salad bar that also comes with the meats.  On the salad bar, I found everything to be delicious and delectable.  There, of course, is green salads. What is a salad bar without actually having salads.  BUT WAIT!  You could possibly eat on the salad bar alone with the smoked salmon, spicy shrimp salad, variety of cheeses, cous cous, mushrooms, grilled peppers, LOBSTER BISQUE and more.  Now I put Lobster Bisque in all caps because it made so creamy and full of flavor! I couldn't get enough!. . My husband completely skipped the salad bar and had all meats.  (Midwest Boy!).  They brought Chicken sprinkled with parmesan,lamb,  filet, filet wrapped in bacon, pork ribs, beef ribs, flank steak, sirloin steak and much more than I just can't remember.  All I know is that it was so good!  The beef ribs especially were my favorite.  The meat was so tender and it melted like butter in your mouth.  . . If that wasn't enough food for you, they also bring rolls and a side of mashed potatoes for the table.  They also offer some really yummy looking desserts but who has room after all of that food?!  . . If this review doesn't make you hungry for it, then my review has failed. Just writing about it makes me want to go back again.  If you are in the mood for alot of great food, this should be the place on top of your list! Will I be back again?  You better believe it!
Oh my god the food is extremely good, the salad bar is one of the healthiest salad and greens u ever going to have in buffet, even though  its a $$ place, still  they charge you the soft drink......... which Is odd,
Wonderful steaks with salad bar thats fresh ;) theres so much to choose from.
Awesome experience!  Went there to celebrate a birthday and I couldn't have picked a better place.  Food was great, service was even better.  Pedro came by often and took care of our every need.  Somewhat pricey but no more that what you'd pay at a better steakhouse.  But at TdB you can eat as much as you want and can have a variety of meats.  Can't beat it.
Its a different experience with good food. Bring your appetite cause the food never stops. I will definitely be going back again!
Definitely something to experience for sure...  It's is about $50/pp for dinner, but they have everything you could think of.  It is Brazilian style, so there are guys that come around with every kind of meat you can think of on a stick and carves it at your table.  It is kind of like an upscale buffet of sorts.  Everything from bacon wrapped filet, bacon wrapped chicken, garlic flank steak, parm chicken, Brazilian sausage, beef and pork ribs, leg of lamb, lamb chops...  You name it. At the end of our meal, our serve asked if we wanted anything special that they did not bring around.   You are definitely on meat overload by the time you leave.  You definitely don't want to plan anything afterwards because you will be full.  The service is amazing.  The have a fancy salad bar that was rockin'..  Super cool, but once a year will be great for me!  I would definitely encourage you to try it.... If you are going to try it, MAKE RESERVATIONS!!
I will start with the wonderful smells outside the restaurant. The wonderful aromas will make your mouth water. Everything I tried was Simply delicious. Filet mignon was perfect and that is coming from a non- meat lover. Took my husband here for birthday dinner. He love it. He is definitely a meat lover. Everything was cooked to perfection (tender melt in your mouth perfection). Definitely will return.
What can I say. Absolutely fantastic Brazillian steakhouse. The food is perfect every time and you will never run out. Definitely ask for anything in particular you want, they'll bring it quick!
Recently dined at the much talked about Texas de Brazil and I must say I am impressed. The place itself is nicely decorated and not to mention they have a kick ass salad bar, dude the salad bar had lobster soup, salmon, goat cheese and other cheeses I've never had before. Keep in mind this is a steakhouse. OMG and their desserts are to die for, we had the cheesecake and vanilla creme brulee mmmm mmmm mmmm  yummy! Now let's talk about why people really come here. The food was amazing! I can't get over how tasty the cuts of meat were. All the meat were so tender and juicy, yeah you might get a piece of meat that is a bit salty but trust me it wasn't bad at all. Service overall was great very attentive and always anticipating our needs. It's a different experience with great food. So bring your appetite cause the food never stops. I will definitely be going back again!
We had a wonderful evening. Made reservations and arrived early by almost 30 minutes and they gave us a choice if we wanted to wait at the bar or if we wanted to be seated immediately.  We chose the later, with people in the lobby already waiting. Boy did I feel special.. We decided to order a pitcher of sangria for the two of us.  Then we proceeded to the salad bar and filled our plates.  Tonights soup was lobster bisque, and was it ever so wonderful. I also filled my plate with cheeses, several vegetables not wanting to fill myself to much before I decided to start with the meats.. Then the meats started piling up on my plate.  The garlic sirloin and the pork roast stood out the most for me.  But they also had bacon wrapped chicken,  beef ribs (don't laugh they where amazing), pork ribs (which where tough), filet, leg of lamb, lamb chops, and probably a couple that I just don't remember.. We had a great time and the service is wonderful.  It is not someplace that most of us would go very often but when Im in Vegas and need a treat I will be back.  Bethany Thank you for your review. It made us change our mind.
Craving for meat? This is the place to be. Actually before even the meats get served I'm already full. Their salad bar got so much selections u will go crazy! The lobster bisque soup is to die for. The cheese bread is oh so yummy. The servers are good and they know what they're doing. They give u some sweet plantain bananas. Ask for condensed milk with it. It's so much better. It is always packed and the wait is long so make sure to make a reservation especially on Fridays and Saturdays. It's worth every penny. And the desserts are good so make sure to leave some space for that!
All the meat they brought to the table was supurb.  From lamb to beef and bacon wrapped chicken...all luscious.. . Staff was quite attentive even though a sea of tables were filled...very busy.. . Typical decor and atmosphere of a stylish restaurant.. . Great combo of sit-down and buffet service.. . Nothing I can say to knock this place.. . P.S. Even the gal who answered the phone during dinner hour was polite and attentive.
I have been to restaurants similar to this in the past, but was never a fan. This restaurant was different and I would definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas. The food, service and ambience was outstanding. The salad bar was incredible with all kinds of interesting and different items. All the wonderful and never ending meats brought out were outstanding!  Lamb chops, chicken, garlic sirloin, leg of lamb, beef ribs and more!  If you save room for desert you won't be disappointed either. Unfortunately, I couldn't eat another thing, but everyone else's deserts tasted as good as they looked I was told.   Great dinner and time was had by all.  If you are looking for a lot of great food and a different dining experience definitely try Texas de Brazil even if you have been to other restaurants like this and didn't particularly care for.
"Unbelievable. Don't fill up on salad bar stuff, even though it's amazingly good. Save room for the meats, the filet mignon is the best we've ever had and the bacon on the buffet is incredible. This place is pricey, not a day to day place, but for a special meal it's PERFECT, a real DINING EXPERIENCE"...  We LOVED it and will make it a regular place whenever we go to Vegas.
The salad bar is absolutely amazing.  For a light lunch, it's 20 dollars, and worth every penny!
If i had to choose my last meal I think Texas de Brazil would be where i would chose to dine. The food here is amazing and the customer service is also great. I came here to celebrate my birthday and it was fantastic.
While in Vegas, my boyfriend and I wanted to eat somewhere pricey because it's all about the wonderful food there! We decided last minute to go to Texas de Brazil and let me say it was worth every penny!!!! Compared to the rodizio here in Seattle, this one blows it out of the water. They had so many different types of meat and their little salad bar is huge! I always have a caipirinha and here it was on point! Next time we visit Las Vegas, we will probably make a trip here again.
This place is amazing! I came here with my boyfriend and a couple other friends and it was really fun. The whole atmosphere and experience is fun and different. All the meat was great and it was fun to see what would be brought by next. The service was really good and we had a great time.
If you like meat, this is the restaurant to go to. This Brazilian style meat buffet is as good as it gets. With great decor and and upscale, yet casual ambiance, this restaurant hits the mark in so many ways. To start, their salad bar teases your palate with so many different flavors. These are not just veggies thrown out there. This salad spread is meant to compliment the meats you are about to partake. Once your salad is on plate and you are back at your table, you are immediately swarmed by waiters carrying meat on skewers. You simply need to say yes to sample each meat. Everything from beef ribs, to sirloin and tenderloin made to perfection. They also have a variety of lamb and chicken servings. But make sure you save room for dessert. You will not be disappointed with their selection of flan, cheesecake, carrot cake, key lime pie, and my personal favorite, Bananas Foster. Order it with a banana creme liquer on the side to drizzle over it...oh so good!. . Our waiter, Joshua was on top of everything as was very patient, especially when assisting us with selecting a nice bottle of wine. We spent over 3 decadent hours enjoying our food and drink. . . Well done, Texas de Brazil. Well done.
This place is huge! I was skeptical at first but the experience was awesome! The huge salad bar was just so nice and fresh. The cucumbers, roasted peppers, thin slices of ham and salami were killer! Than we get to our table and the ice teas we ordered were perfectly made. Came to our table in a fancy bottle and the server pours it into a fancy glass for you. The meats were good, very juicy. We were a big fan of the filet migion, parmesian chicken, thin special steak slices and the best part were their fried bananas! Oh its like no other!!!! I'd pay to come and eat the fried bananas alone! Then our dessert, my boyfriend got the brazilian cheesecake and i got the chocolate mousse cream layered cake. I feel his was too sweet but he loved it. Mines was delicious! Devin was our server and he was definately on point. A manager even stopped by to check on us. Decor is dim and casual romantic. Everyone dresses so nicely! Great food great service. Thanks Texas DE Brazil!!!!! Will be back for sure! =D
First times to this venue. Loved every bit of it. Hubby is a huge carnivore, so he was a seriously happy diner. I loved all the selection. You will make multiple visits to this restaurant before you can try everything. My favorite was the filet. Hubby's was the sirloin. Deserts were fab! I can't wait till the offer the VIP card. This is a place we will certainly go again and again!
I've always been a fan of this palce. I just found out about the back dining room. Much quieter and intimate. I will request that next time. I just tried the Sangria, AMAZING.
Great experience. We made a last-minute reservation, Which was easily accommodated with no problem. When we arrived, We were quickly sat and ordered our drinks.This place is a carnivorous dream!! . . Once you're sat, the servers explain how everything works. Everyone at the table gets a double sided coin, one side green and the other red. As long as the green side is facing up, the endless parade of steaks, sausage, roasts and ribs will keep coming! Our server was very nice and asked what our favorites were, so they would be presented first.. . They also have a huge unlimited buffet that includes charcuterie, various cheeses, beans, dressings, sushi, about every type of bread, lobster bisque (which was amazing) and many hot sides. . . Even though we arrived closed to their closing time we were not rushed out. I even got a complementary dessert!. . Total win! We will be back!
A friend suggested trying Texas de Brazil instead of Fogo de Chao.  Same type of food.  Steak, steak and did I mention steak?  Awesome flavor.  Wasn't too impressed with the bacon wrapped chicken but all the steak choices were good.  The beef ribs were tender.  The house special was full of flavor.  I would recommend going here.
I definitely am never disappointed here! . They allow you to take from the salad bar which is full of amazing food, cheeses, meats, and the lobster bisque is definitely a favorite.. They come around with different kinds of meat and you can say no, don't be afraid! My favorite cuts are the sirloin, leg of  lamb, lamb chops, and flank steak. . . Everyone should go there at least once a year!
Man oh man, where do I begin? Let me start with their salad bar considering that that's where your meal will begin. Never have I encountered such a delectable salad bar! I mean how many salad bars boast lobster bisque soup, grilled provolone cheese, mozzarella balls, grilled eggplant, sushi, sauteed mushrooms, hearts of palm, spicy salamis, and Greek olives? Seriously, the next time I go back, I could just make a meal off of the salad bar!. . After completing your salad bar tour, you'll be bombarded with fresh cuts of roasted meat: leg of lamb, bacon-wrapped filet mignon, bacon-wrapped chicken breast, ribeye, sirloin, and money others along with sides items like fried bananas and Brazilian cheese bread. . . I ended with their carrot cake. It's a big slice so be prepared to share! I'm not a huge fan of Vegas but I am a hug fan of Texas de Brazil!
Pure carnage! Meat, meat and more delicious juicy meat.. Not to mention the ambience is uber modern and chic.. We love having our family dinners here to get our red meat fix -- preferably over your run of the mill steakhouses.. 1.) you get a huge variety of cuts and succulent meats - cooked to perfection, 2.) the salads are traditionally top quality dishes native to Latin America and anti pastas, cheeses and soups alone are worth the visit, 3.) the sides dishes included with every table compliment the salads and meat beautifully.  It is a little pricey at about $40 a person, but worth every penny -- our servers have always been outstanding and made our experiences even more worthwhile..
Amazing amazing meal.  I've dined in some of the highest rated restaurants in California and this meal is one of my favorites ever!  Every bite was superb from the sides to the grilled meats.  My favorite was the beefribs,  melted in my mouth.    Super yum!!  Claudio our server was wonderful and attentive.  Can't wait to  visit Vegas again to dine at Texas de Brazil!
Unbelievable! This place was amazing! I went last night for the first time. Cheryl, our server, was top notch. The Gauchos were all so handsome! But the food - I have no idea how to even describe it! They have the most amazing salad bar I've ever seen! The soup - lobster bisque (which made me think of the yadda yadda episode of Seinfeld) was amazing! And the meat! Seriously a carnivore's dream come true! More than once, I asked for medium rare rather than the medium I was being offered, and before I could even finish the meat I already had on my plate, the medium rare of the next cut was at my table! I think my favorite was the bacon wrapped filet mignon, but everything I tasted was simply amazing! I signed up to be on the email list because no doubt in my mind, I'll be back! Again and again!
Good: All meats, all food, salad bar, service, and taste! Best meats you will ever eat.  All the meats are flavored and seasoned to perfection!  The cheese bread is to die for and all the items in the salad bar are amazing.  . . Bad: price is $50 bucks per person, but worth it.  There's always about a 20 minute wait and sometimes the salad bar can get crowded.  . . Recommend taking a short drive away from the strip and check this place out.  It's a great place to take a date, but make sure you both bring your appetite.
You will end up eating more red meat in one night than you should consume in a month, but it is good. There are so many cuts of meat to try. Everything is excellent. It is not dry aged grass fed beef, but it is very good. The salad bar is a meal by itself. I would recommend you try it at least once, but not too much. Red meat bad for you! Tastes good though!
Went here for lunch with my wife and I gotta say, the food was fantastic, the service was great, everyone there was super friendly and the guys coming around with the meat after one trip remembered my preference for med-rare and my wife for med. There were a few times he offered me the medium or give him a minute he had some med-rare on the grill. Usually when this happens it's 5-10 mins before I see anyone again. These guys were back almost immediately, very impressive. . . I'm not a salad eater but all the other choices they had were fantastic. The prosciutto, cheeses and other sides available were awesome, it took some self-control not to just fill up on all that. This was our first time to a Brazilian steakhouse and our waiter did a great job of explaining how it all worked.
Took My hubbie to this place for his bday and I must say it is the bom. I can't find nothing wrong with this place. The service was great and alot of different ppl come to your table. We did feel alittle overwhelmed at some point when we had our green light going but its our own fault because we are greedy. All the sides were good. and the meats. I love the Brazilian sausage the most. BOM!! Its a must go. Its a bit expensive but its well worth it.
Great for group dining!  Hosted a wedding reception here.  The food was amazing!
Meat!  Meat and more meat!. . Oh, and a great salad bar.  Texas de Brazil is one of my top places to go eat in Vegas.  Service is always excellent.  Even though it is on the expensive side for me, the value is outstanding.   All their meats are excellent.  I especially love the filet mignon wrapped in bacon and the house sirloin.  Be prepared to get really full.  Great atmosphere.  Love it!
Went here the other night for my friends 30th birthday and was nothing short of amazed. If you are a meat fanatic and have a healthy appetite this is defiantly a place for you. The salad bar is overwhelming and they are constantly making sure that everything is fresh. As for dinner, I can't express how delicious and perfectly cooked all the meats are. Do yourself a favor and get the garlic sirloin! If you can make it to dessert you won't be disappointed. All in all Texas de Brazil is a wonderful restaurant with excellent food and service
Had the pleasure of dinner here the other night.  Adam was our server and he was the best.  From explaining how it works for the three newcomers, to keeping the plates rotating, and a fun banter with each of us.  Prefer your lamp chops on the rarer side, just let him know and he'll make it happen. . The sixty item plus salad bar is something to see.  Hearts of palms, fantastic smoked salmon, a wonderful onion and cilantro salsa, it's all fab.  Don't miss the lobster bisque and the best bacon bits every in a restaurant.. . Now, to discuss the meats....parmasian chicken, bacon wrapped pork, bacon wrapped filet, their special sirloin, lamb chops, rack of lamb, beef ribs, pork ribs, flank steak - bring it all on!. . If you can stand a heavy lunch, the price is better and basically the same service as dinner. . . Love meat?  This is the place.
This review is a year late. We originally ate here summer of 2012 and had such a great experience. We recently went back to Las Vegas and unfortunately purchased a groupon for a different Brazilian Steakhouse. I wish we had returned to Texas de Brazil! Their side dishes are so fresh and tasty, and there is a huge variety. We really enjoyed the roasted meat, the cheese rolls, and of course the bananas! The service here was great, and I tell everyone I know that plans to visit Vegas to eat here. We will certainly return here again!
Had the most amazing dinner here! Food was outstanding, service was phenomenal, and the wine was yummy too! Pricey, but worth every penny. Had reservations for a large party and theyaccommodated us with our own room.  The servers were prompt with bringing the meat around. Bacon wrapped chicken was to die for! Can't wait to go back!
I love Brazilian steakhouses and this is the best I've been to. I preferred it to Fogo. Free meal for your birthday and it's a clear winner. Great service and great food. Picanha and lamb are my favorites. I'll be back.
I posted pictures months ago I guess I forgot the review. So here it goes the food is awesome meats are cooked to perfection and they do to stop the salad bar has so much it's crazy I joined their club thingy and I'm always getting coupons and u get one for your birthday month make reservations you won't be disappointed
The best Brazilian Steakhouse I've been to! . . Pros:. Meats were fresh. "Salad" bar had great selections and yummy cheeses. Drinks were good and strong. Desserts were delicious. Our server was awesome. . Cons:. Off the strip (however, it's in a huge shopping center with lots of stores -- after we ate, we walked around and did some shopping to walk off the weight). . Note:. Price was $49 per person + tax - All you can eat!
I've been tothe location in Aruba and was really excited when I realized they had a Texas De Brazil in Vegas! . . I was here at the peak of summer and after a day of basking in the sun, a nice meal with great company was just the way to end a 100+ degree day. . . Lets start with the salad bar, its spectacular! The quality of food is excellent and the number of options they offer is amazing. From the smoked salmon, asparagus, caprese salad, and the AMAZING cheesy bread balls they offer at the table, I almost have no room for the amazing meats they offer! . . Now onto the meats, I can't come here and NOT get the full experience of brazilian barbecue. I can honestly say that I enjoyed every meat I tried here. The people were friendly and as long as your card was green, there was always someone offering you something whether it be bacon wrapped chicken, filet mignon, flank steak, etc.. . This definitely isn't a place I would visit regularly since I would probably weigh 100000 pounds if I did, but this place is definitely worth the experience and the price.. . PS. The martini choices: YUMMY.
Great meal for the price. Meats were all tender and salad/sides bar and lobster bisque were good also.
Come hungry and ready to spend about after food and drinks $250 for 2. It's worth the money. Beautify place to eat and the small bar is cool with a few friends.
Aaaaaaamazing. . We made reservations for a 1pm lunch, walked in the door and our table was ready within 1 minute while others waited.. sat down and were immediately waited on by Grazzy. . Buffet was bad ass with Manchego, shrimp and even stuff like "spicy cauliflower" which i had never seen.. Each person was given a "stopper" rather than the whole table and the meats were phenomenal. . service was exceptional and tea was routinely filled. . I rarely leave a restaurant wowed, but this was the case.. A bit pricey at $34.99, but worth it with the quality of food and service.
All I have to say is AMAZING!!! Was visiting some friends in Vegas and they took us here. They had a  Great selection at the salad bar. Great side dishes love the mashed potatoes and the cheesy bread OMG so good!!!! Love Love Love this place cant wait to come back! The meat selection was awesome and the service was even better. Everyone was so friendly and helpful! Drinks were made perfectly! We were way to stuffed to try any dessert but I bet they are just as good as everything else in this place!
Awesome place. Best meat you will ever find. Try the Top Sirloin House Sepcial. Only downside: it is really noisy and crowded most of the time. Not really a place for a romantic dinner. But if you want a good meat fix with friends: go for it!
Best filet mignon, lamb chops and the mix drinks are also great. Best Brazilian steak house. Can't wait to return!!!
GOSH! This place was amazing! . It was my first time there with my family and i couldnt believe how good it was! . A little on the pricey side but so worth it to treat yourself once in a while! . The place was nice and clean! Service was good! . Everything was just PERFECT!
The food is phenomenal and worth every expensive penny.
First time ever going to a restaurant that served food like this. I felt a little awkward at first not knowing exactly how things worked. My server was Peter who was an amazing server that kept checking up on us an went out of his way to ensure that the people serving food would have the meat well done for my beautiful gf. That was the brownie points on service, felt like we were being well taken care of. The food was amazing but the chickens were so-so but everything else was delicious. Thanks to the waiter will be returning!. P.s. Love the deserts!
All the steak, chicken, ribs, and lamb you can eat. Need I say more?. . This place is my F A V O R I T E restaurant of all time because it delivers very well on the key components of an amazing feast. First, the ambiance is incredibly classy and vibrant, which makes you WANT to eat at this restaurant.. . Second, their service is superb! From the moment you walk in everyone is super friendly and accommodating. Once you sit at your table, the entire staff makes sure there is always a parade of perfectly grilled meats constantly showing up at your table. . Last, but not least, their desserts are amazing! Anything from their excellent Creme Brulee to their Papaya Cream will make a great ending to a perfect meal. Oh and do not forget to sign up for their eClub...you get a FREE dinner for your birthday and anniversary.
I had an absolute blast eating here! How can someone not enjoy eating tons of meat freshly carved right in front of you? And the best part is that you get to stay in your seat!. . The server tells you how it's done when you eat here. Pretty much, you're given this card and when it is flipped to the green side, it let's the people know you want food. When it's flipped to the red side, it means they're not gonna come by anymore. You can go up to the salad bar area and get a variety of different dishes from quinoa, smoked salmon, peppers, the soup of the day, there is just so many things to get! I personally rather get full off of the meat, but that's just me. . . You are given these dishes that everyone gets I guess. I remember from both times I went, we were given these fried bananas, (which was super delicious by the way!), and the time I went, we were given mashed potatoes and cheesy bread. I personally just are the bananas because once you take a bite, you will surely understand why I didn't eat very much of the bread or mashed potatoes.. . They have so much meat roaming around like flank steak, pork & beef ribs, fillet mignon, chicken, pork... There's just too many. Try everything at least once and enjoy yourself! If you like something in particular, you can ask your server for the guy with a particular meat to come by. . . Our server I think was named Richard and he was a pretty cool guy. He refilled our waters and he provided us with bananas whenever we asked. . . Overall, the dining experience here is amazing. I highly recommend coming here if it is within your budget. Of course it's pricy, but I had a ton of fun eating here. With good service and even better food, this is the place to let loose!. . And reservations are recommended!
Gauchos with awesome pants and loads of meat!!!! Need I say more? . . Texas De Brazil is beyond great! It's fantasmic ( if that was a word)! The steak is to die for,especially the bacon wrapped filet and garlic sirloin. This steak house has endless choices. You can get anything from Parmesan Crusted Chicken to every steak out there. Did I mention the ribs, pork and prime Rib is amazing!!!?? The cooking methods produce juicy and succulent flavors. . . Now even though the meat is the star the Salad bar is ridiculous and beyond compare. The Gorgonzola grape salad is "omg" good. Smoked Salmon and Lobster bisque soup are always invited to the herbage party a the salad bar as well as hearts of Palm, tabouli salad and fresh mozzarella and tomatoes. My favorite is the fresh cheese and asparagus with raspberry sauce! . . Needless to say I'm in love with the menu all the way down to dessert! But the real kicker is how nice the staff is and how attentive the waiters are.. I got a fresh plate exactly when needed, refills right in time and endless cheesy bread balls! ( have no clue about the technical name for the bread) I will go here any chance I get. It's clean and has great food and friendly faces! I love this place!!
Wow. Great food, and Great service.. . I took my team out for a celebratory dinner, they chose Texas de Brazil. Everything started with Adam, our server, he knew everything about this restaurant, everything in it, the menu, the ingredients, and probably my mother's maiden name. . . Never have I experienced such an amazing array of well seasoned, and diverse meat. Not a huge meat fan? No problem, a huge salad bar comprised of many different options (that did not grow up on a farm) awaits. . . Can't wait to go back!
My second visit to one of their locations while on a business trip. Again very impressed by the customer service and the variety of offerings. Everything was top notch and the server made sure we had everything we could possibly want.. . Besides, what's better than meat being brought to you by the Churrascarias? That's just fun, right?. . My wife was enjoying her first ever visit. The salad bar alone had her impressed. She's not a huge red meat fan, but found plenty of great offerings from the Churrascarias to keep her very satisfied and full.. . Overall a great place to dine, if your wallet allows you to. ;-)
Oh My God!!! where has this place been all of my life.  This place is protein central.  Everything from Lamb Chops, Beef & Pork Ribs, Garlic Chicken, Pork Tenderloin, and all of the many types of beef you can ask for.  By now, after reading all other reviews, you know how they work.  Various runners come around and ask you if you want the select cut of meat they have with them.  Awesome!!!. . I have been here twice now and both times I had more than my fair share of their offerings.  The first time I made a rookie mistake and hit the salad bar.  But, made up for it the second time.  Although, the reason for coming here is the variety of tasty dead animal flesh, there is another reason for coming.  Lobster Bisque.  So good!!!  I had 2 bowls both times that I have been.  I'm more than positive we will be back.
I don't believe I forgot to write a review for this place last year!. Although it's been awhile, I'll say if you get a chance-definitely go and give it a try!. They have a huge salad bar, large selection of meats and fantastic sangrias.. They meats are bbq'd on metal skewers then brought to your table.  As I recall, it's mostly 2-3 inch pieces and they slide it onto your plate.  . I can't say anything about dessert.  We had some but it wasn't as memorable as the meal itself.  :) . Service was great.
great selection, the servers are super nice, if you're looking for a specific cut of meat you can ask them to bring it over. . . my absolute favorite thing here is the chocolate mousse cake (i would drive to LV from Los Angeles JUST for the cake) and also the guarana soda is very yummy. just make sure you're hungry before you come because it's a bit on the pricey side and you don't wanna let that AYCE go to waste.
If you're reading this, odds are you live in Las Vegas.  And, if you live in Las Vegas, odds are you are accustomed to excess, which is a good thing if you're planning to eat at Texas de Brazil because it is just gloriously self-indulgent, and one of the most memorable dining experiences I've had in Las Vegas so far.. . First off, this is a Brazilian-style churrascaria, so it's all about the meat.  Skip the salad bar.  The offerings are delicious (which I would remember more succinctly had I not subsequently gone into meat comma) and that's kind of the problem.  I was halfway full once I started sampling the meats.  The expertly prepared chunks of dead animal are the stars of the show, so go straight for that.. . Off the top of my head, I sampled sirloin, filet mignon, chicken, pork, some kind of sausage, ribs, and delicious bits of vegan hipster, I'm pretty sure.  For the most part, everything was amazing, I only wasn't particularly impressed with the chicken.  My absolute favorite was the sirloin, which I prefer rare and was pleased to find it was cooked to perfection.  Slightly charred on the outside, fat still on the meat, and blood red on the inside. . . We accompanied our meal with a pitcher of sangria, which I found a little lacking in kick, and at $30 a pop, it needs to satisfy.  Still, the meat was so absolutely delicious that this was hardly a detriment to the experience.  The service was excellent. Very prompt and courteous.  You just flip a card, and a seemingly endless army of gauchos bombards you with all the delicious meat you can possibly handle.  Our waitress was also informative, extremely pleasant and did not rush us at all even when we got close to closing time.. . TdB is pricey, so best enjoyed for special occasions (unless you gorge on unicorn steak fortnightly) but it is worth every penny.  We will positively be back.  And I won't be going near anything even closely resembling a vegetable.
went to Texas de Brasil on Tuesday evening, had the best time. food is always amazing. Our server was Kristen, who was extremely friendly, pleasant and attentive, but was also very professional. the entire staff was great. but if you go, ask for Kristen, she is the best!!
Great food and beer. Don't fill up on the sumptious salad bar before the meat arrives. I always start with the sauteed mushrooms and lobster bisque. Primo!!!! Super friendly staff.
The wife and I came across this restaurant while in aruba. The following year they built this one in vegas. This is by far my favorite restaurant. I refuse to go to any other Brazilian steakhouse because of this one.
