I get a lot of flack for it from my family from St. Louis, but this is my favorite spot for BBQ. I particularly like the spicy sauce. The corn bread is also quite good. I've been there a few times for dinner and go with my brother for lunch about once a month and have never had bad service.. . The atmosphere and decor are great and you immediately smell the slow cooking meat as you enter the door. Highly recommended.
The most amazing bbq and restaurant in Phoenix. Do not let the neighborhood fool you! The atmosphere once inside is great and the workers are always on the ball and friendly. We eat lunch there once a week and sometimes on the weekend as well. The food is amazing and always fresh! I have to say that I have yet to eat something that I didn't like. . . Appetizers:Must have the Q-Rolls or the Spinach and Artichoke Dip. Sandwiches-Cant go wrong with the Brisket. Fully loaded baked potato is amazing!. Dinner-Filet Mignon or the Chicken Fried Chicken with mashed potatoes. Sides-MAC AND CHEESE PEOPLE! Corn or the Ranch Beans.. . I think I should work for this company as I am very passionate about what they serve and the customer service.. . IF you are looking for night life try the club that opens up after the restaurant closes. They provide bottle service and will even do balloons for the tables that you reserve. They have the most amazing street tacos that are served around midnight!. . I hope that someone is reading this review and heading there now! Don't forget to try the amazing mini-doughnuts that are made fresh and served to you complimentary.
oh my god....this place is heaven on earth. i could eat their ribs/brisket/cornbread/peach cobbler every day for the rest of my life and i would not be disappointed. as i'm writing this im salivating/foaming at the mouth thinking about sticky bbq sauce on my fingers and in my mouth. visual.. . three of us got here during dinner on a weekday, seated promptly. had sweet tea and a strawberry lemonade (tasted like fresh lemonade and was addicting with a sugar rim!). Cornbread was served - delicious, sweet, buttery.. . Next came a a 50/50 order of beef ribs/brisket with roasted corn and baked beans, a 50/50 of brisket/baby back ribs with walnut coleslaw and mac & cheese, and a pulled chicken sandwich. . . Long story short, orgasms ensued. The beef ribs I had, were fall off the bone tender, smoky, slathered in perfect amounts of sauce, and just so so so so damn juicy and cooked like they said they do it. The meat just fell off when I bit into it, and the bbq sauce was so sweet and perfect. I would dunk all the food I ever eat for the rest of my life in this sauce. Probably the best ribs I ever had. The brisket was delicious, fork tender, not dry at all (close to the best I've ever had). The beans were porky, smokey, and flavorful, and the roasted corn was so so deliciously roasted.. . Finished the night off with a peach cobbler, which was pretty much illegal. Ice cream melted into a deliciously cinnamon nutmeg concoction of sweetness and cobbler, the most perfect grandma-made style cobbler . I've ever had. Not too tart, not too sweet, just perfect. . . Best BBQ i ever had. LEGIT
Best BBQ I've had in AZ. I smoke meat every other month or so butlove to be treated. Most places smother meats in crappy bbq sauce but they were really light on it and I got to enjoy the meat. I had the brisket and pulled pork. I have to say the brisket was hands done great!! The beans weren't anything special personally. But the corn was good as was the mac and chz and dear god how could I forget!!?? The corn bread! I'm super picky on corn bread but it was awesome! No honey needed!. Def a cute set up as well. The little booths around the bar was great. And they have a dance floor at night on the weekends. Awesome place! Highly recommended!
Spotted this gem from the 17 FWY. Just visiting Phoenix for a weekend, I turned to my boyfriend and said, "We have to go there before we head back to LA." He was totally on board once I showed him the pics from Yelp. Banana Cake, Doughnuts, Meat. Yum!. . We didn't even know until the day of that we would get a 10% discount for mentioning Yelp! Bobby Q rocks!. . One Whole Hog Heaven and four refills of Arnold Palmer later, we were in Bobby Q Heaven. My God!!!. . Check out the pic I uploaded with caption --. "Feast your eyes on the Whole Hog Heaven". Yup. That's my boyfriend, the most perfect man for taking me here, and buying me the best BBQ I've ever had, ever. Period.. . Service was perfect. Adam was extremely attentive. Great personality. He even brought me a cole slaw sample because I was inquiring about it, but didn't end up ordering it! Needless to say, we were so impressed that we left a 50% tip. Seriously, Bobby Q and Adam are that good.. . Vibe is perfect. Decor is amazing. Indoor/Outdoor seating. Food is fantabulous. Service is impeccable. Oh, the best - when you pull into the parking lot, before you even get out of your car, you can smell the smokey meat goodness. All of their meat is smoked/cooked for 24 hours before hitting your mouth. That means that all the meat is fall off the bone perfection.. . And the extra bonus - the moistiest corn bread before your meal and the sweetest cinnamon sugar doughnuts after your meal. What more could you ask for?!. . I want a Bobby Q location in Los Angeles. In fact, why not put one in every city? This stuff definitely needs to be shared.
Went  again to Bobby Qs and once again found what I've found before: it's so good it's almost perfect.
If you've never been to bobby q you have got to go! One of the best meals I've ever had! Mashpotatoes to die for & try the q rolls beef brisket in a tauqito type breading with a chipotle dipping sauce?? Yes please!!
Solid food choices, great happy hour beer prices, and lots of room for large groups, Bobby Q's is one great place.  I had the 3 meat combo with baby backs, beef ribs, and brisket.  Ribs were tender and moist, and the brisket was fall-apart good.  My only complaint would be the sweetness of the BBQ sauce, but then they provide you with a spicy option at your table when the food comes out, so problem solved!. . Bonus, when you check in on Yelp you get a 10% discount off your bill.  And props to our server Emmy, who did a great job dealing with 6 wise-ass baseball fans and kept our whole meal running smoothly.  I will DEFINITELY be back to Bobby Q's on future visits and I highly recommend it!
First time at Bobby Qs! Four of us went for a birthday dinner last . We had the baby backs, sirloin steak and prime rib. Also baked potatoes, coleslaw and corn (buttery roasted corn shaved off the cob). And of course the corn bread and donuts. Everything was DELICIOUS! I was skeptical about getting the prime rib because at many places it can be really fatty and you end up not getting much meat. Not here! The waiter (Josh) assured me it was a lean cut of meat, and it was! Very tender and flavorful. The steaks were perfectly cooked and the ribs were tender with not too much sauce. (The ribs were not "mush" like other reviewers have said.) They also treated us to a piece of yummy banana cream pie as a birthday treat (the crust was thick and nutty) - tastefully presented with no annoying restaurant staff choir. It was very nice. . . All that being said, the outside of the building and the inside don't match. We used to go to Bobby McGees so I did sort of expect the old Bobby McGees atmosphere - with old bathtubs and mismatched furniture... it was a goofy, fun place back in the day. Now the interior is just nice. Not that that's bad. . . Oh, and we mentioned Yelp and got a 10% discount. :)
It's an All American BBQ joint... with an adjunct, weekend Latino dance club.... Yeop.. . What you MUST order:. . Appetizer: Q- Roll. Side: Mac n Cheese. Main Dish: Anything. . Alcoholic Beverage: Shipwrecked.... only need one for the WHOLE table. . Try to sit outside, really nice atmosphere.. . Fish Fry Fridays during Lent (comes with Two sides for $10.99)! And don't forget to tell the waiter about the Yelp 10% off Discount! AND you don't even need to order dessert because they give you FREE Cinnamon and Sugar Donut Holes!. . Unusual thing is that on Friday and Saturday nights there's another side of the bar that opens into a club. Does NOT affect the dining experience.  Our Cabbie told us it was SUPER GHETTO, we'd probably be mauled immediately upon entrance, and possibly beat up by thugs- not the case. Very safe.
Get the Q Rolls!. . Everything was excellent!!!
The atmosphere is unique, unlike other bar-b-que places I've been to. The patio is much like a garden patio at a home with brick walls and plants high enough to block the traffic / side street noises.  The indoors has a rustic, yet, elligant patio feel to it with the brick walls and rustic wood ceilings.  The furniture is again, more of a patio feel than a typical bar-b-que restaurant.  The noise level was not too loud that you couldn't hear people at your own table. . . The food was wonderful! Although my husband said their burger was too greasy, that was the only downfall.  My brother and I had the St. Louis ribs.  The way they caramelize the bar-b-que sauce on the ribs is great. They aren't runny with sauce dripping down your hand. The rib meat falls off the bone and easy enough to eat with a fork or picking it up. . . The sides were great. I had the macaroni and cheese which was definitely homemade. Not runny and not too dry. The cheese flavor was not too strong either. . .  I would  be prepared to wait a bit for a table because they appeared to always be busy. Overall, I really enjoyed this place and would go back again!
Best BBQ we have ever eaten. We got the big combo platter, and expected to like a couple of the options (you can choose up to 4), but we loved everything - beef ribs, brisket, pork, and St. Louis ribs. The Mac and Cheese was to die for, very cheesey, almost too cheesey. It was our first time there, so we were so pleasantly surprised when they handed us the WARM donuts as we paid the bill. Really delicious.
Great food!  Great service!
This was the first time I have been here since the name change from Bobby McGee's.  . . First appearance, it seems like the old place, with changes of course. The first thing that struck me was that all the Super Heroes were gone....those were the days when you could come in an have Batman (or if your lucky,...WONDER WOMAN) serving your food.  But like all things, we have to grow up.. . Ever since El Paso BBQ closed down on 43rd and Peoria, I have been looking for good BBQ. Well, lo and behold...at Bobby Q's, I FOUND IT!. . Start off with the Q rolls (which is a beef brisket rolled in a tortilla and then deep fried) and go right into your 2 or three meat platter. OH YEAR! The brisket is great, the pork is pulled perfectly, and all the meats are tender, juicy and flavorful!. . Kristi indulged in a traditional chicken fried chicken and I will be darned if it was not the best I have had in Arizona! . . I had to force down the macaroni and cheese, which was also cheesy and flavorful, but I managed,. . As we were leaving at 9:45 PM on a Saturday, the lines were already opening up for the party scene on the bar side....so it shows that even though its no longer the Bobby McGees I grew up with, it hasn't lost its lister for the night life!. . Highly recommended!
Great place, I will be coming back but if you wanna eat here make sure you call ahead for reservations or you will be waiting about a hour to eat...
I love taking the guys at the end of the week to this place. Great food, beer. Good times...
Im a little biased with my wife being the catering manager, but excellent food is excellent food and great service is great service. Being in the restraunt business I truly admire when the easy things are done right. Great service, excellent food and a clean store.
Went to Phoenix on business and I wanted to take an associate out for lunch. He always talks about how much he loves BBQ ribs so I did a search on Yelp and decided on Bobby Q. They did not disappoint. Not only was the entire meal one of the best BBQ I ever had, but they took 10% of the bill for mentioning Yelp. How cool is that? Great place, great waitresses and phenomenal ribs and sides...
Good food, and great service. It wasn't 10 minutes before our order hit the table. The ribs were tender as can be without losing texture.
I have never had BBQ in the South, Texas, or anywhere outside of California (except Bobby Q), but of all the places I've tried, Bobby Q is my current favorite BBQ place EVER!  I found this place on Yelp and came here while on a trip to Arizona.  The place was pretty crowded but we only  waited about 15-20 minutes.  We ordered babyback ribs, St. Louis ribs, corn, and mac&cheese.  They also give you DELICIOUS AMAZING CORNBREAD!. . Everything was excellent.  The St. Louis ribs were the best ribs I have ever had.  They were extremely tender and had a nice flavorful bark on the  outside with dark grill marks.  Their BBQ sauce was equally awesome and the kind I like -- a bit more on the sweeter side, less on the vinegary side.  The babyback ribs were also tasty, but not as flavorful (and less meat of course) than the St. Louis ones.  The sides were good but more forgettable due to the sheer perfection of their ribs.. . I don't know if I will ever be in Phoenix again, but this place is a must-return if I ever am.  Oh and at the end of the meal, they gave us complimentary, piping hot FRESH cinnamon donuts!  That double-won me over.  I want Bobby Q right now.
Food was great! Drinks we're great! Service was great! The overall experience was awesome! After having a horrible experience at Thee Pitts Again we had to find a new BBQ place and we are glad to have found this one! We went on a Saturday night around 6 -7 and we had a 15-20 min wait which was well worth it. One of the managers brought us a sample of the Macaroni and Cheese.... IT WAS AMAZING! Almost needed a glass of milk to wash it down with! We will be returning!
this place never fails to amaze me! great atmosphere and service and the food is unbelievable. the catfish is amazing!
I had lived in the Phoenix area since 1982, and always loved the food and service at Bobby Q's.  I recently sold my home in Glendale, retired from teaching and married the 'love of my life', living in Cabo for 6 months in the winter, and traveling the world the other 6.  My husband loves ribs, so where ever we land, we try that areas' ribs. I have always bragged about Bobby's ribs, so since we're here for a hip replacement  and PT, I suggested going there this Sunday evening, I was a bit nervous, but I was right in my judgement. My husband thought they were  the BEST ribs he had EVER tasted! The ambience is romantic, and beautiful, the service perfect, moist cornbread, and the most delicious melt-in-your-mouth babyback ribs and St Louis ribs, that we have ever tasted. Thanks for not disappointing me, Bobby!  You just keep up your tradition of fantastic restaurants! Oh yes, and you don't leave without being given free donuts hot out of the oven. My husband has a sweet tooth, so he loved your place even more. Delicious!!!
Easily some if the best BBQ I have ever had. Be sure to get there early, there is almost always a wait. I come here almost every time I am in the Phoenix area.
This is about as good as it gets. Most BBQ places get a few things right but this place has their act together. All the sides mentioned earlier are awesome from the Mac & Chesse, roasted corn and cornbread. The baby backs are perfectly done and falling off the bone, The manager stopped by to see if everything was to our liking. The little bag of donuts as we were leaving was a nice touch. I'll be back!
I have been to many a bbq spot and Bobby Q is at the top. Here on vacation with family and everything we tried was soo good! Have to get the Q rolls to begin. Pulled pork and chicken....top shelf. Brisket melt in your mouth and bbq burger was so tasty (close to my favorite Hodads!). Cornbread as good as anywhere. Way to go Bobby Q!!
LOVE this place. Free cornbread, LOVE. Free mini-donuts at the end of your meal, LOVE. 10% off thanks to yelp, LOVE! My friends and I always get the Whole Hog Heaven. It's the most bang for you buck for sure and then some! I've tried all sorts of different combinations and would recommend everything EXCEPT the chicken, it was a little too dry for me. And ALL the sides I've tried are delicious: corn, mashed potatoes, shoe string fries, mac n' cheese...perfect! The Q rolls appetizer are a must-get appetizer with the Chipotle sauce! Service is always great too! . . The Q Lounge nextdoor seems like it would be a fun place to go post meal as well. We didn't go but it looked like it was bumpin' and they played some good music!
Took the family (2 adults, kids:2,3, & 6). Ordered the big sample platter $35 i think, and it was enough for all of us. 2 different kinds of ribs, 2 different kinds of beef, and slow roasted chicken plus 3 different sides. The food was great. You could argue that other places make a single type of BBQ better but as a whole sample of BBQ, it doesn't get better than this. The portions of the side dishes could be bigger. We got there before 6pm and had no wait... once we left though, there were lot's of people waiting.. . Their bar was rockin'. They have happy hour 'till 6p. Apparently this is the spot for drinks after work.Lot's of hot looking women. I will definitely be back, either with the family or with friends for the bar.. . After reading the bad reviews I noticed a trend... they were written mostly by out-of-towner's that compare this place to joints in St. Louis and such. If you're some kind of a BBQ snob, of course you've had better... get over it. The BBQ is better than you're going to get at most full service restaurants that happen to have BBQ on the menu. As for those that complained about occasional bad service... have you seen the wait for a table after 6pm? Obviously they're doing something right. People have bad days sometimes.
Holy Moses! Best BBQ in a looonnnggg time!! The cornbread is so good you don't even have to put butter on it! Fun atmosphere as well! oh...must say they have the best mac and cheese ever!!!  pulled pork...amazing, prime rib....scrumptious, roast beef...heaven! My family really loved it!
After the review (below) of my catered dinner from Bobby Q, I received this email:. . I would like to apologize for your catering experience. We pride ourselves on our food and take negative reviews very serious. I've shared your review with the owner and the kitchen manager. I would like to invite you and your family in for dinner on us. We would like to prove to you the quality of our food. Just call me directly and make a reservation. Again, we apologize for your experience. . Jason Gilliland. Restaurant Manager. . I wasn't sure how I felt about accepting a free meal - that was really not a goal when I wrote the first review.  In fact, my first thought was why should I waste my time on doing this food again?  But - I was very impressed with Jason's email and decided to give it a shot. He wasn't asking me to change my review - he was aksing for a chance to prove how good they can be.  If it was terrible, he was running the risk of me updating with an even worse review.. . My roommates and I all had the day off today, and around lunch time we were discussing food.  We were definitely in the mood for BBQ.  I called Jason, and he immediately set up our reservations for dinner tonight.. . Complete breakdown on the experience - . The room was nice!  Actually, the place was MUCH nicer than I expected a BBQ place to be - but not so stuffy we felt underdressed.. Our server was Ashleigh - she was 100% on point tonight!  From her brief rundown on what Bobby Q is and what to expect, to menu descriptions, keeping our water and iced tea full, checking back at perfect intervals and - my *wow* moment of service - when she dropped off the moist towelettes, the packages were pre-opened!  Sounds silly - but when you have BBQ greasy fingers, those packages can be a bitch!. The food - holy mother of wow - this was the same place as the last review?  The food was made with the same recipes in the same kitchen??  The only thing that tipped me off was the cornbread - still over the top amazing!. The three of us split the Cajun shrimp appetizer with garlic toast points.  While it did not have the level of kick I've come to expect from BBQ shrimp, the flavor was incredible.  Adding in the rosemary was a dash of genius, and the 6 shrimp were perfectly cooked.  This is a recipe I'd LOVE to have!. Wedge salad - HUGE!  In addition to the iceberg, tomato, bacon and bleu cheese, there was bacon.  Not just the baon bits - but big chunks of Meat Candy.  The blue was one of the richest and creamiest I've tasted.. For meats, we had brisket, rib eye, St. Louis style ribs and beef ribs.  Across the board, each was fantastic!  Just as the AKC is looking for the "ideal" of each dog - the meats we ate tonight could be held as the ideal against which all other meats were judged.  Each of the four was a perfect example of what that meat can become, when prepared perfectly!. The cole slaw does have good flavor - and I adore the fine shred they use.  So now it's two thumbs up for flavor and texture.  The mac and cheese was incredibly rich and creamy.  The baked potatoes - well, they are well prepared baked potatoes.  Either they're done right or wrong - not a lot of middle ground - and these were right.. I aldo enjoyed the featured beer - the Bobby Q Amber - which is brewed by Sonoran - so that was double local goodness.. I'd love to be able to review the peach cobbler - but we had already given up and filled boxes with leftovers to be tomorrow's lunch.  None of us had room for another bite.. Then Ashleigh brought the donuts.  Damn donuts!  Perfect, warm and soft, cinnamon sugar fried rings of perfect!  I knew I was full.  I knew I shouldn't eat anything more.  And I am so lucky she only brought one for each of us...otherwise I'd still be there eating more and more and more of them!. Fantastic dinner - all of us were incredibly happy from beginning to end with the entire experience.. Thank you Jason - if you wouldn't have reached out, I never would have known what I was missing!. We will definitely be back!
AZ BBQ Skeptic officially converted!  I've long been unconvinced of 'good' BBQ in AZ.  I've tried them all and not been impressed to say the least.  I'm kind of spoiled with good BBQ and a bit of a snob because where I'm from, Texas, BBQ is a religion; much like chili and football.  But alas!  I have found BBQ, very good BBQ here in AZ, at Bobby Q's.  We ordered a platter of beef ribs, brisket and pulled pork.  It was properly 'Texas' sized too!  I can't even tell you how tender the beef was because my description will not justify it.  I will tell you, the VERY thick, juicy and tasty meat literally fell off the VERY large bone when simply picked up from the plate.  The pulled pork was just as good but that's not hard to mess up.  The real BBQ gauge for me was in the brisket.   And again, I must confess, no description of mine will get even remotely close to how heavenly it truly was.  It far exceeded my expectation and I'll just say, the bar I set was very high!  So, I'm a fan of this BBQ as long as it stays as is, where is.  I'll close by saying the mac-n-cheese rocked and my incredible dinner finale of peach cobbler would have made my Granny proud!   This is truly a "don't miss" eatery!
This will be my last meal!
Soooo good! The brisket appetizer was amazing! The service was fantastic and the Prime Rib was great! The best part was the Mac N Chz it was almost better than my own! Very impressed! And will be back again! My hubby loved the cornbread too!. . I am soooo going back as soon as possible!
As a lover of BBQ, I cannot believe it took me 6 years of living in Arizona to find this gem. My girlfriend and I went here after much anticipation on a Sunday afternoon and we were blown away. This is not only THE best BBQ you can get in Arizona, but the service and ambiance are second to none. . . We shared the Whole Hog feast and had enough left over for a late night snack. The cornbread was the most amazing, moist, sweet corn cake I have tasted. Beef ribs?  Amazing, tender, juicy, beefy. Baby Backs? Fall off the bone and meaty, Pulled Pork? Juicy, smokey, melt in your mouth. Brisket? Full of sweet smoke and seasoning. I got an order of burnt ends to take home and the knocked my socks of with the seasoning and smoke - YUM!!!. . The manager came by our table and chatted with us for a bit about our meal. She gave us a little history on how Booby Q's came to be. Later, our server came by and informed us we could pick any dessert we wanted - compliments of the manager. We picked the mud pie - again THE best I've ever had. At this point in the meal we were not surprised by the amazing-ness of the dessert. Wow! Hard to find service and attention to the customer like that anymore. . . All in all this is now in my top 3 favorite places to not just eat, but to dine in Arizona. In my opinion, a 5-star dining experience should cater to all 5 senses - Bobby Q's did just that. If I could give a bonus star, I would. If you have not been to this restaurant, stop searching Yelp right now and make plans to go. You will NOT be disappointed.
My boyfriend and I love BBQ.  As some pretty serious BBQ lovers, we came to this place because of its reviews on yelp.  Well, we were definitely not disappointed.. . Service:  Definitely great service from the wait staff and manager.  The waitor did frequent checkbacks to our table (and those in our section).  He didn't seem rushed or in a hurry, even though it was a busy night.  This being a popular place to eat, I had assumed that we would get the "rushed waitor" treatment-- case was the opposite.  The manager came by to check on our meal as well and we received some good recommendations for the future.  . . Food:  All I can really say is A++ Amazing.  We ordered a full baby-back rack of bbq ribs with macaroni & cheese & fries.  Ribs were definitely the best we've had.  You can tell they don't just slap them on the grill and throw some sauce onit.  Mac & cheese was very creamy, just the way it should be!  The fries were fries, what can I say...?  They were good.  . . Overall:  We're going back again and again.  The resteraunt was loud at the time, but it's to be expected on a Friday night with music in the bar area.  Didn't mind at all--everyone we saw there seemed as though they didn't mind either.
Pretty much as good as it gets as far as BBQ is concerned. Ribs, coleslaw, cornbread,  peach tea..all awesome! Also the smokehouse burger is one of the best I've had.They also  bring these little doughnuts ( free) at the end that just melt in your mouth.. so delicious.  Service was great. Sit in Sawyers section. I hear Friday nights in the bar are a good time as well.
everything is great, from appetizers to the barbeque food, especially their. mac and cheese real, and the bananna dessert.  Service is great.
I can't complain about anything here.  The food was delicious, portions are generous, the service was fantastic, I loved the atmosphere, you get 10% off by checking-in on Yelp, AND they give you a surprise bag of homemade donuts on your way out!
This is the BEST BBQ place that I've found in the PHX area.  Everything I've tried here is amazing.  The BBQ sauce is the perfect blend of tangy, sweet and smoky.  Ribs are amazing.  Baked beans are awesome.  Corn bread is incredible.  The service is always top notch.  Ambiance and setting is really cool.  . . You can't go wrong at Bobby Q.  Try it.  You will be going back every time you are in the mood for BBQ.
I have to say that this is some of the best BBQ I have ever had! The price is very reasonable as well, especially for the amount of food you are given. The BF and I shared the "Whole Hog" platter. We finished it, but only because we're gluttons and don't believe in wasting food. It was enough for at least 3 people. The meat just fell off the bone and melted in your mouth. I also appreciate that it wasn't smothered in sauce. They give you the opportunity to actually taste the meat but give you extra sauce on the side if you want it. We had the mac and cheese - gooey and scrumptious and the corn - roasty. The cocktails were tasty and also reasonably priced. We were there on a Saturday night with a party of 14. I don't know if we had a reservation but we were seated pretty quickly. We could tell that they were busy and even though we were taking up a lot of precious space they never  made us feel rushed. The waitress was a doll! Being a large group we didn't all arrive at the same time, needed separate checks, and needed drinks at different times. She didn't miss a beat and everything was accurate on our bill. If you check in on Yelp you get 10% off that visit and you can register for their mailings on their website and they'll send you a coupon for a free onion block appetizer.  There is a club attached to the restaurant but it is pretty bizarro. I wouldn't recommend hanging out there after your dinner. It isn't a honky tonk but a CLUB club for the locals. It doesn't really fit with the restaurant but whatever more power to them using the space to make some money. Apparently every table in the club is sold out every Saturday night so good for them. I forgot the mention the donuts. If you are too full to eat them after your meal, as we were, take them with you! I sincerely regret not bringing them home to be eaten at a later time.
Everything is relative to the area.  So I will say that this is definitely the best in Phoenix or anywhere else in Arizona.  No chain or mom&pop shop can compare to Bobby Q's.. . I ordered take out but their little after dinner doughnuts were a nice twist to bbq.  And the cornbread was certainly better than average.  My favorite part comes when we speak of the macaroni&cheese.  Who and how in the world did someone in Phoenix learn how to make mac n cheese like this ?!  I was skeptical when I looked at it because it was an off-white color.  But it was creamy and full of rich flavor.  I ordered the smoasted chicken and drizzled some of that bbq sauce on it.  It was well cooked and the bbq sauce was high quality with a little zip and long lasting good after taste.  Strongly recommed the sauce (on the smoasted chicken) and mac n cheese. . . Your mouth will water when we talk about the peach cobbler.  It's not the best I've had (3 places I've tried around the world have been better) but it's a B+++++.  The crust is almost candied and melts in your mouth.  The flavor is NOT too sweet or powerful to the point where you can only eat a few bites.  It was well put together.. . To top it off, the person who answered the phone and took my order (and my money) had her customer service skills in high gear.  She made me want to return because I felt like I was being taken care of.  Big smile, plenty of suggestions on whether I wanted her to include an extra cornbread or a couple extra doughnuts....at no charge.  Very accomodating so I had no problem living her a nice sized tip.  She made the experience enjoyable and I will be back time and time again!!!
Bobby Q is to legit to quit!. Having recently spent a few months in Texas and KC, I figured that Bobby Q would not match up or be as good as I remembered.. . I was WRONG this place is great! While it's by no means the quality of BBQ, its some of the best I've had outside of Texas and better than many places in Texas.. . The Brisket is moist, not as smokey as it should be, but it's tender and full of flavor.. The Mac N Cheese is excellent.. The Corn also kicks A.. . AZ is lucky to have a gem like this in their city. Most places around the country can't even get close to this.. . Hats off to Bobby Q!
Amazing food and service.  Stacy was our server and the best server I've had in a long time (I travel and eat out quite a lot). She guided us through the menu and was extremenly knowledgeable and friendly. To be honest, I had low expectations for a BBQ place but Stacy wowed us. I ordered the prime rib and baby back ribs for myself since I couldn't decide. It was the best decision I made.  The special sauce was delicious and Stacy gave a little bit of their original and spicy sauce. Everyone at the table was extremenly happy with dinner. We will definitely go there again if we come back to Phoenix!
They got a dress code, a free drink signup, and some good ass drink deals. People seemed pretty cool and the drink girls are super sexy! :) ill be back some time or another.
Great food, great value, great ambiance, great service!  Loved it!  The delicious donuts that came with the bill were to die for!  If Phoenix didn't suck so bad, I would consider moving here to be closer to Bobby Q!
this is where i go for bbq in phx!!!. . my family loves going here.  we have gone in small and large groups.  they are very accommodating.  even with reservations it takes awhile to be seated.  eventhough there is a lot of seating this restaurant is always busy.  they even have private rooms.  the restaurant is very nice inside and the customers are even dress real nice.  looks kinda weird seeing folks dress professional in a bbq joint.  if busy the parking kinda sucks.. . the food is awesome!  everything that my family has tried as been awesome.  the corn bread and honey butter is delicious!  the ribs, steak, chicken, grilled salmon, salads, fries, it's all good!. . the servers seem to do a great job and never had one problem.  great job!. . i hope you enjoy this place because i do!
so we were from LA and somehow suddenly found the appetite for some good BBQ. While Phoenix is not known for its BBQ, we tried it out anyways, knowing that we're all hungry and could carve out any meat given in our direction.. . we were dead wrong! we were expecting it to be another overrated and overpriced Lucille's BBQ down in California but oh my, we found a gem in Phoenix. We ordered the three meat platter and oh boy, it was good. me and my gf shared the platter, we got the st louis ribs, the brisket and the pork. the ribs were great, it falls off the bone and it's so juicy and tender. one of the best ribs i ever tasted, period. the brisket were unbelievable. smoked right, you'll taste every flavor of it. salty, meaty, and juicy, we were all happy just to be there at that time.. . if you visit phoenix, make sure to visit BOBBY Q as it will never let you down!
Food was out of this world!! We had a hard to please group, but everyone left more than satisfied. The wait-staff was also excellent!
Looked at the reviews and decided to give it a try.  Glad we did!!  Great food and service and very different but nice atmosphere.  Looks more rustic from the outside, but inside very clear, lots of wood, very comfortable.  Loved this place, will definitely be back.
Until Bobby Q's entered my life i wasnt a fan of BBQ anything! made me kinda sad to see so many people enjoying some messy ribs but anyways I i digress...This place has changed my life for the better!. Their St. Louis ribs are fall off the bone AMAZING! and their Mac n Cheese is amust have! I have to admit this place has made me a bit of a ribs snob, if something doesnt come close to Bobby Q's i automatically right that place off.. . A short review but you get the gist of it...
Awesome BBQ goodness!. . Bobby Q's is right off I17 and was easy to find for us out-of-towners. The parking lot is huge and when we went it was really quiet.. . The interior has a bit more of an upscale vibe to it, not like an old traditional bbq place. The service was good and they give you mini-doughnuts at the end.. . We ordered the whole hog platter to share amongst the two of us and it was definitely enough food. I don't think it'd be enough food for three hungry people, but definitely two. We had the brisket, pulled pork, beef ribs and st louis ribs.. . The mac & cheese was delicious. It was creamy, cheesy and amazing. Definitely worth getting. The garlic mash potatoes were also very good, but not as mouth watering as the mac & cheese. If I had to do it again I would just have the three sides as mac & cheese, it was that good.. . All of the meat was tender - the meat feel right off the bone of the ribs and we could cut the brisket with our forks. It was delicious with the smoked flavour and sauce they put on. Unlike other places they do put some sauce on it, which is how I prefer it. It's not overpowering and drenched in sauce to prevent you from tasting the actual flavour of the meat though.. . Price wise it was a little higher than other restaurants (Seems to be $18-25 per person) we had been to, however the quality of the food is well worth it. Unfortunately we were too full to try the dessert, but that's OK because there's nothing wrong with filling up with meaty goodness.
A roadtrip would not be complete without local BBQ and Bobby's does not disappoint!. . Fancy smancy table service. Dark and cool with bar seating. Rotisserie chick and bragging about the ribs. Alex was friendly and rattled off drink specials. Other servers were chatting with friends at the bar and one, blond one dipped into her cleavage for something. I hope she washes her hands before serving up a meal. Now I look around, this is a breaking ground for hooters. Low cut and falling out. Not a fan of that. . Bobby Q Amber Ale (Sonoran Brewing) is too light with a bitter bite. Not my type of amber but they tried. . 2 meats, brisket & sausage w/ mac&cheese and...the pecan coleslaw? What the heck for $18.  . Pulled pork sandwich $10. 2 meat with pork and brisket . Ranch House Salad. Corn bread (pucks) of sweet, warm goodness.. . Sides were great! The beans with zest, the M&C takes me back to old school cafeteria, the potato salad was fantastic and the slaw was great with the pecan. . Brisket was the clear winner from the table and we all loved the smoky sausage. The pulled pork was a disappointing third as it was dry. Good thing I went with brisket. . Two thumbs up here kids. Well worth your time and money. Yelp check in brought a 10% off the total tab too.
Went for first time tonight. The food was awesome. We ordered "whole hog heaven". Had more than enough food for 2. Could have possibly served 3. The ribs fell off the bone. The brisket melted in your mouth. The service was great. Have nothing but good things to say.
O.M.G.!!!!!!  My mouth is drooling just typing this review.  . . Back home (San Diego), the best bbq place to dine at is Phil's BBQ.  This place is 100 times better than Phil's.  We ordered the "Whole Hog Heaven" and it was plenty for two.  Their pulled chicked, brisket, ribs and beef ribs are delicious and came with 3 sides.  The Mac N Cheese (Yummy), the beans (Tasty) and the roasted corn (excellent) were a hit.  . . When I go back toAZ, I will MAKE sure to come back to visit Bobby Q.   Trust me...You will NOT be disappointed.
Stuck in the hospital in Phoenix last month and our amazing friends brought us a takeout smorgasbord from Bobby's...we hadn't physically been there in almost 2 years and the uber-high standard is definitely being maintained.
Seriously.  I seldom give 5 stars, but it deserves at least this much.. If it wasn't for the location and the super scary after dinner club scene, I would go every.single.day.. . Truly one the best BBQ places in greater Phoenix.  My mouth is watering as I'm thinking about the Hog Heaven special.  In fact, my puppies mouths are watering too.  Decent prices, giant selection.  One of those places where the early cowboys of the SW would appreciate.  .  . If you are a cracker family, I suggest going super early, like super early bird special early , like when the snow birds come out for the senior special early, because after dusk, the whole place transforms into a pulsating super loud, super dicey Mexican Dance Club, and the blue hairs are sure to have a coronary attack after indulging in such a  lipid laden meal as they attempt to make their way out of the Club.  .  . Ah the sacrifice for decent BBQ....
Mac and cheese to die for. Ribs fell off the bone. Donuts at end were a treat. Was on vacation and ate there twice it was sooo good.
Dinner was delicious, the hubby and I split the whole hog and everything was tender and yummy.  We had sausage, brisket, baby back ribs and St. Louis style and the sides were delicious as well, the Mac and chz, beans and fries, yum
By far, the best barbecue place I have ever been to.  We ordered the Whole Hog Heaven and we're in heaven with each bite.  The Mac and Cheese is excellent, the ST. Louis ribs are to die for and the service is excellent.  Look forward to my next trip to Phoenix so I can eat there.
Stopped here after a spring training game and wow! The food is amazing the service top notch will stop by again when in town....oh and reasonably priced
In Arizona some b&)tchen BBQ!!!! Saw the place on the fwy and jumped off to find the place.... Place if huge! If u mis this place please get ur eyes checked! Lol . First impression was people leaving and telling us how good it was.. Two different parties! Man a place that makes people do that! . We all ordered the sampler platter .. Three choices of meet and one side .. I ordered ribs, brisket and pulled pork..pulled pork cooks for 12+hrs .. Was good just a little to mushy for me.. Brisket was over the top for me! YUMMY!! Now the ribs.. I have traveled all over for ribs and this is hands down my favorite! My side was Mac and cheese as a recommendation and I have only had one better than this! I heard people taking about the potatoes behind us and how good they were ...  Oh yes did I forget to mention the corn bread! . Look don't hesitate to come here! Your palette and ur stomach will love it!
Some amazing BBQ!  You start off with corn bread that is really moist and sweet.  It's almost like eating cake.  We did the three meat platter and they split it onto two plates for us.  Don't bother with trying different sides, just get double the Mac n cheese...you won't regret it!  It's creamy cheesy goodness!  Brisket is really tender as well as the chicken.  Finish your meal off with some complimentary mini donuts in cinnamon sugar goodness and you'll have to roll out the door. Nice environment, good service and great food!  I know I'll be back for more when I come back to Phoenix!
My wife, son (7) and I went to lunch here during a weekday. It was busy but not crowded and we were able to get a table right away. The waitress we had was excellent, she was knowledgeable, very attentive but not annoyingly so. I got pulled pork platter and my wife got the pulled pork sandwich. Both of these were excellent. The portions were a good size, and the corn bread was very good as well. My wife ordered the lemonade to drink, which she said was great and couldn't get enough of. My son ordered the cheeseburger and was not too impressed, although he is a picky eater sometimes. Also, when leaving, they give you a couple of mini sugar doughnuts as a treat that they make fresh at the front of the restaurant.
yo bay bay, whatchu want for dinner?. . hmmm, what's around these parts?. . I found a BBQ spot up the way, yelp reviews are stella.. . Cool beans, less check it out.. . Nice ambiance, a short wait on a Monday night, excellent BBQ, this place is the real deal yo!. . Chicken, short ribs, beef ribs, shrimp, if you can grill it, they gots it!
THE BEST BBQ PLACE I'VE FOUND IN PHOENIX!! OMG! I can't wait till the next time we have another family outting. Everyone in my family was happy with their food. From the prime ribs to the baby back ribs to the kid's mac and cheese to the shoe string fries and to the pineapple martini... EVERYTHING WAS A TEN TEN TEN TEN! On top of everything else, yelp gave me a 10% discount for checking in! WINNING!!! I'm super excited we gave this place a try!! LOVE IT!!
Bobby Q = heaven. . I think it's safe to assume that everything on the menu is good because everything I tried here was delicious!!! Even their drinks are yummy. Tried the pineapple surprise, sweet tea and strawberry daiquiri and enjoyed all of them. The cornbread is perfect; especially when you add butter and honey on top. It was so good I ate two of them straight out of the fridge the next morning for breakfast. The side dishes are awesome, especially the mac and cheese and roasted corn. The barbecue is juicy and flavorful. I didn't even add barbecue sauce to my meat because it was just fine without it. You can even finish off your meal with free, yes FREE, donuts. Bobby Q, I love you.
This was the best BBQ  brisket i've had in ages, very juicy not the least bit dry.  as other have mentioned the mac and cheese is outrageously good, soooo creamy.  better than many homemade recipes. go for the chipotle brisket app too.
If you like BBQ, this is probably the best place I've been to in phoenix.. . . If you have ever been to Lucille's BBQ in California or tempe it is comparable. Been there about 5 times and everything is good. They have large group deals making it pretty cheap. Also right when you walk in you see a donut making machine, and they give you donuts when you finish your meal which is awesome. Freshly baked and very fluffy. . . I come back often
Seriously awesome BBQ in a totally random place.  The ribs were unreal, seriously, fall off the bone, meaty deliciousness to the face.  Be prepared to wait for a little while before being seated, we came on a Tuesday night and had to wait for about 30 minutes, always a good sign that you're in for a treat.  I will definitely be back!
First time here. I came with my son & didn't know what to expect. Being that it's location is right off the I-17 we'd pass Bobby Q's many times & often thought it was a dive due to its location. We were pleasantly surprised as we walked in & were greeted by two friendly hostesses & a nice ambiance. Both my son & I were dressed casually. I looked around and noticed some guests were dressed up, while others were casual like us. I immediately felt comfortable.  It was a busy Sunday about 7:30pm. I requested a booth as I wanted to enjoy mother/son conversation over a nice dinner. The restaurant's interior is a rustic western theme with a bar in the middle, dining patio in front & separate dancing lounge connected to the back.  Everything was very clean and orderly like a well oiled machine. Our server was professional, friendly and quick. My son ordered the hamburger with cheddar cheese from the regular menu which came with shoestring fries & I ordered the Rib Eye with roasted corn and mashed potatoes. Both of our meals were prepared according to our liking and tasted sensational! Prior to our entrees, the server brought out 2 warm pieces of round cornbread with butter. It was delicious! We wish we would have saved room for the banana cream pie, next time for sure!  Towards the end of our dinner the manager came to ask how our dining experience was, it's nice to know this business cares about their guests!  One side note, the complimentary mini donuts that are given with your bill are awesome.  I highly recommend this establishment  (Excellent Food, Service, Family Atmosphere or perfect Date Night) & we look forward to celebrating my upcoming birthday here!
This is my all time favorite restaurant of all times. If I were on death row, my last meal would be from here. If I were ever going to get married, I would  have them cater for me. I never went to Bobby McGees unfortunately, but I have been eating at Bobby Qs since it became Bobby Qs. I have never had a bad meal, nor have I seen anyone else not enjoy their meal. I have never had bad service, or even mediocre service. The food and service have always been excellent, above average, wonderful. . I can't say how many times I have been here over the past many years. I used to go at least once a month as it was me and someones date restaurant for a long time. Every time someone visits from out of town, I bring them there. They always request to go back when they are visiting again. I've brought dates to this place, they have always loved it. When I talk to someone else about Bobby Qs, and they've had it in the past, they always say they love it too. I even met someone from out of town that said they go all over the country to eat BBQ and Bobby Qs had their favorite ribs of anywhere they've ever been to!  I've been to going away parties, birthday parties, tons of stuff, and I've still never met anyone to complain about this place. . The only complaints I've ever heard is of the club. Who cares about the club? This is about the restaurant, the food, the service. Not some dance club where some teeny bopper got in a fight with her boyfriend so they had a bad night so they are going to complain about Bobby Qs. Come on now! . Try the amazing, phenomenal food that Bobby Qs is!! The cornbread is great, the nice donuts they give you as you're leaving are delicious and the spicy bbq sauce is my favorite. I like that they sell their bbq sauce so I can have it at home too! It feels comfortable inside as well, the decor is nice. The outside patio is a great spot when the weather is nice. My dad lives 1800 miles away and is always asking me if I've eaten there recently and to take pictures of the outside water chains so he can replicate that at his house.
I've had Bobby Q's 3 times now. It is so dang good! I love love love their barbeque sauce. One day I had the truly awesome experience of eating their takeout, family style. I got to try the brisket, the ribs, the chicken, corn, corn bread,  and pecan cole slaw, which were all equally mmmmm!!!!
The baby back ribs are amazing! Fall right off the bone. If I had one wish it would be they build another location in Scottsdale. The pulled pork is also amazing!
This place rocks! Great BBQ, friendly, knowledgable, professional waitress, food was served piping hot. The roasted corn was also excellent. The only downside was no burnt ends.
This is hands-down my favorite BBQ place in the greater-Phoenix area. Great atmosphere. I love the brisket and the Mac and Cheese is to die for! Last night had another great experience with Amberlie as our waitress! She was outstanding. I also discovered a new yummy drink there: their sangria! Will have that again next time for sure! I always take out-of-town guests here and it never disappoints.
Ate there for lunch. Wow, was it good.. . I took two friends there and they were just telling me bad experiences with burgers that they had. (They are very particular with their burgers.) They both agreed that the burgers they ordered and ate were the juiciest burgers they ever ate. From my perspective, they looked really delicious.. . But I had the full rack of baby back ribs. Oh man. We were just wondering why their burgers came with knives, but my ribs didn't. Then I just pulled one off. Or should I say I kept it from falling off. Oh, that's why. Yeah, that tender. So good.. . Loved the corn bread and the mini doughnuts they gave us for complimentary dessert.. . Yep, Yelp came through again and brought me to a five star restaurant. Gotta love this.
My girlfriend and I came here while visiting AZ from CA.  We actually used Yelp to find the place.  I have had alot of bbq, and this is BY FAR, the absolute best I have ever eaten.  Try the Q Rolls, then get the Baby back ribs.  You will not need desert trust me.
My husband and I have been to countless BBQ restaurants in California, Nevada, and now Arizona.  Bobby Q's is BY FAR the best BBQ we have ever experienced!!. . The food is incredible, and the service is just as good!
THE BEST RIBS I'VE HAD HANDS DOWN!! The meat was perfectly cooked and the portions are so big for such a good price! My bf and I shared a half rack of ribs and got two sides and were completely stuffed, all for $20! They even gave us extra corn bread as an appetizer! And free dessert! Love this place!
Wow this BBQ is the best!!! I had searched for this place on the Internet because I had been here years ago and it was a themed restaurant  .....Bobby McGees where the wait staff was dressed in character. When we arrived we were told that they quit doing that 8 yrs ago ;( They told us we would not be sorry if we stayed and they were right. It was by far the best BBQ ever!! Melted in your mouth. I told them I was looking on yelp to see if others loved them too and that they did!!! Then our excellent friendly server told us we got 10% off for mentioning yelp!! Wooo hoo icing on the cake.
happy hour friday 4:30-8 can be a full crowd with no parking, park at carrington college! The free buffet at the q lounge is amazing prime rib, shrimp, tacos, nachos so good and bbq chicken will be going back friday with some friends!
My blogger buddy and I were in Glendale for Spring Training and found ourselves sighing at the lack of original food places. Not that eating in strip malls is bad.. it's just bad.. Luckily, my friend yelped and found this place nearby. We sat ourselves at the bar.. The food was outstanding! Not only did we LOVE our food, we met a regular that was hilarious and had schtick with our bartender/waiter. She was very funny! Oh.. and that was some quick service indeed!. . . There is a nightclub attached to Bobby Q. My friend and I did venture on over to check it out, but it was definitely NOT our scene or music. Very Vegasy. So, maybe skip that.. unless you are 23 and like Vegas clubs.. Or are like us.. and blog about traveling and check out things we would not normally visit. Or - if you want to dance off your meal, maybe? No.. wait.. I don't think you should do that. The food is really fantastic and should get to stay cozily in your stomach until it's good and ready to part ways.. . www.DartandMap.com
On a return trip from Sky Harbor, we stopped there, at our daughter's request, to eat.  That meal was the best BBQ meal ever.   We shared about 5 different meats (sausage, pork ribs, beef ribs and brisket, and chicken) with several sides, including mac and cheese and pecan cole slaw.  The beef ribs were OUTSTANDING!   Would definitely return.
My family went here on a trip up to Flagstaff and are now ruined on barbeque. The prices were very reasonable, the portions big, the flavors fantastic, and the draft beers thirst-quenching. I don't think I'll ever have ribs that good again. Our server and the bartender were very attentive. If you must go here, be sure to mention Yelp for 10% off your order. We had the Whole Hog Heaven ($38) and Q-Rolls ($9), which were more than enough for four people. The Amber Ale, available in 21 oz glasses, is a good pairing. The ambiance is noticeably better than Chilli's, but not pretentious. Stopping here was a highlight of our trip.
Yes..... you're eyes are not playing games with you... I rated Bobby Q's with TOP ratings and well deserved!. . As always I start out by reminding everyone that I am pickiest person I know and when I like a place.... I tell all and when a place sucks... I also tell all! lol. . Lets start in the parking lot with attendants guiding us on where to park...I guess happy hour is a BIG thing there.. . We were immediately greeted and seated in a comfortable chair on one side couch on the other table.. . Justin was there in a jiffy for drink orders and telling us "newbies" about the restaurant and even its backround.  . . The ambience was warm and comfortable (other than the BOOM BOOMING noise coming thru the wall from the bar). . We were served warm and totally AWESOME corn bread while we decided on what to order.. . We shared a 3 meat combo, I believe the price was $21.00 but dont quote me.. . The combo included a choice of 3 meats and we chose  spare ribs, pork and brisket which came with 2 sides.. . Justin brought a sample of the mac and cheese and OMG....that is some damn fine mac/cheese....very very rich but yummy!. . Having had our share with the sample,  we chose the pecan cole slaw and bbq beans as our sides.. . The meal arrived in no more than 5 minutes and they were nice enough to split it on 2 plates for us.. . The pork was incredibly moist and smoky yumminess...the brisket was tender and again that smoky flavor with just a little sauce on top as not to drown it and the ribs fell right off the bone.. . Justin brought us some mild and spicy bbq sauce and they were both tangy and full of BAM!. . The cole slaw was not too wet from mayonise overdose and just perfect and the bbq beans were a little sweet but very good.. . And when you feel stuffed and have had your fill they bring you a little brown bag with a few homemade mini doughnuts....just a tad sweet and the perfect end to a perfect meal!. . Keep in mind I have been on a quest to find what I feel is some good BBQ and this my friends is it! (would I steer you wrong?) :). . I have tried the Honeybears...yuk  and the place in Glendale that was on the show "check please" (yucky sauce and ribs were nothing to write home about and their cole slaw was soaking in mayo)...ick..... and Dickeys which....well...I really have nothing good to say about that place (see my review from last month).. . I have been hearing about Bobby Q's for a while now, but never felt like taking the long drive out there.....boy oh boy am I glad I did.. . As I always say....food is a matter of personal preference and I would gladly pay the price for good food but it pisses me off to pay good money for lousy food!. Which is why I feel obliged to share my opinion with my fellow Arizonians out there.. . Overall I say GO!  TRY!  ENJOY! and until you do........ . Bon Appetite'
My husband had requested BBQ ribs for our anniversary dinner so I searched yelp and found Bobby Qs. We live in Goodyear so it was a bit of a drive but worth every mile. The cornbread was warm and fresh, we had the Whole hog platter and have enough leftover for at least one more meal. The baby back ribs were melt-in-your-mouth good, the pulled pork and brisket to die for, the grilled corn sweet and buttery.  It is now our new favorite BBQ restaurant. Laura, the manager, was friendly and very warm.
Bobby Q's is the BEST BBQ restaurant in the valley. Better then Famous Daves. Better then Waldo's, in my opinion. This used to be Bobby McGee's in the 90's and they would have live band and dancing there. I went there with my wife, mother-in-law and daughter. We didn't make reservations because we didn't know you had to until we had called them that day. At the time, they weren't taking anymore reservations until after 8pm and that was too late for us. It was only 3:30p at the time. The woman on the phone said the wait time was about 45mins, so we went anyways. We got there around 4:00pm and put our names on the list. They said they would call us when the table was ready. I kind of missed the little pagers we usually get at Cheesecake Factory and other restaurants, but personal service is still nice too. So I waited 30mins, checked the list and there were still 2 groups ahead of us. Check again at 45mins and still one group ahead of us. The hostess apologized and explained that customer with reservations would get seated first, which made sense, but I was getting hungry. Finally 55mins in we got seated (near the kitchen door) and was able to order drinks immediately as we looked over the menu. They had some specials, so I got the Prime Rib/Lobster Tail with 2 sides for $30. I got the Mac & Cheese and Corn I believe. I can't remember what everyone else got, but I know they loved the food. They brought out warm corn bread, which was moist, sweet and great with butter. My wife and mother-in-law loved their alcoholic drinks. I got lemonade which was excellent as well. The meals came after about 15mins. The prime rib simply melted in your mouth. It was delicious. The Mac & Cheese was perfect. Nice and creamy and cheesy, just like how I make it. My wife tried mine and loved it. I tried her bake beans and even those were incredible. The corn was also good, Even the coleslaw that I tasted was very tasty. The lobster, we juicy and I doused it in the butter for another bite. It was cooked perfectly. I tried my wife's Baby Back Rib and they were smokey, moist and incredible with the BBQ sauce. I couldn't believe how good everything was. The waitress came back and forth to our table at least 6-7 times during the meal to see if there was anything else we needed. Very friendly and courteous. My daughter, who's only 2.5yrs loved everything, especially the mac & cheese since she loves cheese. Definitely one of the best BBQ meals I've ever ate. I will probably get the Brisket or Baby-Back Rib the next time I go. If you have BBQ and Steak, this is the place to go. It was definitely worth the wait and the kitchen door didn't even bother me because I was enjoying the food. I forgot a couple things. i forgot to mention the appetizers. They give you a lot for the appetizers. We got the BBQ wings and Artichoke/Spinach dip and it was fabulous. some places will give you 5-6 wings for appetizer, but we got like twice that amount and it was delicious. At the end of the meal they give you soft delicious donuts for free. 5 stars from me here.
So we went back last Friday for a birthday celebration and what can I say...... OUTSTANDING!  This time our server was Alyissa (I hope I spelled that correctly).. . Same experience, greeted right away and although we had to wait 15 minutes or so, it was enjoyable sitting outside during our wait.. . Server was GREAT and the food was GREAT and the manager was GREAT!. . I LOVE how the manager will visit to ask how things are and when she discovered the birthday boy LOVED the MAC AND CHEESE she brought him another serving with a candle in it!. The birthday boy mentioned to our server that the MAC AND CHEESE was the best he's ever had (this coming from a 14 yrs old mac and cheese expert) so being the FAB server she was, Alyissa brought him another cup full of mac and cheese!. . You have to know that their mac and cheese is creamy and rich and the absolute BEST I have had in a restaurant.. . Then they brought  the birthday boy a decedant to die for Chocolate brownie with ice cream and whipped cream for dessert, with 4 spoons! lol. . This 14 yr old boy says this is the BEST restaurant he has ever been to and this young man has traveled all over the world and eaten at MANY restaurants since he was practically born!. . From the mouth of babes! lol. . This is a must try restaurant.... give it a try....and until you do...... . Bon Appetite'
Was visiting Pheonix/Glendale for a Raider game, and yelped around for a spot to eat.  This BBQ joint is off the wall.  I have not had BBQ like this and the service is the best.  I highly recommend this place if you are a BBQ aficionado.
The absolutely best food ever, they acutally adjusted my bill for a YELP discount that I got while I was waiting for my food. My Reisling was rather expensive for St. Michelles, $12.00 the only way I was OK with it was the 10% coupon discount. St. Michelles usually runs 6.00 - 8.00 I have never paid 12.00 for this wine. That was the only disappointing part of the evening.
Just ate here today and this place is great! The brisket is delicious and moist and the ribs are a smokey fall off the bone delight. I strongly suggest the Q-roll appetizer to start and the corn bread is off the chain. I had potato salad and its eh average. The mac and cheese is freakin awesome as well. All in all as a bbq lover this place is in my top 3 bbq places in phoenix. Somewhat pricey but you definitely wont be dissapointed.
It's been awhile since I've had some good ribs.  Bobby Q has fall off the bone ribs and the mac n cheese was so good.  Everthing was delicious.  Our server was friendly and helpful. I will be back for more. YUMMY!
Delicious!. I had the pulled pork sandwich with potato salad.. The service was amazing.. Go.
Oh. My. God.. . This place has THE BEST ribs I've ever had. I really popped in here on a whim and was blown away by the food. I went on a Sunday and got $10 off the sharing platter. This place has the nicest cornbread muffins too, but really everything is delicious. I went to grab the half-rack of ribs and the bones just fell out of the meat. At the half-way point I had to stop myself because I'd end up pigging out. I got the rest to go but honestly this was the best cue I had in all of the USA.
In an effort to cure our weekend blues - the hubby devised a new plan.  Instead of staring @ each other all weekend we alternate weekends and plan something for us to do.  Budget of $100.   No complaining!   . . This was his weekend.  I'm one of those wives that loves a surprise/hates a surprise.  With that in mind I had great anxiety over the adventure ahead of me.  We start off with major construction going on our off ramp.  So we got a little side tracked and wound up going through some stranger parts of Phoenix.  I couldn't imagine a restaurant here so I was really starting to wonder what he had planned.  Then all of a sudden closer to the freeway there it is.  The most glorious signage I had ever seen.  Bobby Q's.  Fantastic.  He's gonna feed me and then the night will really begin. . . We head into the restaurant and everything is so cute.  It helped so much that tonight we could finally WANT to eat outdoors if we wanted to.  It's so much cooler.  We were told that it would be about five minutes.  We turned around, sat down and then our names were called.  Not bad.  I immediately notice the comfy little love seats and some of the tables.  We were not lucky enough to grab one of them but next time I tell you, my butt will be in one of them, or outside.  Tiffany came over and explained everything.  Which was great.  I love when wait staff knows their shit.  As a diet coke fanatic I will gladly let it pass that the competition is served in their restaurant.  I oped for the peach iced tea and had four more glasses after that.  At $1.75 how can you beat that.  And its not artificial tasting at all.  This was good.  Hubby had a beer that was specifically made for the restaurant.  BBQ Amber.  Good.  Went well with the meat.  Tiffany (who in my opinion is the epitome of what a wait person should be) immediately brought us some corn bread (to hold us over) and it was so good.  So GOOD.  I frosted mine like a mini cake with that butter and was all over it.  YUM.  When we put our drink order in we put an order for the Q-rolls in.  Before I was done with my first glass of iced tea - the appy was out. Think a smaller version of a taquito with beef brisket inside.  So awesome.  Good, just good!  I ordered the three meat combo (go big or go home) chicken, brisket and baby back ribs.  Chose mashed potatoes and corn as my sides.  Done and done.  Pic to follow.  I picked up a rib and it looked like the flintstone quarry.  Clean.  Not a lick of meat on it.  Where was the meat?  Oh on my plate.  It slid right off.  Not a touch of fat anywhere on it.  Melted on my mouth and was so good I was having trouble sharing.  The brisket was phenomenal.  The chicken with a touch of the spicy bbq sauce was run out on to the freeway and play good.  DELISH!  Do you get what I'm telling you here?  Hubby's meal was just as good.  Mac and cheese was great.  The corn.  O EM GEE the corn.  The little corn coins.  So cute and so damn good.  More peach iced tea.  At some point hubby used the term "meat mayonaisse" to describe the ribs.   He says that the fat on the ribs (which was minimal) melted in his mouth.  . . The manager came over to check on us and what a doll she is.  I'm so mad that we didn't get her name.  Dear Manager - thank you again for the delish meal, the unexpected treat after and the great time we had on our date.  We will bring everyone we know there, we will suggest to everyone that they go there.  It was a real treat.  . . To summarize - great place, great drinks, great service, great food, great manager, great dessert.  It will be our go to restaurant.
The perfect burger. Awesome BBQ! NEVER a bad meal!
I worked here for quite sometime... I can honestly say this is one of the cleanest, tastiest, and most affordable "just past casual" dining you will ever encounter. There is literally no bad item on the menu; however, I can honestly say the Smokehouse Burger, BBQ Brisket, and Mac and Cheese outdoes the rest of the menu. The atmosphere can be a little dark, but creates a more private experience. Service is someof the best I have ever encountered.
I don't usually like to give a review after only having been to a place once but... I have never felt so welcome, so well treated, and so satisfyingly full after one visit!. . I have definitely found my new favorite carnivorous dining place. . . My friend Don S. checked in here one day and I asked him if he was clubbing because I had been to the lounge with my cousins before but didn't know much about the restaurant since it had changed from Bobby McGee's back in the day. He laughed! Told me they have an amazing burger! Say what? Bobby Q is a five minute drive from my house! How did I not know this? . . I went last night with my son and let me tell you, one of the most pleasant dining experiences of my life! I ordered the smokehouse burger. It is 50 cents more than the regular burger and probably a hundred times better because it has bacon! Haha. I love my meat still pink in the middle and when I ask for something m.rare I would like it m.rare and preferably closer to the rare side. The chef hooked up my patty perfect! One of the best burger I have ever had! My little boy ordered the mac off the kids menu (love kids menus), and he loved it so much he ordered up a second helping! Sean our waiter was so kind and helpful and playful with the boy. It's so much more enjoyable when the staff is good with kids. Laura, who must have been management, came out to check on us mid meal and was also super sweet. She brought me out a sample of the brisket. Melty and delicious and bursting to the brim with flavor. She also told my son that if he tried the brisket she would bring him desert on the house! How cool is that?!? Of course he tried it, but more importantly he loved it! Then came.... Death by Chocolate! Its like an ice cream sandwich with brownie book ends! And so large that I only let Buddha tackle one part of it. . . I cannot wait to come back and try more off the menu! Oh did I mention that they give you free donuts at the end of your meal? I mean who can eat donuts after this kind of meal! But they are just as tasty the next morning! YUM!. . So impressed!
Oh man, Yelp did not disappoint me during a weekend trip to the Phoenix area with this place. First of all, they warm you up with free cornbread whilst you decide on what kind of grilled flesh you'd like to consume; it's served with a side of butter but TOTALLY not needed...the cornbread is warm, soft, and buttery as it is. . . On to the main stuff - promove if there's just two of you dining would be the Whole Hog Heaven deal for $38: pick from two meats off of a list of four (the ladyfriend and I picked the beef brisket and sausage), two rib selections out of three (we rolled with the beef ribs and St. Louis-style), and three sides from their list (went with grilled veggies, mac and cheese, and shoestring fries). The brisket had that wonderful, beefy flavor - tender and moist on this particular occasion. Sausage was sausage; nothing spectacular. The beef ribs were good; they were decently sized and definitely meaty. However, we enjoyed the St. Louis-style ribs;these too weren't the pinnacle of ribdom, but these were also tender and delicious. As for the sides: grilled veggies - good, wish we had more; shoestring fries - they were fries; mac and cheese - too cheesy.. . Why five stars? Great service, great deal for the amount of food we got, and, as many have noted, WARM DONUTS BEFORE YOU LEAVE. We didn't know about that part until we passed on dessert and received the check. If you feed me a good meal for a good price and give me a fresh treat at the end...well, you're a winner in my book.
Great BBQ! the Babyback ribs, just fall off the bone! The place had a great atmosphere, great service and great food. Would highly recommend!
we went to bobby q's a couple of weeks ago. they have amazing bbq! we got the  sampler and enjoyed it very much! we happen to sit right in front of their large chicken rotisserie. they smelled amazing! we will try that next time. we can't wait to go back! amazing food!
I was born and raised in Texas, so I have been searching for good barbeque in Arizona since I got here a couple years ago.  This place is the real deal, and SO much better than the crappy chains like Dickey's.. . I came in for lunch last week and got a cup of the ham and bean soup to start with.  It was yummy!  Delicious broth, plenty of thinly sliced ham.  I also ordered the sampler lunch of baby back ribs, barbeque chicken, and spicy sausage, with a baked potato as the side.  The ribs were heavenly, I didn't even bother to pick them up because the meat just fell right off the bone so I used a fork.  Perfect with zero gristle.  The sausage was pretty good, a little dry but nothing to frown about.  The chicken was okay, but barbeque chicken isn't really my thing, I only ordered it for variety because I didn't want three pork dishes.  The corn bread that comes on the side is pretty good, it's very light, somewhat sweet and falls apart as you pick it up.  The baked potato was alright.. . Coming for lunch here is definitely the better deal,  the three meat sampler was maybe $12 (sorry I can't remember for sure) and came with one side plus cornbread.  The three meat sampler at dinner is $21 with the same amount of food except you get an extra side.  Pretty criminal if you ask me.  So even though the bartenders at dinner are really lovely, I'd rather come in for lunch and pay half the price for the same amount of food.. . As a bonus they also give you a paper bag of fresh mini cinnamon-sugar donuts with the check, although good luck finding room for them!
Amazing. Definition of BOTH, melts in your mouth AND falls off the bone. Wish I would've tried it sooner.
Wow.  Best macaroni and cheese I've had outside of Chicago's south side.
OK, I must admit, I miss this place. This place has got to be my holy grail restaurant for BBQ and I used to bring all my friends from California to this place and they all LOVED IT. I haven't found any restaurant like this in Northern California. Oh the yummy BBQ with the meat that falls right off the bones, how I miss you!!!!! Definitely a place to hit up if you're around the area!!
Incredible BBQ. Not nearly as good as Bryan's Black Mtn BBQ in Cave Creek, but 2nd best in Phoenix.
Great que.  I have lived in Oklahoma and Texas and Bobby Q is up there with the best of them.
Wow! Some great barbecue at this place. It's a bad time to reminisce about the meal I had because I am hungry right now. I only wish the potato salad was more flavorful. Dessert, meal cornbread was all ridiculously delicious.
This place is seriously just...AMAZING. The staff treats everyone with the utmost respect, everyone is extremely friendly, & the food is just magnificent. Seriously...just go. Just go there right now. Stop reading this & GO.
This is my first time in this place. I was looking to take my family for the sunday's lunch and we wanted a texan food. Our first option closes in sundays, so we picked this place with no higher expectatives. I was completely wrong:. . All the staff was friendly. They set up a table for us in a minute, the place gave me a good first impression. Since we have 3 kids (1,3 & 5 yo) we selected the typical brisket and susage with sides (grill veg, mac & cheese and potato with bacon) My wife and I shared the orders witht the kids. All the orders were served in less than 10 minutes. . . Honestly I was expecting to pay close to $ 50, my suprise was that all this costs 31, I put down an extra tip for all the good service, food and the place itself. . . I score 5 stars for this place.
Love this place.  Ate at Booby Q Friday night.  It was busy but we were seated promptly.  Service was excellent and the food arrived quickly.  The steak was excellent.  This place has great management and staff.  It is no wonder it is consistently busy.. . Highly recommended.
I will definitely come back to this place again. I LOVE their BABY BACK ribs. Don't get the St. Louis style ribs unless you're the type that like lots of meat and less fat on your ribs.  Their ribs are juicy and tender. Their Strawberry lemonades are also very tasty. . Our waitress was so nice and always checking up on us. She was also very helpful in giving tips on which ribs to get. . I love the free cornbread and the donuts when you leave. :)
I love this place.  Ive been coming here since it was Bobby Mcgees, but now I can't go home after work without coming to my favorite spot to have "supper."  The very best thing about this place is not only the awesome food (in all these years I've NEVER had a bad meal) but the people who work here.  Ciara, Anthony and Jo are AMAZING.  You'd be hard pressed to find a spot like this where the minute you walk in, they are waiting for you and remember what you drink; it's like being at home, only better.  I suggest the smokehouse burger (heaven in your mouth) and the brisket and filet mignon, all incredible.  IF for some reason your meat isn't cooked as you like it, they make it right, no questions.  In the many years I've been coming here I have NEVER met a rude server/bartender.  Ciara knows her way around the bar and can handle it when ya three people deep with such sweet charm as she explains your "supper" options.  Anthony knows what you drink and if he's having a bad day you'll never know it.  Jo is just plain sweet but when it comes to her customers, you are top priority.  Word of advice, anyone can go down the street to Texas Roadhouse and watch a bunch of fools dancing on peanut shells and screaming at you over the horrible music, I come here because of the food, but mostly because of the incredible servers.  Don't screw them on their well deserved tips, they work VERY hard to please everyone here.  Belly up to the bar, or grab a cozy booth, either way you'll leave pleasantly full and happy.
Solid BBQ. Service is efficient and the food is delicious. Love the Mac & Cheese. Usually have the pulled pork sandwich but I've also had the beef brisket and its terrific also. Plenty of parking and a good location make this a west side favorite.
We've been to Bobby Q's many times and it's always been a great experience. Everything we've eaten here has been delicious, the services is exceptional, the prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is great too. My husband loves the Baby Back ribs and usually sticks to that. But I like try something different each time. On our most recent visit I had a Ribeye steak and it was delicious. Perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful. Our server, Lindsey, was very friendly, efficient, and accommodated all of our special requests. Our food was served quickly and exactly as ordered. We like to take our family and friend's to Bobby Q's too, because we know there will be something on the menu to please everyone. Bobby Q's is one of our favorite places for dining out.
My first experience here was half good, half bad, and we left a comment card to reflect that.  The response I received was customer service at it's best.  The proprietor sent me a letter of apology along with a small gift card to replace the one item we had that wasn't terrific.  . I've now been going back for 3 years on a regular basis thanks to his response and attention to service.  EVERY time since the first has been exceptional.  From the food to the service to the beer - for singles, couples, and families - this place has the menu to make you drool.  It has even become my visiting friends "must eat at" restaurant in Phoenix.  . Favorite items so far are the juicy steaks or baby back ribs, and the melt in your mouth sweet cornbread.  YUMMMMMMMMMM
Probably the best BBQ place I've ever eaten at and this includes Phil's BBQ in San Diego.. . I ordered the Whole Hog Heaven and everything was perfect. Love the BBQ sauce, the ribs (even the beef) were fall-off-the-bone. The sides were great as well. Lots of food for the money.. . Service was very friendly and even the manager was checking up on us.. . The interior and exterior of the restaurant are also very nice.
The brisket was amazing and service perfectly executed.  Each visit has been consistently good and I would suggest them to anyone needing a BBQ fix in Phoenix.  The ribs and Q-Roll appetizers (a brisket egg roll kinda thing) are so worth a try.  Other than location, I dare say theirs nothing negitive about the place.  I personally didn't care for the banana sub-zero dessert and I'm not even sure why its called so since all it seemed was jello mixed with banana pudding.  That's just my preference though since others seemed to like it. . . So I guess it would be fair to say, I love Bobby Q's...that said; I sure would like to see an option put on the menu where one could choose their steak hand-cut to order so I'd have the chance to get larger steaks. Perhaps a charge per ounce option maybe? A 32oz Strip, Sirloin, or even prime rib would be insanely assume!. . A manager did kindly let me know a larger steak would be possible if I called ahead and that they'd be happy to have my dream steak custom cut and waiting with advance notice.  While I nearly squealed in hearing her say so, I just don't plan ahead like, so I'll probably never experience this. . Everything else at BQ's so far (6 visits and counting) has been aca-ausume and  I'll be back time and time again since I now dream of that darn brisket!
Top-notch BBQ all-around!
Excellent BBQ. The baby back ribs, awesome Mac & Cheese and great service by Austin will keep me coming back.
Simply incredible! A definite MUST for anyone visiting Phoenix. The Q rolls are delicious, the cornbread nearly melts in your mouth--as do the complimentary donuts at the end of the meal (taste like funnel cake!!) Our table shared the brisket & the Hog Heaven ( we chose STL ribs, baby back ribs, pulled pork, rotisserie chicken, Mac n cheese, shoestring fries & potato salad) while everything was delicious, the brisket & pulled pork are by far the BEST we have ever had---like EVER!! Special kudos to our server, Tyler, who kept us happy & even had patience with my kids requests!!  Only sad we don't live in Phoenix to visit more often!!
LOVE this place! Best barbecue around! Two meat combo with brisket and pulled pork is awesome. Mac and cheese is heavenly. So good i can never bring myself to order anything different! Went in yesterday for Valentines tradition with my hub, and Zac was our server - I guess its his second week there, but he was a pro! Great service, great atmosphere, and killer food! What more can you ask for? Id give this place a hundred stars if i could. :)
Love this place! Everything I've had has been absolutely delicious! Go see Sawyer she is an awesome server!! :) and dont forget to get the Mac n cheese! Best I've ever had!!!
Delicious food, great service and good atmosphere I haven't been this impressed with a restaurant in a long time.
My fiance and I loved our meal here: we would say overall 4.5 but rounded up. Our server Zac was fabulous! He did not miss a beat. Loved the cornbread. The fiance loved the Q-rolls but they weren't my jam. We shared the 3 meats combo. They were out of sausage so we split the brisket, pork (my favorite), and ribs (his favorite).  It was so nice of them to provide us with 2 plates with all of the meats split so we could sample everything. I also tried the mango margarita which was fabulous and the perfect bite and sweetness. I loved the creaminess of the mac but the fiance wasn't too impressed. Shoestings delivered but were nothing special. Overall, I was very happy and we left with leftovers. The churro spiced light donuts were also fabulous. I just love the feel of this place.
In town for spring training with my dad and uncle. A+ BEST RESTAURANT in Phoenix ! And we tried most of them! We stayed at the inn place motel and it's only a mile down the road. Friendly staff Vanessa   Was our waitress and she was so nice and helpful. Struck up conversation and actually made us feel right at home! . They have a full bar and lounge for night life but we dined in I got the brisket platter (smoked for 18hrs ) and it was delicious!!!! So juicy and flavorful, came with 2 sides I got creamy mashed potatoes and shoe string fries both tasted hot n fresh not frozen or microwaved like most restaurants potato products. During our (short) wait after ordering we were served fresh made from scratch corn bread and got another basket without having to ask. A few rounds of beers/drinks and we were stuffed and completely happy. . . . UPDATE: We went back! Our last night and this was the only place we wanted to be at. Our server was  Sarah  And she was friendly fast and had refills out without asking I got the same order (plain and simple) and if possible it was BETTER than the first time! . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO SPRING TRAINING CROWD . . No wait weeknights . About $20 outthe door meat entree 2 sides drink tip tax . Free refills . Country/lounge dark environment with mood lighting couple TVs
I was always hesitant to open my heart to this restaurant because (a) it has about the worst name they could have possibly chosen, and (b) it gets a lot of hype, but now that I work right across the street, I *have* to try it.. . My first visit, I went with a tried-and-true classic, and something most people could probably agree is a barbecue bellwether: pork ribs.. . Along with the ribs, I had their slightly disappointing lemonade (their beverage selection is quite weak for a barbecue place) and the beans on the side.  The beans were at an acceptable level of quality for a good barbecue place.  The ribs, however, shined.  Melt-in-your-mouth tender, these ribs were smoky and tasty, and the meat just falls off the bone.  You don't even need to pick these up; you can use your fork if you wish.. . Of course, I couldn't issue a verdict on a place like this after just one visit.  I went back, and this time for the smokehouse burger cooked medium rare, with shoestring fries.  I don't usually order burgers at barbecue places, but I heard good things about this burger.  And boy, did it live up to expectations.  I am not usually a fan of barbecue sauce on my burgers, but this one really worked.  Part of it was the crispy onion straws, and part of it was the fact that the cook was very close to the mark on the meat temperature.. . The meat wasn't particularly lean, so it is a burger you can probably order medium and still have plenty of moisture left.. . The fries were also tasty, and were a perfect complement for this burger.. . Now, one thing I am not a fan of is the ambiance.  It doesn't seem to have that rustic feel that you usually expect from a barbecue joint; this place seems just a tad too upscale, if that makes sense.  But I cannot deny that they make some great food here.  One could make the case that, despite their horrible moniker, Bobby Q serves up the best barbecue in the Phoenix area.
This place needs a sixth star.  I'm impressed every step of the way.  Polite and helpful on the phone, personable and prompt waiters, perfectly portions cooked to perfection.  I've been to every BBQ place within 10 miles of home and I was very happy to have found Bobby Q's at 9 miles out.
This place was so good! We ordered the dish that came with a combo of three meats and three side dishes. The meats we got were beef ribs, st.louis ribs, and sausage. I love beef ribs so much and restaurants don't always have them. Not only do they have beef ribs they are to die for. They are the best I've had in my life! They were incredibly tender and flavorful. The st.louis ribs were also super tender and flavorful. The sausage was good but, we probably should have got more ribs because those ribs are just so awesome. The atmosphere is very nice. The staff was very attentive and nice. Oh and the best part is that it is cheap. Our bill came out to like 50 bucks which is very good because I'm used to spending at least 70 at any BBQ restaurant.
We try to make it for at least one meal each time we visit Arizona. This time, it was on St. Patties day, for a larger party, also celebrating a birthday. We didnt have to wait long at all for them to get our table ready. The server also had alot of fun making sure we were able to have "green beers" we were hopeing to celebrate with. The Sunday BBQ special with all the diffrent cuts of meat, enough for at least 2 (if not more) to share was great, and plenty to go around, at an extremely reasonable price. Everyone was full, and very happy. Like always, good food at the right price. The fresh, made in house donut holes to top off the meal are always looked forward to, and will return everytime we visit.
Awesome place!! The outside patio was great and the food even better. I had the baby back ribs they were perfection fall off the bone. My gf had the rotisserie chicken and she couldn't stop eating. We'll definitely be back!!
I had such good food here tonight, holy cow!  I came here at the last minute because I was stuck in the house all day today, and needed to get out and eat something.  I decided to come here, and even though it's not my first time, it's probably the best BBQ I've had in a while.. . When I first moved here, I used to drive by this place a lot, but being that I lived on the East side for many years, I was to lazy to come here since it was .  Boy,what a to far!. . Man, this place was packed tonight!  I had to circle the parking lot like twice just to get a parking space! once inside, I was seated almost immediately at the bar.  After looking over the menu, I went with the Brisket sandwich with mashed potatoes. It came out right away, and man, was it good! . . Service was awesome, especially since it was so busy. The bathrooms were pretty cool with big steel sinks and pretty hand soap containers. I will say, I don't get the club thing attached to Bobby Q's, but there was a ton of people in there. I noticed it when I came in, but saw a lot of people in there when I went to the restroom.  They had a sign up with a dress code, and I'm not real sure what that's about, but seemed interesting enough.
Best BBQ in all of Phoenix!
This restaurant has the best Baby Back Ribs and Mac& Cheese in town.. Our server, Tyler, was excellent with his service.  He knew what to expect from us and when to expect them.  I rate this establishment 5 stars with the quality of food and service.
Great home style cooked food and friendly staff. Has a great atmosphere, that is perfect for families or a romantic date. Great restaurant highly recommend it.
My friends and I were visiting Phoenix for Spring Training and staying at a near by hotel. As none of us were in a state to drive but desperately needed dinner we decided to check out Bobby Q. We were definitely worried about what we were getting ourselves into given the neighborhood surroundings but once we walked through the doors of Bobby Q we were pleasantly surprised.. . The menu was incredible. Every BBQ option under the sun. All meals started with some great corn bread. The beer selection was phenomenal! We ordered a bunch of different things on the menu and loved every single one. Personally I had the rib combo plate and enjoyed every bite. My one regret was ordering the baked beans as one of my sides. It wasn't bad but just seemed average in comparison to everything else. Definitely get the mac and cheese!. . This was definitely the best surprise of our trip and we will definitely be heading back next year!
OH my is all I have to say!  The food here was the best!  If I lived in Phoenix I would be in trouble cause I would be here all the time!  Wait staff was friendly also.
Outstanding ribs and great atmosphere.  My new favorite BBQ
Bobby Q is now my favorite restaurant in Phoenix after my first visit.   The atmosphere was rustic, fun, and barbequey, the food was awesome, and the service was attentive.   I had the pulled pork and brisket...wonderful.   The mac and cheese side was certainly the best mac and cheese I've ever had...super thick, rich and smooth.  The bill for 2 with 2 beers and one premium cocktail was $50...AWESOME value!  Super highly recommended!!!
The best rib eye in town!  And at a extremely reasonably price.  Their mac and cheese is amazing. Service was friendly and prompt.  And to-die-for-donuts!!  We also like the bar area for a Saturday lunch and watch whatever ball game is on....in cozy booths. Oh, and the corn bread!  Yummy.  As far as the neighborhood, it's always been known that the best places to eat in any city are off-the-beaten-path.....not in the touristy part....and BobbyQ's is a great example!  Go. Enjoy.
First time visiting on a Sunday evening and this place is packed! We ordered the Hog Heaven family meal offered on Sunday only. Austin was our awesome, and kind server.  He told us a brief history of this place. We enjoyed our dinner here. Will return for sure!
What a great BBQ dinner. We ordered the Hog Heaven and bread with queso dip, and both were spot on. The Hog heaven was enough for 3-4 people and with just the 2 of us, we ended up taking a lot of leftovers and enjoyed them a lot for the next few days. The grilled corn, coleslaw and mac and cheese went perfect with the BBQ. I liked the memphis more than the baby back (they were a bit on the dry side), and the chicken was super juicy. The surprise package was the sausage which my wife absolutely loved (she is not much of a sausage fan - so that says a lot). . . Definitely recommended if you're a local or visiting from out of town.
We were visiting in this area of Phoenix looking for a good dinner.  Well, we ended up with an even better dinner than we were looking for.  The atmosphere was great along with a superb wait staff.  The baby back ribs were fantastic along with the sides and peach cobbler.  This was a great choice and we will be coming back next time we are in town.
Decided to try the baby back ribs again...and, this time they were delicious!  Maybe the last time we were there, the cook put a little too much rub on them.  But, this time, they were like I always remembered.  Everything was delicious!. . Also, we had the BBQ chicken, and it's so amazingly juicy and flavorful.  Definitely the best BBQ chicken I've ever had.. . Just felt like doing a follow-up, since I'd had an issue with the ribs before.  Glad to know it was just a one-off.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, the name of this joint leaves something to be desired. I don't eat a lot of BBQ because most of the places in San Diego aren't very good. Man, did this place set the bar(bq) high for future BBQ spots.. . I had the half slab of spicy bbq ribs with potato salad and mac and cheese. The amount of food that they brought out could have fed three of me- I can't imagine how much food they give you with the full slab. The ribs were incredibly tender and fell right off the bone. The SAUCE was amazingly delicious. I can't even describe it other than that it was so good that I wanted to order a pitcher of it and pour it over everything. . . I am a total potato salad guy and this potato salad hit the spot. Perfect blend of ingredients. The Mac and Cheese was just otherworldy with the amount of delicious cheesey gooeyness that it was. All in all I think I gained 30 pounds just from eating half of the meal.. . Even if you don't order a dessert, they end your meal with some homemade mini doughnuts (yeah I spelled it out)! It's a perfect treat even if you have to take them home to eat them. Heat them back up before you do. . . I will definitely go back here next time I visit Phoenix.
I am writing this review primarily because of our waitress, Alyssa. . . So let me tell the story of our crazy mind blowing awesome service from Alyssa. I gave this place a 3/5 star before because honestly I had better bbq and the service was normal. And the sides here are really below par compared to other places.. . But the service we got is forcing me to give this place a 5/5 star (is that okay to do on yelp?). . Anyways, I was in  part of 16 people so tip was already included. Most places I've been to in large groups I had mediocre service since the tip was already included and I never gave incentive for the waiter/waitress to provide great service.. .      I will just point out some highlights of our experiences.. .      1) our glasses were never empty...or even half empty!. She was consistently filling our glasses like a ninja! Every time I reached for my cup, it was full!!. .      2) She gave honest opinions about the food and told us if she did not try it yet etc. But she told us the stuff she did try etc. Which was nice from the usual, "Oh yeah, everything here is great I like A through Z.". .      3) She automatically came back with more cornbread (I know that's not a big deal, but it always makes you feel like a freeloader when you ask "can I get more bread?" So it was nice to avoid that feeling.. .     4) She came back with the right enough of to go boxes for everyone without us asking. On top of that she brought mini to go containers with extra bbq sauce in it.. .     5) She was pleasant in a non awkward way. I had too many experiences where the waiter/waitress try too hard and it get's a little weird.. . Anyways, thank you Alyssa for being an awesome waitress. Someone in our group even wanted to write "you have a great future," on the receipt. But we soon realized that might come out as a backhanded compliment to a waitress.. . Regardless thanks for the great service.. . Oh yeah, the mac n cheese is hype. Same with the potato salad/cole slaw. The mash potatoes were good though.
Fast on refills, even provided a to-go cup when requested.. Ordered the 3 meat platter and received large portions.  Baby back ribs and brisket were tender.  Chicken was just a little dry in some areas.. Servers and cashiers coordinated very well for a party of ~20 people.  All food was delivered at approximately the same time.  Checks were split without problems.. Fresh, complimentarycinnamon doughnuts were super tasty.
I loved everything about this place.  It's not fine dining, but then it's BBQ.  Funky yet genuine decor with a touch of elegance here and there.  Very attentive staff.  We all had the Smokehouse burger since a burger was what were were after.  It was juicy and perfectly cooked with crunchy onions and bacon and cheese.  Pretty perfect when you want a heart stopper.  The waiter forgot to order our appetizer of onion block (or whatever they call it), which was a blessing since the burger was huge.  Still the manager showed up moments later to apologize for the oversight and offer us a free dessert.  I love those extra customer service touches.  If I lived in Phoenix, I'd go back here regularly.
This place is great! Meat falls off the bone and the mac n cheese and mashed potatoes are so yummy!
I stopped in for lunch during the work week. It is located not too far from my employer; however, I had never visited previously. Having lived in Atlanta for 12 years I enjoy barbecue, but have not found too many places in Phoenix that it well. My initial experience with Bobby Q was via catering at a work function. It was very good, especially for catered food and I added it to my mental list of places to try, but continually forgot to actually go. A few work friends were having a happy hour get-together and again I passed it up. Finally I went for lunch and was suddenly said that I have missed prior opportunities to go. . . I sat at a table in the bar area and the service was good. I had the sweet tea, which is a requisite for any good barbecue meal. The menu had several good looking items, but I went with the pulled chicken sandwich and a side of mac & cheese. The sandwich was excellent and I would put it right at the top of the Phoenix barbecue list. While the sandwich was great, the mac & cheese was phenomenal and I would rate it as the second best I have ever tried. I envisioned myself as David Blaine shackled into a phone booth filled with this mac & cheese and I had to eat my way out to survive. I win that battle my friend. I win that battle 9 times out of 10. And the doughnut things on the way out? Yes, please!. . I will most definitely be back. I may go with the chicken again or try another tasty item from the menu, but whatever I get it will come with a side of mac & cheese.
Bobby Q's catered our wedding and the food was absolutely awesome. I've also had their food at other catered events and it was equally awesome then, too. I've impressed that a BBQ-based company is so accommodating of vegetarian diets and that their vegetarian food is actually really good!. . We had a Mexican meal catered for our wedding. Our guests raved about the meats and I really enjoyed the enchiladas and guacamole. The servers were good, the food was excellent, they went the extra effort to match their buffet display to our wedding colors, and the cost was far more reasonable than most wedding meals. If it hadn't been my wedding, I would have stuffed myself silly on the food it was so good.. . I've also had the barbeque meal catering at a different event, and it was delicious! The servers were so accommodating as soon as they heard I was vegetarian (offering to grill up some other fare for me). The mac & cheese and biscuits were awesome.
My husband has been asking to eat at Bobby Q since we moved into our house in the north valley about 8 months ago.  We finally got around to it on his birthday last week.  On first entering, I felt like I was in a BBQ joint in Austin, TX.  The atmosphere was so Texan and down-home I might as well have been in Austin.  I ordered the special drink of the day, an adult Arnold Palmer.  One word:  AMAZING.  The lemonade they used really put it over the top.  So fresh and tart!  Everyone at our table was pleased with the abundance of meat and side items they received.  The icing on the cake was definitely the freshly fried mini cinnamon and sugar donuts they give you before you leave.  It's little touches like that that will beckon us to eat here again and again.
Baby back ribs & corn bread = Amazing 5/5.. Atmosphere = Splendiferous 4/5.. Hospitality = Friendly 4/5.
Let me just say that I have been a Yelp lurker for a long time and it was of Bobby Q's food that made me want to finally create an account and leave a review.. . I went in last Friday for lunch and the place looked great inside. Very classy interior and our server Jo was incredibly nice and provided us with great service (always refilling our drinks and asking if we needed anything).. . I ordered the 12oz sirloin steak which was delicious, as were the mashed potatoes that I got on the side.  My friend ordered a full rack of ribs (half St Louis, half baby back) and I tried some of it....and I have to say it was incredible. The meat was nice and soft and just melted in your mouth.. . I really can't think of any negatives about this place, especially when they brought 4 complimentary mini donuts to us on our way out.. . I will definitely be going here again and is well worth the money that you will spend there.
One of the best BBQ experiences I've had in a long time. Thanks for,the amazing food and terrific service.  Came from out of state and was here only a few hours, but I will go out of my way to eat here again.  Loved it.
Was in Phoenix visting from California, so we decided to check out Bobby Q restaurant since it was near our hotel (marriott). I was impressed by surprise.  I wasn't a big fan of the cornbread and my margarita but overall the food was good. Their Amble ale beer was good as well. Will return on my next visit
I can't tell you how many times my husband and I have been here. We moved here a little over a year ago and a colleague took him to try it. He came home raving about it until I agreed to try it. It's a fun atmosphere and we went for our first and second anniversaries. Last month we took our newborn son for his first visit :) We love that the manager always walks up to your table to make sure your visit is going well. They also have response cards (usually on the table, but not always) that you can fill out with when you were there and how your server was. That definitely shows that they really care about the service they are providing. Though it's almost always very busy, they have great service and the food comes out quickly and hot. Speaking of the food.. My husband is obsessed with their ribs and spicy BBQ sauce (he always asks for his own BBQ sauce bottle to have at the table) He also loves their burgers and swears that the Mac n cheese is the best in the world. When I go I get the steak sandwich. It's juicy steak cooked to perfection on garlic bread with sauteed mushrooms, au jus sauce, and fried onion strings on the side, incredible. But in saying that.. I always try to go on Saturdays because they have a steak and crab special for $18. Their crab is to die for! They place a candle on your table with a butter tray above it that's perfectly melted and warm. I also love their shoestring fries. They give you complimentary cornbread during your meal and a bag of little donut holes afterward. I love this place. We went here three weekends in a row one time (We had different things to celebrate each time and didn't want to go anywhere else!) I love their specialty drinks too. Like most specialty drinks, they aren't cheap.. But yummy. The shipwreck is my fav. If you like good food and good service, GO HERE!
Good BBQ west of Texas is simply hard to find. This is Tennessee style BBQ, slow cooked over Hickory. Definitely a carnivore spot!. . The Q Rolls are excellent with the Chipotle dressing. Also, I really like the avocado salad with brisket. They'll bring you a side of Salsa and the Chipotle dressing which when mixed provide a creative dressing v the house ranch. . . Service is great and the ambiance is very nice.
FANTASTIC! Not just the food either. Service was impeccable. The bartender, Jo, took care of us at a booth in the bar during happy hour and was superb. Not only was she incredibly friendly her knowledge of their menu was impressive!. . While we sat inside due to the heat they do have a fantastic patio that I'm sure fills up quick during the patio friendly time of year. Inside there is a bar area which includes a few booths as well as a large open area restaurant. . . We shared their brisket quesadilla off of the HH menu. It was very large and quite tasty. Brisket was very tender. They make their own guacamole which is served along side the quesadillla along with salsa and a bbq sour cream.. . I had the (award winning) Smokehouse burger and was not disappointed. It was very juicy and had great flavor to it. I'm not usually a fan of barbecue sauce on my burgers but this burger is definitely the exception! I chose the mac and cheese of my side and let me tell you, the best I've ever had! Don't tell my grandma I said that!  I'm talkin stick to your ribs good. I'm drooling right now just thinking about it.. . They also give you fresh baked donuts in your way out as a thank you. Warm and delicious, I will definitely be back.
Great atmosphere,  impeccable customer service,  fantastic food,  what more can you ask for? Even the manager on the floor stopped by each table to see how things are going.  10% off entire bill for first time yelp customers too. This place is a winner and I'll be back
Went to Bobbie Q for the first time and plan on returning.  Our server was Jo and she did an excellent job of informing us about the history of the place and answering questions about the menu.  The food was served quickly and it was the correct temperature.. . We enjoyed the cornbread as it had a hint of sweetness.  We had brisket and smoked chicken.  The sauce was very good.  Baby back ribs coming out of the kitchen looked meaty and delicious.  There is a smell of smokey meat before you enter the building that builds up your appetite.  Once inside, the decor is a pleasant surprise!  The manager did come to our table to ask about our experience and the complimentary mini donuts at the end of the meal were another pleasant surprise!  We'll be back!  This place ticks all the boxes.
OMG, best bbq in Phoenix, even better than Charleston's! Service was outstanding - Shea, our waitress, top notch, THE best! . It's an little off the beaten path, but SO worth it! . The fried cornbread is the best I've ever had, and I'm from the south. The pulled pork wasn't fatty, it was SO moist - had it replacing chicken on my salad and inhaled it 10x over ;-) My husband got the pulled pork sand - was awesome. And, let me say, I haven't had sweeeet tea like this since Texas - to die for!. Would go here again in a heartbeat. For best bbq, it's hands-down the best in the valley.
Delish. Try the mac and cheese!
Outstanding!. We tried this place basically on a whim.  I had just been browsing BBQ places on Yelp and saw that this one had a good rating and mostly good reviews.  I am so glad we decided to give it a try!  It was at an odd time, between lunch and dinner, so it was pretty empty when we were there. Let's see if I can break this down simply.... . Appearance. -Easily missed from the road, but good amount of parking. - Not that much to look at from the outside, but the inside was *very* surprising to me.  It was well done inside, and much nicer than expected.  Pretty nice restroom as well (and includes a changing table). . Service. - Friendly greeting at the door . - Attentive server who answered any questions we had. - All-around pleasant experience. . Food. Now this is where I have to try not to gush too much.  I'll review what we ate.... - Cornbread: a hockey-puck shape rather than a muffin or a loaf, very tasty, served with butter.  Even my husband who doesn't much care for cornbread enjoyed it.. - Q-Rolls:  I practically inhaled 3 of these before remembering I had more food coming.  I loved both the sauces that came with it (chipotle and bbq). - Smoked pulled pork platter:  HUGE portion!  I wasn't prepared for the size!  I chose fries and mac&cheese as my sides.  The fries were well seasoned and skinny, came with ketchup.  I wouldn't normally order mac&cheese, but I'd read good reviews about it... it did not disappoint!  The pulled pork itself, paired with the bbq sauce, was up there with some of the best I've had.  Moist, flavorful, not full of fat globs (always a complaint of mine), and with the sauce, it was fantastic.  I had to pack up more than half to bring home because there was so much.. - Pulled pork sandwich:  My husband's dish, with a side of mashed potatoes.  He enjoyed his pork as well, and said his mashed potatoes were good, but was unable to finish them because of all we'd eaten already.. - Lemonade:  My husband's drink.  He said that (happily) it was "real" lemonade, not the minute-maid kind.  Good!. - Sweet tea:  I usually love sweet tea, and this is no exception.. - I'm not sure what was put in our take-away bag with our leftovers as I can't identify it on the menu, but we were given a small baggie with some...I guess little cinnamon doughnuts?  Which...were also wonderful.. . Other. - Very reasonably priced for the quality and quantity of food you're given. . Overall. Fantastic!  The minute we got home, I called my parents to tell them they had to try this place the next time they were in town, and I let my friends know it's worth a try as well!  There is seriously not a negative thing I can think to say about this place.
Stopped by here while at Spring Training, food was delicious, will definitely be back for their BBQ! Service wasgreat too, very friendly :)
Great place. Top rating.  Cool restaurant, great vibes, friendly people, outstanding food and nice bar area. This is a can't miss.  Cornbread and awesome BBQ, brisket/ribs and mac n cheese that will blow you away.  Oh yeah, the "thank you donuts" - incredible.  Might as well order a dozen of those babys take my word for it! I found my sizzle here. Ask for Tiffany, she is awesome!!  See ya there.. . UPDATE: I ordered the hamburger there and FORGET ABOUT IT - THIS IS THE BEST BURGER IN THE STATE OF ARIZONA.  The staff here, in my opinion (aside from Hillstone which is equally as good) is the best you can find anywhere.. . Other restaurants should figure out how they hire people and pay them to figure it out.  I have been to hundreds and hundreds of restaurants across the United States, you won't find better.
We've gone to Bobby Q's several times over the past few years but this was the first time I was really compelled to write a review.  I went in for lunch today (on a Sunday) and much to my surprise they had a Sunday Feast special for $28.  It was 4 meats and 2 sides.  Phenomenal.  We had so much food left over we had to bring some home.  . . The service was really good.  Our server was training someone as well and my experience at other restaurants is that usually slows things down.  Not today.  Our Iced Tea's were always full.  The only complaint I had was that I was trying to watch a football game on the TV and one of the servers turned the TV away from the dining room and towards the host station so they could see it.  They should be aware it's not about them - it's about their customer.  It wasn't a big deal so I wasn't going to say anything but thought I'd throw that in here in case the owner is reading.  . . I still give it five stars today.  We will be back soon!
My husband and I ate here for dinner 8/10/13. This was not our first time eating here and it will not be our last time either. We love the smokehouse burger, best burger ever. And the potato salad is amazing. With the suggestion of the awesome server (Sierra) that we had, I ventured to the mac n cheese as my side. WOW! That mac n cheese is so freaking creamy and cheesy, but it is not over kill either. I still nibbled on my husbands potato salad, but I am such a fan of it that I could not resist. They alsohave cornbread here before the meals, now I do not like cornbread so it did take me a couple visits of my husband telling me to try it before I actually did, and now I am mad that it took me so long and look forward to it every time!! . The smokehouse burger is simply amazing! SO flavorful and juicy and deliciousness on a plate with bacon and cheese and BBQ sauce! LOTS of goodness all in one. . We have never had a bad experience here, everyone is always in such a good mood and so willing to be a team and help each other so when I say that Sierra was simply wonderful, I am also complementing the entire staff :) . Now for dessert....they bring out fresh house made (which everything here is house made) hot donuts! Save room because if you take them to go you are doing it wrong! YUM! I cannot wait to go back and eat there again.
Great BBQ! Thanks for the recommendation, yelpers!. . Austin (our server) gave us great suggestions. We had the baby back ribs, brisket, and Mac and cheese. All awesome!  . . Would definitely be back if I ever came through these parts again.
Great service.. Great atmosphere.. Amazing BBQ.. Probably one of the best! It's kind of a hidden treasure.. Don't let the street view fool you, as soon as you walk in, you'll find everything to be clean and the food fresh! GREAT place!
BBQ Brisket is amazing
I was in Phoenix for a NASCAR race earlier this year and went to this place. Wow, I don't know where to start!!! Our waitress Stacy or maybe staci was awesome!!! All of the food was amazing but you must try the q rolls!!!!
Best pit BBQ
The restaurant had a comfortable but classy kind of country charm.  There was a nice size bar area and people seemed to be having a good time watching the game on the two large flatscreen televisions.  The regular dining area was a large room with several smaller areas off of the large area.  There was a mixture of square, rectangular and round wooden tables and chairs.  While we were there I saw the staff moving some tables together to create dining for a large group of people.  The lighting was low, more like a bar setting, but adequate.  We had reservations, via Open Table & the Yelp app, and were seated immediately.  . . Our server was friendly and attentive.  We ordered two Strawberry Q'ladas, a strawberry flavored Pina Colada, off the speciality drink menu.  We got our drinks then he took our order and food was at our table about 15 minutes later.  The drinks were very good, but we both wished they packed more booze.  The cornbread was brought to our table after our drinks but before our meal.  Both grandkids had to have some right away.  Both gobbled down their pieces and probably would have asked for more if they could have gotten away with it.  . . The Baby Back Ribs were outstanding; falling off the bone the way they are supposed to be but hard to get just anywhere these days.  I also had the Pecan Cole Slaw and fortunately for me, the pecans were sprinkled on top so I could scoop them off and eat the rest of the really good slaw.  The Ranch Beans were pretty unusual.  I have not tasted anything quite like them.  My wife said they had cinnamon in them but there were a bit too spicy for me so I shoved them off on my grandson, the "fire eating kid."  But I enjoyed what I had already eaten.  The cornbread was good but I really liked the super thin french fries I kept stealing off my granddaughter's kid burger meal plate.. . My wife had the 8 oz Sirloin Steak and Baked Potato.  She asked that the steak be medium well and it was.  It appeared to be larger than 8 oz.  The potato wasn't as good as the steak; it could have been a little hotter.  It also came with a few thin onion straws that were a nice little surprise.  Before we left, we were surprised with some warm little donuts to take with us.  They were rolled in cinnamon and sugar and were just the right end to a delicious meal.. . I asked the server if there was any chance the owners would open a location in Tucson because we would definitely be regulars.  But sadly, according to our server, both the owner and his kids are retirement age and the likelihood of a Tucson location appears to be extremely slim.
The Best BBQ Ribs restaurant I ever been to, hands down.  Love this place!!!  If I had a lot of money and time I would drive all the way from Glendale, CA to Glendale, AZ every month just to come to this place.  Think about opening up a new restaurant here in LA.  You would be welcome!!  Love you guys.  Great service, lovely decor, fantastic and mouth watering food.  Fall off the bone tender meat.  The side dishes were outstanding and well prepared with excellent recipes.  They were so tantalizing, fresh and plentiful.  Don't forget to grab a strawberry lemonade (Hold the sugar on the rim, though---Sugar Overload!!!!).
I must say this BBQ restaurant is great. I just moved here from Cali and I was feeling sad because that means no homemade Que for the holiday. I looked this place up and I'm glad I visited. Great customer service and the food was all yummy!!!
Our group had a wonderful lunch experience. Melissa was a great server, meeting our needs before we asked. The food came out quickly. The food was hot and flavorful.  Definitely will return.
Ridiculously good! The food was amazing, the service was great and it has a really fun atmosphere! The donuts they give u at the end of your meal are fantastic (and free!). I'd recommend this place to everyone!
This place has some of the best barbecue food I have ever eaten. The meats were delicious, cornbread and corn were phenomenal. The manager came by to make sure we were having a good experience. The wait staff was very attentive and friendly. Special kudos goes to Patrick and Kody who were not only excellent at their job, but very easy on the eyes. I will definitely be going here again and make sure to ask for Patrick, you will not be disappointed.
So we've run the gamut of dining opportunities here at Bobby Q's - Lunch, Dinner, Take away.  And each and every time, H-E-A-V-E-N on a plate.  Service is prompt but not rushing.  Nice without being pretentious.   Casual and welcoming atmosphere.  And the food - simply yummy.    If you have the kidlins with you, they have plenty of kid friendly foods.  It's a great place and we've never been disappointed!
Food and service, xlnt.  Eat here.
Updating to add I've now brought more family to this restaurant. I've spent quite a while talking this place up, and thankfully it did not disappoint!. My aunt thoroughly enjoyed her baked potato with pork, my mother enjoyed her brisket sandwich, husband enjoyed his steak, uncle liked his pulled pork, and I was not disappointed by my beef brisket platter. Portions are great and the taste is amazing. . We had q rolls and queso dip to start. I already knew I loved the q rolls, and while I liked the dip, it wasn't stellar (to me). My husband liked it though. . My toddler got chicken tenders with fries and seemed to enjoy it, though she liked the bread from the queso dip more. . I loved the Mac and cheese again, though my mother said it's not as good as her sister-in-law's...which I haven't tried, so I still love this one. . I also tried the ranch beans. While they were pretty good, they're not my favorite. Some seemed undercooked. My husband thought the same. . . Nobody had room for sweets, so that's my goal next time!
Great food, great service and a great price. We will be going back again.
I am very impressed with this spot the ribs were outstanding the coleslaw was perfect and the Mac and Cheese was incredible. I cannot wait to go back and try more food there. Austin our server was great he checked on us all throughout the evening. If you have a chance to try this place don't cheat yourself treat yourself to some good eatin'!!!!!
A gem in the Phoenix area for good smoked BBQ. My favorite is the Sunday's Whole Hog combo to share with three. The smoked prime rib here is also a treat. I love the corn bread while you wait!
the mai tai is the BEST!!!. the mach and cheese omg is to die for so thick and creamy super cheesey. everything on the menu is just pure bliss.
We've been here twice and the food is amazing! My son is a picky eater and he loved the chicken tenders and French fries. First time I just had the Caesar salad and my husband got their famous burger. He talked me into having a bite of his and it was the best burger I've ever had.    . The second visit, we got the family dinner. We got baby back ribs, beef ribs, pulled pork, beef brisket, Mac n Cheese, potato salad, and fries. They bring you corn bread when you sit down. All of it was delicious. I was really surprised. They give you some donuts when you leave. The service was good and the food is great. You won't be disappointed here. We will go back often :)
Off the beaten path and the looks are deceiving.   Food and service was awesome.  Ribs were awesome along with service from Ashleigh.
Best BBQ in Phoenix.  Jessica our waitress was friendly and very helpful.  A clutch go to dinner where service and food is amazing.
This is our second time here.  This place was just as good as the last time we were here.  It started with our waiter Rishad.  He was nice and very quick.  He made sure we left the restaurant satisfied.  Even his manager came by to see if we were enjoying the experience.. . The meal started with their Q-Rolls.  Seasoned beef brisket with a BBQ dipping sauce and a chipotle dip.  They are always great.. . Aggie ordered Smoasted chicken (smoked. & roasted) with BBQ.  Her sides were Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes.  She enjoyed it very much.. . I ordered Beef brisket with Ranch Beans and mashed potatoes.  It was very, very good.  I enjoyed every bit.  . . Mikaela ordered the Kid's Cheeseburger with fries.  I took a bit of her cheeseburger, and the beef tasted better than anything from other burger places.  I couldn't believe it.  . . To drink, Mikaela ordered their sweet tea (best I have tasted from any restaurant), and Aggie and I ordered Frosted Lemonades.  They were tart and sweet, and sugar coated the glass.  That was a nice touch.. . We will definitely come back here.  It is just epic!
I went to booby q and Austin was the best server ever no joke
I don't have to write a long review to say that this is the best BBQ I've ever had!!! Even going out of state and trying other BBQ places...Bobby Qs is still #1.
Bobby Q's is probably one of the best places we ate when we were in the Phoenix area.  The only real downside was the location; it's a bit difficult to get to, but well worth the drive and the few minutes we were lost in traffic.. . Our waiter started by asking if we'd ever been there before, and offered some suggestions to get us started.  He brought back cornbread for us (and didn't charge us), and we ordered the Q-rolls (which I highly recommend).. . We drank the Pilsner option, which was delicious.  From reading prior reviews, the three of us decided to go with the brisket meals/sandwiches, which were delicious.  We also ordered the pecan coldslaw, which our waiter informed us (when he brought the meals) that it would be out in a few minutes.  Earlier, I had noticed a woman going table to table, speaking with many customers; she ended up checking in with us and introduced herself as the manager.. . The coldslaw came out maybe a minute after our meals were served, so it really wasn't a big deal.  . . The meal was very delicious, and we were incredibly full from the large portions.  For the lateness of the coldslaw, we were offered a free desert.  We ordered a piece of mud pie and it was gigantic; it took all 3 of us to put this piece away.  And then, while we were waiting for our check, the manager came over with powdered donuts for us to take home, again apologizing for the coldslaw.. . This place was amazing, the food was amazing, and the service was even better.  I  highly recommend this place to everyone.
Catering or pick up to go is a much better deal if you have a lot of people (15+).  Same amazing BBQ.
The BBQ is pretty darn good.  I had the 3 meat combo and the 2 standouts were the St. Louis Ribs and brisket.  Mac and cheese is a must for your side dish.   . . Also, a big shout out to Chelsea for providing exceptional, enthusiastic service and for recommending the Q Rolls as an appetizer.  They were life changing.
Not just great food.  But great service.  We were seated quickly, never wanted more than a minute for anything... And our water glasses were always full.  Also, great brisket and ribs.... Sausage was so/so in my opinion.  Mac and cheese was great.  And the doughnuts at the end are just the perfect touch.  Will return.
Food was amazing. Our sever Chelsea was one of the best waitresses we ever had. Always asked if we needed anything, kept drinks topped off, funny, and very polite. Atmosphere, service, great food.....hard to find that trifecta in any restaurant. Definitely will be back!
Omg this was awesome! The only thing missing is tri tip. If they started smoking that, mmm... Mmm. They would have it made! Chelsea was our waitress. She was amazing. So funny and on top of her game! I would absolutely come here again and ask for her again!
I loved the environment and everyone who worked there was super nice. The q rolls were recommended by our server Chelsea and they were "life changing". Me and my friends ordered the whole hog and it was more than enough food. I would recommend this restaurant for anyone who is looking for a new place to have dinner.
THE BEST BBQ EVER! flew in w/my husband just for a few days to go see the UNASHAMED tour at GCU & we stayed at the residence inn & saw this place right next door!! You definitely need a reservation, but if you're ever visiting Phoenix this is a must if you love BBQ ! & they had these cute little "to-go nuts" they give you when you leave that basically are churro-like donuts !! SOO bomb !!
I read good things about this BBQ restaurant from Yelp and decide to give it a try while I was in the area.  The food was excellent, customer service was awesome as well, I would highly recommend this place, if you are in town.    Our waitress was Chelsea and she was excellent to check in on us every 10 minutes and we were also checked on by the manager lady and she was also very nice and wanted to make sure everything was okay.  Between myself, wife and a daughter, we have decided to try their "Hog Heaven"  and their Q roll.  We chose, baby back, St. Louis rib, brisket, chicken then mac & cheese, pecan coleslow and potato salad. They were all excellent, especially the free corn bread.  Chelsea the waitress had enough sense to bring us the free miniature donuts along with our bills, when we didn't even ask for them.  All in all, this was one of my best experience at a BBQ joint. The bill came out to around $80 for food and couple of beers on tap,  which is very reasonable. This is a must go place, if you are into BBQ!
Everything was great from the Mac and cheese, corn bread, mini donuts, the meal itself and especially the service!
This was my second time here. Last time I had the three meat combo, mac & cheese,  and beans. Oh! My! Thought it couldn't get any better. This time I went for the smoked prime rib. It was soooo good! The smokey flavor is deeelicious!!! The mac & cheese was almost as good as what I make at home! Super tasty cornbread! And the mini donuts make a perfect summation of an awesome meal. The service Nathan provided was outstanding!  If you are ever even remotely nearby, this place offers a wonderful dining experience that you will enjoy.
Really enjoyed the steak , and Nathan was an excellent server.  Second visit in two weeks.  Look forward to returning when business brings me back this way.  Only complaint (?) is that portions are too large for someone with no self control.
I have had great barbeque and I put this place up with Jack Stacks(KC) and Memphis bbq co. This place is right up there. There baby backs are the standard to which I rate everything else. There is no reason to go anyplace else.
Holy Moly... This place is amazing! I used to live in Missouri, and this BBQ is right on par with the midwest. From beginning to end, this meal was fantastic. We had the platter with different meat choices and everything was so good. The baby back ribs were falling off the bone, and they had so much flavor! Every side was amazing as well. They end it off with some delicious little donuts that are complimentary. This place is my go to now for BBQ.
Looking for one of the best BBQ placed in town this is one of them. Everything I have had hasn't disappointed me yet. Still the mac and cheese has to be the favorite.
It is hard to find a place with good food and good service but Bobby Q delivers both. Clara was our server and she was possibly the best waitress we ever had anywhere. We had the Q-rolls which were like large taquitos with the tenderest brisket inside.   You get 6 and it is large enough for a meal. We also shared the lunch combo plate with baby back ribs, St. Louis ribs, and pulled chicken. It is obvious they don't boil their ribs like other places. They claim to slow smoke them for at least 18 hours and I believe it. We had the Mac and cheese for a side and it was creamy and the noodles were just right and not mushy. The only thing I wasn't thrilled with was the banana cream pie. It was tasty and the crust was delicious, but the consistency was odd. I highly recommend this place for BBQ.
I stopped in with a party of 6 last week and had a great experience.  It was a Tuesday night so we were seated right away.  Our server Chelsea took great care of us giving great recommendations from beer, to appetizers, to entrees.  I had the 3 meat plate with the baby back ribs, brisket and pulled pork with sides of pecan coleslaw and roasted veggies. I had to stop myself from finishing it because my taste buds were taking priority over my hunger.  I was happy I did because I had a great lunch to take to work the next day.  The warm cinnamon mini donuts were a welcome addition on the way out as always!
Highly recommend this place. They have great food andthe service is always awesome. Jessica helped us tonight and was very on top of things and great with the kids!!
Some of the best BBQ in the valley. Whole hog heaven was awesome and our server sawyer anticipated our needs perfectly.
This is my reliable date night restaurant especially when in the mood for good BBQ. Experiences have always been fantastic that have led my fiance and I will be to book Bobby Qs for our rehearsal dinner. . . Considering our last visit and how busy it was our waitress Ashlynn was incredibly hospitable and everything exceeded our already high expectations.
Phillip was great and helped us so much for our first time here! All the food was great!! Highly recommend the Mac and cheese!!!
The Mac n Cheese tho... to die for and the service was very pleasant. Best spot for lunch
Awesome food!! My one and only spot for BBQ!! I am basically addicted! Our waitress Chelsea was awesome! Very curious  and charming! Ask for her when you come!
We have been here twice and both times the food and service were outstanding. Jessica and Jo were friendly, knowledgeable and efficient. These qualities in wait staff are a credit to great management. We have tried BBQ from one side of the country to the other. This has been some of the best beef brisket.  It was so tender and juicy.  If you want a variety, the whole hog is the way to go.
We were visiting friends from Texas and were in desperate need of some legit BBQ.. . Ambiance - Unlike most BBQ places, this place was SUPER clean.. . Service - We had a reservation and got seated right away. Jessica was also super friendly and recommended the Sunday family feast, which came out super fast.. . Food - The Sunday family feast included 1/2 St. Louis ribs, 1/2 pound of brisket, 1/2 pound of pork and 1/2 of a chicken +2 sides and cornbread! All for $20 a person.. . Things that REALLY stood out:. 1) Q rolls were perfectly crispy rolls of yummy brisket!. 2) Cornbread was unlike any other cornbread I've had. 3) Chicken wasn't dry at all and had really good flavor!
Best BBQ in Phoenix, hands down.. . Great ribs and brisket, especially. The donuts are good when they are fresh, and usually are.. . Service has never been an issue here, but never over-the-top stellar - but that's okay in a casual BBQ joint. . . Keep it up!
Excellent food and great service!!. One of the best BBQ joints I've ever been to! Brisket was to die for and baby back ribs were falling off the bone.. Yummy Mac n' cheese and tasty beans!. Will definitely go again if in the Phoenix area!!
This is Arizona's best kept secret. Yelp helped us find this place and the reviewers helped us choose our meal. The Best BBQ ever! I highly recommend Bobby Q.. . I agree with the reviews that the Mac 'n Cheese is amazing, the St Louis was my favorite and I was impressedwith how moist the pulled pork was. The corn bread they give your table is amazing.. . They treated us amazingly from the minute we arrived until we left, and even gave us a bag of sweet mini doughnuts to go as a treat.. . We'll definitely come by one more time before we leave Arizona. Two thumbs up.
My friends and I were in Arizona for a couple of days and had the pleasure of trying Bobby Q's. Between the three of us we split a hog's heaven and baby back ribs, which we mostly devoured. Do not underestimate the hog's heaven. It is massive and delicious. I particularly enjoyed the st. Louis ribs.. It was overall a great experience, and our waiter Rishad was a delight. 9/10 would dine here again.
Just took my family to Bobby Q's based on the good Yelp reviews and am happy to say it lived up to its great reputation.  We started with the Q Rolls which were excellent.  My wife and I both had the brisket plate.  At some places brisket can be dry, but here it was moist and flavorful.  My sons had brisket and pulled pork sandwiches and loved them.  Although after seeing the huge hamburger at the next table my one son wanted that.  As for sides we shared the onion block and everyone had the Mac and cheese; both were great. Just when I thought I couldn't eat any more they brought us small, hot, moist doughnuts that they provide for free.  As it turned out I wasn't that full as they were too good to pass up.  I must also say that the quality of service matches the quality of food.  Our server Emmy provided award winning service with a smile, making us feel at home.  The decoralso felt comfortable with a real old time BBQ house look.  If you love BBQ, Bobby Q's is a place you need to try.
1st time and it will not be my last time...This place is off the charts good...damn you smosted chicken you ruined my life cuz now I have to drive 5 hours just to eat you again
Before walking in you could smell the aroma! Intoxicatingly good! :O and then we walk in and are seated with Phillip who kindly gave us pointers on what to get since this was the first time coming here. He was attentive and nice, true meaning of customer service! :) and within 10 minutes our meal was out! We ordered whole hog heaven and it filled four people, the meat was so tender, moist, and fell off the bones, BBQ sauce was delicious, Mac n cheese is absolutely rich and cheesy, and ending with donuts! Sooooooo good! Overall good prices for scrumptious food! Very impressed :) coming all the way from orange ca back to Arizona just for this restaurant!
Traveling from California, this was a "must stop" on our list! The pulled pork never disappoints & my hubby said the prime rib was the best he ever had! Really rich & creamy Mac n cheese, delightfully moist corn bread & sweet tea that you'll want to take home by the gallon!! Service was awesome--extra kudos to Jeff, who stayed on top of our table & even kept our picky kids happy!! Leaving extremely full--and very happy!! :-)
Bobby Q's has been one of my family's favorite places to eat on a saterday night. The food has the taste and richness that all love. Recommend the steak and crab legs entree with onion block appetizer. Love the service and the doughnuts were delicious! Also had a great waiter named Rashad, great server!
Stopped in here today for the first time and so glad I did. we sat on the spacious patio and the weather was perfect. Our server, Nathan, came right out to take our order. We got the hot wings as an appetizer and they were delicious. Crispy and great flavor, but not very spicy at all. We then ordered the platter combo of pulled pork with mac n cheese and mashed potatoes. The mac was ahhhhmazing! The pork was also very good and I really liked the bbq sauce on it. . . The food was all great and reasonably priced. Nathan was great and very attentive throughout our entire meal. The manager also popped out to check on us, which I always appreciate. We had an excellent dining experience, with plenty of leftovers to enjoy all over again later! I would definitely recommend going here for great bbq and plan to return soon!
Great atmosphere and BBQ. I take my wife here on date night! The service never disappoints and don't forget the Mac and cheese side best I ever had!
