Went there for an early brunch and we were driving to LA so we skipped the wine!  Their bruschetta is absolutely outstanding. The best we've eaten. Ever. We would go just for that again :-) oh, and will make sure to sample the wine too!
I may be alone in this, but I think the above ratings, more than anything else, are about the way a restaurant makes you feel. Postino makes me feel like I've enjoyed an evening out, like I've gotten full on yummy food made from quality ingredients, and *almost* like I don't miss New York (my home for the past 6 years). The atmosphere is lively and the service has always been friendly and attentive. The pub board and bruschetta (esp prosciutto & fig) are delicious and cut into portions perfect for sharing. Go with friends, enjoy the wine list, don't over-order on the food, and Postino will make you feel good, too.
This is one of my favorite places to visit in the valley. Good wine and yummy apps. I've been here several times and I've never been disappointed. This place is a must!
I'm in love with Postino.  I do love the outdoor seating area, open air restaurant, wait staff, food, drinks - everything. . .  I have been coming here for well over 4 years and recently branched out from my usual picks.  I tried the Mediterranean salad and Veggie panini- both great choices!  . . If you are looking for GREAT wine, AMAZING bruschetta, and a relaxing evening out, Postino is the place!  I've never been disappointed.
I joined a friend for lunch here last week and we were able to sit outside and enjoy our perfect weather.. . We both had the Pick 2 special.  I had the salad and soup.  Soup (chicken &n rice) was perfect temperature and had great flavor.  Salad was fresh and I was able to pick from their long list of salad choices. . I LOVE THAT. Many places will match your soup up with a plain side salad, not here!.  . My friend had a scrumptious looking vegetable panini on ciabatta bread  with a side salad.  . . The other great thing about Postino's is their early Happy Hour.  Any, I repeat any, glass of wine is $5 until 5:00pm.  They have an extensive wine list with some great choices. . . The ambiance here, well if you haven't been you are sorely missing out.  I love the old brick style building surrounded by lush flora.  The decor is modern yet comfy.  Don't miss this place!
I spent a great deal of time looking for places myself and my girlfriends would enjoy for our winter escape to Phoenix from Minnesota.   . . I found out about Postino and had to try it.  SO glad I did!  Enjoyed the eclectic atmosphere and the great adjectives my server used to describe the wine.  . . I had the pick two  - prociutto/brie panini with a side of roasted pepper/gorganzola soup.   All to die for!   The ladies at the next table ordered the mix of baguette with different toppings.. looked amazing.  . . I was there for happy hour and sat on the patio.  I love the atmosphere, very comfortable and non-pretentious.   Very good value.  My bill after eating and having two glasses of wine at happy hour was $21.  . . My girlfriends arrive tomorrow.  Postino is a definite stop.   Love it!
I have been going to Postino Winecafe for about a year now, I am so pleased with my experience every time. From the wine selection, to the bruschettas, serving amount/portions, to the atmosphere (the outdoor setting area is beautiful on Arizona evenings). Every person that I bring to Postino Winecafe is pleased with their experience and even go back without me. They have great specials on Sunday afternoons too! With that said, try it out.
This is the perfect setting for a girls day on a Sunday afternoon.  Share a bottle of wine while listening to Walt Richardson perform.  Couldn't get any better than this. Also, can be very romantic with the right man.  Gentlemen take your lady's here, they will be very impressed. The food, beverage and ambiance is amazing.
Enjoyed Lunch there today. I had there Pub Board which was a perfect starter. All the things on there from the soft pretzel sticks to the corn nuts were awesome. . . The Paninis were probably the best Ive had. The ingredients were fresh and tasted great. . . I will be back!
Bruchetta board, pitcher of Kronenbourg, sitting on the patio, stellar service and boyfriend = death because this is the best dining experience I might ever have. .  Favorite slab consists of: Roasted Red Peppers on Goat Cheese, Warm Artichoke, Dates, Pistachios with Ricotta and Sheeps Milk below a sweet Tomato Jam. . .  The only *bad* (more so just personally annoying), thing I've ever come across here, had nothing to do with the food itself or even the servers..well not our server..was when one of the ladies walking around clearing tables felt the need to express to us that SHE has OCD therefore, we needed to remove the last 2 pieces of bruchetta from the board, so she could clear it..because it was making HER uncomfortable... .  Never push your 'disorder' off onto someone else and expect them to abide, especially when your customers are deep in mid-conversation about serious things like puppies and the night's baking agenda...this customer will not yield and out of spite, leave a lingering, lonesome bruchetta upon the slab for your sake.. .  I, too, have a disorder - not caring about your fear of individual bread pieces on a plate.. .  Despite said occurrence, there are NO complaints, ever. A valley staple that I recommend highly, for all occasions.
Can't wait to go back.  I love the Monday deal, it is genius.  I was there with my twin mom group (about 12 moms of twins), we had a blast.  I love the Brie, Apple and Fig, Prosciutto, Fig and mascarpone, Tomato jam bruschettas.  I had the Teira Zinfandel, which was perfect.
Love this place.  Love all the food and the staff is great.  We drive from Gilbert to have lunch at Postino's Arcadia.  We understand a new location here in Gilbert will be opening soon.  Can hardly wait. I do recommend this place to everyone I meet.
Im speechless. Simply, speechless. This place is AMAZING. I had pretty high expectations of this place and I was still blown away by the level of excellence this place carries. My amore and I decided to give this place a whirl on a Friday night, and we enjoyed every second of our experience. Upon arrival, we were told that there was an hour and a half wait, so we ventured into the bar area to have a glass of Prosecco, which was DELICIOUS by the way. About thirty minutes later, we were seated and looking over the menu. The wait was cut in half! I would have waited 6 hours for their bruschetta, though. We sampled four of their bruschetta selections, and not one piece was left behind. Their portions are large, and definately made for sharing. We topped off our scrumptious experience with an espresso and a salted caramel sundae. Im pretty sure my tastebuds are still dancing around.....As far as the service goes, it needs help. Our server was horrible. He refilled our water glasses ONCE and relied on other staff members to bring us our check. At the beginning of our visit, we were greeted by the owner, and he personally brought us a wine list, took our drink order, AND opened our vino, table side. That is so refreshing to see when the owner of a place puts his own elbow grease into maintaining his business. This place has an amazing, simple menu. Its an ideal place to take a date!!
First time here a week ago. The atmosphere is fantastic ! We came during dinner (around 630PM) and the place was packed but everyone was friendly and so was the service.. . We ordered 4 different bruschettas. I was originally intending on ordering a panini, but one of my sorority sisters suggested otherwise. A few other sisters vouched for their bruschetta, so the bf and I didn't think we'd go wrong there. All of the different kinds we tried were delicious! So much that we ordered another 4 with our 2 favorites. Can't go wrong... just pick one! Or 4... since they come served that way.. . I wasn't feeling wine that night for some strange reason, but their cucumber lemonade was sooooooooo refreshing. Yes, that many O's.. . New favorite stop-by-when-we're-in-town place.
Great patio, happy hour prices, wine list, beer, and food. I love meeting my friends here after work. Please open one in the East Valley!
I came here for a leisurely Friday lunch. The ambience, the food, the wine and the outdoor patio were all amazing! . . I had the Ranga Ranga Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand which was nicely chilled, crisp, light and a refreshing choice for sipping outside on the patio on a beautiful sunny day.   . . We chose the cheese board which was not the best I've ever had (although in all fairness I am a cheese snob!!) but definately good and I enjoyed the presentation and the different selection of breads served with it. We also ordered the bruschetta. It was hard narrowing it down to just four as I wanted to try them all. We settled on the following:. . Roasted red peppers & goat cheese - My least favorite of the 4. It was good but I would have preferred more goat cheese and less peppers. Fresh mozzarella w/ tomato & basil - Chewy bread, fresh tomatoes, ample basil, yum! . Smoked salmon w/ pesto & capers - Salmon was fresh, lots of capers, another yum!. Tomato jam & fresh sheeps milk - my absolute favorite! I had to remind myself to share. . . An overall great experience.  I can't wait to return so I can try the rest of the bruschettas!
Postino is an amazing place to chill and relax with good company, good food, and amazing wine. . . We had a nice Friday afternoon lunch outside with a glass a wine, and it was a perfect atmosphere. The Arcadia location makes you feel like you're in a small town rather than a city like Phoenix. . . The cheese board - amazing!
Postino = Love. That's all. . . Well, it's far from being "all," considering I could sing it's praises all day, but I'll try to be concise here! . . Service- friendly, laid back and approachable; even when it's busy (which is often- go Postino!) you never get the impression that they're too stressed to answer a question or help you. Always smiling. . . Tremendous value- $5 glasses of wine until 5pm, and one $12.75 board of bruschetta is easily a meal for two - and DELICIOUS. I've yet to order anything else because I simply can't imagine a visit without it!! . . Ambience- reason enough to come back as often as socially acceptable. The industrial rustic interior is full of character and all in all just a wonderful place to be!
Wow, I love this place on Sundays! The patio and the music make me feel like I'm on a beach in Cali! Great mental escape. . . The sangria (3-stars) was not the best I have had but was still good. The bruschetta (5-stars) was really unique and really good. I also had a sandwich and soup. Both were about 4-star quality. Our server was AWESOME! 5-Stars to him! He was hilarious. I don't think he was trying to be funny but he just was. Great personality and he seemed to really like his job. The live music....5 STARS! The musician was talented and he played for about 2 hours. From Bob Marley, Jack Johnson, to Dire Straits. All summer type music, and all very well executed. . . The place was busy so it did take a while to get food, but I was relaxed, had my sangria, and had good music so all was right in the world:) The parking could be a problem but I got lucky and was able to pull right in. The bathrooms are unisex....eeeewh....but clean. As long as they remain clean I will keep my rating at 5 stars, the minute that changes....it will be 4 stars.
The bruschetta is awesome!  I have taken a dozen people there and recommend the apples and brie, fig and marscapone, and proscuitto with dates and pistachios.....sometimes I get it without the proscuitto.  Perfect trendy place to take out of town guests!
It's safe to say that I have developed a serious love affair with Postino. While both locations are exceptional, the Arcadia version in the old post office has charm that is unmatched. The patio makes you forget that you are in the middle of the desert, the waitstaff is friendly, knowledgeable and fun, and the food...wow. The bruschetta goes unmatched in the Valley and pretty much any other place I've visited. It's so good that I don't bother to order it anywhere else. Nothing compares. The chicken and mozzarella panini has quickly become my favorite sandwich in town. I sub the pesto in for the mayo, and I can't think of anything I'd rather have for lunch. The downfall is the parking situation, but with a little patience or a few dollars for the valet, you'll be seated and enjoying a delicious meal in no time. Whether it's soup inside on a rainy day or a life-changing sandwich on the patio in the springtime, Postino never disappoints.
Postinos is 'that place' that I just adore. No matter the occasion or time of day, I have never been let down.. . I first went to Postinos on a date, and it was incredible. (I'm referring to both the guy & the food!). . The wine list is incredible - and there are almost always specials going on so you can try something new without breaking the bank. The food is delicious - I always suggest anyone try the bruchetta planks, and any of their salads are a delicious choice. I love both the Arcadia and Central locations the same; Arcadia seems to be where I frequent the most just due to proximity of our home. If you haven't been, just try it! Great food, great drinks, great staff, and friendly customers.
This is my 2nd review because I love this place sooooooooooo much...Everyone should go here!!! It is one if the best places in phoenix!! The atmosphere is beautiful especially at night! Im so lucky b/c i can just walk here and i do ALL THE TIME!!!  The greatest deal is the board and bottle night on monday and tuesday nights starting at 8 pm...the wine selection is quality...the selection isnt as large but all the wines are fabulous!! You can also buy wine and take it home...the food is just as fabulous...i love the bruschetta prosciutto and fig, brie and apple, ricotta pistachio and date, artichoke spread and the one with tomato bacon and i forgot the cheese...those are the ones i love but i have no doubt the others are great too!! The soups are so warm and delicious i love them on cold dzys and its great if you get a half panini and u can dip your sandwich in it and it makes both the panini and souo that much better...they have paninis for everyone!! The desserts are fabulous my favorite is the salted caramel sundae...i like the caramel ontop of their chocolate cake and ice cream its amazing...of course leave it up to me to love two desserts and combine them...or if you want a good drink other then wine try their bellinis and mimosas...they are delicious at anytime of the day hahaha...just dnt drink too many and drive have someobe get you a cab.... I love this place so much and cannot tell more ppl enough about this place!!! So come here and enjoy!!!
I always go on Mondays and Tuesdays after 8 for their bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20. Its to die for and a good deal! My favorite bruschetta is the roasted peppers with goat cheese. My mouth is watering just thinking about it! YUM
One of my favorite places.  I really love trying new places, in fact I routinely avoid places I've been before in lieu of trying somewhere new.  Postino is one of my exceptions. I will come here anytime and be toally content. . . Consistantly high quality, great service and even better atmosphere.  I am obviously not alone in this thinking because Postino can have a hefty wait time, especially for the bruchetta and wine special on Monday nights.  Its WORTH THE WAIT though.  The goat cheese and tomato jam bruchetta is the BEST!  I always try to get a double order of that one instead of picking four different kinds.  I do believe 'sharing is caring' but I have my limits and not when it comes to Postino brushettas.  . . The wine list is extensive and there are always helpful recommendations for any palatte or budget for that matter.  I have sat at the bar and sampled various wines before choosing and the bartenders have all been very knowledgeable and friendly.  . . Postino is a perfect place for a date, girls night out, or family dinner.  It is hard to find a singular place that is so appropriate for any occasion. . . Parking really isn't a terrible problem. There is a 'free' valet to help you out, which I truly appreciate instead of having to fend for myself in that crowded cramped lot.
my my my.... . spectakski.  Not going to read through all of these reviews, and not wanting to be too redundant, I'll just say the fig/ prozuut  and tomato jam/ sheep's cheese were insane! I may just order a board of the two on my next visit.  Wasn't too jazzed about the salmon or buratta/bacon (they were good, but paled in comparison.. . They sell the bread too!  I was doubting myself the whole way home as to why I would buy a $7 loaf o' bread, then I ate it again and realized I have short term memory loss ;). . CHEERS
Has got to be one of my favorite restaurants. Monday and Tuesday when you are there at or after 8-close, It is $20 bucks for a bottle of wine and your choice of four different slices of their bruschetta. . . The Chicken and Mozzarella Panini is one of my favorites.. . You can easily have a dinner for two, including an app, two entree's and a bottle of wine for well under $60.. . Be aware that there WILL be about an hour wait for this quaint little restaurant. However, in the same center is a place called La Grande Orange that you can grab a decent bottle of wine at while waiting for your table. As well when you do that they validate your valet parking ($3) not including a tip. . . Valet is a must usually around this spot since the parking is quite horrible. But when you expect it, you should not be disappointed.
One thing I have to say. . BEST BRUSCHETTA EVER!!!!
Such a great little date spot! I definitely suggest going on Monday or Tuesday nights when they have their bottle of wine/board of bruschetta special for $20. . I am typically not a fan of mixed greens salads, but this salad is hands down one of the best I've had. Of course, it wouldn't be a trip to Postino's without bruschetta. My personal faves? Proscuitto and Marscipone, and Apple Fig.
This place gets 5 stars for a couple of reasons. . 1. The prosciutto and brie, apples and fig spread, warm artichoke spread, and the baratta and bacon brisket are amazing. those are the ones i will always order. . 2. For 20 bucks you can get this Delicious food AND a bottle of some of the best pinot noir (which usually costs 11 bucks a glass!!!) . 3. Its the perfect place for a date, and a cheap one at that, on mondays and tuesdays. or a girls night out. . . . the only complaint is the wait on mondays and tuesdays. the hostess told us it was an 80 minute wait. it only ended up being 40....wtf. haha
But also! The tomato jam and fresh sheep's milk bruschetta is the best thing in the world. I would like a bruschetta board filled with that, ev.er.y. day.. And, the service is very friendly and attentive whenever I go in, even if it's a busy time of day. Much appreciated.
Have read a lot of reviews but have never been here prior to tonight. Not sure about the reviews regarding poor service. It's not McDonald's folks...this place is not meant to get you in and out in 45 minutes. If you want your food quick...call it in and get it to take-out. Take your time and enjoy the amazing food, affordable wine, and great space.. . I was there with my wife and sister, and we ordered 8 different bruschettas, a sandwich, and a salad. They were all hits...no misses. Our service was quick, friendly, helpful and attentive. Giving us advice like recommending that we buy the bottle instead of three glasses of the same wine cause we get a free glass! Woohoo! :). . Will definitely be going back, and very happy that I finally went!
I've been putting off writing this review for ages, mainly because I love it so much that I want to do it justice. You're intimidating me, Postino! You're intimidating me with your loveliness!. . Just get your butt to the Monday/Tuesday happy hour special. Just do it and get it over with for the first time so henceforth you will realize that it is where you need to be on Monday and/or (yes there have been a few occasions I have gone two nights in a row DON'T JUDGE ME) Tuesday night. . . You get any bottle of wine and a plate of the most decadent bruschetta, for $20. We're not talkin' a few little slices of bread with some chopped romas and basil... We're talking about full-flavored, substantially protein'd, tasty-ass bruschetta here, folks. You get to choose 4 of the 12 varieties they offer, and you get 4 slices of each. That way you and whoever you go with, can try them all. TWO PIECES OF EACH FOR ME AND TWO OF EACH FOR YOU, NO CHEATING. I'm watching you. And counting. And nomming. . . Here are my favs:. The prosciutto w/ figs and marscapone. Smoked salmon w/ pesto. Brie & apples w/ fig spread. Tomato jam & fresh sheeps milk cheese. . Good god I want it and I want it now.. . Some of the wines I've had are excellent. Some are just ok. That happens when you frequent this place as much as I do, and their wine list is ever-changing. I have discovered some of my favorite wines here, and nothing ever that I would turn my nose up at. . . I've now written so much about their food and wine that I am going to skip right over ambiance. It's awesome. End of story. And well worth the sometimes 1 hour wait.. . Probably my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Probably.
Postino is my favorite cafe in Phoenix!!!!! The customer service is outstanding. In my first vist I was greeted by almost all the employees, asked if I wanted water or anything to drink while I was waiting for a table. In my second visit that was 2 months later I received the same service :)  I love the live music on Sundays and the food is excellant. The bruchetta board is the best and filling. Just enough food for 2. Having Sierra Navada on the beer list is a great plus as well.
This was the place my girlfriend and I went for our first date 4 years ago. Been hooked ever since. If you don't go I will not be offended it just means I don't have to wait as long. Really it is a great place for wine and light food.
It's about 8:30pm Memorial Monday... Just finished a long day at Sedona with hikes and many activities.  Here I am @ Postinos on my way back home to cali =). . . . It has been 2 years since the last time I ate here.  It's always the last stop for food on the way back to California.  $20 for 4 choices of Nom Nom bruschetta & a bottle of wine is such a great deal!  You can choose not to have the bottle opened and to go it home! =)   Bruschetta assortment is just unbelievably great!  Definitely put me in a food coma on the 7 hour drive home.. .  I rarely give 5 stars, but Postinos deserved it because the employees are soooo amiable consistenly checking up on our table. With such a long day in Sedona I had 8-10cups of water and there wasn't a moment I had to "ask" for water like other establishments.  Employees must of had very keen eye-vision because it was quite dark in the room and they kept my water cup filled at all times.. .   I did have a little sip of Moscato from my friend's bottle and it's bubbly good!. .   Postinos... seee ya on my next road trip... or you can open up a location in southern california =)
Somehow, I have neglected to review Postino Arcadia... so let me correct that mistake.  And now that there are 300+ positive reviews on here -- this is just to pile on the love.. . Love the atmosphere. Love the food (the bruschetta! my mouth is watering now...). Love the friendly service. Love the location. Love live music (though it can disrupt conversations).  . The only "don't Love"?  Parking.  . But that is a small price to have a nice spot to enjoy food with friends.
What can I say, but date spot in the valley... Fair prices (esp. during happy hour) and the BEST bruschetta I've ever had... Period...end of discussion.
Came here twice and loving it. Great place to take friends out for drinks And chill. Or on a hip date.awesome  food and price. Favorite is the smoke salmon brushetta.
Who hasn't written a review on this place?  What's another 5 star review going to prove? LOL. . Anyway, everything on here is true.  The bruschettas are simply heavenly.  It's as simple as that.  When you combine locally baked breads, with the best toppings around, you just can't go wrong.  The bruschetta and bottle of wine special can't get any better.  Their soups and cheese platters are yummy too.. . Beware, parking stinks but they do offer complimentary valet during limited hours.
My sister had been talking about how great this place is, but it's a little out of the way for me so I didn't get a chance to check it out until recently. WOW! It totally lives up to the hype! I'm from the east coast and miss "mom & pop" type restaurants that are charming and unique. This place totally made me feel at home. . . Not only was the food incredible (we got 4 types of bruschettas and the meat/cheese board), but the presentation was great too! It was just enough food for a late dinner and wasn't outrageously priced. . . It was a good crowd of people too... "normal"! I didn't see any NoSco Cougars, Downtown Hippies or Old Town D-bags. A welcomed change!. . The ambiance is perfect! Dim lighting, eclectic decor, awesome patio and even cute little touches like the pieces of paper they have to put your gum in - LOVE IT! . . I'm hooked for sure!
It's easy to review Postino because there's nothing to complain about. Consistently great quality service & food. Amazing date spot, but be careful. Many classy ladies in the valley have already been swooned over by other eager gents at this location. Be original and don't be THAT dude that takes a girl where she's been previously on a first date!. . Mondays and Tuesdays are busy for a reason. The $20 wine & bruschetta deal is fantastic and is perfect portion size. If you are starving or care for an appetizer, the Bella Postino is terrific!
My favorite place in the Valley! Whether you are there to drink wine or eat dinner this is the place to go. The servers are friendly, the food is delicious and the wine divine. They change their wine menu just enough to keep it interesting but not enough to be overwhelming. The bruschetta board is amazing - order it. Their sandwiches, soups and desserts are delicious. I do not have enough good things to say about this place!. . Only two negatives - parking can be difficult and overcrowding can be an issue inside. So if you go on the weekends make sure to go early or be ready to stand and drink wine while you wait :)
I'v worked for Postino for about 3 years and it is the greatest place ever! If you haven't been, you're missing out. . . -KC "Wildman" Slager
Went again last night - Can't say a bad thing about it. Bravo Postino!. . Also - valet is only $3... totally worth it.
My husband and I just moved to Phoenix from NYC, and everyone told us that the food in Phoenix will never be as good as the food in New York.  We COMPLETELY disagree - the food at Postino was far better than the food at our "go to" neighborhood wine bar in NY.  We could not believe how delicious the food was at Postino, and the service was incredible too! The artichoke dip put Houston's to shame, and the bruschetta, and vegetarian panini were all mouth-watering.  We greatly look forward to going back!  My husband woke up this morning and said, "Let's go to Postino again" and it hasn't even been 24 hours since we were there...
Wonderful food and wine.  The bruschetta boards are enough for a small meal for two people.  The atmosphere of Postino's is relaxed so that you are comfortable sitting enjoying your food and drinks without feeling rushed.  Make a reservation, this place is always full.
I've never had a bad experience here.  They have a great happy hour and I will drive for miles to order Postino's bruchetta.  I'm a fan for life!
One word: heaven!
The bruschetta is amazing. And the wine is great too. And $5 before 5 p.m. everyday. Also, $5 pitchers of pretty good beer. And $5 mimosas.
I love this place!  Great bruschetta, best I've ever had. So good, in fact, that this place has ruined me for all other establishments that sell bruschetta.  I was also very impressed with the value!  Keep rocking, Postino!
The turkey panini was delicious and the service was good.  It also helped that Walt Richardson was performing. All and all a great treat.
I loved this place! We are big fans of Walt Richardson and his music first of all, and he was playing today. But, add in delicious tapas (really fresh-loved all of our choices, especially goat cheese and fig) for a wonderful experience. I tasted my friend's $5 Sunday white Sangria and had to have one of my own. There were blackberries, strawberries, raspberries, lemon, etc. in it, and it was super good!! The atmosphere was trendy. Next time we'd like to try to reserve the couch for seating in front of the entertainment. Very cool.
Food is super tasty! Can't go wrong with the turkey panini with pesto or bruschetta with prosciutto, figs & Mascarpone cheese. Mouth watering just thinking about it. Sundays during 11-3 they offer cool laid back tunes by Walt Richardson and $5 refreshing white sangria. A great way to relax at the end of the weekend.
Great food, great Sangria, great live music, great vibe, great service EXCLAMATION MARK. Overall it was a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon.
I effing love this place, that is all there is to it.  I have taken a parade of first dates in here, so much so that when I was single my friend swore they were going to think I was a lady of the night.  But I love it so, I'm so comfortable here, the place is so warm and inviting, and who doesn't look hot gilded in candle light?  I have been here prob more than 80 times, and it never gets old.  I return at least once or twice a week, and not just for a date night, wine with friends, lunches with mom, happy hour are all equally fun here.  . My favorite things: $20 night, although Mon and Tue after 8 are busier than a weekend up in here, be prepared to wait and get drunk; brushetta in all it's glory - always fresh, always perfect; the ever changing wine list, always fun to try them all and order for others; the soups in winter; the prosciutto and brie sandwhich, I die.  One more confession, I actually picked my current condo because of it's proximity to Postino.  Less than a mile.  Sold.  xx
Postino Arcadia is absolutely one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. The wine list is diverse and if you having trouble choosing, just ask your server. The bruschetta is amazing and an absolute must have. . . When you go, valet....it's definitely $3 well spent. That way, you can get into Postino's faster to grab a seat. . . You really can't go wrong with the Prosciutto and Brie Sandwich, along with the Mixed Green Salad - I'd love to say that I try something different each time, but I can't waver from that. It's truly fantastic. . . This is a great place for a date night, and if you haven't been there......go. Now. Just expect to wait for awhile, they're always busy. But trust me ,it's well worth it!. . Oh, and a tip? They have a special Monday and Tuesday nights after 8:00pm....a board of bruschetta and a bottle of wine. WIN :-)
You know when a movie comes out and EVERYONE is talking about how great it is and when you finally see it you are extremely disappointed and wonder what all the fuss was about? That is what I half expected about Postinos.  Instead, this place EXCEEDED the already high expectations others had set in place for it. . . I came here on a Friday evening a couple of weeks ago after a wine tasting at LGO. It was 6:30-7:00pm and we only waited a couple of minutes for a table. . . It was just me and a girlfriend and since we have the same taste in wine, we decided to order a bottle to share.  We had the RIckshaw Pinot Noir which was delightful.  For food we had the Cheeseboard and the mozzarella and tomato jr.  AMAZING.  I love cheese (as do most wine lovers) and their cheeseboard was delicious.  It features a great variety of cheeses from mild to strong in flavor.  . . In my eyes the best combo of foods and flavors is the ever simplistic tomatoes, mozzarella, and basil.  Postinos does it perfecto. Everything is fresh as fresh as can be, my mouth is watering just thinking about it!. . I had major food envy when I saw the table next to us get served an impressive plate of Bruschetta.  I will definitely be trying that the next time I come. . . Here is how much I loved this place: I just found out my schedule is changing and I'll be getting off work at 3 instead of 5.  Literally the first thought that popped in my head was "I can make it to Postino's for their amazing happy hour!" . . I literally can not wait to go back to this place.
Favorite wine bar by far! More for the food of course. Bruchetta....is the best you will ever find. It's more of a french bread with toppings. Not super crunchy...a tad chewy. The prosciutto, cheese and fig is my favorite. This is a wonderful date spot and is perfectly lit for a romantic evening. Maybe a tad loud and the wait may be long, but worth it!!! Check this place out. There is one being built on Gilbert Rd in Old Town Gilbert so no more long drives to my favorite spot!!!
ABSOLUTELY AMAZEBALLZ.  This is the place my "girlz" and I go when we want to get out and have great food. LOVE LOVE LOVE their brushetta and the chicken raspberry salad. OMG!
There are a lot of wine bars popping up across the Valley in the last few years and they are pale imitations of this.  Postino's is great.  Love the atmosphere and the Bruschetta boards are amazing.  Lots of choices and each board is a large serving, big enough to share.  Perfect place for happy hour with the $5 glasses of wine.  I can't wait for them to open their Gilbert location.
Absolutely amazing!. . I finally made it to Postino after hearing great things from many people.  We came on a Tue night to meet up with another couple we hadn't seen in awhile.  Mon and Tue they have the special where you get a bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20.  This is a great deal.  The place was crowded so if you go make sure you go early and get your name in.  The nice thing is that you can start drinking your bottle while you wait.  We were waiting for around 45 min before we got a table but we were having fun nonetheless.  The bruschetta was amazing and there were many different types to choose from.  We also tried the grilled cheese which was delightful.  We will definitely be back again and I am excited to try more things on the menu.
Love this place!! great ambiance, $5 glasses of wine til five. Bruchettas are amazing, salads as well. The service staff ( Miles & Josh) are awesome! Very friendly and helpful. A ++
One of the best places to have a great meal in the valley.. I ordered a two picks combo menu of the house salad and nine iron(?) sandwich0 which was a PERFECT choice. I can't wait to go back there again to try other menus.
ok, really guys. Stop reading this review. If a f*cking place has over 400 hundred reviews AND is able to hold a standing of over 4 stars...its a good place! Don't have to read any further! You know what, since you are still reading this, i am just going to end my review now!
Ive been to this place a few times for lunch and always had a great experience so when a friend from out of town wanted to get together I recommended meeting here. We got there just in time to get happy hour drink prices,$5 for wine so we each grabbed a glass real fast and sat and chatted. Happy hour ends at 5 btw so go early. The crowd was light at 5 and we chatted for a good hour or so before ordering our first bruschetta board. You get 4 pieces of each selection and you can select 4 different types. The apple fig one was amazing of course the classic tomato mozzarella was to die for. The prosciutto and date melted in your mouth! We gnawed on that for about 30 mins then ordered another to try 4 more! We sat and chatted drinking just water and they kept filling our water glasses and in the 3 hours that we were there and while their waiting list portables grew they didn't rush us out of there at all. This is definitely going to be a staple on my hang out list now that I live closer!
I came close to subtracting a star because this place is LOUD.....unnecessarily loud, due to the music and it is hard to find a quieter table because speakers are everywhere! Since other reviewers mentioned this, youthink the place would get the idea that this restaurant is full of cool people that know how to actually converse. I have been to Postino's 4-5 times and usually bring someone who hasn't been before....clients for happy hour/husband for lunch, etc. Although their patio isn't large, it is my favorite area and I recently found out they are dog-friendly. Happy hour here is the best....the appetizer menu with different kinds of Bruscetta is unreal. Don't be afraid to dive into their wine and beer menu - if you haven't heard of a label, ask your waitperson. They have obviously been well trained and give great advice. Speaking of the wait staff - they deserve high points. Even when this place is packed, they show up promptly....if fact, we had 2 or 3 different people stop by and ask if we needed anything. My favorite thing on the lunch menu (alas, I've not had dinner here yet) is the proscuitto and Brie panini. This mere "sandwich" is my diet Kryptonite...and worth it! Every bite is a food orgasm of salty proscuitto,warm gooey Brie slathered with sweet fig jam. Each time they put it in front of me I make the obligatory chick-remark of "taking 1/2 of it home" with me.....and 20 minutes later my plate looks like the dog licked it!
Beautiful people, tasty Brushetta, good wine all go well with the good weather.  No complaints, but this place could you an early acoustic jazz happy hour a little more regularly.  . . Great place in the sun!
Postino rocks!. . It's a great place to grab a light and relaxing dinner and drink. The place has a chill feel to it, so it's a great place to take a date. . . Postino has an extensive wine list and also offers an awesome variety of beers. Their beer list includes your basic domestics, higher end domestics, and a handful of tasty imports.. . The food is amazing as well, with the highlight being the bruschetta. When ordering the bruschetta, you choose any four of eleven yummy choices. None of the eleven are bad, however my favorites are the brie and apples with fig spread, Mozzarella with tomato and basil, salami with pesto, and the warm artichoke spread.. . The outdoor seating area is the place to be and the prices are very reasonable.. . Great food, awesome wine list, good beer selection, nice ambience, and reasonable prices give Postino five stars.
This is the kind of restaurant every other restaurant should visit and take thorough notes on "How to do it Right". Seriously, this places rules.. . The service was super friendly and not in a fake, cheesy, over the top way. The people are real and just as hipster/classy as the establishment. The music, AMAZING. Nothing better than great jams while enjoying yummy food with good company. Everything from Tegan and Sara, Interpol and Broken Bells to Manchester Orchestra. My kinda jams.. . The food gets its own category because holy miss moly, this stuff is good. We ordered their bruschetta appetizer where you choose 4 different types of 11 different bruschetta creations they offer. We went with 1-Brie and Apples with Fig Spread, 2-Ricotta with Dates and Pistachio's, 3-White Bean with Chopped Tomato and 4-Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese. FOODGASM. When we ordered this, we were under the impression we were only geting 1 piece of each type of bruschetta that we chose and when it arrived at our table we were pleasantly surprised to see we actually get 4 pieces of each flavor. Lots of food!! Great price point for what you get. Presentation: Rocks, Flavor: Unreal, Price Point: Totally worth it. Because we originally thought the bruschetta was going to be a "side" we also ordered the Vegetarian panini with a side Mixed Green salad which was also super delicious. Lets just say we were super full.. . The atmosphere here is laid back and beautiful. If you want to dazzle your friends from out of town or take some one on a first date, you can't go wrong with Postino Arcadia.
This restaurant got all the right stuff. Great service, a great wine list, quality food, and a relaxed atmosphere with a European feel to it. . The chef must have a great knowledge of foods and flavors that compliment one another because I cannot recall trying a dish that I did not like. Bruschettas are great because you get to try four different flavors in one order. Last time we went I had their chicken and mozzarella panini which was delicious. I highly recommend you try this place.
Postino's is a great date restaurant. Especially on Mondays and Tuesdays when they have their $20 bruschetta and bottle of wine special. You can choose any bottle of wine off of their fairly long list of wines and get a delicious board of bruschetta for only $20. Major win. The proscuitto and fig is my absolute favorite, followed by the artichoke, brie and apple, and salmon and capers. The restaurant has a great interior and patio with a huge wall glass garage door that opens up to connect the interior to the exterior when the weather is nice. If you join their mailing list, you get a free bruschetta board on your birthday and the restaurant's birthday. I also love their sea salt caramel sunday - it's the most delicious dessert ever. You have to try this place. It's just great.
If I could live off of Postino's Bruchetta Board I would. Actually now that I think about it that isn't a bad idea. The only downside of loving something so much is that I hardly venture out and trying something else on the menu. I think my favorite is the red peppers - I don't know how they get so much good flavor in a tiny little piece. . . The only other thing I have had their is what I call the "magic sandwhich." Also known as the chicken and mozzarella panin but I sub the mayo for a pesto sauce. Yum Yum Yum!. . Plus they have an amazing selection of drinks and a great happy hour (if only it went a little longer in the afternoon it would be perfection).
I LOVE this place!  My sister jokes that the only reason she comes to visit me in Arizona is for Postino's!
Love this place! The only thing that can be improve is for them to accept reservations for parties less than 6. There is a $3 valet which makes it easier. It has a wonderful ambiance and it felt comfortable, fun, and trendy. I ordered the Bellini and it was delicious. I personally dont think they have a wide selection of drinks. The bruschetta is amazing though. I absolutely loved it. The portions are great and make you full. I loved the olives they brought out too. The music was not too loud so you would have to scream to be heard. Overall, wonderful experience! I am definitely going back. This time I want to try their brunch on Sundays.
I always have a splendid time at Postino. The food is wonderful and usually comes out pretty quickly. Fun atmosphere and I love the historic building.
I miss Postino! I moved from Phoenix about 8 months ago and every time a happy hour is needed, I think if only I could have Postino tonight... . . Phoenix, enjoy this place- go often- eat lots of Bruchetta and raise a glass of wine to celebrate ANYTHING.. . Take it from me, a girl who missed her favorite place...there isn't another place quite like it. The atmosphere, the servers, the comfortable patio and wonderful selection of wines to choose from make Postino Arcadia a 5 star location!
Went to Postino Arcadia. Enjoyed Postino Arcadia. I would say GO to Postino Arcadia! You cant go wrong with any combo of the bruchetta and the Nine Iron is one of my all time favorite sandwiches anywhere
Now that I actually do live in the hood, it's time to revise. What's up neighbor?! That's how I feel now when I stop by for a glass of vino. Maybe they don't know me that well, but they do seem to recognize my dog. She's actually why this place gets an extra star - super dog friendly patio. Bowl of water and constant affection from the staff every time my hound comes along. She's spoiled here and it make me happy.. . Food is still fabulous and the wine...Oh the wine. How I crave that Garnacha when I'm anywhere else. There really is no time that's not good to be here, but I love lounging outside on week nights when it's not quite as busy. I always meet fun people here that are also soaking up the good vibes. I officially can never move away from Arcadia.
Don't ask me about anything on the menu except the bruschetta, I've never been able to get past it.  Many different inventive delicious toppings on perfectly toasted slices of rustic bread, served on a narrow wooden platter.  Each and every bite is to die for, and they have a good glass wine.. . The only thing I don't like is the loud techno music.  Everyone yells to be heard above it.  Which means I have to, too.
This review is way overdue. And since I am not a regular Yelp reviewer, I am making an exception to this one..... . I am in love with the quality and range of bruschetta they had at Postino. Figs, honey, almonds, pistachio, goat cheese, prisciutto and sooo much more!    Bite after bite felt like heaven on earth. Their creativity with the menu blew me away. Hip  ambiance. check. Originality. check. Scrumptiousness.  triple check.  . .  I need to find a place like this in the Bay Area!
Great bruscetta salty carmel sundae, and of course wine.  Service can be a little slow from time to time but not a big deal.  Love the sparkling sav blanc on a hot day.  Cool atmosphere as well.
My favorite place by far and well worth the drive from Gilbert. Love the atmosphere, bruschetta, and of course the wine. Great place to catch up with friends. I can't wait for the location in Gilbert to open up.
I was left with a good impression after my first time there. We went on a Tuesday and it was still pack at night. Very small parking, but there was compliment valet parking. . The valet parking guy was also very friendly. The low-lighting environment seem to be a great get-together place for group of friend or even a date. . . I'm not much of a wine drinker, but we order Moscato and I like it! I also love the bruschettas there, especially the salmon one. They also have a variety of sandwiches that you can order from that will make you quite full after a few bite. . . I would definitely come back to this place. ^_^
I love coming here for lunch. It's fun to get the bruschetta and a cheese board to share. The panini's are my favorite around. I usually order half a panini and a salad or soup, depending on what the soup of the day is. The Italian Picnic salad is really good. You really can't go wrong with anything you order. Everything is fresh and delicious. The atmosphere is cool and you can chill out, have some wine and enjoy the food. It's a great place to meet friends and hang out for awhile.
The soup, salad, panini, and especially the bruschetta were all fabulous! Delicious and beautifully presented. We also really enjoyed the live music and the peach tea. I wish I lived closer - this would easily become a favorite lunch spot for me (although maybe only for special occasions as it's a bit pricey)!. . HIGHLY recommend. :)
There is nothing that I don't love about this place.  My first visit was a late afternoon lunch after a hike and we sat on the patio.  Trust me when I tell you that you MUST get the bruschetta.  I can't wait to go back.  The parking doesn't bother me a bit because it's all part of the experience-don't let it deter you.  If you want a big lot and a restaurant with crappy food, no ambiance, and terrible service, go to Chili's.
Sunday afternoon as Postino is a special time. With perfect weather and wonderful sangria, Postino offers a hip place to have a drink and feel like you are out doors with their roll up doors open. The entertainment is always a plus!  Theservice is spectacular and friendly too!
Go on a Tuesday you will get bruschetta and wine for $20!! The bruschetta is stupid good!! Huge wine selection and if you dont drink wine they have a full bar. Best neighborhood spot in Arcadia. . . Oh and it's super sexy too! Perfect for those who are looking for the perfect date spot.. . Just go you will love it...trust me!
Like everyone else in phoenix feels that's been to postinos, the Monday Tuesday $20 deal, is unbeatable. Which is exactly why you'll be waiting around for at least an hour on those nights. But when your looking to go on a nice date or double date this place provides the perfect atmosphere, great wine selection and bruschetta your whole table will be raving about all night. I never knew I was such a big fan of Fig until I tried the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpon. You will never find me here without getting one of those. Every soup that I have tried here has been fantastic. This place is a must for every person living in the valley.
My sister and I went in for some food because the pictures we found on yelp looked so tasty! I didn't realize it was more of a wine bar until we got there but was definitely happy to be there, I was totally feeling the vibe. It's very cute and trendy, great music, good staff. It's a great place for any occasion really... My sister and I ordered the bruschetta and split a panini and the food was most definitely AMAZING in every sense of the word. The  burst of flavors was exactly what I was looking for and totally hit the spot! If I had not had to be up at the crack of dawn the next morning I would have definitely split a bottle of wine with sis but we didn't have much time and were just wanting a bite to eat. I will be back for that wine though, I think my sis and I found our new favorite neighborhood place! I'm so glad we stopped by, I seriously can't wait to go back again.
There's not much more I can say about Postino than hasn't already been said... the food is incredible, the wine list is extensive, the menu is reasonably priced, the ambiance is delightful, and the service rocks!. . I was there last night and enjoyed the $20 bottle of wine + bruschetta deal after 8 p.m. The portions on the bruschetta deal were surprisingly generous, and amazingly delicious! I went with the mozzarella with tomato and basil, the goat cheese with roasted peppers, the smoked salmon with pesto, and ricotta with dates and pistachios; I loved the first three, but I would notorder the date and pistachio bruschetta on my next visit. . . I also ordered the "pick two" panini and salad/"soup of the moment" combo, with the Brie and prosciutto panini and a healthy serving of tomato soup. The panini was scrumptious! It was perfectly prepared, and tasted amazing ... I wish I had ordered the full sandwich! The soup was just OK - it wasn't bad, but it was nowhere near as exciting for my tastebuds as the panini. . . I would liken my dining experience at Postino to "If You Give a Mouse a Cookie" -- after I had one phenomenal item, I had to have them all! After polishing off a bold and zesty Syrah from California, I ended up leaving with a bottle of the Reunion Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina. Restaurant patrons receive $9 off bottles of wine to-go, so I mean, I wasn't gonna not... (perfectly acceptable use of double negatives).. . Although it is a trendy spot, Postino has somehow managed to remain friendly and unpretentious - both staff and guests alike. The servers all know their stuff and are more than happy to provide recommendations based on your preferences. Even the least sophisticated palate will feel comfortable dining here on account of the helpful service and charming atmosphere; hence why I hereby award Postino with my first 5/5 star review! . . Aproveche, my friends!
Fig and marscapone bruschetta is to die for. I crave it all the time! Vintage 95 in Chandler has attempted to copy Postino's recipe for success, but it doesn't compare to the service, atmosphere and quality that Postino is known for. Prices are completely fair, wine and beer selection is great. The Mixed Green salad was totally amazing. I drive 30 minutes from Gilbert to get there, and it is worth every minute. I can't wait for the Gilbert location to open! One of the best places in Phoenix,hands down.
I have not located a better place to drink wine and enjoy bruschetta anywhere else in the world.  The food and wine selection are fantastic and the staff keep if flowing!!!
I've wanted to try this place forever since I'm a big bruschetta fan and I've heard theirs is amazing.  Finally decided to check it out on a Saturday around 3pm. Parking is valet like pretty much all of Arcadia but valet is complimentary during lunch, Nice! . . We were seated within a few minutes of arriving.  Checked out the wine list and was pleasantly surprised to find that all wines by the glass were $5 until 5 pm. The selection was good and I really enjoyed the 2 I tried. Service was friendly and attentive throughout without being annoying. . . We ordered a board of bruschetta of course. We chose the Burrata, Bacon, Arugula, & Tomato, Ricotta with Dates & Pistachios, Smoked Salmon with Pesto, and Prosciutto with Figs & Marscarpone. I liked the sweet/savory combo of the Prosciutto one best and my BF said the Burrata, Bacon, Arugula, & Tomato was everything he wanted and more. All were delicious tho! Can't wait to try the others on my next visit!
Postino's is just a bike ride away - and the perfect spot for a relaxing coffee, wine, or beer. What can I say that everyone doesn't already know - This place is the BEST!
Excellent food, great service, groovy atmosphere. Try the Tuscan Tuna Panini and the Cucumber Honey Lemonade! Love this place, never disappointed!
Monday night is reverse happy hour! Starts at 8pm. You get a bottle of wine and choice of 4 bruschetta for $20! The burrata, bacon, arugula and tomatoes  and the warm artichoke spread are to die for! Outstanding! This is definitely a place to go! One thing that was a little annoying was how loud it is in the restaurant, but the great food outweighed the noise.
I miss Postino's.  Once upon a time, I worked less than a block from here, and frequently stopped by for lunch or after work for some wine and bruschetta.  To this day, I have never had anything like their bruschetta.  Don't order it as an appetizer; it's definitely a meal.  Large and luscious, sweet and savory, served on a slightly rustic wooden plank, topped with amazing things like apples, soft cheeses, figs, and pistachios.  It's the stuff dreams are made of.  I wish they would hurry up and open the one in Gilbert.  I'm never in Arcadia at the right time anymore.  Also, do not expect to find parking here; you will definitely have to valet.  That's not just a Postino's thing, though, that's an Arcadia thing.
I will make this short simple and to the point since there are 400 other reviews! Mondays and Tuesdays after 8:00pm this place is the best deal in town - $20.00 for a bottle of wine and some of the best (and generous portions I might add) bruschetta I've had! Heck even if it's not monday or tuesday this place is amazing!. Great location, Great service,Great wine, and Great food = A fabulous time!
Postino is possibly my favorite place in the Valley.  The wine list is divine, the apps are delightful, the setting is relaxed but not too casual. The happy hour can't be beat, but it gets packed fast.  The bruschetta is nearing infamy at this point. I've never had a bad experience, and even hosted my sister's bridal shower here once. Love, love, love this place.  The downtown location is newer and super cute, and the food is just as great as the one on Campbell.
So as expected I have nothing but good things to say about Postino Arcadia. In fact it would be silly for me to comment since it will be a repeat of what everyone else has already said. So I'll just say its a great place to hang out, drink great wine, eat yummy food and soak up the vibe. Must haves are: bruschetta, salted caramel sundae and the pub board.
Like everyone and their mama, we come here for the bruschetta board and honey cucumber lemonade. We love all their different options but our favorite is the tomato jam w/ sheeps milk and the burrata bacon w/arugula and tomato. The tomato jam doesn't sound exciting or unique, but it really is! It's a must! My husband and I got turned on to the tomato jam by our server who recommended it, assuring us that we will not be disappointed. She was right, the first bite was so dangerous because we were hooked immediately! The taste is so addicting and the flavor is amazing! The burrata bacon is also amazing, you can't go wrong with bacon and it is everything you will hope for from a bacon bruschetta and more. . We love their happy hour $5 for a pitcher of hoegaarden! However, lately we have been skipping this amazing offer for their honey cucumber lemonade. It is perfect in sweetness, taste, and it is so refreshing!! It makes water incompetent for refreshment and it makes Gatorade look stupid.
The Brie and Apple with Fig spread Bruschetta is amazing! . . Since I don't live in AZ, I orginally heard of this place by Meghan McCain who I follow on twitter and listed this on her blog as one of her favorite Phoenix hang outs for those that are not native to the area.  Although she listed Postino Wine Cafe, I was brought to this location and I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived.  The staff was knowledgeable on their wine selection and provided great service.  The cork on my bottle of Pinot Noir had "Wine Crystals" or Wine Diamonds", nothing I had seen before.  The server was very informative on explaining what it was, turns out I did my own research and the information provided was very accurate.  http://winesworld.com/index.php/wine-crystals/68/  . . Also, If you are a fan of music, on the Friday night that I was there, they played music by The Whitest Boy Alive, The XX, Phoenix,Hercules & Love Affair and Band of Horses to name a few.  I was tapping my toe as some of these are on my own personal playlist so it instantly gained a few stars for the music alone.   Next, I'm coming back for Sangria Sundays and reggae.  Overall a very unique experience, great ambiance and delicious food..  . Cheers!
Love love love Postinos. It is such a great atmosphere and I'm a huge fan of the rasp chicken salad. . . Will be back again and again!
Postinos is nothing less than F-A-N-T-A-S-T-I-C. I've only been here twice and as a matter of fact, this is as good as it gets!. . My first time was a few months back. We ordered a bottle of wine, the bruschetta and some paninis. Everything was great. The service is a little slow but the food/ambience definitely makes up for it. The next time, I took a few friends along for the $20 wine+bruschetta Tuesday and we had a blast. We also noticed that the place is packed on the deal days so get there earlier than 8pm if you don't wanna wait in line.. This place is awesome, can't wait to go back!
I can see why people are just packing it in here. A great place for visitors and locals.. . Wonderful atmosphere. Quality wines and great gnoshing dishes. There is a friendly, knowledgeable staff to advise folks about there options. Top notch bruschetta with a great combination of fresh ingredients. Brie andapple, dates with pistachios being my favorites.. . Make reservations because the beautiful crowd is huge. . . Best deal ever, happy hour - $5 wine by glass is the best deal before 5pm
Great. Just great. All the positive reviews say it all.  Great outdoors, and before 5:00, wonderful wine discounts.
I went to the new Postino in Gilbert this weekend and was so impressed I stopped in the Arcadia location since I was in the neighborhood.. . Blown away once again.... . I was actually reluctant bringing my 2 and 4 year old to a hipster wine bar but when we arrived, we were greeted warmly and they were very nice and welcoming to my kids. So I was immediately put at ease.. . They have an awesome kids menu with food kids will eat but upscale - PB and J bruschetta or grilled cheese, both accompanied with grapes, apple slices and chips AND a cute little bendy toy - nailed it! There was a 3rd option but it escapes me at the moment. . . I ordered the same thing I had on sunday - white wine blend and bruschetta, soooo good! I crave it.. . I have to say, the customer service is superb. I actually was able to have a relaxing lunch with a wiggly 2 and 4 year old. Fantastic!
This place is a very chill wine bar. Came here after flying in for work and wanted something that would be light, have a good wine selection, and a nice outdoor patio/bar area. Daily Dose fulfills each of those items. . . You MUST get the bruchetta plate. My favorite was the smoked salmon, pesto, and capers and the prosciutto and fig. 4 slices of bruschetta for a single person was too much, but you shouldn't hesitate in bringing along friends. . . I also tried the raspberry chicken salad. Sadly, I was looking for more greens than the chicken pieces. It was still super delicious.. . I ended with an affogato. You can never go wrong with this choice and Postino didn't disappoint me!
I really, really like this place. Several people have mentioned this place to my husband and yesterday we finally gave it a try.....what took so long?! . . Yesterday we stopped by for lunch. We started with the white bean hummus and warm artichoke appetizer served with flatbread. Umm, so good! For my meal I ordered the veggie sandwich on toasted focaccia bread with a side Meditterean salad. Ummmm, so good! My husband went with the chicken sandwich instead, it was sweet and spicy at the same time. For dessert we split the chocolate bouchon. Ummmmmmmmmmm, so incredibly good. Why did I let my husband have the last bite? Next time I will order my own, it is simply too good to share.. . This will be the new place I take friends & family when they come to visit.
Good Stuff can't beat the happy hour. Definitely sign up for their email prior to going in and you should receive a free bruschetta board email.
This is one of my favorite restaurants EVER!!  My husband and I came here 2 days before our wedding as our last date as an unmarried couple!  Our go-to meal includes: Bruschetta Board, Brie and Prosciutto Panini, and a Salted Caramel Sundae.  Everything is AMAZING!  It's also not just about the food but about the atmosphere; we love the easy going feel during the day, and the more upscale night crowd!  It's trendy without being pretentious!  We will always be great patrons of this place!
I have 231 reviews so far and none for one of my all time favorite AZ restaurants? I have to rectify that now. If you love wine and bruschetta than this will be your own version of Heaven. Blasphemy? Then you've never been to Postino! Seriously, they have the best bruschetta you're likely to ever have in your entire life. My top four: . . 1) Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone. 2) Brie & Apples with Fig Spread. 3) Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese. 4) Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & Tomatoes. . Also worthy of mention are the amazing sandwiches. I highly recommend the Autostrada (Sopresatta, Italian ham, cappicola, mortadella, provolone, arugula and tomatoes with spicy pepper relish) and the Nine Iron (Hickory smoked bacon layered with grilled chicken, fresh burrata mozzarella, lettuce, beefsteak tomato and dijonnaise). Fucking awesome.. . As you'll read in most of the other reviews, Postino has a great Monday and Tuesday night special, a bottle of wine and a bruschetta board for only $20. But be warned, it'll be jam packed. Keep in mind they have two other locations as well. For you east valley residents there is a new Gilbert loction. If you are in downtown Phoenix or west valley, then the Central Avenue location a couple blocks north of Camelback will be more convenient.. . With its outstanding food, decor, and ambiance, I'm going to give you a Paul V. guarantee that you will love Postino.
Awsome!!!  Tried the prociutto with figs, brie & apples, and the roasted peppers.  All excellent (although my wife couldn't take the wild game taste of the goat cheese).  We also tried some sandwiches and salads......all excellent.  Didn't try their alcohol  but the bartender seemed really cool and knowledgable as we sat at the bar waiting for our table.
Now I've been to the Gilbert location, and Arcadia, and I have to say I think I like Gilbert better. Don't get me wrong, I'm a huge fan of Postino...amazing food and alcohol, great happy hour deals, and a unique atmosphere, I just didn't dig the Arcadia spot as much. Parking was kiiind of a pain...not many spots to park in. They have valet parking but when you don't have a bill on you it makesvalet diffifult (valet guy was nice polite and friendly). Service inside was spot on as usual. Awesome bruschetta, cheese board, and butcher block. No other issues. Great local wine bar. If you're in the valley and looking for a cool spot, don't leave without checking out a Postino.
Great food, service, ambiance, and prices! Had a great time ordering a bunch of the bruschettas, and we just paid $10 a person. Our server was very nice and attentive and easy going. I will definitely return!
This place is great!  One of my all time favorites! The decor is so nice, romantic, and relaxing.  I love how the restaurant is open to the outside making it a great place to sit wherever you may be seated! The patio is great with small tables and flowers.  This place is good for a date, happy hour, or just hanging with friends.. . My favorite food to eat here is the bruschetta.  I highly recommend the bruschetta! . . My favorites are: . Prosciutto with Figs and Mascarpone. Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese. Burrata, Bacon, and Arugula with tomatoes. Goat cheese and jam  . . Some specials they offer are wine by the glass or a pitcher of beer is $5 before 5pm everyday and Mondays and Tuesdays have specials with bruschetta and a bottle of wine for $20, but it will be busy.   You will LOVE this place!!!
love love this place. great atmosphere and great food. they have the best bruschetta and has great deals on mon and tue night after 8pm. it gets pretty packed, so may wanna go late.
I love Postino. I just wish it was closer. It's a great place to go after work with a few friends for drinks, but then I gotta drive home...  The $20 deal for wine and bruschetta is as good as everyone says. The prosciutto with figs bruschetta is so delicious, the salty flavor of the prosciutto combined with the sweetness of the figs is heavenly. I also love the smoked salmon and pesto combination. If you're a little hungrier and want something to yourself, the paninis are extremely satisfying. My favorite is the Autostrada, it's spicy and savory and a little bit different from any panini I've had anywhere else. The wine selection could be better, but the truth is if you're drinking out and it's not a special occasion, most people are going to want a decent house wine and leave it at that, and Postino's house wines are just fine.
This restaurant is worth the wait in case you stumble upon a busy night. The atmosphere is cozy and the food is delicious. I highly recommend the bruschetta.
Best date night in town.  I LOOOOVE Postino's!!!!
Great food, atmosphere and wine. The red blend is the best wine I've ever had! Great soups and sandwiches and the bruschetta is awesome. Great staff too!
I love this place. The embiance is a cross between laid back and classy. Great wine and LOVE their bruchetta!  This is a great place relax and enjoy an evening or an afternoon.
Always my 'go to' wine bar to hang with my girls.. :-) AND I am in love with the Sangria Sundays there.. We go early to secure our choice table.. under a mister.. in the patio section of where WE want to be.. looking swag! Gettin our Sangria on.. and our bruschetta.. We know the whole thing by heart.. NOW the last time we were there.. We did send a salad back.. NO question from the cutie serving it. He took it.. and said he was sorry.. brought a little extra bruschetta.. and BAM. NOW looka there.. I kept the 5star on the yelp! Actually, it would be hard for Postino to lose that with me, because I have been coming here since I moved to the PHX and no other wine bar compares. I heart all things Postino.. . . MY only wish..Sangrias all week!
Great place to dress up a bit and feel more of an urban vibe. Hip but not pretentious. I went to Postino's Monday night around 8pm. We were given a wait time of an hour for a party of four. The place was full but we managed to find a standing table near the bar to wait out our table. We drank a bottle of "Available" per the recommendation of folks next to us (heavenly) and were visited regularly by waitstaff to fill our water. The music was just the right level to support conversation, but kept a hum in the background. When seated our waiter came to the table nearly immediately and submitted drink orders. For food we had two orders of bruschetta which was more than enough. Everything was delicious. Definitely coming back here.
I come here every time I am in Pheonix! The atmosphere is great and the so is the food and wine. My all time fave is the bruschetta. I would defiantly recommend the goat cheese bruschetta.
The food here is amazing. I recommend the bruschetta to all first time visitors. You won't be disappointed.
Postino. Oh, how you bring love to my heart with your bruschetta boards and interesting atmosphere. . . Love this place! Here's some tips; everyday before 5pm the glasses of wine are $5.. You may have a tough time finding parking so make it easy on yourself and bring cash to valet. Make sure to stop by the LGO grocery store after you eat at Postino. . . Now, onto the food at Postino. Pretty much the best thing you can order is the Bruschetta board because its SOOOO AWESOME! . . As many other Yelpers with great taste have mentioned, a couple of the best bruchettas (although it's tough not to just order 2 boards and get them all- except the artichoke, that one should be avoided). . . Highly Recommended (I don't have the exact names down, but here's the main); the salami one, the one with fig, apples and brie (****BEST*****), the roasted red pepper and mozz/basil/tomato. . . The first time you go, you may just have to order 2 boards if your party is big enough, because they are all so good, except for the artichoke one- that one is NOT good. . . The wait staff does a great job, and I love everything about Postino! After writing this review I need go, like this weekend... Like now, wait, "Can we go to Postino for lunch?"
I had my 40th bday here, best brushetta and wine!
I think it's pretty evident from all the rave reviews that this place is really good so I'll keep it brief.  I'd heard about this place forever and the bottle of win and bruschetta deal but I hadn't actually been until Monday night with a friend from work.  I was really excited once I saw all the differenct varieties of bruschetta we could choose from.  We ended up getting the Apple/Brie, Burratta/Bacon/Arugula, Salmon/Pesto and the Peppers/Goat Cheese.  All of them were delicious and I can't wait to go back again and try the rest!
I didn't think I could love anyplace as much as Postino Central... but I stand corrected.  After finally making it to the Arcadia location, I must say that I loved it equally, but differently.  . . Arcadia seemed a little more comfortable with a relaxed vibe.   The perfect spot to have a casual chat and some noshes, without having to get all done up or break the bank.  . . My favorites are still: bruschetta board (especially prosciutto with fig & mascarpone), mixed greens salad, and the salted caramel sundae - all are perfect for sharing!. . the parking situation is a bit of a nightmare.  The valet is free, but only if you are going to LGO... So as a Postino's patron, you will need to pay $3 for this service.  you might be better off in the free parking across the street near the Arcadia Room.. . TIP - Be sure to sign up for their email list for birthday & anniversary specials!
I was visiting a friend for the weekend and didn't have much time and wanted to go to my favorite places that I've already tried and liked.  She suggested we try Postinos but I whined because it meant we would miss one of the other places I'd been thinking about for months.  I'm so lucky she pushed the issueand took me here!  I don't even remember those other places and want to visit her again so we can eat at Postios!. . We were there before 5 and did the $5 wine special and a bunch of the bruchettas plus a salad.  All of it was delish.  I didn't want to share!  I will say the food combos were fantastic but simple enough to try at home.  I grabbed a take-out menu and brought it back to Los Angeles and have been making my own bruchettas that taste pretty close.  My whole family raves about them.
Postino Arcadia became a weekly event with friends on Monday nights.  We went for the $20 board of bruschetta and bottle deal. Because it's such a great deal, there was always a long wait.  But no worry, because wandering through the store at LGO is a perfect way to kill some time.. . The bruschetta and bottle is usually enough for two, but we like to add in the Butcher's Block which is a selection of meats, cheeses, olives, and asparagus.  . . I love Postino for providing a great place to be with friends, wine, and great food, at an excellent price on a Monday or Tuesday night.  I think it starts the week off right.
If there was ever a restaurant deserving 5 stars, this is it.. . We met some friends here on our last night in Arizona and it made a great book-end for the trip. We went on Monday, when they have a $20 deal for a bottle of wine and a plate of bruschetta. The wine that they serve is their "house" wine, but it knocks the socks off of your typical house wine. The Bruschetta makes a great meal by itself if you want. There are 11 choices (various toppings) and you can have up to four different ones per plate (really a long-handled cutting board, which makes for a nice presentation). The Bruschetta is carefully sliced into smaller pieces so that several people can try each kind. Be prepared to eat and drink a lot; it is such a deal that you will have a hard time saying "no.". . I mostly stuck to the beer that was on draft. There were only two choices, both very good. The draft beer was fresh and refreshing, plus at $7.50 for a small pitcher anytime it was quite a deal. If you come for the earlier happy hour it is $5/pitcher or $5 for a glass of wine, so you can't go wrong. It makes sense to have a small draft beer selection since they are a wine bar and it helps them move through the kegs quickly. I ordered the prosciutto with brie panini, which I had no trouble sharing with my friends. You get the choice of ciabatta or focaccia bread and fresh-made chips or salad- the chips and ciabatta bread were great. Our server helped me pick the ciabatta bread, which she accurately described as the "thinner, crispier" one for my panini.. . The service here is amazing. Our servers were very patient and helpful. The busser would give any Indian restaurant a run for their money with his diligent water-refilling, plus he was thoughtful enough to get our server's attention if we needed anything else. Everyone was dressed nicely and very friendly. At one point a piece of bruschetta fell onto the table or the floor. Without even mentioning it, out server brought over a replacement. She must have noticed from somewhere else in the restaurant and wanted to help.. . The restaurant had a very appealing atmosphere. Lights were dim, but not dark. The colors on the walls made it feel vibrant. Chairs and tables were comfortable, well-maintained, and fit in with the style of the restaurant. It might have been louder if we sat inside, but we were on the patio. Outside we sat in the shade (we arrived when it was still daylight) and the water misters helped keep us cool. The bathrooms are in the back corner, opposite of the front door. You might have to ask a server to point out where to go, but they are glad to help. The fact that the bathrooms simply say "Both" could be an interesting conversation point if you have to wait in line.. . The parking is valet, but you shouldn't be driving anyway. Take a cab if you can help it, or bring a designated driver. The experience is so nice that you won't want to leave, unless maybe you make a friend to bring with you.
Great location in Arcadia. Huge windows let in great lighting. Flowers all around the restaurant. Superb wine selection and amazing Bruschetta.
The mailman delivers!  What a cool place that at one time was an old post office. Great and I mean great bruschetta. A staff that really knows their wine and points you in the right direction.  A really cool and hip crowd, with the exception of me of course!  An unbelievable playlist. Definitely a place where you can hang for hours.
I really enjoy this place! From the eclectic beer and wine list to the amazing staff and good tunes, this place is great. The staff is super friendly and always on top of it. I operate a restaurant and looking at this place I love so many things about it. If you have not been this is the one to go to. Central is also good, but not quite as good as this one and Windsor if you are in search of the cocktails! Always a pleasant experience and simple, but delicious food..  The Italian picnic salad is one of my favorites!. Thanks Postino and thanks for hiring good people.
One of my all time favorite restaurants. Bruschetta is amazing!
Probably my favorite "indulge" spot after a long week to grab a glass of wine or a cold beer and a huge bruschetta plate. The greeter is always the same guy, button down shirt, hat of some kind, a witty remark at how often I eat at Postinos, and last time we ate there he actually sat down and cracked us up after our appetizers. My favorite bruschetta is the goat cheese and red peppers or the tomato jam and sheep's milk, though the warm artichoke and the salami with pesto are always close seconds. Sangria Sundays are the absolute best, with a great staff, everyone is always in a fabulous mood- and the Sangria is to die for. I take everyone who hasn't been to Postinos there, given the chance. The only rough part is the parking- that's usually the case in Arcadia, but I found a secret spot recently, I won't disclose here so no one takes it. LOVE Postino's food, service, and atmosphere.
Heck yes! This place is amaze-balls USA population wine :). . I love going to this joint! Monday and Tuesday night specials with a board of bruschetta and bottle of wine... who could ask for more?!
Tomato jam bruschetta.  That's all you need to know.
I love this place!  It's on my short list of places to make sure to take visitors.  I always get the bruschetta and there are so many different options to choose from it never gets old.  One of favorites in the valley.
I was a bit skeptical of Postino because I had heard so many great things about it and didn't really understand how bruschetta could be that great, but now I'm a believer. It's the whole package of the location, the vibe, the constant crowd, and of course - the amazing food! I ordered a board of bruschetta, planning to split it with my friend, but then remembered she is unable to have gluten! It was so delicious that I finished the whole board by myself! I just couldn't say no to the brie, apple & fig, or red peppers & goat cheese, or prosciutto, fig & marscapone, or the burrata, bacon, arugula, & tomatoes. My fave of these four was the brie, apple & fig. Deeee-lish!
Loved this place! Amazing food and wine! Service was great! Beautiful experience.
Love love love this place!  If I could go every Sunday drink wine, eat a bruchetta board and listen to music I would.  Mixed diverse crowd and great service! win win!
Pretty awesome service! Excellent food and great music!
Great food, great wine, awesome happy hour... what more could you want?!?!
Always great service, lovely ambience, great wine selection, and appies that can't be beat. The bruschetta is delicious, the meat platter is divine, and the cheese plate delights my palate. Our party of 10 had a very enjoyable evening here with extremely attentive service. I can't ever say 'no' to Postino's. Ever!
I'm on a huge Postino kick lately and had another awesome dinner there last night with five girlfriends.  Since my last review of this place was in 2008, I figured it was time for an update, but honestly, not too much has changed since then - I'm a very loyal customer and have been for years!. . My favorite menu items are still the same too:. The artichoke dip (which actually comes with hummus too but I always special request double artichoke instead because I love it so much), the mixed green salad with added turkey, chicken, or prosciutto, and the bruschetta board... My top two bruschetta faves are Brie & Apple with Fig Spread and Prosciutto, Fig & Mascarpone. Mmmmm!. . I'm not currently drinking (I'm prego again), but of course this is the perfect place to go for a glass of wine or four as well!  . . Service is always fabulous and the atmosphere rocks too.  So in my eyes, this place deserves five stars... even almost five years from my original review!. . Of course, it is worth noting that it's not only a favorite of mine, there are plenty of others that love it too... so, sometimes you may have to wait a bit.  If you've got a large party (eight or more), I highly recommend making a reservation ahead of time.
My favorite place for a date and conversation. The decor is unique since it was a restored post office. Lots of lounge and table type seating.Try the bruschetta board! I always order the sweet tomato jam and sheep's milk, ricotta and dates, apples and brie, and salmon/pesto. Consistently great food & drinks. Service has more spunk and personality at this Postino location too. Try the cucumber lemonade if you don't like wine or just plain water. If you order wine and it isn't happy hour, you can easily spend more than $30 on yourself. However, I think it is worth it, and I always leave full and happy. Thanks Postino!
This place is A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. If you haven't been to Postino's, you are missing out! They have awesome happy hour specials - $5 for the equivalent of 2 glasses of wine (if that's your poison) or a mini pitcher of beer which comes out to about 2 1/2 glasses of beer. That little for booze?! Sign me up!!! Mondays (I think it's Monday...) all bottles of wine are half off! They feature a lot of local wines and hard to find wines. This is the place where I first fell in love with Moscato. I can't say enough about their Moscato except that it is delicious!. . Their bruschettas are very tasty and hands down the best I've ever had. They get creative with their toppings and there's something to please palettes of all kinds. If I had to narrow down my top 4 favorites, I would choose: the apple, brie, and honey; fig, marscapone, and pistachio; the mozzarella, basil, and tomato; and finally the prosciutto and fig.. . Downside - parking can be tough since this place is usually hopping. But they offer valet at a staggering price of $3. That's right - 3 bucks. Not too bad to have someone park your car 20 feet away. Also, the service can lag at times depending on how busy they are. But obviously those 2 things did very little to sway my 5 star review.
If you have never been before, get the bruschetta.  Sample five different versions.  It's all good!
Noone does bruschetta like postino.  Figs, goat cheese, brie, salmon, capers... just some of the ingredients you might find on their bruschetta.  And, you can mix and match.. . The 5 dollar glasses of wine for happy hour are great.  . . The ambience in all of the restaurants owned by this group are amazing.  Its similar to Windsor, but with different food.  It's the kind of place you have a great time hanging out on because the clean/modern/hip atmosphere rubs off on you!. . Highly recommended
Brie and Apple with Fig bruschetta....I dont need to say anything else!!!!  (except $5 glasses of wine til 5 all week and $5 mimosas til 5 on the weekends)  Best place to spend a Sunday afternoon
Love everything about this place: The food, the atmosphere, the people watching! The happy hour is good too!
Great environment, good wine selection, the butchers block is very tasty, and my all time fav here, the prosciutto bruschetta with figs & mascarpone. One of the best prosciutto bruschetta's i've ever had.
My fiance loves this place.  I therefore love it as well, since the majority of my reason for choosing an establishment is to make my fiance happy. anyway, the place is trendy and fun and I would recommend it as a great place for a first date.
Excellent food and friendly service.  Excellent value and great atmosphere.
This place is amazing.  Best bruschetta in town, i had the chicken and mozz it was awesome.  on the bruschetta i recomend prosciutto brie and figs, artichoke, and the tomato and fresh mozz but you really cant miss no matter what you get.  i can not get emough of this place
One of my favorite spots for any time , any day of the week ! Everything here is yummy and delicious ! The staff is always awesome ! If I could give this place more stars - I would ! :)
I sat at the bar. Ordered the sangria (very good), and the bruschetta. Live music on Sundays for lunch is amazing. The roasted peppers with goat cheese bruschetta, and the apples, brie, and fig spead AMAZING. It was a perfect brunch.
Excellent bruschetta, we ordered a 2nd set! The place was packed, but we got a table pretty quickly.  The staff was extremely helpful and knew their wine and offered great recommendations.  We were all traveling for business, I can't wait to be back in the area to go again!
I love this place and finally was able to sucker my picky husband into going. He loves bruschetta, but I'm pretty sure this topped the cake for him.. They have had a win with me from the very first time and easily won my husband over. . Service is always good. Food is always great. Hipster vibe is pretty legit. :)
i was impressed.  very much not phoenixish and very nice break from corporate. very unique, very good food, classy.
I've seen fellow Yelpers mention how much they love Postino's, and I finally got there! Friends and I met here for wine and light bites before heading to the Zoo Lights. Parking is a pain (I'll park my own car, thankyouverymuch) but after that it was all good. It was a chilly Phoenix night, but the open wall seems to somehow work well -- the outside seating melds nicely into the inside. If the forecast calls for cool temps, I recommend that you bring a light jacket.. . All of the staff I encountered were great. The first chick recommended a fabulous red which I enjoyed immensely. When my friends arrived, we had the Pub Board and a couple of Bruschetta boards -- fantastic!!  We had fig and apple, warm artichoke spread, smoked salmon and capers, roasted peppers and goat cheese...just delicious. The pretzels and spicy mustard were the best I've ever had, anywhere. . . The atmosphere and ambiance are close to perfect. I'll definitely bring friends here!
Bruschetta boards are great. Fun place!
I lived within walking distance of Postino for 5 years - and it is still one of my favorite Arcadia neighborhood spots.  The wine list is always changing and is really well picked.  Their bruschetta boards are fantastic - I especially recommend the pistachio/date or the Prosciutto/fig.  Their salted caramel desert sunday is totally worth leaving room for!  This is a great place for a get together with friends or an intimate date night.  The service is always great and everyone who works there really knows their wine - so you can get advice from your server on which wines will meet your tastes each month when the new list comes out.  Brent's Picks are always a safe way to choose your wine also!  Love Love Love Postino!
Just go.  Get the bruschetta.  Get a $5 glass of wine.  Get another.  Get another.  Get another.  Call a taxi.  Come back tomorrow.  Repeat as needed.
Came here with some girlfriends for an afternoon bite/happy hour. I'm from Minnesota. Happy hour seven days a week is unheard of. What a deal. Especially with $5 glasses of wine! Any single one on the menu. . . The bruschetta is amazing--recommend the apples and goat cheese. De-lish!. . Service could be toned down somewhat; very helpful but maybe a little TOO helpful.
Great job Yelp and Yelp reviewers. We only selected this restaurant because of the good reviews. We were expecting a traditional Italian restaurant but it turned out to be much more fun. We ordered the pasta fagIoli soup and shared four bruschettas and a couple of glasses very good wine. Great music too!
I cannot even begin to say enough great things about Postinos! Great food (try the artichoke bruchetta...yummy) , great service, great prices, and a wonderful atmosphere! If you haven't been there, you are missing out!
I've been coming here for years and I'm happy to report that it's still as great as ever. I met a couple of my girlfriends here after work last week. We stayed for hours at our little patio table and the wait staff was attentive, friendly and helpful the entire time. The wine was nice and the portions are generous. The bruschetta is beyond belief good. It's really just a proven nice place to spend some time with people over good food and wine. It will always be one of my go-to places.
REVIEW IS FOR DESSERT, DECOR AND SERVICE ONLY. . My friend, Peter, that I manage a restaurant with in San Diego, suggested that I stop here. He used to work at the joint and said that it is amazing. . . When my friend and I arrived at the door the hostess said that it would be an hour and fifteen minutes for a table, on a TUESDAY! WOW! That says a lot about this place. Instead of waiting we just grabbed a side table in the lounge and had the most Amazeballz Salted Caramel Sundae!. . Our server was prompt with waters and our order. I went to the bar to meet Josh, the bartender. I told him that I was friends with Peter and he said that he was expecting me to come in. He said that this was a slow night! HA! Josh seemed like a really nice guy and a fun person to have serve you. . . I love the open concept, eclectic mix of music, hip scene and beautiful crowd.  . . I'm telling you what, if I ever moved to Phoenix I'd love to work at this place! As an experienced industry person, I could tell that this place has it's shit together. :-)
How do you add Yelp value to a business that has already been reviewed 579 times? What else can I say that has not been said before? Probably nothing, but I don't write Yelp reviews for you, I write them for me. And I love it.. . So, lets face it, you're not scrolling through 578 reviews to find mine, and really, i'm not terribly offended by it. Let me do you (and me) a favor and break it down very simply and give you the hard.cold.facts:. . The best day to go: Monday night. . Why?: $20 for any bottle of wine and a bruschetta board (4 different types) starting 8pm. . Strategy: go there 10-20mins before and scout out for a table. Expect an extremely long wait if you get there after 8pm. . What to order (in order of tasty): [Bruschetta] Tomato jam and goat cheese, fig and prosciutto, Apple and brie, pesto and salami, pistachio and date, caprese (lacks balsamic vinegar and olive oil). [Other] Olives.. . Don't bother getting: white bean hummus is pretty insipid and the artichoke dip doesn't add much to your meal, nor is on discount during their Monday specials.. . Best group number: 2-4 is pretty perfect. Anything more will be hard to accommodate as the space is pretty small.. . Overall impression: ridiculously good deal on Monday to share with 4-5 people, paying only $8-10 to get sufficiently tipsy and full. Location is classy, service is pretty decent but be aware that the parking situation sucks as the lot in front of it will tow you for parking there.
Love this place!!! Great food, drinks and people!!
So many people have had amazing experiences here. Whether its the service you get , the food quality, the ambiance or the amazing deals... its all been said. But hell, I will say it all again... . ~Fud/Drink~. I have had bruschetta many times, at many places. They do bruschetta the RIGHT WAY. They give you so many different options to choose from, and each one tastes as good as the next. I am a salmon fan, so their salmon bruschetta was exquisite in my eyes. They have so many amazing wines to offer you as well, so many its almost impossible to not find the right fit for your meal. I have yet to try other main entrees on the menu, but do not worry I will. Just remember, you can taste the quality. They take good care of their product and make sure the kitchen pumps out quality dishes.. . ~Atmosphere/Service~. The Servers really know their stuff. They understand why you're their and they seem to really rock to the vibe of the place. Hipsters love it, I love it, and the servers are awesome at what they do. The suggestions they provide prove to really help make the night a better one. The atmosphere is great, a real hipster vibe for sure. I enjoy a relaxed calm spot personally, especially after a long day at work, and  they nail it. Its just quiet enough to sit down and relax with someone special, yet loud enough that no one can hear your conversation.. . ~Extras/Rating~. . Regarding the $20 Bruschetta/Wine deal: GET-THERE-EARLY. Or else you might find yourself waiting for an hour to get served. I do not fault them for having to put you on a long wait-list, especially because its such an amazing deal and so popular just suck it up and get there earlier or 30 minutes earlier than what you would normally want. Their $20 Bruschetta/Wine pairing is the best happy hour item I have ever seen. No lie. That alone puts them in the upper echelon for date night go-to's and perfect chill happy hour locations in the valley here. . .  No one can lay claim to such a unique and perfect option, despite the fact that numerous other bars have attempted. They may try, but the quality of food and vast selection of wines, paired with the ambiance they provide, blows all competitors out of the water. The only thing I hate about this place, is that I didn't think of it first.. :) 5 stars because they deserve it, enough said.
A wonderful place for lunch or a casual romantic dinner!  The salads and bruschetta trays are our favorites and the wine list is fabulous!
Love this place! a favorite for a leisurely afternoon lunch!
I go here every so often on Sundays for sangria with my girls. It's a nice escape and a prime location for shopping. Bruschetta is a must, I also really enjoy their tuna sandwich. The reggae on Sunday happens to be great, and yes, the dude who plays with dreads down to the floor? Those are real.
Can't say anything that's not already been said, just reiterate it.  Fab bruscetta!  Can't go wrong with any of those selections. I've been in the evening when it's super crowded, but my favorite time of day is lunch especially when it's a beautiful day and the garage doors are open, you can't beat this place for ambiance!
I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE.. . The bruschetta is amazing! The wait staff is uber-knowledgable about the wine and beer and it is a fun, hip, laid-back environment.. . Even with 10 people for a bachelorette party, we didn't feel rushed, forgotten or neglected, and the waitresses were super nice! I'll definitely be back to Postino Arcadia!
Can't believe I am saying this...but I wish we had a place like this in Sac! I visited Postino's last week during my visit to Phoenix. Didn't know exactly what to expect but I walked away knowing i would miss it.  My friend and I ordered the sparkling Rose wine along with an order of their Brushchetta.  Oh delicious!. . The way their bruschetta menu works, is you choose 4 toppings for $12.75. It is served on full, thick slices of delightfully soft, perfectly crusted Italian bread.  My favorite was the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone (favorite).  Although I also ordered the mozzarella and basil....I didn't care for it as it sat next to the first variety. :) Yummo!. . The best part is...on Monday and Tuesdays, there's a special! Our total would have been about 45 bucks (bottle of wine roughly $25 and Brushchetta $12.75), we walked away paying a little over $20!  Can't wait to come back to Phoenix for this little haven. :). . If you are a local patron, stop by.  You won't regret it. :)
Amazing bruschetta--I recommend the one with figs--and fairly priced. Good beer selection and tasty bellinis. Their meat and cheese appetizer is pricy, but so good. Cheese and cornuts! Amazing! . . Very accommodating on the night of my birthday, including a free dessert. I love the atmosphere and attention to detail. Even their name is stamped on their TP. That's pretty cool.. . I've only ever been for dinner and would definitely like to try their brunch.
Great place!!
What more do you need to say about this place other than perfect 5 stars. They are consistent, fun and awesome. I love all oftheir food but my favorite thing is the butchers block cheese board. My boyfriend and I will grab a few glasses and share that and it fills us up. We also get the salted caramel sundae - YUM. My favorite wine is the Fernlands sauvion blanc but they always have a great selection and it changes up pretty often.
Perfect date spot!  But also perfect for a friendly gathering for wine and bruschetta.  My friends and I ordered a couple of bottles of prosecco  and 7 or 8 different kinds of bruschetta.  Perfect for 5 people and we had a great time talking and laughing underneath the heat lamps outside.  I loved this place and I will definitely come back every time I visit Arizona. . . Dear Postino, open a location in San Francisco.  Thanks!
I have eaten... . EVERY.. SINGLE.. BRUSCHETTA.. FLAVOR.. . I plan to be buried with them. They are that good.. . When i'm rich and famous one day, I will dine on nothing but Postino's bruschetta until I balloon and can no longer fit through my door and need to escape through the bay window to satiate my bruschetta needs.. . That tasty.
Awesome atmosphere, amazing bruschetta.  Sunday brunch is the best - I love the live music!  They treat customers well too, especially if you join the mailing list.
I had a great time here in this post office converted to neighborhood restaurant.  Note to namers:  You could probably drop the Arcadio in the name because everything around is Aracdia this, Arcadia that.  Kind of like Florida where it is pelican or palm or sunshine whatever.  We get it.. . Anyway, there was good,  live music somethere over there in the corner.  Servers were peppy and fun and informed,  The menu was largely small plates for small budgets and small appetites, which seem to fit in this hip, gentrifying neighborhood.. . Organic and fresh all the way.  We had a choice of bruschetta and it was terrific.  Especially the fig and goat cheese with sauteed onion.. . Decor is eclectic.  They kept the frame of the former federal post office, complete with delivery bay door framing, and put the required exposed ducts in the ceiling.  The wall next to where we sat at high topped tables was papered with a humorous, Brooklyn toile. . . Parking is really limited, so expect to cruise the side streets for a space.
Went here last night for date night. Couldn't have asked for a better atmosphere or better service that just added to a great experience. . . We had been to Postinos before, but never to this location. We sat outside and the lighting of the place was perfect for a romantic night. The service was incredible. I believe our server was Mark. We were in between two types of bruschetta for our last pick and he ended up bringing the other one we didn't order just so we could try it - on the house. It only would have been an extra $4 for us to try, but it was the gesture that really impressed us. . . We will definitely be back again for the food, but we loved the service at this location!!
$5 WINE and BRUSCHETTA FROM THE GODS. WHAT MORE CAN YOU ASK FOR?. . It was my first time in Phoenix this weekend and I wanted to shoot myself because I was disappointed by so many places that people raved about on yelp/tripadvisor (i.e. Carolina's, Desert Botanical Garden, The Vig - to name a few). . I stopped by Postino's on my last day there and if it wasn't for this place, I would probably never visit again.. . FYI - stop by La Grande Grocery next door and try the A-Z cookie. It's BOMB.
Okay; this place is pretty dang tasty and their most popular dishes are the Bruschetta! How can little pieces of bread with an assortment of toppings can be so amazing? . . To name a few:. Ricotta with dates & pistachios: The cheese is not over powering and the date gives it the sweetness whereas the pistachios give it a nice crunch. . . Prosciutto with figs & mascarpone: Luckily it was fig season because you can never go wrong with prosciutto and figs! . . Salmon and pesto: It's something that everyone usually gets but honestly this was kind of a disappointment. The salmon was a bit thin and I didn't like it with the pesto. . . Brie & Apples with fig spread: Brie is literally the tastiest cheese. buttery, sweet and crunchy from the apple (another favorite) . . The bruschetta does change occasionally but they keep some of the popular ones on the menu. Great place to hang out with your friends and drink wine from their extensive wine bar.
OMG I was taken here as a reward for upgrading a friend's laptop and I most definitely got the good end of the deal. While crowded, did not have to wait long to be seated, attended to quite promptly and ordering was not a hassle, I picked up the Roast Beef Panini with home made potato chips and I know my chips, these were awesome, and of yeah the sandwich was huge I only ate a quarter of it but trust me it did not make it overnight at home, enjoyed it with a gusto. Nice energy that flowed in the place, must do again.
I absolutely love Postino's - the atmosphere, the food, the wine. I give it 5 stars because the atmosphere and service is amazing - friendly, refreshing, fun. The bruschetta is awesome, of course!
Monday and Tuesday night, this is the place to be. Plan on a short wait for a table though! For $20 you get a bottle of wine and a bruschetta board, making this the PERFECT date spot! The setting is industrial, yet dark and intimate. The service is hurried, but efficient. And the food, oh the food is delicious! Coming from the same family of restaurants as Windsor, and Federal Pizza Kitchen, the success and popularity, as well as the quality of Postino comes as no surprise!
Same great happy hour and food as the central location.  I did not note a difference in the food between both locations.  . Arcadia has a nice outdoor patio, I prefer the tables that sit halfway outside and halfway inside.  See if you can get one when you visit.  Enjoy anything with fig on it. :)
Food is great for a small snack.  I wouldn't go there if you want a full dinner.  Awesome deck to hang out.
I LOVE this place-- the only issue, since it is an open venue, is that there are flies all over, and they are annoying as heck.. . BUT that does not stop me from giving this place 5 stars because it deserves is based on their bruschetta alone.. . The BF and I go here and share the bruschetta and a panini, and it is WAY filling. Sharing a bottle of wine is also a good time.. . Parking is always awful, and I recommend reservations whenever possible because it can get packed.. . My two fav bruschette are the salmon and the roasted red pepper with goat cheest. SO good!!!
What can I add that others haven't already said?  This place is adorable, the food is delicious, the wine selection is admirable and the employees are great.  . . Go.  Go now.
My absolute favorite place to go. Great ambiance and wine selection. Ideal for getting cozy on a date or happy hour with girls. Get the apple and Brie bruschetta and the tomato jam bruschetta. Delicious.
SPEC-TACULAR...  As always, Postino's (backed by Paradise Bakery or not) nails it each and every time they do almost anything. Short and sweet.......Thanks for consistency in food, service, atmosphere and style.  Many props to all locations.
Love this place
Woohoo!  This place is a great place to just chill and relax with a great glass of vino or an ice cold beer.  Great open atmosphere and friendly staff.  The ambiance rocks at night and the staff are very helpful and friendly.
All Phoenicians know Postino and its makers are local celebrities and geniuses. Everything they touch turns to gold. There's nothing they don't do exceptionally well. . . This is the perfect brunch spot, the perfect date spot, the perfect lunch spot... you  name it. Definitely the place you take a visitor from out of town. I am not much of a wine drinker but I have been pleased with everything I have ever tried here.. . I have never been here when it's NOT busy so expect a wait. But it's well worth it.
OMG!!! This place is A.MAZ.ING! If you dont get the bruchetta appetizer than you will be missing out. SO tasty!
One of my favorite wine bars in the area  - great ambiance, wine selection and bruschetta. $5 glasses of wine before 5:00 pm! My favorite bruschetta picks are the Brie & Apples with Fig Spread, the Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone and the Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese - but they are all good! . . Almost always busy - expect a wait on the weekends and weeknights if they have any specials going on.  Parking is also very limited but there is usually a valet available.
Hands down one of my favorite places. The people who work there are always awesome and "on it". The food is great and I just love the atmosphere; whether it's during the day or at night with the candlelight. I also love the music they play. I always feel calm and happy here. I'd highly recommend.
Yep, I loved it! Friends from school have raved about it and it is all that they said it would be!! Perfect bruschetta, yummy salad shared with a friend, and a cozy place to sit! The apple, honey, and Brie bruschetta brought a tear to my eye, I know that is weird.,......but omg, yum!
DELISH. Atrichoke sandwich is the way to go! (light on the cheese tho!)
The bruschetta is awesome!!!! It is so good that this is now my 86 year old grandmother's favorite place to go! In fact, my grandmother, mother, and I (3 generations) go to Postino's weekly!!!
Love it all!!  Food, wine atmosphere. Only down side is the acoustics. Hard to have conversation and be heard
When I was first deciding on moving out to Phoenix over a year ago, I stayed the weekend with a few friends of ours.  On a whim they took us to there favorite restaurant in the valley.  They brought us to this little wine bar named Postino that served bruschetta 10 different ways.  Let me tell you, I moved to Phoenix from Chicago about a year ago and more than the great weather and affordable living, Postino had a little something to do with me making the move.  I'm only kind of kidding.  This place is great, I've been here about 10 times the last year and it never disappoints.  Their bruschetta is delicious and totally affordable and I always tell my guests, we take all of our Midwest visitors here, the bruschetta is great but don't be afraid to hit up the sandwiches as well.  My favorite bruschetta must be the tomato jam with fresh sheep's milk cheese, it is unbelievable, all their bruschetta choices are great though.  I am not much of a wine guy, which is probably heresy when describing how great Postino is, but the beer selection here is just a good. If happy hours are your thing, Postino has these great happy hours that serve any pitcher of beer and any glass of wine for only $5 from 11AM-5PM seven days a week.  Seriously this is one of the best places to dine and chill in the valley.  The atmosphere is cool, lots of hip good looking people around, the music is low key, and the service is attentive and lively.  The servers know their stuff when it comes to wine and beer.  If I had to recommend one place to anyone coming to the Valley for work or play, this would be the spot.  It really can't be missed.
Simply the best bruschetta in the world! arugula and prosciutto fig & marscapone is my favorite but all of them are worth trying at least once in your life. Can't wait to return to Phoenix one day and come back for more.
Bruschetta is amazing!
Postino's is a great place for a date or evening out with friends.  The Arcadia location is in a cool neighborhood and the building opens up on one side to an outdoor patio... which is awesome on an evening with nice weather.. . I have to admit, I haven't tried very much from the menu.  Every time I come, the rest of the table and I order bruschetta to share and some wine.  Although I'm sure the rest of the food is great, I really do recommend bruschetta.  There are 12 different varieties to choose from, with everything from the classic tomato, mozzarella and basil to brie with apple slices to prosciutto.  Every single one is delicious.  They work well for one order for two people, so order accordingly.  For our group of 4, we got 2 orders.  With four varieties each, we got to try 8 of the 12 available.  It was easiest to say that we'd try one of everything, with the exception of the ones that had an ingredient someone at the table would prefer to skip.. . We also split a bottle of wine, which complimented the meal very well.  Our server was knowledgeable enough to recommend a bottle based on what we were in the mood for, and he really hit the mark.  We were amused that the woman whose job it was to fill water glasses would come around so often that the glass never got below half empty.  It was almost too much, but hey, we stayed well hydrated.. . The atmosphere is very "cool" with dim lighting, modern decor, and a definite wine theme throughout.  Service has been excellent each time I've dined here.  Those are perks for sure, but the bruschetta would keep me coming back anyway!  Check out any of the Postino's that may be near you!  If you go in on Monday or Tuesday after 8, their date night special is a bruschetta platter and a bottle of wine for $20.  Can't beat that!. . Keep in mind that Postino Arcadia is valet parking only ;)
We started with the butcher's block (literally a wood block FILLED with the most delicious cheeses, olives, hummus, dry aged meats, bread, and heaven) then followed with the bruschetta plate.  We chose 4 different selections, but our favorite was the one with arugula.  We had planned on order a pannini to split and a cup of soup after this, but we were so stuffed we did not get passed the apps!  And for location and clientele (valet parking usually scares us off.... haha!), we were surprised we walked out of there with full, satisfied tummies and a slight buzz for less than $50!  We cannot wait to get a sitter again and check it out.  Right now they have a deal on Monday and Tuesday evening for a bottle of wine and the bruschetta for like $20. Whoa!
Super cute and fun place to have happy hour with friends or to grab dinner. Their food is excellent and the location cant be beat!
Love this place! I still kinda like the one on Central slightly better, but this has a cool inside/outside vibe and being next to LGO is awwesome!
I've been a longtime Yelp lurker over many years, and have read thousands of reviews that have lead me to awesome finds and away from the not-so-greats.  . . Postino gets the privilege of being my first review! I have been in the Phoenix area for a total of 7 days since January and I have ended up at various Postino locations 4 times in those days. That says a lot from somebody who normally would always try a new place instead of frequenting the same spot over and over. Here's why:. . Fun vibe - casually bougie without the pretense (it's possible!). . Awesome servers - attentive and personable without being annoying or overbearing.. Amazing bruschetta - perfectly toasted with great combinations of toppings. I prefer the savory over sweet. . Excellent wine and beer selections - they've got your standards plus the locals plus some unique options that'll keep you busy.. Price is right - I'll gladly share my student loans + interest with Postino, even after 5pm as I did last night with a group of friends.. . I will say the cheap Asian in me isn't a fan of the valet parking (it's not always there, though). They are lucky I'm too lazy to walk in the heat of summer. My mother would be so disappointed if she knew I paid for valet.  . . As a new transplant just down the road, I have a feeling I'll be back many times.  For those of us busy during the day, I am so happy they have weekend happy hour and date night specials. Just need to find the date first, but I won't digress... ;p. . Really though, other restaurants should take note.
The best place to go for great food and wine
By far one of my most favorite restaurants in the entire Phoenix metro area. . . I've been coming to Postino for years now, it never let's me down. The clever and eclectic decor, staff and menu always lives up to hype.. . You cannot beat their bruschetta and wine menu. There is something for everyone! Great place for groups, special occasions, dates and girls night!. . You really can't go wrong with any of the upward restaurants, which is the reason why this is a go-to for me, when friends and family come to visit and every birthday :)
Love this place, great wine selection and can't go with out the Bruschetta! Great Happy Hour Specials. Does fill up quick with limited seating so get there early! Great service as well!
Awesome wine and bruschetta at really reasonable price! Well worth the trip.
Postino is an essential spot to check out if you are, or ever plan to be in the Vally. . . Bruschetta. Panini. Meat. Cheese. Bread. Wine. Beer. Can you dig it? Do you have a pulse? . . Try to make it during the time they have the special for a bottle of wine and bruschetta board for $20. If you are reading this review right now you probably have the ability to find out when that is, so do it, because I can't remember. . . The Bruschetta board comes with 4 types of bruschetta, you have to order this. I have tried all of them and each is great in its own way but, you must have the Brie & Apples - to die for. . . Get the Nine Iron panini. . . The cheese board is my favorite appetizer. . . Any or all of that with a Hop Knot and you might just forget you are on planet Earth.
Love this place. Great ambiance and food. Wish I could go weekly.
Beautiful restaurant, with a friendly staff. Extensive selection of wine, and reasonably priced beer. I'm a big fan of the happy hour specials.. . The bruschetta is delicious. My personal favorite is red bell peppers with goat cheese. I really like that you can pick for different toppings for a single serving - it's a great way to sample all the different types of bruschetta. The bellinis are also really good if you're not in a beer or wine mood.. . I really need to go back and try more of the menu. Can't wait!
Just as good as Postino Central, and more spacious.  Food and wine are excellent as always.  I would recommend a Tempranillo if you want a red wine that is more fruity but not as strong as Carbenet.  Be aware that gratuity is 20% for a large group and parking is limited around the restaurant (although they do have valet for $3).
Is there anywhere else in the Valley that does bruschetta this yummy? I think not! Love their catering too!
Absolutely my favorite place in town! Best bruschetta EVERRR!!! Oh, and when you go ask for Miles -- he's the most amazing server ;) and quite handsome too, I might add!
Bruschetta is a must here. All the flavor options are delicious, but a personal favorite is prosciutto and fig. Soups are delicious as well. Only downside is parking. The lot is really small so you either have to do valet or park further down the street and walk over. Great place for lunch or snacks with drinks in the evening.
We stopped here last night and glad we did.  The choice of four bruschetta was awesome loved them all white bean, artichoke, burrata and mozzarella. My glass of Manifesto Zin was really good as well.  A nicely appointed restaurant that I would frequent more given the chance.
You must get the Brushetta and order the roasted bell peppers and goat cheese! One of the best! It is usually pretty crowded and can be kind of noisy but if you know that going in ask to sit on the patio!
I have only gone to Postino during the Monday/Tuesday $20 nights where you get a bottle of wine and choice of 3 bruschettas for the cheap price of $20.  I always order a bottle of moscato d'asti and a trio of Brie & Apples with fig, Prosciutto with figs & mascarpone and Fresh Mozzarella with tomato and basil.  I usually go with a few of my girlfriends and this makes a great meal with fantastic wine and some good gossip. :)  Come early as seats fill up extremely quickly and the wait can get very long.  This deal starts after 8pm.
Love Postino. They have a fantastic brunch on the weekend. Evenif you are not a wine drinker you will find something you will love.
MEB Management ....regarding The Highland Apartments, 15255 N Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd, Scottsdale, AZ 85260.. . The other night (it was real hot), unbearable.  My a/c wasn't working. At approximately 9 pm, I called MEB Management.  Never in my mind did I think I would get the prompt, efficient and courteous service that I was about to receive.  . . I got a call back with five minutes from Jesus.  He gave me instructions that the line might be frozen and he'd call me back in 1/2 hour. It still didn't work. . . The next thing that I knew he said he was on his way, with a 'portable' unit to cool my place down until they could get on the roof the next morning.. . I was expecting a huge metal unit to arrive with no way to put it into my sliding window.  . . What they brought me was a very modern plastic unit with clean ducting that vented outside, this was at 10:30 pm a night when the work was finally done.. . I was appreciative, it cooled my whole place down and my night and the next day were able to be normal. . . The humble professionalism of Ira, the head of maintenance staff and Nychell as well are always appreciated.. . Tracy, Marsha and Jessica are the office staff that I am also happy with. Five stars to The Highlands for this!  . . Sincerely and satisfied tenant.
I can't say enough good things about Postino. As far as locations go, I think Gilbert has the best food overall followed by Postino Arcadia and then Postino Central, but I would give all of them 5 stars except Postino Central which I gave 4 (due to freshness of ingredients).  . . If this is your first time trying Postino, you MUST try the bruschetta. It is out of this world. I've been to a couple of different other places that seem as if they are trying to copy Postino's bruschetta, but it is never as good. . . Aside from the bruschetta, the salads are wonderful, all of them, my favorite being the italian picnic. . . Most importantly, the wine is amazing at Postino. If you are not sure which to try, ALWAYS try the Postino exclusive. It will never let you down. All the locations except for Gilbert will let you take home an unfinished bottle which is really nice also. Even better, on Mondays and Tuesdays if you come at 8pm they have their special - any bottle of wine AND a tray of bruschetta! It cannot be beat!!
Fabulouso!!!!!!!!!
Best bruschetta in Phoenix!!
My favorite place to eat in the valley!  I love Postino!  They have THE BEST buscetta in the world.  They have some interesting combinations and they all work very well together.  The service is great!  The vibe is very chill.
Super good time!
You're an idiot if you rate this place any less than 5 stars.  The bruchetta, ambiance, and great beer makes this place ideal to pull up to on a weekend afternoon around 3:30 and have the perfect late lunch with an afternoon buzz.  No matter what time of day you come, there are always hungry people talking happily while stuffing tasty noshes in their mouths.  Finish the day off by going over to La Grand Orange for  a quick shop around, maybe a pizza, and a bottle of wine for later that night once the buzz has worn off.
My lady and I hit this for the first time and is right down the street.  I had the Spoke And Wheel burger and have to say may have been the best burger I have ever had.  She had the Rib Eye and loved it.. . Atmosphere is nice and might be a good hang out for sports with all the TVs but I suspect is a little to nice for that.  Has a huge patio area that is dog friendly and we look forward to trying it when it's cooler.
Postino is my favorite restaurant in all of Phoenix. We love their Monday and Tuesday night special... A board of bruschetta and bottle of wine for $20!!! I really enjoy their Tempranillo, Malbec, and Sangiovese, and my favorite bruschetta flavors are the brie and apple with fig spread, prosciutto and fig with mascarpone, salami and pesto, ricotta and dates, and my absolute favorite is the goats milk cheese and tomato jam. They also usually have really delicious hearty soup and I love their salads and paninis. They have $5 glasses of wine before 5pm every day and their peach bellinis are perfect for Sunday brunch. My husband likes their mini pitchers of beer. We would eat here every day if we could. The only negative is the shortage of parking spaces, forcing you to valet. I've also been to their Gilbert and Central Phoenix locations, which are bigger and really nice as well.
BAAAAAAAAAAAAZING!!!!  Want something to do on a Monday-Tuesday evening, come here for $20 bucks and you'll snag a bottle of Vino and some delish bruschetta.  The atmosphere is open and Euro feeling with the open wine market and back of restaurant bar.  Seating can be an issue so be flexible when trying to find standing or sitting room.  The food is good and the service is spot on.  Definitely my choice for chillaxin on an off night with friends or even a date.
oh postino, i dream about your bruschetta. . . this little wine bar is one of the best (if not the best) in the valley-and i love that's it's only a mile from where i live! although they're open late, i really think of postino as more of a lunch/happy hour spot.  this is a salad/sandwich/bruschetta place, and to me that just doesn't say dinner.  . . regardless! it's awesome and they have great wine deals-from 11-5pm all wine by the glass and pitchers of beer are $5, bottles are $9 off if you get it to go, and on monday and tuesdays you can get a bottle of wine and bruschetta for $20! . . anyways, on to the amazing bruschetta. you get your choice of four different toppings (2 pieces per topping-great for sharing!) and they are all so so good! my favorites are the ricotta with dates and pistachios, prosciutto with figs and mascarpone, and the smoked salmon with pesto.  but you can't go wrong with any of them, they're all that good and there's something for everyone's tastes.  . . parking is sort of a hassle-so just save yourself the trouble and valet. also, it can get pretty loud during lunch time, so be aware of that if you're trying to have a quiet time. . . either way, if you haven't been-go! you won't regret it.
Bruschetta...Wine. The options to choose for your bruschetta are terrific!  And they are the best in town!  The wine selections are terrific!  Great service and very reasonable prices.  What is not to like.. Dick
You know what I LOVE about Postino's?  THE PATIO IS DOG FRIENDLY!!!  We love to go there on a Sunday afternoon and share a bottle of wine or champagne, snack and enjoy the cool weather!  It's a great place to meet the girls for lunch too!  Great snacks, salads and wine selection!  Great neighborhood hang out!
LOVE the ambiance. The wine is great and definitely try the pub grub.
Fabulous! I only give the effort of recreating at home if it's worth it...and the boards were well worth it! The wait staff were very helpful in picking out wines too! Good happy hour and weekend specials too!
The bruschetta is to die for, and brunch is fantastic. Don't forget the delicious mimosas!
Postinos is one of my favorite places to go monthly for a light dinner and wine. I get the bruschetta every time and I am never disappointed. The servers are always very knowledgeable on wine and will give you a great suggestion. I have had some of their Panini's and soups and those were also delicious! The Arcadia location is also my favorite Postinos to go to; I love the atmosphere.
Been 7 years since I first went here (yeah...Fall of 2006) and its still so effing good.  Great wine and great appetizers that fill you up like a meal.. . Go!
Exquisite. . Fine wine and tasty appetizers . . Great place for evening get together with friends or a table for two with a special someone!. . Highly recommended for people who enjoy the finer things in life.
Can I just say "Bella Postino"  yummm.
I honestly can say it doesn't get much better then Postino's.  I absolutely love this place.  Huge wine selection, the best sangria, wonderful staff and the Bruschetta is to die for.  . . If you haven't been to Postino's you are missing out.
I can't say enough good things about Postino. I lived in Phoenix for eight years, and Postino is one of the only places that I consistently went for anything from dates to meeting friends to dinner with my parents. Every single time (I probably went over 30 times), the service was great, the food was perfect, and the atmosphere was enjoyable.. . A few tips:. * If you order a panini, always get it on focaccia. Both breads are good, but the focaccia is amazing.. * The tomato jam bruschetta is probably my favorite item on the menu. It's a perfect "dessert" bruschetta for after you finish the others.. * The raspberry chicken salad is AMAZING.. * There's really no way to go wrong with any of their desserts, but my favorite was the vanilla creme brulee.. . Honestly, I really hope I can find a place as amazing as Postino where I'm living now, but it's going to be tough to beat.
"Eat me". . Yep, that's what everything (the food) said to me as it came out. That about sums up my experience.. but read on for more specifics.. . Service: TOP notch service. Our waiter was patient and super attentive. He knew the menu and even said, that's why I work here because EVERYTHING is good!. . Food: We started with the spinach artichoke/white bean hummus combo and the grilled cheese.. yes.. folks grilled cheese. This was by far the best grilled cheese I've had..ever and that says a lot. It was on a nice flaky break with the perfect amount of gooey-ness. It was served with a ketchup, fancy mustard, and pesto. Fabuloso!. . For the entree - I had the tomato florentine - I felt like it was missing a spice, but it was still good. I had the chicken and mozzarella panini and the mixed greens salad. Albeit I was stuffed, it was amazing and tasted even better the next day.. . The other perk is they have a focused menu. They aren't trying to be everything to everyone. Another bonus!. . The open doors/windows, patio seating and coziness of the restaurant was a perk.. . The only thing I wish there was more of was light. It was very hard to read the menu using a small candle. It wasn't enough for me to take this down a star though.
Live music, great bruschetta, great service
I always love going here--feels like home in a great sense.  The decor esthetically pleases and relaxes me.  The service is always individual and. usually great (one slightly short bartender in Gilbert once ... ),  and the food (bruschettas mostly) makes me smile ... Contemporary take on them is refreshing.
One of my favorite restaurants in town , love the food and. Atmospheres there. Bruschetta is the best !!!
Love, love this place.  Great wine selection and very tasty food (Bruschetta!).
A new favorite is born!  My wife and I came here recently for a weekday lunch while in the area and were steered here due to all the positive reviews.. It was moderately busy even on a weekday, so I can't imagine how it would be Friday-Sunday, especially for dinner-packed I'm sure.  The only downside was parking, it seems valet is the only really viable option.. . Great decor and atmosphere here.  We walked through inside, but opted to sit outside as the weather was perfect. We ordered the bruschetta and all the selections were great.  My favorite was the smoked salmon while my wife preferred one with peppers.  We also split a raspberry salad of some kind that was also excellent.  . My wife had a Malbec that was near the bottom of the list that she really liked, while I was super happy they had Four Peaks Hop Knot on draft.. Also great drink prices daily, I think till five o'clock?  This will definitely be a return often type place when anywhere in the area!
Love, love, love this place!
My husband and I came here in late August and the weather was threatening a monsoon right as we arrived, so the restaurant interior was jam packed, I convinced the hostess that we really were okay with the risk of getting wet and she let us sit on the empty patio, which was blessedly deserted.  Our bet paid off as it didn't storm on us and instead we got to enjoy the light show and blowing trees overhead as we noshed on a mixed bruschetta board and a pub board.  . . I'm a big fan of their bruschetta combinations, they really have a beautiful way of combining sweet and savory ingredients in a way you wouldn't expect, but surprise your taste buds nevertheless.  I enjoyed a peach Bellini while my husband, who doesn't drink, had a really delightful cucumber honey lemonade.  As unusual sounding as it is, it's really quite amazing.  . . This is such a nice place for an evening out, sans children.  If you haven't been yet you really MUST check it out; go now!
The bruschetta and pub boards are to die for, and we look forward to the $20 wine & bruschetta deals on Mondays and Tuesdays every week! Get here a bit early on those days though, as everyone likes this great deal.
Favorite place in the Valley for bruschetta!  Also love the 11 am to 5 pm $5 glasses of wine.  :)
This place is perfect the FIRST DATE SPOT, as well as being a major fan of burchetta.  I was originally a fan of it the crispy bread appetizer...but the first time i came here...I had the tomato jam...and it literally CHANGED MY LIFE!!  I am sure there are about a thousand people have reviewed this place, but one more won't hurt.  Great spot...and the best time to go is a Tuesday, just because of the deals, and be prepared to wait.  Typically a 45min wait.  THAT in it self should tell you something about the food and atmosphere of the place.  Oh..and the staff....SOLID 10!!!
Always great
Postino has the most amazing bruschetta in Phoenix and awesome specials! I highly recommend Postino for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
Great food and really cool laid back atmosphere
1st time here!! Excellent Service by Jake...I will definitely be back, nice to see what phoenix has to offer- food was fantastic & the wine was amazing!!!
I'm hesitant to give 5 stars. I do it only when a place offers and experience I cannot get elsewhere.  POSTINO does that , their Bruschetta, ambiance, service and VALUE are a combination that is unmatched in Phoenix. . . Did I mention value? Mon & Tues you can order 4 diff types of bruschetta and an entire bottle of wine and pay $20, TOTAL. I challenge you to find a better deal.    . . . Back to service , JAKE our server was great tonight, he has a very friendly demeanor and  made excellent recommendations. I've Been here about 10 times before, he was part of the reason I was compelled to write this review tonight.
Excellent brunch on a Saturday at a reasonable price.  Quick and diligent service for our group of 12.  Everyone left satisfied and the check for all of us plus a hefty tip was less that $200.
Brushetta and wine omg enough said.. Great wine selection chill atmosphere =perfect !!!
This place is amazing! Location is easy to get to and valet is Perfect! It's free and I didn't mind paying a few bucks for the convenience! The food is great! Came here for a brunch with some girlfriends on a Saturday morning! They were willing to give us a nice comfy couch area for our group of 6-7. We all got mimosas and our server offered to just grab us a bottle since it would be the same price ($5/each). Yum! I had looked up reviews before going and was all about ordering the bruschetta but my friends were feeling the brunch items. Everything looked so tasty! I ordered the prosciutto and Brie panini and chips. Oh my gosh soooo very flavorful!!! It was in the sweet side due to the fig but so many flavor profiles in each bite! I can't wait to come again. I hear they have deals on Monday and Tuesday nights for wine and bruschetta!
So the bruschetta is pretty off the chain!
This place is one of my favorite eateries intown.  Their specialty is the bruchetta board with a choice of 4 that's enough to feed 2 people.  Consistently the food is amazing.  With a glass of my favorite muscato, I am a happy girl.  A rounded out meal must include their yum-mazing creme brulee.  The simple dessert is perfectly done, each time.  The service is great and the staff seems to work as a great team.  The Monday night Bruchetta and Wine special is really a great deal, but that also means it is very, very crowded.  I usually aim for lunch hours.
Postino has 3 locations around the Valley!  I've been to 2 of them now and the one thing you can say about Postino, they are an amazing place to dine/drink and they are very consistent with service, quality and ambiance.  . . We typically go the Postino on Central, however we dined here a couple of weeks ago with some friends and found them to be fantastic! I really like the patio area!! It was too cold for us on this trip however this is a "must come back" kinda of place just to enjoy a great meal on their patio!!. . Food~ if your dining for lunch go straight to the salads and/or bruschettas!!  Their portions are actually larger than you think and after you pick and choose some of the different ones to eat, you'll thank me for passing on the apps!!  . . However if you re dinning for dinner or have a larger group or a huge appetite, then go ahead and order some apps.  I suggest trying their Bella Postino~ warm artichoke dip and white bean hummus with assorted breads or their Butcher's Block~ with different artisan meats and cheeses served with Tuscan beans, olives, nuts and crostini.  Both are DELISH!  . . Bruschetta's~ here are some of our faves;  Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, the Smoked Salmon with Pesto is my go to!! The Burrata, Bacon, Arugula & Tomato is also a go to! We also like to try their seasonal burchettas as well!  . . Paninis~ go for the prosciutto with brie or their Nine Iron with smoked bacon layered with grilled chicken, fresh burrata mozzarella, lettuce, beefsteak tomato and special sauce = nom.nom.nom!! . . Service~  our service was a little slower than what we are used to at their Central location however our server was very friendly, knew the menu well and tried her best to keep up.. . All in all it was a FANTASTIC experience!! My friends and I are looking forward to coming back on a Monday or Tuesday when they have their $20 special, a bottle of wine and burchetta ~ put me down for 2 please! I hope to see you there.
What a great place for focaccia bread. Yummy. Love the pesto sauce. I don't always like paying $12-14 for a glass of delectable red wine but sometimes it seems so worth it to blow a few twenties among friends. Its a great place to relax. Great ambience
The ambiance, the happy hour, the wine selection, food and service is what makes this place top notch! Always have lovedthis place before I moved out of Arizona, and when I come into town, this place makes me feel back at home!
I have had nothing but delightful meals here.
Amazing Food and Atmosphere! Great for Couples. Sharing food is welcome and trendy here.
Good: Food was amazing. Atmosphere is awesome. All the different plates introduce you to a new way of experiencing  flavor combinations. . . Bad: A little pricy, but thats what you can expect from a  cool hip place. Don't go there to get full unless you want to break the bank. Mandatory parking sucks, because my truck is usually dirty, inside and out. I'm taking a star off myself for that. . . Conclusion: The bad isn't really bad, I'm just cheap. Someday when I'm rich and famous, I'll look at the check, laugh, and throw hundred dollar bills at the table and be like "Shut up and take my money!"
Two words:. . Prosciutto With Brie on Focaccia Bread.  . . Okay, that was a lot more than 2 words, but I don't care.  . . It was downright amazing; like my tastebuds were being dry humped by the best sandwich ever invented in the History of the World (Part II).
The best bruschetta ever.. So many delicious  flavor combinations.. Make a meal of it.. Highly recommended..
Eclectic, artsy, wine and cheese.. . Not much to say, if you can find a spot to park.... . You need to try.. . Bruschetta is world famous!. The home brew iced tea is wonderful!. . Live music this Sunday, perfect Arizona weather, good company.. . Just a great eating experience!
