The King of smoked meat.  Get ready to line up though.  Remember it's kosher so if you want cheese on your sandwich fuggedaboutit!
If you plan to visit Montreal, this is a must stop spot.  Get your grub on for cheap and eat the best smoked sandwich ever. You have the choice of lean, regular or fatty meat....so of course I order fatty and it was so worth it.  You also have to order the pickle, coleslaw and black cherry soda...it wouldn't be the same without them.  Their coleslaw is the best I've ever had....no mayo, just vinegar and their special ingredients.  Mmmmm....
All the tour books say that this is a must-try spot in Montreal and while sometimes that is a sign to actually stay away because it is overhyped or touisty, I definitely recommend that you try Schwartz's! In fact, I thought the corned beef, which has an extra layer of smokiness to it (compared to regular steamed/boiled corned beef), was better than stuff I had in New York! (I can hear gasps and cries of how unAmerican I am now). . When you go, do:. -be prepared to wait in line outside for 15-30 minutes and expect to be seated at a table with strangers. It's all good though. -order the regular, not lean. You ain't eating here because you're watching your calories.. -pass the mustard or ketchup or whatever your stranger-dining-mates on the other side of the table ask for.. . Despite how small the dining room is and how crammed it is with people, it is fairly quiet inside. And after you take your first bite you too will shut up and understand why. :)
Driving from Toronto for 5 hr on the way back to Boston with 10 pounds of Schwartz's smoked meat! Then you can guess how much I love it!. . Try the fatty if you don't really mind fat, because it tastes best(their staff told me so, and I guaranteed it's true!) So there is no doubt why everyone would recommend it if they ever ate there. Also, you can order pickles, salad and drinks, but who cares what else they offer, would just pay attention to their smoked meat sandwich. . . Love it!!!! Whenever I go to Canada, this is a must try.
I'm a big sandwich fan and I can't tell you how much I love the smoked meat sandwich here.  If you're in Montreal you HAVE to stop into here and get a smoked meat sandwich.  Remember to get it medium as the lean one always seems dry.  The fries are nothing special (don't get me wrong they're not terrible!) but the pickles are pretty damn good and remember your cherry cola!. . Every time I've been there has been a wait to dine in but there is take out.  This is one of my favourite sandwich places in the world.
We walked from our hotel on Peel and Sherbrooke and got there just before 5 pm on 3/24/11.  There was no line out the door which is a good sign we wouldn't need to wait outside in the cold.  Inside is rather small but it wasn't too busy and we got seats right away.  . . At first we didn't know what to do as far as ordering so it felt like we were being ignored.  But after a few minutes we were told by a worker on his way out that the next shift was coming in and that someone would come to take our order.  George was our guy.  He's one of the older ones working but he was friendly and erased any misgivings we had while waiting.. . I personally got the smoked meat sandwich.  Fatty.  Or if that's not you then they also offer lean or medium.  For the price and taste I feel you get more value here compared with a sandwich from a NYC establishment like Carnegie Deli.  I also got a pickle on the side; that was OK.  You must get their fries though.  The taste of the potatoes are...Je ne sais quoi...awesome to say the least.
Great stuff, absolutely delectable, juicy and succulent smoked meat sandwiches!  Served on classic rye bread (no other options, mind you) and with a side of fries/poutine/pickles etc., this old school sandwich place has set the standard for smoked meat around the world!. . Certainly a 5 star rating because I honestly haven't had any better smoked meat and thoroughly admire this small jewish establishment's cherished history and strong adherence to what they believe in.. . Long lines, all the time .. so come with a book or a group of friends!  Totally worth the wait.
Schwartz's is Montreal's world famous Hebrew deli. It is famed for it's smoked meat, which happens to be the BEST sandwich in the entire world.. . Smoked meat is found throughout Montreal but Schwartz's has that certain "je ne sais quoi" special touch.. . History shows that it has stayed in the same, unchanged for EIGHTY years! There is always a lineup, no matter the time of day, or day of the week. The wait has not usually long in my experience.  I have been fortunate on several occasions of getting a seat even from the back of the line, simply because there was space available to accommodate my group of two. . . Be prepared to share a table with strangers. I can testify that in my many visits,  I have never had unpleasant table buddies.. . Montreal smoked meat is synonymous with Montreal.  You really cannot state that you have been to Montreal without trying Schwartz's smoked meat! . . Big chunks of salty meat, smoked over charcoals on rye bread = beyond delicious. This really is one of those places that has become a legend for a reason.
I first need to apologize to Canada. I have not been very nice to you. I've heard it said that Canada is America's attic ... you know it's up there but you're not sure what's in it. . . (If you just want to read about the Menu/Food ... scroll down.) . . That's how I felt. I did ZERO research on your beautiful Montreal. Fact is, I wasn't even sure if you drove on the same side of the road as I'm use to. So when I casually asked the rental car attendant where to grab lunch, and was told Schwartz's for smoke meat, I dismissed the idea as something like a Togo's or Quizno's. I'd never heard of smoked meat. It seemed to me logical to go where the guy I was talking to on my flight thought I would like ... Moishe's. ($$$$x10) . . I made my way to St-Lauarent Blvd or Bole St Laurent and saw Schwartz's right next door to Moishe's. The line and the cold temp, 2 degrees Celsius, I instinctively knew this place must be something special. BTW Americans, 2 Celsius is about 38 degrees ... I know, I was confused too. . I made it in the door of this narrow and tight old old place. The group behind me were told to wait outside. No slack here for anyone. Someone actually wrote a play about this place. Given I was in the door I was going to relax and enjoy the experience as this is just one of those places you need to observe and blend into.. . Ten minutes after arriving I was seated at a table for four. Thought it odd as the place was too busy to leave three seats empty. WRONG. They brought four more and we all shared this small space. It was fun. My table mates spoke French beautifully but had no French accent when helping understand the Schwartz's tradition. My new friends were very tolerant of a provincial guy like me. . . THE FOOD. . . I memorized the menu ... its that limited. I had the smoked meat, I think its Canadian for pastrami, sandwich with mustard. (no need to tell them rye bread as that's all they have) and a pickle. Very good. You can order more flavorful (fattier cuts) smoked meat if you want but I took the standard fare. I also had a coke no ice. Not sold on that tradition yet. . . It was a delicious sandwich. The pickle was crisp and snappy. The mustard was obviously home made and the bread? Whats not to love? Jewish Rye. Fresh, moist, great crust. How can you ask for more? Good thing as you wont get it. . . I had a blast and was really glad I decided to try it. Thank you Budget Car Rental and my friends with whom I shared a table. . . My sincere apologies Montreal. Thank you for the intro to smoked meats and a great time.
Yeah. This was pretty much AWESOME.  . 1. Do take out and eat outside in the park.. 2. Get the meat "medium."  It has a little bit of fat on it still, but it's flavor is UNBEATABLE.
Epic deliciousness. On my last trip to Montreal, I went here three times in a week. The smoked meat truly is the best with a side of fries & washed down with black cherry soda made especially for them.
If I had to choose my last meal on earth - I think this would be close to the finish line.. . This meat is just to die for.. Everytime I'm in Montreal I get a pound to go.. I will admit I think they are getting alittle pricy now - but it's worth that treat when I end up the odd time in Montreal. . . Goes very well with their massive pickles and cherry cola. . . There is always a line outside this place but I think it goes quick because they sit you where they can.  The last time I ended up at the bar and chatting to the friendly gent that served me. . . Service is fast and friendly.. . AN ABSOLUTE MUST if you are in Montreal .. you won't be disappointed!
Great place!  It's like the Ben's Chili Bowl of Montreal (for those of you who know Washington DC).  The ambiance is great.  The servers are very amiable and knowledgeable about the secret parts of Montreal (if you know what I mean).  . . The overall mood is very friendly which is good because you will probably sit elbow to elbow with another customer while sharing a table.  Pas de problem, though.  Just tell them they are very attractive and they will be more than willing to chat it up.  Plus if they seem friendly/normal enough, when they leave you can eat their leftovers before they clear off the table (the servers stared, but didn't seem to mind).  But that is really a testament to their good food.  As long as it didn't hit the floor at any point, I'd eat leftovers off an attractive stranger's plate.  Bringing me to my only negative.  They could run a mop through the floor a bit more often.
Absolutely cannot miss it!
The best beef brisket sandwich of all time.  Of all time.  I will try to describe it: smoky yet juicy, peppery yet salty, spicy yet sweet.  I realize I have failed to describe it.  You should go buy some and put it in your mouth and you will understand.. . It would really be unfair to compare Schwartz's with another one of my favorite Hebrew Delicatessen's: Katz's in New York's Lower East Side.  It is unfair, but I will do it anyway. . . At Katz's, their specialty is pastrami, which is sweeter and sliced thinner.  They also serve it on rye bread with mustard, and it's also delicious, but it's totally different here at Schwartz's.  Katz's is the undeniable champion of the pastrami and the salami, but this smoked meat thing in Montreal is really special.  It wasn't until I came here that I realized "Montreal steak seasoning" that I have in my kitchen probably originated here.. . Here at Schwartz, the smoked meat is cut by hand into big chunks and slathered on the bread.  It's very juicy and fatty, and more smoky than sweet.  Their mustard and spices work as a perfect counterpoint to the flavors they have working in the meat.  They're subversive.  This sandwich may be perfect as it is.    . . The staff is also really cool and recommended that we complete the pilgrimige with fries, a pickle and a black cherry soda.  Do that.  The fries are awesome.
Very Very inexpensive food and extremely good!! Very juicy smoked meat. This is the best deli I have ever ate at in my life and I have been to many delis in L.A. and Toronto.
Best sandwich I ever ate in my life. . . Seriously. . . I cannot even put into words how the flavor and texture of the meat is just plain perfection.. . Sorry, New York. . . And Philadelphia, I've eaten more cheesesteaks than years since your birthed our nation (2011-1776=235), so I'm sad to say this tops Pat's, Geno's, Jim's, etc. . . Don't bother with the pickle and cherry soda crap, that's just so they make more money. Give them your seven bucks and take your sandwich and go make out with it.
This place blew my taste buds away!!!. The meat is smoked to perfection!. It's peppery, juicy, and the mustard just give it an extra kick.. If you're ever in Montreal this place is a must try.. There is always a line because the place is tiny, but just get in the to-go line to get your food faster.
In my quest for the best Jewish deli in the world, this is currently sitting at #1.  Don't get me wrong, other Jewish Deli's are great and I will gladly eat at any of the top tier ones (Katz's, Manny's, etc) any time, but the smoked meat here is above any other deli sandwich I've tried.  Really, there's nothing else about this place that I even care or think about, it is all smoked meat, all the time.  Worth the wait in line out front, in my case, worth the plane ticket to Montreal.
Hands down, the best smoked meat sandwich I've ever had. I've only been to Montreal twice, but I will drop everything and travel 2,500 miles from LA just to eat this superb sandwich again and again and again...
The smoked meat is better than Katz's! I didn't think it was possible. Ordered "fatty," you will never get closer to heaven. It's so softand salty, and the bread is nice and soft too. For $6.15... wait, 6 bucks??? NY is a killer on the wallet, it's bullshit that I am even GLAD to pay 15 for a pastrami at Katz's.  Now I have some perspective and want to move to Montreal. . . From across the street, I looked at the line out the door, and didn't want to go - no matter how good it is, I'm not going to wait in line like a bunch of lemmings for a sandwich. THEN, I found that there is a take-out shop next door selling the exact same sandwich - and there's even tables and counters to sit at!  Zero line. How come no one told me about this before???. . I have no idea what the classic Schwartz's deli looks like, and I don't care. Schwartz's take-out window gets 5 stars - easily. It blows up the scale.
The wait in line was worth it.  I waited in the take out line, which is faster.  Took the fatty smoked and it was pretty good.  When I got my sandwich it was not as hot as I thought it would be.  I went back later and bought some smoked meat home and it was even better.
Favourite thing to eat in Montreal. . For best flavour, order the sandwich "fat".
The best smoked meat sandwich. If the line is too long, check out the takeout place next door for seating.
Thus place is deservedly famous. The smoked meat is great and even the pickles are spectacular. Unlike in the States, the sandwiches aren't pointlessly gargantuan (and priced accordingly). Order yours "medium," the way they recommend it. You'll be very happy, and you won't need to spend the rest of the day sleeping it off, as is sometimes the case in US delis. The cherry soda is good too, and the tab is reasonable. All in all a must in Montreal.
I have no other words. I could come up with something clever and intelligent, but this place is simply the sh*t. I refuse to listen to the people who say all Montreal smoked meat is the same, or that Rubens is better. I'm open to change, if it's for the better. In this case, once you go Schwartz, you never go back.. . I crave this place. . . When I fill this craving it satisfies the depths of my soul, not just my stomach. The perfect meal here is a medium sandwich, a side of fries, coleslaw, a pickle and a cherry coke. I hope you wrote that down. . . They opened a take-out store next door to help manage some of the traffic. The waiters at the dine-in restaurant are hilarious - they love to flirt, and provide a few laughs. . . I brought some back with me. It's what's for lunch...scratch that, I'm going to eat it now.
I ate here with my friend and his friends.  It was a Monday, and we were lucky.  Normally, I heard this place gets packed and you have to wait forever.  We passed by on Saturday, and the line was huge.  Today, though, the wait lasted only 10 minutes or so.  The food is awesome.  My friend and I split a small plate, and it had lots of food.  The meat was very tender and flavorful.  Huge amounts really, so make sure to come in with an appetite.
After years of eyeing this place, I finally tried it out. Since everyone else has already written ad nauseum about how great the smoked meat/bread/pickles/etc. are (delicious, btw!) my contribution is to simply tell you when you go in order to beat the lineup. . . Plan your visit around the following three variables, and you may just get a counter seat with no wait:. . - Worst weather possible (middle of rainstorm, windstorm, hailstorm or snowstorm). - Later in the evening (after dark). - On a lame weeknight (Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday). . (I.e. I went on a Monday, in the middle of a rainstorm, at 8pm, and I was at the counter in 30 seconds flat and sinking my teeth into smoked meat goodness in under five minutes.)
Just thinking about this place makes me drool lol. . The smoke meat is heavenly, now I know why my husband talked about it so much when we were in Montreal.. . Everytime we went by Schwartz's there's a line up out the door passed a store's length. Make sure you go before 11am to avoid a line up. Even then, the place will still be half full during non-busy hours (I don't really know when is non-busy though, we passed by the place at 3pm and it was still crazy). . We ordered the smoke meat sandwich (seems like that's what everybody was having) with fries, cole slaw and coke. You can choose your meat to be lean, medium or fatty. We got medium and it was fantastic!! Fries were awesome too, personally I didn't like the cole slaw as much, it was too sour for me. . . If you are looking for quick, easy, good and cheap lunch, don't get side dishes coz they add up pretty quickly! Our bill ended up to be about $25.00, more expensive than we thought, but the sandwich was excellent ($6.15 for a sandwich). . Schwartz's should go Canada wide, we'd totally go again if there's another one in Calgary!
I always thought smoked meat was a little overrated. I mean, it's layers of meat between two slices of bread. What's so great about that? Man, was I ever wrong. If smoked meat representedheaven, Schwartz's would be God. It is quite possibly the most delicious smoked meat I've ever had- so delicious, in fact, that I'm willing to wait an hour in the blistering cold just to get a sandwich, which is saying a lot considering I won't even wait an hour to see my favourite film in the theatre. Strangely enough, because of how small the place is, and the layout of the shop, Schwartz's is also a wonderful place to meet people- tourists and locals alike.
The smoked meat sandwich is awesome.  Very flavorful, smoky, simple, and just plain tasty.  It's served on rye with mustard.  I also had fries, which were so-so, and a can of black cherry soda, which was delicious.  Next time I'll get apickle and/or cole slaw instead of the fries.
A masterpiece of a food experience. Everything you've read and heard it true. The place is of legend. Make this your first visit in Montreal.
After sampling most of the pastrami sandwiches, I was shocked to taste the smoked meat at Schwartz's because it is actually better than those in New York! I feel a bit defeated since I am a New Yorker. . . Schwartz's reminds me of Katz Deli in Manhattan but it looks dirtier, smaller but the Jewish servants remain. Their smoked meat sandwich is not as meaty as Katz but it is juicier and tastier. They don't have fancy sauces but yellow mustard. Surprisingly, it is good enough for all of us. . . Their dill is also great as well as their coleslaw. Try the black cherry soda with your sandwich and get used to being cramped inside. . . I would come back to Montreal just for the sandwich!
Smoked meats galore (aka pastrami). Best known in Montreal for their sandwiches and meat. Luckily, when my boyfriend and I arrived to this location for dinner the line was short and we were seated within less than 10 mintues. Just so you know, after we were done, around 8:30ish the line stretched across 3-4 stores. . . I like how Schwartz's had different levels of meats - lean, medium, or fatty. I had the medium and my boyfriend had the fatty. The fatty was definitely the better pick since the smoked meat can get a bit dry in certain areas, the fat can really counteract the dry bread. . . I truly like this place, good sandwiches and good service really makes a difference. The waiters made an effort to speak to us since they noticed we weren't natives. What a night.
I'm not really going to waste too much time on this one as I'm sure that everything I say about Schwartz's has already been said. . First off if you're a Montrealer and you are over the age of 4 and haven't been here yet then what is wrong with you? Schwartz's is a must try far all people visiting or living in Montreal and a place that you'll very quickly find yourself craving and missing more then you can imagine when you are out of the city for any length of time.. When it comes to your order its very simple, one regular smoke meat sandwich (none of this lean or medium crap, go big or go home) one dill pickle one order of fries one order of coleslaw and of course one Black Cherry Cott to wash it all down. I promise you'll never leave disappointed if you order that perfect combo
The BEST smoked meat in Montreal.  For a Canadian living in New York, smoked meat is a must while I am in town.   If you don't want the full menu, skip the lines and go next door to the take out side and order a sandwich and cherry soft drink.  They have chairs and tables available in the back.
I was on a day trip to Montreal, and searched Yelp for "best smoked meat sandwich". . This place didn't disappoint. It was exactly what I expected, rye, meat and mustard, stacked thick, and dripping. I felt like I had stepped back in time, as I'm sure this place hasn't changed a bit in 50 years. Didn't have one, but saw some pickles that looked delicious... A must stop place when in Montreal.
Not just the best smoked meat. The ONLY smoked meat. Never change.. . People have been ordering smoked meat, medium, fries, pickle, and black cherry for  80 years for a reason. Don't order lean. You're having a smoked meat sandwich - who do you think you're fooling?
This is one of my favourite restaurants in all of Canada. They've been in the news lately with reports that the restaurant is for sale. If this is the case, I earnestly hope it remains in Canadian hands!. . Having said that, I can add that the cozy atmosphere and wonderful aroma of smoked meat only adds to the appetite. Enjoy a smoked meet sandwich with French fries a cherry Coke, and save your diet for tomorrow! Schwartz's is an experience not to be missed.
I was in Montreal on business and was told not to miss this place.  Well, I have to agree.  I ordered the smoked sandwich and a cherry coke and I was not disappointed.  Make sure you have cash, they don't accept credit or debit cards.
For starters, make sure you're in the correct line, as there's one for dining-in and one for take out! We waited in line for about 30 minutes... Worth every minute!. The meat was fantastic; taste was awesome and great texture, it almost melts in your mouth. They give generous portions, a stack of smoked meat that falls out of the bread when eating it.  Although this place is known for their meat, their fries are also brag-worthy!  We got pickles and a side of french fries, which, when coupled with the sandwich was phenomenal!! I was not a fan of smoked meat prior to this expereince however this gem of a restaurant has me sold! ABSOLUMENT!
Some of the freshest and most supple smoked meat I've ever had. Going to Schwartz's deli is most definitely an experience. This home style deli is known for its amazing meat and long line ups. If the main line is too long try the take out where you can still get the sandwiches, fries and pickles. . . It's a great alternative when it's cold! Also be sure to get the takeout meat to satisfy your cravings later
Almost laughably good. I first went here for a smoked meat sandwich and a noch and a cherry cola! Wooh! Right across the street from a dive bar as well, and Schwartz's stays open late so make it you after bar destination! This deli competes with the best in NY and Philadelphia, Schwartz's is much smaller then one would imagine for such a great reputation.
Do not, I repeat, do not, leave Montreal without having some Schwartz's. . Simplicity reaches perfection at this place. I get the same thing every time I'm there, smoked meat sandwich, medium fat, with dill pickle and salade de choux (coleslaw) on the side with a coke.  . Do expect a lineup outside.
a definite must when in Montreal.  Everyone that I spoke to about what to do in Montreal said that I could not leave town eating here.  The smoked meat was magnificent!  There was a line for tables outside but if you're doing take out you can walk right inside and order.  I did take away and to ensure that my sandwich wasn't going to be soggy so I decided on getting the meat and with bread and make my own sandwiches when it was time to eat.  Wow!  It was difficult to not dive into it while I was driving back to my hotel.  The pickles were crunchy with just the right saltiness.  This is an absolute must!
Long line-up, but well worth the wait!!! Best smoked meat sandwiches I have ever tasted!
WOW.  LOVE!. . They are everything it's hyped up to be and then some.  It's not easy getting there but it was well worth the effort.  Luckily, we got there late afternoon and there was not a line.  . . When you order your sandwich, they'll ask if you want fat or lean.  Go with the fat, my friends and thank me later.  You'll be a fool to have the lean option.  . . We grabbed a seat at a table and our sandwiches came shortly.  The sandwich is regular size but the mountain of meat was overwhelming!   The meat was so tender and flavorful.  Honestly, I knew there was no way I can even finish half and I can eat!  Our waiter, George, an old timer there came over and threatened (teased) me that I will not be allowed to leave if I don't finish my sandwich.  He's so nice, just like a grandpa and just couldn't resist taking a pic with him - not to mention he has a great name!. . The price is so affordable.  If we must choose between Schwartz's or Kat's, it will be Schwartz's.
Alright, first 5-start review for a restaurant in Montreal.  Little hole in the wall with no character except for the attitude of the wait personel attending to orders.  Tried to order the chicken sandwich and received a friendly but insistent warning, "you can get that anywhere, don't order this."  So I stuck with the smoked meat sandwiches and man, I tell you, what a favor those guys did for me!  Amazing marbling in the ham (some would say all-out fat) marinated in something which gave great flavor.  Meat came out so amazing tender...at the end I contemplated shipping 10+ pounds back to the states but the cashier warned me it couldn't reach past the border.  Only in Canada.. . Highly recommend.
I must admit, my memory is going to be a bit hazy. I entered Schwartz a bit drunk around 11 pm, brightly lit with fluorescent lights, my friend and I stumbling in just looking for some amazing smoked meat. Now, Schwartz was effectively pumped up to as much as it could be. My friend's parents ranted and raved, and they're foodies that are friends of the famous Normand Laprise. Christ, I expect the smoked meat to taste like it was carved by God himself. I sat down, at what could only be described as a Waffle House-esque bar, with a bunch of raucous Quebecois night shift workers behind the counter ready to carve me up some meat. I took one bite and... damn. I lost it. It's different from New York pastrami, it's not quite the same. It has a different flavor, not as much strong vinegar, with a distinct smokey flavor, rubbed in pepper and carefully loved until the meat is divine. There's nothing else to the sandwich: two slices of bread, a vegan's nightmare serving of meat, and some mustard. I ordered the sandwich, with (perhaps now I look at it) shamefully, a water and a pickle. Now, I love my dill pickles with my sandwiches, but nothing complimented the intricate flavors of a carefully smoked meat than this homemade dill pickles. If you are not a pickle person, stay away, but if you can appreciate a good deli pickle, get it. All in all, I'll describe it to you. The meat, tender and moist, melted and fell apart like Britney Spears when she shaved her head. It was as good as I imagined it to be. The sandwich itself was just so juicy and delicious I'm sitting in my dingy Atlanta apartment pondering if I have enough money to fly back. . . It's famous for a reason, tourists. It's not like the Hard Rock Cafe. You're not going to get that commercialized bullshit, this is real food. This is what you should go do if you're a serious foodie tourist. Avoid the familiar, stray away from the commercialized, step into this place and you'll understand what real traveling is about. The atmosphere was as unique, a collection of people Quebecois, Canadian and tourist alike, all seeking one thing; a damn fine sandwich. This place will deliver.
I've been to Montreal twice.  I've eaten here four times.  I proudly rock one of their t-shirts which I purchased after my first trip (and I never buy touristy paraphernalia).  Needless to say, I love this place and their sandwiches which I find reasonably priced compared to delis in NYC or Chicago.  The tables are communal so you'll most likely be sitting next to other tourists.  Side note, the first time I dined here, we sat next to three generations of Korean women (I am Korean):  a grandmother, mother, and daughter.  The server asked them "do you want your sandwich to be lean, medium, or fatty."  The Korean women who did not understand English well answered "uh, medium rare?"  . . I usually go medium or fatty.  Last time I went here, I went through the takeout line in the store next door (a way to avoid the lines for the main restaurant) and took that baby with me as I left Montreal.  I scarfed it down before I re-entered the U.S. as I didn't want to explain to the border agent that I was harboring smoked meat goodness from Canada.  . . I know it is not the sophisticated answer but the sandwiches here so far are my favorite thing that I've eaten in my two trips to Montreal.
Sandwhich, fries, a pickle to share and a black cherry cola. That's all you need to say!. . The best stuff in the city. If you are from out of town (and more-so if from NY City) - don't call our smoked meat pastrami! You'll end up with an earfull from the person next to you, or your waiter.
I know Montreal smoked meat is just that - Montreal smoked meat, a thing of its own, so forgive me for trying to liken it to what I know, but for the sake of fellow Yelpers, I would say the meat tastes like a hybrid of bbq brisket and pastrami. You must try it with the black cherry soda; it pairs very well w/the sandwich. I think the medium fat option has plenty of marbled fat, so the fatty option might be too fatty for some.
The best!!. That says it all!!
The meat melts in your mouth and the pickles are huge, what more can a girl ask for?  . . If you don't like lines, or communal tables I suggest you head next door and get a sandwich or two 'to-go'.
This is a Smoked Meat Mecca.  Whenever back in the ol' hometown, this is the one place I never miss.. . The first, the best, even though its owned by Celine Dion (I truly hope they dont mess this up like they did with Nickles).  I always bring back a few pounds to Calgary, and always will.. . I can go on about the meat, the taste, the legend, but I think the 300+ positive reviews and the ever present line ups at the door really says it all.. . Miss you Schwartz!  Be back soon!
Amazing, just go.
It's everything I dreamed of and more.  Excellent tasting, delicious smoked meat piled high and steaming hot atop what seems to be bread made there (not 100%, didn't see any signs).  Sat at the counter and the guys were joking with customers in three or four different languages while I was there. Talk about great customer service.  I'll be going back at least a couple times more before I leave Montreal and am sure I'll be craving this place when I get back to Seattle.
The mere act of looking up Schwartz's on Yelp has got me salivating for their signature smoked meat sandwich. Oh man, I am DYING over here in NYC! That's really saying something because I used to HATE smoked meat, and let me tell you a secret: when my friend insisted we visit Schwartz's, I groaned inwardly and thought, come on, I don't want to go to a damn deli on my vacation! Well, damn deli is right- damn delicious! Thanks Nga, for being such a foodie genius!. . Upon seeing how crowded it was on our arrival, we decided to take our sandwiches to go and sit on a nearby bench. While prying open the wax paper used to wrap my sandwich, I nervously noticed a ton of meat (slathered with mustard) packed between two ordinary slices of bread, and wondered, how am I going to finish this sandwich monster especially since I know I'm not going to like it? I sneaked a peek at my friend and remembered what my well-mannered mom always told me: never ever, complain about food to your host/hostess and finish your plate. This wasn't a dinner I was invited to, I know, but hey, politeness is politeness so I took a big bite, and at that moment I was instantly reborn. I shamelessly used a plastic fork to continue eating the sandwich since I didn't want any pieces of meat to fall on the floor wasted.. . I will never think the same way about smoked meat again, and I'm thinking of visiting Katz's here in NYC to see how their meat stacks up against Schwartz's. And to think, if I had traveled on my own, I wouldn't have bothered to stop by, so my stumbling upon Schwartz's and discovering a new love for smoked meat was meant to be by the Montreal gods!
I am not even going to elaborate. You don't need my stinkin review. Just go here, try to snatch up a table and order your smoked meat medium, fries, pickle and cole slaw. You will NOT be disappointed.
Luckily we only had to experience a 10 min wait on a grand prix weekend!  Could only come up with that it was so nice out no one wanted to be inside, which I was very appreciative for.  To be honest i like to call them suckas!. . They accompanied a party of 6 with no hassles or sighs!  Staff was super friendly n helpful for us non locals.  . . Food is basically a review on the MEAT!  The smoked meat, which i feel needs to be ordered "medium".  It provides the perfect amount of fat, moisturizing and flavoring the meat perfectly!   Killed my first Sammy, I had to get a 2nd one. Basically had to look like I was prego for 12 hours but it was 126.83% worth it. . . Besides that the fries were good n my friends said the pickles were outstanding.  Im not a fan of them but if i do make any recommendations from what women say they do like my pickle!  ;-)
I first went to Schwartz's in August 2001. Walked right in a little after 1:00 pm on a weekday, sat down with no wait, order was in promptly, food came soon afterward, and had an amazing smoked meat sandwich with a black cherry soda and fries.  Pure heaven.. . I returned in June 2012. Walked right in at a quarter to noon on a weekday, sat down with no wait, gave my order, food came soon afterwards: smoked meat sandwich with a black cheery soda and fries. Phenomenal.  . . I heard Celine Dion bought the place from the original owners.  She better not mess up a good thing or so help me I will go Liam Neeson in "Taken" on her!  Except without the Krav Maga, because I'm never gonna learn that...
Last time I went to Schwartz I was 13 years old.  Its been almost 20 years and its still awesome.  . . The all you can eat side was just too busy, so went to the take out side (go this route if your not going to eat 2-3).  The line up was super fast and there's still a few tables to sit at in the back.. . I'm sure I don't need to tell you, if your in Montreal MAKE THIS A STOP.  The meat is simply mouth watering and falls apart when you eat it!. . Ate smoked meat at a couple other stops and it just wasn't as good or even close to the same.
I dream about Schwartz's.....it's that good!!!. . The first thing I wanted to eat after I stepped off my 8 hour flight from California was a "fatty" smoked meat sandwich and I don't care how long the line was I'd stand in it.  Every single bite is so mouth watering as the meat simply falls apart and the flavors are extraordinary!!  You have your choice of the "lean" meat which still has a little bit of fat still but what's the point?  You need to go all out here fatty all the way. Don't forget to order some fries, a cherry coke, and some pickles to complete the meal.  The last time I had Schwartz's was probably a little over ten years ago but I can still remember it vividly.. . Thank you Schwartz's for making my trip to Montreal complete!!  Je t'aime!!
There was a long line at 10 pm. Definitely worth the wait. I ordered the smoke meat. The first bite was so heavenly. Smoked chicken and coleslaw were quite unique. It was fun to talk to the servers and locals about Montreal and the food. Overall, This is quite good!
Now this is the definition of a  smoked meat/ pastrami sandwich. I have a tendency to be a harsh reviewer when it comes to these types of meats because I've sampled very good pastrami/ smoked meat in NYC. When I saw this placeon television and heard from my friends about the place while researching in Montreal, I became excited to see what the hype was all about. . . Little education for novices--smoked meat is akin to the combination of pastrami and corned beef--having the rich fatty, peppered skin of pastrami, but the lean, tender texture of corned beef.. . Somebody call my momma-- I was NOT disappointed at all. . . I encountered a long line when I strolled up to the restaurant but was not deterred.. This was the best food I had during my Montreal experience. The sandwich comes in three different options--lean, fatty, and medium (which is a combination of the two). I ordered a smoked meat sandwich, double fried french fries, and a 1/2 sour pickle. This was awesome and satisfied the smoked meat fix that I developed after hearing about this place--fatty and lean, one bite melting the fat in your mouth. The fries were amazing as was the pickle. Wash it all down with a cherry coke ladies and gentleman-- its the perfect compliment to this meal.. . I went back after and tries a lean sandwich for comparison and must say that the medium is definitely the way to go.. . Here's a good hint--if you want to avoid the long lines, then come an hour before closing time. You will be served immediately BUT risk not receiving a fresher piece of smoked meat.. . Good operation you guys have up there North at Schwartz's my friends. Keep it up! You live up to the hype and are comparable (and dare I say better?) than the NYC sandwich institutes of Carnegie Deli and Katz's Deli.
The brisket is usually (and if you're a purist always) highlighted by a squirt of straight up yellow mustard. The subdued sting and jowl seizing bite of mustard contrasts the saltiness of the meat. The juiciness of the beef is pretty much consistent throughout each piece, and this is due to the brining, then the steaming of the meat. Some may argue that the retention of moisture is the attributed to phosphates used in the brining, however, Schwartz's boasts an all natural-non-chemical brining process. To be honest, they could marinade in a stew made of old gym socks, and I'll probably still glob some mustard on it and slap it on rye.. . It kind of goes without saying that Schwartz's roots run very deep in Montreal, being opened over 80 years, Schwartz's has had celebrities of all kinds pass through their doors as well as had a musical written about them. The old timers behind the counter are just that, "old timers", take-no-shit-you-better-know-what-you-want-to-eat-dont-ask-me-for-suggestions. Make sure you don't ask for mayo, rumour is that you'll be banned for two years and no smoked meat for you.
I don't even particularly like smoked meats, but I ate every bite of my sandwich here. I'm from NYC, and I think this sandwich is even better than Katz's Deli's pastrami (please don't send me hate mail.) I like that it's a large meat:bread ratio. We didn't get the fries (is it just me or are Canadian style fries oily and soft and kind of gross?) but we tried both types of coleslaw (vinegary and creamy) which were a good way to cut through all the salty meatiness of the sandwich. Wash it all down with a black cherry soda pop. :) Highly recommend, despite the long lines! (tip: you can buy it from the take out counter and sit at one of the tables in the back).
There are certain defining moments in life that we use to judge other physical experiences on this earth. With regards to my culinary experiences Schwartz's is that defining moment. I have never eaten a deli sandwich up to this day without comparing it to Schwartz's. There is no such thing as perfection, that is only for the God's, but this comes dangerously close.
A visit to Montreal is not complete without having a smoked meat sandwich.  During my recent visit I took a public transit bus all the way to Schwartz's one evening just to enjoy one of their legendary smoked  deli sandwiches.  . . It was almost midnight when I arrived so it wasn't too busy. The line ups had died down but the place was still in full swing taking care of the late nite crowd.  We were seated quickly and introduced to our waiter, who like the other waiters and staff here probably had 20 years of seniority .  They are no-nonsense waiters.  Order your food and don't ask for BBQ sauce.  You can definitely say there is old world charm here because it doesn't look like they have done any updating over  the years. But who cares, it only adds to the ambiance and actually gives the place more charm.. . The menu extends beyond the smoked meat but it looks like everybody orders the same thing, Why would you want anything else? Of course we each had the legendary smoked meat sandwich on rye, a plate of fries, pickles and a bottle of cream soda.  . . The meat is very moist.  When you bite into a piece that has more fat, you really enjoy the juiciness and flavor of the brining. The hand-sliced meat stacked on rye bread with a squirt of mustard is heaven for a carnivore like me.
As a fan of Montreal's smoked meat, I had yet to make a visit to mecca - Schwartz's. On this trip, I made it a goal and wow was it worth it. Other than touch-screens to generate your bill, it looks as though little has changed since 1928. Very retro-cool in the hipster rue Sherbrooke neighborhood.. . But the proof is in the food. I arrived a bit early for lunch, so I got a seat right at the counter. My sandwich arrived quickly and was delicious. Rye bread, a PILE of smoked meat and just a little mustard. Yum! Fries were done just right.. . Watching the staff move about a gazillion pounds of brisket. These guys are pros. Quick and efficient.. . If you've tried Montreal's smoked meat, but not Schwartz's -- get on it! Totally worth the trip. One warning -- it's cash-only!
This was my first time in Montreal.  I had seen Schwartz featured on the tv show "Family Jewels" with Gene Simmons.  If you are a real foody you will love this place.  It is not for everyone due to its old school deli atmosphere.  I will repeat the next time I get to Montreal.
This place is always packed sun, rain or snow, and rightly so, it's worth the wait and the trip to Montreal if you don't live there. . . If you are going to order, you have to get the Fatty as the juices from the fat add an explosion of flavor in your mouth. . . I'm not even a fan of New York Style Reuben deli sandwiches but this is not a NY Deli sandwich, it's in a league of it's own.
I'll keep my review short because its been covered forever and a day... . I have two words to describe this place.... . Life Changing...
Mind annnnnnnd stomach blowing! The smoked meat sandwich is the best ice ever had. Just like everyone else has stated... Medium, and a cherry coke are the thing to order.
Smoked beef, smoked beef, smoked beef.. . Awesome smoked beef (recommend either fatty or medium cut, otherwise it's a little dry).  Different from the pastrami from Katz's but on par in terms of quality.  I prefered the platter over sandwich because it means more meat.  Also, pickles are awesome.  This is a place you must try if you are visiting Montreal.  Cash only and you may have to wait in line outside but it's worth it.
Super good!! Heard so much good reviews that this was a must try spot for me! Luckily we friends and i planned it so we can have it for brunch/early lunch to avoid the long wait! We arrived around10:45ish, lots of open seating. My friend and i ordered the smoke brisket fat style! My other friends ordered the lean meat last time and said it was super dry, so make sure you order the fatty one! The meat was so tender and a bit juicy!  Mellt in your outh status! As for the sides we ordered the spicy peppers and cole slaw! Both good! . . Enjoy  ^_^
The staff were friendly, helpful and with a good sense of humor. There was short wait outside to get in for our Monday lunch.  The place is pack for good reason. You must try this place if you are visiting Montreal. The fatty smoked corned beef is awesome, perfectly seasoned. Never had it so good. The ambiance is basic. Why wouldn't be? It's a deli. Just a great feel to it.. There was not much to not like about this place. My only dislike is, they are in Montreal and I live in North Vancouver.
There are reviews I make where I'm incredulous over how people can rate something over one star, and then there are restaurants where my mind boggles over how anyone could not give them five.  Schwartz's is thankfully the latter.. . I'm going into snob mode for this, in order to compel those who are on the fence about whether they should come here or not, to do so.  You absolutely must, since this is one culinary experience I think everyone should have before they die.. . First off, if you're going to fret about calories or healthiness, don't bother reading beyond this point, and don't bother eating here.. . Second, know that the meat here is so good, all other regular restaurant rating criteria considerations are rescinded.  Do not let the lack of fancy decor, the occasionally less than personal (but often awesome, and never rude) service, the long line-ups, or the cramped, shared tables prevent you from eating here.. . So, what you should do:. . - If you haven't had anything here before, get the smoked meat (bread - optional, fries - optional, black cherry or diet black cherry cola or beverage of choice - optional, it won't matter what you have with this, anything good winds up complementing the meat, anything bad throws it's awesomeness further into relief).. . - Order it only one of the following ways:  medium-fatty, fatty, or, as I usually request, super-extra-fatty (i.e. give me a bit of meat with my fat!).  Do not let health concerns get in the way of this, do not let peer pressure or shame get in the way of this, do not let armed killer robots get in the way of this.  The fat literally melts in your mouth.  You WILL have the tastiest liquid fat known to man dripping into the bread, onto your hands, down your chin, into your shirt.... . - Bring cash, and come on off hours, in the middle of the afternoon or as soon as they open, lest you die as the heavenly smell fills you to bursting while you wait in the interminable line.  Don't bring weapons, because you'll use them, and then you'll go to prison, and the only way you'll be able to eat here again is to sell your body to someone to smuggle it in for you.. . - By all means, get take-out if you don't want to eat there (again, where you eat it does not make any difference, in the restaurant, at home, in the street, meandering through rush hour traffic), but if you do, order it from the restaurant proper, not the special "Take-out" side next door, it's not going to be the same unless you take it home and plunk it into a professional steamer for six hours.. . - When weighing this review against others, note that anyone who hasn't given Schwartz's five stars invariably doesn't know how to spell - how much can you trust someone who is so stupid they either don't realize they're doing anything wrong, or they do and don't know how to run something through a grammar/spell-checker?  I poop on them and their lack of any semblance of taste, as should you.. . - If you don't live near, do feel free to buy entire briskets to bring home with you, and invest in a large professional steamer so you can enjoy the meat as it was intended to be eaten.. . Best.  Smoked.  Meat.  Ever.
Medium fat smoked meat on rye!
We heard of Schwartz's deli from friends, neighbors, strangers, magazines, blogs, etc. So when we decided to make a trip to Montreal for the Labor Day weekend, this place was Number One on our list to try. We also knew that this place gets busy quickly and it's like Katz Deli in New York City; line around the corner at 10 AM. We got up early on Sunday and made our way to Saint Laurent and low and behold, there was a line at Schwartz's at 10:30 in the morning. We were starved and thankfully we looked over and saw that they had a to go/take out store section. We got a sandwich to go and ate it outside since the weather was beautiful. Needless to say, it was sooooooo good that we actually bought another one, made our trek down to Old Montreal and ate the second sandwich down there. . . On to the sandwich; it was even better than I thought it was going to be. The meat was perfectly seasoned, smoked, very juicy and flavorful. I could not even speak I enjoyed it that much. There is a lot more meat then bread (see picture) It's like the bread is just a garnishment. They also put just the right amount of their signature mustard on the bread. It was so perfectly delicious. I highly recommend the stop here and the wait is worth the wait. Lastly, the price is right. Less than $7 bucks for a sandwich this good and stacked is worth it.
Amazing! I heard about this place through my AFAR network so I decided to get sandwiches here to go for the outdoor film screening. The place itself is tiny and it's one of the few places in Montreal that I saw had people lining up outside. The smoked meat looked phenomenal as I watched them carve those babies! And they smelled so good I almost felt bad eating them around so many people. The meat is tender and absolutely full of flavor. They smoke it for hours after all. It's the best smoked meat sandwich I've ever had and just writing this makes me salivate over the thought. This is a must-stop for anyone visiting Montreal!
I've happened upon an optimal time for Schwartz's: raining, 11pm Friday evening. I was in & out in 5 minutes with my soon-to-be translucent paper bag of hot smoked meat.. . The bread in this sam'mich is clearly just a juicy beef delivery device, measuring less than a centimeter in height, just dense enough to provide some grip on the succulent slabs of protein as you direct it into your face.. . Staff was courteous, attentive, and spoke perfect English.  The young man behind the counter took the time in between orders to ask the lovely ladies at the closest table how they were liking their choice.. . Quick ordering process run-down: you order at the sandwich counter right inside the door, you get a receipt, spin 210 degrees counter-clockwise, pay the man at the till, then take a new paid receipt back to the sandwich counter and receive your sandwich after it's hand cut and assembled with some mustard.. . First experience: great.  I'll be back the next time I notice the stars have aligned and there's not 30 people outside waiting for their beef injection.
I got there at 1150am. No line up but when I left there was a big line up 1230. Again, friendly staff very straight fw, nice. Space is VERY tight. Yes, the smoked meat served on rye was delicious. I got the fatty option vs the medium option. In the fatty option, they will add fatty bits on the sandwich. The rye bread is so fresh and fluffy, it.s great. I had the sour pickle and fries and they recommend a cherry coke. Which is better than coca colas cherry coke just because it (probably had more sugar and artificial cherry) flavor. Service is very fast...cash only!
best smoke meat.... end of story!
Never mind best in Montreal, this is the best in the country! Get a hot smoked meat sandwich with a Karnatzel on the side. Worth the wait of there is a huge lineup out the door, but open late too so swing by after a night on the town.
We were in Montreal and the hubs wanted to try the famous Schwartz's. The line was out the door, but we waited about 30 minutes before getting a seat. I left my vegetarian diet outside and tried a bite. It was really an awesome sandwich. Definitely worth the wait.
Yummy deli, great smoked meats, fresh rye bread, big generous portions, worth the wait in line.  The sandwich literally melts in your mouth.  I cannot visit Montreal without getting one of these (or two).
Best sandwich ever. I always eat 2 sandwiches here. Get 1 fat, 1 medium and a pickle. Heaven. Got a vacuum packed medium smoked meat home to Toronto next door in the take out section.
On my last day of being in Montreal trying the reuben sandwich, I had to try the famous Smoked Meat Sandwich. Everyone who knew about smoked meat advised me to go to Schwartz's. I did not know where it was located so I went on the hunt for this famous place. I asked around for directions and all of the Montreal people stated "its just down that street make a left." So after following these directions to Schwartz's, I finally arrived there 1 hour later. With that long and dreadful walk my appetite was at an all time high. Unfortunately I forgot that a couple of people mentioned that there is always a lineup. I would estimate that there were 23 people were in line. Being hungry and impatient we decided we would go into the other shop dedicated to takeout orders. Even going in there there was a line up of about a dozen people. . . So I decided in line that I would just go for the Medium Smoked Meat Sandwich, with a pickle, and a Cherry Cola. After all the wait I sat down with my sandwich and began endulging. The bread was a nice thin slice filled with a fat stack of tender smoked meat and mustard. Im not a big fan of mustard but in this sandwich it was perfect. It was 6-7 dollars for a decent size but excellent quality sandwich. I washed it down with the delicious cherry cola and was satisfied. I would have got another one if I didnt have to wait in line. I would definitely recommend this place if you come to Montreal. I would just suggest that you know where you are going before you go on a mile long walk. Overall a simple sandwich with an incredible taste.
In the U.S., we call it Pastrami, but hey, if you wanna call it "Smoked Meat" that's fine, just don't call me "Late for Dinner!". . This place was out-of-this world delicious. I'm super glad we got there at an odd-moment where we were seated right away.. . It seemed like the second we sat down, a giant line formed at the door that wrapped around the block. Apparently it's like this often.. . Service is really slow but I think that's because they make these sandwiches with lots of love. Or at least, lots of smoked meat, and I guess that's hard to cut or something.. . Either way, you sit communal and we were stuck next to a whiny couple who kept complaining that other people got their smoked meat even though they came in after the couple. They were whiny, but we were determined to stick through the inequitable service if we had to.. . We split a small smoked meat sandwich with medium fat (you get to tell them lean, medium or Roseanne Bar circa 1980 level of fatness).  I thought the fattiness was perfect but my girlfriend wishes we went lean.. . The rye bread is delcious, the cole slaw wastasty but overpriced and we ate every centimeter (I'm using metric cause we're in Canada) of the sandwich and then proceeded to lick our plates. . . The meat was delicious and super-seasoned, it's much dryer than the corned beef and pastrami I'd had in the states. I liked this but I understand others liking the moist stuff "south of the border."  (that sounded really gross).. . Anyway, I would definitely make Schwartz's a mut-do for myself whenever I'm in Montreal. I miss you, already, old friend.
So, so good.  Simple, straight forward, no frills.... just good.  Get yourself a sandwich, maybe some fries, maybe some slaw or a pickle, and you are good to go.. . When ordering, you will be asked how lean you want your meat.  I'd recommend asking for a little fat.  That's where the flavor really is.... and hey, you are going on vacation most likely if you are reading this.. . The service I received was very good.  This is not a place to have a long conversation over lazily picking at your food.  You get in (there will be a line going out the door), you get seated (more than one party will be seated at your table), you eat, you pay, you get out.. . So good I went twice while I was in Montreal!. . Highly recommend!!
So, so good. Every time we visit Montreal without making time for Schwartz's a little part of me dies. This is simply the best place for smoked meat. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Some people seem to get steak, but I have no idea how they manage to resist the sandwiches. . . There will be a line. Just wait in it - you won't regret it. If you're getting it take-out, though, just head next door rather than waiting to get in to the main restaurant because they have all of the same food and it will be much faster.. . There's nothing fancy about this place. If you're in a small group there's a pretty good chance you'll get sat at a table with people you don't know and there are no frills on the menu. It's crowded as heck, with the quintessential diner feel. But everyone is in a good mood because the food is so good and it's great fun to watch the guys behind the counter fooling around, yelling out orders and slinging out sandwiches. . . And that's what you should get, by the way. Medium (or maybe fattier, but medium's always been enough for me) smoked meat on rye, or a smoked meat platter with rye bread so that you can make multiple sandwiches. . . Be prepared to have a sandwich appear in front of you very quickly and for it to take a moment or two for you to figure out how to wrangle the huge pile of delicious meat for which two pieces of rye seem wholly inadequate to contain. Yes, you'll make a mess. Then you'll go fishing for all the little bits of meat you drop, lest they go to waste. I always order my sandwich with a dill pickle, even though I don't normally eat dill pickles. The acidity cuts the fat in the meat beautifully, plus there's just something about the smoked meat, rye, mustard and pickle combination. The boyfriend gets fries, which are only OK in my opinion. If you have enough room for fries it seems to me you've got enough room for extra smoked meat.. . So yes. It's good. It's worth the wait. Don't cheat yourself, just go.
I've been to Shwartz about 10 times since moving to Montreal  about 6 years ago.. Every time I go I enjoy my smoked meat sandwich and cherry coke and ponder when would be the next time I can come out and have one (I am on a diet, you see).. . Flavour is amazing. Sandwich itself is cheap (around $6-7). Line is not that long (just dont go on the weekends or during lunch / dinner time). Much better than the Main, Lesters, snowdon, etc..
Best smoked meat sandwich I'd ever had thus far!!!  MUST try if you're visiting Montreal!!!
Awesome food and super fast service. Girlfriend and I had the smoked meat sandwich, fries, peppers and coleslaw. Best $18 we've spent so far!
This place is what makes Montreal smoked meat very popular, and is the essence of every Montreal visit.. . Everyone has mentioned the flavour of the smoked meat, but the rib steak is awesome as well! I'd highly recommend the Schwartz's combo if you're hungry, filled me up to the point I had to take the rest of it home!. . Definitely recommend this place. It may be touristy, but there's areason why.
Lives up to the reputation.  It's a dive with great smoked beef.  The line outside is always there and the keep it moving.  Cole slaw is original, excellent and no mayo in sight.  Friendly, prompt service.
Went here the morning after a long night of drinking and boy did it hit the spot.  Got there around lunch time and the line for the restaurant section was out the door and down the block.  Me and my guys opted for the to-go side and even there we had quite a bit of a wait.  After ordering an enormous amount of pastrami and some sides we got lucky and found an area to eat in the back.  Let me say that it was the best pastrami sandwich I had every had.  This coming from a New Yorker who enjoys Katz.  I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of that sandwich and the only bad thing is that I can't have this unless I am up in the great white north.
This place is nothing to look at! Be prepared to wait at least an hour outside. Cash only! Way better than ANY NYC deli for Corned Beef. At Schwartz's it is called 'Smoked Meat'. Get it on a plate with bread on the side. You will NOT be disappointed!!!
Still the best smoked meat.  Been coming here for almost 20 years.  The Schwartz combo, which comes with Rib Steak and mini hot dogs is what I've been taking forever, but I miss the old grill, with its decades of accumulated taste, which seemed to make the rib steak even tastier.  If you like red meat, you'll be happy.  The interior is completely unpretentious mid-20th century white bathroom tile.  If you want fancy, go up the street to Moishe's, or queue de Cheval, or better yet Gibby's.  Be prepared to share tables with other patrons.  Think more dine and dash than sip and savour.  Don't come in peak hours if you don't like waiting in a queue outside on St. Laurent.  Be prepared for brutally honest waiters, who will guide you towards the red meat.  Don't get lean smoked meat, it's a freaking travesty.  If you want to cut calories, skip the bread, or dump the fries (although they are not bad), just for the love of god, don't go lean on the smoked meat.
Do you love to meat?. Do you like to get messy?. Ever have an orgasm from food? Did you like it?. . If any or all your answers are yes  then you need to check out Schwartz. let this place delight your nostrils with the delightful smell of the smoked delicacy that they serve at this establishment. . They tell you to grab the soda but hey if you're enjoying a delicious and well portioned sandwich (almost no bread all which is good in my opinion, who needs bread just meat!) you need nothing else but the delicious flavor of that meat. They also have a to go place, so when the wait is too long (which it often is) and the line is out of the door on a regular basis at both the To Go and To Stay part..  My friend had just the fries here once and they weren't anything special. What is special is this meat sandwich. I wish I could have one right now.. The waiters do tend to be a little rude but they are usually overwhelmed with the amount of customers.
I was at the notorious Schwartz's in August of 2012. I have heard about this place from any one and everyone who has ever visited the beautiful Montreal!. . Although it seems as though you are waiting in line for what might be centuries, your tastebuds and your stomach will thank-you!. . Simply:. 5/5 Service. 5/5 Smoked Meat. 5/5 Price. . Maybe the ONLY critique I have is that this place isn't larger (for dine-in).. . Just perusing through these pictures is enough to make me salivate. I'll be back for you, Schwartz! :D
I came here thinking that this was a wannabe New York Deli.  Boy was I wrong.  This restaurant made such an impact in the city of Montreal that they even created a stage play based on the restaurant itself.  Despite the acclaim, it kept its "hole in the wall" appearance.  Their specialty here is the smoked beef.  Their very tender slices of smoked beef melt in your mouth between two very basic slices of bread and mustard.  I also ordered their steak, which was cooked with a delicious pepper marinade.  Not to mention their french fries were crispy and amazing!  . . It gets packed in there sometimes so don't be surprised to sit with strangers at the same table while enjoying your meal.  Our waiter was very kind and helpful.. . I was thoroughly impressed with the food (the obvious main highlight in this establishment).  I hope to come to Montreal again sometime and enjoy this amazing spot.
Schwartz deli is my go to place when I get out of the Pierre Trudeau airport. . .   My mother used to take me here for lunch I'd split a sandwich with my sisters and some fries, nothing beats their warm cuts of meat and trip to flavor town.. .  Parking seems to work out okay there's usually a spot on the street and don't forget to use your credit/ debit or cash at the meters, you will get a ticket in Montreal.                     . .  I am lucky to say I have yet to experience a huge line or any line for that matter at Schwartz's ! I've always had timing that I sit right down at one of the large tables side by other people, or at the bar, it all works. . .  I order the medium sandwich, my fiance likes to try the platter, it's pilled high half a fresh loaf sliced rye bread, a plate mounded with the tender smoked meat.. .   I always add more of the mustard thats on the table.. success.  We share a fries, and a couple of waters. We have also tried the steak platter as a appetizer  and its good and flavorful, but the great is in the smoked meat sandwich. My sis likes a cherry coke to make her meal complete.. .   The customer service is great, I personally like the old school look of the uniforms and the whole inside in itself, posters and framed articles galore! .  .  I asked the cashier about Celine Dion and ownership, she told me its Renee her husband who shows up now and then, and one time Celine came in and bought the entire restaurant's lunch that day, which is a nice gesture.. .   The bathrooms are tiny tiny so I'm sure no big people can use the bathrooms here.. .   Remember to bring cash here! They do have an ATM inside, and there are ATM's outside nearby as well, but save yourself the hassle. They also welcome Canadian and American money, both with a Canadian currency outcome.. . Of all Smoked meat I've had Schwartz is for sure the best hands down. My fiance is a fan now too. You can't leave or come to Montreal without trying the amazing sandwiches, they have it down and are very consistent in quality.. . . *** Featured in The Layover: Anthony Bourdain visits Schwartz's for his last stop. He claims it's arguably one of the best places in Montreal for smoked meat. ***. . ** This deli is famous for its smoked meat, the Quebec version of pastrami. Andrew Zimmerman and Chef Nadia Giosia, host of the TV show 'Bitchin Kitchen,' sink their teeth into a smoked beef sandwich. **. . "Try something from "You Gotta Eat Here!" the Smoked Meat Sandwich"
This is the quintessential Jewish delicatessen probably in all of Canada.  The Katz Deli of Canada.  An institution.  The place is a complete dump but that part of the charm.  You go to this place for one thing.  A smoked meat sandwich, kind of like corned beef but a little different.  . . You order a smoked meat sandwich on rye with mustard.  You will NOT be disappointed and it costs 7 or 8 bucks.  You can't beat it.  . . If you visit Montreal you have to go to this place.  there will be a wait because it is so good.  Don't forget to order a deli pickle with your sandwich.  They have a special recipe, probably the best one I have ever had.  . . Thanks
When I eat smoked meat sandwiches,  I base them all on the ones found here. Best in the world. Sometimes hard to find a parking spot. Sometimes you have to wait in line just to get in. It's that popular because its that good!
Suite a une emission diffuse sur France 5 peu de temps avant ma visite j'ai decouvert Schwartz's et rien que les images m'ont donnees faim. Shawartz c'est un restaurant hebraique qui est pris d'assaut le midi. Pour les presse je vous conseil de passer votre chemin sauf si vous etes seul car dans se cas il est plus facile de trouver une place.. . A l'exterieur la queue peu atteindre 50m facilement de ce que j'ai vu mais lorsque je suis venu (un peu en avance) il n'y avait que 10 personnes dehors. Une personne se charge a l'entree de demander combien vous etes afin d'organiser au mieux ce qui permet des fois de se trouver a cote de personnes que l'on ne connait pas du tout.  En etant tout seul je me suis retrouve au comptoir avec un Canadien et sa colocataire francaise qui venait d'arriver en PVT. Cela a ete tres utile puisqu'au final je me suis laisse guider par le canadien quand au choix : un sandwich, frite, une boisson et le fameux gros cornichon. Pour ce qui est du sandwich il n'y a pas non plus un choix enorme puisque la boutique est specialisee dans la viande fume qui est prepare le matin et qui marine pendant 8h ! Ceci dit la viande est vraiment delicieuse : elle fond dans la bouche et elle a un gout vraiment fin. Je tiens a saluer la dexterite du cuistot car il coupe ce jambon a une vitesse incroyable et sans y laisser un bout de doigt !. . L'ambiance dans le restaurant est un peu bruyante mais tout va tres vite et tout le monde parle avec tout le monde. J'ai bien discute avec mes voisin pendant se rapide repas et j'ai appris pleins de choses sur Montreal et les endroits a faire. Si j'ai l'occasion de retourner a Montreal je referai ce restaurant meme si ce n'est pas donne puisque j'ai paye 14 Dollars pour ce repas.
"It's the stuff that dreams are maaaaaade of.". . While there is another female singer associated with Schwartz's (more on that later) it was Carly Simon who set the theme for my Schwartz's experience. . . We showed up on a Friday afternoon and were greeted with a short line outside. However, we only waited about 3 minutes because two seats opened up at the counter. I'm telling you, traveling in a duo is the way to go when it comes to popular eateries. This encounter was a three-way of simplicity: smoked meat sandwich, fries, and a black cherry soda. With a little extra sumpin' sumpin' in the form of a dill pickle that was large enough for two people to share. . . Oh holy hell. One the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. I intended to save half, but once I dove in there was no way I was stopping. Somehow, in an alchemy of food magic, three simple ingredients - meat, rye bread, mustard - combined to achieve sandwich nirvana. The fries were crispy and delicious, with the perfect amount of salt. . . Then, there was the black cherry soda (Cott's Black Cherry Soda, to be precise), which put this meal over the top. It was unlike any carbonated beverage I've ever tasted. I couldn't find it in the grocery store near where we were staying, but managed to snag a few cans at the Montreal airport. Had I known that the customs process was over and liquids were OK, I would have bought out their entire supply. I still have a can in my fridge that I cannot bring myself to drink. If anyone from Montreal is reading this, be my Cott's supplier and we will be BFFs for Lyfe. Other black cherry flavored sodas just don't compare. And it's not even like I have a particular interest in black cherries, this stuff is just AMAZING. . . Back to Schwartz's. The counter staff was very friendly and efficient. It was an overall great experience. I probably would have gone back, but there's just so much good food to try in Montreal. The very next day I saw on the news that Celine Dion had been at Schwartz's just a little after our visit. So even if you don't believe me, TRUST CELINE. . . (Black Cherry Soda. Remember that.)
I was in Montreal for 3 days and ended up here once each day.. . The place - Awesome, old-school iconic "place to go" that lives up to the hype. There's always a bit of a line for the restaurant, but the service is quicker at their takeout place next door.. . The food - really a meat lover's dream. Smoked meat sandwich (medium) is perfect.. . The price - surprisingly reasonable: $6.40 for the sandwich.
...Schwatz's.  Again, the other reviews say it all. It is that good.
Being in Montreal for F1, ment that I had to try Schwartz. And I was not disappointed. except for the line. . . After along wait, I got the smoked meat sammich to go, since seating was lacking. Once on the street, i chomped down on the meaty goodness in full view of the patrons in line. Perhaps that was a bit rude, but i'm Murican! Oh well!. . Only regret was not visiting Schwartz when I first got there and not ordering more than two sammiches....next time i won't forget!
Would give Schwartz 10 stars if I could!! This is a must when you are in Montreal. For a NY'er's palate, smoked meat is equivalent to pastrami -- however, with one exception -- because Schwartz's smoked meat is orgasmic.. . We arrived mid-day on a weekend and there was no wait! We ordered a couple of the smoked meat sandwiches with mustard, cherry coke, fries, and pickles to complete the whole package. Schwartz's smoked meat is tender, juicy, and flavorful -- in my opinion, best when it is hot and steaming! Next time I am back in town, guarantee I will be back for more of Schwartz's.
THIS PLACE IS THE BEST. We stayed in Montreal for 3 days, 2 nights, and stopped by Schwartz's a total of 4 times. It is just so good and you can't beat that price. We got take-out the first time and ate it in the small seating area-- we got seats for the four of us, no problem, even during lunchtime. There was no way we were waiting in the freezing cold for a table to eat something like this. Although one of the nights we went late, around midnight, so we sat in the main restaurant because there was no line. Take-out closed by then anyway. . . I was a bit skeptical about the pickles, so we didn't get them. Instead we got two different slaws, one was a very interesting vinegar based style, the other was more mayo. Both were cool, but I think I prefer the mayo. And of course, each time we got the smoked meat sandwich. Rye bread and mustard!! Though I usually end up putting on more mustard on it. YUMMM. Fries on the side is great too. . . BUT AGAIN, the price!!! I realize it's not exactly the same thing, but I'm a die hard fan of Katz's or Harold's pastrami in NY/NJ. I am actually willing to spend 14 bucks on that pastrami, so you definitely can't say no to this smoked meat, which is effing delicious as well, but about half the price. . . We went 4 times in 3 days. NUFF SAID!
Portion size just right. . We had the classic smoke meat sandwitch . . Price is right. Seating... tight (TIGHT). Line up 10-15 minute. . Worth it?  YES.
Definitely lives up to the hype. There are 3 types of meat: lean, medium, and fatty. Definitely go for the fatty one! with a sour pickle. Meat was so juicy and delicious!. . The place was a little cramped but definitely worth it!. . CASH ONLY.
The line may be long but it moves. The meat was spot on. Simple and delicious. As good as smoked meat gets. Friendly, classic, quick service.
Amazing
A Montreal legend.  It was a bit of a walk to get there from my hotel, but I got up to the counter and ordered the smoked meat sandwich.  It is a simple sandwich with great flavor.  Amazing.
Yes, it's that good. The Holy Grail of smoked meat sandwiches on the Island awaits inside Schwartz's doors. You may have to wait a bit to get in, and it may be a bit cramped, but it is completely worth it.
Hands down, this is the most delicious smoked meat you'll find! . . The line-up to get a seat in this place stretched down the road, so my beau and I decided to head into their take out section next door and grab a seat  by the back window (recommended!). I am not normally a big beef person and initially ordered a turkey sandwich. "This is the same turkey you can get anywhere," the guy said to me. "Including in Toronto--that's where you're from right?". . Was it that obvious? He said 80 per cent of their customers come from Toronto, but it was my dialect that gave it away. . . He talked me into getting the smoked meat, so I ordered it skinny and man was I glad I did! It was so tasty and tender it was as if it had been cooking in a crockpot for days. It literally fell apart in my mouth. Since it was "skinny" it wasn't fat at all, which was especially nice because I am typically picky and girly in these matters. Seriously, it was so good it almost made me wonder why I spend the majority of my life pseudo-vegetarian!
HOLY EFF BOMB THIS SMOKED MEAT IS AMAZING. I'm from Texas so I know. . . Just get a damn smoked meat sandwich with a pickle, banana peppers and fries and you'll be in heaven. It's a diner, it's loud, it's hectic and crazy. It'll be a quick and dirty kinda meal but you'll walk away thinking " wow. I want to eat here once a week".
This is best (and cheapest) meal I had while in Montreal! I could have gone here every day. I had the smoked meat (medium) sandwich with a pickle. I didn't get the peppers but they looked awesome! The servers were good and the sandwich came out fast. If you like your personal space, you should probably get a sandwich to go. You sit in cramped tables with random people, but I think the sandwich makes up for that. Everyone has to try Schwartz's during their visit.
First of all, accept the fact that you're going to have to wait in line to get in.  It's also quite likely that said queue will stretch down the block.. Don't let this deter you.  The line moves quickly because it's not really a place where people can linger; there are only a dozen or so communal tables + a row of stools at the bar.  Also, the staff are pros at keeping track of who's next to be seated, and they turn the tables fairly quickly, too, without rushing patrons to go.. On that note: DON'T try to cut the line.  Unless you're a major celebrity or have known the owners since birth, you'll be unceremoniously bounced out the front door.  We watched at least 3 people try to sneak in during Saturday lunch, and the host/waitstaff weren't having it.  Fair warning.. Once you're ushered inside, you're directed to the nearest open seat and are pretty much immediately on-deck to have your order ready.  That said, the only thing you really need to decide is whether you want your meat served up lean, medium, or fatty (I went with "lean," and I thought the texture and moisture were perfect), and if you want it served on seedless rye bread or au naturale, i.e. on a plate.  (Tip: skip the bread.)  . From there, your only dilemma is how many kosher dill pickles to order on the side.  (FYI, these are not your typical namby-pamby dill spears, folks.  These are whole, crisp cucumbers, brined and spiced to perfection.  You'll want two.  Trust me.). The meat is unique (fork-tender, peppery with a hint of smoke, and perfect when slathered with the house mustard); the atmosphere is authentic (the spartan decor looks like it probably hasn't changed much since the 1940s or 50s--in a good way); and the service is fast and efficient.. It's a memorable meal that is worth the wait.
This meat can't be better. Definitely I ate more than I should have. Made sandwiches at home since I like the freedom of applying my own condiments. Looked like a festive crowd and will defiinitely partake in the festivities on location next time. . . Cash only.
during my BEB 2013 journey.... . you know this place has to be guud if the line is covering and blocking the window view/entrance of the stores next to it.. . The smoked meat here is aweeeesome. Not too smokey where its painful to eat, but cooked and smoked to the perfect tenderness. The cool thing about this place was that you were able to choose what kind of smoked meat you wanted. Your given an option of smoked meat with no fat, smoked meat with a little fat, or smoked meat with a lot of fat. Obviously...for me...gotta go for the smoked meat with LOTS OF FAT! Yah I know its not healthy for you...but for me: ITS WHERE ALL THE GUUDNESS AND FLAVORS ARE! . . We also ordered a side of french fries and dill pickles. The fries tasted like fries and the dill pickles tasted a bit different, but in a guud way. . . One of the highlights of this restaurant...the server kept on talking about this "cherry soda." He talked about it so much that I had to order one. THIS CHERRY SODA WAS SOOO AMAZING! It literally was the best cherry soda that Ive ever had! If Guinness Book of World Record had a category for best cherry soda in a can...it has to be the one that this restaurant has! ITS A MUST GET! Goes great with the smoked meat! This soda was sooo guuud that I bought another one TO-GO after the meal!. . Anyways...service was fast and quick. The size of the restaurant was very small...so be ready to get cozy with some strangers. Vibe and environment was awesome...always filled with upbeat and energized people.. . P.S. get the plate! who eats bread/carbs anyways right? And plus...you get a free side of bread when you order the plate.. . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!. . UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
Schwartz's is arguably the most famous deli in Montreal. It's menu proudly lists a who's who in entertainment, including Celine Dion - who I hear is now a part-owner of this iconic albeit overly touristy restaurant.. . Expect to queue for a while (though it moves quickly) with the hordes of tourists to grab a seat at one of a dozen or so shared and packed tables in a chaotic and rather run down dining room. Sounds delightful, ha, not really, but oh does that sandwich make up for the pain of the experience.. . The smoked meat, which is similar to American corn beef or British salt beef, is delicious. My sandwich overflowed with meaty goodness. It was the perfect mix of fat and lean meat served on smallish pieces of rye bread and some mustard. The beef was so tender it easily fell apart and I wound up eating it with a fork! There are other Jewish "inspired" dishes on offer (it is unclear if this place is kosher, I assume it is not), but almost everyone went with the smoked meat.. . Swartz's serves some of the best deli sandwiches I've had and can easily match anything you'd find in a deli-mecca like NYC. Definitely worth a trip!
What can I say, it's a classic, most people love it, some people don't... Remember to specify how you like the meat, lean, medium or fatty.. . I used to think, bah, whatever, but a few months ago, I started craving smoked meat, went to Schwartz at 11pm to get my fix, sandwich, medium, pickle, cherry soda, bam! That hit the spot.. . Came back this past week with some friends from out of town, they loved it. We went next door to the takeout place, less wait, less crowded. Sure enough they liked it so much we stopped over on the way home so my friend could order some takeout for the road.. . They have the mustard on the table, which is good because I felt like adding more. The medium is not too fatty, but it feels more juicy. And once in a while you get hit bit a bit of fat and it's like butter, yum. A bite of pickle, sip of the cherry cola, rinse and repeat.. . Sandwich, medium, pickle, cherry coke, 'nough said.
Been putting off returning to Schwartz's over the years because it's so damn busy. Every time I'm in Montreal I try to satisfy my smoked meat cravings with the likes of Lester's, Rubens or Main because I didn't want to wait in line forever. But none of those really hit the spot. . . Then today I realized that they have the location next to the dine-in for take away. Great choice. Quick service - in and out.. . Nothing really beats Schwartz's in terms of smoked meat. Nothing. It is a little bit of a cliche but there's a reason why people line up to eat at these guys.
Being a native New Yorker,.. we have 2nd ave, Kat's, Carnegie deli... When I heard about Schwartz's, I had to go and compare... and you know what, I was pleasantly surprised... It's really damn good!. . So at Kat's deli (my current NYC favorite)... the first thing you get is the pastrami on rye with mustard... at Schwartz's, you get the smoked meat on rye with mustard. We had the option of lean, medium, or fatty. To be on the safe side, we went with medium because the lean might be a bit dry... a decision I ended up regretting. Should have gone with fatty. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious. I just wish there was more fat on it... personal taste, not because there was something wrong with medium. . . The flavor of the smoked meat sandwich was not as salty as New York pastrami... a BIG plus for Schwartz's. And it's actually easily manageable. I have never EVER been able to eat a Kat's sandwich without it falling apart on me. Sure we get to pick at the pastrami after we're done, but the fact that its so salty... doesn't sit as well as a clean sandwich.. . The only downside is that Schwartz's is not in New York. Schwartz's wins. Hands down.. . PS: I HATE cole slaw... But I actually like Schwartz's cole slaw. It's just brined cabbage. No mayo.
The best smoked meat!
Once you actually get a to sit down and eat...the food is amazing.  Don't screw yourself trying to order anything but the smoked beef.  It's what you go there for and it is done well.  The line to get in sucks but it is well worth it.
The smoked meat sandwich has so much smoked meat it is likely to fall apart the moment you take a bite-in fact, you'll probably need 17 napkins just for the first half. But who cares?  It's so incredibly good, you'll be picking little bits of smoked meat off your lap to make sure you get every last bite.. . I think Montreal has the best smoked meat in the world, and that Swartz's is by far the best place to get smoked meat in Montreal.  So by my logic, it stands to reason that this is the best smoked meat sandwich in the world. Despite the fact that your $7.64 will only get you the sandwich with no sides (trust me, you aren't likely to need much after consuming this sandwich), there is a constant lineup outside this place at all hours of the day.. . For an extra charge you have the option of ordering your sandwich lean or medium, but I order mine straight up.  This is no place to quibble about fat.
My goodness. Montreal is so lucky to have their very own Swartz Deli. I was walking by again the next day and had to force myself to keep on walking. It's the healthiest but it sure is almost to perfection.
Vacationing in Monetreal:. I was wandering around my hotel looking for a place to eat for dinner and saw a huge line outside this place. I decided to stand in line to see what the commotion is all about. . . Initial reaction: This place reminds me of an old school restaurant you see in movies. This place has been around for nearly 80 years. The dining area is brightly lighted and pictures and newspaper clippings covered the wall. There's even a counter for solo eaters like me to eat. I ended up talking to a guy next to me and now we're friends. According to the staff they have hooked up two couples this month! Overall a very lively experience.. . What I ordered: The guy next to me recommended me to try their smoked meat sandwich and get the pickle. Normally, I am really critical of sandwiches because they all taste the same to me. . . Time to order to time served: Food came out quite quickly (should've take that long since it's only a sandwich right?) even with a packed house and people waiting for a table outside. . . Food: I can see why there's a huge line outside. The sandwich itself is packed with meat and it was delicious. The fact that I was hungry made the sandwich taste even better. As stated before, I'm not much of a sandwich person and this is good. Wash it down with a soda and some fries and it's a winning formula.  . . Bathroom: Didn't get to use it so I cannot comment. . . Customer Service: The customer service was very straight forward and aggressive but still in a friendly way. I did not feel unwelcomed or rushed even though I was a bit dazed with all that commotion when I first walked in.  . . Would I eat there again: Yes, I will eat there again even though I'm not a sandwich and to me that's a pretty big deal. This place is not that cheap. For a smoked meat sandwich, fries, pickle, soda was about 13 dollars.
Not just hype! The best smoked meat I've ever had. . . The restaurant is small and you're seated at long tables, shoulder to shoulder with other diners. Old school style diner where you actually get to socialize with other human beings rather than being immersed in your phone. . . On to the food. The smoked meat sandwiches are out of this world. They offer lean, medium, and fatty meat. I suggest the fatty: it is the most flavourful. Sandwiches are overflowing with meat to the point where you need a fork to finish everything. The only condiment is mustard, and that's all you need. Also comes with a pickle. . . Depending on when you go, be prepared to wait in line. But the line does tend to move quickly and it is DEFINITELY worth it. Try to miss the lunch rush. We went at lunch time and waited about 15 minutes. But when we left there was no line at all. . . This is a must eat in Montreal. We were only in Montreal for two days and we had ate here twice. You won't be disappointed.
love it.. . i wouldn't compare this to katz in new york. just different. and both places deserve to stand on their own.. . i suggest the to go line because the sit in line was just stupid.. . sandwich looks small when you take it out of the bag but basically becomes a meat bloom when unwrapped.. . medium fat was just perfect.
Yum yum yum! The sandwich here was SO delicious we got it again as take out on our way out of town. I'd skip the fries (which are fine, but nothing particularly special) and save room to savor the meat and the pickles!
Holy cow.  This place is awesome.  Authentic NY jewish food and the same charm also.  Smoked meat is so good!  Fresh rye, pickles, coleslaw...doesn't get any better. Don't miss it!
We went here with the French side of the family after a decidedly touristy afternoon. There was a short line, but the 5 of us got in quickly, and were seated immediately. Our waiter was a quirky but funny older fellow who was full of jokes and great recommendations. The hubs and I were going to share a sandwich, but our waiter told us that one of us would probably starve if we did so. He was right, the sandwiches look big in the photos, but are more suited for one person instead of two. We also ordered the fries and the cherry soda everyone raves about. I was pleasantly surprised!! Normally when I order smoked meat like pastrami or corned beef, it has too much peppercorn flavor or is too salty. This was NOT a problem here! The meat was tender, tasty, juicy and perfect. You can even decide how much fat you want! I was so hungry that I devoured the meal in less than 20 minutes. That is a record for me because I like my meals to be nice and slow. Good company, good food, and good prices makes this place 5/5 stars!
Legendary Jewish deli up on the famous St-Laurent Boulevard.  Personally, this is my favorite Jewish deli in the world.  Schwartz's smoked meat sandwiches blows NYC Katz's deli pastrami sandwiches out the water, AND at a fraction of the price.  I got into a heated debate about this with one of my best friends from Brooklyn.  Finally, a popular chef and Gourmet Mag writer from NYC chimed in and declared Schwartz's as the undisputed winner! http://www.gourmet.com/restaurants/2009/03/smoked-meat-versus-pastrami. . Schwartz's has a deep and storied history in the city of Montreal and has been around since the early 20th century. It is an iconic establishment and has seen visits from world famous dignitaries and celebrities.  . . Bottom line, this is where you go to get a solid smoked meat sandwich at a blue-collar price.  Lean or fat are your two options. Gets no better than that!
Legendary smoke meat and at a affordable price, and amazing service, you haven't come to Montreal until you have tried schwartz's
When I am visiting a city I have never been before, I try to make a list of places to check out as well local eats in advance. However, thanks to NYC, I generally leave thinking that I have had better ones. This place was an exception.. . Don't be scared of the line outside. Unless you are a party of 4+, the average wait is 1.25 minutes per person ahead of you (yes, I am an engineer), and you won't regret waiting. Also the service is pretty fast inside.. . You don't need to get all the extra things the servers are trying to make you have. Just get the smoked beef sandwich for a great experience.
Huge fan.. . It was my first time eating at Schwartz and was surprised to see a long waiting line. So don't expect to find a place right away to seat. Although, if it's sunny and beautiful, you can always take it to go (way faster, no waiting line if any, it is minimal) and do a takeout picnic!. . Price is very affordable.. . The smoked meat is delicious! . . Don't forget to get yourself a marinated pickle! It really goes well together with the smoked meat sandwich.
If you're through Montreal, you must make a stop here. The best smoked meat sandwiches for a great price! As mentioned, the lineup is usually quite long, but you can do the takeout line which is much quicker and find somewhere else to eat. Be careful when eating, however, as in your moments of enjoying the amazing sandwich, you may be dripping mustard all over the place.
I have heard a lot before arriving to this restaurant. The established smoked meat sandwiches since 1928 were too hard to resist not visiting during my trip to Montreal. When me and my family arrived, we were greeted with a long lineup of people. After waiting several minutes and watching an unemployed guy beg for money, we got a table sharing with two friendly elderly people. . . Me and my family all ordered the smoked meat sandwich dressed with mustard and pickles on the side. After they arrived, we all started digging in. The smoked meat was amazing. However, more smoked flavor would have made the dish perfect. The pickles were a nice side and served well with the sandwich (ordered separately). The service was quick and fast but also helpful. . . Schwartz exceeded some of my expectations. The smoke meat was great but I was expecting more with the smoked flavor. Also, the check (or bill) was very expensive, costing $46 for four people. I recommend this for people trying smoked meat for the first time. I will definitely return to Schwartz's.
Came back a year later because we were Jonesing for that sandwich. Still just as good maybe better then the last time. We got two sandwiches this time because I was not going to share. I remembered that I really liked the mustard they used so this time I bought my own bottle...and it was worth it. We also got an order of fries which were amazing as well. The owner/co-owner/wife of owner what have you was there and she helped things move along quite quickly. The price is very reasonable especially since we are from New York. I would put this up against Katz Deli or the Carnegie Deli Sam'mich any day and not only would it hold it's ground it would beat them. Katz and Carnegie both charge roughly $24 for one of their sandwiches but Schwartz though half the size is a bargain at $7... Schwartz, if you are reading this, that is not an invitation to jack up your prices. Stay humble and true....greed is a bitter taste.
worth the wait great sandwich made to order very quickly. get the pickle, try the fries. . why can't they open up in Fort Lauderdale fl
Smoked meat sandwich is so good here! Better than Main across the street. I always order a pickle and fries to compliment the sandwich. It's very popular and always crowded but service is good and fast. We're lucky we never had to wait on line out of 3 late night visits.
This place speaks for itself.  If you havent heard of this place, where have you been.  I tried the hot peppers this time and they were amazing.
Un grand classique de Montreal. Honnetement le meilleur sandwich de viande fumee que j'ai pu gouter jusqu'a present. L'attente vaut le coup. Il s'agit la d'un endroit quelque peu mythique ou il faut dejeuner au moins une fois dans sa vie.
As a New Jersey native that frequents New York City delis, I have to say, Schwartz's rivals Katz's and 2nd Avenue Deli. I'm in Montreal with a friend for the weekend, and my father, a deli aficionado, begged me to visit this restaurant.. . After reading the reviews, we expected our lunchtime wait to be much longer than it was. We reached the front of the line relatively quickly, and were seated at a table with two couples. Both of us opted to order the smoked meat sandwich (in case you're wondering - that's pastrami) and sour pickles. It was some of the best pastrami I've ever had. The flavor and texture of the meat were perfect, and it had just the right amount of fat. The rye was flavorful. The pickle was hands down one of the best pickles I've ever eaten. . . We both left full and happy, and I'll definitely return if I'm ever in the area again.
Glad we did not wait in the line for a seat inside, because we had the best takeout order, two sandwiches topped with fires plus pickles. They were heaven.
May the Schwartz be with you..... . Thursday @ 2pm: No wait. Saturday @ 1:40pm (in the rain): 45 minute wait. . All you need to get is:. . - 1 Fatty Smoked Meat Sandwich (it comes in lean, medium, & fatty). - 1 Cole Slaw. - 1 Pickle. . The ambiance is no frills, but the food will have you shaking your head yes on each bite. The smoked meat had the perfect amount of fat (there were no grisly pieces) and you will be tempted to order another one to share.  We tried the medium version after the fatty and we could tell the difference (fatty is king).  The cole slaw was tossed in vinegar (instead of mayo) and was the perfect side item.  Schwartz will definitely be a mandatory stop the next time I'm back in Montreal.
Just recently had some of their smoked meat, and its was incredibly good. My friend had been to Montreal on the weekend and brought some back for me. Even though it was cold and had to be reheated, it was delicious! I can't even begin to fathom what it would taste like if it was fresh and hot...This is a must visit!
If you are ever in Montreal you have come here for a smoked meat sandwich. Smoked meat is Montreal's version of pastrami and it is amazing, so tender and flavorful w/ a smear of their hot mustard. We planned to split a sandwich to save room to grab a small bite somewhere else but after the smells got to us we each got a sandwich & split a side of fries w/ a pickle. It was more than enough to fill us up. We will be back again during our annual trip to visit friends.
It's all about the smoked beef.  Growing up in New York City the vibe reminds me of home.  It is a Montreal twist to a NYC style corn beef or pastrami sandwich with mustard, pickles, and cole slaw.  You need to pay with cash and it's not cheap, but not overpriced for what you get.
Schwartz's take out is right next door to the sit down deli. Awesome hot beef brisket. You can ask for leaner cuts although they'll  try to convince you that the fattier cuts are better. It's actually true.. the fattier cuts do taste better. A little salty for people with low salt tolerance but there're ways to fix that.  Nice people. Visited on Nov 12 2013.
This is the best smoked meat sandwich in Montreal, albeit I only ate at 3 different establishments in my weekend in Montreal.  The sandwich here was noticeably better, the meat was not only juicy but flavorful, you can taste the essence and not just the meat.. . I have being told that this place always has a line, the combination of time honored restaurant, small establishment and yummy sandwich tends to do it.  There is a place to the left that does their to-go and catering orders, so if you are ok with sitting on a stoop and eating your sandwich that one will save you the wait.
Holy f@$k do they have a wicked smoked meat sandwich! Best I've ever had!. . Coleslaw side went perfect with all that meat. Top it off with a cherry cola and you're good to go. Service is great and friendly with entertaining banter! Character to the max. All sorts of people stuffed together in this little dinner looking place simultaneously chowing down on smoked meat. . . If you could eat only one meal in Montreal this is the place! Pretty sure this is Montreal smoked meat heaven!
Reading through these comments and I realize some people have it all wrong. It is smoked meat which is beef not pastrami, the sandwiches are half a pound of meat on 2 pieces of rye bread and some mustard. The traditional sandwich is medium, so if you are ordering a lean sandwich expect it to be dry. It is a deli not a gourmet restaurant so don't criticize the environment. . P.S. It is the best smoked meat sandwich
Holy smokes! I was just in Montreal with my cousin and some friends and was introduced to Schwartz's deli. I was blown away! . . I ordered the smoked meat sandwich medium. (The medium refers to the amount of fat on the beef I presume. I was told it's the only way to do it.) The sandwich is a half pound of smoked beef on rye bread with yellow mustard. My goodness, it's AMAZING! . . The fries were also very very good! I would come for the fries also! I went to another place before I left town that was offering a "smoked meat" sandwich. DO NOT BE FOOLED BY IMPOSTERS! Schwartz's makes the sandwich you want! . . P.S. It's cash only.
Why isn't there a Schwartz's located in New York City?. . But I digress.... . If you are EVER in Montreal and do NOT pass by Shwartz's deli then you my friend are missing out. . . I personally am not a fan of pastrami or anything like that, but I knew I wanted to try Montreal's famous smoked meat while I was in town. . . When you first walk in this looks like your typical meat shop/deli all wrapped into one. I ordered the smoke meat poutine from a rather friendly/sarcastic guy behind the counter. They didn't have small to go containers so he offered the larger container and actually filled the entire thing for me and my friend (who ordered the same) at no additional charge. This had to be the best poutine I had by far while I was in Montreal.. . Don't know what poutine is? Well picture this: french fries (at the bottom), gravy, cheese curds, and a myriad of Montreal's famous smoked meat. This is a popular Canadian dish and you should not leave Canada without having tried it.  . . Towards the back of the establishment there is limited seating for patrons. However, they have a bulletin board with newspaper clippings, photos, and notes from patrons. It was amazing to see how many people have come to Shwartz's from all over the world. Trust me when I say all those people weren't lying when they named Shwartz's the best deli in all of Montreal.. . Tip: They accept credit cards, but there is a minimum in place.
No fewer than four people in New Orleans and other far-flung places recommended--nay, pretty much *required*, as the basis for continued friendship--that we include a stop at Schwartz's on a whirlwind visit to see our son at McGill.  . . We did, and we understand.  . . You go for the "smoked meat", the deceptively generic-sounding menu mainstay. (There are other items, such as turkey, salami, and chicken, but we'll leave those for another visit).  . . The smoked meat comes in three degrees of fattiness. Sorry to have to shorten your lifespans, but stick to the medium and fatty.  Schwarz's sandwich is a simple presentation of bread with a swipe of mustard.  The lean would work on a more complex sandwich, but in this presentation it's flavorless.  I worried that the the fatty would arrive with chunks of free-standing fat, but it doesn't.  There is simply more of the flavor-bearing fat elixir in the meat pile.  Go for the fatty and don't look back.  Just walk an extra, oh, ten miles or so after you eat.  . . The pickles and cole slaw are outstanding, to the extent that this place would be in four or five star territory even if the meat was store-bought bologna.  The sour and dill pickles and the zesty, non-mayonnaisey slaw drew multiple "best I've ever had" comments from our dining party.  Vegetarians might want to stop here just for those two dishes, even if it might be a bit awkward explaining the order to the waiter.
The meat is very fresh. We lined up outside for around 20 minutes at over 8pm. It is worth the lineup though. We ordered the combo and the large plate. The combo is of greater value in my mind(with rib and smoked meat together)
