The ladies and gentlemen at the front are ready to get you into the new buffet. Thy quickly processed my order for an all day pass, which rings up at a hefty $54.99 with a Total Rewards membership card. Be sure to have your card and method payment ready.. . With already precut crab legs, a fully staffed sushi bar and chefs that interact with you, the $17,000,000 buffet renovation is complete!. . The food lines wrap around the South wall and to the very back of the restaurant, so don't miss anything.. . The desserts are on an island of awesome in the front most part of the restaurant. The design is a rectangle with familiar and not so familiar confections. The hard part will be trying to figure out where there's enough room to try them all.. . I'll definitely bereturning to this buffet, it now is able to compete with other fiver star hotel's buffets.
Best in town.  My wife and I went opening night and had no comlaints.  Price was just under $29 with a players card.  Decent seafood selection with three varieties of crab and two raw oyster selections, plus a tasty oyster shooter.  The brisket was better than most BBQ restaurants in town and the rib eye steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare and had a nice steakhouse char.  Sushi was not great but a good selection.. . The dolmas were the only item we tried that were a disappointment having undercooked rice and soaked in an overpowering marinade.  There was an abundance of dessert selections including two creme brulee's, creative gelato flavors (which tasted great but were textured more like ice cream than gelato), and many other items that we were too full to try.. . Things like the charcuterie and cheese selection reminded me of what Wynn used to offer.  A great value at this price!
AMAZING! Until last night I told everyone I met that The Wicked Spoon at The Cosmopolitan was the best buffet in town. But no longer. The Bacchanal at Caesars is the new KING of Vegas Buffets. The selection is crazy, everything is fresh and the cooks are knowledgable and friendly. Have the pasta cook make you pesto chicken bow tie pasta....so good! For me, at a buffet,dessert is the deciding factor and this dessert selection is spectacular. Crepes, soufle, creme brulee, gelato (both regular as well as interesting flavors such as watermelon/mint and chocolate aztec), bananas foster, cakes, cookies etc. . . Finally, the price. Compared to other Vegas buffets it is awesome. During the week with your palyers club card is was $28.99 per person. You can't beat that in Vegas.. . My only suggestion to Caesars is to train their staff better on the pricing specifics of the buffet. We asked 4 employees (concierge, Player Club and at the Buffet itself) about the prices and if there was a discount for having a players card and everyone gave us a different answer or simply stated 'I don't know" and all 4 were incorrect.. . Other than that, the place is beautiful and food is amazing. I HIGHLY recommend it!
Let me just say WOW~ . I came for the Dinner last night but was not going to wait in the Hour and 1/2 line So, I came back for Lunch. . I was extremely satisfied with the 1/2 hour wait. As much as I hate waiting. . First as you walk in for Lunch, you'll see Oysters on the half shell, shrimp, and muscles on the half shell. But that's not what impressed me, it was the freshness of the oysters and the shrimp, it was the best i've had at a buffet ever!. Second you'll notice juice in jars, not just any juice, FRESHLY squeezed, OJ, CARROT, APPLE, CUCUMBER, and GRANNY SMITH! yum stuff let me tell you I know my juices very well! My daughter loved the OJ and Carrot Mixed together!. Then you move into the seafood steamed and Fish&Chips which were Great! Hot and Good, best at a buffet I've ever had. . Also the meat station, the Spicy sausage was great! The Prime Rib was Tender and moist, I went back for seconds, and the Brisket was smoked and tender. Potatoes Mashed were real and not a powder! Grade A there!. Stopped at the Mexican Stand and it was tacos and cooked to order Fajitas! You name it they had it in SALSA baby! So much salsa that I only tried the ones I had never had before in my life. And BOY oh BOY were they SPICY and GOOD!!! . Now! the Italian Station! Pizza was just amazing, and Fresh, Pasta cooked to order and Even the PHO / RAMEN / UDON / RICE Noodle station cooked to order and the broth was so good. My daughter ate 2 helpings of the pasta! . THE SALAD STATION!!!!!!!!!!! was AMAZING!!!!!! I love my greens, but there were not just Greens, they were QUALITY greens, and even Hare-loom Tomatoes with Mozzarella which was just Outstanding. Let me tell you, these were some amazing selections and to many to eat BUMMER my stomach just isn't big enough!. The Chinese/Japanese/Korean Station was Above and beyond, with the Tuna Poke salad and the Soba noodles, Curry with even Chicken Satay!!! Dim Sum items and BBQ Ribs! Loved those because they were actually Good~ never find good quality ribs at a Buffet - ever - . Getting to the Desert - - - - O. M. G. = = = = REAL WHIP CREAM AT THE CREPE STATION!!!! Amazing again!!! with VANILLA GELATO!!!! with RASPBERRIES AND BLUEBERRIES!! Make your mouth water, IM NOT DONE, Drizzled with CHOCOLATE SAUCE/ or NUTELLA SAUCE.... The little deserts that I am use to getting at other buffets were good, but just selection after selection of quality, I actually felt bad to waste anything! I love the cheese at certain buffets or the meats, but here I paid for Everything in one spot! Will be doing a Dinner one night! . It was everything a Buffet should be and was Fine with paying the Over price for it!
Definitely stood out from all the buffets in town.. Delicious!
Great food I pigged out, it's a great new place to check out, must go!
This is an awesome buffet. We had dinner here and it was great. Line was long and it was getting close to closing time so watch that because they will stop bringing out new food. The chefs work each of their stations so you can ask them about anything they are serving. It's all made right in front of you. Seafood station had nice big shrimp. Crab legs were small and not much meat. The meats were good especially the sliders. Mashed potatoes and fried broccoli with cheese were my favorites. Italian station was Ok. Lots of cut meat and cheese but I didn't try. Japanese station was good with sushi and pepper beef being my favorite. They desserts are amazing. Cheesecake lollipops and the gelato were awesome. We tried the Bellagio buffet the next day for lunch and it doesn't even compare to this one.
This buffet was AMAZING. I think I like it better than Wicked Spoon! We went there for lunch (3) and I was surprised they had a fresh seafood station. They had on ice, fresh oysters on a half shell, clams, mussels, and huge cocktail shrimp. That was the first place I went to! The cocktail sauce was amazing as well, I bet it had horse raddish in it or something because some of it was spicy, but it was really good. For their cooked seafood, they had a clam bake, baked halibut, rice with bell peppers, sausage, and clams... sooo good as well as others. I was very pleased with that station because the servers behind the station were ready and waiting to refill whatever as food got low! Not only did they have an awesome seafood station, they had lots of other foods: bbq, mexican, chinese, sushi, cheese, italian, and dessert! I sampled all the other food and it was pretty good, Iwas still just in love with the seafood station!. . At the dessert station, they had different types of gelato that you don't normally see, I tasted each of them and they were all very good. They also had a crepe station with a few fresh fruit selections. The servers behind the dessert station were very nice and offering souffles (sp?) right out the over! I'm not a souffle person but that was pretty darn good. They also were caramelizing the crem brulees right there! They had milk chocolate and hazelnut - my brother got chocolate, he liked it and I got hazenut which was good. They had a chocolate cake that was awesome as well!. . After eating we had coffee which had a great flavor. Our server was very kind and sweet to us. We asked for ketchup for waffle fries and when she couldn't find anyone, she got the manager to hunt it down for us.. wow! She was pretty good at taking our dishes and not leaving us with a table full of them!. . All in all, it was a great experience, awesome to be one of first people to eat at the buffet! If you're going to Vegas, the Bacchanal Buffet is a definite must!!
Caesar Palace finally stepped up to the plate and opened up the buffet up to meet their standards. We went on Opening Day (9-11-12) around 10am and we were told they hit max capacity and will re-open for lunch. We waited in line for them to re-open at 11am, but  many people were cutting in line. There was only 8 groups in front of us, the Bacchanal wasn't going to fill up...so we didn't care too much. Regular price for lunch was $21.95. We were seated in the glass room. Bacchanal transform their buffet area into three different theme room: steel, wood and glass and they were beautiful. . The staff and service was awesome. Even the staff that were serving us over the counter, they kept asking if we wanted anything else. They were ready to do anything. The food spread was massive, it kept going and going. There was so much food and so many cuisines to try... I end up stuffing myself and didn't try everything. . The food portion was serve similar to Wicked spoon with individual portion size. Even though its in individual plates, some portion was a little too much for myself.. I started in the seafood area, we cocktail shrimp, oysters, clams, oyster shooters, then the fish- halibut and salmon grilled, chowder, crab cakes (YUM!). Asian area: dim sum, hot & sour soup, miso soup, duck, bbq pork, sesame ball, potstickers, stir fried veggies, fried rice, chow mein, orange chicken, korean bbq, grilled chicken, sushi and more...Italian area have many different types of pasta: lasagna, spaghetti,  variety of pizza, bread and cheese area, cold meat area, salads, and of course a Mexican area with tortillas, carnitas, homemade salsa, beans, and more. Carving station have lots of different types of meats: sausages, beef, ribs, turkey. I really like the hot link. Also the dessert station was awesome. They have a variety of cookies, cupcakes, cakes, pies, cheesecake, ice cream/gelato and fruit. . After all the food we stuff into our stomach, we had cups of coffee. The coffee was flavorful, it wasn't like diluted water. Everything was great and so delicious. I totally would recommend this place to everyone and I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas, especially for dinner to try the other seafood they will have.
Wow. Only just opened - I managed to make the opening day. Friendly staff, fresh food, masses of choice and comfortable seats! Excellent - all for $20?!?!
This buffet is fantastic!  It's better than Wicked Spoon, Wynn, and Aria.  The decor was great becacuse you could sit in 3 sections-metal, glass, wood.  I sat in the metal area with arm chairs and the chair was so comfortable.  I had a great time waiting in line for 2 hours to eat the dinner buffet.  It was fun chatting with people in front and back of me.  Show your Total rewards card and you will get $3.00 off.  Great deal!  I paid $36.99 for dinner buffet.. . There were 7 sections-Asian w/dim sum, duck, pho bar, Italitan-pizza, meatballs, pasta, garlic knot bread, Mexican-salsas, homemade tortillas, carne asada, tamales, American-prime rib, chicken, sausages, fried chicken w/fries in basket, fish w/fries, salmon, Seafood-crab legs, shrimp, oysters, Japanese-Udon, sushi, rice, Desserts-gelato, macaroonscookies in a cup, cakes, mini cupcakes, Deli-cheese and slices of deli meat.  . . Highlights-dim sum, duck, pizza, carne asada, prime rib, crab legs, desserts.  The staff was great especially behind the dessert bar and servers who refill my drinks.  I will definitely go back again.  I can't wait.
This is the most spectacular buffet I have been to, well worth the $35 I paid for brunch. As a big fan of Mexican food, I was impressed with the Mexican food station. There were freshly-made corn tortillas, and the carnitas were top-notch. All the accompaniments were well-prepared. There were many salsas to choose from, all of which were excellent.. . The other stations looked excellent too but I only sampled a small number of things. The dim sum was good, the sushi was just so-so, with paltry helpings of fish in rolls; no nigiri. There was a charcuterie display that had delicious sliced salami and so forth. There were a selection of fresh juices, probably 8 or 10 different ones, but they weren't labeled. I just picked a red one and it turned out to be watermelon, which was delicious. I later learned that I should have just asked what they all were, because when I got to the dessert island, there were a bunch of unlabeled tiny plated desserts. They all looked delicious, but I wanted to know what they were. I asked the nice young lady behind the counter and she very graciously told me the name of each item I pointed out. After I pointed out and asked about 3 or 4 I realized she was going to be patient enough to tell me what they all were, so I asked to her to name them all. She seemed honestly pleased to take the time to explain every one to me. She also offered me a tiny souffle that was just coming out of the oven. A different young lady who made me a crepe was also really friendly and helpful. A chef walked by while she was making my crepe and asked her to wipe off the top of the counter when she had a chance. She smiled and nodded, and said "yes, chef". . . The space itself was absolutely gorgeous; one of the finest dining rooms I have ever had the pleasure to dine in. We dined in the wood section and there lots of nice subtle details that added up to make the expense obvious. My only complaints have to do with things that were not the food:. . (1) It was slightly difficult to navigate from the table back to the buffet areas. At one point I found myself squeezing between the chair occupied by an obvious buffet-lover and a wooden partition. I'm not sure how that happened but more obvious aisleways in the dining area would have helped.. . (2) There just weren't enough labels for the food. Once I figured out I could ask and the staff would be gracious enough to explain everything, it was fine, but I'm sure there were lots of things I would have loved to sample if I had just known what they were.. . (3) The only bathroom was outside the entrance and woefully undersized for a buffet that seats hundreds of people. After tiring of waiting for a stall, I went in search of another bathroom elsewhere in Caesar's Palace. I found a nearly empty one near the main lobby that was three times the size of the one near the buffet, but it was a long hike there and back.
We went for the dinner buffet after already going to several on the strip and this place blew us away. Amazing. Pure quality. Don't even bother going anywhere else this is the place to get the most amazing buffet. Everything I ate was of a very high standard and I would recommend this place to anyone. . . The service was very very good. Definitely the best I've had at a Las Vegas buffet and probably in all of Vegas. I cannot even begin to say how impressed I was. I would give this place six stars if I could. . . MUST GO!!!
Look, if you're reading this, you've already proven that you hold a degree in advanced eating techniques. Who reads up about buffets but people who enjoy eating? . . With that said, there is a difference between people who want to gorge themselves with whatever they teeth may fall on, and those who want nothing but quality. . . The latter people should continue reading from this point on. . . Bacchanal Buffet has been the talk of the town for a bit now, and when it finally opened up on September 11, 2012, it did not fail to impress the masses. I actually got to enjoy it on its first Saturday at dinner. . . First, the line was long. But not as long as I have waited at the "M" buffet on a couple of occasions. It can only get better..or worse as word spreads about Bacchanal.. . Second, the service. Let's get this out of the way now. It's week one, and it was a weak one. But I can only imagine it will right itself out with time, so no biggie there, and no stars lost.. . Third, the food. Come on... I don't have to tell you what to expect. Look at the photos. Look at the reviews. It says it all! Ok fine, I'll tell you the two things that totally blew my mind. First up, the crab. Wherever you go, you had a herd of people, that goes and triages through the freaking crab legs to grab the claws and nothing but the claws. Bunch of vultures discarding pieces to the side to find the elusive claw. And then they leave. With all the claws. What the f...... . BUT Bacchanal fixes that problem and offers claws by themselves. That's right. BY THEMSELVES. But holdup! They are already pre cracked and take absolutely no effort to eat. . . The second thing that blew my mind...crap I forgot, I ate everything and then fell into a food coma.. . The end.
I've never been impressed with buffets in the past but after going to Bacchanal, that has certainly changed! The beautiful decor and themed rooms make you forget that you're in a buffet and the spread was just amazing.. . I stopped at the seafood bar first for some oysters and crab legs. This is the only place I've been to where they not only steam the crab right there for you but they also take the work out of cracking them! They aren't stingy with the serving either as they piled enough crab legs on my plate to feed a small army..I loved it :). . Next I hit the carving station which did not disappoint. I had prime rib and lamb chops and both were to die for. Everything was tender and flavorful and I ended up going back for a second helping. . . The Mexican station was definitely my favorite and I was impressed to see them making tortillas from scratch. The carne asada and carnitas were great and I loved that the guacamole was fresh. There must have been 15 or more salsas to try and I couldn't get enough. . . I'll just tell you that if you skip the dessert station - you're a fool! They have made-to-order crepes with anything you could possibly want as a topping and the chocolate cake is a must.. . Bottom line - GO! So many fresh, made from scratch selections and the staff were excellent. Top notch service along with the food.
Amazing amazing amazing! Couldnt tell you how pretty the decor is! I am ususally not a big fan of buffet, but this place is a must try! there are 12 live cook stations. from italian, to japanese, to live seafood. their desert station is probably the best in the entire buffet! BEST BUFFET in town!!!
I went on a weekday. Dinner was $31.99 with a players card, $34.99 without a players card. I'm sure it's more on weekends. I don't know how much more. I got there before the dinner rush. The wait wasn't too bad, maybe 30 minutes? Friendly service with a smile from all the staff-cashier, hostess, server, everyone.. . Fat pre-cut king crab legs, mussels, oysters, shrimp, stone crab. Meat galore for you carnivores-prime rib, lamb chops, brisket, pork, etc.  I didn't get a chance to taste all the seafood and meats though. . . I pigged out -oyster shooter, seafood paella, seafood gazpacho, ahi poke, bacon corn lobster chowder, truffled cheesy potatoes, etc.  They also have charcuterie.. . The dessert selection is :O!!! They make crepes for you-banana, strawberry, whipped cream and nutella and they have unique desserts the other buffets in Vegas don't have-warm chocolate chip cookie. *drool*. . My only regret is after reading the reviews on here, looks like I missed a lot of good stuff. I'll have to make up for it on my next trip. . . I don't want to go back to any other buffet in Vegas after going to this one! Best buffet in Vegas by far!
FINALLY, Caesars is getting its act together! It has always been my #1 favorite hotel in Vegas, but the truth was it was getting pretty dumpy...and basically coasting on its legendary name. Thankfully, hotel brass is now on a mission to make Caesars a 5-star resort, which includes revamping customer service, renovating rooms, and replacing the SAD, nasty-ass old buffet with this fabulous masterpiece!. . The name hearkens back to Caesars' old Bacchanal restaurant, the legendary scene of many a debauched meal partaken by fat plutocrats reclined on pillows, Wine Goddesses pouring the finest booze down their gullets. This being 2012, they toned downthe excess just a TAD...so no more pillows, and no more Wine Goddesses...but in every other respect, this place is a true bacchanal! All that's missing is a vomitorium -- for now, you'll have to make do with discreetly puking into the potted plants.. . You'll most definitely want to puke when visiting this buffet -- there's SO MUCH EXCELLENT FOOD, there's no way you can try everything without doing so. The chefs behind the Bacchanal visited every single buffet in Vegas (EVERY SINGLE ONE...even the crappy Arizona Charlie's ones, LOL) to suss out the competition...and then they proceeded to design a buffet that kicks every other buffet in town's ass -- hands down!! Even the vaunted M Resort Buffet!!! . . First off, beer and wine are included with dinner -- and whatever wine they pour is pretty damn good, so drink up! The selection of food is GREAT -- a fantastic sushi/sashimi spread, dim sum, tons of Asian salads and oddities. Plenty of glistening roasted animals hanging on hooks, waiting to be sliced up and gobbled down by salivating patrons. Fantastic salad bar, with fancy hi-class accouterments. FABULOUS charcuterie, with stinky cheeses and a variety of cured meats and dried fruits. Artisanal honey straight from a proudly displayed honeycomb -- with different spices, like star anise and vanilla bean, added to the various jars (the honey pairs GREAT with the Stilton bleu cheese). Hand-made tortillas at the Mexican station...individual baked lasagnas and zitis at the Italian station...a GINORMOUS seafood selection with every sort of shellfish imaginable, and a fine spread of greasy, lard-assed "comfort food" for the Amurricans in the house. My only complaint is that their middle Eastern selection is limited to hummus, tabbouleh, couscous and dolmades...and there is no Indian selection. But seriously, I couldn't fit any more anyway, so I forgive them! Oh, and the desserts are fabulous and WAY more varied than at other buffets -- it was like Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory! I'd never tried a REAL marshmallow before...and I'm here to tell you, THEY ARE DELICIOUS! . . The decor is clean and modern, with lots of classy food-as-art design flourishes. The background music is modern and the perfect tempo for eating -- fast enough to keep you pushing on through your miserable fullness, yet mellow enough to allow for a relaxed feeling.. . There is a large private dining room in the back, perfect for wedding receptions or private high-roller parties -- in fact, the room includes an 80" TV and will soon feature a karaoke system for those krazy hi-rolling Asian parties! I can't *WAIT* to get invited to (or crash) one of THOSE!!!. . Ugh, I can't write about this anymore because I am still reeling from my visit, and just threw up a little in my mouth. But take it from me -- this is a GREAT buffet!!! Its fabulous vibe of excess and decadence fit in perfectly with the whole Roman Empire shtick at Caesars...so if you really want to experience the glory and bounty of America, head here at once. You won't regret it!
Buffets in Vegas, how cliche is it? You'll never know how buffets really are in Vegas unless you take the time to find reviews online. As of recently Caesar's Palace recently renovated and reopened their buffet with a whole new outlook.. . What you need to know,. Dining plans, it is currently one of the busiest buffets in Vegas right now. If you plan on getting a good meal, this is it. Make sure you get there at least an hour to an hour and a half before you plan on dining. The line can be a ridiculous but well worth the wait. Diamond member? No waiting here just take the exclusive line and you're in! (open 7-10pm). . What's the cost?. Breakfast ~$19. Lunch ~$25. Dinner ~$35. Buffets of Buffets ~$50 (24 hour window of eating!). . How's the food?. Phenomenal, by far the best buffet I've had in my life...so far. There is everything from oysters to ramen. I dined for at least two hours to try to get a taste of each portion. Now you may be a little unease that the portions are small but don't be, it's a buffet!. . Lets start with some meat. The lamb chop was great, I'm not a big fan but the flavor came together very well. The brisket was a melt in your mouth type of meat, it was so tender that you could sit there and eat it all day. Prime rib for some may be a little rare but the juices made the ribs so rich and tender it was hard to set aside.. . Seafood? I didn't have a chance to try much (lines were exceptionally long) but it wasn't the best in my opinion. Crab legs were a little too salty but the good thing is, you don't have to worry about making a mess from cracking shells. The shrimp with cocktail sauce was by far the best shrimp I've had. Large pieces of shrimp with an excellent cocktail sauce beats it all. Now there was a shrimp and grits dish, it had a creamy texture right before you dive into the grits (not my favorite) but again, worth the taste. Lobster bacon cheddar soup, the title itself sounds awesome. Caesar does not hold back on their seafood, you will get a decent amount of lobster in the soup and the bacon just makes it awesome. Take a stab at their seafood! (Sushi is available too but it's too filling for me to have at a buffet). . Taste of Asia? Well, being Chinese/ Vietnamese myself, I'm not a big fan of the Asian cuisine within buffets. I only had the chance to try one thing. It was the ramen, it was good. Definitely not too ramen, folks. The noodles are cooked right before you and you're given a small but a filling bowl. Right after you get your bowl you're given directions to head to the condiments bar with onions, cilantro, jalepens, green onions, and various sauces to add. Raines was all I had but there was an open variety of Chinese Dim Sum dumplings, sushi, noodles, stir fry, and all the little things.. . Dessert? Who has room for dessert when it comes to buffets? I certainly don't but I had to indulge. There was everything from macaroons to souffle to gelato. It's every kids dream to walk around an island bar where there was desserts and pastries everywhere. I'll let you take that review on yourselves when you get there.
Absolutely delicious all the way around.  Normally when you go to a buffet there are maybe 2-3 items that are legitimately good.  The rest are just ok but you're happy because of the variety and unlimited volume.. . This place?  Man....there were at least 5 spectacular items and the rest were legitimately good.  Basically, the average dishes here were as good as the best dishes at place like Wynn and Bellagio.  If you compare them to the cheaper buffets in towns then EVERYTHING at Caesars is better than anything you get at those buffets.. . Lamb chops were ridiculously good.  That was probably the highlight.  The bread was the same stuff they serve at Caesar's best restaurant (Guy Savoy).  And a lot of the things were cooked fresh right in front of you.  . . There was even Ramen and Pho.  Just an insane buffet and highly recommended.  I hope they keep the quality up!
My goodness I have found seriously the BEST buffet in the world, EVER! When I heard about this new buffet, I was a little weary of holding it as high as it positioned itself to be. I have NOT been to the old buffet so I don't have it as a backdrop for comparison, but I have been to a few "best" Vegas buffets around. I sat down and ate my butt off the 4th day it opened so energy was high, lines were long, and food was as perfect as ever.. . I came aroundlunch time (12pm) and waited for about an hour until I reached the cash register. I can definitely say that it was worth the wait. The decor was very modern, simple, clean, and elegant. First, while our hostess was leading us to our table, she quickly introduced us to where the food stations were starting off with seafood, American, Mexican, Italian, Japanese, Chinese, and DESSERTS! . . There is seriously no SINGLE "best" dish... because ALL of them were DELICIOUS. High in quality and excellent in culinary skills. I tried to taste ALL that was out, but I failed... there's too much variety within my stomach space and time frame. Some highlights of mine were the lobster corn shower, salmon nigiri, PRIME RIB (wow, prime rib has never tasted so good in buffets - seriously a high class restaurant taste and quality), beef brisket, and their dim sum! (who would think that dim sum at a buffet ACTUALLY tastes authentic and delicious???) Also notable was a noodle station where you actually order upon request.... . The REAL treat here was the desserts. The desserts have its own separate station away from the food and also have a gelato and crepe station. The desserts were immaculate. Every bite of the macarons, mousse cakes, creme brulee, cheesecake, tiramisu... everything was just delicious. I find it extremely difficult just picking out one favorite. It's impossible!. . I don't know if it's because Bacchanal is a new buffet that it is absolutely perfect and delicious, or it just may have raised the standards for all the buffets out there. . . Words just can't describe the experience I had here with my taste buds. Forget the night life in Vegas, I'm coming back here just for this buffet!
One word amazing! Definitely worth 24.99... 9 food stations over 500+ dishes, super fresh sea food selection and the desert divine! OMG the fresh squeezed jucies wow best ever. Prime Rib melts in your mouth and the oyster tasted like they just shucked them straight from the ocean!. . Decor very tasteful & modern. . Service ~ Nancy was Awesome thank you!
Ah, another good 'ol Friday night in Vegas.  . . The clinging smell of cigarette smoke as you stroll through the crowd of patrons trying their luck.... . The incessant beeps and chimes of slots machines echoing near and far.... . And of course the lovely parade of scantily-clad ladies on their way to the clubs.. . Yes it was another glorious night in Sin City.  But amongst all the debaucheries I could've indulged in, I decided to partake in stuffing my face at Caesar's revamped ($17,000,000 that is) Bacchanal Buffet.. . HANDS DOWN THE BEST BUFFET ON THE STRIP!!  We all know that Vegas is central to providing some of the best of the best restaurants in the world.  There is a tremendous amount of expectation and high standards to land an eatery on the strip, and Bacchanal did not disappoint.. . The food was superb and deserves that distinction in every sense.  Normally you would think of a buffet as serving sub-par, dried-out food that has been sitting under the heat lamp for hours.  Not only that, they've been prodded and molested by the hands of god knows how many people.  But not this one. No no no.  This was the epitome of all buffets.  Everything was served amazingly fresh with the utmost quality.  And from over 500 choices to choose from, that's saying a lot.. . I swear Caesars hired a chef from every corner of the world because the variety of food to choose from was unreal.  From dim-sum tapas to freshly steamed crab legs, there was something for everybody.  Cheesy I know.  And speaking of cheese, there also was a cheese bar...and yes you can "wine" all you want.. . On top of the usual menu items like prime rib, soups, and salads, they also had various stations where you can request freshly-made entrees.  I confess I have a fetish for pork ramen, and when I came to find out they make it to order with the ingredients I choose, I actually came ;) figuratively that is. Ahem.. . The highlight of everything, in my opinion, has to be the dessert bar.  Let's face it, we've all eaten at a buffet to the point of throwing up and yet still find room for dessert.  Now look in the mirror and say it with me, "I'm a fatty".  There are your usual pastries and puddings, but what was really astounding was their very own gelato and crepes bar.  I particularly fell in love with their cheesecake lollipops, especially the cookies and cream one.  Think of a cheesecake on a stick, encrusted with smooth white chocolate, topped with crispy dippin-dots style Oreo cookie crumbles. Good lord.... . The buffet was also surprisingly clean.  I went on the 5th day since it opened so I guess that isn't really saying much, but the service counters (referencing to the aforementioned molestation by many hands) were spotless!  Not one spill mark or greasy tongs; there were waiters on stand-by to clean these up as soon as they occur.  I guess in Caesar's Palace, cleanliness IS next to godliness. . . Service was beyond anything I have ever experienced.  The staff was super friendly and extremely attentive; not one damn detail overlooked.  Drinks were refilled in a flash, requests were greeted with a smile and followed-through with great attention.  We had an amazing waiter, whose name I forgot as I was too busy being a glutton.  He even went to the extent of grabbing bottles of different sauces because we didn't know where to find them.  When he said "I'm gonna be taking good care of you", he wasn't messing around.  I can honestly say that this was the best service I have ever gotten at any restaurant.  I tried to catch a glimpse of his name tag to honorably mention him but the man was so dedicated to providing excellent service that he never stood still.  Bless you, good sir.  You were the Alfred to my Batman.. . Bacchanal is truly like no other buffet experience.  If you're on the strip and the borborygmus hits (hopefully only because of hunger), definitely check this place out.  This is THE buffet where you can truly dine like the gods.
I waited in line for 2 long hours.  Was it worth it?  HELL YEAH!  The buffet is ridiculous.  It has the same concept and feel as the wicked spoon @ the cosmo but the food is way better.  I recommend trying this place soon before it goes to shit.  They are just trying to hype it up.  The amount of food they have is insane.  But I'd rather have less selections and more variety.  It will be hard to try everything in the buffet unless u are fatter than me.  The best thing I ate that night was the tomohawk rib eye chop!  What barffet carries a rib chop? This one fatties.  It was delicious.  I went to carnevino the next night and this steak was way better and 1/3 the price.  Fock i am hungry
Best buffet in all las Vegas the crab legs gigantic prawns fresh made tortillas  on the Mexican station simple the best
Can you say fresh, innovative, gourmet  and authentic for a buffet? Yes you can at Bacchanal! . . Starting with the handmade corn cakes topped with posole, la crema and your choice of at least 10 different homemade salsas, some 20 bottles of specialty hot sauces, and a side of spicy cactus and jicama salad, for a minute I thought I was in a Mexican restaurant. That is until I hit the Asian section with delectable dim sum, stir-fries, poki and dragon roll sushi! Accept then I saw the fried chicken and sliders, carved rib eye, prime rib and sausages in the American section.To the point, each station was like a restaurant unto itself, spouting fresh and unique ingredients without sacrificing original flavor. The decor is modern and inviting, with glass canisters of veggies and spices lining the food stations and colorful glass dividers. I didn't even make it to the fresh seafood section with crab legs, oyster shooters, fresh mussels and shrimp, that I saw on the way out. Did I mention the dessert bar? Oh yes. A must visit experience updated and done right... don't miss it!
Being the first grand opening weekend, I was surprised by how many people knew about this place even though they didn't advertise as much. I only found out because one of the girls in our group read it somewhere from USA Today (Food section)! As we got there, the line was already rows and rows filled so we decided to suck it up and wait the 1.5-2hr wait. When we finally got in, we paid the hefty fee of (45$ each) and got seated. We quickly ordered our drinks and ran to the buffet lines to see this "extensive" menu. I couldn't believe my EYES to see SOOO much food available. I made my way towards the seafood area which had snow crab legs to shrimp cocktails and even oysters. After that, I wanted to get some surf & turf so I went to the red meat area which I got my brisket, sausages, prime rib, etc. I thought that would be the end until I saw another room around the corner that had Italian, Asian and even a noodle bar where the chef made fresh Japanese ramen (which is to DIE for and surprisingly very good for a buffet), pho, and udon. This new buffet is literally the land of gluttony and our table was no exception. This buffet did remind me a bit of the Wicked Spoon for their aesthetic designs of their dishes such as their fried chicken and waffle came in vintage baskets and pots. . . Even after consuming all these savory dishes, we had to try their dessert menu; There's ALWAYS room for dessert! The dessert menu however wasn't as extensive as I thought it would be but they had some delicious gelato selection. The one that stood out the most was their strawberry. It literally tasted like the strawberry gelato that I had in Florence, Italy! It was that comparable. They also had macarons, crepes, assorted candies (swedish fish), and tiny cake pops.. . My expectations for Vegas buffet are not that high for 1 main reason: Too much different food doesn't equate to good refined food because there's too many different options plus when you mass produce food, you skimp out on quality. But rest assured, this buffet offers QUALITY. I'm just hoping that the quality of the buffet wasn't at its best just because it was the opening weekend. I hope this quality is here to STAY!. . Another nice plus was that the President of Caesar's sat right behind our table making sure that the buffet was operational at good standards and even greeted our table and introduced himself and bought a round of drinks for us. NOW THAT'S SERVICE!
Hands down the best buffet I've ever been to. Food was terrific. Fresh and oh so good. Honestly, you'd have to go probably 3 times to truly sample all of the cuisines they have represented here. I've been once and didn't even try the Mexican or Italian (save for one meatball which was fantastic) and barely touched the deserts.. . It's the seafood and meat station that were the crowd faves, as the lines would show.  . Vegetarians, you might want to turn away for a minute...Crab legs, oysters on the half, big succulent shrimp, lamb chops, prime rib, gourmet sausages, brisket, chicken. Gastropub orgasms each and every one.. . The small plate idea is great, keeps it more intimate, unlike the food troughs of the old days. Speaking of plate, here's the one downside in my opinion: The dinner plates are tucked away in a cutout area below the serving stations....bad idea!! You have to reach between peoples legs to get a plate...or wait patiently while the line recedes enough to get one unobstructed, but you might be there for a while waiting. Just seems like a bad design.. It is new and yes it's busy. Expect to wait for entrance. . Other than that, muy benito! That's very good for my gringo friends. Cheers
Got there at 5 pm on a Friday night and the line moved very quickly.  Only waited 15 minutes not bad at all.  The food was FANTASTIC!  Not your ordinary mass prepared bland buffet food.  Everything we tried was great.  Been to quite a few buffets in Vegas and this was worth the money and the wait.  Your only problem will be where to start.
This is officially my favorite buffet in town. We went for a second time and everything that I disliked the first time was improved.. .  They took out the rubbery stone crab (and the need for crab crackers), the King Crab was not super salty anymore. In fact, it was so good and even better when it was steamed. . . I got to try other items this time such as the made to order taco station. Oh my... fresh hand made tortillas! They also had a ramen/pho station. I tried the pho and the broth was delicious! The dessert station is definitely the star of the show. Their made to order crepe station offers different fruit, toasted almonds, whipped cream, Nutella and more. The French macaroons were so good. They offer different flavors of gelato that I normally don't see in other buffets.. . Service was much faster this time around. I can't wait to come back and try their breakfast offering!
The things that are a must-try in no order is the ramen, lobster corn chowder, prime rib, crepe, souffle, lamb chops, peppered beef, and their fried dishes that come in a basket. The way they designed the buffet and their allocation of foods is perfect!. . The rest of the dishes are relatively similar to the other buffets in the strip casinos.
This is the best buffet I have ever been to in my life!. . Food: The number of choices is overwhelming, but my personal favorite was the Asian station with the fresh ramen noodle soup. It was remarkably close to Ippudo NY in terms of taste and quality. The variety of dim sum there was a nice authentic touch, and I was very delighted to eat them. The dessert kitchen was my second favorite with the made to order crepes and bananas foster dessert.. . Atmosphere: Trendy and upscale decor. I loved the furnishings. The tables are also spaced nicely apart so that you can carry on a conversation.. . Service: The hostesses, kitchen chefs, and cashiers were very nice, but the servers who cleared the tables were terrible. I asked two different servers to refill our water, and they did not. After 10 minutes, I then resorted to getting out of my seat, walking up to a server, and directly asking for water. I also watched a server drop his dishes although he was only carrying three at most. Two servers in my area were also remarkably slow in cleaning up the tables and picking up the empty dishes from the tables. For a $34.99pp buffet (on weekdays), I expect them to pick up my empty dishes more quickly. I noticed the servers in my dining area (close to the cashiers) spent more time chatting up the patrons than actually serving.. . Bottom line: If I ever visit Las Vegas again, dining at this buffet is a must! I love buffets, and there is nothing like this one. I dream of eating here again. :)
5 stars for a buffet, It better be out of this world!  It has to revolutionize buffets as we know it.  Short of serving Unicorn and Dragon meat, Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace delivers.  WOW and do they deliver.  I am going to give you an idea of what they were serving this Saturday night I went and do a little review on the food.. . As you enter, you see the "modern", fresh clean look of the restaurant.  They have different stations and they actually cook your food, made to order at each station!  The line starts with the seafood.   They have someone that offers to steam your snow crab legs or you can get it off the rack cold.  They have 4 people in the back schucking Oysters and the had a Monster pile of large shrimp.  Curve around the corner you they have small plates of food ready to go (a la Wicked spoon).  Clam bake, Seafood Piaia, boiled shrimp w/head on, Lobster chowder..etc.. . The next station is the bar b que station.  They were cutting brisket and cowboy bone in steaks.  Chicken and fries, Mac and cheese..etc.. . We then have an Artisan bread station (which I did not try) and goes to the Mexican Food station.  Fresh made tortillas to order, with Al Pastor cut from the rack!  Amazing Salsa bar.. . Then it curves around to the italian station with Pizza, pasta, Lasagna, meatballs etc...  Continues to a Cheese and meat station (yes they have a designated section entirely of meat and cheeses.). . Continuing down the line to the Salad Station and then the made to order Noodle bar!  They Noodle bar makes Ramen, Wonton noodles, and Pho.  . . Now to the Asian Section.  they had Amazing Duck (large Large pieces), Char Sui, Moves to Sushi then to Japanese Curry station with Chinese Porridge.. . If that was not enough, it moves to the Dim sum section (Har Gow, Shui Mai, Sho Long Bai, Lotus wrapped rice, Char Shui Bao etc..)  Then finally to the Asian noodle section (Pad Thai, Fried noodles..etc.). . I did not event mention the dessert section which features a Crepe (made to order) section, Candy bar (yes like at weddings), Banana's Foster, Gelato and Amazing Maccaroons (that rival Payard's across the way).. . Phew, that was just from the amazing memory of seeing everything, but to give you a review of the food:. . Noodle Bar:  Worth the trip alone!  I went back twice for the Ramen Noodles.  They serve it in their special Tonkotsu broth.  AMAZING. You would think you were at a Ramen house.  Not too salty, but savory with a hint of pork fat.  I added a piece of duck in it to give it a bit more emphasis.  I went back twice to get it !. . Mexican Taco's:  Had the Al Pastor.  It was very flavorful and the tortilla really makes this taco great.  Like any great taco place, they made the tortilla fresh and put the Al Pastor on it.  I would suggest getting the taco and moving to the salsa bar and put your own toppings.  . . Seafood Bar:  I had the cooked snow crab legs and they were sweet and on point.  I liked it better than the cold version.  The fresh Oysters were great also!  I am weary about raw items at a Buffet, but the quality was great and it had a great sweet, smooth taste with only hint of the ocean on the backside.  Perfect!  The Lobster chowder was smokey (from the bacon) and smooth.  Very good.. . Meat Cutting station:  The lamb chops were the best ever.  I used to think the Wynn buffet Lamb Chops were great, but these were twice as big, medium rare and just a little gamey.  They are a must.  I did not try anything else, but the Brisket and the Cowboy steak looked perfectly cooked.. . The Dim sum was good not great.  Har gow skin was thick and the Shui Mai was ok.  Sho long bai was a bit dry, but we are not going to get HK dim sum at any buffett.. . I made a plate of Duck and Char Shui rice (like at Sam woo)  The Duck was as good as any Chinese Restaurant with large chunks, a lot of meat.  Sweet and great skin, I found this to be one of the best part of the meal, since i also put it in the noodles.. . I had the Nutella/Banana Crepe and it was wonderful, but the Macaroons were the star of the buffet.  I had to ask if they were from Payards, and they told me were not, but the place that brings it in always gets mistaken for the Payards Macaroons.  They sweet, crispy with just a hint of the "jam" layer.  Not over powering, just right.. . I used to think the Sterling Brunch was the best Buffet.  Although it still is one of the best I found the fresh food stations, made to order, put Bacchanal over the top.  Next to the lobster tails w/Caviar at Sterling Brunch, Bacchanal is the new sherriff in town and I highly recommend to everyone!
I am not a buffet type of person. Because I don't have big appetite, so I prefer good quality food over quantity. I gave Bacchanal a try because I heard it's the latest and greatest buffet in town. You can just tell by the decor. The buffet entrance looks like a fresh seafood market. It got my attention right away. I love the warm and fuzzy atmosphere which reminds me of the eat every possible delish dish til you enter food coma holiday family dinner celebration.. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=yWgf1bzx39k05ffOYKUT4Q#tV6gVls4xOZ_g_JtJ8M_ww. . I really enjoyed the colorful plating of small bite size portion (first seen in Wynn's Gerber size glass salad then full blown adapted by Cosmo on almost every dish there). I am not gonna go through the Bacchanal laundry list. I am just gonna hit all highlights of my meal. . . - Ginseng chicken soup: . I was shock how authentic it was! Chef was very generous with Ginseng. It was great. I took a picture of it to show the bowlful of ingredients they cram into that little bowl of soup. To quote and agree 100% with the funny executive chef greeted us at the table, "authenticity is the name of the game (at Bacchanal), we do not have any Gwailo flavor here.". . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=yWgf1bzx39k05ffOYKUT4Q#FEoVci-bHcanQrJojxiLEg. . - Sugar glazed lamb chop with mint sauce:. It was perfectly cooked. Meat was juicy and tender bursting with flavors. This could match the lamb chop served at fine dining restaurant on strip (for a $38 dinner entree). . = . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=yWgf1bzx39k05ffOYKUT4Q#4-SmIjo7SYh8MnOiWOPi0Q. . - Clam Bucket:. Clams were prepared with sweet corn, sausage and orange (bursting with layers of  flavors; I wish I have other words to describe it... lol). Sweet corn was soaked with juice from sausage, clam and orange. It was very delish.. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=yWgf1bzx39k05ffOYKUT4Q#pzxsY_R4qti1boUaPgMo9A. . - Stone crab claws:. This is well worth it of this meal! You get to choose how you like to mix in your plate (mussels/snow crab legs/stone crab claws), and the chefs at the seafood station will boil it for you in flavorful broth with minced garlic and herbs (super personalized, attention to details, well worth the wait in the line ~5 to 10 min).. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=yWgf1bzx39k05ffOYKUT4Q#LleLz1tP_YUQ9Bqq58d8fg. . - Crepe:. All crepes were made-to-order and whipped cream on top was killer for a girl trying to stay in shape.. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=yWgf1bzx39k05ffOYKUT4Q#tP9B9-92At6gqz5KGwFojg. . This place is truly the best buffet on food quality and deal-wise (under $40 per person). The savory dishes are just top notch and representing the best game in town. However, the showing at dessert section is lackluster, except the made-to-order crepes and possibly the gelato (saw some unique flavors there but ran out of room in my already bloated stomach). I have to deduct 0.5 stars from the weak dessert showing because I LOVE desserts. . . I really hope Bacchanal will keep up its great quality of food and service (up their desert game). It is hard to maintain the consistency (that's how restaurant business is). Because I can't wait to bring all friends and family with me next time and enjoy the food.
as of right now.. it's the best buffet in vegas. they have charcuterie!
The decor was beautiful.  We were seated in the back corner but I love how it doesn't feel like you're in a buffet room.  The decor was modern and everything was just beautiful.  I heard great things about this buffet. I was planning on going to wicked spoon from rave reviews from my friends.  But were wowed from this place.  What makes this place apart from other buffet is that quality and variety.  We went for Sat brunch at 43$ with unlimited champagne or mimosa.  We were greeted and the host gave us a tour of what was available on all stations.  This is a first for me at buffet. Usually they just seat you and that's it.  Over 500+ ...how can one person try everything. Of course, I have to plan to return.  We tried to get little bites of everything. All super fresh and most stations have ready to made order.   I expected a bit more variety for desserts though.  I love how they have unique gelato flavors.  I had the fig and balsamic and it was delicious!! Then my friends found macaroons. OMG..the flavors were amazing!  And they have ramen or pho! Wow...every station has amazed me.  I dont know how other hotel buffet can top this..Bravo Caesars!!
They have everything!  Our favorite was the desert bar, fresh crepes, creme brulee and a killer carrot cake!  Yummeeeeee!!!
A stellar buffet experience from start to finish. Remember to sign up for Total Rewards to get a slight discount on your meal. Dined during the weekend brunch ($39.99 non TR members, $36.99 TR members). Brunch comes with unlimited mimosas and champagne. . . The buffet is very large, but well laid out. It is roughly divided into seafood, american/meats, mexican, italian, asian, and desserts. One of the many highlights of our gastronomic adventure was the fresh juice that they have available (I sampled the watermellon, orange juice, and peach juice). Also worth mentioning was the prime rib and brisket. Highly recommend getting the brisket with Jack Daniels BBQ sauce. The dessert station featured ice cream, made to order crepes, amongst other pastries. Overall, would highly recommend. Bacchanal has surpassed Wynn and Wicked Spoon over at Cosmo to be the best buffet on the strip IMHO.
I came here twice in 2 days and LOVED both times!  They have TONS of FRESH options, and the dessert table is amazing!. . The first time we came was for breakfast, but we stayed through lunch.  Then I came back for Sunday brunch.. . Here's what I remember they served:. - Seafood (oysters, mussels).. - Mini red velvet (and regular) pancakes.. - Waffles.. - Made to order omelette's.. - Eggs Benedict.. - Salads.. - Pizzas.. - Bread & cheese station.. - Chinese station: sumai and other dim sum options included (YUM!).  and they had DUCK - MY FAVE!  . - Dessert table: macarons, cake, cookies, gelato, and MORE!  I wish I started here first, ugh.  Oh and they had made to order dessert crepes during Sunday brunch.. . * This is all I can remember, but they have WAY more than this!. . Some portions are small (like the red velvet pancakes), and others served just right (not too much and not too little - like pizza, duck, and other stuff).  I loved the cute plates that the smaller portions came in!. . We got the best service from Aurelio. He always checked in on us to refill our drinks and clean our table.  . . What I loved most about this place is the food is FRESH.  I kept refilling my plate with duck, and each time it was warm.  Avoid the wait by going early!  . . Their $17 million renovation was SO WORTH it because the buffet here before was nothing compared to this.  They did a complete 180!
Bacchanal: a drunken and riotous celebration; a participant in such a celebration; reveller.. . Caesar's Palace lived up to my expectations with this buffet.  Despite the 45 minute wait in line at 5pm for dinner and the $86 (w/ tax) bill to eat there ($100 with tip), it was worth the wait and the price.  The line wasn't bad at all considering how new and popular this place is right now.  Just standing in line was exciting because you can see the seafood section right at the entrance.  . . As they walk you in, the hostess tells you about the buffet, pointing out the sections and letting you know as you pass the American counter that "it's not over yet".  Around the corner from the main entrance is even more food stations--Asia, Italy, and a hint of Europe thrown in.  . . After being seated and greeted by Miguel, we headed to the back corner of the buffet--Asia.  I tried my very first soup dumpling, which was tender and explodes in your mouth.  I could eat fifty of those.  The sushi counter is great because it is the ONLY sushi bar in Vegas I know of that utilizes ebi furai in the roll instead of regular tempura--just the way I like it (that's how they did it up in Japan when we went and back on Guam as I was growing up, so I love ebi furai in sushi).  No cream cheese anything, THANK GOD.   I also grabbed snow crab legs and they flash boiled it for me.  Yummy.. . There's a pho and ramen station, charcuterie, Italian, Mexican, American, soups, seafood...the list goes on and on.  What sets this place apart is definitely the quality.  The aged tomohawk ribeyes are delish, the fried chicken in a basket is fun and tasty, and their dessert station with four crepe outlets, cookies ala mode, and heavenly cheesecake pop bites with gelato is amazing.. . This is now my #1 place to eat buffet in Vegas.  Screw the 2 for 1's at the station casinos.  I'll pay the high price for quality and quantity.  You think you can't do it all, but if you sit in there for 2 hours like I did with my hubby, you can.
One morning while laying in bed with my lovely fiancee, my tummy were making some weird noises. I look at it and says " what the hell you want now?" It says, "bro, you remember those commercial posters in the lift at cesar that you always seen on the way home from work?", "oh you mean the bacchanal poster?", "yeah, lets go check it out!". . So I wake my fiancee up and tell her, boy do I have a surprise for you. Half and hour later we are ready and on our way. Arrived at 10.50 am, walk right through the line, no waits, two please and sit our asses down. I dont know what I am expecting right now.. . The server arrived to take our drink orders and off we went to the wonderland of buffet. We try the M buffet and M Resort and Casino who supposedly the best in Las Vegas, oh well, they bumped off to number 2 now. I am so glad that the best bufftet in Las Vegas belong to Cesars the center of Las Vegas Strip. . . Dim Sum, Sushi, Crepe Station, Fully squeezed fresh juices, mexican stand, omelet station, on and on it goes. Absolutely wonderful place. Attentive service and an absolute place to take your friends and relative when they are in town. . . I can honestly says that this buffet just messed up a lot of other restaurant in cesar palace. You should see the line when we are done with our lunch. Phew, glad I dont have to wait in that line.
The Wonderful:.  Lamb chops were errmageerrrd fantastic! They were cooked to glorious medium-rare perfection and seasoned conservatively so that you really taste the flavor of the fresh meat and the crisped outer portion of fat. The lamb wasn't gamey in the least. . . Dim Sum: The shu mai and har gao were fresh, tender and moist. I can't say that I've had better dim sum anywhere it was that good! The pockets of steamed yumminess practically melted in my mouth they were that tender. . . The raw oysters were incredibly fresh! The meat had a slightly sweet flavor with pleasantly mild brininess. My only quasi-complaint would be that these are located directly next to the crab legs which meant I had to wait in line to get to them. The cold crab legs took some patience to get to since nearly everyone in line was asking for them to be heated up. (Kudos to the chefs and serving staff for complying with every request asked of them!). . The banana souffle was heavenly! It was served warm and had such simple unpretentious flavor. It wasn't overwhelming because the delicate foamy texture seemed to dissipate the sweetness so that it wasn't concentrated into one bite. . . . The Good:. The sushi was fresh and nothing like any buffet sushi I've ever had. The hand rolls were a nice touch too! I would have liked to have a little more variety in the rolls since it seemed everything had spicy tuna on or in it. . . The ramen noodles weren't what I was expecting after reading some of the other reviews, but I think the other bolder flavored items might have skewed my judgment. I mean they weren't bad but not really a standout to me on this buffet of 500 items.. . The sweet potato fries were tasty. They accompanied a piece of fried chicken that my hubby got, but he doesn't like sweet potatoes so I ended up with them. They were crispy and possibly doused in some sort of maple glaze that created a very nice savory sweet contrast.. . The crab croquettes were surprisingly light. The crab concoction inside them was a delicate blend of fresh crab, bell pepper, onion and seasonings. It reminded me of the very delicate crab cake that I used to get from Commanders Palace. . . The prime rib was seasoned nicely and I really appreciate the fact that it wasn't overcooked. . . . The Rest:. The blackberry pana cotta and the shrimp with grits fall under my "victims of a buffet" items. The shrimp with grits had decent flavor but I couldn't get past the hardened dry layer of grits on the top. The blackberry panna cotta had congealed to an undesirable firmness, maybe from the time it stood sitting on the dessert bar. . . The ceviche was too sour and acidic for my taste. It didn't help that I evidently picked up the only cup that lacked a slice of avocado on the top of it. . . . Overall this buffet is well worth the money and I will definitely bring my next out of towners here. Finally, there's a buffet on the strip I can recommend to anyone!
beautifullll buffet. quality seafood, $$$.. . FEA$TED LIKE A BO$$.. . fyi...their desserts are out of this world. They have everythinggg! create your own crepe, macaroons, unique gelato flavors....i can talk my head off about this place but looking at how long all the other reviews are, i wil stop here.
Why this by far is the best buffet in Vegas; 1) 2 types of steamed to order crab legs, 2) authentic dim sum, 3) made to order noodles-ramen, wonton, pho, 3) freshly sliced charcuterie, 4) selection of hot foods, 5) but most of all the desserts-made to order crepes, hot from the oven souffles, gelato bar, variety of macaroons, hot chocolate cookie a la mode,etc!  If you're going to wait in line for an hour for a buffet then this is the one worthy of the time.
Wow this place is unreal its like you died and ended up . In buffet heaven. Every food station blew me away. The dessert station is the best station of any. Station of any buffet I've ever had. Its orgasmic . I don't think I could ever go back to any. Cheap buffet again. At this moment I think it's the best. buffet in Las Vegas and that's saying something. I look forward to monthly visits.
I love this buffet; the husband and I went twice just to cover the amount of food they serve. It's simply astronomical in terms of variety, quantity, and freshness.. . We went for a Thursday morning-lunch meal, and also for Friday dinner. Make sure you walk around and strategize on what you are going to consume, because you will miss things if you don't, and end up going back again... or end up going back again because you love it.. . Steak and eggs? Sure. Fresh smoked slab bacon, brisket, and ribs? Of course. Italian pasta dishes? Why not? Dim sum, sushi, sashimi salads? Bring it on. Stir fry, Mediterranean spreads, bread selection, sliders, sides, fried chicken, tamales, carne asada? king crab legs on dinner Fridays? YES PLEASE.. . So there's no hours posted anywhere online on when they switch from breakfast to lunch and then dinner, so here they are:. . Weekdays. 11:00am lunch starts. 3:00pm dinner starts. . There's a humongous line you can beat if you go at odd hours... people have reported 1.5 hour wait times, we got in waiting a measly 40 minutes when we got there at 2:20pm, and about 20-25 mins when we got there at 10:40am.. . Beats any other buffet on the strip, hands down.. . I forgot the peking duck. And the lamb chops. Oh and the rib eye. And the pizza. Oh and the salad bar. Dessert too!!! cheesecake, brownie, and mousse lollipops, artfully crafted wedges of pecan and apple pie, cheesecake, choc chip cookies still hot in their own ramekins, chocolate creme brulee, and fresh crepes... cupcakes, chocolate covered strawberries, gelato section, AHH!!
My new favorite buffet! I'm so glad I got lazy to drive to the M Buffet and was willing to wait an hour for the Bacchanal Buffet. First off, it's $37.99 for Total Rewards members so make sure to show them your card! It's newly renovated and the place looks amazing, but the food is the more important thing. Their king crab legs were fresh and can be steamed if you prefer. The oysters were actually sweet and clean. The prime rib was tender but I felt the au jus lacked real flavor. There's a noodle soup station with pretty decent bowls of pho!  There was also ramen and wonton noodles, but I didn't have enough stomach space to try them all. Sushi was fresh but there wasn't a large selection to choose from. Chicken herbal soup loaded with actual chicken and herbs! The halibut was juicy. The seafood paella was moist. Oh, they even have the mexican corn with the mayo, parmesan, and chili powder! Also, the tamales were great. The best part was the dessert section and I don't usually leave room for desserts. They have crepes made-to-order and ice cream a la modes. There were a lot more that I tried and some I didn't get to try, but there was nothing I disliked. In my opinion, they have restaurant quality food and a great selection at that. This is like a dream buffet! Worth the $$ and the wait - DONT MISS OUT!
Got here about 2pm on Monday for lunch, very short line. Lots of good food,everything I had was delicious. Brisket with bbq mango sauce had a good smoke flavor. The lobster chowder also very good. French onion soup was tasty but unfortunately it wasn't hot, luke warm at best. Hot wings were nice and spicy. Desserts all good!. If we took our time we could've gotten some crab legs, they put it out for dinner around 3 o'clock. . . Service was good.
MAN BEWARE for dinner it was a 2 hour wait to get in!!!!!!!!!!!!!. obviously cause its new, i was fine to wait as i was stuffed from a late lunch. we lined up at 5 pm got seated a little after 7pm. i think it was like 40 a person? forgot. . . first off server attention needs improvement!! not enough servers i guess. we only got our plates cleared once and drinks refilled once and we didnt see a server for like an hour!! we had to play jenga with the plates!!!!!!!!!!!. . but that didnt stop me from enjoying the food! seriously this is the best buffet in vegas right now. i ate almost everything except for the salad bar, mexican stuff.. . asian section. sushi/spicy tuna/sashimi was soft, tasty n fresh. bowl of ramen chewy noodles with tasty broth add you own toppings.. the couple of dim sum items the shrimp n pork dumplings was prob better than a chinese restaurant . crispy fried fish was good. ginseng soup was authentic better than my moms =X. . seafood. oyster shooters was yum. now the crab legs man!!! i could eat these all night it really filled me up, they would offer to put em in boiling water to heat em up for you if you like, add in drawn butter = heaven!!. clam bake wasnt bad. couldnt get my hands on any oysters it kept disappearing when i went. . meat. prime rib was juicy and wasn't tough. i really really like the lamb chops man!! sweet, savory, juicy, tender.... wouldnt expect this at a buffet. . pastas. vodka penne? i think it was was tasty. calamari was crispy n seasoned well. didnt like the lasagna . bread selection was great like the butter garlic rolls. . dessert. my favorite part!. fresh hand dipped chocolate strawberries. hot made to order crepes very soft n tasty. really loved the hot choco chip cookie dish. creme brulee was ok wasnt what i expected kinda too soft not as creamy. gelatos was pretty standard had choice of dipped cones . i think i liked every dessert except the cupcakes which i thought was kinda bland. oh and theres candy too =P. . bacchanal can only improve through time or gradually suck as time passes we will see as this is still new...  hopefully after a while it wont be too long of a wait and services improves.. will be back! the food was soooo good FRESH! compared to other buffets despite the negatives its a 5 star! it dont get better than this!!
Wynn, Bellagio, Wicked Spoon....move over aside. Bacchanal Buffet is the new GOLD STANDARD for buffets.. This place is so good that you wish you could die several times during your meal and come back each time hungrier than the last. IT'S THAT GREAT.. Friends & I waited 90 minutes on a Friday Night for this amazing experience. The cocktail waitresses come by every 5-10 minutes offering free bottles of water to any of the patrons waiting in line (GOOD JOB CAESARS). . After paying $37.99 plux tax ($2 discount with Total Rewards card), we waited anotherfive minutes to be seated. It was then, when my food coma started.. . There are SO MANY STATIONS in this buffet, just remember there's a back room too with Italian, Chinese, Japanese,  Mexican cuisine.. . American Classics:. Cheeseburger sliders, Mac & Cheese, waffle fries, fried chicken, fried oysters, sweet potato fries, scalloped potatoes with cheese and other things. All of it is amazing, especially the scalloped potatoes and cheese burger sliders. . . Japanese:. omg, actual Japanese chefs making your sushi. I am not kidding, this is impressive. Most california chinese/japanese buffets don't even have japanese people making your sushi.. They make hand rolls, California rolls, tempura rolls, sashimi fish and other things.. They don't present all the sushi out at once. They rotate after each order. They will present an order of California rolls and tempura rolls afterwards and etc. Just keep your eye out if you don't see what you like, make sure you come back in 10 minutes..  . Carving Station:. Prime Rib, Lamb, Roast duck, grilled chicken and the usual. wow, so good. Definitely try the Lamb as it's cooked perfectly. The Prime rib was a little too rare for my taste, hopefully it was just a mistake? They come with Au Jus sauce and some other southern BBQ sauce.. . Chinese/Vietnamese:. seriously, Shanghai soup filled dumplings??? I LOVE IT. they taste amazing ( I wonder if they make it by hand...probably not). Theres your usual suspects in your dim sum lineup and fried rice, noodles and stuff. They also got Pho, which isn't very good. Caesars should just take that out of the rotation.. . Italian:. Meatballs, pesto Ravioli, Spaghetti with marinara sauce, I don't know how it tasted, as I never got a chance to try it. I was too full :(. . Seafood:. OMG, the life and soul of Bacchanal!!! They have crab legs on ice for you along with shrimp, oysters and these varying seafood mixes in shot glasses? My favorite part of this station is that they will steam your fresh crab legs for 30 seconds and give it to you on a clean white plate. They are cracked in half already and there's so much meat in them!!! They definite'y don't skimp on portion size too, as I got 5 crab legs. Be sure to grab the garnishing and butter for the legs.. . Desert Station:. Words can't simply describe the layout of this desert station. fresh chocolate dipped fruit, delicious ice cream/gelato, fresh-made crepes, cake squares on sticks, gourmet cookies and whatever you can imagine. everything is presented elegantly and is delicious.. . Service here is spot on. They clean your plates on a timely manner and refill your drinks quickly. I only hope Bacchanal can keep up it's gold standard for as long it can, as we all know how the restaurant industry can take a nose dive the moment it opens. . . Bacchanal, I shall see you soon :)
Buffets are all the same, right?  Well not this one.  It's concept is similar to that other one that serves everything in individual plates and bowls, but this one doesn't go that far.  Only certain items are individual servings.. . First, standing in the line, we're it and it's 6:55 am, no one is here but us, we are eying the crab legs, piled high, and right next too it a huge pile of shrimp.  Our mouth's are watering before we even get a chance to taste anything.. . We're given a brief walk through, then taken to our table.  I take advantage of the complimentary mimosa and we're up and loading our plates with the most wonderful delights.  Each station, the staff are friendly and acknowledge us when we approach.  The displays are both full of color, smell and arranged to attract.. . I made so many trips back and forth, I must have worked off most of the calories, right?  This is one of the best buffets in town. Worth the extra bucks and definitely worth a revisit.
Wow.... I didn't think any buffet could beat Wicked Spoon or the Buffet at the Wynn but I think Caesars has done it with the Bacchanal Buffet. After waiting in line for an hour and some change we finally got in at around 5:30. I started off with some seafood. The shrimp were fresh and delicious...and bigger than any I've ever had in a buffet. The crab was lightly sweet and fresh.....but be sure to get them heated.! (They were very cold). The lamb was one of the best things I had that night and were RESTAURANT QUALITY. (Well pretty much everything was restaurant quality). It was tender, juicy, and "ungamey". Be sure to get the mint sauce with the lamb. That dang duck.! Ahhh yes, the pecking duck was delicious. I was a bit apprehensive about trying it because I had never had duck before, but now I am a believer.!! It is slightly more gamey than chicken but these chefs know how to cook it right. I had a myriad of other dishes, but for the sake of keeping this review short, Ill just say they were all fantastic. Wait.!.. I just lied. The only thing I didn't like too much was the Ginseng Chicken Soup. It was too strong and awkward for my palate. But hey..that's a minor detail. Lawd Jesus....the DESSERTS. You must save room for the desserts.! Souffles, macaroons, moist cakes, warm cookies, gelato, made-to-order crepes.! They were all delicious. The souffle had an airy creaminess that had me in sweet bliss, literally. This is hand down the new best buffet in Vegas.! GO...NOW.!
Need I say more? By far the BEST buffet I've been to and as a local if Vegas I must say I've had my share of buffets. Definitely exceeded my expectations!
IT was good. It was all goooooid. I'm not a crazy buffet person. I usually think most buffet lovers are over weight and I fear beciming one of them. So I tend to shun buffets. HOWEVER, THIS WAS LEGIT AND A ONCE IN A LIFETIME THING. . I attempted to have a strategy so I could try as many of each station but I didn't try most of the meat because I was over red meat and chicken, having eaten my fill of it the days prior to my visit. . I started with the sushi. It wastasty and tasted fresh. The wasabi was as hot as I like it. I tried a fried dumpling and it was tasty. I also tried the green beans- I love green beans!!! They were all buttery and slightly firm and delish. The mac n cheese was also very good. The cool thing about most things at this buffet is that they were served in large but relatively moderate portions. This probably allows for better quality control. Alos the ways they present the food were cool and small enough to give you a decent taste but not gorge on that particular thing. Good idea.. I tried the shrimp and grits and I swear they did the damn thing on that. The muscles in wine sauce were divine. The oysters- which I never eat were so good. My girlfriend was eating with me and I swear she had an orgasmo de la boca when she tried hers. she and I had the crab which was sweet and full of meat. . Desert was awesome and I tried some thing with a vial of raspberry and a little sponge cake. I enjoyed the macrons.. Ruth was a great server and she allowed us to sit and eat leisurely. Not rushing us to get up and make room for the others coming in. It was definitely a meal to remember. . . The blackened chicken soup was ths only thing that wasn't good.
Although the wait is long, you can buy a $15 line pass!!!! This place is amazing!!! Even if you chose to wait, guaranteed it's worth it. The decor is B-E-A-U-tiful!!! There are so many options, so make sure you save room to try everything. The food is also NOT buffet quality!! The presentation and taste is something you would find in a 5-star restaurant. I've lived in Vegas my entire life and been to every buffet, but this tops them all. All the employees give amazing service and treat each and every person like a VIP. I love it here and plan on coming back all the time!!!!
Loved this buffet! As a local I visit many of the buffets in town, and this will definitely be a frequently visited place for me! The price is good for what they offer, it felt clean and the food was fresh... I didn't feel like I was eating food that had been sitting under a heat lamp... I would definitely recommend my family and friends to this buffet and will entertain out of state relatives here as well!! Three thumbs up and a 5 star from me :)
Wow!! This buffet doesn't end! Every time I thought I was at the end I was pleasantly surprised by another turn! We had brunch on Sunday morning and I was very pleased with the assortment and variety of items to choose from. I loved the individual dishes and the cast iron skillets perfect size for tasting everything, so cool!! Presentation of the freshly squeezed juices were very fun. The staff was very attentive, much better than the usual buffet experience in town. Overall it was great way to spend the morning and we left very very full!!
Bacchanal Buffet is like Disney World, and much like Disney World they should sell passes that are good for more that one day. I believe it would be impossible to try everything that your heart desires in one (or maybe even two) visits to this buffet. . Buffet doesn't even seem like the right word to use to describe the smorgasbord  of perfectly crafted dishes.. The food is of fantastic quality and it seems as if everything is prepared with care. There wasn't a single item I chose that I didn't like. The salmon was perfectly cooked, the sushi was fresh and delightful the clam chowder and buttered dinner roll, amazing. We also had a basket of calamari, grilled asparagus, salmon croquets, delicious cheese board, fresh chips and salsa and the JUICES! fresh squeezed watermelon, orange, cucumber and carrot juice. I would go back for the juices alone. . And as for the dessert bar, I don't even know what to say. The macarons, gelato ( blood orange and balsamic fig, heavenly) the key lime tart was delicious and I didn't even get to try half of the items I wanted before I was full to the brim. I also liked that I felt as if I was able to stick more closely to the healthier food that I eat on a daily basis even though I use a trip to the buffet as a "cheat meal".. I will definitely be returning to try out the Mediterranean and American sections. I would also like to check out breakfast as I'm sure that would be incredible as well.
The best buffet in town PERIOD!!! The staff was very courteous. Amazing selection from wide ranging cuisines. Tomahawk ribeye was perfectly cooked, superb lamb and tasteful brisket. Wish I had a bigger appetite, there so many selections there is no way you could try them all, guess I have to come back.  I have eaten at all the buffets in Vegas (local), you can't beat the price for the QUALITY!. They definitely have the best dessert bar!  Bacchanal is a step above Cosmo and Wynn which were my faves before I tried here.
This buffet is so good. Everything I tried was amazing. The crepes and smoked salmon were my favorites. We went for breakfast and it was only $19.99.
People need to be realistic.  This is a buffet that serves 1000's at a time.  If they're expecting the beef to taste like the beef at Capital Grille or the fish to taste like the fish @ Michael Mina, than they're unrealistic idiots.. . That said, this is the most extraordinary, creative, and quite simply overwhelming buffet Las Vegas has ever built.  The choices are immense.  For example, the mex station has homemade tortilla chips......with 15 salsas to choose from. 10 types of cookies.  15 gelato flavors.  8 italian premium cold cuts.  etc etc. . . The airy design and space is great as is the furniture.  If you want to know what a buffet restaurant can look like when $17 million is spent, this is it.. . The prices are totally reasonable.  Whatever you pay, the quality is above average, and you will be full for 12 hours and soft drink included.  People give up $100 bills left and right playing roulette, than bitch about paying $25 for lunch.. . Hats off to Gary Selesner for making this happen on such a grand scope.
Great food, great atmosphere. Friendly staff!
Bacchanal Best Buffet!! Best customer service not just by server but the Chefs very friendly and knowledgeable. Outstanding choices of every types of food from American to Chinese and Mexican. But wait the Seafood selection was awesome. Fresh chuck oysters, crab, clams, and shrimp. Price for the Buffet is reasonable. This is a must eat Buffet for everyone to try. If you Love Dessert this Buffet tops all. 15 types of Gelato and Ice Creams.
Had lunch today with my wife and daughter. I loved the large selection of food, over 500 items on the menu was amazing. The price was very reasonable.. . The loved the large amount of smoked meats on the carving station. . . My wife espcially loved the seafood section and the fresh amounts of shrimp and crab. . . Mu daughter being the sushi fanatic was amazed with all the fresh offerings.. . To top it off we had the best experience at the dessert station. My personal favorite was the fresh crepe station. . . I would recommend this place to anyone, will definately be returning.
I hate buffets, or so I thought! Instead of waiting in line I paid for the line pass and only waited a fraction of the time others did in the general line. Which I think is a great idea; up to you if you'd rather be doing something else besides waiting in line...like getting down with some atypical food offerings!!! Freshly shucked oysters, authentic Latin, Chinese and Japanese cuisine. Carving station was awesome- BBQ chicken, ribs, brisket, prime rib, lamb chops. . A definite home run!
so I ahd the please to go to the sunday brunch for my aniversy with my wife and son. and damn was i amazed the placed was packed but the line out side was moved very quickly. we were seated at a nice real hard wood rable tha t but have been cut out of a tree 10 feet across the decoore was very modern and the mudic was a good m in style mix i enjoyed . there was so much to choose from.. they had so many stations of food being prepaired riight befoere your eyes. pizza, oysters, smoked meats, fresh tortillas, suflee !!, about 2o types of cookies, fresh squeese juice, the best Oj and cucumber juice I ever had. All the staff was niceand well trained in their job a chef named courney helped me get some of the candies out of the jars the have around the desert station.  they had some candies from my child hood. wow i would have never expected to see that..she was very helpfull and nice. I thing i will try to come back for dinner soon!!!
Did you ever wonder what food heaven is like?  Come to Bacchanal!. . I'm not sure if words can describe how good this buffet is, but all I gotta say it is the best buffet in Vegas. Or in the U.S....or even in the world!. . I started down the buffet line with the seafood:. . Crab: Long legs filled with sweet meat. Yum!  Don't like it chilled? Have them warm it up for you.. Oysters: Fresh and sweet.  I ate a whole dozen!. Crab croquettes:  Little crab crakes filled a whole buncha crab meat!. Lobster chowder with corn:  Rich and sweet and you can actually see the lobster!. KC ribs, sausage:  Meat lovers paradise.  . Taco station:  I had "Ariel" make me 2 al pastor tacos.  OMG, to me, this was probably the best thing at the buffet.  The meat was juicy and crusted on the outside.  I'm drooling as I right this.. Italian:  Thin crust pizza topped with yummy meat and goooey cheese.  what's there not to love!. Tonkatsu Ramen:  The ramen noodles were al dente and in a sweet and savory broth.  I had two bowls!. Sushi: Didn't touch much of it kuz I didn't want to fill up on the rolls, but there was a big selection.. Asian: The dim sum was better than most authentic dim sum restaurants I've been to!. . It was hard...but I made sure I saved room for dessert.  All I gotta say is, have the crepes!  And make it a la mode with interesting gelato flavors.  The best was strawberry cheesecake gelato.. . I tried to get a picture of the prices because there seems to be some confusion.  But I couldn't find a sign.  I just know I paid $42.99 for Dinner on a Saturday.. . I left the buffet satisfied...but sad.  Sad because I couldn't fit anymore food in my tummy.  I spent exactly 2 hours here.  Any more food I woulda burst like Violet Beauregarde from Willy Wonka.  I can't wait to come back!
This buffet is really that good. All the reviews here were right.. . My advice is.. get the Buffet of Buffet pass. Even with $15 extra it is so worth it. ($44.99 + $15) or I saw the buffet by itself was like $44.99.. . The wait was only about an hour for us on a Saturday at 4:30pm. I was a bit scared because I had a BoB pass and it expired at 5:52 so I almost upgraded to the Front of line pass for $15. Speaking of which, if there is a long ass line going out, I would recommend getting the extra $15 front of line pass so you can skip the line and go straight in. . . Rib Eye, Nigiri, Oysters, Crab legs, shrimps, everything was yummy. The dessert was really good too. This buffet is like a blend of Wynn, Paris, and Wicked Spoon. (at their best) I really hope the quality stays consistent because I know how these buffets are, it always dies down after awhile.. . The toilets are outside of the buffet where the line is so if you gotta go you know what.. it'll be like the walk of shame since everyone is there watching. haha.
I was one of the lucky Yelpers that got to attend the grand opening dinner at Bacchanal... And after hearing about the brunch offerings at that event, I knew that it would only be a matter of time before my husband and I would be feasting at Bacchanal Buffet in the morning hours.... . This past weekend we had family in town from back east, and what better way to welcome family to Vegas then to pig out at the best buffet in Vegas. (For what it's worth, that's what USA Today said, not me!). We arrived around 9:30 am and there was only a short line, it took no more then 15 minutes of waiting before we paid and were seated. For those of you that just can NOT wait, there is a line pass you can purchase for $15. . . Note: This is not a cheap buffet. It is priced in the same range as the other high end buffets. Brunch was about $45 per person, that includes champagne. There are other, cheaper places to get your grub on but when it comes to buffets you absolutely get what you pay for... . . Do not expect everything to be cooked and waiting for you to scoop out a serving, cafeteria style. That's just gross. Bacchanal has employees at all of their stations and while a decent amount of the food is premade, in SMALL batches, other items are prepared for you right then and there. Meaning you get the fresh tasting food at the right temperture, provided you can be a bit patient.. . . Highlights of our meal:. . RED VELVET PANCAKES. I was super excited to try these and they did not dissapoint in the slightest. The size of the palm of my hand, cooked to perfection and topped with both strawberries AND raspberries. Heavenly.. . The crepe stations. That's right, plural. The lady that made my crepe informed that that Bacchanal has crepe makers working all hours, but for breakfast they have both a sweet AND a savory crepe station. . . The chorizo and papas were tasty. Melon juice was delish. Freshly made-to-order omelette was perfect. . . One thing I knew about Yelp events is that we don't get the same experience as a "normal" customer may get, because the employees know they are serving a bunch of hella critical foodies. I actually feel like the service we got during brunch was as food if not better then the "special" service we recieved at the grand opening. A pot of coffee was left at the table for us but it was almost always poured by our waiter... My mimosa was being topped off constantly. Extra napkins? No problem. Plates cleared efficently, and all was done with a smile.. . Any time we have family in town that want to check out a buffet, we will be taking them to Bacchanal.
The line up to dine at this buffet is absolutely ridiculous.  But for those in line, I guess it is worth the wait as they didn't seem to mind having to wait over an hour to eat.  Luckily as a Yelp Elite member, we got to by pass the line and was escorted to our tables without any hassles.  I like the ambiance of this place.  The tables were spaced apart decently without the feel of being crowded.  There were plenty of people there, but it didn't seemed that way because of its spacious interior.  The only time you notice the crowds, were when you are waiting in line for the seafood (crab legs).  The waiters were quite efficient and our dishes were cleared away each and every time we got back to our table with yet another full plate of food.  There were so many items to choose from, but the following were what I remembered having:    .  . Ginseng chicken soup served in individual clay pots.  This authentic Chinese soup is well worth the wait in line.  So flavourful and the chef did not skimp on the ginseng.  There actually was a ginseng root in each of its clay pots..  . Buffalo chicken wings.  Served in metal basket, so juicy and full of flavour.  A must try if you love buffalo wings..  . Jumbo size cocktail shrimps.  These shrimps were so huge.  I only took a couple of them, because I wanted to save room to try all the other wonderful treats..  . Alaskan king crabs.  To me, it wasn't worth the wait.  Maybe I should have asked to have it heated up as others were doing.  .  . Stone crab claws.  Don't know what the fuss is all about.  Didn't really enjoy the crab..  . The seafood section had the longest line up of them all.  By the time I got through the line in this section and got back to my table, all the seafood items I picked up were cold.  Cold seafood soup is not so good, neither were the cold crab coquettes..  . Roasted Duck.  Very tasty and moist.  Authentically prepared.  .  . Lamp chops.  Seared to perfection on the outside and still rare inside.  A wonderful treat for those who like lamb..  . Prime rib.  A little disappointing.  The slice I had was not that moist.  It didn't melt in the mouth like prime rib should.  .  . Sliders.  I think this would be very good, if it was hot.  But sitting out for any length of time, made the beef a little dry.  You get quite a thick burger on the slider.  .  . Sushi.  They had all the usual fare and I would say it's a step up from other buffets, but definitely not as fresh as in a real Japanese sushi joint. .  . Har gow and shumai.  These Chinese dim sum items were both very good and authentic.  Quite big and flavourful.  Who needs to go to dim sum when you can get high quality dim sum at the buffet.  They also serve congee.  Just too much food to try everything..  . Fried calamari.  Served in a metal basket, the batter that was used to fry the calamari was quite good, light and tasty..  . Dessert.  The selection of desserts were okay.  There was nothing that was extraordinarily good. Had the tiramisu- was okay.  The chocolate creme brulee was quite good.  Gelatos - tried blood orange  - too sour for me, coffee - the flavour was good, and baklava - this was quite unique and tasty.  I don't remember the names of all the other desserts I tried.  Maybe I was just too full to truly enjoy the desserts.  .  . Conclusion - a truly fulfilling meal, with some high end items that just sets this place a step above all other buffets on the strip.  I would definitely go back.  There are some exceptionally good food items especially in the Chinese section.  There were so many other items that definitely warrants another trip to this buffet.  I am not too fond of having to wait in line, so I recommend going early or when they are about to close to avoid the very long lines.
Our experience at the Bacchanal was amazing.  I had high expectations for this buffet and it lived up to it.  The wait seems to be a problem but they do have a line where you pay an extra $15 dollar a person and you get to skip to the shorter line.  If you are in a rush then I would say paying that extra amount is still worth it.  Even though I wasn't able to eat as much as I wanted to.  I tried my best. I got to sample a variety of food and I must say most of the items I tried were pretty good.  For the price, it is worth it.  We were seated in a little area sorta felt like the VIP area since it was the only table for 10 in that section.  Our server was tentative and kept bringing our drinks and taking away our plates.  Will definitely be back to attempt to try out the rest of the food.
Arrive early! We arrived at 6pm and stood inline for about 1 Hour and 15 minutes. It was on a weekend so we knew the lines were going to be longer than expected. It was so worth the wait. I've been to many buffets and by far Bacchanal is #1 in my book or say belly. They have so many varieties. From Chinese, Japanese, Italian, American, Mexican, Southern, French, Seafood and a whole lot of Desserts. Everything tasted fresh even the crab legs. They were perfect in proportion and didn't need to fight to get the meat out.
I came here for lunch one day and I was more than surprised by not only the variety of the food but the high quality of it. We all know Vegas is the home of the buffet and we all know most are garbage but Bacchanel is the best in town!
Best buffet I've ever been to. Still dreaming of the pork belly
LOVED IT!! Went for lunch one day last week and thought it was amazing! Food was a great!! Chinese, Italian, Mexican, desserts! You name it, they had it!!. . Our big round table was even under a huge wine glass chandelier! Perfect atmosphere!
Fantastic selection, terrific quality and wonderful atmosphere make this the number one buffet in Vegas!!!  Better than Wynn and Cosmo.
This is the best buffet in Las Vegas and I'm not even a buffet person!  The presentation is awesome and food is amazing.  Not to mention the beautiful decor....My favorites: made to order ramen, dim sum station, dessertstation, Mac and cheese and must try the shrimp and grits!!!  This is the one and only buffet I'd tell all my friends to come and try!!  So worth it!!
As a Food caterer, and lover of great food in general, this Buffet is the absolute best I ever had in my life.  Price is not an issue, and should not be, for anyone looking for a  top quailty meal, and I understand why some may feel differently.  I have been to Vegas 40 times, and tried the Bellagio(5 stars) Wicked Spoon (4.5 stars), and The Wynn (4.5stars), and this one tops them all. WHY???   The sheer amount of variety is off the chart, BUT the quality in everything I tried was top notch.  Anyone can serve a ton of different foods ie.. Rio, Cravings, Harrahs, but to me , Quality wins every time.. Suer Fresh seafood, and the Shrimp is fresh not thawed, which is awesome.. The oysters looked great, and they'll warm up the crab legs for you(YES!!).           The Lamb chops were incredible, and Bone-in Rib Eye Steak was perfect, and The  Prime rib was great.  The Cheese selection was high end, and the salads were super fresh.  Excellent side dishes, and veges, all very fresh, try the asparagus, and carrots.  The lobster corn chowder was awesome.. Bottom line...  Oustanding, and the desserts were amazing with real fresh fruit without the crappy sugary glaze for the fresh crepes, with real whipped cream OMG!!. The lines can be long, but there is a reason for that, the food is that good.  It would take me 10 trips to get a feel for all the food, but it was awesome.  . Had lunch the next day, and it was great as well. Go there and enjoy, plus our server was very friendly, and cleaned up our plates pretty quickly.. You'll pay twice as much in an upscale restaurant or more for the same quailty you get here.  Long live Ceasar!!!!!
An absolutely epic buffet. The meat station alone is worth the price of admission for me (the prime rib was awesome), and...and...I'm losing my train of thought thinking of the meat station again (droooooooooooooooool). The desserts were all top notch as well. If you like buffets you will LOVE this one, well worth the visit. They play some pretty great music too and the atmosphere is really nice.. . Two things I noticed that they have to correct:. . 1. The bread is sliced to order and there wasn't anyone readily available to slice some bread for me. I tried to take some bread myself as I thought it was pre-sliced, but they were only there for decoration. They should slice the bread and put it out for everyone.. . 2. The top row of salad bar items is completely obscured and you have to really really really duck down to see what the items are. I gave up trying to take some of the items as it was awkward to try to grab them.. . All in all, a solid 5-star rating and the next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely be back here.
Bacchanal has set a new standard and I'm sure it's going to hold its reign as the best buffet on the Strip for a while. . . Here's some of the things that makes this buffet stand out from the rest: . . -Cheese & meat platters. -Sauce station (the sauces are contained in large food jars) . -Ramen station. -Various candy jars filled with candy (think: swedish fish, caramels, etc). -Tater tots & fried goodies served in mini deep fryer baskets. -Sushi that wasn't HORRIBLE. . . TIP: Prepare for a long wait--I'd say 1.5 hours+
Honestly, hands down, the best buffet I've ever been to. No, I am not getting paid for this, I promise ;). . I'm not a huge fan of any the buffets in Vegas. I've never really liked Studio B Buffet (M Hotel) or Wicked Spoon. I only think Studio B is worth it when it's cheap (ie Friday lunch). . . On a Sunday evening, we stood in line starting at around 5:15 and didn't get seated until close to 6:30. Cost is average to what you normally pay at buffets, about $45-60? I think we got a decent discount for using our Total Rewards card. . . Seafood - AMAZING! Oh so fresh & delicious - halibut (buttery & melts in your mouth) & sashimi (restaurant quality, fresh tasting). Everything else was just as great! Lots of stuff to choose from. Dessert section was probably my favorite, I wanted to eat EVERYTHING!! I loved the fresh souffle, made to order crepes and  large selection of gelato ice cream flavors. Another plus, food presentation! :P. . Wait and price for Bacchanal was well worth it! I'd go again ;) My only concern is that Bacchanal isindeed new and hasn't been opened (or re-opened) for a long time, so I am worried that the quality might not stay for long. Hurry and go!
OMG People, let's get right down to it.  This is the BEST BUFFET IN THE WORLD!  Subjective, you say?  Well, you can't argue that it isn't the largest, with it's 500 main items, & more importantly just wait until you taste the food here.  You  don't have to be on Honey Boo Boo to say, "THIS IS SO F-ING GOOD!!"  Just grab something, along with the 580 OTHERS that are enjoying this place at a time with you...  say the BROCCOLI!  Broccoli?  Listen Homez,  if this was the only thing you ate here you would say it was the best thing you ever tasted!  Never mind the 499 other items.  This place is just nothing short of fantastic from soup to dessert & I've never had a better meal in my life.  They spent a reported $17 million dollars to open this place (in a building that was already here!) & came out with a place that is REALLY SOMETHING SPECIAL & might just be the best Buffet in the world!!     :-)). . Arrive a bit before 11 AM & it's $20.99.
There are buffets, there is the M buffet and there is Caesars palace new Bachanl. A complete different beast . This is the VOLTRON of the buffets. The Constropticon of AYCE . combining all different parts to make a mega incredible spot. I swear by this buffet and everytime I go it is a great food experience. . BUT with great flavor on the strip comes the massive amounts of tourists. And when I say massive , I mean the wait feels like you are going to be getting an Iphone 6 at the front of the line.  Ive seen lots of peeps just giving up in their quest ..because they dont know that the Elysian fields were waiting for them right after paying your. . Stations are well devided and food is outstanding. Crab legs are huge and if you dont want them cold they cook them right there for you. Want hand rolls,ramen and sushi? fear not.theres a whole station full it. Someone said Dim sum or mexican? yep that too. They have a great selection of almost every food you might want y. . After you are done eating through prime ribs,oysters , lasagna etc..stop by the desert area. Specially the make your own crepe part.Flavor is intense. . The whole place went thorugh a 17 million dollar renovation and it shows it. new deco, new uniforms, presentation is impecabble, food quailty is hands down best for a buffet .Im fat trust me.well played Harrahs. . If you are a party beast and want to quench your alcohol thirst ;you can add an all you can drink for 15 dollars. Worth every penny..all until you are dancing naked on top of a table holding 5 alaskan crablegs as glowsticks ..ask me how I know..
This buffet has got to be one of the best buffet ever. Love that they have international food. Their halibut is a must try..it totally melts in your mouth. Their desert section is amazing. Heard their oysters is one of best too. Toobad being preggo, I'm unable to try those little suckers out. Overall, this is the best buffet by far. Probably better than m buffet in my opinion...so I'll definitely be back on my next vegas trip..
This was my goal when I went to Vegas. . . I looked up all the buffets ,and this was just the best one out there.  . We got in line around 1:40 pm on a Saturday, and paid by 2:58 !!! saving 3 dollars lol because 3  - 10 pm is dinner, so the price increases from 41.99 - 44.99. . . It took another 20 minutes after we paid to be seated. . . I was shocked that they had SO MUCH SEATING, there are empty tables everywhere, so I'm guessing they understaff in order to profit ( which most places do ).  When we were walking to our table, I saw many tables that had not been cleared of plates, but were just waiting to be filled. . . Unlimited drinks ( fruit juices ( they have fresh squeezed watermelon juice, carrot juice, etc, but unfortunately, when we tried to order them they ran out :( , coffee, soft drinks, tea w/ real honey !!! imported from France !!!! , ) . The coffee was hot, but I wish they used a darker roast, because there wasn't that much flavor.. . alcoholic drinks are extra. . . Seafood = oysters ( I had about 35 of these, I wish they were bigger, they were soo small compared to the picture shown in the advertisements)  The oysters flesh was kinda washed apart, like they had been washed too much.  So the flesh of the oysters became flaky. .             crab legs =   I had a small piece of crab from my friends place, it was a little salty but not that bad, I like how you can choose to steam the legs.  I don't eat crab / try not to, because they are becoming endangered. .             Mussels & clam & paella = all yummy esp the little bits of ham in the mussel soup .             Cocktail shrimp = the shrimp were bigger than most shrimp cocktail i've eaten, not as big as tiger shrimp though . .              . Meat = prime rib juicy and tender .              lamb chop = could have been more tender, and they had a whole bucket of them sitting on the serving station, so I'm not sure how long they were cooked before they were served. .              slider = soo tender and i loved the mayonnaise spread the had on the buns . . Mexican = fresh tortillas & guac & the mexican style sweet corn w/ butter & cheese & chili  the mexican pollo soup ( i'm not sure what it was called ) it was red and oily on top was very yummy and savory. . . Japanese  = They had tuna poke salad !!!  & the fish was very fresh ! .                sadly no sashimi, but the sushi was all very fresh. .                 also have your choice of miso soup ( make your own ) . . Chinese = typical chinese food, they had xiao long bao and lo mai gei !!! .                xiao long bao is the soup dumpling, and lo mai gei is the glutinous rice with meat inside.   sweet & sour soup was good too !. . Italian =  they had 6 different kinds of dried meats to choose from .                 (Prosciutto, Pancetta, Dried Beef, Salami, and a few other kinds ) .                 these were all delicious, and tasted very good with the cheeses & fresh fruit they offered. . . Fruit  / Salad = I didn't have any salad because I didn't want to waste space in my stomach, but the honey dew was so sweet !!! Too bad they ran out after everyone else figured out how delicious it was.  The watermelon wasn't that sweet. . . Cheese = I tried the white cheddar, and blue cheese, and my friend said the parmesan was yummy even though she doesn't usually like cheese.  I tried the blue cheese on accident, and spat it out because I hate blue cheese. But if you liked blue cheese, you would like there blue cheese. . . Dessert = I don't save dessert for last, I feel like if you do that then you will run out of room in your stomach.  I prefer to intersperse my dessert within my meals at buffet, that way you can try everything. .              Creme bruleee = they have chocolate & regular creme brulee here, I tried the chocolate one and it was pretty good. .           TIramisu = so good and light !!!! unhh i really liked it. .           Chocolate dipped strawberry =good .            Chocolate & cheesecake pop = so decadent and rich and creamy. the white chocolate cheesecake pop was SO GOOD. I would buy these separately if they offered them. .            Flan = i finished all of it so good. .            White / pink fluffy marshmallow = mmm so light ! home made too i think ! I even felt cute eating it ! .            Mini red velvet cupcake = so cute loved the decoration ! and cheesecake frosting was delicious. .           Syringe dessert = i enjoyed injecting my dessert with red jam like filling, too bad they are probably not reusable. . . . Gelato = only tried the sorbet, blood orange, tangerine, and watermelon mint all sooo refreshing light and fruity. . . Crepes = so good !!!! ate a whole bunch of the fresh fruits that they offered as well !!! . . . We ended up staying at the buffet for 2 hours, I wish I stayed for longer, and walked some laps around the buffet so I could have eaten more. . . P.S.Cannot believe I wrote so much, I commend anyone whom actually read all of this shit.
7 days in Vegas and I was here 4 times. 4 TIMES! With all the choices in Vegas, the frequency (and my newly expanded waistband) speak for itself.. . After some major jet lag the bf and I woke up at the ungodly hour of 7 am on Sunday and headed to Caesars to check out the brunch spread. No wait and $100.00 later  we were in. . . Mimosas on the table immediately, mountains of crab legs, so many amazing choices I can't even remember them all. 2 hours of leisurely brunch and we didn't even make a dent in all of the options. Everything was delicious, hardly a dud in the bunch.. . We ended up going to an additional breakfast and 2 lunches over the rest of the week, never with more than a 15 minute wait and always with friendly hellos from the cashiers and hostesses remembering us from the previous days. For me the brunch was the best with both breakfast and lunch options. However if you time it right on the weekdays you can definitely span both breakfast and lunch.. . Another plus, every waiter/waitress encouraged us to stay as long as we wanted and to get our moneys worth. Usually I feel a bit rushed at buffets, but here it was the exact opposite. . . I was a Wicked Spoon freak before this trip. We went to the Wicked Spoon once and were so disappointed. It does not even compare to the Bacchanal on any level (food, service, setting, etc) But frankly many of the real, nice, sit down restaurants in don't even compare to this buffet!. . Not saying you need to go 4 times but you must go to Bacchanal at least once when you are in Vegas!
I'm sorry to say this Buffet has surpassed the Bellagio Buffet interms of food selection and ambiance, making it #1 on my list of top Vegas buffets. My aunt wanted to treat us for lunch and so she decided to take us to Bacchanal Buffet because she had a great experience with the range of food offerings. The modern design of the buffet makes this place relaxing along with the hip music. The last time I was here was when this buffet was the Lagos Buffet and I wasn't impressed at all and being in Caesar's Palace, you'd thought it would be on par with the Bellagio or Wynn Buffet. WRONG!. . I went during lunch time on a Monday and there wasn't a line so we just went straight to the buffet. Just by looking at the new chic design of the buffet, I knew I wouldn't be disappointed, the first section on your left was the seafood and I just had to have the cocktail shrimp first as always but crab legs were only offered during dinner time.. .  =/. . The cocktail shrimp didn't disappoint, I tried the lobster melody or lobster chowder and that was very good and creamy. The meat station always had a long line but the wait was worth it and included;  hot links, fresh sliced bacon, wild turkey, beef brisket and your choice of sauce for the meat. On the far left side of the buffet was the Asian section, tucked away in the corner that included, Chinese, Vietnamese and sushi, the food was excellent and tasted like it came from a 5 star Asian restaurant. They also had a Mexican, Italian and dessert section. I must warn you not to skip the dessert section and save some room in your stomach for your sweet tooth. The dessert section was designed with glasses all around the top of the dessert island and glass in blue and yellow squares gives it a chic touch. I went to the crepe station where they make your crepe but you personalize it yourself with toppings and different flavors of sauce they leave out. The mini muffins were very sweet and so was the tangerine cake. . . The customer service was excellent and they always refilled my drinks and checked how everything was and the quality of the food. First time diners were given a tour by their host about the location of each station and what food was offered, I thought was very nice. Caesars really has stepped up on this buffet and sorry to say has outdone the Bellagio, Aria and Wynn Buffet.. . My new list of Top Buffets in Vegas include:. . 1. Caesar's Palace - Bacchanal Buffet . . 2. Bellagio - The Buffet. . 3. Aria - Buffet of Aria. . 4. Wynn - The Buffet. . 5. Planet Hollywood - Spice Market Buffet
The best buffet ever. I had dinner on a week night. Yes, the cost is $45, but it's worth it. Though I sampled most cuisines which were offered, I spent most of my time in the seafood line where I had my heart's desire of king crab, prawns, ceviche and lobster bisque. The crab and shrimp were steamed super hot just for me. Oh my and no words to explain the intensity of taste as I savored each morsel of seafood dipped in hot butter. Yummo! The experience is worth the wait and the cost.
The newest buffet on the Strip and it was amazing! I have not heard one person didnt enjoy this buffet!!! sure the line is long but its all worth it plus every decent buffet line is long in Vegas. Food quality is absolutely at top, seafood is fresh with huge selections with variety of 500+ dishes!! This buffet top Bellagio, Wynn and M resort, your newest spot to experience Las Vegas style buffet!!
Awesome.  Worth the $15 extra to get to the front of the line.  Everything was well prepared and the desserts were numerous and tasty.  I usually do not like buffets but this was great.
Tried this place in September a few days after the grand opening. Three words:. . Oysters. Oysters. Oysters!. . If I can count each oyster as a dollar-- I definitely got my money's worth from eating here!. . I've been to the Cesar's buffet back when it was on the Buffet of Buffet deal a while ago. Now that they remodeled it, it certainly is a treat. The food stations are very well organized and have a lot of offerings from American, Seafood, Asian (Chinese/Japanese), Mexican, Sliced Meats anc cheeses, Soups, Salads, and basically everything else. I like how everything was presented modernly (similar to the Wicked Spoon). The only thing I couldn't dig was the huge ass dinner line that stretched for at least a mile and three quarters. Similar to waiting for your favorite ride at Disney land, it definitely built up my expectations (and my hunger) as my friends and I were waiting in it.. . More recently, my dad was telling me how the Bellagio buffet was around $25 back in the day and how he thought that was expensive... My oh my how things have changed...
A month after the grand opening Elite event, I'm finally back at the scene of the crime for my official non-event review. Feel free to refer to my first review (http://www.yelp.com/biz/elite-grand-opening-feast-bacchanal-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:HtoQJRMMYxheSWyYYU_3XA) for the "before" comparison.. . With my mom in town, I knew I had to take her to the latest Vegas hot spot. It was her first experience here and my first chance to see if the honeymoon period had worn off. The strategy was too obvious: go for lunch and stick around until the dinner menu transition. It actually worked too well since the wait only took 45 minutes starting from 1 pm. The weekday lunch price, which might or might not have included a slight players card discount, was $26.99. They've definitely raised the cost since opening week.. . After a circumnavigation of the dessert island, we were seated at a somewhat awkward table next to one of the glass dividers. It actually felt like my chair was in the middle of an obvious walkway. It wasn't that distracting for me, but I did have people try to walk around me sometimes. Oh, and while I'm on the atmosphere, it was dark because the light above us had burned out, but I think that all the awesome light fixtures are above bigger tables anyway. And the music was... well, lounge-y and loud enough to be heard but not distracting.. . I actually ended up trying a lot of different foods than in my last trip, and there were some real treats this time. The fish in the fish and chips basket was so fluffy and yummy. The lobster corn bisque was so good that I could eat it all day (but I only had two). The ramen was good enough that I found myself slurping up the broth, which clearly violates the general buffet principle of not consuming too much liquid. The poke salad was respectable for a buffet. The beef brisket didn't taste so strange this time, especially after cutting off the outer layer. The jumbo shrimp cocktail was solid, and the king crab legs (dinner menu) were great and came pre-steamed (no wait). Although the steaming was far from thorough, I enjoyed cold and warm crab meat alike.. . Out of the desserts, the top-it-yourself crepe was so good that I'm not sure why I skipped it the first time. I can't recall any other buffets with so much fresh fruit (sliced strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, and possibly a chance to do something which those bananas if you want) at the crepe station. With the cream and choice of syrups, you can probably just eat crepes all dessert long. The chocolate creme brulee was pretty thick and lived up to its billing as chocolate, although the brulee left a bit to be desired. I also tried new ice cream flavors this time: the aztec chocolate was strangest with its cinnamon and spiciness, the fig and basalmic was pleasantly sweet (although I'm not sure where the balsamic went), and the brown butter caramel was just so rich and creamy (my favorite so far).. . Not everything worked though, and that's fine. That's why you read Yelp to see what to avoid, or else sample modestly so you can cut your losses. I thought that the prime rib had too much inedible stringiness, the ceviche and gazpacho were too strong in a bad way, the crab croquettes and the italian meatballs were just okay, and the blackberry panna cotta was not as good as last time. Also strangely lacking were some of the desserts that I remember from my first visit, including a green tea mousse - maybe it's only brought out later at night?. . I haven't been to all the other popular buffets too recently, but Bacchanal is still probably the best buffet in Vegas. If you want to have a buffet some time this year, choose this one.
Bacchanal is insanely good for a Vegas buffet. It is most definitely a must try on your next trip to the city. My bf has been hearing all the raves about it, so it was on top of our to-do list.. . On a Sunday night there was a very long line, so instead of waiting for hours for a table, we went straight to the "express" lane and coughed up an additional $15 per person. It was totally worth it because the wait had cut down to about 20 minutes. . . There was an overwhelming amount of tasty quality food to try. With nine different kitchens, we tried numerous of dishes. In the seafood section, my favorites would have to be the lobster corn bisque soup and the salmon. There was also seafood paella, cocktail prawns, crab legs, and OYSTERS. I was a bit scared to try the oysters, but it tasted surprisingly decent.. . The prime rib and briskets was not phenomenal but was still well made. There was also fried chicken, lamb chops, and a fair sized salad/deli bar. As tasty as the Italian kitchen looked, I didn't make any room to try their pastas. In the Chinese and Japanese kitchen, the sushi didn't taste a day old, and their dimsum was actually pretty good. I was surprised that they were also serving pho and tonkatsu ramen. The ramen was tasty with a smokey flavor, but a little on the salty side. . . We were seated right next to the dessert kitchen, so everything there looked incredibly irresistible. They had an excellent selection of cake pops, bread pudding, cute little pastries, and savory gelato and sorbet flavors. It is definitely worth saving some room in your stomach to try bunch of the sweet goods. The most enjoyable dessert would have to be the mango chili sorbet. It was a nice balance between the heat from the chili and the cool and sweet taste from the mango. . . The ambiance at Bacchanal was very nice, and you are bound to have a good dining experience here. The modern decors was beautiful, and service was excellent and friendly. We are most definitely coming back here to try the other dishes we had missed out.
Timing is everything.  After reading some of the horror stories about the wait, we decided to go for early brunch on a monday.  We got there about 10:15, which is the perfect time.  Most of the breakfast items were still out, but they began switching over to lunch about 10:30 or so.  Basically no wait, but by the time we left around 11:30 it was full and a pretty good line.  Food was well done and the presentation was perfect. Many items were served in single portion dishes or cast iron pans(cuts down on the waste)  AAmazing choices and even a crepe bar.  There are other reviews  that go more in detail about the great food but I wanted to give a heads up on the timing.
Move over Bellagio and Wynn buffets, this is my new favorite buffet at Las Vegas!  Their food and dessert selections were awesome and everything I tried was pretty tasty.  They have a seafood station, American, Mexican, Italian, Japanese and Chinese stations, a salad and fruit bar, cheese station, a dessert station. Highlights included fresh boiled crab legs (no salty taste), Prime Rib, fresh oysters, clam bake, crab cakes, sweet potato taters, black chicken ginseng soup, ramen, a taco bar, freshly dipped chocolate strawberries, made-to-order souffles, tasty keylime tarts, and a big selection of gelato and other delicious desserts.  . . We arrived around 2:20 p.m. on a weekday for a late lunch and waited for about 5-10 minutes before being seated - which was really quick.  No long lines, you pay the lunch price (a discounted $27 for lunch versus a whopping $43 for dinner - dinner starts at 3 p.m.) and still get some of the dinner stuff like the fresh crab legs. I wished my stomach was bigger because I didn't get to try much of the desserts and I was super stuffed when I left.  I can't wait to go back!
My new #1 buffet in Vegas!  So worth the money!
I'm generally indifferent about buffets.  You come hungry, you stuff your face for a couple of hours and you leave feeling like a fat ass.  End of story.  That's pretty much the case at every buffet not named Sizzler.  Very rarely do I leave as impressed as I did after my visit to Bacchanal.. . Seriously, hands down the best buffet in Vegas!  The service, the presentation and the food selection are top notch.  They borrow a lot of ideas from other buffets like Wicked Spoon with the cute presentation and tiny portions.  Vegas buffets are all about pleasing the masses.  You might not love the the whole menu, but you'll usually find something you love.  And at Bacchanal, you'll probably find a whole lot more than that.. . Some of my favorite things from weekend brunch ($39.99 with Total Rewards card, $41.99 without):. -fresh juice selection served in glass bottles (melon juice ftw!). -unlimited mimosas!. -perfectly fried chicken fried steak. -personal omelet bar. -juicy prime rib. -super flavorful lamb chops (available during dinner menu transition). -seafood selection (crab legs, oysters, mussels, shrimp, sushi). -surprisingly decent ramen (pho and wontons also available). -dessert crepe bar. . Cheers to gluttony at its finest!
So for those who are wondering if Bacchanal tops Bellagio's, The Buffet at Wynn, or Wicked Spoon, the answer is a resounding YES.. . It is pricey, sure, but for the quality of food you're getting I think it's very well worth it. . . The lamb chops here are phenomenal. Perfectly spiced. . The prime rib is awesome. . The seafood is top notch. Sweet king crab and great oysters. Fresh shrimps! . The freshly-squeezed juices. Omgosh. Really memorable. Probably the best orange/melon juice I had. . The runner ups: seafood paella, korean short ribs, veal, shu mai, artisan pizzas, shrimp & grits, meat & cheese stations .... . But for me their dessert  wins it all. Yummy crepes, cakes, & macarons. Truly unique ice cream flavors like watermelon & mint, chili lime & jalapeno, baklava, & aztec chocolate. . . We've been here twice (before 11 am & 5 pm respectively) and we never had to wait for more than 10 minutes. No lines! If you're planning to experience at least one buffet in LV, this is it!
This buffet is top notch and everything I tried was delicious.  After Bally's Sterling Sunday Brunch ($95), this is definitely my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.  The items that really stuck out to me were the small plate dishes, the sushi, and the meat carving station, but everything I had was perfect.  I didn't even look at the huge dessert area.  It's a little overwhelming, but it's a great buffet.  Go slow and pace yourself or your experience will be over way too soon.  I went on Sunday for the champagne brunch ($43) and felt like I really got a really great deal.  The "champagne" actually says "champagne "on the side of the bottle, but it's an inexpensive sparkling wine from California.  I have nothing but good things to say about this buffet.  It seems to be very popular and the line looked crazy long when we left.  When we arrived, it was about 10:30 a.m. on Sunday and the line was not bad at all.  The service was outstanding and our champagne and water glasses were always full, despite out best efforts.  Caesar's has done a great job on the contemporary design of the restaurant and it does not have a cafeteria feel.  If you're in Vegas, don't miss this new awesome buffet.  Food-5 stars, Value-4 stars, service-5 stars, Ambiance-5 stars.
This isn't your grandmother's smorgasbord....... . WHOA - you will be amazed, so many choice and don't forget to see ALL of the buffet, like it goes around the corner!!!. . We went early on a Sunday morning and didn't have a wait at all, but by the time we left it was a good 1.5 hour wait, so go early and come VERY hungry.. . I love the way the food it set out, like tapas style - 'little plates'.   I'm a Wynn Buffet person and this one is on par.  . . This is really a great way to try NEW things.
This is simply the best buffet I've ever visited... So much has already been said about this place but the highlight for me was the hot crab legs! . . If you have the chance you must go here... The only thing for some reason the night we went (22nd Oct) it was $44 not sure why but still worth it for the quality of food!
I think it's hands down the best buffet.  So many selections, crab legs were plentiful and cut open for you. The entire seafood side did not disappoint, lobster chowder =YUM!. . The meat carving station was great! Tons of delicious goodness to be found.. . Try the sweet potato tator tots. You will not regret it. . . Like others have said, the cutesy plating for the entrees made it difficult to fill up one plate, but it made it much more pleasing to see a handful of tots in a mini fryer basket. It made the experience a little better. It's not like a regular buffet with a boring tray and ladle for each entree and side. . . Dessert was a step above the rest. We filled our table with the shots of desserts they offer. Might want to avoid the panna cota,and the passion fruit chocolate, everything else was AMAZING! Perfect portion sizes to make sure you can have one of everything, which is exactly what we did. There's a fantastic crepe station, and gelato also. Seriously, nothing was missing from the dessert/candy bar.. . Downsides: Terrible service. Literally, I had to flag a different person down to get a refill, or plates cleared or anything. It's a buffet, the whole tipping process is based on refills and clearing plates, if you can't get that down, you definitely aren't getting a 20% tip from me. . . The line is crazy ridiculous. Worth the wait, but allot time for 20-40 minutes of just standing in line.
I loved every minute of my 2 and half hour eating frenzy.  This place is beautiful with an awesome selection of various food stations that include Asian, American, Mexican, Seafood, breads, pizza, deli meats, desserts, and more.  Bottomless mimosas are served with brunch on Sunday's.. . If there is any buffet in Las Vegas you need to try this is it!  Every time I went to get more food my last dirty plate had already been removed from the table by the time I got back.  Bacchanal has buffet food and service down to a Science and I would recommend them to even the most pickiest and finicky eater.  You must experience this buffet.  The music they played made me happy and I ate to the tunes.  I could have very well experienced my first foodgasm.
Came here on vacation and the food amazing, huge selection and great seafood cant wait to comeback in town will eat here again.
This buffet has been here forever and a day, but it's recent revamping puts it in a class of its own.  The atmosphere is beautiful and comfortable, with wide enough tables to fill with your regular plate along with individually-sized tapa-style servings that are offered at each food station.  The food is a fresh as it gets - even so far as hand made ramen noodles - and the service was outstanding.  Our table service was fast and friendly, and the people behind the counters were informative about the food they were offering.  . . The buffet is expensive, but worth every penny!
You Can Desserts (5/5 NOMs). It was sweetness overload with so much to try. I kept going back for more a few times. You got to save room for all the sweets.. . All You Can Eat Asian and Mexican (5/5 NOMs). That is some crazy amount food in there. Anything and everything from American to Asian and Mexican. You got to eat little bit of each dish so you can try everything. There is a lot to try! Love Asian section with super nomnom Shao Mai and Roasted Duck! I went for few more. Not a bif fan of their sushi. Tasted very buffet style dry and bland. Other then that I'm a fan! . . All You Can Meat (5/5 NOMs). I was told this is the place to stop by during your Vegas trip. Welcome to the amazing meat world with all type of BBQs you can think of. Love the brisket, sausages, chicken and prime rib. Make sure to go during lunch so its cheaper. Dinner is crazy expensive!
09/23/2012. . Its been a while ive been to Vegas..so i gotta try out whats new! . I heard about this buffet, its a new renovation at the Ceaser's Palace. and i wanted to check it out. The layout was pretty cool and looks elegant. The line was long as usual like other types of buffets in Vegas. my Bf and I went here around 3:30 pm, hoping they still serve Lunch.. but no.... they start dinner pretty early (3pm). entrance for us two reached almost 70. but hey, worth it?. . They have the usual crab legs and claws, sushi on one side, italian food on the other...but whats unique about this place, they make your food in front of you fuh fuh fuh FRESSSHHHH! They literally make RAMEN in front of you. just let them know what kind of ramen. they have the tonkotsu ramen,.. mmmm my fav. and for the crab legs...i mean.. the heaven section of the buffet.. you basically grab the crab legs and claws onto your plate and place it on top. the chefs will ask you, how you like your crabs cooked. steamed crab legs and claws are the bomb. They have other types of foods thats been readily made onto mini plates. You can just grab and go. they have them all presentable and all cute and what not.. . now lets talk about sweeets! They have pretty nice dessert section. lots of varieties and in cute little dishes. they do gelato ice cream and OMG! they have crepes. they also make it in front of you. just let them know, what you want on it. . . I'd totally come back here...VEGAS ANYONE? haha
This is one of the most decadent buffets I have ever seen! GO!. . While vacationing in Vegas Halloween week I decided to try the buffet at Caesars Palace. On the first day I went for breakfast which quickly eased my hangover from the previous nights activities. The staff was extremely professional and accommodating. The hostess took the time  to point out all of the stations. The room is massive yet comfortable. The food presentation is beautiful. Many items are presented on small plates or in individual fryer baskets. The "breakfast" options seem endless with three types of bacon. My favorite being the hand carved slab bacon. The breakfast buffet offered not only traditional breakfast items but also featured a Mexican station, sushi, cheeses, and full Asian dishes.. . A couple of days later I decided to see what they could possible add for lunch. At one point I became overwhelmed, thanked God for his abundance and shed a tear. The massive dessert station was spectacular! Banana Foster, gelato, hand made crepes and on and on. The carver station was a meatasauras' dream! Artesian sausages, prime rib, slab bacon (again), chicken, ham, turkey, etc. there was pizza, pastas, sushi, paella, mussels, oysters, and again, on and on. All served with stunning presentation. More importantly, all delicious!!. . This buffet is a bit more than most of the other strip but is well worth the cost. What differentiates this from other buffets is the food quality and service.. . I was too frightened to try the dinner buffet knowing that I would hurt myself by filling up on crab legs. I can't wait to go back!!
Wow, not usually a Buffet fan (Gluttony!!) but this buffet is unreal! . Prices are a bit on the higher side than other buffets in Vegas but the quality and variety of the food is excellent! . . They have fresh seafood (HUGE king prawns, crab, ceviche, oysters, mussels etc), roasted meats, smoked meats, chips, chicken wings (presented in little individual baskets), mexican (soo many condiments here, unreal!), sushi, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, Italian, French, amazing desserts etc... I could go into detail, but I think everyone's covered all of the different cuisine's in these reviews. . . It's the highest quality buffet I've ever been to, top restaurant quality. . . I just wished I had about 10 stomachs so that I could get the most out of it & out of the price tag!
Out of all the buffets I have tried in Vegas (wicked spoon, rio carnival, bellagio), this surpasses all of them. Yes, it's a little pricey, and yes you have to wait in a long line, but in the end you get what you pay for and it's all worth it. . . Highlights: KING crab legs that they make warm for you (upon request), steak tacos that they freshly make for you, gelato, sushi rolls, buffalo chicken wings, fried chicken, ribs,.... too many to list. Everything was just freshly made and didn't taste like it was sitting under the heating lamp for hours.. . If you're in the mood to splurge on a buffet in Vegas, then this is definitely your go to spot!
Come here and you'll feast like a king. After learning they put in $17 mil to renovate, I just had to see and taste EVERYTHING for myself. No doubt this is the best buffet in Vegas. They thought of all the little things to really cater to your taste buds. I was really impressed with what they had to offer. For starters, having Alaskan King Crab legs as opposed to snow crab or dungeness already makes a world of difference. Fresh squeezed juices, homemade sauces..the list is never ending. Even the nigiri (something I typically pass up at buffets) had sashimi pieces that just melts in your mouth. They use the best quality ingredients and each dish is crafted beautifully. Only thing missing is bone marrow (like Wicked Spoon) and oysters on half shell and this could very well be the perfect buffet.
I didn't know what to expect. I had heard lot's of talk about this buffet. I have been to what I considered the best and also the worst buffets. This buffet has risen to the best of my list. I line was long but not bad and it moved right along. The decor is beautiful. From the fresh flowers at the entrance to all the modern art inside. I doubt you can say there isn't something for you in this buffet. The carving bar has 5 meats. 9 different salsas. Salads are excellent. I don't eat Sushi but it looked very good. Fresh fish and seafood dishes. The desserts are to die for. Everything from cheesecake on a stick to 12 different kinds of ice cream. The service was excellent and I loved the techno/smooth jazz music playing. Of course this all comes with a price. I payed $36.00 on a Friday for lunch. But if you only eat at one pricey buffet in Vegas this should be the one. Wicked Spoon, Wynn and Bellagio have been my favorites but this one jumps to the top.
The line is really long on weekends, but I totally recommend it if its your first time.  Buffet interior is really modern and spacious, and you can see a lot of the chefs cooking at each station.. . What stood out for me was the lamb chops, prime rib, and oysters.  I do not know how they can get get such a perfectly cooked mass production of lamb chops.  Best part of the meal, hands down.  Lamb chops are pink the in the middle  Prime rib comes second, wow.  This however you can ask the chef how you want it cooked.  Third, the oysters.  There was 4 guys working literally the whole night cracking them open.  Some of the people at the restaurant were taking twenty at a time it seemed, which was kind of ridiculous, consider the time it was taking to open each one.  It seemed every time they put oysters out, it would need immediate replacement.. . For the desert, I actually really liked the baked cookie, and their ice cream selection.  There was watermelon mint, baklava, sour cherry, some random flavors I had never had.  Great touch.
I PROS | . - Spacious and clean!! . - Best quality of food. . - Get the shrimp! It's so good! . - Love the fresh squeezed juices! . . | CONS |. - $$$ . - Long wait
Yes the concept is like Wicked Spoon, but the food here is actually good and so much nicer. Came on a Saturday, so it was Champagne Brunch 41.99...Yes it's pricey, but hey it's AYCE! Everything I had was really good. Even the prime rib was super delicious. They have a noodle station with pho, ramen, udon and all the broths that match it. I just can't stop eating. Staff is nice and the place is really clean. Also the crab legs are cut in half for you already so u don't need to make a mess and get your hands too dirty. LOVE IT!
My second trip to the best buffet in town, all I can say is AMAZING!!!
One of the best buffets in LV. Thanks to my high roller friend, we did not have to wait just to come in. Since being here, I have been craving for their red velvet small pancakes. I loved their chandeliers made of glasses. I want one at home.
Found ourselves here for the 3rd time to take advantage of the Veterans Day special (complimentary Buffet of Buffets so I only had to pay $15 upcharge for my Sunday brunch meal)! . . Being a sushi aficionado I never dare to eat the sushi offerings at any buffet because I know I'm just setting myself up for a disappointment. I don't know what got into me, but this time around I tried their salmon and tuna hand roll (you have to ask the chefs behind the counter cause they are made to order) and WOW I was very impressed. The nori is nice & crisp and they put a good amount of fish inside so the rice:fish ratio is perfectly balanced. So yummy and FRESH! You just have to trust me on this one. . . This time I opted for: crab croquettes (good amount of REAL crab inside), glazed carrots, meats and cheeses, beef lasagna, shrimp and grits (a staple), shu mai (delicious!) mexican rice, king crab legs (ask them to heat it up for you), shrimps (plump), & penne pasta.Their brisket is oh so tender and flavorful (Tip: their famous lamb is only served on dinner). . . Their crepes are to die for. Had bananas foster this time and this alone is worth the $15 I paid for. The flan was scrumptious and the gelatos are great, as always (Tip: Creme brulee and souffle are served starting 3 pm).. . Our server Carlos was great! He brought our party of 4 condiments and our glassesare always filled with water, juices, and mimosas.. . So my list still stands! . 1) Bacchanal. 2) Wicked Spoon. 3) The Buffet at Wynn. 4) Bellagio
Awesome buffet....worth the $$$$
I have never seen something so extravagant for $21. Well done, Bacchanal. . . This place is like culinary Disney.You keep walking the breakfast buffet line thinking it's going to end but then you run into an area of spring rolls. That's right - spring rolls at breakfast. In the center of the gorgeous display is a huge dessert station, filled with gourmet gelatos (strawberry cheesecake, yum!), every flavor of cookie you've ever seen and some you haven't, a candy station, cheesecakes, cinnamon rolls, a crepe station, fancy ice cream cones, and every other fancy treat you've ever dreamt of in your wildest dreams. Perfect fresh squeezed juice (melon - yes!), mini red velvet pancakes, corn flake crusted french toast, a gigantic cheese board, egg dishes in the double digits ... Are you hungry yet?!. . Everything here made my daily oatmeal look oh so sad. Pretty sure I gained a pant size there. Pretty sure it's worth it.
An explosion of live cooking stations (including a fresh Ramen station, yes!), a huge variety of great food you don't see at other buffets, a relaxed atmosphere that almost feels like you're eating in your living room (if your living room happens to be enormous)... Caesars set out to redefine the game with their new, $10 million Bacchanal Buffet, and they pulled it off. This is the best buffet in Las Vegas.. . My friend and I were seated near the Asian food, and we loaded up our first plates with Dim Sum style Chinese specialties, Ramen, and Sushi. I moved on next to the Mexican section, which featured absolutely excellent and perfectly moist Carnitas. The Pizza was great as well, with excellent and diverse toppings that you wouldn't normally expect. Even the cheese and meat board were a cut above the rest. Sliced Prime meats and Oysters were fresh and delicious as well. Fresh squeezed Orange and Carrot Juices served in individual carafes was yet another nice touch.. . The dessert section kept the goodness going, with fresh Ice Creams served in Chocolate dipped cones and a Crepe station. The whole experience was incredibly impressive, and $21 for breakfast was completely reasonable.. . I'd read a bunch of hype before I visited The Bacchanal Buffet, but Caesars delivered and then some. I will be back as soon as I can. Best buffet in Las Vegas!
OMG! My new favorite buffet in Vegas.
Wow!. I generally shy away from Las Vegas buffets, as they tend to be gluttonous feeding troughs. So I was reluctant when my friends wanted to go, but I am a team player, so I went anyway. I was glad I did.. First of all, the the line was VERY long, which scared me a little, as I imagined it was going to be an all-out free for all inside. . Not so.. Inside, was a well though out, and well spread out seating arrangement. They could have sat twice as many people and just herded them through, but they exercised self control, and put together a comfortable seating arrangement that felt much more "restaurant" than buffet.. Next, the food was spread out in a vast expanse, that made getting your food comfortable and easy. I expected lines at the buffet, and people pushing each other, but only seating a certain number at a time kept the food lines short, comfortable, and relaxing.. Finally, the food was an overwhelming array of good quality ingredients and preparations, featuring a variety of cuisine cultures, and a spectacular selection of desserts.. All in all, they were going for a high-end experience, and they achieved it. I have always been a fan of brunch at the Verandah, and while it is still my favorite, Bacchanal was 5-Stars all the way.
We arrived at 2:30pm on a Wednesday and were expecting a waiting line.  However, there was no line and the hostess was ready to walk us to our table after we finished paying.. . The hostess was nice and gave us a description of the various buffet stations as she walked us to our table.  Our waitress came and took our drink order and off we went to get our food.  . . The main buffet area had stations for seafood: crab legs, oyster on a half-shell, mussels on a half-shell and large peeled prawns.  Also, there were oyster shooters, ceviche, gazpacho, and a seafood salad.  In the hot section, there was grilled halibut and salmon, paella, clam bake, crab croquettes and a delicious lobster corn chowder.. The carving section had an amazing 18 hr smoked brisket, prime rib, cowboy rib eye, lamb chops, grilled chicken, links, ribs, turkey and ham.  They also had sliders, fried chicken with sweet potato fries in a little basket.  . . In the Mexican section, they had items including made to order tacos, tamales, and carnitas.  In buffet stations in the back room, there are stations for Italian foods including various pasta dishes, such as peso tortellini and lasagna.  Also there are gourmet cheeses and about 8 different types of cured meats.  In the Asian section, there are several types of sushi and BBQ pork, ribs, Peking duck, dim sum, and several stir fry items.  Also there is a salad section station as well.. . In the front room, there is a large, four-sided dessert section, which had numerous types of cakes, tarts, pies, cupcakes, flan, creme brulees, candies, and cookies.  Also, they offered gelatos and sorbets and even made crepes to order.. . The service needs to be fined tuned.  After we left our table to get our second buffet plate, we came back to a cleaned table.  Our used plates, utensils, drinks and napkins were gone.  Our waitress came back and apologized and said the bussers had mistakenly cleaned our table.  She promptly brought new utensils and drinks.. . Overall, this is one of the best buffets that we've had.  All the food was very good to excellent.  Though pricey, it is worth it.  4.5 stars.
AMAZING! I've always gone to the Bellagio's buffet, but this beats it hands down. Huge selection of incredible foods. Cold cuts, crab legs, ceviche, prime rib. And dessert is delicious: so many varieties of gelato, a crepe station, wonderfully thick cookies and so much more. The atmosphere is buzzing and there's always a line to get in. Arrive early to avoid crowds and give yourself plenty of time to enjoy all the buffet has to offer. This is not something you'll want to rush through.
Well after reading all the great reviews on this buffet located in Caesar's Palace. We had to check it out for ourselfs.Lunch is served until 3pm then it changes over to dinner. We showed up around 2:20 and paid the lunchen price around $29. with tax. hey no line at that time for us.maybe just lucky? OK here's my grades for what I ate ..A being the best that I ever had on down.. Prime Rib B+. Chicken noodle soup A+. Ribs C. Coffee A. Baked Beans A-. Shrimp&sauce A. Blueberry cobbler& Ice cream  A. Service A. All in All this IS the best buffet in town .....would I pay $29 again? ...probably
I am not a big buffet person, but I had so many good things and since we were staying at Caesar's Palace, what the heck. I am so glad we decided to try it. We went for lunch and the lines were not bad and the food was fantastic. Great selection and a great value.
After learning about the new opening of Bacchanal at Caesar's, of course the fatty in me had to go and try it.  It was only a couple weeks after it opened and my god, the line is ridiuclously long! I came around 6:00 hoping that the line wouldn't be too bad but upon my arrival, the line was snaking around like it was Disneyland or something.. . Not only was the line super long but the it was moving ridiculously slowwwww. I swear I was standing in the same place for at least 10 minutes before moving an inch. -_- I'm normally a patient person but just the way the line was moving it was going to take at least 2+ hours just to get seated.  After about a good 45 minutes, I said F*CK it and I decided to shell out the extra $15 bucks per person for the express.  Thankfully, NO ONE was at there and I literally got seated within 5 minutes. . . So, besides paying $50+ per person for this meal, I actually had a GREAT time! I immediately saw all the different selections and my mood quickly turned from hangry (hungry + angry) to super happy! (sappy?) Anyways, when you first arrive inside, you'll notice the long selection of seafood in the front.  I was quite impressed with all the mussels, oysters, and crabs that you get to choose from.  There is a guy in the back who can steam them for you too if you're not a fan of raw seafood.  At first, I thought that was pretty much it but I quickly learned that the buffet stretched allllllll the way down the room.  It was a non-stop line of food! I was very impressed with their selection.. . Everything tasted amazing! Well, everything except their pizza. I know, why would I get pizza at a fancy buffet like Bacchanal when they have steak and seafood?! I really enjoyed my meal.  I would say it was TOTALLY worth spending that extra $15.  Ceviche? Bomb. Lobster bisque? Bomb.  Crab fritters? ALL BOMB.  The bf also really liked many of their selections as well.  Definitely try a little bit of everything.  You'll find a mass amount of food here that you'll like. . . I think Caesar's did a great job of making sure that they offered a vast selection of food for their buffet.  They have everything from ramen to pho to typical American side dishes. I definitely think Bacchanal has topped Wicked Spoon. Food and service was way better than WS! The servers were super attentive when it came to refilling our waters and beverages and pretty much I had a really smooth good meal. Definitely a must try when you come! It will blow all the other buffets away!
This place lives up to all the hype! The recent renovation was much needed and now Caesar's buffet is king once again. The place is amazing, with nine open kitchens, foods are freshly prepared and presented in a way only Caesar's could pull off. 500 items, that is a lot of choices people! I started with a bowl of very authentic tasting "hot & sour" soup, some very fresh sushi, edamami and a nice Mexican Caesar salad. All perfectly prepared and fresh. The most beautiful piece of prime rib came next, with a horseradish sauce that will open any clogged sinuses. Finally made it to the seafood kitchen, OMG! The Alaskan King crab legs were both tasty and fresh, cut in half for easy eating. Colossal already peeled shrimp (don't you just hate having to peel shrimp?). The Lobster corn chowder was almost as good as the little buckets of clam bake. Both are a must try, you will be going back for more, trust me. The oyster shooters were tasty and fresh. The only problem with this buffet is you will get full way before you get to all the kitchens! The Italian & the Mexican kitchens both had some wonderful wonderful dishes I never got to try. The american kitchen also had brisket sausages and several other meat choices, again, didn't get to try only because I was full! Plenty of choices for all taste pallets. I did manage to save room for dessert though and again was blown away by the array of sweets. The sorbets where awesome, as were the crepes. Creme brulle, tiramesu, tortes, etc, all so decadently delicious! My favorite was the white chocolate dipped cheesecake with rock candy sprinkles, the perfect blend of smooth and creamy mixed with a candy crunch, mmmmmhhh! A quick tip for all who go, dinner starts at three, so get there for lunch, relax a bit, and wait for the dinner items and save a ton of money (and leave plenty of time though, the line is long!). Again, hail Caesar!
Wow, wow !!!!  This buffet is unbelievable!! You can't leave without having the slider, so good.  You don't know when to start or end with this buffet. Very good pasta, meat, seafood & everything.  Go very hungry !!!!
This buffet exceeded my hungry expectations. After waiting in the non-Express line, which took over an hour, I was very ready to start stuffing my face. I tried to start slow but once you walk in everything looks so delicious you can't help yourself. . . I started with the Asian stations. The sushi wasn't great. I really enjoyed the different salads and the  veggies were so fresh. Then I moved onto the carving and seafood stations. This blew me away!! . My favs- . . Crab legs- wehad 3 servings (this alone would cost more than we spent)  . Mussel and clams- they come in a small serving bowl. There's corn, sausage, and potatoes in the bowl. Loved it!. Halibut dish. Truffel Mac & Cheese . Lollipop Rib Eye- my bf went back for seconds. Desert station- so much fun! . . Overall everything was fabulous. The server was attentive and the food was top grade.  . Tip: Dress very comfy and ladies wear flats. You're going to have to wait in line so wear shoes that won't kill your feet. I promise it's worth it!
We went to Vegas with the Bacchanal buffet as our top priority and I wasn't disappointed! It was Thanksgiving weekend so we knew lines were going to be insane but I think we lucked out when we hoped in line at 10:45am and waited for only 30 minutes so definitely go early. Love love love the decor and food presentation. My plan of attack was to take my time and not load up so early but everything looked so delicious that I started double fisting plates of sliders and tiny baskets of fried chicken on the first trip! I'm a sucker for food served in cute miniature fryer baskets, which is why I also recommend Wicked Spoon as a quicker alternative (I don't think their line is as epic as Bacchanal, Bellagio, or Wynn).
We started lining up at around 1 pm for dinner. It took us about 2.5 hours to get into the buffet with 6 people, but it was worth the wait. I can only imagine the wait time for someone who went during actual dinner hours.. . We also got the buffet of buffets deal which gave us a 24 hour pass to the 6 different buffets in various hotels. We went to the buffets in Paris and Planet Hollywood as well. However, those buffets do not compare to Caesar's Palace in taste. We had to pay an extra $15 per visit to get into Caesar's Bacchanal Buffet, but it was worth the money.. . Once you get in, it seemed fairly roomy and not so crowded. You would expect the restaurant to be packed inside, but the layout of the tables are fairly spread out for a comfortable dining experience. The ambiance consisted of modern decor with light colors.. . Inside, you will find a line to reach the crab legs as well and a line next to it for the  steak, ham, pork chop. These are the seafood and American kitchens. No other kitchens had a major line.. . The food was really authentic. I mean you had Japanese chefs working the sushi bar, Chinese chefs working the wok, Italians baking their lasagna, and Mexicans doing their thing... I think that's about as authentic as you can get. . . My recommendations include the crab legs, pork chops, scallop mashed potatoes, miso soup, and the quality selection of gelato.
Timed this to hit breakfast and lunch, clearly a good choice! Breakfast was incredible, so much to choose from. The biscuits and gravy was delicious,  great bacon options, fresh fruit, shrimp and grits, waffles, fried chicken, crepes, muffins, eggs- good lord looks like I ate alot. Oh wait, I did! 6 plates. Why? Because I was on vacation and wasn't eating until 7:30pm that night!. For the lunch portion, I had some sushi (could have been a better variety), miso soup, tried some new Asian dishes Id never had and loved!  Nothing I tried was gross and I the dessert was great too, cobbler. . Did I mention the fresh orange juice and the service was great, never had to wait for a refill. . This place is a dream and the best $25 spent :)
Oooooh my.. words cannot describe the love I have for Bacchanal Buffet. . . Upon walking into the buffet I felt like I was transported into a modern, chic version of food heaven. I honestly could not look around without my mouth watering from the vast choices and options I had in front of me.. . -Feeling like seafood? You can indulge yourself in the mountain of crab legs they offer. (Be sure you give the shrimp some love too!). . -Not feeling crabby? Their carving station offers a variety of perfectly cooked meats from prime rib to brisket. . . -Maybe you're looking to travel around the world? If that's the case, Bacchanal offers Mexican, Asian, and Italian food that will definitely keep you coming back for more.. . -Maybe you're looking to satisfy your sweet tooth.. Well don't worry, the dessert option is plentiful and just as delicious as everything else this place has to offer. I mean, any place that has chocolate covered strawberries automatically earns an extra star from me. . . If all of this wasn't enough to convince you, I first went to Bacchanal for dinner and came back the next day for lunch. That's how good it was.
"The $17,000,000 Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace offers a feast that boasts more than 500 options and may well take the ongoing battle of Las Vegas buffets to a new level. Bacchanal Buffet premiered on September 11th after a complete wall-to-wall renovation from the previous Lago Buffet and will likely become a culinary mainstay like the Carnival World Buffet, which opened over two decades ago." - Chris Rauschnot, The Huffington Post. . So good ol' rich Caesar decided he was bored of his crapLago Buffet [finally] and decided to do something with his endless stack of pure and unadulterated cash to fix the main culinary mess in his own backyard. Although having expected much less, pumping $17 million just means that from launch and to a certain extent of time...this buffet is going to be - for lack of better words - G.R.E.A.T. But this article also mentions the Carnival World Buffet (by the way, is no longer that great...) as a parallel, which serves one main point...this place will only be good for "so long". SO GET YOUR GLUTTON ARSE OVER HERE QUICK...while it is still this freaking G.R.E.A.T.. . Service is great as the staff definitely display their enthusiasm to work at the "best buffet" in Vegas (loved how the cashier reiterated that to us SEVERAL times). Need refills? It comes automatically. Need your plates to disappear? No, you don't need to chuck it under the table...they efficiently disappear on their own - even if you're a speedy little punk like me (gone and back within a minute with another full plate).. . So after coming here several times for both lunch and dinner, I would recommend lunch if you don't want to break your wallet since the difference between both meals is minimal. If you have the 24-hour-Buffet pass, please note that you'll need to pay an extra $16'ish bucks per entry.. . Summary of my main LIKES (this is what I come here for):. . - EVERYTHING AT THE CARVING STATION: really tender and juicy prime rib, fall off the bone baby back ribs, luscious lamb chops, sausages and more!. - Steamed crab legs. - Fresh raw oysters: one of few times I would recommend RAW oysters at a buffet (additional Japanese version at dinner). - GIANT cocktail shrimps...holy crap, these are the 5-8/lb types!. - Ginseng chicken soup and Chinese BBQ (especially the char siew...gives Sam Woo a run for its money - now that's something). - Cheese and prosciutto section (used these on my salads). - Bottled fruit juices (lunch only). - DESSERTS: non-sweetened desserts such as the cheesecake was a plus for me!. . Caesar made the right decision with his "back-anal" (bacch-anal) investment and is definitely raking in the profits once again to Rome. . . I definitely RECOMMEND this Vegas buffet (for now - before it eventually ends up like Carnival World Buffet)!
Absolutely amazing!!! The best buffet I have ever been to! The sweet potatoe tater tots, and the blood orange gelato were my favorite! If your in Vegas this is a must!
Many complaints here are about the wait----we got in line around 2 something on Saturday during Thanksgiving weekend.  We had the "buffet of buffet pass," which was $50 (normally $45---I think the price was higher during the Holiday).  The wait was about 1 hour & we paid $15 per person upgrade for this buffet.. . Here is what I tasted:. Sushi: had many choices, taste like REAL sushi from a legit sushi place, the shrimp tempura roll was my favorite. . Potstickers:  really good. . *some other thing that looked like a potsticker, but in a small metal container: not sure of the actual name (obviously), but I noticed people were taking these like crazy.  This was better than the potstickers.. . Sweet & sour soup: really good, better tasting than the one I usually get from "Pinoy Pinay" Filipino restaurant. . Prime Rib:  Picked this up at the carving station when I thought I was in line for the seafood (wrong line).  This was delish!. . Crab legs: It's not like other buffets, where the waiter puts the legs out and the first person in line at that time takes all the good legs on two plates and leaves nothing for the rest.  You give them a clean plate (1 plate allowed per person) and they serve everyone the same amount of warm crab  legs.  These were the best I have tasted at any seafood buffet.  At one point, they ran out and said the wait was 20 minutes.  ummm this seems too long & shouldn't happen if you waited in line 3-4 hours outside like some people have said.  I only got one serving of this, because I started eating other things & was full by the time the crab legs were ready again.. . Oysters: o.k. (not a big fan).  They ran out of this (or some other thing) while we were in line and there were only about 5 in the back & no thongs.  I got 2-3 with my hand, but the server got mad when he saw my husband getting them with his hands.  The server told my husband something about using the thongs & not your hands, & my husband said, "Oh, I'm sorry.  There weren't any thongs out here."  The server was a little rude and said to ask for the thongs next time.  Ummmm aren't they supposed to check for these things and make sure they are there?  Another thing: I noticed the servers get pissed when you are grabbing items as they are laying them out.  The person in front of me started to grab items as the server was replacing them, so I did the same thing when it was my turn.  I could tell the server was pissed and quickly took the thongs away, so that the next person wouldn't grab anything until he was done laying them out.  Maybe this is why there are missing thongs & people grab stuff with their hands!. . Creme Brulee: one of the best I have tasted. . Flan: my husband really liked this. . Gelato: skip the baklava flavor, watermelon mint was awesome. . I would go back again with my buffet of buffet pass, but wouldn't pay the regular price & wait in line 3-4 hours.  We were inside about 2 hours & I've heard others say that they stay inside about 4 hours.  Try going BEFORE the peak hours.
Ayant deja fait l'experience de plusieurs buffets lors de mon precedent sejour dans cette ville de folie, je ne m'imaginais pas la quitter cette annee sans retenter l'experience d'une orgie de nourriture !. . C'est par hasard en lisant un depliant que nous avons appris l'ouverture  un mois avant notre arrivee d'un nouveau buffet au Ceasars Palace (juste en face de notre hotel donc), le descriptif vantant la cuisine raffinee et la decoration moderne avait finir de nous convaincre, cette annee ce serait celui-ci !. . Premiere impression : le descriptif ne mentait pas la decoration est moderne et assez classe, c'est tres lumineux et agreable et le service est tout a fait en accord avec le lieu !. . Une fois la note payee, c'est parti pour un festival de nourriture avec des associations dans l'assiette assez improbables... c'est ca de vouloir gouter un peu a tout ! . Missions toutefois impossible tant l'offre est pantagruelique, pas moins de 9 stations proposant un eventail de toute les cuisines du monde.. . Je ne vais pas vous decrire tout ce que nous avons goute mais les oeufs brouilles etaient excellents (fait assez rare), les french toasts avec cereales tres sympas, et le mini burger l'un des meilleurs de tout le sejour !!!. Meme le cafe passe bien, et ca ce n'est vraiment pas courant !. . Beaucoup de plats sont proposes sous la forme de petites portions individuelles, non seulement c'est assez agreable a l'oeil mais en plus ca evite d'avoir les yeux plus gros que les ventre en se servant et ca permet de gouter facilement a plus de choses. . Bon apres le sale et apres avoir deja goute 4-5 desserts, je decide de me calmer un peu et de finir sur une note rafraichissante, direction le bar a glaces !. Ce sera donc "figue balsamique" : original et bon, et surtout pour finir en apotheose "Mango chile lime" et alors la ca envoie du tres lourd, tout est bien la piment y compris !!!. . Petite astuce : comme dans de nombreux buffets a Las Vegas, si vous venez un peu avant la fin du breakfast, vous pourrez profiter de la fin du breakfast et du lunch en ne payant que le breakfast qui est moins cher (mais pas d'inquietude tout le monde est au courant !)
Believe the hype. . . We waited in line for about half an hour....paid and got seated before too long. Then came the feasting that began at the Asian section and ended with the seafood section.  I can't remember it all, it was a blur from buffet line to table and back to line. Dear reader, please appreciate that my wife and her sister cannot stop talking, but for the duration of the meal they were too busy conversing with their plates to talk with each other. Silent it was, yet the waiter was afraid to put his hands near  our table, lest he get caught up in the carnage and devoured before anyone noticed. . . Yeah. It was like that. . . I was amused by the carving station. I was in line when they brought out a piece of pork loin, and watched it fall apart tenderly when it was paid on the carving table. An audible murmur went through the line like they were watching some kind of magic show. . . Now that you've had your fill...make your way over to the desert station! Deep dish chocolate chip cookies? How about apple cobbler?  How about watermelon mint ice cream on a hazelnut coated cone? . . Its pricey. There is a possibility you'll be made to wait a while. So what, its worth it to me.
ok so i really enjoyed my overall experience at the Bacchanal Buffet. i came with a large group of 12 people and to avoid waiting in line, we showed up early...like 4pm on a saturday for dinner early haha. it was so worth it though b/c our total wait time was maybe only 15-20 minutes. we were totally prepared to buy the front of line pass for $15, but def wasnt worth it for such a short wait. $49.99 for dinner didnt seem outrageous for me considering other hotel buffets are around the same price point.. . onto the food...i pretty much enjoyed everything i tried. big hits for me were the prime rib, shrimp cocktail, crab legs, lamb chop, ramen, gelato, and macarons. i really enjoyed all the variety of food available at this buffet...i just wish that i had a bigger stomach so i could have had a little bit of all the food haha. asian, italian, seafood, carving station, mexican - it all looked so good! service was spot on for our large party too. our plates were constantly cleared and there was never a big pile of dishes at our table. drinks were also consistently refilled and i really enjoyed the coffee haha. even though they had already added an automatic 18% gratuity for our large party, the servers and busboys were on top of things. def my current fave buffet in vegas right now!
Pre-visit to Vegas, I had my heart set on finally eating at Wicked Spoon. My friends however, heard about the amazing new Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace - recently renovated and bomb food. Why have I not heard about this such buffet? The Yelper in me was disappointed in meself.. . My girls and I stopped by on a Saturday around 1:30pm, waited on the line and got in just after 2pm. Total damage per person came out to ~$54. What the what? $50 pp for a lunch?! Luckily, my money savvy friend asked the cashier and found out that $50 included bottomless mimosas. Ohhhh. Yessss.. . The interior of the buffet is refreshing and neat. There are three separate sections that have three distinct decoration themes. Our party of 10 was given a choice to sit near the food or a bit further away in our own little private seating area. Private seating area it is - VIP baby! Our seating area was perrrrrrrf, save for the clear tiles separating us and the hallway next to the buffet where a ton of drooling patrons, wandering babies, and people judging us, walked by the entire 3 hours we were there (it's a 2 hr max btw, but they aren't super stingy).. . Our waitress came out the moment we sat down and got our orders for 10 mimosa, OJ, apple juice, and waters out ASAP. She was super sweet and patient, always clearing our dishes without fail and juggling our needy orders - 18% gratuity well deserved. The only thing she did incorrectly was take away a friend's plate before she was finished - including her utensils! I'd liken that to a blessing in disguise since my friend was able to fit some other things in her tummy ;). . Now let's get dizzown to bizznazz - how was the food? How about... everything we ate was spectacular? Surriously, not a single thing offered a "meh" out of anyone's mouth. . . - The buffet starts off with an amazing seafood spread of cold or hot crab legs, mussels, and oysters (we sat down at 2pm, dinner started at 3pm, so we got the best of both worlds for a lower price!). . . - Next came the little metal carts of fried food! Potato cakes garnered approval from much of the group. I especially LOVED the fried chicken, HOW DO THEY KEEP IT SO DANG JUICY?! Mmmm. . . - Then you will come upon the glorious meat station!!!!!! There was a line for this station the entire time we were there, but it moves semi-quickly. Woulda moved quicker if the people at the station weren't so busy hamming it up with the meat man! Alas, I'm guilty of this myself...but the dude hooked it UP with the fattiest piece of delicious smoky brisket and rarest part of the prime rib there was. Don't be hatin' ;) Pick up a wagyu slider on your way back and let that all dat meat melt in yo' mouth (that's what she said!). . - Following the meat station is the Mexican, Italian, Charcuterie, Japanese, and Chinese stations. Highlights from the above include the pulled pork from the Mexican station, tuna poke from the Japanese station, and the meatballs from the Italian station. Om freaking nom.. . - Dessert station was so abundant with selections I didn't even know where to begin. I picked up a banana and a pistachio souffle STRAIGHT out of the oven, chocolate covered strawberries, and some toffee ice cream to wash that ish down.. . To be honest, the food was so dang good that I didn't even TOUCH my mimosa for fear of getting too full from the bubbles. This is coming from an alcoholic. Legit! . . The food was so dang good that my friend would not stop stuffing herself, despite being in so much pain, and ended up peeing, pooing, and puking herself in the bathroom. . . The food was so dang good that my feet fell asleep while sitting on the toilet later. TMI? ;). . I don't even want to TRY Wicked Spoon now that Bacchanal has stolen my heart. I will never cheat on you and your scrumptious ways - promise!
The list of Vegas buffets that I have been to is kind of embarrassingly long. I swear, I am not THAT much of a glutton. In my defense, we've had a number of visitors over the past year and they almost always want to experience a strip buffet so we usually add it to the list of attractions as we are playing tour guide. And I was a frequent tourist to Vegas myself back before I lived here, and so like any good little tourist I had to check out the buffets.. . But really, overall, there is just something about the ridiculous opulence and over-the-top decadence of a fancy mega buffet that appeals to me. I don't have to stuff myself to get my money's worth! It's just fun to experience.. . So, anyway, Bacchanal is the best buffet on the strip- yes, better than Wicked Spoon, its chief rival at this point. Yes there are crazy long lines (but wait! If you are willing to pay for convenience, you can skip the line for $15/person, a bargain when everyone is waiting 2+ hours to get in!) and it is a tad pricey but it is worth the cost. There are so many dishes to choose from and just about everything is delicious (with a few exceptions; for example, I would avoid the sushi station). The small individual portions are 1. cute, 2. more hygienic than a big communal pile and 3. allow you to sample more things before feeling too full! It is a little annoying having to juggle all of the tiny plates but I like the concept.. . The seafood station is pretty great with piles and piles of crab. They have awesome mac 'n' cheese and the most fantastic little mini burgers that are packed with flavor. Lots of tasty potato-y sides (truffled scallop potatoes, potato pancakes, tater tots), delicious fried chicken, good pasta, an awesome watermelon-feta salad... good meats, and AWESOME desserts. SAVE ROOM for dessert; they have baklava gelato! And Aztec chocolate and a ridiculous pile of other awesome flavors. There are cookie and candy jars, little mini cakes, souffles straight out of the oven.. . Anyway, from now on I will be taking visitors here as the example of BEST Vegas buffet. The dining room is snazzy, the food is great and there is plenty of it and it displays the kind of (yes) bacchanalian opulence you can only find here. Awesome!
BEST. BUFFET. YET.. . Wynn was always my favorite just because of their quality. M was delicious because of their quantity + price. But Bucchanal...I think tops both of these. We were the smart people who got in line around 1:45 pm and paid around 2:50...just in time to pay for lunch but get dinner food! We live such a dangerous life, don't we? . We did have a party over 6 people, so they charged us 18% tip. (Total was $36. My friends went for dinner, and with the 18% gratuity, it was like $51.) I don't really see the need to tip at buffets more than a few bucks, but what can we do.... . I think one reason I really loved this buffet was because of the ASIAN FOOD. Living away from home really makes me crave this! They had miso soup, hot and sour soup, and black chicken soup. They had sushi, PEKING DUCK, and other general asian dishes. The peking duck was sweet and delicious. I ate enough of that to pay for my meal.. . They ran out of salmon at one point, and one of the chefs, after asking what I was waiting for, went to go get me some. How sweet!! Plus points for great service.. . They also have a ton of seafood including crab legs and oysters. All of my friends got their money's worth eating that. . . They had rib eye steak, fresh-made tacos, fresh fruit, lamb chops, amazing desserts including innovative ice cream flavors, and an all-around great selection of food. . . DEFINITELY RECOMMEND.
Seriously, this is THE best buffet in Las Vegas.  We went on a weekday and paid $48.64 per person for dinner.  I know people like the buffets at the Bellagio and the Wynn but their quality has seriously gone downhill -- for those who remember how good they used to be.  Bacchanal has so much food that your head will spin!  When you first get there, you'll wonder when the line of food will end because it seems to go on forever.  I loved the shrimp cocktail because they were gigantic and the crab legs were good.  I didn't, however, like the oysters there because they tasted rotten and smelled funky.  I regretted grabbing a plateful after getting excited that they had raw oysters but I finished them anyway because I didn't want to waste the food.  If you get a chance, try their lobster chowder!  I loveddd it!. . One thing that I did notice is that some of the food at Bacchanal is very ... ethnic and not for the newbies.  For example, they serve a Chinese soup in this small individual ceramic/clay pot and it is EXTREMELY bitter.  I do not recommend anyone getting that soup unless you've had it before because I know most people won't be able to tolerate that kind of taste.  Also, they serve a mango chili gelato that I thought was very strange.  I mean, I love anything mango but the chili adds a spicy flavor that just didn't work for me.. . Overall, I loved this place and I'd go there again.  I'm glad that I have another buffet to go to, other than the usual Bellagio and Wynn, when it comes to seafood buffets.
Breakfast was amazing and totally worth the $25 to get in. There was no wait when we showed up around 10:20 and breakfast ran into lunch so we got free extras. Beware though, that a long line started to form at 10:35 since I'm sure others had the same idea, but the hostesses were holding people off to pay the lunch fare, which is higher. . . Breakfast was amazing with an Italian, Asian and Mexican buffets, each with their own eggs and potatoes flavored accordingly. The croissants were perfectly flaky- my husband probably had 3 of the chocolate ones. The omelet bar wasn't busy and the cook was fast. There were regular pancakes and french toast, but the best find was the red velvet pancakes which went great with fresh whipped cream and strawberries from the dessert bar. At the Mexican food station, there were several types of salsa, hot sauces, and guacamole for eggs, which I thought was great. The dessert bar was the most impressive that we saw (even better than the Bellagio). There were two ladies ready to make crepes for you and an entire station with fresh fruit and home made shipped cream topping. There was also gelato- several varieties (the Bellagio only has soft serve), mini cupcakes, tiramisu, cookie jars, two types of creme brulee, more danishes for breakfast, lots of sliced fruit, candy, and eclairs. The coffee with breakfast was actually good and there were several types of fresh squeezed juices in individual jars: cucumber, tomato, orange, grapefruit, pineapple, apple, etc. The only area that I ever saw completely out of anything was the juice bar, where they were having trouble keeping the fresh squeezed OJ in stock. Nothing else was ever empty!. . One of the days, we ate breakfast at the restaurant in the lobby at Ceasar's and ran a tab of $62 for 2 orange juices, coffee, pancakes, an omelet, toast (which was $5 extra), and a side of eggs. The buffet is less than $50 and all you can eat so we never went back to a standard restaurant for breakfast. Plus, after you eat at the breakfast buffet, you will skip lunch anyway. Oh also- Ceasar's gets extra points because the ambiance is chic and more relaxing than the Bellagio.
As far as all the buffets I've ever been to, this is the BEST I've ever been to. At $54 pp for dinner, we were skeptical at going to eat there. There was no wait at 9pm but the service wasn't superb. . . There was no wait for crab, meats or anything for that matter. This is one of my favorite experiences from this Vegas trip. Highly recommended!!
Eating at a buffet is all about choices and 500+ items automatically makes it 5 stars and the greatest daily buffet in Vegas history.  If you can't find at least 25 things you enjoy here, you might want to consider seeking professional help.  . . They really excel at a lot of the buffet staples like pizza, sushi, and fried chicken.  A stand alone restaurant could be set up on each of these dishes and they'd average at least a 3 star Yelp rating for sure.  But you gotta love the unique food items like handmade tortillas, lamb chops, ribeye, ramen, kobe sliders and THEN the dessert section good lord!  My advice would be to check that area out first so you have some idea of what you may want to try before going for that 5th plate of Peking duck with a side of pasta.  I am not saying all the food is 4-5 star quality but Bacchanal Buffet is pretty amazing as a whole.  . . Avoid peak hours or try to find a gambling degenerate friend with a 7-star players card to avoid the line completely.  I was there on a Wednesday night at 8pm and the line wasn't long at all.  . . Bravo to Caesars Palace for finally having a buffet worthy of their resort!
=The Facts= . -December 7-9, 2012: "the off season", per our server.. -Friday AND Saturday night 8pm: ~10 people in line, seated in 5 minutes.. -Sunday just before noon: ~75 people in line, seated in under 30 minutes.. . -8pm offered dinner items. . At least 95% repeat items between Fri-Sat-Sun.. -12pm offered 20% breakfast items / 80% dinner. . I say dinner instead of lunch, because they were the same items that we saw at 8pm on our previous visits.. . 95% of the food we tried was, for the lack of a better term, "restaurant quality", opposed to "cafeteria quality". The quality you would expect from your favorite local (insert ethnicity here) eatery that's been in business for 20 years, and not a chain, precooked and packaged after thought.. . There's a battle being waged in Las Vegas, The Battle of the Buffets, and . The Bacchanal is currently winning. I love this trend. As long as the quality of food and price stay in line with each another, and I think they have for the most part,I will continue to look forward to the next contender. . Meanwhile, The Bacchanal Buffet is the place to eat.. . PRO TIP!: If you have the constitution to pull off more than 2 visits in a 24hr span, you will likely benefit from the Buffet of Buffets 24hr Pass. Assuming you go 3 times, the savings equal 'buy two get one free'.
We almost didn't make it to Bacchanal, but we already parked and had some hungry kids on our hands.  To say it was great is an understatement, it was freakin fantastic, so delicious!!!  Everything was fresh, and I loved the way they served the food, fried chicken legs and sweet potato fries in a tiny fry basket, and truffle scalloped potatoes served in a tiny cast iron skillet!  The kids loved the fresh juices, and the deserts were great too!  Sadly they didn't have regular creme brulee, only chocolate, but the pecan bars were to die for!!!
This is the King of Buffets. Or should Isay Emperor.  Caesar's Palace set out to create pure decadence and gluttony and succeeded on so many levels.  Of course the ancient romans had the vomitoriums ( a practice frowned upon in modern day Vegas) and could probably eat much more than we can.  I don't even mind the price or the long lines. Realistically, to get the same quality food for dinner you would pay as much if not more per person and have far less food. Here is the best tip ever.  If you want to pay only 27 dollars per person and have almost no line, do midweek lunch.  You will miss the fresh crab legs and a few carving choices but the rest of the food is amazing from the lobster bisque and clam chowder, shrimp and grits, fresh Italian meat choices, Wagyu Beef sliders that are the best sliders I have ever tasted.  The waitresses are pleasant but the best staff members are those behind the counter making the food and explaining it to the customers.  Don't be afraid to ask.. . My favorites are:. . Italian Meats - 7 varieties of salami, proscuitto, etc.  The cheese selection is a little thin and could use a soft cheese choice.. . The oriental duck and pork - right next to the sushi. (BTW yesterday I had some amazing shrimp tempura sushi.). . Wagyu Beef Sliders and Sweet Potato Tots.. . Chicken Wings. . Lobster Bisque and Clam Chowder. . Shrimp Gritz. . Paella. . Specialty sausage. . Slab bacon. (don't ask, just try it. And don't worry about the calories).. . The desert bar is a treat of its own with amazing gelato flavors and a seemingly endless variety of chocolate delights.  They have watermelon mint, sour cherry, spicy chocolate, etc.. . For dinner they have king crab legs made right in front of you, more meat variety including Lamb and Veal, and well, more food.. . This is the finest buffet in Vegas and in my top 10 of Vegas dining must goes.
Really, I'm not one for hyperbole, but believe the hype.  Caesars' Bacchanal Buffet is THE BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS (and perhaps the world based on the United Nations of diners eating or queued up in line waiting to get in)!  After our aborted attempt to have our Thanksgiving dinner at Bacchanal Buffet, my parents, the gf and I went there for brunch on a Friday late-morning/early afternoon.  The line to get in was very long, but moved reasonably fast and we were seated after a 40-minute wait.  Since it was a holiday weekend, diners were limited to two hour stay...not that I could eat for two hours without bursting a la Mr. Creosote in Monty Python's The Meaning of Life.. . The dining room is modern, bright, but not as large as you'd expect.  The dominant, and most important, features are the long, multi-station buffet line that runs along the exterior and the dessert buffet station in the center of the dining room.  What makes Bacchanal Buffet stand out is that the quality and execution of food on the buffet line is amazingly high especially when you consider the sheer volume of food being prepared.  The ingredients are exceedingly fresh and incorporated into items that are made fresh daily, if not continually.  While you certainly pay a price ($44 for brunch, $50 for dinner), Bacchanal Buffet doesn't cut corners in terms of diversity of selection and gross quantity on the its buffet line. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=XF8wOzssRcIpzTJkOIa5fQ#ewLgq_cCjrvvVHePLFtF8g http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=XF8wOzssRcIpzTJkOIa5fQ#O3vEnr2Kj_GXz0BlOpYOmg http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=XF8wOzssRcIpzTJkOIa5fQ#4c_IwHr_y8XjodmKWJ41HA http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=XF8wOzssRcIpzTJkOIa5fQ#RZ7vhOqOXm6qqhc9qiS2_A http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=XF8wOzssRcIpzTJkOIa5fQ#J91YSDvd5u6qEGdnwDbjZw Since we were there before 1 pm, the buffet offered breakfast items such as made-to-order omelets and crepes.  I passed on breakfast and sampled liberally from the Asian, Italian, Mexican, and seafood selections.  Dim sum?  Check!  Sushi?  Check!  Pho, ramen, or udon?  Check, check, and Check!  Charcuterie and cheeses?  Check!  Grilled and roasted meats?  Check!  Food highlights:  the Posole Rojo, which was nicely seasoned spicy; the Machaca con Salsa; the meaty Alaskan King Crab Legs warmed upon request; the chilled, peeled shrimp; Sticky Rice wrapped in a lotus leaf; and what appeared to be a very tasty interpretation of Xiao Long Bao, a broth-filled dumpling.  . . The Bacchanal Buffet epitomizes American (and Vegas) excess...in a good way.  While I certainly won't confuse it with a fine dining experience, the food is better than the majority of restaurants on the Strip.  Is it too much of a good thing?  Probably, but what goes in your belly in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
All I can really say is WOW. We never go to buffets but after seeing all the reviews I had to try this place. I was very impressed. The food was great and the staff was excellent. I really couldn't have been more pleased from the crab legs to the hand carved slab bacon and unlimited champagne it was a awesome brunch (and a great deal too).
Came in at the perfect time.  You know - at the end of breakfast, but at the beginning of brunch.  There wasn't a wait to get in at that time and I was able to have a little bit of breakfast and lunch.  Worked out well.   I have to say that this is the best buffet in Vegas.   . . Though the buffet is smaller than some of the other top buffets, they make up for it in quality.  Like Wicked Spoon, they offer a la carte portions.  I love that - it's clean, individually portioned, and you get buffet items you'd expect on full restaurant menus.. . They won me over when I saw red velvet pancakes and monte cristo sandwiches for breakfast.  And they surprised me when I saw taiwanese breakfast offerings and pretty solid XLB and hargow dumplings.  My favorite breakfast item was their Croque Madame which had a perfectly over-medium egg in the middle of the sandwich.  My buddy, a tough critic, thought that the eggs benedict was perfect.. . For lunch, loved their shrimp cocktail, their ceviche bar and gaspacho.  They also had a taco bar where they freshly cooked carne asada and al pastor.  And they had a full guac/salsa bar.  It was definitely good.  But the star of the show was their meat station.  They offered prime rib, st louis ribs, and beef brisket.  The ribs were tough and dry - didn't recommend it.  But I requested my brisket extra fatty and the guy behind the counter lit up like my Christmas tree.  He gave me some great burnt ends and it was just some great meat.  I really enjoyed my brisket here.. . While I love entrees, my heart is always reserved for dessert. They definitely had a few solid offerings.  They have some fancy looking chocolate, they have creme brulee, I really liked their praline tarts, they had a crepe station, and a gelato bar.  My favorite gelato was their baklava gelato.  Pretty solid.  It didn't beat the Thai Tea gelato I had at Wicked Spoon the night before.  And I can't say that the dessert was better than the Bellagio buffet.  But overall..I thought that the quality entrees made this buffet stand out above its competitors.
Buffet-Restaurants haben fast alle Hotels in Las Vegas. Im teuren Vegas eine Moglichkeit, gut und gunstig zu essen. Als Fruhstucks-, Lunch- oder Dinnerbuffet. Wir haben die Opulenz des Bacchanal im Caesars Palace (http://www.qype.com/place/155631-Caesars-Palace-Las-Vegas) genossen. Ein Traum in jeder Hinsicht!.  (Siehe Foto unten) (Siehe Foto unten) . Im altehrwurdigen Caesars Palace mit seinen alten Romern hebt sich das Bacchanal Buffet-Restaurant vollig romfrei ab. Nichts erinnert hier an die Historie, dieses Restaurant ist topmodern, klar gegliedert, weitlaufig, hell, gestylt.. Wer hier fruhstuckt, sollte sich einen Block mitbringen und dann in aller Ruhe die diversen Tresen ablaufen, Notizen machen, Reihenfolgen festlegen, seinen Hunger- und Appetitstatus sorgfaltig analysieren und sich dann hineinsturzen in ein lukullisches Abenteuer.. Wer mochte, kann hier das groe Fressen beginnen. Die Vielfalt ist unbegrenzt, alles, wirklich alles wird angeboten. Das geht weit, weit uber das ubliche eines Fruhstuckes hinaus. Ich erspare mir Einzelheiten, denn es gibt nichts, was es nicht gibt. Warm, kalt, su, sauer, westlich, ostlich, japanisch, thailandisch, franzosisch . Wer es sich hier zur Fruhstuckszeit  die erfreulicherweise bis fast zur Mittagszeit geht  gut gehen lasst, der braucht sich fur den Rest des Tages keine Essensgedanken mehr machen. . Der Kaffee oder Tee wird regelmaig nachgeschenkt, die Safte auf Wunsch ebenfalls. Vanessa unsere Bedienung gab sich alle Muhe, uns den Start in den Tag zu angenehm wie moglich zu machen. Naturlich war es fur uns dann eine Freude, das hier ublich hohe Trinkgeld flieen zu lassen.. Die Tische stehen nicht zu nahe beieinander, so dass man durch den Nachbarn beim Gesprach nicht gestort wird. Fur die japanischen Gaste stehen auch Rundtische zur Verfugung. Und man kann sich wirklich Zeit lassen, im Gegensatz zu a-la-carte Restaurants wird man hier nicht  wie so oft in den USA  mit dem letzten Bissen freundlich hinaus komplimentiert.. Das Restaurant ist selbstverstandlich fur jeden zuganglich, nicht nur fur Hotelgaste. Und der Preis ist fur alle gleich (und fur alles, was man in sich hineinstopft): $ 21,99 + Tax = $ 23,77. Das sind bei heutigen Kursen ca. EUR 18 !! Hier passt der Begriff Schnappchen. . Fazit: Buffet-Essen in LV ist eine uneingeschrankte Empfehlung. Hier im Bacchanal stimmte einfach alles. Wenn alles stimmt und schmeckt sind funf Sterne angebracht.
I decided to come to this buffet because it is one of the newest buffets, and is supposedly chef-run so that the dishes are all made to perfection.  I had very high expectations when coming to this buffet, and needless to say, I was still blown away by the quality and variety of food.. . Seafood:. - Crab legs were very fresh, and can be prepared warm (steamed for you on the spot). It was not as sweet and fresh as Bellagio buffet crab legs though.  I haven't been to Bellagio buffet in a while so this difference may just be a seasonal difference.. - Shrimp cocktail was also incredibly sweet and fresh.  The shrimp were large and crispy. They were all very well cleaned and deshelled.. - Oyster shooters were another highlight of the meal! The sweet and tangy tomato juice/sauce with the very sweet oyster in a shot glass was brilliant! I found that the oysters in the shooters were sweeter and less metallic tasting than the oysters that were served freshly shucked.. - Various fish. . Asian:. - Blackened chicken ginseng soup was not actually prepared with blackened chicken but was still amazing. Ginseng is really expensive, and on top of that the soup had dried scallops in it.  It was very high quality soup, and I was impressed by how much they were willing to spend on food cost to make such good soup! . - Sushi was not particularly good. I'm very picky about my sashimi fish.  They had a very limited range of fish, and nothing was served just as sashimi.  I recall Bellagio buffet as being superior in terms of raw fish.. - Xiao Long Bao (steamed little dragon buns) were seriously legit.  Very thin dumpling skin, and the filling was perfectly flavored.  Each bun was perfectly sealed so the juices were retained perfectly in each little dumpling pocket.. . Carving area:. - Wicked spoon prime rib was better.. - I ate too much seafood to stuff down that much red meat.. . Desserts:. - Who can forget about desserts? I was so impressed by the variety of desserts! People say that Wynn is known for their dessert bar, but I would say that this buffet's desserts surpass those of Wynn.. - Crepe bar. OMG. The crepe was so thin and the edges were made perfectly crispy. They provide fresh berries, various sauces, and whipped cream.. - Gelato bar. Very good flavors, but some of the fruity flavors were diluted down and lost the creaminess. Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan had better gelato.. - Souffle: the pistachio flavored souffle was interesting but too moist. - Creme Brule: perfect  I wish it were served warm though.. - Macarons: It was my first time trying a macaron and it was really good! I still don't get why macarons are so expensive though... . . Other information:. - There were lots of other choices but I filled myself on the expensive stuff (seafood, etc). There was an American, Italian, and Mexican food bar.. - All items are served in individual portions, which help to maintain cleanliness and presentation of the food.. - The line was very long on Thanksgiving Day (2 hours around noon), but very much worth it.. - $44.99/person for "brunch" that holiday weekend.  We got in right before they switched to dinner menu (which would have been $50/person).  If you are too rich and can't think of other ways to spend your money, you can pay $20 to skip the line.
After 360 reviews, there is not much I can add.. . THIS WAS THE BEST BUFFET I HAVE EVER BEEN TO !!!!. . If I lived in Vegas & I was rich, I would eat here every day !!!. . What are those heavenly soft chocolate lollypop things ???  Sooo Yummy !!!
Tried three buffets in Vegas. This was the best of three by far. The other two were at Wynn and balleys. . . Pros: . Great variety of good food. . Very nice ambiance.. Great staff. . Quality preparation. . All food is very accessible. . Lots of meats. . . Cons. . Price
Ok first of all this 5 star system really irks me sometimes, because in all honesty I would give this place a 4.5. It is by far one of the best buffets I have tried in Vegas (next to the Wynn Buffet) but not the best food ever! However, I am leaning more towards the 5.. . Their selection is AMAZING. Things that were really delicious are listed below:. - Lamp chops. Okay first of all, I am not really into lamb but their lamb chops did not taste game-y at all. AMAZING.. - Buffalo wings. Ok seriously delicious, in a perfectly portioned 2 pieces in a mini bucket (ADORBS). - Pretty much any potato thing you could think of, all were SO GOOD: mashed potatoes, sweet potato fries (came with fried chicken), potato skins, potato wedges.. and probably more. - Fried chicken. . - Oysters. I'm not a big oyster fan but these were GOOD and very very fresh!. - Seaweed salad . - Korean short ribs. - DESSERT!!!! Almost every dessert I tried was good, which is embarassing because I tried alot. This deserves its own list below. . Desserts:. - Tiramisu (reminds me of that of Portos in Glendale. So good!!). - Cheescake pops (not too overwhelming like many other cake pops I have tried). - Creme Brulee (I'm a chocolate person, and these were pretty damn good). - Crepe bar (I just about screamed when I saw this. lol Pretty good I was too full to eat the entire thing). - Mini chocolate cupcake (very good). The dessert bar was my favorite part n_n. . Things I found mediocre:. - Prime rib. I have come to the conclusion that if you want good prime rib, cook it yourself or go to a prime rib joint. . - The asian selections (minus that which was mentioned above). - Crab legs are better at the Wynn. . . All in all, I would say Bacchanal and the Wynn are my favorite Vegas buffets. Wicked Spoon is right below. I guess it depends on what you're looking for. . . The line for Bacchanal was insane, on a 4 pm Saturday afternoon... It's nice because you can pay $20 extra for an express pass to skip the line. Don't come at dinner time (6 ish) because when we left the line probably had a few hundred people.
Wow.. . I got to visit this buffet during one of my work related lunches, and I... I just didn't know.  I JUST DIDN'T KNOW!. . Buffets are a dime a dozen here in Vegas.  Some of great.  Delicious, in fact.  And some are like eating the dollar "value" aisle from the grocery store.  Bacchanal Buffet is incredible.  In fact, I'll go on record in saying that it's the best buffet that I've had here in Vegas.. . The food choices are more diverse and plentiful.  They had some surprisingly exotic foods to sample here.  Not too many buffets here serve quail eggs, for one.  But the more standard beef, chicken, seafood fare was all excellently prepared, and stylishly done.. . The buffet itself has a nice, modern, low-key vibe to it.  Everything is very clean and minimalistic in style, but it's very nice in presentation.  The staff was very accommodating, and quick to meet any need.. . And then the desserts.  Holy cow.  It's like strolling into the "previews" section of Willy Wonka's factory.  I'm not a huge dessert enthusiast per se, but everything is presented is such an eye tantalizing way that I had to sample a few of these exotic treats.  Being full, they proved to be my undoing, and I had to call "Full", but man, was it a wonderful, yet brief, journey.. . Is Bacchanal Buffet worth the hype?  Yes.  It's a bit pricey, but "you get what you pay for", and what you get can be greater than what you expected.. . Well worth a meal here.  It's delicious.
Favorite buffet in Vegas. Ice cream, crepes, king crab... Need you ask for more? Love the stations that are culturally sensitive, LOVE the soups. Just wow. I get this every time I'm in town. Week days are cheaper but about $44 on the weekend.
A lot of selections...I love the desserts and fresh juice...Overall, I have a great experience there. The line wasn't too long when I was there. Only downside was that they limited 2 hours for holiday season, but it wasn't too big of a deal. I was full by the time.
By far, this is one of the best upscale buffet in Las Vegas. Fresh steamed lobsters, cocktail shrimp that is so juicy and succulent, fresh oysters, and arrays of gourmet brunches that are just completely worth every single penny. The line was long during the holiday season but it moved up pretty quickly. Service is excellent, awesome decor and we all had an excellent time. . . I'll definitely return soon!
The food was so delicious. It's the best buffet I had in Vegas. Will come again next time.
Still the best joint on the list of the Buffet of Buffets 24 hourr AYCE pass.. . I came here for Christmas Eve dinner and waited 3.5 hours to get in. That is on the top of my list of the most ridiculous sh*t I've done in 2012.DON'T JUDGE ME.. .  Luckily it is a new year and I get to start fresh!
My wife and I ate here on our last night in Vegas. We got there on a Tuesday night an hour and a half before closing and there was no line at all. We walked right up to the cashier, paid and were off. All the food I ate was really good. I had a few plates of pre-cracked King crab legs, some clam chowder, chicken wings, and a whole lot of other stuff. It was really good and I would have eaten more, I was just not feeling well the second half of the day. We will definitely come back the next time in town.
amazing! the service could be better and the line is insanely long, but it's well worth it. the food is delicious and the selection is incredible. cannot wait to return!. . the desserts are the best of the best.
It's the other buffet I go to on the strip other than wicked spoon. It's a bit pricey, $50 a person at night, and there's always a line. However it's worth the wait, the seafood was fresh, with crab legs, raw oysters, and clam bakes. The meat on the otherhand was a little disappointing, everything but the prime rib and ribs were dry and unappetizing. They serve  wagyu beef sliders, Mexican (pozole, rice, beans), Italian (meatballs, rigatoni), Antipasto, Japanese (sushi and udon), and Chinese food (dim sum and black chicken soup). If you're a dessert person you should come here, very similar to wicked spoon, but more variety. They even have mochi gelato, my favorite! I ate my worth by eating all the macarons and mochi ice cream, and anything on the dessert section like the candies in the jar can be eaten, not just for decor. It might be better to save your appetite for the prime rib and crab legs.
It was New Year's Day about 5 pm. I was worry about 4-6 hour wait but lucky me it turn out to only be an 48 min wait from start until I sat down at my table. I was very happy about that. This place has food selections for days. Not only there's a large food selection, everything I tried was so flavorful. The presation of the food was Beauiful.. For $50 a person. I think it's worth it. I will return. I hope they will add it back onto the buffet pass for the additional $15..  The only down part to this restaurant was the servers. They were slow at taking your drink orders and clearing plates off your table.
My second dining experience at Bacchanal was just as impressive as my first, but I'm starting to think that the price is a little steep. Breakfast was $26.00 for non TR members ($1 off for TR members). We stayed long enough to chow down on some lunch options as well, but IMHO, $26 for breakfast is a bit steep. The food selection was still very good, but lunch is when the sushi, clams, oysters, prime rib, and all that other good stuff comes out. I'd recommend trying to catch the switch between lunch and breakfast (i think it happens around 11:30). Customizable cooking stations at the buffet included a noodle soup station (ramen, pho, etc), omelet (pasta for lunch), and a crepe dessert station. Other highlights include smoked salmon, sweet potato tater tots, steak and eggs in a skillet, and all the great freshly squeezed juices. Bacchanal is still the best hotel buffet experience on the strip,  and it is worth every penny, but it sure does cost a lot of pennies.
Best buffet in Vegas.  It's what other buffets want to be when they grow up.. . I went on a Saturday around 11 AM.  It was $44.31 with tax, so it's pricey.  But, well worth it.  I have been to all of the major buffets in town (save the M Resort), and this is the best.  There are the standard ethnic stations, but the carving area was massive.  Fantastic meats off the bone and artisan sausages.  The chicken jalapeno was the winner here.  Service was very attentive as well, which is an issue at a lot of buffets.  Our tea and water glasses never were close to empty, and plates were removed very promptly.  . . If any area is lacking, it's the desserts.  This area was standard and not nearly as overwhelming as the main stations.  But, the bacon balsamic sorbet was a definite repeat.. . The best dish I have eaten at ANY buffet was the truffled scalloped potatoes.  I would gladly pay $25 for this dish at a steakhouse.  It was very thinly sliced potatoes and an excellent sauce, combined with excellent truffle flavor.  Had a nice crunchy top.  And, you get your own small portion, something a few buffets here are doing now.  It's a good trend.. . The line went very quickly too, and that's an issue with a lot of places in town.  It was well organized and the employees were smart and courteous.  Definite repeat.
Okay, I can't really say this is the best buffet in Vegas because we went for NY's dinner.  So it was a special dinner.  But as far as best buffet dinner I've had so far?  By far.. . Okay.  NY's was $70/person and it came with endless champagne.. . The food was amazing though.  Lobster.  THey kind of ruined it with some spinich or mushroom cream sauce crap.  Come on, leave my lobster alone.  Steamed is perfect.  But I scrapped it off.  So it was cool.. . The deli meats were tasty.  The carving station.  Oh god, they have everything.  RIb chop roasts (you get your own rib!), lamb chops, and everything else you would expect.. . The seafood was wonderful.  THe crab legs here are much sweeter and tastier than other buffets.  The oysters were good too.  THey don't use those huge ones that get grainy, but the mid sized ones which are sweeter.. . I would love to try this place again on a regular weekend.
Salmon poke... Omg!!!! Soooooo good... My friend and I had to promise ourselves that we wouldn't come back to get more salmon poke because we didn't pay money to JUST eat that delicious goodness. Everything else was really good but man... That salmon poke... *drooling*. . We waited a little more than an hour to get in but it was totally worth it =)
Amazing buffet. It was my second time eating here yesterday and it did not disappoint. I went with friends in town for dinner so the price on a Sunday was a hefty $55 but it did not disappoint. First time I was here was back in November on a Saturday early noon and the line was about a 20 minute wait. Yesterday, Sunday around 4:30pm there was no wait in line at all, but there was a rush of people whe we concluded our meal. . . On my first trip to this buffet, I had one of the best cooked prime ribs I'd ever had. On my second trip here, I strayed away from that and instead focused more on the seafood.. . Presentation was unlike anything I've seen before. They had tiny little cute buckets of wings or fried chicken pieces with fries. The lasagna was served on a tiny skillet with a decent amount of meat and the sauce, was UNBELIEVABLE. The chef's special was also served on a tiny cute little iron pan and it was a lightly breaded calamari.. . On my first trip, I thought the shrimps were bigger and the king crab legs were small portions and were also very salty. But I realized this was only because it was busier back in November when I went as there was a 5min wait to get the king crabs. This second time around, there was alot less of a wait and I just realized the workers there can serve you warmed up king crab that is dipped in hot water. I got my king crab served this way this time around and they were far less salty and on point and of course, dipped it in the melted butter!! . . In the seafood section I also enjoyed the baked salmon, pan seared halibut, mussels, half shell oysters, corn lobster bisque, the large shrimp, and an amazing oyster shooter! . . Instead of prime rib, I thought I'd try the pork ribs and the lamb chops. The chops were amazing and very juicy! The pork ribs, on the other hand were not so much. . . I was hoping for standing chocolate ice cream but they had one that had cinnamon that I wasn't too big a fan of. . . Overall, this place is highly recommended by me if you have friends in town.
Bacchanal is the new king of buffet in vegas. The selection here is outstanding and authentic, and I can speak for the asian cuisines here. . . The Best Food: BBQ pork, roast duck, tonkatsu ramen, freshly made mexican tacos, XLB. . Seafood: They have king crab on dinners and weekend brunch, and the price $45-50/pp does reflect that. The best way is to get in line at 1pm on a weekday and pay lunch price for the dinner at 3pm. The line is about an hour long so do time it correctly. . . Meats: Prime rib, brisket, bacon, chicken, sausage and lamb racks.  during dinner. I'm not a big meat fan so I thought most of the food was ok.. . Other food worth mentioning: a big salad bar, sides, cook your own pasta bar and sushi. . Stay away from: little wagyu sliders, they were super dry. Most of their chinese stir fry was overly salty. . . Icing on top: Love their freshly squeezed juices, especially the watermelon and orange. And the crepes were amazing as well, you can pick your own toppings, I could eat 4 in one setting if it wasn't so bad for me. Other desserts were ok, the souffle was kind of a let down and didn't have the right consistency at all.. . Bacchanal is much better than Wicked Spoon and the Wynn, but you will pay for more. It's worth the trip if you don't mind lines too much, be prepared to be blown away!
"As good as it gets?"  Dang tootin'!. . Remember your ABC's? (No, not your ABC's from pre-school; I'm talking about the "ABC's" of the "Las Vegas prestiges" as far as the buffets are concerned - Aria; Bellagio; Cosmopolitan).  . . You all know that the holidays can be a real pain in the tail as far as traveling is concerned:  Traffic on the freeway, even traffic off the freeway.  But that didn't stop me from getting what I wanted when I went to Vegas for the second time after I turned 21 five years ago.  Now, onto the "good stuff":. . I heard (and read) from a lot of the media that the Bacchanal Buffet is supposed to be one of the top buffets in Las Vegas with fantastic food for the price.  And you know what?  They were right.  The lines were long (even for the Seven Diamond members), but the food?  No word to describe it.. . Did you know that there was actually a LINE just for the crab legs?  Yeah, it was THAT good!!  Still don't believe me?  Try to grab about 6-7 crab legs on your plate with a lemon wedge and get back to me.  As far as the other types of "cuisines" went for this establishment, the Chinese ginger soup was hot enough to help soothe my throat, and the desserts?  TO DIE FOR!!!  . . As for the others (food-wise)?  Well, you gotta try them first before you say anything. :)
The unquestionable gold standard for Vegas buffets. The line is long, (we went on a Monday night and waited 45 minutes) but the buffet is worth every minute of the wait. Absolutely decadent. Everything you can imagine. I was completely stuffed and then I discovered an entire room of food I hadn't even touched! Next time I go to Vegas I'm not wasting any time with other buffets. I'm gonna park myself at Caesar's Palace and have somebody roll me to my room when I'm done. Great value, great fun. If you only can go to one buffet, go here!
I am very impressed with this new buffet ....modern ambiance with gourmet food. It's prolly $10-15 more than other Harrah's buffets but so worth it!!!!!!
This place is worth the money.. . However, I feel that Wynn's prime rib is still the best.
We came around 4:00pm on a weekday (Thursday). Definitely worth the price we paid for the dinner.  At the time, there was a very small line (it gets busy once it hits 6:00pm), so we were seated right away.. . Here are the highlights (in my opinion):. . Wagyu slider - I recommend it! Wagyu (Japanese or not) is moderately expensive, and getting this was something I just had to get. It was pretty good, but some of them were a bit overcooked.. . Fresh pineapples - I had a craving for pineapples and Bacchanal answered.  They had tons of fresh fruit, but I just stayed to sate my pineapple-craving. It was perfectly succulent, juicy, and delicious.. . Crab legs - huge crab legs that are perfectly juicy. They only had the cold version (I heard some buffets have both hot and cold?) when I went here, but I was perfectly fine with that. They serve it plain, and have a small section at the end of the line where you can put whatever sauce you want to go with your crab legs. I just ate my plain.. . Slow roasted prime rib - no buffet should go without a huge slab of prime rib on your plate. . . crepe - they have a crepe station for dessert. This was awesome, I had to visit this place twice.  Someone will make the crepe for you, piping hot, and put it on your plate. Then  in front of the crepe station, you can put whatever ingredients you want to make.  I usually put nutella (addicting stuff), whipped cream, and bananas.  Just do it, it's freakin' delicious.  Or if you want, there's strawberries, caramel, chocolate, etc.  OR! Go next door to the ice cream, get some ice cream, put it on your crepe and just go with that... either way, you can't go wrong!. . watermelon mint sorbet - I think I have a new sorbet fave flavor. Goodbye raspberry, goodbye, strawberry... hello watermelon mint!  It's awesome - it's refreshing. . . peach iced green tea - new favorite beverage. . brie - they had a station dedicated to cheese.  I just had a minor issue as to why the cheese station was nowhere near the bread station? I mean, they had some bread around the corner but nowhere near the actual bread station....It's weird, but whatever, they have brie. . . Ruth is probably one of the best waitress/servers I have ever encountered at a buffet or a sit-down restaurant, EVER!  If you ever meet her, you probably know why, if you haven't... well let me tell you. . . From the first moment we sat in, she was attentive and friendly, with a smile on her face.  She recommended the Peach iced green tea - and you should take her for her word on that non-alcoholic beverage, it's addicting if you love something not too sweet while having something refreshing. It's my new favorite drink!  She also came by frequently to do a light chat while making her rounds from table to table.  She would make a casual recommendation or would tell us her opinion on some of the food that she saw us getting.  . . Overall, this place is one of my top favorite buffets of all time.
I will not give this place -1 star because of the small plastic spoons for dessert.. . 7 million dollar buffet? Caesars I salute you.. . Bacchanal separates themselves with various mini containers of food. For example mini steak and eggs in a mini skillet. These little treasures are not only tasty but all wrap up in a little portion so you don't over eat.. . Highlights:. Shrimp and grits. Crab. Prime Rib. Shrimp. Gelato- Thai Tea, Fig Balsamic, and Brown Ale.. . Do yourself a favor and go early around 9am. No wait, when I left(4 hours later) the line was crazy.
This is the new leader is Vegas buffets!. . There is a nice assortment of Japanese (sushi), chinese, mexican, seafood, etc.  The dessert assortment is also top notch with many flavors of gelato.. . I have experienced most of the buffets in Vegas and these days have been going to Aria and Cosmopolitan but I enjoyed my meal here more than those 2 places.  In prior years I used to head over to the Bellagio, Mirage, Rio's (seafood), Paris, etc.. . I will be back!
I came here about two weeks after their September 12 2012 grand opening . In my opinion it is the best buffet in Las Vegas hands down !! They spent 17 million dollars on it . My advice is go on a Monday when it isn't so crazy busy. This makes the Rio Buffet look like a school cafeteria.  If you can do without king crabs legs, go for lunch instead of the $39 dinner. Can they keep up the quality ? Time will tell.
My favorite buffet used to be spice market - this one kicked it out of the top spot. I tried the Bacchanal Buffet for the first time this past Christmas. We arrived around 9am and only waited about 15 minutes to get through the line and to be seated (this was not the case 30 minutes earlier - the line was wrapped around and around!). . . Oh my the selection at this buffet is amazing!!! For Christmas Brunch they had pancakes (including chocolate chip and red velvet!), chicken and waffles, french toast, croque madame and croque monsieur, crab legs, shrimp cocktail, fresh juices, kobe sliders, brisket, prime rib, pizza, pasta, asian dishes, sushi, menudo! (my boyfriend said it was AWESOME), street tacos, cheeses, fruits, salmon and lox and so much more. And the desserts!!!! Fresh crepes, gelato, so many cakes and cookies and pies. Everything was DELICIOUS. I wish that my stomach was larger so that I could have tried more. This buffet is expensive but it is well worth the money. Any future trip I take to vegas will definitely include this buffet!
Came here because we heard that they redid the whole buffet. We are HUGE vegas buffet fans and have almost tried them all. We wanted to do dinner here but it a little more than 50 bucks a person so we decided to do the brunch on Sunday. Which was still about 40 but included mimosas. We kinda were hesitant on the price but figured we had to try. And how happy were we that we did! They had full sides of beef cut to order. All kinds of meat. Everything from sliders to hummus. They had a lot of selections and all very good. The had crab legs and a seafood area. Only thing that was kind of a miss was the potato salad area. It was not as spectacular like everything else. . Dessert area was also pretty good.  I'm a HUGE sweet fan so I went straight for the made to order creeps. They were good but felt they could have had more options on filling. Like bananas...hint hint. The cupcakes I have to admit we're kind of dry. But they did have a gelato bar with very interesting flavors. I got the watermelon mint and vanilla (I do love my vanilla). Overall we had a great experience and can't wait to return and try there full on dinner. :). We spent a total of a little over 2 hours here and wanted more but our stomachs said no more. We were happy we got our money's worth not just by the quantity of food but by the quality of the food.
AWESOME. Ive been to many of the buffets in vegas. Always thought the Wynn was the best. Our taxi driver suggested this place so we gave it a try. OMG. Everything u could think of.. and its not crappy like a lot of the other places. A few of the things i just saw at the brunch..Crab legs, lobster, caviar, oysters, a full REAL sushi bar, 5 kinds of sausage, 5 kinds of eggs, omlettes , pizza, sandwiches, asian food that looks real, several kinds of potstickers and sticky buns, a full mexican food section, and an unbelievable amount of dessert. Thus is all in addition to the normal buffet fare. All this greatness will cost you.. $45/ person so go hungry. Sorry Wynn.. im eating here from now on.
For a Vegas buffet, this is as good as it gets.  . . It does not get fancy like Bellagio and Wynn.  It does not get fru-fru fusion like Aria.  It's just good food with high quality and pricey ingredients.  It's like M-Resort buffet but better, and more expensive, and longer lines. . . I think there's pretty much always a line here, so if you don't have 3 hours to kill, don't bother.  1-1.5 hrs for the line, and 1.5-2hrs for the buffet.  . . We went for Sunday brunch at $40.99 including champagne.  Seafood section was stocked with hot or cold king crab legs or snow crab legs.  I think the last time I saw king crab in Vegas at lunch was Bellagio.  The King crab was really fresh, still firm and sweet, and full of crab butter.  Seafood also includes larger than most cocktail prawns (like mid-level quality steakhouse sized).  Also had oysters that were fresh and firm but not as flavorful as I would have expected.  Not flavorful as in not really sweet or briny or seafoody.  Kind of disappointing I guess but it would have been fine for oyster novices.  Had a nice PEI mussels dish, in wine and garlic butter.  Also a few other fish dishes that I did not have the room for.  . . The American section was full of meat.  I had the prime rib, and they don't spare the cut like other places.  Nice thick slab maybe 12 oz prime rib.  Not Lawry's, but again, better than most other buffets that I can remember.  Also had the bbq brisket and baby back ribs.  Decent for buffets.  Meat section also includes like 3 different kinds of sausages and wursts, turkey, chicken, and probably 2-3 other items that I forgot.. . That's pretty much all I made through.  I did a little sushi which was decent, again, for buffet sushi.  The xiao long bao was actually juicy, but definitely discard the top part of the skin, again to be expected when food is put out for longer than 30 mins.  Everything that I didn't get to eat looked good, like the giant Italian meatballs.. . Service was a little slow but I guess it was so busy.  They used a decent champagne, although I didn't get to see the bottle, probably a Mumm type level.  The coffee was quality coffee, and they gave you a carafe of it.  Dessert was a highlight, although I didn't get to eat much of it.  They had nice mochi ice cream balls, fresh and mochi still firm and not stale.  Also had an assortment of macarons that girls go ga-ga for.  Creme Brulee was well made.  Had some candy popsicles that's apparently popular in Vegas these days.  . . Overall, probably the best buffet I've had that was a "Vegas-type" buffet.  Meaning more selection than you can ever try.  This one was high quality and not too pretentious.
Hands down, best buffet on the strip. For $45, the weekend brunch has pretty much every food you can think of AND bottomless mimosa! The line was about 30 minutes long but worth the wait. Crepe station was delicious, they make the crepes fresh and you choose your own toppings. Even the crab was better than most buffet crab. Love this place. A must go if you are into all you can eat awesome buffet style food!
I wish I could give this place 6-stars. I even changed my last meal on earth in my profile to Bacchanal Buffet- it was that good.. . Weekends are WAY more expensive because of brunch. We had a little mishap when we called and asked for prices and were given the wrong information. When we told the cashier that- she said that we should have called the buffet and not the hotel. WTF- you work there, right?. . Anyways- it was off-season in Vegas, so we only waited about 10-minutes before being seated. Because it was brunch, mimosas were complimentary and we were going to get our money's worth. We . . I seriously could list out all the food that I ate, but that would be a super, super long review. If you want to know- you can see the photos I posted while here. Everything was scrumptious!. . A couple of standouts:. - Beef brisket: It was smokey, tender and came in a big slab on your plate. You could break apart the meat with your fork with little effort. This one of my favorite things.. . - Eggs Benedict with skirt steak: A small individual portion served in a cast iron skillet. The egg yolk was calling my name from across the restaurant. I ate two without any effort, but had to contain myself before going back for a third. They also have this same dish with fried chicken instead. I wanted beef. The meat is tender and has that nice grilled flavor. Break the egg and it's like a slop of heaven soaking into your bottom piece of English muffin.. . Quail egg flatbread: This came lathered with small little over-medium eggs and bacon. The outer crust was crispy and you heard that crunch when you broke it apart or took a bite. It definitely had that wood-brick oven taste, though, I'm not sure how it was cooked. . . I am just going to say that you HAVE to eat here at least once. Like a tourist destination, you should make it a PRIORITY. Screw the bodies exhibit, screw the Grand Canyon- you need to go to Caesar's Palace for their Bacchanal Buffet. It's seriously worth it.
Hide $50, DO NOT GAMBLE IT AWAY until you go to Bachannal Buffet. Everything was incredible. I went there on business and ate alone. I didn't care that everyone around me was silently judging the outrageous amount of food on my plate (and then the desserts that followed). They have a giant seafood buffet as well as carving station, potatoes, fried chicken, mac and cheese. Literally every bite I took was the best thing I ever ate. I was stuffed by the time I finished dinner. That didn't stop me from getting myself upwards of 6 desserts and enjoying every last bit! They have an amazing aray of desserts from cupcakes to mini tiramisu to gelato to creme brulee. The desserts were just as good as the dinner. This is well worth the price... hopefully you will win it back at the poker table later. But if you don't, at least your tummy will be happy.
This place is definitely as good as it gets. Yes, it's pricey but it's Vegas and it's a buffet. Cost is to be expected, right? But the nice surprise here is how legit this place is. It's not your everyday casino buffet. The quality and presentation of the food here is top notch. You feel like a kid in a candy store here so trust me, take your time and get a little bit of everything. Seriously, one or two shrimps at a time...you need the room on your plate to try everything else. Their prime rib was tender, crab legs were meaty, oysters were fresh, filler foods (mac n cheese, scalloped potatoes, sweet potato fries, etc.) were all deliciously sinful as they should be. Don't forget that there's a whole other side tucked to the back left corner. It was a whole new world when our table discovered it. Desserts were gourmet quality and the ice cream flavors were fun like french toast, thai tea and watermelon mint. Bonus points for having mochi ice cream at their dessert bar. . . Service was super pleasant and very fast. We had a great time at this place and would definitely go back the next time we're in Vegas. Enjoy!
This is an excellent buffet with a vast selection of gourmet type food! You must track down the Kobe beef sliders! Those are my favorite. And how can you resist crab legs? You can get them chilled or hot! Which is an added bonus. And my oh my, the dessert selection is to die for! Killer desserts! Got to try the Aztec Chocolate gelato! . . . Plus on Sunday, they have champagne brunch. So for $45/person, you can have unlimited champagne/mimosas until you burst!
I visited Vegas recently, went to 3 different buffets in different hotels. Out of 3, Bacchanal gets my 5 stars. It is a nice looking place with huge variety. I am not a seafood person, but if you re into seafood, this is a denitely buffet you would want to visit. I enjoy everything I ate.
Great buffet. Incredible selection - seafood, sushi, smoked meats, Mexican, Chinese, gourmet pizza, comfort food. Everything is fresh and well prepared. Many of the items are put on small plates to avoid the typical buffet contamination problems. Oh, there's also an incredible dessert bar.
Yes Yes Yes, I will have Bacchanal Buffet!  So Ceasars spent $25 million dollars trying to create the buffet of all buffets.  I would have to say "HAIL CAESAR" for they have succeeded!. . There was about a 25-30 minute wait to get into the modern and beautifully decorated buffet. There was honestly too much food to even try and attempt to describe but the main stations consisted of the following:  Asian food including sushi, bbq ribs, dim sum and a mongolian style grill.  Italian food including expensive cuts of italian lunch meats, and some pretty darn delicious thin crust pizzas. Hot meat station, prime rib, lamb chops, flank steak, rib eye, sausages and more. Seafood including King Crab sliced in half, lobster chowder with huge chunks of lobster, shrimp, cerviches etc.  Mexican food including a street taco station. Fried chicken with sweet potato fries, Fish n Chips and many many more foods that I cant even remember.  There was also a huge dessert section with souffles and crepes made to order.. . You really need several trips to this buffet in order to sample the vast amount of delicious items this place has to offer. Even my vast stomach couldnt make enough room to try everything.  Dinner cost $50 per person and was worth every penney, but for a mere $70 you can buy the 24 hour pass and come back to Bacchanal and other buffets as many times as you like in the 24 hour time period.  In sum, if your in Vegas you must try the new king of all buffets and visit Bacchanal.
LOVE. I've been to the Wynn and Wicked Spoon buffets (albeit the Wicked Spoon for brunch not dinner) and the Bacchanal is the BEST hands down, but especially in the dessert area. We were seated at the large table overlooking the Roman Pools and the decor in the buffet is absolutely fresh and stunning. I've never been to a buffet that was able to do Chinese dim sum dishes properly, but the Bacchanal pulls it off. My only regret is that my stomach was not large enough to sample everything. I cannot wait to return. I pray to god that the quality stays the same.
OMG !! OMG !!!  Thank you Caesars Palace, that 17 million dollars renovation was definitely worth it. . We ate about 530p, a good time since it gets really crowded about 7p or so.  We waited about 10 minutes, so not too bad. . It's a little on the pricey side, $47.99, and if you don't have a HUGE appetite, this might not be the place for you. That being said, here's for all the gluttonous people out there........ . The meats:. . **The Prime rib was absolutely perfect.. **The beef brisket was smoked.  So good that if you would have put any sauce on it      you could go to beef hell !!. **Salami and hams to could have very well have been from Europe "YUM". **Pork ribs with meat falling off of the bone.. . Seafood:. . Crab legs galor, and split so the eating is easy.  No added salt. Perfect. Shrimp that even Forrest Gump and Bubba ( the movie, get it? ) would be proud of.. Sushi, Sushi, Sushi. Sashimi that melts in your mouth.. Raw oysters. . Cheeses:. . Blue cheese chunk tasted as if the master made it.  Not for the lactose intolerant.. . The salad was limited, but seriously at this price........ . The veggies were fantastic. . DESSERTS !!!!!  Italian gelato, sorbets, souffles, cakes, creme brulee etc etc etc.. . This place is by far one of the best buffets I have ever eaten (gluttonized) at.  . . Save up and ENJOY !!!!
Ive tried most of the buffet  in town, but i could say this is the best buffet i ever been too. a lot of selections of food and most of all are live action stations. i brought my family here one time and they love it! looking forward to eat here again and i wont get tired going here. Pricey but all worth it.... I definitely suggest this buffet if your visiting Vegas or you live in town..
By far the best buffet I've been to.  Better than M or Wynn.  It's going to cost you, as it's quite pricey at $44.99 if you are a total rewards member.  You would have to focus in on the good stuff, as there too many things to try.  Described are the best things:. . Desserts - mochi ice cream, all kinds of flavors, green tea and mango are my favs.  vanilla bean creme brulee, sorbees - blood orange, watermelon mint, and mango chilli lime (that one is the best). . Seafood - hamachi sashimi, crab legs have no salt added, perfect, other sushi is pretty good quality.. . Meats - beef brisket is da bomb intense smoke flavor and so tender, no sauce needed.  prime rib damn good, the best here is the roast duck, tastes like something out of a high end Chinese restaurant how did they do that, upon further inspection, saw real Chinese chefs cooking it... with ducks hanging and all!. . Go early and weekday if possible, the lines do get long.  Highly recommended and way worth the money (or rewards points for all you gamblers out there)!
Finally a decent and top choice-variety of tasting foods... Most of the buffets I tried in vegas at the other popular hotels were gross. One of the most pricey for a buffet in vegas but I think the food quality and variety make up for the price. I enjoyed the seafoods and beef brisket. Dessert section could have done better for taste, but they were alright. I went during lunch hours and they also served mimosas which was a big plus.
renovation does a buffet good! caesar's palace went from being the worst buffet i've ever tried to being THE BEST!!!!!!! *round of applause everyone*. . let's get straight to the point. the food is amazing! everything is super delish but here are my must haves! . -BEEF BRISKET!! BEEF BRISKET!! BEEF BRISKET!! . -prime rib. -crab legs (ASK FOR STEAMED CRAB LEGS) . -wagu beef sliders. -tater tots . -BREAD PUDDING!!!! . . i should note that this buffet is on the pricey side! lunch was $45 including tax! the wait can be long but my friends and i went at 12:00 and only waited an hour! not to shabby considering other buffet lines! . . Bon appetit!!! :)
Big jump from before the renovation!  . . AMBIENCE:. . - Modern, new, chic, clean and elegant. . FOOD:. . - Selection comparable to Bellagio, M, and Wynn. . - They baste your prime rib with oil and rosemary before serving preventing it from being dry.. . PRICE:. . - Comparable to big Las Vegas buffets.
I'll keep this brief... for my Yelp friends, please interpret this as my specific recommendation to eat here.  A few details:. . 1) Wife and I stayed at the Trump (see my review) and ate here on a Sunday morning.  We got here before 10am and there was no line - Booya!  Pretty amazing we got here before 10 given the massive amounts of alcohol consumed the night before.  Sunday price included all you can drink champagne, which we imbibed a little, but not too much, being we had a 5 hour drive ahead of us.. . 2) Food was amazing for buffet quality - wow.  I won't go into details, but my single favorite item was the mini Monte Cristo sandwiches.  Oh my God they were good.  I probably wouldn't even have noticed them if they weren't right next to the omelet station.  A lot of the items came in little tiny platters so you could try many different things.  . . Price was $90 two - so a little pricey.  But I have to say that this was probably the best buffet I've ever experienced.
This has to be the best buffet I have ever hit in Vegas!! Despite the long lines starting after 9 or 10 am, the variety of food is amazing. This place has a food option for every type of eater. Not only does it have options, but probably the highest quality food at a buffet I have ever witnessed. Bottomless champagne during breakfast and excellent staff:) My glasses were never empty and my used plates were never at my table for more then a couple minutes after finishing a plate.. . This is a must for any buffet or food fan hanging out in the Vegas Strip area.
OMG!! This is the KING of the buffets. With over 500 items to choose from, you really need to psyche yourself up to eat here.. . We checked out the YouTube site for this buffet before we attended and eagerly looked forward to experiencing it.. . So we journeyed to the buffet for breakfast and after walking around to "check it out" decided there was MORE than enough items to choose from, haha!. . However boring old me, who doesn't eat a lot of things, ended up being somewhat traditional and just a wee bit experimental.. . I ventured to the Asian and Italian stations and enjoyed dim sum, rice, miso soup, an omelet and some pizza.. . I ventured to the Tex Mex station and enjoyed an array of salsa with scrambled eggs.. . I ventured to the griddle station and enjoyed mini red velvet pancakes.. . I ventured to the dessert station and experienced several bite size sorbet flavored--chili mango, Thai tea, French toast, espresso, blood orange, etc.. . I also enjoyed French fries and even snow crab...yummmmeeee!. . To say the least I was full, stuffed and satisfied!
I live here. I have visited every single BooFay you can imagine. Even the bad ones. This place is like sitting in a nightclub with bomb food. (no joke the music is great) And Endless great food. I don't think the bad reviewers have an experience of a proper range to determine what can be amazing food or not. The service was on target. They took the plates away immediately. No wait to get drinks filled up. ...So, the food..I can't say enough good things about all of it. ... All seafood was fresh. And amazing. If you don't know the difference. Don't bother. Especially the huge shrimp. Pizza, Salad, bread, sweet potato fries, au gratin potatos, pasta, asain food, all of it. A foodie would approve. And I swear it was Carlos Santana sitting next to us. Dude, if you like variety and good food and fun club music. Try this. You will have a super fun time. LOL !!
I can't even begin to explain how much I loved this place!! Basically... it had EVERYTHING!!! I took the strategic plan of skipping the salads as I wanted to try a little bit of most things.... buttttttt I still had to skip a lot because I was too full... It was a little expensive, but for the 6 plates of food and 3 drinks I got, I think it was worth it.
Hands down, Bacchanal Buffet is the BEST buffet on the Vegas strip!. . My recent trip to Vegas led me to staying at the Caesar's Palace hotel and instead of us traveling somewhere else on the strip to get our last meal in before heading back home, we decided to give the Bacchanal Buffet downstairs a try and I was not disappointed.. . AMBIENCE:. The line to get in is long and for good reason - the food is GOOD!  . . *Tip:  Make sure you bring your Player's Club Card.  If you don't have one, make sure you visit the Player's Card Booth to sign up!  You will get a few dollars off of your buffet.  I got the mimosa buffet and the total came out to be $40 on a weekend.. . The seating inside is made to make you feel like it is spacious and open.  The beautiful blue glass decoratively placed throughout the restaurant makes the restaurant look very modern and clean.. . FOOD QUALITY:. There is A LOT of variety here. For my very very particular parents, they could not stop raving about how wonderful the Asian section of the buffet was.  For myself, I could not resist the fried chicken (fried chicken, i love you!!) pho, and desserts. There seems to be something for everyone here - desserts, seafood, juices, red velvet pancakes, fries, tator tots, breakfast foods, sausages and other meats, italian food, mexican food, salads, noodles, sushi, and other Asian dishes.. . Some of the more memorable dishes:. *There was actually meat on the crab legs and they tasted fresh!. *The skin of the fried chicken was absolutely delicious!  The chicken also was super tender.. * LOVED the noodle station.  *TIP:  Don't miss the noodle station! They serve pho!  The broth was delicious, the noodles were tender - one of the best pho I have had.. * Dim sum - Ha gow is my favorite dim sum dish and they really got it right!  The shrimp inside was tender, tasty, and fresh!. * Chow mein was amazing!  I had to go for seconds - packed with flavor!. * I kept getting the coffee - it was so good and paired perfectly with my dessert.. . SERVICE:. What sets Bacchanal Buffet apart from the other buffets on the strip is the service.  From the moment we sat down, our waitress was SUPER accommodating and on top of it!  She kept our coffee and the tea coming and came back very frequently to take away our dishes.  You will notice that it is not just the waitresses/waiters but the entire staff of Bacchanal.  You guys have it together and what a breath of fresh air it is to see!  Even those that are serving you from behind the buffet line are smiley and ready to help.  It truly made our experience here that much better!. . OVERALL:. I have found my new favorite buffet on the Vegas strip.  Because of my wonderful experience here, I definitely have Bacchanal as a required stop to visit on my list whenever I come back to Vegas.  If you haven't come here yet, what are you waiting for? You deserve to give your taste buds some TLC!! :)
Come for lunch, stay for dinner! Bacchanal was really everything I've always wanted in a buffet and more: food that doesn't just look pretty but actually tastes good! . . Some of my favorites: . -Their potato bar (sweet potato tots, breakfast potatoes, french fries, and more!). -Their meat station (prime rib, ribs, lamb chops, rib eye...drool). -Their seafood station (chilled crab legs, STEAMED crab legs--upon request!, OYSTERS!). -Their dessert station (sorbet/gelato heaven!--so many unique and tasty flavors, chocolate covered strawberries, creme brulee) . -Unlimited mimosa (during lunch). . Definitely beats M, Bellagio, Wynn, Wicked Spoon, and Spice Market buffet!
Fresh shucked oysters! they have 4-5 guys standing around a huge ice tub full of oysters shucking them fresh. King crab, freshly steamed to order or cold as you wish...a meat carving station like something out of texas chainsaw massacre in the best possible way, which I loved. Wagyu sliders, its probably not real wagyu but its sure was the most delicious and perfectly grilled little piece of meat patty I ever had. sweet potato fries and tots YUM!. Japanese station offered a fresh sashimi salad with FRESH tuna and salmon. everything is pretty much served tapas style, small bites and portions. Mexican street tacos, made fresh off the griddle. dessert stations was also great had the berry pannecotta, and the french macarons ....OH those macarons....so many different flavors, the best was strawberry. fresh gelato! really excellent quality and selections of foods. I was very impressed and happy to return, soon I hope. however there is a wait, so be prepared or you can pay an extra $15 to jump the line. this buffet is included in the Buffet of Buffets for an additional $15 each time...but trust me its worth it!
Beautiful place. I really have to say that this place is the buffet of all buffets. They have ramen, pho, various cheeses, deli meats, Mexican food grill with a rotisserie for their asada, sushi(which was OK), freely made crepes, ice cream bar, freshly made souffle... worth the hour long wait!
We had heard sooo many good things about this place we had to try it, especially since we were staying at Caesar's. My group I was with tend to sleep in a bit so by the time we got downstairs it was 2:45. WE got in line and we were seated before 3pm. No so bad.... Also if you present your Rewards card, you got a discount $1 a person for lunch which is something. But we got the end of lunch and the beginning of dinner so we got pretty lucky. . They had just about everything you could possibly think of to eat and everything had such great quality. I started out by going straight to the seafood and I got crab legs, ribs and their' "southern food." Which I thought was really tasteful. My next course was a mixture of the asian cuisine in the back and also more seafood. I was so very satisfied with this buffet... out of all the others I could think of. I thought that their food was very unique and it was all good quality. Their dessert bar is very very well done, with different small desserts like flan, cakes and they also had cake pops, macaroons, mochi and mini cupcakes. I would definitely come here again!
We went to this new buffet for the first time on a Thurs night in Feb '13.... Having read all the hype and reviews both good and ba we were braced for whatever we might find. The first thing we did was purchase the Buffet of Buffet passes for $49.99 plus a $25.00 upcharge then agreed to eat our next 4 meals buffet style..thus each meal costing $18.75... for us a savings of about $60.00 each.  This took the sting out of this $50.00 buffet particulary! . . First off the wait on this Thurs night was only about 40 minutes in a line that moved quickly.  Once in, the restauraunt is beautiful and surprisingly calm for how many are dining there. We were very graciously greeted and introduced to the buffet. The decor and music were fantastic. . . All food stations were well stocked and looking good. Given the high cost of the meal I focused on King Crab, Jumbo Shrimp, Ribeye and Brisket. All were fantastic though the Ribeye was tough IMO. The green peach ice tea is beyond delicious.. Desserts were breathtaking and fun to sample several...the maccaroons were awesome!. . Service was basically pretty good though dishes could have been cleared alittle quicker.. . I do have to mention the cook who I asked about where to find the watermelon/feta salads I was so looking forward to...she apologised and said they would not be available that night then immediately offered to make one special for me...I was stunned! They are not that easy to make, and I told her that wasn't necessary...she kindly insisted...I was SO IMPRESSED ! That really blew me away..She is pictured in the photos I have submitted.... . We go to Vegas frequently and would recommend the all should try this terrific buffet!. . If this restaurant and Nobu are signs of the kind of quality the Caesar's properties are stepping up to that would be fantastic because overall their properties are starting to age and need this kind of major infusion to keep us coming back...we were impressed!
Definitely Vegas' new fave Buffett!  They offered tons of food selection using top ingredients. The oyster is fresh and the rack of lamb was cooked to perfection! Chicken ginseng soup taste really authentic, just like mom's ^^.
What else can we add?  The hands-down BEST BUFFET we've tried in Vegas!. . Great selection of fresh seafood (oysters, clams, crab legs).. . Great Kobe sliders!  Melt-in-your-mouth prime rib.  Bone-in ribeye.  . . Everything was FRESH and excellent.  Desert was not the best we've had but who has room for desert anyway?
This is unequivocally the best bloody buffet in Vegas, and now there's no way I'll ever visit Vegas without a pit stop here. They've really raised the bar on buffet food quality. I ate until my stomach (the organ) had shooting pain from all the food I managed to stuff down. Damn you, amateur stomach, I wish you could handle more of that good stuff!. . Tips: . . - Oysters and oyster shooters are served beginning 3:00pm! . - If you're staying at Caesar's Palace, it might be worth it to get a 24 hour pass to stop by for food any time within a 24 hour period.. - Most of the food stations have items there that are order-only and off menu. . - Their ramen is freakin delicous. Okay, that's not a tip but I needed to include it somewhere.. - Your Player's club card gives you a $1 discount. - Our price was $41.99 but this number may be a moving target. I wouldn't be surprised to find it higher the next time I come due to the high demand.
At the Bacchanal Buffet we consume delicious items such as: perfectly smoky black pepper edged bacon, miniature Monte Cristo sandwiches, amazingly moist and succulent beef brisket, lox (salmon) shaped like rose buds, mini cast iron skillets carrying eggs prepared over easy with skirt steak strips resting on top, flan, gelato bar with interesting flavors (ex. Baklava, sticky toffee).. . The quality is very high which does warrant the high sticker price...if you can do some damage.
HMMMM, changes being made here as Ceasars tries to figure out how to make money at this buffet.  First off prices have gone up!  Dinner is $46.95 mon-thur and $54.95 fri-sun.  You can still buy a 24 hour buffet pass but it is no longer worthwhile if you intend to use it on Bacchanal.  The pass is $55 plus $25 extra EVERY time you eat at Bacchanal whether it is breakfast, lunch or dinner.  In effect it is cheaper just to pay the regular price if you intend to eat at Bacchanal more than once.. . Portion size has also been changed for a few items, the lobster corn chowder is in a smaller ramakin and no longer contains large pieces of lobster.. . The made to order souffles are no longer in a ramakin and are being baked in foil cups, leading to the soufflies being over cooked.. . The changes being made are sort of alarming as it makes you wonder if Caesar's will be able to continue this fabulous buffet or will quality suffer down the road.
We are known here for our excess and opulence in everything- our dining is no exception, as you'll see if and when you go to Bacchanal.. . It's the newest and largest buffet here at the strip, beating out even the highly praised Wicked Spoon over at the Cosmopolitan, also fairly new and was the first in town to incorporate the tapas-style buffet.. . Great interior, great service, great everything.  The ONLY thing that separates the Bacchanal from the Wicked Spoon is that the Wicked Spoon has more 'chef-conceived' dishes, unique to itself and undefined by a cultural cuisine.  Bacchanal has your regular items respective to major world cuisines, just made very well with very good ingredients.. . Soft, soft wagyu beef sliders, soft char siu bao, the biggest selection of prepared meat I have seen, tuna/salmon poke salad with the squishiest and freshest fish; everything is just amazing.. . Only downside is that it IS expensive, but is much, MUCH worth the money versus the buffet at the Wynn or Bellagio.. . If you have to eat only at one buffet in our city, it must be this one.
This is a delayed review from November 2012.. . We had walked by at dinner time the night before and the line was ridiculously long. The thing about restaurants with long lines is that it usually means good food is being served. Unfortunately, we had reservations elsewhere and could only look through the windows with envy at the people getting plates full of cold and hot crab.. . We went back the next day at around 9:15 am and got seated near the crepe station. Like many other Vegas buffets, there were plenty of types of foods to choose from Unfortunatelly one of the choices was not cold shrimp or crab (sigh). Okay fine, so I'll have to settle for a freshly made crepe that I get to dress, bowl of ramen with wonton added, sweet potato fries served in little pails, and tater tots served in wire baskets. We know there was more but it's been a couple of months. . . There was also fresh squeezed orange, watermelon and cucumber juices available from our server. The OJ was good but they ran out of the watermelon and cucumber didn't not sound particularly appealing to us though it's probably great when you're hot.. . Oh, the service. Every employee on the dining room floor was friendly and accommodating. Our server made sure that she introduced us to her partner while she went on a break. Even though the line of new customers was beginning to back up, we never felt rushed. . . We stayed so long just nibbling, drinking coffee and chatting that we got a chance to try a few lunch items and see the lunch offerings before leaving at 11:30.  Oyster shooters for the win!
Amazing food. Lots of  choices. A little bit of everything. I love it here. Favorite buffet of all time. Try it. You won't be disappointed.
my second review on this, and it is still 5 stars.  The quality is still very high, and plenty of options to choose from.  Keep it up Ceasar's,  you're doing a great job!!
What did I not love?. . Ok, just the line, but at any good place, there usually is a line. Get there early and pace yourself!. . We were there for over 2 hours and I didn't even get to try 1/4 of what I wanted to eat. I can't wait to go back for brunch and for dinner again!. . My highlights:. oyster shooters. freshly chucked oysters. snow crab. wagyu beef slider. blackened chicken soup. creme brulee. fresh baked chocolate chip cookie souffle. mochi. gelato. macaroons. . I would not suggest getting the 24-hour buffet deal for this particular buffet. As advertised, "as low as $49.99," it is NOT $49.99 for this place. It is $69.99 plus an additional $25 per person for dinner and additional $15 for brunch. I wouldn't say it's worth it unless you plan on eating at least 4 meals in those 24 hours. BUT you gotta try it at least once!
HIGHLIGHTS: Made-to-order souffles, vanilla ice cream, freshly-shucked oysters, steamed crab legs (upon request!), wagyu sliders, peach iced tea, lotus-wrapped pork and rice, truffle scalloped potatoes, taco bar, charcuterie and cheese sections, crispy peking duck skin, Chinese soup dumplings. Worth every penny. Every other Vegas buffet can give up now. Everything there is delicious, but the amazing food makes the still-above-average food seem mediocre.. . LOWLIGHTS: your stomach has a capacity.
Enjoy the quality food here,one of my favorite for 2013.  Beef with asparus,Macarons,Snow crab,King crab,Steak,. Chinese food,Fresh pizza,Mussels,. Wish I can give them 6 stars
We tried Bacchanal for lunch on a Wednesday. In our party we had 3 Adults, 1- 8 yo, 1-3yo (she was free!!). We waited in line for about 10-15min. We were seated at a nice large round table. . . On arrival- the food lines/presentations seemed never ending! Almost overwhelming! Everything we tried- we loved. Highly recommend... Everything!! The prime rib was succulent, melted in your mouth. The brisket was moot and tasty. All the seafood was sooooo fresh. They had fresh squeezed fruit juices. . . We loved all the desserts. From ice cream, cakes, brownies, cookies, cupcakes and made to order crepes & souffles.. . There truly wasn't anything we didn't like. Everything was so fresh and tasty!!. . Can't wait to go back!!
One of the BEST buffets in Vegas at this current point and time! . . Went with a group of 6 people who agree. So I know I am not crazy!!. . You can tell that they put a good amount of effort into every single item. Go for Brunch!!!
I am so so glad that we tried the Bacchanal Buffet for lunch - absolutely amazing, delightful, delicious, yummy.. It is literally a mile long buffet with various cuisines including chinese, japanese, salads, italian, mexican, carvery, seafood, fresh juices and dessert. Highlights include:. - Beer boiled shrimp (delicious). - Shrimp cocktail . - Mussels. - Clams. - Corn on the cob. - Chicharones . - Sweet potato tater tots. - Chow mein . - Kung pao chicken. - Spicy fish. - Dim sum. - Desserts (gelato, baba, creme brulee). - Melon and carrot juice. . And the chic + modern setup and decor complements the yummy food, This will be the first place I'll visit, next time I am in Vegas!
Great food! Better than bellagio buffet. Lots of options. We loved it!
Having been to the old buffet at Caesar's which Bacchanal replaced I can say the difference is literally night and day. The old one was arguably the worst buffet on the strip and most of the friends I went with agreed. Yes I know what some of you are thinking. I went multiple times even tho it was horrible since different friends wanted to try it. :/. Tried the new buffet 3 times now and I daresay it might be the best buffet in all of Las Vegas now.. It is also probably one of the most expensive buffets in all of Las Vegas with weekend dinner peaking around $45. And while it's new and uber popular the lines are insanely long unless you have a handy Total Rewards Diamond or 7Star card to bypass this(which I was fortunate enough to do all 3 times). Or buy a line pass for $15 or 20 extra I think? That being said, I believe it's DEFINITELY worth the money. Alot of higher end items offered on the buffet would cost you alot more if you decided to dine elsewhere and order the same items. Very large selection of foods, the place is broken down into 5 or 6 different buffets I think? The service is really good but one time our server cleaned the table thinking we had left but he apologized and quickly fixed that. My friend and I laughed wondering if the server thought we were done and left without leaving no tip! LOL. Anyways, definitely a must try at least once!
Waaaaah.... *heavenly music plays*. . THE HOLY GRAIL OF BUFFETS!. . With so many buffets in Vegas, it's hard to pick just one to eat at. My stomach only has space for ONE buffet while I'm visiting Vegas. Forget that 24 hour buffet pass. You'll find me passed out in the middle of the buffet tray if I ever tried doing that. . . The Wicked Spoon used to be my #1 stop, but then I heard Ceasar's Palace had the next great thing. I had to check out it out!. . And then there was the line........... O_O. . Just when you thought the line was over, there was another line. The hubby and I waited an hour and a half until we were seated. According to the employees there, that wait time was SHORT. Over two hours is the norm.. . The buffet is normally about $40/person with lunch being cheaper, but because we were there during Thanksgiving, they had a "holiday price" of $55/person. Bah humbug. . . Once we got inside, we were just OVERWHELMED. Sooooo much food. Soooo many people! There was every kind of Asian cuisine, Italian, Mexican, American... eeeeeeverything. . . The most popular (and longest!) line was the line for the king crab legs. You can have them cold or have them warmed up by the staff. They'll give you a good amount at a time, but you know one visit just isn't enough! I can feel my cholesterol rising... The crab is fresh and tender. Definitely get them warm instead of cold!. . The freshly sliced prime rib is awesome! You can tell them what temperature you want and they'll try their best to find the slice closest to it. You can even ask for one of the prime rib bones if you dare to man handle it!. . If you love foie gras, try the foie gras soup! Totally droooolworthy!. . Don't forget to check out the made-to-order noodle soup station! You can get beef pho, wonton soup or ramen. The ramen was my fave! I thought it was going to taste like somefancy packaged ramen, but it tasted really close to authentic Japanese ramen. The pork was so tender.. . When it came to dessert, I was suuuuuper stuffed. But I had to try a bite of everything they had to offer. The Jean Phillippe macrons they had were amazing. I kept going for more and more and more. I even slipped some in my bag to take home. SHHH!. . But the most amazing, most fabulous, jaw-dropping dessert they had was their FLAN. Who doesn't love flan? It was so creamy, so flavorful, SO FREAKING GOOD! Even though I was beyoooond full, I ate more than two of them. Not too sweet. Just the right soft, yet slightly dense, texture. I could eat it all day long!. . This is definitely a top contender for buffets. I didn't think they could surpass The Wicked Spoon, but they did and then some! Definitely worth checking out! Just bring a snack with you while you're waiting in the two hour line to get in. The price and wait time almost makes it not worth it, but if you only have money/time for one buffet, make it this one!!
I was here some time between Christmas and New Years 2012/2013. OH MY GOD, this was awesome! I usually don't eat a lot. I eat small meals probably 6 times a day. But I saved my tummy for dinner here. They have... EVERYTHING. Each island had it's own genre of food, for example a huge island of red meat only. the HUGEST island of deserts ever. & a whole lot of sea food. I told myself to take my time because eating too fast and filling up is just a waste of money. Drinks-- you're only allowed to have one type of drink, that & water. So, that was disappointing. I ordered diet coke, so I only got diet coke for the rest of the night!. . King crab legs! It's very light, so that was one of the things I had first. I took an extra plate and mixed up some salt, pepper & lemon. The people were awesome regularly coming along to take away our plates and plates of crab shells.. Soup & salads: meh, just like any other place that has a self-service soup & salad cart.. . The best thing of all: DESSERT! anything & everything you could think of was here. Dessert didn't just have a cart, it had a whole counter that took up half of one of the walls.. . If therewas alcohol, I didn't see it.. . There was no chicken anywhere! I was okay with it, because I have chicken all the time, but it's weird that it would everything but chicken.. . Aw man... it was awesome.
Every word that came out of my mouth after approximately every bite was: OMG! Go here hungry, go here and celebrate, everything and everyone was great, the chefs even came out to thank us for coming by! A must go to place for Vegas.. All other buffets bow down! Yaga!
Hmmmm... where do I start? Ah yes... the infamous buffet, Bacchanal buffet. To begin, I'm not the type of guy to stuff my face for hours and hours until I have to be rolled out like Homer Simpson.  After doing some extensive research, I decided to try Bacchanal and was not disappointed one bit.  . . Highlights:. -Definitely come here before 3pm to get lunch prices ($35/pp), they begin to roll out the good stuff after 3pm. -Different stations, seafood, cured meats, asian, italian, mexican, american and desserts. -I really like the lamb chops and prime rib. The wagyu sliders and lobster corn chowder was pretty good too.  I also like the oysters here as well.. . . To sum up, after a 2.5 hr non-stop feast for kings, I left with my stomach stuffed, face happy, and a double chin to come with it.  Yea, I'm pretty happy. =)
Having tried the M  , Rio , Paris and Wynn buffets just to name a few , Bacchanal Buffet is the best by a LARGE margin. We went here last September when it was still brand spanking new...so the lines were INSANE...But we were fortunate enough to know someone who not only let us go to the front of the line, but gave us all free buffet passes.. . The wide selection alone makes it one of the best buffets ever, but the quality of the food really sets it apart.. . From the carving stations, to the chinese food section, the italian food , dessert station and so on, the quality of the food will not leave you disappointed.. . No wonder there was a 2 hour line outside. . Will definitely comeback
This place rocks!  17 million dollars spent making this the best buffet on the strip.  I used to joke about Sleazars Palace and the sorry buffet they had called Lago.  . . NO MORE!!!  OH my gosh, I am in heaven after eating here.  This is the gold standards of all buffets.  It's a bit pricier but you will know it's for better quality food.  Everything about this place has been redesigned.. . Sometimes the line is a bit longer but well worth the wait.  There is only a couple of issues i had with the place.  The music a bit too loud.  Why do you dim the lights so dark for dinner?  Too much salt on your St Louis ribs.  Too much salt on some of the dishes.. . The seafood station rocks.  Fresh king crab legs.  Delicious fried chicken.  Great chow mein noodles (a lot of buffets gets this dish wrong).  The Chinese spare ribs are the bomb.  Just like how my mom used to make them.  Noodle station could use some work.  I didn't like the Pho that much and the Udon was so-so.  Maybe you can fix that for me?. . I wish I had more time to try this place for breakfast.  My love for buffets has been   rekindled.  Thank you so much Caesars!  Finally, you have a buffet worthy of your casino (the one that Celine built).  You heard our cries for good food and got rid of that Lago. . . We got great service from William.  The dessert bar was out of this world.  Great red velvet cakes, cookies, carrot cake, creps, ice cream, sorbet.  Everything here just looks so good.
FREAKING DELICIOUS! . Awesome bite-size fine-dining. AND Great Mimosas!. . Group of 10, $50ish for brunch on Saturday per person.. Totally worth it. Gelato flavors up to 20, bite size desserts.. . Cant' even describe it.... but it's HANDS DOWN, the best buffet in town!. . Going again next time! (Didn't eat again all day). . I'M IN LOVE!!!!!
AMAZING YUMMY FOOD !!!. . I was there with 3 people and we made sure we did not eat a big breakfast prior to visiting this buffet.  We went late in the afternoon and we made sure to take our time to enjoy the variety of food.  The restaurant looked very beautiful and I was in shock at all the different stations with pretty little mini-plates filled with food.  This place was so huge that I couldn't find my table at first.   It lasted us 2.5 hours to try a little bit from each section. . . First, I did a complete walk through to see what each section offered and then I began to start selecting food from each section.  At first the service was a little bit slower than normal, but then again it was quite busy.  Drinks were not refilled often enough and plates did not get taken away as often as we would have liked.   Some of our plates had only three items because of the adorable mini-plates/bowls/dishes that the food comes in, hence the need to have the plates taken away.  (For example, one fried chicken leg came in a cute mini deep fryer looking container but it took up half the plate.)  I accidentally spilled a cup of ice and could not find anyone to help me clean it up for a little bit.  After awhile, I think more staff arrived and service started picking up.  . . All the stations had something yummy, except the Mexican/Latin station.  I've definitely had better authentic food elsewhere.  My friends did like the taco station though.  Dessert station was yummy.  Asian station was delicious.  Fresh hot crab legs were amazing.  I asked for steaming hot king crabs legs and I was told to wait 5-7 minutes by the chef in charge of steaming them.  I decided to take a few steps back while I was waiting and after 5-7 minutes the fresh hot crab legs came out.  Tons of people saw and came.  They pushed by me to get in front of the line.  As I politely waited in the back, the chef told everyone to make space for me to come up first because I was the first one to ask and had been patiently waiting...he remembered.  =)  Great service especially since, the chef was very busy not only taking care of the steaming crabs, but bringing more crabs from the back, passing out cold crab legs, and passing out the other shellfish and seafood to the customers.    . . I've been to most buffets in Vegas that are on the strip.  I think the price at bacchanal is crazy expensive in comparison to other buffets, but then again it is Vegas and all those famous chefs did get together to create certain dishes here.  The food is somewhat higher in quality and the variety is nice. . Overall, excellent food and great service.  Will go again...just wish the price was a little lower.  Wicked Spoon was number 1 as far as being my favorite but now it's number 2 because Bacchanal is now my new number 1 buffet.
After seeing the line stretching into an endless maze that somehow folded upon itself eight times over, I figured the food here had to be really good, or there was a lot crazy people waiting. Either way, the group I was with heard all the buzz about this place and we walked helplessly to the end of the line.. . We were only in line for about 3 minutes when someone from my group suggested we asked the people next to us (but further in line) how long they've been waiting--30 minutes. After waiting for another couple of minutes, we decide to take the express line instead. To be rational, we figured that it would've been the same, in terms of time and cost (15 dollars more + 18% tip per person in the express line) if we waited in the original line. And since there was 8 of us, we figured we would be paying gratuity anyway. . . In comparison, we managed to snag a table for 8, at the peak of lunch buffet on a Sunday, 30-40 minutes earlier than the group that was 30 minutes ahead of us line. . . The selection of food available at Bacchanal was beyond outstanding, and is something that seems to be a response to Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon Buffet and Wynn's Buffet. They do this really neat thing of steaming up crab legs by request, offer a wide array of juices, offer an extensive selection of meats, from brisket to prime rib and ham to sausages. They even have a full on gelato dessert station, next to a crepes station in the dessert area. I remember coming back several times for this green pesto based pasta, I don't remember the name of it but it was definitely one of the stand out dishes available. . . I decided to give up on my diet that day (only so I wouldn't have count for all the calories), but I hope to make another visit when I'm back in town.
Excellent food and quality!  LOVED the truffled potatoes
This is the KING of buffets!! 25,000-square-foot buffet extravaganza.. . It is SO worth it to eat here. =) Lines can get long here so get here early.. . So many varieties of different foods here that its unbeatable & unbelievable.. . 9  live stations (chefs cook it live): seafood, Asian, Mexican, Italian and dessert, that present hundreds of daily items.. . My faves:. . Shrimp jumbo cocktails so fresh & delicious 11pts. . Sea bass so buttery & flavorful 11pts. . Snow crab legs - be sure to ask them to steam them if u like them warm.. . Oyster shooters so delicious 11 pts. . Seafood & Chinese station was great.. . Italian & meat station was ok.. . Creme brulee was very yummy & not too sweet 9pts. . Mochi icecream was yummy 8 pts. . Gelato station was so delicious w/ so many delicious flavors to choose from (you can sample each one of the flavors if you like. =) 10 pts. . Dark Chocolate dipped strawberries were huge but  not sweet. =( 7pts. . Deserts looked very pretty & there was a huge variety but the flavors were off.. . Wicked Spoon's desserts are better.. . Service is great here. =). . FYI, if you sign up for their rewards card you will get a discount for this buffet with that card here. . . Open daily.. . Breakfast (Monday - Friday, 7 a.m. - 11 a.m.): $25.99. Brunch (Saturday - Sunday, 8 a.m. - 3 p.m.): $40.99. Lunch (Monday - Friday, 11 a.m. - 3 p.m.): $32.99. Dinner (Daily, 3 p.m. - 10 p.m.): $45.99 on weekdays, $50.99 on weekends
My friends and I specifically went to Vegas one weekend just to try the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars. MAN it was definitely worth the trip! The price is a little higher than the other buffets at $55 (rounded up including tax) per person. You could also pay an extra $15 to go into the fast line. . . Bacchanal has such a wide range of food to choose from. I believe that it literally caters to everyone's needs. They have such a large variety of different cuts of meats! From the usual prime rib, to lamb chops and sausages, you can even get your own personal mini rotisserie chicken! They also have a Mexican section, with some moist tamales, and some pretty good carnitas tacos. There's also a selection of fine cheeses and dry meats that you could choose from. . . Their seafood was super fresh. The crab legs are already cut in half, so all you have to do is pull the meat and eat it! The oysters are laid out for you, and this area always seems to have the longest line.... There were also some small seafood dishes that were quite tasty!. . I also loved the fact that they had a fried food section. I thought the presentation was very different! Their waffle fries, wings, fried chicken, and their sweet potato fries/tater tots, all came in a little fryer container that you could take with you. Pretty awesome huh?! :). . This buffet had the best Asian food at a buffet. With me being Asian and all, I don't think I've ever eaten so much Asian food at a buffet. The dim sum they served was actually pretty damn decent. What also got me is the fact that you can have Ramen, Udon, or Pho! They give you a pretty small bowl, but the broth for each of these was very rich and flavorful. The ramen was actually pretty decent; such a strong and savory tonkatsu flavor. . . Now to my favorite part... THE DESSERTS! They have everything you could possibly imagine! Gelato, chocolate cake, chocolate covered goodies, flan, cookies, candy, crepes, but this is the first buffet that has ever offered MOCHI ICE CREAM! They had all the original flavors like green tea, chocolate, strawberry, red bean, and vanilla. Man what a way to complete a meal! :D
Well worth the wait, and I'd do it again! We arrived around 11:30am a Sunday morning thinking we'd beat the early crowd for the brunch buffet...boy, were we wrong. We waited for an hour on line, which went by quickly with drinks we bought from the casino in Caesars.  All that time spent on line, we couldn't help but wonder what all the fuss was about. . This brunch buffet lives up to its hype, and is inarguably worth the $40+ tax (apx $45pp...gratuity not included). . The spread is unlike any other brunch I've seen and surpasses the cleanliness and sophistication of other buffets I've dined at...including The View and the Marriott Marquee in NYC...which dulls in comparison. . Full breakfast spread, Asian foods, Italian, desserts, fresh juices, unlimited Mimosa and champagne. This place is not to be missed, if you'revisiting Vegas. So glad we took a chance on this restaurant...such an amazing dining experience.
Gluttony at its best! That's the best way to describe this feeding frenzy. You can pretty much eat anything from seafood, Mexican, Italian, American, and so on. This place is so big I would get a bit lost walking back to my seat. If your skeptical about buffets let me tell you this isn't a shitty Golden Corral, it's amazing,GO!
Best buffet in Vegas - hands down.  The food is all very high quality, the selection is amazing and the presentation is unmatched.   I have had breakfast, lunch and dinner at Bacchanal and love all three.  I think my favorite station is the carving station, the amount of meats to try is impressive.  The slab bacon is tasty and something you can't get just anywhere.  Definitely save room for dessert - there are so many different things you will want to try.  My favorite dessert items are the chocolate chip cookies that come in little ramekins and the crepes and would definitely suggest getting both.
I'm a huge fan of Bacchanal buffet! We were looking for a buffet place after our blue man group show and wicked spoon was closed. Luckily Bacchanal was open until 10pm! We got in the line and after around 15 mins we were seated. Bacchanal is a very busy buffet place, and our waiter was busy running around.  They have a great seafood section. I love the shrimp, crab legs and oysters. They are so fresh and so good, and they're refilled promptly! Bacchanal has a huge dessert section with all the fancy tiny cakes. My favorite is mochi ice cream and i love the coffee/red been flavor. You should definitely try Bacchanal Buffet. It totally worth the $50 I paid.
This is by far the BEST buffet you will EVER go to. I love that they are always cranking out individual dishes so that you know its fresh made. Not just sitting in a hotel pan wondering how long its been there, determined by the skin formed on the top. They even shuck oysters in front of you. My husband and I went there in November a few months after they opened on a tuesday night. We waited way OVER an hour and it was worth it, we paid $98 for both and at the time if you pay an extra $15 I think I saw its unlimited wine and beer.
This place is amazing! We had to wait 1hour to eat but it was soo worth it. Fresh! Great presentation! Delicious! Oh and look to spend about $180/3 people (15% tip included)
I had the joy of trying the Bacchanal Buffet for their weekday breakfast. I was blown away at how beautiful the space is. I love white, clean, and airy spaces.. . We went relatively early and it was a weekday so we had no wait before we were promptly seated next to the crepe section. Great location!. . I really enjoyed the fresh juice section drinking at least 3 glasses of their freshly made carrot juice. My boyfriend loved the watermelon juice. The perfect remedy to a night of debauchery :). . I really enjoyed the congee and dim sum section. The lotus wrapped sticky rice was divine. . . The mini red velvet pancakes were delicious too. The rotating pancake grill was a sight to behold. The savory dishes were really yummy. Every menu item came in a small dish so it was easy to try everything without wasting food. The steak and eggs were cooked perfectly! . . Presentation for all the dishes was top notch. I would love to come back for dinner or weekend brunch sometime.. . Don't forget to leave room for dessert.
Let start off saying that I am totally not a buffet person, but Bacchanal changed my mind.  This place is ridiculous, best buffet food EVER!  Sure it is expensive, but you are getting quality food.  Bacchanal was the only place we considered making a second visit to during our LV trip.
Better, IMO, than The Wicked Spoon and The Buffet at the Wynn.. . We did have to wait a long time, and the seating area isn't as large as the wicked spoon, but your selection was huge - especially for fish--and I honestly don't think I tried a bland, dry, old, not fresh item.. . My favorite items follow in order:. . 1. The prime rib.. 2. The mochi ice cream.. 3. The lamb.. 4. The crepe bar.. 5. All the other desserts.. 6. All of your breads.
Oh this is a beautiful buffet.. probably the most beautiful I've ever step foot in, and that's saying something considering I regularly enjoy Wynn & Bellagio's buffets. The decor, the seating arrangements, the buffet layout, 9 stations of wondrously delicious food.. some individually plated, some AYCE.. give a plate to the crab leg guy , get a plate back of deliciously fresh, hot & steamy legs.. ;) The little sliders were AMAZING.. chicken & waffle portions... chicken wings, hot wings, drumsticks, onion rings, tater tots.. omg. they sound like regular food, but they certainly do not taste like regular food. Dessert station was INSANE. there were like, 16 varieties of sorbet, several kinds of cake, pastries and fruit.. oh god, I'm drooling just thinking about it. . . Have a large (6+) Party? They have a multitude of tables to accomodate your party, and if you're a 7-star or Diamond club member, you get your own semi-private rooms/seating areas (though unfortunately you'll have to mingle with us common folk in the buffet lines. . . You HAVE to eat here at least once. :) Definitely coming back.
Came here to eat with 10 other girls around 2:30pm-3pm on a Saturday, which was a good time to come since it was AFTER the lunch rush. We only waited in line for about 10 minutes =). It was about $53 per person with tax and an 18% gratuity charge since we had such a large group. . . This is an awesome new buffet and the architectural construction, decor, furnishings, and interior design is stunning. The beautifully bright, modernized atmosphere greatly enhanced my dining experience here with friends! You'll enjoy the simple, yet artistic displays of food. Every section with categories and subsets of certain types of food are so well organized! There's a seafood section, a tacos taqueria section, a cheese section, salad section, soup and bread section, dessert section, a meat section (prime rib, baby back ribs, & etc.), an Italian food section, a Spanish food section, an American food section, and an Asian foods section with Vietnamese, Chinese, Indian, Japanese, and Korean dishes. I tried some of the dim sum and was really impressed with their xiao long baos (Shanghai juicy pork soup dumplings) and Shumais (These Cantonese style steamed dumplings). To conclude, you'll love the WIDE varieties of different types of cuisine that Bacchanal Buffet has to offer! . . I ate mostly seafood because I'm a HUGE seafood fan. Shrimp and grits, poached salmon, king crab legs, mussels, shrimp cocktail, oysters, oyster shooters, clam bake, sashimi/sushi, you name it, I had it, and I LOVED it. I also tried the prime rib and baby back ribs which I loved as well. Pretty much everything I ate was desirably delicious.. . Service was excellent which made our experience here even more worthwhile. Our waitress kept making rounds to our table to pick up used plates, cups, and she consistently refilled our drinks! We had a table of 11 rather demanding, but sweet girls, and our waitress worked it LIKE A BOSS.. . I've been to plenty of buffets in Vegas and as of now, Bacchanal ranks the highest above all others in my book.
I went for the Sunday Champagne Brunch and enjoyed this brunch very much.  The food was very well prepared and the fresh juice bar set this buffet above the rest.  Definitely worth the price.
This place has some of the best buffet food you can realistically ask for. This place has everything, sushi, nigiri, authentic chinese (roast duck etc) made by chinese chefs and they speak mandarin, authentic mexican, snow crab legs (no king crab), oysters, tons of meat (bbq veal, 4 types of sausages, prime rib, etc), salmon, to die for sliders, cheeses and breads, very good looking pasta but I didnt try it, and the best dessert bar you could possibly imagine; to name a few: mochi ice cream 5 different flavors, crepes, tiramisu, key lime, cheesecake, macaroons, creme brulee, and a ton of other things. It has the largest selection of desserts I have ever seen and I have been to a fair share of buffets.. . Decor of this place is also stunning, and lots of room for giant parties.. . Note: the lady that serves the mochi is an insanely attractive Filipino, 10/10.
Came here for a 7am breakfast so I didn't have to worry about a long wait.  I think since I've came the price has gone up $10 per meal.  I can't blame Caesars, it's all about supply and demand, but now I'm not sure if I'd rather go to a signature restaurant instead.. . This is the best buffet I've been to in Vegas, I like the small individual portions with high variety of items.  I found myself trying endless amounts of things all freshly prepared, not growing a film under a heat lamp.. . For breakfast they had all sorts of sides (sweet potato bites), a HUGE selection of juice and still laid out all the meats and cheeses and a few lunch items.  Another cool thing was the way the food is presented, fries are in mini deep fryer baskets, juices in baby carafes, pancakes in mini skillet pans.   . . Looking forward to another meal here, I know I won't be hungry enough for the following meal!
Pricey at $45 each (plus tip for someone bringing drinks)and alcohol costs extra, for dinner.  But that's average compared to every other place around. Excellent food & selection. Prime rib, crab legs & dry rub ribeye were worth the price alone. The desserts are wonderful - we tried 10 or more &they were all yummy!  Mac & cheese & truffle scalloped potatoes were amazing too.
I ate there last weekend while on vacation. It was amazing...I wish I could go there every weekend.
Came again for dinner after first experiencing it at the yelp elite event. So a couple things have changed, such as you have to get here early if you want to try everything!  Example, Chocolate covered strawberries (the size of your fist) come out at about 7pm and are all gone by 8pm. They still make souffles (chocolate, pistachio, or banana) to order, but you have to ask as they don't have them sitting out there readily. They have added mochi ice cream, and they don't replenish the fresh oysters as quickly as before. Also, they don't keep restocking the beet salad. . . I got there around 5:30pm on a weekday, and the line was about a 45 minute wait to the end of the waiting line ropes. By the time I got to the front the line looked an hour and a half long, it snaked past the ropes and back to the pool area entrance, eek. . . Anyways, the food was still as delicious as ever. The oysters were cold and fresh, the crab legs were sweet (best eaten cold even though they will heat them up for you in a pot of hot water), the prime rib, ribeye, and lamb rack were cooked perfectly medium rare, great variety of charctuerie, delicious version of caprese salad and beet salad with goat cheese. For those asians out there, they have a very nicely done asian soup of black chicken with longon and stuff in the asian section. I saw asians grabbing 2 bowls at a time. They also have those soup dumplings that got famous in new york. Desserts were amazing with macarons, tiramisu, souffle, crepes, lollipop cakes, (didn't get to the chocolate covered strawberries because they ran out), mochi ice cream, gelato and sorbets (give the blood orange sorbet or the thai tea gelato a try). . . I kept wanting to eat more but my stomach just was not able to hold everything. As I told my boyfriend, I looked 5 months pregnant with my food baby belly after eating here. . . Word of advice if you want to save a couple bucks, get your Caesar's Total Rewards card (the casino gaming club card) before you get to the front of the line, it takes about $3 off the cost of the buffet.
This is hands down my new fav buffet place in Vegas. I never thought I'd find another buffet that impress me more than Bellagio's, but boy am I wrong.. . Go early, or you'd have to wait in a crazy long line. They shuck oysters in front of you and these are the freshest oysters ever, and that my friend, says a lot. . . They have a wide selection of delicious food from all around the world. My fav were the oysters and Kobe sliders. Oh yum yum yum!!!
OMG! Ok so I thought Bellagio had the Best Buffet. And they might still have that title, but Bacchanal is running a very VERY close second. I loved the modern decor and soothing sounds blaring. The food variety was amazing. I like to hit the buffet around 10am, just before 11 when they start to turn over to lunch service. This way you get the best of both worlds. Get your taste of breakfast, then taste test all of the great Italian, Asian and classic American dishes. And though you spend $25 (or more) to dine, it's kinda worth it. You get to taste all kinds of great food, and if you go at the right time (and pace yourself), you'll be full for til dinner! This place is a must!
This is the best buffet I've ever been to, and I know buffets when I see them. But first, some quick tips:. . 1. Parking is plentiful in the Caesar's structure. Try parking on the outside rooftop 5th floor. It has direct accessto an elevator that takes you to the back area of Caesar's casino.. . 2. The buffet is located near the entrance to the pools. It is where the old Caesar's buffet used to be.. . 3. Arrive early to beat the line. We got in at 4:15 PM on a Wednesday and waited about 30 minutes to get in.. . 4. Lunch ends at 3 and dinner begins at 3. Technically this means you can do the old get in for lunch and dinner strat for cheaper prices. . . I wish I took pictures so my eyes could continue to feast on the offerings that the Bacchanal Buffet. Anyways, I could talk about how amazing the food was, but that wasn't just the best part.. . I love the decor of this place. It reminds me of candy glass and it has a very vibrant and colorful look. The Asian/Italian station in the back seems to be a bit more intimate and dark though.. . My favorites in terms of the food was the great dessert offerings that they have. There were different types of gelato with more exotic flavors along with the typical flavors for those less adventurous. There were all you can eat macarons and I gorged myself heavily on them.. . In terms of the regular offerings I was surprised at how tender the prime rib was and the crab was so fresh. They also offered to steam crab for you on the spot so that it doesn't get all rubbery like other places where the crab has been sitting out for a long time. Another pleasant surprise was how authentic the Chinese offerings were. The Chinese style ribs were very good and the dim sum offerings were wonderful.. . I enjoyed the sushi, but my girlfriend thought it was a bit dry. Their other American offerings were pretty decent, but nothing to rave about. I didn't like the chicken tenders. They were really weirdly breaded and seemed a little undercooked. Besides that though, the other offerings made me forget about that small oversight. I also really enjoyed the Mexican stuff that they had! Especially the made to order tacos and the large salsa bar.. . I would definitely check out Bacchanal Buffet if you got the chance!
this is probably my favorite buffet in las vegas. . there is so much variety and its all really well made. . they fresh baked goods are really really good. . the asian section doesn't have much vegetarian selection but the chefs can make something for you if you ask. . there is a cheese section that was really good. . the pizza was made really really well. . there's a fried food section with sweet potato tater tots. these are really delicious. i don't even like sweet potato but these are made so well!. . there's a juice section with juice in bottles that you can take to your table. everything from tropical fruit juice to cucumber juice!. . i couldn't eat the mexican section because was too full. . the dessert section is pretty unbelievable. there's a ton of variety. the gelato is really really good. this is one to remember. i'll be back
Bacchanal is hands down the most outstanding buffet on the Vegas strip. In fact, it was the highlight of my recent Vegas trip.. . At Bacchanal, you will find the following stations: Mexican, Italian, Chinese/Vietnamese, Japanese, American/carvery, seafood, pizza, deli and dessert. I like Bacchanal because the food is fresh, made-to-order right in front of your eyes. Most of the dishes are prepared in small plates, so you won't feel like you ate too much. The trend of using small plates at buffets is thoughtful since it reduces the amount of potentially unfinished food. . . If you are a fan of boiled Alaska king crab legs, mussel, oyster shooters, or ceviche, then you belong here. Imagine yourself walking up to the seafood section, handing over your plate, and walking back to your table with a plate stacked with crab legs - unlimited amount of times. Note that Bacchanal is one of the few Vegas buffets that still carries crab legs (probably due to budget cuts).. . The Chinese section at Vegas buffets is typically avoided by Asians, but probably not here. I found the congee and juicy char siu to be very delicious at Bacchanal and worthy of sampling. In fact, the char siu was very popular, so be sure to grab a few pieces. Basic nigiri (tuna and salmon) was available in small quantities. The fish was fresh. Don't expect thick cuts or sauces - just fish and rice. There was also a black chicken soup at the Asian station that I recommend if you are looking for a very light hearty Chinese soup. . . Skip the Mexican station. Why eat oily tacos and quesadillas when you can save room in your stomach for the seafood and the tender prime rib or brisket at the carvery? Go get your money's worth!. . Pace yourself and save room for the fancy desserts. Or feel free to eat desserts first. The dessert selection is phenomenal. You will find an island full of cakes, tarts, flan, cupcakes, all prepared with extraordinary culinary sophistication. The desserts at Bacchanal are far superior to the other Vegas-strip buffets, in terms of variety, creativity, and quality.. . . Notes:. 1. The menu on the cover image is outdated. Weekend dinner (Fri-Sat-Sun) is now $50.99 ($55 including tax) and weekday dinner (M-Th) is $44.99. . 2. Be prepared for a long wait. Don't come if you are an impatient person. Sunday dinner at 8pm sounded like a time when most people left Vegas already, but at that hour, I was still met with a 60 minute wait. There was still a line at 9:30pm. . 3. Once you get into the buffet, you may have to wait in line again for food. The longest line was for the boiled crab legs (~20 minute wait). The second longest line was the carvery (~10 minute wait). Fortunately, you won't encounter lines for anything other than the meat and seafood.. 4. Pace yourself. Save room for the desserts. Wear loose clothing before coming.. 5. Soft drinks are complimentary. Alcoholic beverages are not included in the buffet cost.. 6. Purchase the Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass ($49.99) if you intend to try other buffets after Bacchanal.. 7. I ate at the Wynn Buffet the next day, and without a doubt, Bacchanal was 5x more impressive than the Wynn.
Definitely the best buffet I've had in Vegas. The selection is truly diverse and high in quality. They've got everything from dim sum to enchiladas. A taco station and a crepe station. . . When the crowds have eaten a selection up, Bacchanal replaces it with another completely different food. . . Always fresh, always changing.
Best buffet. This is definitely worth the money. The choice of food was the highest quality and something for everyone. Will definitely go again.
Definitely the best on the strip. A hefty price but for quality food that is well presented and with very good service. The selection of food was amazing and the non-standards were surprising highlights. We expected (and got) a great selection of seafood with a raw bar loaded with crab, oysters, jumbo shrimp (already peeled) and mussels but the ceviche, spicy crawfish and seafood gaspachio topped it off nicely. We expected lamb chops and prime rib but not the Mexican pozole, taco station and the chile verde which were all excellent. Pastas looked great but I really enjoyed the Peking duck, kalbi and  spicy fish and real chinese broccoli in the beef and broccoli was a treat. The kids enjoyed the dim sum, fried rice and the pizza. Don't forget to leave room for  the deserts: from creme brulee to mochi and a crepe station plus sorbets and cookies. Wow! Remember to pace yourself and try a little of everything as it is easy to overeat one thing and not be able to try it all.
WED, MARCH 27, 2013 // 12:00PM-2:00PM .                  PRICE FOR 2: $63.98 (TR price) + $5.18 (tax) + $10.84 (tip) = $80.00.                  WAIT: 15-20mins.                  SERVER: DAWN - (4/5). She looked frazzled but always made time to check up on us. Asked me if I wanted more Peachy Tea when I finished, refilled our waters, & brought us 2 carafes when we asked for coffee.. . FRI, MARCH 29, 2013 // 5:00PM-7:30PM.                  PRICE FOR 2: $99.98 (TR price) + $8.10 (tax) + $16.42 (tip) = $124.50.                  WAIT: 25-30mins.                  SERVER: IRANDA - (1/5). We had to chase her down 3x, she ignored our table completely. When we asked for coffee, she brought us 1/2 empty cups (spilled coffee all over the saucers). VINCE (4/5), not our server, was friendly, paid closer attention & cleared our table multiple times.. _________________________. . Bacchanal can be overwhelming since there are a LOT of dishes to choose from. Between Bacchanal & Wicked Spoon, if you only have time for one and care more about the selection - go to Bacchanal. (Save room for the CREPES!) . . THINGS I CRAVE: 1.) Lasagna, 2.) Prime Rib, 3.) Crepes, 4.) Machaca, 5.) Posole.. . Personally, though, Wicked Spoon still wins in just a few minor areas: a few key dishes that are well executed, bone marrow at dinner, and smooth creamy gelato as opposed to the grainy ice cream at Bacchanal. It's also slightly less expensive, less crowded, and comes with much more consistently reliable service.. . CONSENSUS: Would try to make time for both on my next trip to Vegas - Bacchanal for lunch, Wicked Spoon for dinner.. . _________________________. . KEY:. (-) Skip. (+) Try. (++) Love. (D) Dinner. . No Symbol: 1.) never tried or 2.) feel indifferent. _________________________. . ::: [ SAMPLE OF THE SPREAD ] :::. . DID NOT SEE: Foie gras soup. . [ FRESH JUICES (Lunch) ]. . Orange. Carrot. Melon. Tropical (-). Cucumber. Tomato. Grapefruit. Watermelon (+). Apple. . . [ ASIAN ]. . Mapo Tofu (+). Pork & Shrimp Fried Rice. Vegetable Lo Mein. Beef Broccoli. Kung Pao Chicken. Vietnamese Spring Roll. Potstickers. Xiao Long Bao (-) dry shell, no soup inside. Leek Cake Dumpling. Lotus Wrapped Sticky Rice. Siu Mai (+). Char Siu Bao. Hot & Sour Soup. Congee w/Chinese Doughnuts. Edamame. Seaweed Salad (++) better than some of my fave SF sushi bars'. Vietnamese Spring Roll. Tuna Poke Salad (+). Salmon Poke. Ebi Salad. Spicy Fish (+). Orange Chicken. Char Siu Pork. Chinese BBQ. Chinese Roasted Duck w/Hoisin Sauce (+) not comparable to Asia/SF, but tasty. *SUSHI: Spicy Tuna Roll, Ebi, Shrimp Tempura Roll, California Roll. *ASIAN SOUPS: Pho, Udon Noodle, Tonkatsu Ramen. . . [ ITALIAN ] . . Large Meatballs (+). Meatball Slider (+). Penne ala Vodka (+). Chicken Primavera w/Orecchiette & Pesto. Baked Rigatoni w/Spicy Italian. Baked Beef Lasagna w/Ricotta (++). Mozarella Pinwheel. Garlic Knot. *PIZZA: Four Cheese Pizza, Pepperoni. . . [ MEXICAN ]. . Chiccharones (-). Machaca con Salsa (++). Carnitas con Salsa Mexicana (+). Chile Verde (+). Red Posole (+). Mexican Rice & Beans. *TACOS TO ORDER: Carnitas, Al Pastor, Pollo, Carne Asada. . . [ RANDOM SOUPS & BREAD ]. . Chili. Clam Chowder. "Baked" French Onion Soup. Assorted Breads: 8+ kinds. . . [ MEATS ]. . Chicken Sausage. Spicy Sausage (+). Turkey Sausage. Slow Roasted Prime Rib (++). Veal Steak. KC Style Spare Ribs (D). Sliders w/Cheddar Cheese. Fried Chicken. Chicken Wings. Waffle Fries. Onion Rings. Potato Tater Tots. Sweet Potato Tater Tots. Mashed Potatoes. Classic Brown Gravy. Baked Beans. Carrots. Corn on the Cob. Broccoli & Cheddar Cheese Casserole (+). Mac & Cheese. . . [ SEAFOOD ]. . Oyster Shooter. Ceviche (+). Seafood Gazpacho. Seafood Salad. Lobster Corn Chowder (+). Clam Bake. Mussels Meuniere. Shrimp. Grilled Salmon w/Arugula. Crawfish. Shrimp & Grits. Cocktail Shrimp. Green Lip Mussels. Oysters. Crab (D) (+). . . [ COLD FOODS, SALADS ]. . Pineapple Slices. Watermelon Slices. Greek Salad. Seven Bean Salad. Potato Salad. Watermelon & Feta Salad. Lechuga Orajona con Aguacate. Artichoke, Asparagus & Radicchio Salad. *COLD CUTS: 6 Types. *CHEESES: 5 Types. . . [ DESSERT ]. . Apple Pie. Red Velvet Cake. Tropical Cake. Panna Cotta. Tiramisu. Chocolate Passion Fruit. Baba. Pecan Tart. Chocolate Praline Slice. Cheesecake. Key Lime. Creme Caramel (+). Vanilla Creme Brulee (++). Chocolate Chip Cookie. Chocolate Creme Brulee. Chocolate Covered Strawberry. Chocolate Decadence Pops. Chocolate Mousse Cone. Gula Melaka (+). *SUGAR FREE: Vanilla Brulee, Cheesecake. *CUPCAKES: Chocolate, Lemon Strawberry, Peanut Butter. *CREPES: (++) DO NOT SKIP THIS. I recommend you open up the crepe after they pass you one, then using the Nutella sauce, banana foster, & cinnamon sugar before you close it back up. Then ask for a scoop of ice cream. ;-) The best crepes I've had in the US.. . . [ DESSERT: ICE CREAM ]. . French Toast. Fig Balsamic. Red Bean. Valhrona Chocolate. Brown Butter Caramel. Toasted Pistachio. Thai Tea. Strawberry Cheesecake. Aztec Chocolate. Espresso. Sour Cherry. Baklava. Roasted Coconut. Blood Orange. Sticky Toffee. Watermelon Mint Sorbet. Mango Chile Lime Sorbet. *MOCHI: 7 Types (++). . OUT OF CHARACTERS
This was my first real las vegas buffet. It was amazing. So many selections american, seafood, asian, mexican etc. it is very expensive but so is everything in vegas. The one downside is if your group is 8 or more they charge the standard 18% but $71.00 for a buffet meal is a little much don't you think? A lot of the dishes come on little individual plates, bowls our even lil baskets for the fried foods. Better quality than a regular buffet for sure. Go early to avoid long lines snag make sure you have plenty of rom in your stomach to get your moneys worth.
Abundant. Appetizing. Diverse. Dynamic. Mouth-watering. Beautiful Presentation of food that will leave you breathtaken by it! Hungry yet? . It sure is a fantastic splendiferous gourmet international buffet with excellent food presentation and deliciousness that will blow your mind and unbelievably mouthwatering and a feast for the eyes, that is sinful to the point of bacchanalianism, (that is to go so driven, in drunken revelry, in excess, and wild). Bacchanal is openly decadent at $17 million extraordinarily modern 25,000 square feet venue which seats 600 with 9 open kitchens, more than 500 dishes daily by a team of master chefs in sleek contemporary atmosphere with sleek dinnerwares. Bacchanal in Caesars Palace which overlooks the world-famous Garden of the Gods pool oasis at Caesars Palace is contemporary excess to both mind, sight, and gastronomic senses! An extreme buffet!. .  Here's my epicureanism picks from the buffet as evidenced in my photos.... From left - right, top line: tuna ahi poke (in round clay bowl), clams espresso (in mini-tin can), seafood ceviche (in square glass canister), oyster shooter (in a tall shooter glass), sweet potato tots (in mini frying rack), ice cold lemon water, iced tea.. On plate: carrot balls, grilled asparagus, spicy crab sushi, italian meatballs, chinese shumai, steamed lemon halibut, steamed salmon, roast duck, saffron arroz rojo, real mexican guacomole.... .  And there were many more... . Irresistible! these delectable desserts presented in cute-sy sized portions in which one would be mindful to their manners on how to eat such dainty presented desserts that resemble an art form!  Here's my favorites: pecan bar (with a stick of milk chocolate and a drop of dark chocolate as topping, as seen on an orange-colored square platter), key lime pie (with leaf-shaped chocolate as topping, as seen on a mint-colored square platter), chocolate creme brulee (in blue ramekin), fig and balsamic ice cream and watermelon and mint ice cream (both in white bowl), candied almonds: all yummmmy!! .  . There were many more to have had but this brings to mind another, or a second or more visits. Why ever not? So should you. Expect a line or a wait to the venue. Or maybe shouldn't.; to leave a table for us who regularly loves partaking of the buffet every time we hunger bacchanalian style! Bacchanalian hungry yet?
I admit I was a bit shocked when the cashier charged us $99 for 2 for dinner. A whole Benjamin pre-tip went into this buffet dinner! Cashier asked if we had a Cesar's Palace players card. We didn't, and I was almost gonna get one thinking I would save a considerable amount on our meal, but it's only a dollar discount.. . Foodwise, I enjoyed the crab legs (you could get warm), and there were different kinds of roasted meats! There was actually a lot of selection, but it was all so beautifully presented, that it all looked tantalizing.. . The dessert bar has to be one of the best I've ever been to. Moshi was offered, along with freshly made crepes, assorted gelato, 2 kinds of creme brulee, and a lot of other assorted sweets! I think I got my money's worth in macarons alone! . . Bottomline - pricey, yes, but shit, everything is in Vegas! If you've got a sweet tooth like me, this is definitely the buffet to go to!
Amazing Buffet! Went at 4:30ish on a Thursday and barely had to wait in line! . . The food was excellent and everyone was so nice! My favorite was the seafood station! The king crab and lobster chowder!!! OMG!. . The best carne asada tacos I've ever had! (and I'm from socal)
This place is so huge!! Almost got lost walking back to the table twice!! Food is great, servers were really nice, first place I've been to that has macaroons and mochi ice cream for dessert!! Definitely my new #1 Vegas dinner buffet spot.
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMG.. . If you come here, you come here for the PRIME RIB and LAMB; I don't care what else you eat, but you must take try those two (sorry vegetarians).  I could rave on and on about how much I loved the prime rib and lamb here.  Succulent pieces of meat, melt-in-your-mouth goodness.. . Come with a small party or split a large party into groups so you bypass the 18% gratuity for a party over 8.  Come at 2pm, stay until it hits 3pm for dinner.  Pace yourself, don't load up on too much to drink, and go pound plate after plate into your stomach.. . Wasn't a fan of the desserts, but they have mochi ice cream and macarons, which I haven't seen anywhere else--but they're not that great to be honest.. . Seafood is on hit.  Freshest cocktail shrimp I've seen at any buffet.. . But who am I kidding, prime rib and lamb.  That is all.. . And the meat carver David is awesome.. . Okay, I'm really done.
Great spread. $$ $51 + tax for weekend dinner. Has crab legs,shrimps,oysters and mussels. Choose from Chinese,Japanese,Italian,Mexican and American.. Stayed for 2 hours ++ to be fully satisfied. Great drink refills and plate clearing service.Try it if you are in town.
OMG! SO GOOD!!!! SO FREAKING GOOD!!!! Well worth the hour long wait for a Monday lunch! Seriously, the moment I was in, I had no idea where to go first! SO MUCH GOOD FOOD!!!! Fresh shrimp, prime rib, sushi, Italian, Chinese, Mexican, EVERYTHING! I don't think I have ever eaten so much food at one time! I really recommend wearing stretchy pants- you'll be so stuff that you'll really appreciate more belly space :P. . My favorite part of the buffet was, by far, the dessert station- there were loads of ice creams, tiramisu, strawberry shortcake, MULTIPLE kinds of creme brulee, and even A CREPE-MAKING STATION! Ah, it was foodie heaven!!! I cannot wait to go back the next time I'm in Vegas!!!
Best buffet on strip! Hands down! As a huge fan of Wicked Spoon, I had doubts that Bacchanal would surpass Wicked spoon, but it far surpassed it in every way.  The varietyof food is AMAZING. Everything from Asian to Mexican to Deli meats & cheeses, they seriously offer a WIDE variety of food. Try the big slabs of Bacon and Sweet Potato Tots! I recommend having a big appetite coming here. . . Biggest it's the newest (and best thing) you need to know something about going.  If you're a diamond/seven stars, you can bypass the line and get in quickly so you can really go anytime you want.  Or for $10/person extra you can get a "fast pass" and pass the line. The general public line can take up to an hour or 90 minutes during peak times so get here early if you don't want to do one of the two above options.
Hands down the best buffet I have ever encountered.  As stated by other reviewers, it is pricey, but the quality, variation and amount of food you get is well worth it.  I would recommend taking a "tour" before you commit to your favorites, there really are so many choices of different kinds of food.. SO GOOD. . ALSO! The bacchanal is one of the 6 buffets you can choose from when you get the 24 hour pass, if you pay a little extra, and that is WELL worth it.. especially when it's $60 a person just for dinner.
Fantastic.. . Let's just say I threw up.....just a little bit.. . My last plate.... . http://instagram.com/p/YD-oXPKsvB/
The decor the presentation of food alone deserve 4 stars.  The food was a class up from standard buffet food.  The up market stations of seafood and carving, the quality and selection was impressive.  The Asian station also bountiful of appetizing selections.  You can taste yourself silly with a huge variety of foods- over eat- and roll out the door.  It was a request of a guest that we dine here- otherwise I'm not a fan of buffets, but had wanted to see what the fuss was about.  As far as buffet's go it is superior.
im sorry---THE BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS HANDS DOWN....the prime rib at dinner, the seafood, the asian ribs and sui pork is to DIE FOR...the only bad thing i can say about it is ... the sushi selection was sad....maybe 5 different sushi selections and no sashimi ....was weird...but everything else was F**ING AMAZING...WELL WORTH THE 55.00 PRICETAG
I only ate 3 things from the whole buffet...crab legs, fresh pineapple, and chocolate covered strawberries.  To me, heaven!  We went on Sunday around 4:30 p.m.  No wait at all!  Went for the crab legs, they are on ice, but give them an empty plate and they will load it with hot ones from the pot.  Melted butter is around the corner, had to look for it, but no worries.  Marched back to my table, up to my elbows in crab, and went back for another plate.  Saw someone had a chocolate covered strawberry on her plate, and went in search!  They make them right there in front of you, so they are fresh and divine!  Must have had, um, 8? The fresh pineapple was perfect as a final. nibble.. Although I didn't eat at the other stations, they looked amazing, there was tons of. wait staff to clear and fill drinks, place was clean, and we will never go anywhere else!  Ate at the Mirage too, and we were both sick to our stomachs the next day.  It as $30, so for another $20, well worth it.  Enjoy!
The guys were in town for golf week and the second night we went to Bacchanal.  Usually, we go to Wynn, or Bellagio.  Since this was new, we would give it a go.  . . Right away, the set up is the best of all buffets.  The food stations surround the dining area so you don't get people winding through your tables for food.  There is a design flow.  There were enough food stations, so one area doesn't get overloaded.. . The service was prompt, drinks and plates were taken right away.  Our server was a hardworking and polite guy.  We made sure the tip was generous.. . Best of all is the food.  It is set up by cuisine - Asian, Italian, Meat, etc.  I didn't expect much from the Asian station.  Over the years, and relatives, we know Asian buffet.  Surprisingly, the duck, Char Siu, and some other Chinese dishes we quite good.  The sushi was mediocre. The Italian was very good.  Little plate of lasagna, little container of calamari, both outstanding.  . . Sure, they had all sorts of cold meats, cheeses, salads, and the usual buffet things. Even a Mexican and Seafood station. Why waste the space on the common stuff? Fill on Mac n Cheese, fries, burritos and buffalo wings?  The seafood was King crab legs which is naturally excitingly bland. . . The meat station was the best of all.  They had prime rib, beef brisket, lamb chops, and Carolina Smoked Bacon. Ahh! Bacon.  This is a must have item of the buffet.  A big pork belly slice of smoked, glistening, mouth watering delight.  As my friend said,  " An orgasm in the mouth".  . . There were a ton of desserts.  Mochi ice cream, assorted gelatos, small baked items - cakes and pies.. . All in All, we sampled about 1/3 of all that was offered and that's a lot.  We are two good sized guys and three small guys that eat like horses and we were there almost two and a half hours.  Have fun.
This was THE BEST buffet I have ever had in my entire life!  I cannot express enough how awesome this buffet was.  I was a little surprised by the price at first ($45), but once I entered the buffet room, I understood why this buffet was so expensive.  When you first walk in, you will immediately be amazed with the decor of the buffet room - it is very modern and hip.  You already feel like you're at an upscale restaurant.  Then you start looking around at the buffet stations and there is so much to choose from!  They had a seafood station, Asian station, pasta station, Mexican station, breakfast station, dessert station and the list goes on.  The first thing that struck me were the mini chicken and waffles in trendy little fry baskets.  They were the cutest things I have ever seen!  It's a good thing that these things are mini because there is SO much you want to eat at this buffet.  Everything was delicious!  For my main meal, I tried the chicken and waffles, prime rib, vodka pasta, fresh pastries, mini cheeseburger, potato au gratin, mac n cheese, tomato basil soup and mini caesar salad.  Now on to the best part: DESSERT!  They have a crepe station with home-made whip cream and fresh fruits AND a gelato station with lots of different flavors to choose from AND a mini cake station with several different cakes with the greatest presentation.  I had a little of everything and it was all so AMAZING!  I wanted to stay there all day, but of course all good things must come to an end :)
I have been to many Vegas buffet - cheap to most expensive ones. This place serves quality food. Rich seafood seafood selection and tons of meat options. I wish they had salad selection like wynne
Yay for my first review her on Yelp! . . Handsdown, the best buffet I've ever tried in Vegas!!!! I've tried Wicked Spoon (which is 2nd best), Wynn (also 2nd best), Studio B at M Hotel, Rio and Bellagio and Bacchanal surpasses all of them. It's upscale, classy, very modern with funky club music (I didn't care much for the music). Everything I tried was seriously amazing! If you are a serious seafood lover and carnivore, then this place is for you. . . El hubby cakes and I went on a Sunday afternoon, 2 minutes before dinner started. There weren't any lines and we were able to get in right away. But I'm warning you. Once dinner began, the place became packed quickly. Before we were seated, you get a mini tour of a buffet. There were so many choices, I didn't know were to begin. But I have a strategy  muuhahahha.... . My favs were.... . 1. Feta and Watermelon salad. 2. Beet salad. 3. Sweet Potato Tots. 4. Sushi was fresh and delicious! (went back for more). 5. Succulent jumbo shrimp cocktail was amazing (went back for more). 6. Lamb chops cooked to medium OMG!. 7. Melt in your mouth brisket. 8. Lobster Bisque (had real lobster). 9. homemade mochis (nuff said). . Here's a tip: Drink hot green tea while you commit gluttony. Helps settle your stomach so you can eat more lol.. . . I highly recommend this place and I can't wait to go again next year!!!
One of the best buffets in Vegas. It will cost you an arm and a leg to eat here but is definitely worth it. The seafood is awesome. A great selection and variety of ethic food. I also enjoyed their Asian food. The Mexican food was decent. I mainly stayed in the seafood, Asian, and dessert section. Service is great. We had 2 servers tending to us.
Expensive? Yes. $50pp. Worth it? HECK YES!  . . Seriously folks, this buffet will RUIN you for all other buffets. The other buffet we ate at, (Bellagio) was a joke compared to this one. This one is just in a class by itself.  If you only can afford to go to one buffet in Vegas, make it this one. My boyfriend and I are tight-wads when it comes to money, and we grimaced when they swiped our cards for this meal, but you honestly get your money's worth here. . . If you love Chinese or Japanese food, this is the place for you. If you're a seafood or meat lover, this is the place for you. Every dessert IMAGINABLE.. . The only station that was not on par with everything other cuisine was the Mexican station. They only had a single type of taco (no vegetarian option - no bueno) and nachos.. . Note: the price DOES INCLUDE sodas, teas, etc.. . If you're planning your trip to Vegas and you're there from Friday through Monday, don't go on a Friday or Saturday if you can avoid it only because the line to get in will be long. We went on a Monday night and 'only' had to wait 15-20 mins (and we got there early around 6).
This is by far the best buffet I've had on the strip! It is pricy but you are paying the quality  of food. There are so many different things to try and 9 different stations of different types of food! I like that some of the food is pre-portioned out and is small enough so you can taste but able to get other food items as well. Since I don't need a lot of food but I like to sample a ton of things so the pre-portion is great! I love the sweet potato tator tots-sooo good! Their lobster corn chowder is also to die for! That is my favorite thing there. They also have tiny burgers that are quite good. . . The best part though is of course dessert! I think between my whole family and I we tried a little of each dessert. I love that they have cake pops! They were so good. I can't pin point one favorite dessert because they are just all so good. I asked for mochi but they only have that at dinner so I guess I will have to go to dinner next time ;) . . If you are a buffet lover you have to try this place out!
My god... This Buffet is unreal. I used to live in Vegas for 4 years, and went back to visit with the girlfriend back in February, and hearing all the good press we decided to splurge and try this new buffet. Its unreal. Everything isn't just good but some of the best you will ever have. everything from Crab Legs, to more simple dishes like sweet potato fries, mashed potatos, sushi, bbq, tiny sliders that were unreal tender. Everything in there was amazing.. . On our second trip, we thought wewould try WICKED SPOON, and boy was that an epic disapointment. The selection was half as big and half as good, with an almost identical price point. we were very upset and ended up making an extra trip here because we wanted this good buffet so bad, and it did NOT disapoint on a second trip.. . Go here, try as much as you can, share plates, and just count down the days till you can go again. its food bliss and the #1 buffet in Vegas, with the #2 not even close...
Their average should be 5 stars! BEST BUFFET I've ever been to! And for around $50/person you can't beat it! Well worth the wait. You get to travel the world with food! Don't expect much from the drink service but that's not why you go- you go to eat phenomenal buffet food! Everything was so fresh and delicious- excellent quality of food. The dessert stand is amazing as well. The decor was modern and really nice. They really have a great thing going here! Saw the executive chefs walking around during dinner making sure everything was in order and talking to folks in the restaurant- do not waste your time at any other place on the strip- come straight here!
Not much of a buffet fan (stuffing your face until you get more food than you paid for...) but there certainly is a reason why Bacchanal is the best buffet in Vegas. A cut above the rest. Not so traditional cafeteria style, much more personal- guest service and clean interaction with the chefs. I am happy someone actually takes pride in a buffet here in town. Worth every penny spent and more. Dessert station is 5 stars on its own- more choices than you can imagine/ all with individual tasting sizes so you can try it all... err most of it anyway.
Hands down, the best buffet ever in Vegas! Went here twice on my last Vegas trip! It beats the one at the M resort! I can actually say for the first time that I've stayed in a buffet for the entire time limit they give you! My family and I took advantage of that 24-hour buffet pass which was like $50. We had access to about six or seven buffets, but this buffet and the rio buffet included a $15 upgraded everytime you dined there, but it was worth it! We figured getting that pass would be good because it would cover all our meals for the rest of our trip. I definitely recommend doing that because everywhere you go in vegas to get food will cost you about $20+ each time, so why not take advantage of that pass. Since you have access to the buffets you can pop in anytime for a quick bite, get a quick snack, or have a full on buffet experience again and again, lol! Your in vacation, so why not! . . We came here for lunch the first time around and for breakfast the second time around. We got to enjoy all of the breakfast items and all the lunch/dinner options. The food here is bomb!! So many choices! I love how they set it up in little plates and portions for you. Everything is so cute! I definitely enjoyed the breakfast menu and desserts the best! They also keep track on how long each dish has been out, which is something I truly appreciate! You will definitely find me here on every Vegas trip here on out! Wish I could give 10 stars!!!
Pricey but worth it. They have less fruits and not so good for vegetarians.
Hands down probably one of the better buffets I've had.  I thought Cosmo's buffet was good, but I think I've found myself another winner. . . The line wasn't too long when we arrived at 11:15am but it was pretty long when we left around 1pm.  The selection of the food is actually pretty overwhelming and I didn't even get a chance to hit up the seafood bar b/c I was too busy trying to get in on all the other areas. . . I think it was $45 for the brunch on a Sunday which includes endless mimosas.  That alone is $12 a glass so you're really getting your money's worth.   We had some Total Rewards points to redeem (they expire every six months) so that took our price down to $30-$32.  I must say the food is very well worth the $45 though.  I would definitely go back again.. . I don't know much more to say other than it was an excellent experience and I would visit again!
Great seafood. The dessert bar was very extensive Annnnd delicious. We went there as part of the buffet of buffets deal. Just be careful to read the instructions.
VERY VERY DELICIOUS BUFFET! Bacchanal has turned the term "Vegas buffet" into a whole new level! . . I'm not sure what else is there to say besides what has already been said in the reviews below me. . . PRICES: On weekday (we went on a Monday, I believe) for two people came out to be $69 and tax is already added with that price.. . I paced myself. I had to get my moneys worth. But I especially saved room for dessert. Man...the selections there are endless. It felt like I was at a candy store or something. And the gelato....they had some "not your everyday flavoring" like thai tea. Yum!!!! . . Not only was the food fresh but the presentation was something new and different. They tried (and succeeded) to make things fancy like having fresh juice in a cute glass jar. Their dim sum came in these cute little dim sum holders (see pics attached.) Aah...I'm a sucker for stuff like this. . . So come and give Bacchanal a try. They won't disappoint you.
This Buffett is a fat man's delight!  . . We dove head on into this after a round of golf in which we were super hungry!  . . Selection is mind blowing!  Seriously something for everyone!. . Fried food, salad bar, meat station, pizza, Italian, Mexican, Asian, Seafood.  It's a belly buster!. . I focused on the Asian and seafood.  Started it off with some Pho (pretty damm good) in a smaller bowl!  . . Next I had some Ahi poki!  Something I have been missing since visiting Hawaii.  . . Then I moved to a few spring rolls, some pot-stickers, some asian veg with soe Shrimp and dim sum!  . . The dessert area is to die for if you are a sweet tooth!  . . Year's ago I went to the All world buffet @ the Rio.  This one tops the cake!
I had heard so much about this new Ceasars Buffet and couldn't wait to try it.. My sister and friend were visiting so we decided to go there for lunch! Well missed the lunch cutoff at 3 so we had to pay dinner prices $50 pp!!  BUT BUT IT was so worth it.. I have been to many buffets in Vegas and while i rave about the M this Bacchanal has taken the ball and made a touchdown!! THE fresh cut up crab legs are awesome and they will steam them for you. I hadnt realized there was a WHOLE OTHER side!! WOW and i was getting full already. I cant even describe the decadent foods i saw and i tried really tried to taste it all . Sadly my stomach didnt agree with my brain lol i was too stuffed to try anything else. AND i missed the whole iltalian foods and some others. This is a definite try buffett when in Vegas IF you can afford the high prices for lunch and dinner. BUT its worth it to treat yourself at least once. YOLO
Bacchanal Buffet ranks the number 1 buffet in Las Vegas, but it ranks number 1 buffet I've ever had in my life!. . Cover photo prices are wrong, mon-fri lunch is $35.99.  But good food!  LOTS of seafood, prime rib, tri trip, sushi, pasta, pizza, salad bar, chinese, viet, and japanese.. . When you eat at Buffets, it usually goes like this:. . "Hey that's good!". "Eh, that was ok" . "Gross". "Not bad!". Alright....". . But at Bacchannal, everything was "pretty good!" I really liked the consistency.  The sea bass, seafood paella, ramen, truffle scallop potatoes, and king crab were my favorite.  I've never had a craving for any food when I go to Vegas.. (earl of sandwich is alright...) but I'm going to have a craving to go to bacchanal and try ALL the delicious food! :)
This is by far the best buffet I've ever had!  They have everything and it's fresh.  If your on the strip don't waste no more money at any other ones because you will be very pleased here even though it can be expensive.  The buffet runs for about 32.99 for lunch and 45 bucks for dinner.  Dinner kicks off at 3pm so it's best to get there between 2:30 and 3pm so you can pay the cheaper amount and be there for the dinner transaction.  . . This buffet is also ranked as the #1 buffet on the strip.  You will not be disappointed at all!
hits:. +truffle potato gratin. +hamburger sliders. +maccaroons. +sweet potato tots. +sweet potato fries. +chocolate covered oreo. +prime rib. +green tea mochi. +coffee ice cream. +attentive friendly servers. +mimosas were refilled quickly. +plates always cleared. +accomodated a huge group fairly quick went on a Saturday. . miss:. - huge line for crab legs and it wasn't that great. skinny crab legs with hardly, to no meat. skip it.. . Otherwise, everything was so good. My entire group thoroughly enjoyed the buffet so much. I will happily come back!
The best buffet ever! I'll come again next time in town!
Best buffet ever! They had so much to choose from and every single morsel of food was delicious.  Well, the crab legs were a little salty, but still good. There was an American station, along with Italian, Asian and Mexican stations overflowing with food.  Of course I had plates from each one, but my favorite item was this amazing slider from the American station. I would have had another, but I was already so full and  had to save room for dessert. They had fresh squeezed juice available as well, but I spent most of my time at the dessert bar. They had ice cream, cakes, tarts  and you could even create your own crepe. I was so excited that they had thai tea flavored ice cream. It tasted just like the drink and I was in heaven! I also had red velvet cake, pistachio ice cream and a key lime tart, which was also one of my favorites. This is officially my favorite buffet in Vegas. It was pricey, but completely worth it.
made my way back to Bacchanal but for brunch this time and i was just as impressed with this experience as i was with my dinner one! brunch starts at 7am on saturday and sunday but there was no way that our group was going to make it at that time haha. our group of 8 showed up closer to 11am on a saturday morning and there was NO LINE! . . price is $41 for brunch and that includes unlimited mimosas :) note that if you are with a party of 8, then they will charge 18% gratuity so make sure to mention your group size when you are purchasing your meal. we didnt know this so after we had paid separately without gratuity included, we all had to go back to the cashier and get gratuity added to our total - was a bit confusing but no biggie.. . we got seated right away and off to the food! there were a lot of breakfast-y items at 11am but as time progressed, we did notice food items being changed out so it was kind of cool that every time you looked at the food, you could find something different to try. seafood options included crab legs, shrimp cocktail and mussels. the carving station had a ton of options too like prime rib, beef brisket (my fave), ham, sausage, and more that i can't even remember. and omg i loved all the asian food that i tried! the har gow, congee, fried rice, chow mein, ramen- it was all legit! also loved the tacos that are made fresh for you. i stumbled upon this toward the end of the meal i had to make room for these and im glad i did cuz they were delicious! oh and desserts too - fresh churros, souflees, lava cake, ice cream, and gelato. perfect way to end the meal. we were told there was a 2 hour time limit for the table and we definitely used the entire time to eat and drink the morning away :)
Best buffet in Vegas!. . I've been here a tons, mainly because of some work in vegas. After going about 5 times, I kind of know what to avoid and what not to avoid. I try not to eat anything I can get at home. My first stop is ALWAYS the seafood section. Grab an empty plate and ask the guy for some hot crab legs. SOOOOOO GOOOOOOD! And the crab legs aren't small or difficult to eat. Also their prime rib is always perfectly cooked (medium rare). . If you go during lunch, you get unlimited champagne and mimosas included as well!. . Their juices are REALLY fresh and their desserts are pretty good. I always forget to leave room for desserts but the last time I went I made room for a crepe. You basically make your own crepe and you can throw on a couple scoops of gelato.. . Every time I go to vegas, I ALWAYS go to Bacchanal. If the line reaches the very end of the rope, I'd say that's like a 20-30 minutes wait. Not too bad. The best time to go, if you go to vegas on the weekend, is probably late lunch on Saturday since a lot of people are out at day clubs. . . It's more expensive than the others but there's a reason.
SO. GOOD. But definitely a really long line, we waited about 40 minutes at around 1 pm for Sunday Brunch. But oh it was worth it. Even at 42 per person.. . Good:. Shrimp & Grits. Dim sum. MELON JUICE (seriously amazing). Shrimp cocktail: jumbo shrimps. Sausage (when they say spicy they mean SPICY). Brisket. Waffle fries. FRESH FRUITS (omg the pineapples). Breakfast pizza: the bf really liked though I thought it was ok. Quail egg with hash (sunny side up). DESSERTS: There's a chocolate cake-y thing that was really good, there's was a crunch at the bottom that was like chocolate crisp or something and their blood orange gelato was really good too. They also had some sugar free options too though obviously they were a little more bland. . Ok:. This sandwich with strawberries, hams, and a sunny side up egg on top (I'm just a sucker for sunny side up eggs). Sushi was normal though the salmon poke was really good. Broccoli and cheese. Crab legs were a little tasteless and too cold, almost frozen. . Unlimited Mimosas
Ahhhhh, a good Vegas buffet.. Who doesn't look forward to absolute permission to eat their face off and the food coma that ensues? But since the prices of these buffets have increased so significantly in the last few years I've found it a little harder to justify multiple visits in one trip. For the same price of a buffet, I can go eat at a fun restaurant and maybe save a few calories by not having the option of eating pizza and chicken wings and French fries all in one go. My last trip to Sin City included a trip to Bacchanal at Caesar's Palace and this may have completely changed my mind about what a buffet should be and how often I'm willing to go.. . In a word...incredible. Anything you can imagine was available at their weekend brunch. From an amazing assortment of Chinese, Korean, Japanese, even Vietnamese to Italian pizza and pastas. Sliders and hot dogs to chicken and waffles to pancakes to quiche, I mean the list goes on and on. There were so many different stations (I counted a carving station, an omelet station, a pho/noodle station, a pasta station) and I think there could've been more, but after a while I knew I wouldn't be able to walk back to the room if I kept eating. There was also a fantastic array of raw sea food and sushi available. And everything was good, some items were even great (any of their pizzas and the Korean bbq short ribs, for sure!). I loved that many of the dishes were served in individual hot dishes instead of the big bulk catering dishes that everyone picks out of. The downside to that was that it made carrying things a little difficult as you could really only carry two personal dishes at a time. I'm going to try to think of a system next time I go where I can try to grab as many as five different dishes in one trip. . . I never made it to the dessert section, although my friend did declare that they had some of the best bread pudding she had ever tasted. For $45 (that's the weekend brunch price - before 3:00 PM) Bacchanal is 100% worth the money, time and calories. Drinks are included (even mimosas!), and you will definitely eat enough so that you won't me hungry for a very long time. Considering that the night before I bought a bottle of water and a very small turkey sandwich in the hotel lobby for $18, this is an absolute steal. Can't wait to go back and try this one more time!
MY NEW FAVORITE VEGAS BUFFET!  I'm sorry Wynn, but you got some good competition here. . Great variety and good quality, the most memorable being:. - King crab legs are juicy and not as salty as most other seafood buffets. - cocktail shrimp were big, fresh, and crispy. - orange juice was super sweet and tasty. - shrimp and grits - surprisingly flavorful, done cajun style with a little spice to the cheesyness of the grits. - korean short ribs - super tender and well marinated. - cold bean salad - very hearty and fresh tasting with cilantro. - potatoes gratin (?) creamy and flaky thin slices of potatoes YUM. - watermelon mint sorbet very unique. - caramel sugar butter gelato - SO GOOD!!. - fudge filled cookies. . nothing was horrible that i could not eat.  i finished everything off my plate, my only regret is that i could not fit more into my stomach, or else i would have tried more items.  my recommendation would be to go get your food in groups of 2 so if you are going to pick a pre-portioned mini individual size plate, you and your friend could plan to share it, rather than getting full off of 4 items you want to try.
tip: look for the "chef's special" tags in the buffet counters. . best buffets are cyclical.  as such, this one is the best so far. . . highlights:. -ramen, pho, udon bar (ramen's broth is amazing, pho sucks). -bbq items (brisket and sausage is just okay, not as tender as i'd hoped, just for looks in the buffett). -lamb chops (not as good as wynn's). -fresh oysters (small ones too which is great). -crepe station (could make sweet crepes with ice cream and fruits). . the newest joints will always draw the most crowds. after a few months to a year, they downgrade it drastically; offer less expensive items like fish, and all fresh berries.  good example is wicked spoon (downgraded but still very good).
It's my favorite buffet now :) My top three. Belagio, Wynn, and now Caesars :) You won't regret paying for that price! it's worth it
We went opening weekend and it was fabulous. However, I have noticed that the price has steadily increased since its opening. We had brunch for $19.99 - for what we had we underpaid. The raw bar was a great surprise - fresh shucked oysters, ceviche, shrimp cocktail. We love hitting the brunch hours for buffets, get the best of breakfast and lunch for a great price (usually). Everything from the red velvet pancakes to the fried chicken baskets was perfection. The dessert section was massive. They took a page out of the Cosmo's book and served everything individually - much more sanitary. All of the chefs behind the glass were talkative and helpful. The manager was checking in with all of the guests as well (granted it was opening weekend). The chairs are pretty hefty lounge-style armchairs which makes it a little difficult to maneuver with a hand full with a plate and your chair was tucked back in while you were gone.
Officially my favorite buffet on the strip, hands down! . Sorry Wicked Spoon.... After the hype and all the news about the greatness of Wicked Spoon, I was really disappointed in the quality of the food and the lack of variety and presentation.. . Bacchanal... Wow talk about getting what we paid for. My hubby and I absolutely loved it. We waited about an hour but man, it was worth it! Very creative in display and presentation, awesome variety of unique dishes, very scrumptious desserts, and great service!. . We will definitely be back! Thanks for the great food!
The Wicked Spoon was my favorite but now it's Bacchanal! . . My husband, along with our two daughters dined here for lunch on my youngest daughter's Sweet 16 on May 19th. . . The wait was a little long...about 20 minutes and I was getting agitated that whenever the Elite folks walked up, they were seated ahead of us. But in the end, it was definitely worth the wait.. . Everything was fresh. There was so much to choose from which made it really difficult to decide what to eat. I made sure I chewed slowly and sampled small portions of just about everything. Everyone at my table was stuffed but I was still nibbling on yumminess I shall never forget. . . It is pricey though, so we'll save this spot for very special occasions. $177 and change is nothing to play with so bring your fat wallet, be ready to tip your very capable waiter or waitress and get your grub on!. . I really need to get that Diamond Elite status card. Can someone hook me up!
Damn Gina!!!!  I don't do buffets that much, nor do I do Vegas that much, but I will do BOTH again, if just for this place.. . Our early-ass flight landed at 7:30am, so we headed straight for Ceasar's to be there when this place opened at 8am.  There was already a line (at 7:45 in the morning on a saturday in vegas! and people didn't look as if they had just stumbled in from the club) so you know it's good.. . We slow-walked in to get a good look at all the offerings and my mouth is watering now just thinking of them.... We finally got our larger group to sit all together (18% automatic gratuity for parties over 8) and proceeded to HOG OUT. . . Some highlights: mini stacks of red-velvet pancakes, soup dumplings and shiu mai, fresh squeezed juices (we were partial to watermelon which we added to our bottomless - and included!!! - mimosas. melo-mosas, if you will), tiny fryer baskets of sweet potato tots, mini fried chicken and waffles, lots of interesting sausage and bacon, individual cuts of croque madame and monsieur, corned beef hash with quail egg!!!, and unbelievable eggs benedict served like 80 ways - one on top of a crab cake!  Also they had your standard seafood, pizza, omelette station, lots of bread and pastries (waste of valuable stomach space), and unlimited drinks.. . But then, oh, but then.... The dessert bar. So much scrumptiousness.  At least 15 kinds of gelato, cakes, pies, cupcakes, even sugar free cheesecake!  And barrels of jelly bellys!. . We stayed for three glorious hours.. WORTH IT.
yum yum yum yum YUMMM! Need I say more?! Thank you Caesars for opening this!. . Dinner price: roughly 67 dollars after tax and not including tip. . Yes the wait is long, plan to at least stand in line for a good hour to hour and a half. . . Staff is really friendly, professional, nice, and sometimes you may bump into this really funny guy who works the roasted meat cutting section. . . Their seafood! my seafood lovers come here! They have giant shrimps that makes all other buffets shrimp cocktail look like little wimpy shrimps. They offer fresh crab legs already cut in half for you as well as steamed cut ones too. Oysters! Mussels! Occasionally clams! Ceviche! Huge moist scallops! Lobster stuffed bite sized rolls and so much more! . . Their meats are really juicy, smoked, and tender too. I'm not a huge red meat fan but it is definitely amazing! I tried a bit of their lamb chops, roast beef, and tri-tip if i remember correctly, and it was all really good. occasionally on the salty side so I didn't eat too much. But my meat loving friends were drooling over their plates lets just say that haha. . . They have your usual chinese food section which I didn't touch along with their mexican food and italian foods. They have your usual italian meats and cheeses as well. The salad bar is really nice with a lot of side items for you to make anything you want. I loved how they had starfruit the last time I went, I took them all at one point haha, so yummy! They also have ramen and pho.. . Other random things I ate that I can remember: sushi was mediocre but fresher the past two times I went. Seaweed salad yum, roasted duck yummy, fruits like watermelon, pineapple, greek salads, yum yum, shu mai, pork buns, egg rolls, spring rolls, shrimp dumpling, some other dumpling, they had this really good traditional asian chicken soup I forget what it was called but it was good! Oh and the sliders are yummy too, juicy juicy!. . The deserts! Oh my favorite part of my meal that I wanted to eat first but refrained. huge selection of icecream gelato compared to other places. Get the watermelon mint one for something refreshing! That one is my favorite! Next is the blood orange flavored. Wish the thai tea was more distinct in flavor. All the other coffee, caramel, toffee, and etc flavors were good too :) Watermelon mint is simply the most refreshing for me after a massive ginormous meal! Macrons! Bread puddings! gummy bears! They won me over just that much more with the big jar of gummy bears to let us help ourselves, my inner fat me in heaven! different brulees, tarts, cheese cakes, cotton candy, cookies, puddings, flan, and custom crepes!!. . This place is great or their: seafood, meats, and deserts! Definitely worth a try! . . Oh yea and large party tip: for groups of 8 or more you will be charged gratuity automatically so I would suggest splitting up into two groups and just suck it up and sit separately so you can get seated faster. Been waiting in long for so long already all you want to do is grub!!
OH MY GOSH. Bacchanal is so delicious.. . If you're going to go on a Vegas buffet binge, don't start here or else you'll just be disappointed by all the others. The buffet is massive. MASSIVE. And pretty much everything I ate was delicious. . . I wasn't a fan of the truffle scalloped potatoes since the truffle oil was a little overwhelming. The korean short ribs were delicious. You can make your own crepes. The vanilla fleur de sel gelato was yummy. . . I could keep going on and on and on about everything I ate, but the rule that we followed for Bacchanal was, "Eat until you can't eat any longer. Then take a breath, and do it again.". . We didn't eat again for the rest of the night. #winning
Let me start by saying I do not like buffets- vats of food sitting under a heat lamp that is picked at by 100's of guests inst my idea of good food. However, this place changed my mind on buffets, there is a reason its the best buffet in town. The options seem to be endless, from Mexican to sushi to made to order pasta to crab legs and oyster shooters this place is unreal. The decor is fabulous, very trendy and you don't feel like your in a dimly lit smoky casino. There is a lot of natural lighting and views of the pool from inside. There wasn't anything I tried that was sub-par, everything was fantastic. Highly recommend checking this place out- it will change your mind on buffets.
Delicious! It is among the more expensive but definitely worth it. Great selection, knowledgeable, friendly staff. Food was fresh and hot even at an off-peak time. Worth it!
When it comes to buffets, Caesar's is king.  It comes with a royal price tag, but that $50 per person is your golden ticket to an otherworldly buffet experience.  Not only are the sheer quantities staggering (they boast more than 500 offerings), but the quality and presentation were of a level that I've never experienced at a buffet before.  You will not find large troughs of food of indeterminate age and freshness here, oh no.  Most of their dishes are prepared in individual miniature-size servings.  You can serve yourself as many as you want, of course, but for those who are trying to sample as many different dishes as possible, the individual servings help with portion control.  Plus, the often adorable miniature presentation appealed to my girlish sensibilities.. . I had six courses, and I'll attempt to recount as much as possible:. . Course 1:  Salad and Asian. Watermelon and feta salad (great flavor combination), some sort of beet salad, selection of sushi, ahi poke.. . Course 2:  Mexican. Tostada, pozole, Mexican streetcorn.  The tostada and corn were delicious, and I loved that the corn was about a sixth of an ear (back to that sampling size concept).  The pozole was pretty good, but my mother-in-law makes some pretty amazing pozole, and I don't know if anyone else's could ever stack up.. . Course 3:  Meat. Have you ever been to an all-you-can-eat churrascaria where the waiters come around with platters upon platters of different kinds of meats?  This is what the carving block at Bacchanal is like, only you get it yourself and it's all in one location.  It was like a giant meat parade.  I loved the lamb chops (with a little mint jelly, natch). . . Course 4:  Seafood. Yet another adorable presentation:  the mini clam bake buckets.  Small buckets with a few clams, a few slices of Andouille sausage, and a tiny piece of corn on the cob.  Aside from that, I had mussles and some shrimp and grits.  If you've ever had really good shrimp and grits (such as those from Charleston) these might fall a little short of your expectations, but they were my no means bad.  . . Course 5:  Fruit and Cheese. They had such an enticing selection, I just couldn't say no.. . Course 6:  The big one.  The piece de resistance.  The whole reason why I was there ... DESSERT!  I literally made three trips to the dessert bar to collect as many delectable dishes as I could.  (Does that mean I actually had eight courses and not six?)  So many desserts ... I had cheesecake and mousse and cookies and creme brulee and chocolate lava cake and cupcakes and panna cotta and macarons and pecan pie and red velvet cake, and I know I'm forgetting so much more.  I'll just upload a pic; there's no way I could recount all this.  . . Bacchanal was a feast unlike any I've had before ... and I didn't even have to make a trip to the vomitorium when I was done.  The next time I'm in Vegas, I would absolutely, without hesitation, fork over another $50 for another ticket to paradise.
Give you large amounts of prime rib and brisket.. . Fresh squeezed juice: tropical, orange, melon, etc.. . Buffet with waiter service.. . Noodle station with pho and tonkatsu ramen.. . Sushi, dim sum station, italian food station, mexican food.. . Lots of unique ice cream flavors.. . Creme Brulee was not good consistency. The top was nicely torched, but the bottom was liquid rather than a creamy creme brulee consistency.. . 3pm is when lunch ends and dinner begins.
The best most authentic buffet I have ever eaten at. Period.
Good golly, I love writing positive review updates. . . My first experience at Bacchanal last winter was pretty lackluster. The breakfast items were nearly cold, there was no spoon in the rice cooker, and I just didn't dig it.. . I went back tonight for dinner and--Holy Macaroni!--it was a huge improvement. NOW I understand what the raves are about. Bacchanal may even bump Wynn's Buffet from my #1 spot. Maybe.. . Some specifics:. . The first thing I noticed was that the piles and piles of shelled shrimp were beautifully sized and looked freshly cooked. If there's one disgusting thing I see again and again at buffets, it's limp, flavorless, pasty, waterlogged shrimp sitting on half-melted ice. Not here. Not today. Bacchanal's shrimps were absolutely perfect. . . The carving station was literally STACKED with piles of various meats ready to be served. Piles of freshly-smoked chicken. House made sausages. A huge roast beef. Now, get this: As I eyed the prime rib, I asked the carver if he had an end cut available. Lawd have mercy, do I loves the end cuts! He looked at the piece he was working on and said, "not on this one. Somebody got to them already." Then, without missing a beat, he put his fork in one of the other 5 prime ribs at the station and cut off a beautiful end piece just for me. Now THAT'S five star service, my friends.. . Delicious barbacoa at the Mexican station. Tasty Kung Pao chicken in the Asian area.. . But.. There.. Is.. One.. Thing.. . Once again tonight, there was no spoon in the rice cooker!  Just like on my initial visit. I couldn't believe it. So, again, I drafted a nearby soup spoon for serving purposes. Crazy.. . Do yourself a favor. Hit up Bacchanal. And consider going during off-peak times. Maybe 3pm to 4:30pm for dinner. There's no line, the dining room is not cramped, and you can get around the serving areas with ease.  Oh, please remember, Bacchanal is BYORCS (Bring Your Own Rice Cooker Spoon).
Great buffett restaurant. Remember to diet before you come here!. . The buffett spread is amazing. . The price/person is reasonable.. . Be sure to arrive early, the line gets pretty long. Regardless of time.. . The service is quite slow; so this is the only thing needs to be improved.. . The restaurant is very clean and well-decorated.. . I enjoyed my experience here.
My all time-favorite buffet of LAS VEGAS. Bacchanal...yes bacch - ANAL...named formerly from the God of Wine and Festivities/Intoxication...BACCHUS!. . Anywho...this buffet is a MUST GET for me. I WILL NOT LEAVE VEGAS WITHOUT DINING HERE! YEs its that GUUD! In fact...I would even be willing to skip out on a night of clubbing to dine here! Yep thats right...I would rather get a table at BACCHANAL vs. XS, MARQUEE, SURRENDER, etc.... . Heres a lil 411 on this buffet. Caesars Palace placed $15 MILLION into this buffet. Let me say this again...they put $15 FREAKING MILLION! With over 25,000 square feet and over 500 items to choose from...yah this place is going to be guud. Lets go on an adventure inside.... . What makes this place so guud? Here are my reasons and some things; errrr I mean many things that stand out to me:. -most buffets are either known for their quantity (but with high quantity comes low quality) or quality (with high quality...comes with low quantity). This place has the right balance of both but toan even greater extent. In my world and my eyes...BACCHANAL has the MOST QUANTITY WITH THE HIGHEST QUALITY!. -No joke...this buffet line is LONG!. -the orange juice here...next to the seafood section...this is seriously the best tasting orange juice that Ive ever had. If there was a GUINNESS BOOK WORLD RECORDS ON BEST TASTING ORANGE JUICE...this place would have to be it. -I usually judge a buffet by its prime rib, pasta, fried chicken, and pizza. Yes the prime rib is so tender and juicy. Yes the pasta is al dente to the correct italian taste w/o any liquidy runny pasta sauce. The fried chicken is crisp and juicy...just how its suppose to be. And the pizza...finally...crust with a crunch...and toppings that dont slide off as your about to bite into it. WIN!. -they have a noodle bar! Big plus for me...I love noodles...especially as a hangover meal. The selection they have are: PHO, UDON, RAMEN. -I love HOT AND SOUR SOUP...any buffet with this soup is a win! and this place has it! Obviously Im a huge noodle fan...my lil secret is to get noodles from the asian noodle bar...and add hot and sour soup to it. One of my favorite Taiwanese/Chinese soup and noodle dishes.. -the BBQ and MEAT section....drool for days that I could make a puddle. The BRISKET...errr maiii godd. So guud. They also have a variety of sausages...from turkey to spiced to artisan, etc... FAT SLABS OF BACON...yes thats right!! and others as well too. -a TACO BAR? cant be that great right? WRONG! with their homemade salsas and avocado sauce...the tacos are quite yummy to be honest.. -etc.... . As you can see...and from the ratings and blogs from all over the net...BACCHANAL...is the number 1 buffet in Vegas...and definitely top 3 if not. It is a must go for everyone...and obviously me of course. . . Put this way...when I come to vegas...its not that Im excited to gamble...its not that Im excited to night club...its not that Im excited to day party (well sometimes I am)...IM EXCITED TO EAT AT BUFFETS...specifically this one!. . VERY VERY WELL RECOMMENDED...this is a MUST GO!. . UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
+Oyster shooters and crab legs!!!. +Dessert is amazing.. +So much variety, there's definitely something for everyone. . -Sugar-free desserts don't taste like anything. -They don't warn you when you have to wait for things tocook....like the crab legs. So you just wait until they're ready for you again :\. . It's ~$30 for brunch during the weekdays and closer to $45 during weekends. $50 for dinner. BUT. If you stick around the seafood section, the amount of crab legs and oysters and oyster shooters you get makes the price TOTALLY worth it. . The desserts are amazing. Definitely get a crepe and some of their mousse creations. The tiramisu is to die for! . They even have dim sum as part of their buffet! Win!
Best buffet I had in Vegas. Hands down.. . The GREAT. -Huge selection. -Food tasted great. . The OK. -Pricey. . Notice, there is no Bad.. . Only good things come from this place.. . Dessert, fresh squeezed juice, 18hr brisket, korean short rib, crab legs, oysters, need I say more?  . . I made the mistake of going to Bacchanal early on my trip in Vegas. It made every other buffet seem inferior.. . Service was good.  We had to pay the Memorial Day Weekend rate ($55pp), but it was well worth it.. . In the wise words of a college friend - when you come to this place you need to do the following. . 1. Eat the good stuff. 2. Keep Eating. 3. Can you move? If yes, then keep getting food. If not, then stop and wait. Breathing exercises. 4. Eat whatever it took to get you stuffed all over again.. 5. Sleep.. 6. You won't be hungry for the rest of the day.. . . This buffet is everything that is great about America and everything that's wrong with it too.. . Purely amazing. I'll be hitting up Bacchanal again next time I'm in Sin City.
This location was a bit on the pricey side but also the only splurge-type place I ate on my most recent trip to Vegas.. . I won't lie. I got my first plate filled and went back for plate #2 without batting an eye. I wanted to try everything! I somehow even saved room for a massive amount of desserts including baklava ice cream!. . Our server, Michael, was wonderful.
We tried Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal in two consecutive nights.  Both were excellent buffet choices in Vegas.  You can't go wrong with either one. These are the gourmet buffet when comparing to the older buffet choices.  Lots of choices.  Portion are set in individual plates.  The chef or server is there to help you or freshly cook your serving.. . By the way, Bacchanal is definitely better than Wicked Spoon buffet.   We found that the Bacchanal has more variety and may taste a little better.  Service and settings were both excellent.
WOW!!!  Expensive for a buffet, but well worth the price.  Crab legs looked good,but as I prefer mine hot, I passed.  Apparently there are Italian and Chinese options available, but I got sidetracked by the prime rib and a GIANT FREAKING MEAT AXE!!  I love ribeye, and with the bone-in, it is delightful.  This giant steak had a good foot long rib bone to use as a handle.  Wonderfully rare and tender, I want one now, just writing about it.  The best part was my then unmarried wife and a female friend of ours also partaking of the giant whole ribeye, and watching several men in line hang their heads in shame.  I was so proud.  This is a must-visit venue.
A group of us had feasted here at the fabulous Bacchanal eight months ago and loved it, so of course only this biggest and arguably best Buffet in the world was good enough for the big reception party following the marriage of Mike C. to Jackie R. here in Vegas today!. . As expected, every bite from the huge selection of 500 items tasted terific today, of course also again it was all accompanied by stellar table service, and most importantly, a great time was had by all!. . Yes, there's a reason why even though this place seats nearly 600 at a time, there is a line outside waiting to get in.  This place is a LIFE EXPERIENCE!!     :-)). . Bacchanal Buffet Weekday Dinner:  $45.99 includes soft and/or bar drinks (or come a little before 11 AM & save about half).
Probably one of the highlights of my vegas trip. Came here for brunch with some friends (8 total). I would definitely recommend coming early, earlier the better, as this place can't get packed with long wait times. It's a little pricey but about average for vegas....definitely a MUST TRY though. I would label it as one of the better buffets in Vegas at this time. Prior to Bacchanal I was a fan of WIcked Spoon, but always great to have an alternative. For brunch it was $41/person plus 18% gratuity(additional $15/person) because of our large party. Bacchanal has a great space and lay out very spacious and airy. It overlooks the Cesar Palace swimming pool. They have a variety of stations which offer a selection of foods from: breakfast food, southern comfort, seafood bar, juice bar, mexican, italian, asian food, carving station. GREAT selection of food and each prepared in small portions served on individual plates/servings. During brunch they also offer bottemless mimosa (so drink up and make that $41 worth it) Aside from all the food they offer a great dessert bar with a wide variety to baked desserts, cakes, cookies, freshly made to order souffle's and a selection of gelato. Treat yourself and make sure to drop by Bacchanal you will not be disappointed. COME HUNGRY!!!!
Best.. Buffet.. Ever.. .. . Everything that I ate here was good. Even the small shao long bao's were good, and they are never good at buffets! Even the gyoza's were good and those are never good at any place other than a true asian joint. Even the pho was good and that's sometimes not even good at pho places.. . The only thing that's wrong with Bacchanal? They serve Pepsi instead of Coke. Change that up and they will take over the world.
This place BEATS all the buffets I've tried here in this sinful-gluttonous city of Las Vegas. Just freaking get your ass here and try their food. It's WORTH THE LONG HOUR + WAIT. Quality here is phenomenally amazing. Portions are just right for your meal. The food here is flavorful enough to tickle your taste buds. Great place to rage for hangover food after a night of drinking, double-fisting, and dancing. I'm definitely coming back here again and again every time I visit Vegas. . . Service is even excellent here. As for the decor, amazing! Their dessert buffet is to die for. From their succulent quality of their gelato to their scrumptious, thick and fatty caramelized flan. UGH. DROOL.
We went to the buffet for breakfast. The selection of foods was amazing. . Everything was fresh and tasty, and the food was kept up to high standard even though it is a buffet. . The presentation was awesome and good service in all stations.. Although the price is pretty steep ($25/person), It is well worth it.. Consider going a bit later (The breakfast is serves from 7am to 11 am) and make it a brunch :) You will definitely wont want lunch after!
Took my Grandma here for her birthday, and blew the Bellagio buffet out of the water! All of us had been to the Bellagio last year and even though we still love that buffet, we all agreed this one wins. Great spread, and cheaper by $8. Plus they got realky creative with their presentation
Hands down the BEST buffet in Las Vegas. It does live up to its hype. I suggest if you're in town go to THIS buffet. I mean visiting Las Vegas, it is all about eating at buffets! The dessert section as always was my favorite!! They have all kinds of flavors of mochi ice creams and so far I have not seen any buffets serve mochi ice creams. The interior and the decor is beautiful and the seating from what I remember was very spacious, unlike other buffets besides the Studio-B buffet, the tables are so close to one another you will be able to hear strangers that are next to you chew on their foods. (annoying!) and of course the quality of the food is great. I think this is the biggest buffet I have ever been to.
Hands down.. Best Buffet EVER!!!!  Everything was on point!!  From the seafood, steaks, asian; and not to mention.. DESSERTS!!!  Better than Wicked Spoon, Wynn's Buffet and Bellagio's Buffet... This is a MUST GO!. . We went around 3pm and the wait was approximately 30 mins... Not too bad
Wow...it's extensive, and the selections are great.  The quality and quantity are far better than most Vegas buffets.  At over $50, it's pricey, but nothing in comparison to what you'd pay at many high-end Vegas restaurants.  I'd highly recommend it!
5/5 for sure. Did a random turnaround trip my with friends and decided to hit Vegas for shopping, a big/good lunch, drinks and some games at night, then head home. This buffet was definitely one of our highlights of our 1 day trip.. . The Price:. I usually talk about the "food" first, but I think the price should go first so my post attracts others. Go to the buffet on a weekday if you're looking for a cheaper price. Weekend lunch/dinner I believe is $50 and UP. We came on a Wed lunch at around 2:30pm and the price was $35 ($34 if you are a rewards member) per person. I was skeptical about the buffet because most buffets I've been too are generally cheap with cheap quality food, but my group came down her to try it out cuz we heard it was awesome so we went ahead and paid. TOTALLY worth it!. . The Food:. Like I said earlier, I was skeptical about this place. Oh man this by far the best buffet ever. Just like any other buffet, they serve all kinds of food, but maybe more cultures. Best part is, their food is QUALITY food that you can taste. Like their prime rib was delicious. It was super tender and they give generous amounts and have a side sauce with it (not the bottled sauces like A1, actual steak sauce, maybe the marination sauce or w/e). Their Italian sausage was good, but I couldn't eat it, way too spicy (as how it should be). I got a little of everything. Hard to describe the food if I don't have pics. Best part is, they had freaking Dim Sum! I was like, NO WAY (well of course including regular Chinese dishes) but I picked up Sui Mai, tasted just as if I went to a Dim Sum restaurant. Not only that, but there was crab legs, sushi, oysters. I'm not a seafood fan but my friends that picked that stuff up said it was totally fresh. Everything was sooooo good! Sucks thought I wasn't as hungry as I usually was so I couldn't eat everything but I'd be willing to go the next day again if I could.. . Their desserts were AWESOME! They had what I thought was a candy bar, but the candies were there just for show; however, they had all kinds of desserts. Numerous ranging from some Italian chocolate that was epic, to chocolate cake, to tiramisu, and all the way to Mochi. Mochi?! YES THEY HAD IT! Again, it's hard to describe with pics and just naming may not sound enough, but trust, the food and desserts were QUALITY tasting food. Not boxed stuff from like Costco (I'm not saying those are bad, it's just generic tasting food).. . When a buffet or food joint offers "specialty" foods like mochi, tiramisu, dim sum, curly/sweat potato fries, crab legs, oysters, sushi, etc etc etc, IT HAS TO BE WORTH IT!. . The Aesthetics:. It's Caesar's Palace, of course the place is gonna look spotless and high end, and it was no doubt about that. Very nice chandeliers, nice/clean seats, and just nice overall glass decorations and what not. Everything was presented in a professional and high end manner including the food. . . The Wait:. The wait for us was only like 10 minutes most likely because we didn't come at peak hours (2:30pm) and we came on a Wednesday; however, I can definitely see how the wait is a turn off cuz the place is a buffet. People will be there a long time. But just to say it, I would wait 2 hours for this buffet. Because in those 2 hours, I would get more hungry and pig out even more and gain 20lbs and it would be worth it haha.. . The Others:. There were lots of waiters (well not really waiters, just workers that brought in drinks) and I guess you call them bell boys/girls that always came promptly to pick up the plates which was great.  The atmosphere alone was just so relaxing. Being in Vegas, having high quality food at a nice hotel and just being away from it all just made this place and food taste so good.. . . Anyways. Totally worth the price, I would even go here for $50 on the weekend. 5/5 stars on everything! This place is a MUST GO TO buffet every time you're in Vegas! Next time I go I wanna get a hotel at Caesars :). . Edit-side note:. I've been reading other posts saying that this place not being worth the price. Dudes an dudettes, this is Vegas. This is Caesar's Palace where all their indoor shops are ungodly expensive European or Asian brands. Tbh, one must be pretty naive to rate this place low because of the price. You're in the wrong hotel/casino or just the wrong city. Don't buy one of those  big azz street fruity drinks which is $35+ depending on your shots. Save that money go to this buffet. If you want cheap buffet, go to Hometown Buffet lolz, just say'in
This is seriously the best buffet I've ever been to in life!!!. . The wait is super long! But we were platinum so we got seated real quick! The dirty looks of the people waiting in line were a little scary!. . The food selection is EXCELLENT. Seriously the best selection I've ever seen! Corn dogs, Waffle fries, sweet potato fries, raw oysters, clam bakes, mochi ice cream, macaroons, SO MUCH STUFFFFFF. The items also come really classy! They have cute little tin buckets, and little steamers for their xiao long bao's. The only problem is that there are so many people, there are LINES to get certain food items. . . Our server was mediocre....but all the other workers were really nice and helpful!
The wait might be a pain but this place is definitely worth it. Easily one of the best buffets I've been to on the strip. Huge selection of meat and seafood and everything tasted really fresh. I've been to most of the buffets on the strip and this one is easily my new favorite.
An amazing buffet. Definitely one of the best on the strip (and I've been to almost all of them).  Though pricey, the price definitely matches the quality. I seriously must have eaten half of the 300 dishes they had to offer at dinner and liked every single thing I ate. If you like buffets, you should ask for the buffet of buffets which give u access to 5 other buffets on the strip for free for the next 24 hours and its only 15 dollars more. Do not pass this up. Oh yeah, plan on waiting in line for 40min to a couple hours. Even though this place seats 600, it's just that popular.
After eating the Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon Buffet two trips in a row I was looking for something else, something MORE, something new... low and behold it was just a couple hotels down the street waiting for my arrival.. . Unfortunately it isn't the cheapest of places and I was prepared for that, because sometimes great food doesn't have a price. It was EDC weekend and it was Saturday brunch/lunch time so my wait time was around 45 minutes - one hour (like I said, I will do almost anything for food). Once we paid at the cashier it was another 15-20 minutes and that was a definite struggle as the smells from the continental buffet filled our nostrils and my tummy grumbled in anger. . . FINALLY, we were seated and I immediately mapped out my game plan: I hit the mexican station first, then ventured to the asian section, the fried foods/american section, the seafood section, and lastly the desserts. Although in theory this worked well, it was a mission trying to decide what I wanted at these various sections because everything looked appetizing. I didn't get a chance to try a bite of everything because there isn't enough space in my stomach for 8 countries of food. . . Here are some unique dishes that aren't at your atypical buffet: meatballs with bowtie pasta, fresh made to order crepes, baked chocolate chip cookies, brown butter caramel ice cream, al pastor tacos, oysters, mussels, xiao long bao (YES, I am from Arcadia this was a big deal). . . This is a vegas MUST TRY I don't care what your favorite buffet is currently, JUST FORGET ABOUT IT, because you go BACCH, you always go back.
King Of Buffet's!!!  This place is truly one of the BEST BUFFET's in Vegas.  The quality of food and variety is just ridiculous.  The decor is really upscale and very clean.  The service is excellent and the waiters are really attentive with refills and cleaning up used plates.  The price for the Buffet is on the expensive side but you get what you paid for in quality and variety.  The Buffet is situated inside Cesars Palace so parking should not be an issue.  My fiancee and I did not have to wait at all to get in because we had an early dinner around 5PM.  The usual wait from we have heard from others is between 1-2 hours depending on the day of the week.  . . I for one am a big fan of crab legs and oysters and Bacchanal really has one of the freshest seafood selections around.  Located literally smack dab in the front of the Buffet line right when you walk in so its pretty difficult to miss.  The meat selection is filled with massive slabs of everything you can think of.  One of my favorite was the lamb chops that was just delicious.  There is even a Udon/Ramen section where the chef will make whatever you like right on the spot and you can add the toppings on your own.  In the back where they have all the chinese food you can also find chinese chicken herbal soup that explodes with flavor.  The dessert section is also just out of this world.  They have a whole variety of mochi ice cream, gelato, and the usual sea of dessert cakes and goodies.  My favorite was the sesame mochi and the thai tea gelato.  . . I would suggest looking at the whole buffet selection before you start getting anything so you can get an idea of how massive the buffet actually is.  This way you can map out what you plan to get and not get stuck missing out on food because you are so damn full.  Make sure you wear loose clothes because you will probably need the extra space.
I'm a huge fan of raw oysters...I think I had 20 raw oysters this last visit...they were absolutely delicious!! Especially on a hot summer day.  I felt bad for the guy shucking the oysters.  He has a tough job, but at least the oysters made me very happy! . . The guys working at the seafood section were really nice and were quick to heat up a plate of crab legs for those in line.  . . For dessert, I really enjoyed how we can make our own crepes...not the crepe skin, but we get to customize the toppings ourselves which is nice.  I loved the crepe skin--it really hit the spot, especially with some nutella on top.  I also tried their macaroons and those were amazing! I'm addicted to macaroons now because of bacchanal.  I actually have tried other places' macaroons, and I still think Bachannal's is one of the best.
Excellent food, everything was perfectly cooked, and carefully made to perfection. Each and every item I ate was superb and can't wait to go back for more.  The only negative thing was the long line getting in but what do you expect when coming in on a Friday? :-)
Let me start off by saying that I visited this place with the expectation that it was an overprice gimmick. Let me continue by saying our first attempt at Bacchanal met with a two hour wait that scared us off halfway down the strip. . . It was the next day, in our second attempt, that we made it inside Bacchanal (3:00pm is a great time to beat the line). As we entered, the cynical bastard inside me was looking for something to complain about . . . but I just couldn't.  I was surrounded by such a myriad of different kinds of food that I was overwhelmed.  I figured at this point that Bacchanal's key was quantity over quality. It was time to actually try some of these dishes and put that theory to the test.. . While skipping about, gathering a virtual cornucopia of food, I was admittedly excited. I carried back a plate with various sushi rolls, noodles, shrimp, sliders, and even a cute metal basket full of tater tots (Yes, a bloody basket of tater tots . . . the kind that the buffets in heaven are said to have). Again, looking for something to complain about, I couldn't. Everything I brought back with me was fantastic. . . My charming companion's plate was equally impressive and she was thoroughly pleased. I never did get an articulate opinion out of her, however, as she did not manage to say much beyond "NOM" amid intermittent giggles of delight. We each tried everything the other brought back. . . I am not a big dessert person, however the psiren song coming from the dessert bar entranced me. Before us lay innumerable gourmet treats. Everything from fancy tarts, to cheese cake, to macaroons and chocolate covered strawberries. I think I managed to get back to my table with four or five treats as my companion continued to circle the bar like a ship trapped in the grip of Charybdis. She returned a few minutes later with a triumphant smile, carrying with her several sweet looking trophies.  As the culinary orgy continued,  the name of the buffet began to make perfect sense.. . We went up for more after . . . . . I cannot begin to describe how pleased we were with the Bacchanal, and how happy I was to be wrong in my assumptions. I expected your typical buffet food, but found the quality to be on par with most fine dining establishments. I thought I would at least be able to complain about the price, but honestly? We easily ate more than forty-five dollars worth of food in sushi and desserts alone. . . I would describe this buffet as the perfect vacation restaurant. Obviously it's not something you'd want to do every day (unless of course you are rich), but dining at the Bacchanal is an experience that you will not soon forget. We are already planning on visiting next time we make it down to Vegas.
This was my first time at this buffet extravaganza.  I will give you my opinions and throw in those of my friends who dined here before.  We arrived at 5 pm on a Wed. evening.  The line was not terrible but was growing.  Wait was probably 15 mins.  Still $50 for a weekday dinner.  Military id gets you seated first.  From the front, the buffet does not look that big...but it does stretch to the back.  You are first impressed with the shucking area (oysters) and crab legs.  I couldn't take my eyes off of it.... We were seated towards the middle and drink orders were taken right away.  For a buffet, the service was pretty darn good.  There seemed to be 2 waiters helping us and drinks were refilled and plates cleared quite promptly.  . When it came to the food, I am the type to try a few things and go back for the things that I liked.  So here are my highlights.... -  Oysters:  just ok.  We had Aquaknox the night before and you couldn't compare it.  But this was the first time I had oysters at a buffet in vegas, so I give them points for even offering.  I didn't try the shooters next to them, but my friends said they were also tasty. -  Crab legs/shrimps:  This is my vice.  I love crab legs.  I thought in general, the legs were on the small and wimpy side.  With that said, I like the fact that you can get them warmed  (not a given at other buffets).  I also like the drawn butter dispenser.  The shrimp was also really good and they had a nice cocktail sauce to go with it.. - Meats:  Lots of good looking meat product, all displayed behind a glass wall.  I thought in general, it was very good.  My favorite was the lamb chops.  Very juicy and flavorful.  One of the best lamb chops that I have had (Carnevino was actually my favorite).  The brisket was good, a tad on the sweet side.  Baby back ribs were ok.  I added the BBQ sauce to it.  Every one thought the prime rib was really good as well.  Very satisfied with the meat offering.  I also liked the mac n' cheese that was served next to it.. - Sliders/Fried Chicken:  The sliders were good.  I didn't fill myself with it, but in any other situation, I would have consumed more.  I thought the friend chicken was really tasty and crispy.  I liked how they served them individually and kept them fresh.  They didn't seem to sit there for more than 5 mins.. -  Sushi:  Pretty decent for a buffet.  I loved the poke that they served.  Great flavor. - Asian:  Great asian selection. - Dessert:  ONe of the best selection that I have been to.  Huge gelato display (espresso was the best) along with Mochi ice cream (haven't seen that before).  The girls loved the macaroons that were served.. . I was pretty impressed since this was my first time here.  My friends that have dined here before thought the level had dropped a notch.  I think that is how Vegas buffets go.  When they first open up, service and food are at a peak.  Then as time goes by, things tend to drop.  I just like the fact that most of the items seems to be very fresh.  I would definitely return, just not sure if I would wait 1-2 hrs for this.
Came here at 10:50 and was able to pay the breakfast price just before lunch prices started. WIN! . . There's a reason why there's so many 5 star reviews, THEY HAVE EVERYTHING. I was so overwhelmed, and I desperately tried to only take bites of everything to save room but I still couldn't try it all. This buffet is a definite must if you're on the strip!
#1 Las Vegas Buffet!!!!. . I've tried almost all of the buffets, and this is by far the best one out of them all. It might be more expensive, but it is worth it!. . You can expect a variety of premium dishes:. -Authentic Chinese. -Mexican. -Beef/Meat cuts. -Seafood. -DESERTSSSSSSSEX (they had macarons, a gelato bar, creme brulee etc). -Freshly Squeezed Carrot, Cucumber, Orange, Trop Juice. -Many More. . I love this place. It is worth it to go the breakfast since it is significantly cheaper (try to arrive before 11am!) Lunch and Dinner are about the same price 35-37 total.
The BEST buffet that I have ever been to. Amazing.. . We probably waited about 30 minutes until we got seated and of course you know you have to go when lunch is almost done and dinner is about to start to get the best of both worlds.. . There is so much high quality food at Bacchanal, it will not disappoint. Some of the notable mentions would be:. . Lamp chops. Roast duck. Hot and sour soup. PRIME RIB. Ramen and pho station. Dim sum. KING CRAB LEGS (cold or steamed). Mussels. Oysters. Seabass. Lobster bisque. Seafood paella. BLOOD ORANGE SORBET. Creme Brulee. Macarons. . All caps means MUST TRY! Even the more simple, typical plates were high quality: pasta, fresh shrimp, salad bar, pizza, sliders, chicken nuggets, fries, etc.. . Be aware that if you have more than 8 people in your party, they will automatically add on a 18% gratuity fee.. . Bacchanal will now be my default buffet when I visit Vegas...that is...until another hotel decides to build or revamp an even better one.
We've been to a couple of buffets in Vegas. This was the best, by far. There was a great selection and the food was fantastic.
The lines were long, the wait was long, but I guess it was worth it?. My friends loved this place, and so did I (kind of).  I wasn't feeling too hot, and so I didn't get to grub like a beast like I would usually do.. One of my friends signed up for a card w/ the hotel, and he got a free $10 play certificate for redemption and got $1 off per person who ate at the buffet with him.  Sweet!  (Dinner buffet is ~$45.). . For those who like home designs etc, in line if you look at the lights you'll notice that cups were used as the design around the lights.  Looks pretty nice.. . The lines were super long for the seafood section.  Right behind that was the meat section.   My friends feasted in both sections, especially in the seafood section.  They were animals.  There were also Mexican food and Chinese and so on.  If you like dessert, it's in a different section separate from the buffet--right in the middle of the restaurant.  My stomach was hurting so I didn't really try any of it, but my friends did and loved it.  Some went back for seconds, and thirds.  Crazy...
This was probably the best buffetI have ever had. In my entire. Life. Of course, it was probably also the most expensive buffet I have ever had in my entire life, but that sounds about right.. . Came here after my friend kept raving about it.  This is part of the Harrah's chain and therefore part of the buffet pass, but try to go when it's NOT a long weekend, as you have to pay a premium.  The pass was about $100 per head (buffet pass, weekend upgrade, long weekend upgrade, $25 premium for Buccanal).. . The lineup was faster than expected.  Even though the entire queuing area was completely full, we got through in about 50 minutes.. . Seriously, if you ever wanted allyoucaneat fine dining, this is it.  Right here.  Alaska king crab?  Lamb chops?  Steak?  Oysters?  The food here tasted much better than many restaurants (fine dining) back home, and if you factor in the volume, the pricing is actually quite decent.. . There was so much variety here that I couldn't even cover the entire buffet.. . The overall experience was life-changing.  I only tried 3 buffets with my pass (Le Village in Paris, and Spice Market in Planet Hollywood were the other 2), and this one blows the other 2 out of the water.. . Not sure about the other buffets out there (Vegas has so many), but if you were to only go to 1, you definitely will not be disappointed with this one.
WE ACTUALLY GOT ASKED TO LEAVE BECAUSE WE STAYED TOO LONG!!!! Hahahahahahha. I never knew buffets had time limits.... Although it was a bit embarrassing, I guess we stayed so long because we enjoyed it so much. . . So my friends and I decided to buffet it up after three nights of clubbing... so yes, we definitely needed to recover. Wait time was only 15 minutes, so we were seated in no time.. . I'll admit - this is my first Vegas buffet, but damn, everything I put into my mouth was amazing. Here's some of my favorites!!! - . . Mini deep fryers containing fatty goodness - corn dogs, tatertots, onion rings.... Fresh juices in cute little bottles. Roasted duck + plum sauce. Oysters, mussels, shrimpies . Oyster SHOOTERS!. Prime rib. Rib eye. Truffle soup - i still have dreams about this. Korean short ribs. Salmon. Corn on the cob. Sliders - soooo goood. . Potato gratin - must try!!! I ate 3x of these. . Lobster bisque. Gelato, gelato, gelato! Try pistachio and baklava! Or everything . Calamari with this coconut rice(?). DIY Crepes!!. Creme brulee. Broccoli & Cheese. Mac & Cheese. All the sushi. ..... . I'm probably missing a lot... but as you can see, we enjoyed everything! Every time we took a bite of something, we would sigh in pleasure or encourage each other to try it.  My vegan friend even broke her veganism that fine afternoon because the food was THAT good (sorry I'm not ratting you out!). . . Service was good as far as I remember. The man cutting the meat was extremely polite and patient, which I liked. The gelato lady was kind, friendly, and didn't mind giving me several samples. Our waitress seemed nice, except for the part when she said there was a two hour time limit. Well, I'm sorry!! What if we all just had really really big appetites?. . Price is reasonable (~$35 for lunch)! That filled me up for the rest of the day, so I thought it was worthwhile. I would come back, but probably wont stay as long. . . So if you're DTB (down to buffet), I highly recommend this place!. . 4.5 stars!
Move over Wynn, I have a new favorite buffet in Sin City. So glad they revamped it, the previous buffet was not good whatsoever. . . Came for Champagne Brunch (~$41) on Saturday. They already had crab legs & shrimpcocktail available. Unparalleled carving station (prime rib, ham, turkey, SLAB BACON, and an assortment of sausages/links - there's also TWO..the other one is around the corner next to the pasta/pizza). Bacchanal also has a mexican food station - making some fresh tacos - yum! . . The Chinese food was also on point. There's even a noodle bar with ramen, pho (yes, pho) and udon! But, they also had a good assortment of guilty pleasure food - tater tots, waffle fries, fried chicken w/ sweet potato fries. OM NOM NOM. . . I caught the transition into dinner and that's when the mussels, oysters (yes, oysters - poor dudes were shucking them right there!), lamb, macarons, MOCHI ICE CREAM!!!! came out. . . Definitely a must-try!
Hands down the best buffet I have ever been to in Las Vegas.Sets the bar very high! There is plenty of variety to choose from and the quality of the food was excellent. Awesome experience! Will definitely go back.
I don't know WHAT could top this buffet. I wish my stomach was detachable so that I could have eaten more and tried everything. This is THE buffet to go to when in Vegas. Hands down, without a doubt! . For dinner it is about 55 per person. Steep yes, but well worth it my friend, so prep your wallets and stomach accordingly. . The variety made my head spin, in a good way. There was a seafood station, a taco station with like 3208493908 condiments next door, a bread station with small ramekins of softened butter, a meat station, sushi, chinese food (mainly dim sum), cheese and way way more. . I just want to write a novel on how great the selection of food is. I mean, not everything is going to amaze you of course, but it's one of those excited to be alive moments at Bacchanal. . The meat station: So many damn choices. I cried inside. 3-4 kinds of sausage? Do you want prime rib or ribeye (tomahawk chop)? Brisket? Lamb chop? Turkey? Chicken? I'm sure there was more, but my eyes went towards the lamb chops and ribeye. All of the meats I tried were simply seasoned and had low percentage of having been effed up. . The seafood station: Oyster, king and snow crab, salmon, sea bass and more. You didn't even know you wanted it until you saw it homie. Actual clarified butter, cocktail sauce, lemons, horseradish; THE WORKS. Oh and one of the cooks behind the hot plates asked if I wanted hot crab instead of the ones on the bar.It's the little things that add up :) . Dessert station: The last point and reminder at which you decide you need it all. Every single damn dessert. Creme brulee, chocolate or vanilla? Gelato...all 20 something flavors yes? Which cake? There are too many kinds that I'm not sure I want, but I actual do want. And more. . I'd love to elaborate on the other stations, but you get the gist of this place; it's going to shock you even with high expectations like I had. . The wait was like 40 minutes when I went earlier tonight and the line was long but you wait for quality. Suck it up and complain after, unless all your anger is washed away by the different foods at Bacchanal. . ***ATTENTION YELPERS***. WHEN YOU ARE IN VEGAS, DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AT ANY OTHER BUFFET. YOU WILL ALWAYS WIN AT THIS ONE. Somehow...just somehow...guaranteed!
Bacchanal, named presumably after the Greek God Bacchus, who was the God of drunken revery and festival.  How fitting.  Truly a feast fit for the Gods and a feast of excess.. . My experience here was awesome.  Luckily, my friends and I came at a time where the line was non-existent, but within 30 minutes, the line grew to an hour wait.  If you come during peak dinner hours 6-8pm, prepare for a minimum of a 30 minute wait. . . Firstly, the cost is $55 per individual and if you have a party of 8 or more, than they will automatically add 18% gratuity.  Once you get past the line, they hand you little plastic rubber pincers that are meant to hold any hot items.  As soon as you pay, the hostess sits you down at a table.  While I walked there, I was very impressed with the environment and the decor of the place.  It was very clean, very modern, and colorful with some light music playing in the background.. . After I was seated, the waiter took our drink orders and then my friends and I were off to pick our food.  The line of food is around 50 yards long, no exaggeration.  From what I remember, there are different ethnic foods including Chinese, Japanese, Italian, American, Mexican, and Seafood.. . It would take too long for me to write all the foods offered but I will write about the ones I loved the most.  To keep it short and sweet, all the food was great quality!  . . I tried the lamb chops, roast beef, spare ribs, sausage, sushi, sweet potato tots, ramen noodle, udon noodle, su mai, crackers, cheese, delicatessen, cherry tomato, won ton, pho, crepes, mochi ice cream, and apple pie.. . Oh dear god.  What a lot of amazing food.  Its a must have if you are ever in vegas.  Apparently it was voted best buffet by USA Today.  I am not surprised.. . Tips:. 1.  Avoid peak hours or the wait will be at least 45 minutes. 2.  The sweet  potato tater tots are surprisingly sweet and delicious. 3.  You are only allowed 2 mochi ice cream pieces per visit. 4. Bring loose clothing
THE bestest buffet I've ever been at!. The food is super fresh - seafood is being rotated every 15-30 minutes, I believe.  The choice is fantastic, and everything, literally everything, tastes absolutely yummy: make sure to try their crepes ( the best of the best) and chocolate covered strawberries with champagne salt. Champagne crackles in your mouth creating an explosion of taste - so groovy!!!. Oh, and Mimosas are bottomless :). . We showed our faces at the entrance around 10.30am, there was no line. Within an hour it grew into a massive gathering of hangover and hungry people. Dinner - forget it, the line gets even bigger, so it's really important to catch a moment when the restaurant is not too busy.
Long lines(waited in line for at least an hour) and expensive(over $50) but well worth it. Prime rib and rib-eye steaks are very tender and the quality is at least equivalent to, if not better than, most high-end steakhouse restaurants. Sushi is above average in quality and pastas are high quality. Dessert bar is a separate island with a huge selection of cookies, cupcakes, gelato and other treats. You can order crepes are freshly made and put what you want inside of them(Highly recommended). Creme bulee is outstanding and the gelato is amazing. Unlimited refills for drinks. I will definitely be coming back.
Seriously best buffet I've ever been to! Everything was in point and We only had to wait ten minutes on a Wednesday evening. Whoever decides to come here must try everything. The seafood section was amazing (crabs and fish) best rack of lambs ever, it was so tender and full of flavor...I can't even start talking about the dessert :o gelato and crepes were so good and the Mochi ice cream really hit my sweet tooth :P can't wait to go back to Vegas for this buffet haha
Best buffet I've been to yet. This was my first Las Vegas buffet experience and none have come close to matching my experience. All of the food tasted high quality, every dish Was restaurant quality. The shrimp was sweet and fresh and the deep fried food is presented in an adorable way. Most memorable for me was the maple glazed sweet potato tater tots. I've dreamt of them and even tried recreating them at home. Servers were really nice and didnt mind continuing to refill out drinks while we digested and went back for round two... Then three... Then...
Took my daughter for breakfast and was overwhelmed.  First plate was fried chicken n waffles, shrimp and grits, steak and eggs, and yogurt with granola.  All good.  Then I got an omelette, which was cooked very well, and then slathered on a bunch of fresh guacamole and salsa.  Finally got some ice cream and cookies.  I missed about 80 percent of the stuff there, too.  Worthwhile for us because it was early and not crowded at all.
Went to this place for dinner. Oh my god! This buffet is the best one I've been to in Vegas so far. Their lamb is definitely better than Bellagio's. Also got a HUGE plate of warm crab legs. Mmmm! Delicious, especially with their unique melted butter. Oysters were good too. Love their mac and cheese. Their Asian food section (dumplings) were good too! . . This place definitely deserves it's name. I'll definitely come back here! Definitely try it out if you've never been!
Best Buffet as of date! What are you doing reading this? You should be on your way there.. beating the lines!. . Long Version:. . If you are here to gobble down crab legs, what are you doing here? You can get those at Todai for cheaper! Crab legs come out of a box, defrosted and served. Bacchanal had no influence on the taste.. . You're here because you are trying the quality of their prepared foods. Prime rib? Melts in your mouth! Potatoes au Gratin? Buttery and flavorful! Fish and Chips? One of the best I had!. . Best part? They offer every selection in tapa sized portions. Gone are the days where you would be stuffed because you got one pizza slice too many, or that one dish was just a little too big. Now, they are portioned small so you can eat more of a selection!. . Definitely try this place! You won't be disappointed!
Definitely the best buffet i've been to in Vegas.. Spent two hours in this buffet and didn't even realize we've been there for that long.. Definitely on the expensive side, but the wife and i both agree this buffet was worth it.
Man! This place is just expensive! . . The food is good but geesh!!! Dammit!!! They are too expensive. I guess what they say is true, you get what you pay for. But I need a doggie bag or suh'in. $128.08 for two people. I could feed a small country for a month with that, LOL! I made sure I squeezed down some King crab legs and they were sweet and delicious too. Only way I could stomach the cost. . . Yeah, I'm being cheap! So what, And???. . It was still very good but I think I'm going to have to give them up for the rest of 2013. Might go purchase that Porsche I been eyeing instead...jk :-)
Best Buffet in Vegas.  Price is worth the selection.  Love the king crab and the BBQ pit.
I so regret purchasing the 24 hour buffet @ $308 for 2 adults and 1 child to include Bacchanal. All the other buffets do not compare. Smaller selection but excellent food and presentation. It is one of the best in Vegas. Next time, it's this place or the M buffet.
So, in my deprived life I have never been to a Vegas buffet on the strip.  Every time I go, we end up eating somewhere else.  So, this time around, we were staying at Caesar's and decided to try the buffet on our last day.  It looked so nice from the outside.  We went for Brunch which cost 50 bucks, I was pretty surprised at the price tag, but I learned that thiswas the norm.  LUCKILY, there was NO line when we went, so added bonus!. . The shock of the price tag  quickly left my head once we were inside.  The buffet is HUGE they had  a section for dessert, American, Italian, Asian, omelet bar, and pancake/waffle station.  I did not know where to start, but after a night of drinking, I really wanted some pho AND THEY HAD IT!  Not only that, but the pho was pretty good.  Actually, everything I tasted was pretty yummy.  I mean buffet food has that reputation of being sub-par, but EVERY dish was delish.  I would love to come back here and splurge for dinner!  Thank you bacchanal for making my first Vegas buffet experience awesome ^^.
Crab legs, mussels, oysters, clams, shrimp, sushi, dim sum, middles, rice porridge, bbq, sliders, fries, sausages, cheeses, steak, ribs, tacos, macarons, pie, cake, gelato, etc. That's only scratching the surface of what this place had! And it was all delicious! Thinking about it makes me hungry right now! There's pretty much something for everyone here. The wait to get in was horrendous, but that's what happens when it's a buffet considered the best in town. If anything, it'll just make you hungrier when you get inside. Definite must try.
Provides you these cute things to protects your fingers from picking up the hold plates! . . WOWZER! Word of advice, holiday prices are WAY higher than normal. . All worth it, was here 4th of July weekend, got there around 11 ish and there was no line. . . Freshly squeeze juices, cucumber, watermelon and orange. . King Crab legs, eat them cold and steamed, fresh oysters and headless shrimp! . You have your American, Italian, Mexican and Asian. . . You really can't go wrong at all. Fresh food, great tasting, portions are small but enough for you to sample and try everything! . . You name it, they have it. . American-burgers, pulled pork sandwiches, mac and cheese, chicken and waffles, 4 different kinds of French fries, eggs, bacon, sausage, eggs Benedict, blueberry pancakes and the list goes on.... . Asian-dim sum items, fresh sushi, miso soup and if you pay attention, they also serve PHO, yes PHO!!! Maybe only on holidays weekend but I was too late since I was stuffed already. . . Mexican-Tamales, taquitos, Spanish rice, beans, Chile relenos, tacos, street corns (mayo and parmesan cheese style)...the list goes on . . Prime rib, steak and beef ribs. Yes, they have that too! . . Dessert was my favorite, I felt like being in the Willy Wonka movie, all kinds of goodies and treat. Macaroons, cakes, cupcakes, crepes, gelatos, taffy, jelly beans and much more..... . Service was excellent, I really couldn't have had a nicer experience at a buffet. . . Price is up there, it's all worth it. I believe we stayed 2 hours to get our money worth!
This place was great!!! Juices galore, sausages by the feet, fried eggs with steak skirt....nothing bad on this menu expect maybe the dish with quail eggs (but I wasn't brave  enough to try). All of the food was fabulous!!! Will most definitely be back everytime we are in Vegas! Stop in and give it a try!!! I believe we only paid $56 for a weekday brunch for both of us. Just the desserts alone was with it!!!. . Don't pass this one by!!!
Definitely worth the 1.5 hour wait! Almost EVERYTHING was delicious...well seasoned and flavorful. I highly recommend the lamb chops and the seafood station (crab legs YES PLEASE!). The desserts are also nice and one of the few buffets that actually offer mochi, as well as cute cake pops. Desserts are also not cloyingly sweet, and it cools off the palate comfortably, rather than a shock of sugar. Macarons (blueberry, pistachio, coffee, and orange) are flavored from the filling; the outside shell is all the same almond flavor, just colored differently so do note that. . . Things I don't recommend, since some things are not as awesome (understandably so, as there is a LOT of stuff to eat). I would not get the sushi, as it is mostly rice and not much else. The seaweed has anoverly fishy taste to it, and some of the sides were not that great (guacamole is only meh). Of course, these are all rather minor, and rest assured that the main stars of the show are all as delicious as they look (meats and seafood). Dessert-wise, everything was pretty decent, but I did not like the custard cups (one is passionfruit and the other is some blue-purple cup-boysenberry or blackberry?) and some of the ice creams seemed a bit diluted (thai tea had barely any flavor). . . If I were to go again--rather, if I want to bust my pants again (6 plates, 4 dessert this time), I would attempt to binge less on desserts and load up on more seafood. Alas, I have a sweet tooth, so we shall see...
This is the ultimate Vegas buffet experience. There was a giant wait, but we paid $15 each to scoot to the front of the line--totally worth it. I've been for both brunch (bonus: unlimited champagne) and for dinner. Both times, we found amazing, world class food.
BEST BUFFET EVER. LITERALLY. WORTH THAT $55! . BETTER THAN WICKED SPOON. . . Gosh this place is amazing. I was dying to come here. This place is super spacious and the table spacing itself is huge! Big enough for my numerous plates of food! Bacchanal is like a fancy restaurant serving EVERYTHING and ANYTHING you could imagine. Even their Asian dishes are pretty bomb. I underestimated their pho/ramen/udon (geez tons of noodle bowl choices right?) but wow they were even better than a cheap Asian restaurant! . . I went straight to the crab legs! Theres stacks and stacks of crab and it is all FRESH! So happy they cut it open for you, so all you have to do is, EAT! . We were there for breakfast continuing onto lunch and their eggs and sausage were so tasty! They keep the food vibrant in color and it honestly tastes as good as it looks. . . There was a cute little chili dog station with fries, and sweet potatoes. The meat station with ribs and prime rib was pretty popular, but I didn't feel like eating that. It was nice to see the Mexican, pizza and soup and salad stations, but I just ate the crabs and went straight to the desserts right after! . . Their gelato wasn't too impressive. But their cakes were! I am a sucker for Pan Cotta and they had amazing pan cotta trio with chocolate and mango! . . Honestly you need to experience this place for yourself! You would feel like you're in FOOD HEAVEN here!
First of all, I'm nothing if not cheap, so I sympathize with those reviewers who balk at spending $50+ to go to a freakin' buffet. . . After all, this is Las Vegas, birthplace of the incredibly cheap chow line, subsidized by gaming revenues and scoffing at the prospect of making money from the lowly food and beverage department. I get it. So, I highly recommend the practice of not eating during the day (easy if you sleep late), and arriving in line ON A WEEKDAY just before 3 p.m. That way, your wait in line will be practically non-existent, you will pay the lunch price (closer to $30), and they start trotting out the higher-end dinner items (I'm talking heated crab legs and lollipop rib eyes) almost immediately.. .   Now, imagine that you and a companion went for dinner in a regular restaurant, were served a basket of artisan breads with an assortment of cheeses and homemade jams, then you had a fried calamari appetizer, lobster corn chowder, Caesar salad, prime rib and crab leg combo  with broccoli au gratin and whipped potatoes, and creme' caramel for dessert. . . Your date had the oyster shooter, cream of mushroom soup, heirloom tomato caprese salad, sauteed halibut with haricots vert and scalloped truffled potatoes, and a nutella crepe with bananas and whipped cream. Assuming you didn't have to be wheeled out, would you squawk if you were presented a bill for a little over $60? I think not. Of course, you have to factor in the major inconvenience of walking 10 feet to get it yourself, but that horrific downside is somewhat modified by the fact that while you're up there anyway, you can help yourself to more Asian, Italian, Mexican, seafood, dessert, etc., options than even the fattest of fatties could ever hope to sample in a week, let alone a couple of hours (in other words, until you're full to the point of physical distress).. .  And here's the thing: you may not like every single thing you choose, some things may not be prepared exactly to your liking. Don't eat it!!! It's a buffet! Trot yourself up and pick out 15 more things until you stumble across stuff that meets your standards. Make yourself happy! This place is great and deserves 5 stars just for the fact that they have some poor OCD guy back in the kitchen cutting up watermelon and feta cheese and assembling them into those little checkerboard squares.. . .And we have had nothing but good experiences with the servers, especially the meat cutter,  who act like they're actually glad you're there. I hate to say it, but it's possible that if you don't like this place, maybe you don't really like food?
Best buffet everrrrrrrr! Worth the money. Foodgasm overload! Seafood/shellfish on point and easily accessible. Dessert table is amazing! Great service as well. Very expensive and can get very crowded very fast. Just don't eat all day and get there early like 5:30 lol. That's what ended up doing and we didn't wait at all and had the best buffet experience everrrrr!
HOLY BUFFET, BATMAN!  Bacchanal is were it's at.  We went for the lunch buffet on a Friday afternoon and the line wasn't too long at like 1:00 p.m.  I think we waited about 25 minutes to get in.  Lunch buffet is about $36 with tax and it's worth every penny.. . When you enter, it's like looking at endless counters of food... they just keep going and going and going.  There's so much food that it's impossible to even sample one of everything.  The counters are organized by region (type of cuisine) and there's everything from Thai, Japanese, Tex-Mex, southern, seafood, salads and desserts.  . . Must eats: compote of pureed potatoes with truffle, beet salad, biscuits and gravy, short rib and sushi.  The fresh cutlery counter is fabulous and offers sausage, ribs and other meats for the slicing.  . . I advise avoiding the Tex-Mex just because the stuff wasn't very good.  Tortillas were all greasy, chips were greasy and the fajita fixins were mediocre.  . . The desserts were fabulous and there's a fairly large gelato counter that I highly recommend visiting.  The fig and balsamic gelato is excellent.  Cheesecake was good, cake pops good, sorbets good, carrot cake mediocre (sad).  . . All in all, worth a visit and the wait, even if you're not staying in Caesar's.
OH HELLO BUFFET!!!. . I'd like to preface by saying that I typically hate buffets- and I'm talking the entire concept of them. My boyfriend convinced me that this place would go against my numerous buffet stereotypes. It's a rare occurrence, but he was right.. . The place isbigger than it looks. Upon arrival, you see the luscious seafood section. Piles and piles of crab legs (which you can also get steamed) and pounds of cocktail shrimp. Heaven? If not... it's close. They had a meat section, which I refused to wait in the line for. I tried my boyfriend's ham, which was very juicy. Along with the meats they had American food- chicken wings, french fries, onion rings, every carb you could think of, corn, and other veggies that they somehow made into fatty goodness. The Asian section included not only the typical Chinese dishes, but they had dim sum, sushi, edamame, miso soup, and pretty sure I even spied a pho section. The asian food was very scrumptious (my boyfriend agreed which says something since he's Asian). The salad section was large and good. They had breakfast too. An Italian section with pastas and my personal favorite: salami, pepperoni, prosciutto and an assortment of cheeses. YUM!!!!!!!! Dessert was crazy... crepe selections, gelato, chocolate covered everything, and tons of fruits.. even good macaroons. . . The service was good- what you'd expect from a buffet, but they didn't let dirty plates rest on your table. I liked it... and my iced tea was never empty. . . I ate my heart out here... but I wasn't letting that $45 entry fee go to waste. I'll be back... next time I'm starving in Vegas after I get over my hangover.
I hated Cosmo's Wicked Spoon, so I was worried about risking so much money to be disappointed again ... but sweet watermelon minty jesus, Bacchanal Buffet was EXCELLENT!  I paid $48 for dinner on Tuesday night, and waited about half an hour to get in at 5:30, and ten minutes to get seated.. . My gal pal and I take turns going up for food, so one stays with purses, and we each fill a plate with small bites of things to try.  For example, I make a plate and bring it back, she takes bites of anything she's interested in, then she goes up to fill a plate while I eat the rest.  It's a great way for us not to waste a bunch of food, and we get to share opinions bite by bite -- then make a second or third trip to get more of what we liked best.. . For me, the best dinner item was the sweet potato tater tots.  The skin is crispy, the inside gooey, and they're glazed with a salty sweet syrup caramelized shell.  So simple, and yet ... amazeballs!  I also high five the staff for their excellent ceviche, chicken marsala, spicy fried fish, and charcuterie.  One slice of ribeye steak was great, but the next was fatty and awful (the flank steak too.)  I was so-so on the lamb, and the other veg choices.. . Next time I'll rememberto leave LOTS of room for dessert, and FILL UP on watermelon mint sorbet.  Maybe the best dessert ever?  Tho I'm usually gaga for french macaroons and mochi.  But I prefer mochi in mango, which they skipped ... and their macaroons had great shells, but the inner cookie was too moist, and too much filling, too thick.  The center should be like a sweet adhesive only, not a thick band of firm chocolate ganash.  Generally too much sugar in most of the desserts, and tho some say the dinner is overly salty as well, I like salt and thought everything had the right levels.. . If I have guests in town who want the best buffet and can afford a real treat, I would def go back.  :-D
As far as Vegas Buffets go, this one is awesome!  Huge selection of food.  Great seafood and desserts!  At 49.99 it is pretty expensive, but everything is expensive in Vegas.  Wait can be extremely long so arrive early.  We got there at 4:30pm on a Saturday, and there was no line.  However, when we left at about 6 the line stretched past the zigzag line and went almost to the casino floor.  Bottom line: this buffet is expensive but definitely worth the price.  Get there EARLY to avoid a 2 hour plus wait!
Came on my birthday! In June.... I absolutely loved this place. I tried a bunch of weirdo things I don't normally eat...seafood related, and the dessert island was incredible. My favorite things there was sushi, meat and cheese plates, macarons, and big ass chocolate dipped strawberries.
I don't know where to start. The food is phenomenal. Steam crab legs is the top of my list, the ceviche, the oyster shooters, prime rib, the hot & spicy soup in the Chinese food section. Jeez I wish I can name all the food and tell it how it taste. BEST BUFFET IN LAS VEGAS, HANDS DOWN. I've been to a lot of buffets in Vegas and I thought The M Buffet was good, but after coming here.... "WOW!!! Now I know why they call this place Bacchanal named after Bacchus" That was my reaction when eating the food there. . . Note: Must try the Peach Tea.
Best buffet on the Strip, it's a must! The flavor and authentic style with amazing presentations!
Probably the best buffet in memory. It might be better than the one I had at the Bellagio.. . The presentation is way beyond what one would normally expect at a buffet. Seemingly meticulously presented shot glasses of soup and gazpacho, little cups and cones of desserts, pleasingly plated netted baskets of waffle fries and fried chicken, the individual portions of lobster bisque and Cajun steamed crawfish, and the single serve bottles of freshly squeezed orange juice (nothing like it!).. . And it goes beyond mere presentation. They taste as good as they looked, maybe even better at times. The shot glass of ceviche is probably one of the best I've had, if not *the* best. The desserts were fantastic; I'd highly recommend the sugar-free cheesecake and the sugar-free creme brulee. The understated flavours of these two desserts were outright home-runs, touch downs, three-pointers, sixer, goal, or whatever sports-related superlative you might want to use to describe it.. . The day's chef's special dish of, what I guess, Halibut with shavings of coconut was indeed special! The dim sums were good, and the sushi, passable. I guess no matter what you try, it's just not possible for left-out-in-the-open sushi to compare with made-to-order sushi. But keeping that in mind, the sushi didn't disappoint much.. . It's funny how the spread is spread out around the corner. When you take a few steps to "that faraway table", you realise there's more just around the corner. And this repeated about three times for me. It was like going down a rabbit-hole --- albeit a very pleasant one. :-). . At $38 (inclusive of tax), it's more than bang-for-the-buck.
We almost left when we saw the price... almost 60 bucks a pop... the most expensive buffet we've been to. But..but..but... wow!! I don't think I've ever thought buffet food could actually taste good but I was wrong. And they had lamb chops!! Its kind of secretly tucked away but lamb chops make you get your moneys worth. My faves- clam bake, shrimp cocktail, mac n cheese, chocolate chip fudge cookie, and steak tacos. Highly recommend if you come on an empty stomach so you can get your moneys worth. Also our servers were awesome!
We've been back and it's still the best buffet around!  The lamb chops were absolutely divine, my favorite item!  Too bad it's so darn expensive!
This is probably my favorite buffet in Vegas!. . Price: ~$40 for lunch. The line wasn't too bad. Dinner would be ~$50-- but there's macarons + snow crab legs (I think).. . A TON OF VARIETY! For lunch, the best stuff are the prime rib selection, oyster shooters, and sweet potato tater tots (trust me, they're amazing. I believe they're honey glazed too).. . Oh, and fresh juice in these super cute jars!. . Dim Sum!. . Okay, that's all I have for now. Until then, hope you have fun catching this short review while getting ready for Vegas ya'lls!
Hands down best buffet in Vegas. Better than Wicked Spoon, and Wynn, and Bellagio.. . Their seafood - wowow you have king crab legs, oysters on the half shell, plump and fresh shrimp cocktail, and more!. . Their meats - you get your standard prime rib, and turkey, etc. but they have amazing marinated lamb chops! *drools. . Oh yeah another item for-shizz worth mentioning: truffle potatoes. Is that the actual name? Who cares, truffle potatoes speak for itself. . . I can't even begin to describe their dessert bar. Itsnothing short of HOLY FUCKING SHIT THAT IS GOOOOOOD. You have fresh crepes, fresh creams, fresh sauces, macaroons, cakes, cake pops, cookies, souffles (made to order!), GELATO, etc. etc...... . . I'd sacrifice a day at the day club to get fat here. Or would I...? #firstworldproblems
By far the most amazing buffet I have ever been to! It is clearly the best in Las Vegas and in my opinion it is the best period. The place is very nicely decorated and the environment is that of a very nice restaurant. The service is great and they are on point. The food was amazing and I dont think there was a single thing I didnt like. The meat section is the largest selection ive ever seen and it is delicious. The lamb was perfect and the brisket and ribs are better then most bbq restaurants. The kobe beef sliders are also better than most burger restaurants. The seafood sections is amazing and there is endless real king crabs not kust snow crabs like a lot of the other buffets. There is also italian and asian and mexican and most things are cooked to order. The mac and cheese is the best ever. I will definatly make this place a regular place to visit. It is expensive at 50 dollars but worth every dollar.
#1 Buffet in Las Vegas for a good reason! Good service with interesting varieties of delicious food. My friend and I spent a good 2 hours of eating to find one surprise after another. I want to come back for more because apparently I missed some items to try. Eating at a nice buffet in Vegas is the good life!. . Overall, everything was appetizing, fresh, and delicious. There were some highlights and few, minor twilight. I didn't get to try everything I wanted but I still enjoyed my meal. My best tip for first timers is to get a brief tour from the waiting staff/host to know where everything is (someone mentioned alligator meat, I gotta come back to try!).. . Highlights: . The fresh oysters, shrimp n' grits, lamb chop, sweet potato tater tots. The oysters were so rich and delicious, the lamb chop was marinated and cooked to perfection, the sweet potato tater tots were some sweet, delicious surprise because it was glazed with either honey or maple syrup. My favorite desserts were green tea mochi icecream, pistachio souffle, macaron, and thai tea gelato (YEAH THAI TEA)! I enjoyed drinking horchata and mango juice that were offered by the mexican selections. . . Tip on souffle: . After you order the souffle, best thing to do is set an alarm on your phone for 10 minutes. (It's all about getting it out at the right time for delicious souffle) You want to get the proper timing and best result for the souffle. The people working on your souffle won't forget your face in 10 minutes so just be sure to remember to pick it up and add icing! Pistachio was delicious!!~. . Twilights: . The few things I didn't like or did not find special were the chef special fish and prime rib. I thought the chef special fish was not so special, it was very bland to me. And the prime rib was overcooked and did not melt in my mouth (I definitely prefer Wynn's prime rib more).. . You're most likely going to have a good time eating since you're paying $50+. Another tip about these kind of buffet is eat very few stuff that you eat often (to me, Chinese/Asian food), much more of what you hardly eat (like oysters, lamb chop), and try 1 or 2 dish that can be new to you (like alligator meat).
First time I ate here it was during the Grand Opening and the food was a bit cold.  I have since have eaten here several times and it looks as if they have got all of the kinks out.  The selection is amazing and the service is outstanding.  As a Diamond member in the TR program I get to skip the long line which is fantastic!!!  Love the buffet and I love Ceasars Palace.  The managers for the restaurant are always on the floor talking to the guest and I love this,  it really shows they care about the place.
Amazing.. New restaurant plus it looks very classy as well!. . The food is just magnificent! Though their are many buffets at Las Vegas this was one of the best I have ever been in! They have food from Chinese, Mexican, Italian, Japanese, Seafood and etc. . . The line up LOOKS very long but as you line up you will notice how quickly the line up actually is. Plus if you have a lot of people you can go to a "vip" line where you do not have to wait as long.. . Like many other buffet at Las Vegas the price is around $40 for adults and $20 for kids, it is all worth it! The food, the atmosphere, the variety, the appearance is just beautiful and astonishing! . . Highlights(Food):. Calamari, Dimsum, Crab legs, Other seafood, the meat section(steak, lamb, chops ribs...etc.), ice cream, Mochi, Macarons, The salad bar, fresh Oysters and Gelato. . TIP: *Do not waste money to but a drink when they ask you. If u go get food you will notice they already serve fresh juice in a nice cup (don't waste money).        * If you have 8 or more people you would need to pay 18% tax. If you do not mind you can split up your family and ask to be near each other. . Most important thing;. For you who loves sweets and pastry. They do have Ice cream Mochi here and they also serve Macarons!. . Overall, I am a big fan! 5 stars!
The rules of Vegas-cations:. 1. Never go on a holiday wkd. 2. Never go to buffets on Sundays (especially new ones! Best to come here on a weekday, even Friday afternoon). 3. Know your limit! Or don't but don't get your Friends kicked out of the club with you and have to ride in a cab with your grossness. . Yes! New fave. 8gajillion times better than wicked spoon. Worth the price! First of all atmosphere is amazing, and presentation is squeal-inducingly cute. Fresh juices in cute carafes, dim sum in mini steamers, tater tots in mini fry baskets. I die. Yes everything here is amazing, taste everything, photo and insta it all. . . They give Togo cups for your after dinner coffee. Fresh baked bread, donuts, muffins, a taco man, salsa bar, cheese bar, cold cut assortment. The one downside is thatall of the adorable individual portions make it hard to put a lot on your plate. Or maybe that's another plus cuz you gotta walk around more and work it out to eat! Seafood was decent (fresh at least) and meats are tender and flavorful. The Asian food is the weakest. My guess is because good ole Asian food is better when a little dirty. Hehe. . . Desserts look like they've been food styled.... And they're decent with the exception of those noted below under must trys. Creme brulee is a little watery but really great flavor. Bread pudding a little too dry. Same goes for cupcake (mad buttercream is blah). Panna cotta has too much preserve-y stuff on top. Caramel pudding too dense. . . But here are the must try's- watermelon fresh squeezed juice, broccoli cheese casserole, tacos, tropical mango cake, chocolate mousse with passion fruit.. . Yummilicious factor = A
Still great as ever.
If you're gonna do the Bacchanal Buffet for dinner, it's worth it to do the Buffet of Buffets. The Buffet of Buffets gives you open access to 6 buffets along the Strip for 24 hours (including the buffet at Rio, Planet Hollywood, Paris and Harrah's) - for fifty bucks. For an extra $25 (each time), you can eat at the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace.. . And word of advice - if you're doing the Buffet of Buffets, start with the Bacchanal Buffet. All the other ones kinda pale in comparison. . . Delicious seafood. Best crab legs ever. Prime rib was decent. My favorite part was the dessert bar. So beautiful. The flan and chocolate lava cake was to die for. Plus, macarons and mochi ice cream! . . All the food here was high-quality and fresh. Decor was nice. Service was outstanding.
If you like crab legs and dessert, this place is a must! My new favorite Vegas buffet...it used to be the Wicked Spoon but Ceasers Palace has really stepped it up!  The crab legs here are fresh and delicious.  There is someone who cooks them on the spot so it's served nice and hot! I also really, really enjoyed the dessert. Unlike the other buffets, the desserts were very flavorful and they had a great selection besides the typical cakes.  . . Don't be turned off by the price, because it really is a bargain for what you get.  We will definitely come back!
Excellent food. Lot s of variey. Probably the best now in vegas. Worth it !
Went here to celebrate my Aunt's birthday and I was blown away. Everything from the ambiance to the selection of food to devour was something to savor. They have certain areas that are dimly lit compared to other parts of the buffet. Loved the fact that the meat section was Brazilian BBQ like with all the different cuts of meat available. Went to go look for my Uncle and found out there was another section for food which I think most people didn't know about because there weren't really any lines. Make sure you walk all around or you could be missing out.
The most amazing dinner buffet I have ever been to!  Worth every penny spent on it!  A must do/eat when visiting Las Vegas!
By far the best buffet I've ever ate at! This is a place that you want to give yourself time to experience. I went for my birthday but ended up getting there so late we decided to come back the next day. If you are in a hurry or are getting there late like us, I'd recommend eating elsewhere but if you are ready to let your taste buds go wild, this is your place. . . We went for dinner on a Sunday night and paid a total of $55 per person. As we were taken to our table I couldn't believe the endless array of options. This place was huge! Each dish was perfectly plated and delicious. We stayed for 2 hours thoroughly enjoying each plate. Some of my favs were the fresh oysters, oyster shooters, coconut breaded shrimp, spicy tuna, cold crab legs, caprice salad, agua frescas and the Mochi for dessert. After 3 or 4 full plates of food I wandered to the dessert bar which was every inner child's dream dessert bar. . . Needles to say this place was fabulous and was what inspired me to begin doing food reviews. Thy have a 24 hour food pass that I wished we bought but I will definitely be doing that next time.
Have been to many buffets.  This one is by far the best. So many selections and all tasted fresh and wonderful.  I will not only recommended it, but I'll be back.
Talk about great buffets and a pallet blaster.. . I've gone to so many that none has stuck out like this one. WOW great lamb, awesome desserts, delicious and varied seafood selection, multiple cheeses and types of bread. I can keep going but my goodness. . . Though problems include: . 1)LONG LINE FOR MEAT. My goodness I was eating while I was waiting in line (I know so bad) but it was that dang long. . . 2)Terrible sushi. Yeah no. Don't do it here.. . It's awesome here and it's a must---take it from someone who lives here and is oh so tired of all the buffets that they all start tasting the same. . . It's my top buffet overall now (BUT I haven't tried the infamous wicked spoon yet....excited when I do)
Best buffet I've ever had. Food was great. Many different choices to choose from. Great atmosphere and decor. The staff was friendly and efficient. A bit pricy but well worth it.
We went for Sunday brunch and honestly the wait wasn't that bad - we got in line at the end of the waiting stanchions and it took about 45 minutes to get up to be seated.  The atmosphere was upscale and trendy.  The food was really good - best prime rib EVER!  The people working at each station were busy, friendly and fun.  The choices were mind boggling and we really did need to pace ourselves.  We never felt rushed.  The endless mimosas kept flowing and the food was appropriately hot /cold.  The different sections were interesting and well stocked.  I have been to many buffets over the years but this one really was the best.  Price wise I had no complaints at all.  We had a very basic burger that we split between the two of us and a calamari appetizer and one cocktail each by the pool at the Venetian for lunch the previous day and the bill was 80 bucks so having this much quality food for this price was AWESOME.  I think it was 90 for the two of us...can't remember the exact price.
Well worth the price and the wait! We went at 3pm for dinner to avoid the line. Yet there was a line! The wait wasn't too bad, we got a table within 20 minutes. Everything was fresh and delicious, nice food presentation and great customer service. . . Excellent seafood selection. Fresh oysters. Crab legs . Lobster clam chowder . Cocktail shrimps . Oyster shooter . Crawfish. Salmon. . I especially liked the authetic Chinese selections! . Roasted duck. BBQ pork. Congee. Ginseng chicken soup. Dim Sum. Lo Mein. . Needless to say, there were over 50 kinds of desserts to choose from.. . Two hours into the meal I was 110% full. I guess I will come back next time for the stations I missed:. Full carving station . Italian . Salad. Cheese. Honeycomb . Mexican. Soups. Bottles fruit juice
Latest favorite, almost replace the buffet of Wynn. Seafood portion is huge and fresh and generous. Waitress/waiters are super attentive, so is our tips. Black sesame mochi desert is awesome cuz it's from Japanese supermarket (seeing them unpacking) but its super expensive and delicious! Will be back in low peak period otherwise it's 2 hrs waiting time starting 7:15pm.
This place is so stinking cool and tasty =)
I am updating them from a 4 to 4.5 stars...and here's why... . I came here for dinner, and the servers really impressed me, hence the upgrade in stars.. . Meat Station:. The guy (buff and tall black guy, sorry, I didn't catch his name) who was serving the meat was really friendly, and greeted all of his guests with a smile and booming voice of "Welcome to Bacchanal!"  And he was kind enough to look for a medium-rare lamb chop upon my request.  Excellent service and hospitality.. . Seafood station:. Raw oyster bar section, the guy working behind the counter was making sure that people weren't cutting in line and getting their rightful turn when it came to picking up the oysters. It shows that the workers here care about quality and fair service.. . Food worth a try for dinner. Grilled Scallops. Lamb chops (ask for medium-rare). Mochi Ice Cream (Black Sesame, a must try!). Fried Calamari (looked good, but too stuff to have any). . I'd say best buffet in LV, thanks to the servers!
BELIEVE ALL THE HYPE! . . well in my opinion you prob should! my bf and i were there looking at the line and i was this close to not waiting but my bf said we should just stay. we went on a saturday during their brunch hour. although it was a bit pricey...but hey it IS called a VACATION plus you are in vegas..youre gonna overpay anyways but hey you gotta splurge all that moneyyy honeyyyy!!. . we stayed in line for 40mins - which wasnt so bad because the line was moving time to time. i was looking at the lights by the lines and i was getting worried that all those glasses would fall during a earthquake haha. the service was nice, the chef at the meat station was pretty cool and he welcomed my bf and i as we were walking to our tables. . . omg the food was AMAZINGGGGGGG! the stations were crazy amanzingly delicious! they have horchata, street corns, all kinds of meats, the asian station was pretty good and i was rollin' out like i was going to give birth to a cow. i was walking out of the place wanting so badly to go back to the hotel to lay down!. . worth the hype? yes! expensive? yes!  . long lines? yes! should you stay?! HELL YEA!!!!
Do I dare say it?! Yes, Bacchanal IS better than the M Buffet! Since I was only in town for the weekend and didn't know when I'd be back next, I opted to eat here instead of the M Buffet, the usual stomping grounds. Boy, I'm sooo happy I did! The bf and I went knowing that the reviews were very good, but could it top my beloved M?! When we got there, there were so many options. We made sure to take a little bit of everything for a good overall critique. Everything, and I mean everything, we ate was good! Even the asian food was good! usually, its just meh and not worth going back for seconds. The desserts were good too! i was so full, but i made sure to make room for it. We spent about and hour and a half there for lunch and could have stayed longer if our stomachs could expand farther.. Bacchanal is now my go-to spot! I'll deal with the tourist crowd to eat here. I wish I could eat it right now!
Unbelieveable!!!. . Okay this place honestly deserves a good review because the food was AWESOME. The waiters were on their tip toes clearing plates out of our way so that when we came back with more food in our hands from the buffet lines, we would have space on the table. My relatives (age 21+) had champagne because it was complimentary due to it being a weekend and before 4 p.m.. . The amazing food selection: snow crab legs, jumbo shrimp, oysters, crawdads, lamb chops, prime rib, ribs, pizza, make your own taco/burrito station, orange chicken, walnut shrimp, cha siu bao, a large variety of cheese, and more. . I'm definitely a fan of the grill station because the flavors jump out at you with every bite. . . A lot of the food here is served in individual cute little baskets. Like they have tiny baskets with fried chicken and sweet potato fries. . . Definitely worth the $41 for lunch on the weekends. Dinner is $50 and the switch from lunch/brunch to dinner is at 3 p.m.
Worth the wait for us. Went on a Sunday night and we got in around 45 minutes. Our first instinct when we saw the line was "Is this worth it?" Apparently, our faces showed it cause a lady coming out told us what she thought and that we should wait in line. So we went for it and we're glad. . . The line moves relatively quickly. It smells like seafood, which doesn't help, cause it makes you hungrier. But the seafood section is RIGHT where you enter so it made sense after we saw that. Be careful of cheap young douche bags who try to cut. I saw 2 guys try and sneak in in front of the people in front of us and they heard me saying something so they kicked them out. But then they tried to cut in front of us and I just waited 30 minutes so no way was I going to let them in. He tried to pay us and everything and eventually the left the line but we unfortunately saw them about 40 minutes into our dinner. Keep your eyes peeled. . . Not a single worker was on my bad list here. From the person we paid with, to the hostess, to the person who sat us, to our waiter, to the guy who kept clearing our table, this place has exceptional staff and service.. . So my brothers and dad LOVED the snow crab. They got plates and plates of the warm ones. The pastas, Mexican food, and seafood were my favorites. As an Asian, I didn't care for the Asian food. . . Definitely get the snow crab legs and ceviche and the fried foods. It;s unhealthy but you paid 50 bucks and waited who knows how long so just do it. They had sweet potato tater tots, which I've never seen or heard of, and they were bomb.com. I could not stop eating them even though it meant eating less of something else. . . Okay my other favorite food, the dessert. I have an incredibly bad sweet tooth so dessert is always important to me. UNLIMITED MACAROONS. im from LA where macaroons are a thing and these were good. I could eat as much as I wanted. They had creme brulee which is my favorite, sorbets, candy, cookies, and your typical desserts, but on another level. It was heavenly. . . And last, I can't believe I almost forgot, but they have Aguas Frescas ON DECK. Horchata, tamarindo, limonada, and more. I'm sure it's some instant kind but I don't care. I'm asian and I can't tell too much so I had as much horchata as I wanted. They come in these cute mini milk jug type things and you could take as much as you wanted. . . This place changed my outlook on buffets. I think every time I go to Vegas now, I'm going to have to eat here. I love Wicked Spoon but my love for Bacchanal beats that.
My friend Tiff had a diamond card. WOOOOP skipped the hour long wait ^__^! Great service and great food for a buffet.  If you're ever in Vegas, I recommend you treat yourself.  They have everything from seafood and sushi, to burgers and steak, and of course, a huge dessert island!  What more can I ask for?
I don't know what else I can say, go look at the pictures. What I like the most is that they have a huge selection of ethnic food.  It's pricy but worth it. It's always something I look forward to whenever I come to Las Vegas, definitely the best buffet in town. Can't leave without trying it. I always ate until I can barely walk.
Went here the other day with my family and we all loved it. At first everyone else was a bit leery of the $45 price point but after sitting down and trying all the food they all saw that it was worth it. Now this has to be the largest buffet I've been to, not just in terms of scale but in food selection as well. I was a little bit disappointed because some of the sections that I saw in photographs from other yelpers were no longer there (or had been condensed) but everything was still amazing. We spent a good 2 hours there and I would GLADLY pay another $45 to go there again. I'd say this place definitely beats out the Wynn buffet.
A M A Z I N G !!!! . . I cannot stress how fantabuloso this buffet is.. Is it worth that long line? I believe so.. Lets start with dessert and go backwards.... . DESSERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG they have the most amazing maccaroons available - also carrot cake and creme brulee - the w o r k s ................. . Entree(s). everything you could ever think of. they got sushi steak burgers waffle fries truffle fries . BEST STEAK TACOS (i must say). SUSHI- omg sushi they have TUNA POKE and that was super delish.. . They give you this plate rubber holder and i was like psssh I don't need that.... and I was wrong... hhaha some of those plates are hot......... some 12 year old gave me their plate holder when he saw i was struggling thanks homie!. . The food i described sounds so ordinary... but the QUALITY of it is superb!!!!!
Be prepared to wait about 45 mins to 2+ hours during busy hours. The food is great!. . Stars of the buffet:. . Fresh Oysters. Shrimp. Prime Rib. Black Chicken Soup. Hot and Cold Crab Legs. Crepes made to order. Ice cream AND MOCHIIIIII
One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. This is a must if you have not tried already. It is a little pricey but way worth it. Crab legs always is bomb. You can actually wait in line to steam the crab legs but i like them fresh or steamed. They also have oyster shots which is amazing. I recently found the best mushroom risotto. It is by the pizza section of the buffet. Another amazing food that is a must try is by the sushi section. It is in a little plate with spicy tuna. It is just heaven in your mouth. The dessert is good as well. The gelato is amazing.
A must go to buffet in Las Vegas! I would say the top two is Wicked Spoons and Bacchanal. Carnival World Buffet is not bad either and I would say it ranks #3. Unfortunately Bacchanal is not part of the 24hr all you caneat deal. . . Prepare to wait at least 1.5 hrs in line. The line may look intimating then it really is. Even though it looks endless it goes by fast. I guarantee it is worth the wait! Yelpers read on.... . There is a lot of variety inside. From what I can remember there was Chinese, Mexican, Seafood (lots of seafood), Italian, American, Japanese, and something else I can't remember.. . The dessert bar is awesome! They offer ice cream, gelato, and waffle cones!. . The service was spectacular. Never had to wait long for a refill. There's even a juice bar at the buffet line. . . The dining area is huge! Plenty of space for everybody. Don't worry about being cramped. Way better designed compared to the other crappy buffet they have inside Caesar's. . . This buffet may be pricey but it's worth your money! A must try for every Vegas visitor.
Holy wow!  This place has definitely earned its place as the best buffet in Vegas. So very good. . . First things first - be prepared to wait in line. It's worth it, I swear! One of our group members complained because he never waits in line for food. He ended up saying it was totally worth the wait. We came on a Sunday night and waited about and hour. Just grab a drink to sip in line and you'll be good. . . There is a huge selection of food and just about everything is incredible. Here are a few if my standouts:. . Crab legs - a must have. . Ceviche - delicious . . Tuna and salmon sashimi (like a high end sushi place!). . Charcuterie bar - lots of cheese and meat selections . . Tiny baskets of waffle fries, chicken strips, tater tots etc. . . Dessert!. . Anyone who knows me knows dessert is ultra important and this buffet did not disappoint. I highly recommend the fig and balsamic gelato and the macarons. But most of it is great!  . . So for a amazing buffet experience go here!
The bf and I dined at bacchanal for Sunday brunch in August 2013. After reading other reviews, I was a little scared that we'd have to wait for a table. However, we arrived at about 10:15 am and walked right in. The Hostess at the front said weekend brunch starts to get crazy around 11, so if you want to avoid a massive line, plan accordingly. . Tip: if you use your total rewards card, you'll save a couple bucks off the tab. . . As for food, there were sooo many choices here.  It was a little overwhelming, but not in a bad way.  As we arrived shortly after 10, most of the foods out were "breakfast" type items. However, right around 11, more "lunch" items like sushi, sliders, etc started coming out. . . Quality was great, and you get unlimited mimosas during sunday brunch.  Highly recommend!
This place was pretty good. It is the only place that will heat up your crab legs. I went here on a Monday night and the wait was 2 hours. It was worth it, but the buffet at the Wynn is pretty good as well. This place has many varieties of food. From authentic Chinese food to authentic Mexican food. This place did not disappoint.
This is hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas right now and blows previous favourites at the Wynn, the Bellagio, and Paris out of the water.. . Is the food any better than these other buffets? Nope, not really. Nor is it even bigger than any of the buffets offered anywhere else. However, what makes the Caesars buffet THE buffet to end all buffets (in my mind, at least) is the crazy amount of selection and variety of food that's available.  It is the only buffet in Vegas that has an Asian food section serving up ramen, pho, hot and sour soup, wonton soup, miso soup, BBQ pork, roast pork, roast duck, AND pork soup dumplings (xiao long baos), to accompany a wide selection of dim sum and sushi edibles. Its seafood section not only has the ubiquitous crab legs (which you can ask to have steamed) but also seafood soups, oysters, mussels, and ceviches. And instead of a simple carving station, this buffet has a full-on meat station full of BBQ meats and roasts.. . Oh, and did I mention that the (gigantic) dessert station also has giant mochi ice cream balls in flavours like sesame, vanilla, green tea, chocolate and mango (limit of 2 per person)? And (not related to dessert), that they serve fried chicken and waffle fries in a cute little frying basket? Amazing.. . Yes, there is a wait. I wish I could tell you a strategy to beat the line. Your best bet would be to come right when it opens, but even then, expect to wait a good 40 minutes at least. My only tip, if you're coming in a group larger than 4, would be to split your group up as the line for smaller tables seems to move faster. . . Also, the air conditioning in the buffet is unreasonably cold, to the point of distraction. My guess is that it's to encourage people not to linger and loll around in a beached whale comatose state after eating so that they can funnel more people in and out.
Ranked #1 Buffett in America by USA Today. A lot of hype surrounding this place before eating here. I would say by far it's the best Buffett I've ever had the pleasure. It's not just AYCE it's set itself at such a high caliber. Quality is superb. Must to dinner for the On the Bone Ribeye is a sight!
Anyone who rates this place with one or two stars is just way too snobby. Great presentation. Didn't have any problems with waiting. You're in Vegas. What do you expect!?. . It's about 40 per person during midday lunch but its worth it. Everything is fresh and delicious. I got bite size samples of almost everything there and enjoyed everything. . Service is top notch as well. All the cooks are very nice and gladly answer any questions you have as far as the food goes. . . An overall brilliant experience.
For someone who thinks buffets are only ok, this buffet blew me away!! If you're in Vegas & want to choose a buffet, I suggest this one! There is a great supply of variety. I actually ran out of stomach room & didn't get to try everything I wanted to try.The food didn't taste bland, dry or overcooked like at most buffets. Everything was hot, fresh & tasted like what it was supposed to taste like. All in all, I give this buffet two thumbs up!!!
Easily the best buffet I've ever been to. . Great selection, tons of fresh food and its SO FREAKING GOURMET.. . This place re-defines the entire image of the "american buffet". Just look at the pictures. . . Buffets i have been to in order from best to worst:. . Bacchanal - Ceasars. Wicked Spoon - Cosmopolitan. World Carnival - Rio. Spice market - Planet Hollywood, . The Bellagio. Paris Le Village - Paris. Paradise Garden Buffet - Flamingo. More Buffet - Luxor
This buffet is amazing!!! It has just about everything you can think of and it taste super good! Even my hubby who hates buffets love this place. It's pricey but well worth it. We pigged out so much at lunch we didn't eat anything else the rest of the day lol
In my opinion, it's a great quality buffet! $55 for dinner, but I ate my money's worth and everything I chose was delicious!. . Can't remember every item, but here are the one I really liked:. . Lots of fresh king crab legs that already cracked for you. All you need to do is pluck out the meat. I ate hella.. . Prime rib was juicy red. Satisfies the carnivore in me. . . Lobster macaroni- big chunks of lobster!!. . Fresh oysters- yum! They're putting them out though- it's on purpose. Dress pretty, as all ladies should try in Vegas, and the cook might hand you some freshly chucked ones!. . The sweet potato fries- omg soo good! I usually don't care for these type of fries, but these are coated with roasted sesame seeds and ginger honey (I believe) and it takes it to another level!. . Yum mochi, macarons, and an array of unique flavors of ice cream for dessert! You can also ask them to make you fresh crepe and strawberry dipped chocolate!. . Presentation on the foods are lovely. Ambience is modern, clean and very pretty. It's next to the pools, and the windows give off a beautiful natural lighting.. . Tips: Dinner is at 3PM. Come at least 45 minutes before (waiting in line took us 30 min) that time so you can pay the lunch fee instead of dinner fee. We were late because we hung out too long at MGM pool. Got there before 3, but the line of course took longer than we hoped.. . Avoid the carbs! Don't drink too much liquids. Eat the SEAFOOD and prime rib!!!
I would have never thought that I would have two best evers in one weekend:  the best ever hamburger and fries at Bachi Burgers and the best ever buffet at The Bacchanal Buffet.  Coincidentally, best evers occurred at restaurants that start with the letter B.  The sad thing is that these best evers are located in Las Vegas, NV, approximately 4.5 hours away.  Come to think about it, that might be a blessing in disguise for my girly figure.. . The Bacchanal Buffet is situated within the confines of Caesar's Palace, which should give you an idea of the cost of the buffet.  We decided on Sunday brunch, thinking that going in the morning would be more economical.  It was cheaper than dinner, but expect to hand over your wallet to experience what I consider to be the best ever buffet anywhere.  Don't let the cost keep you away.  The Bacchanal is a must visit destination for quality, delicious, and belt busting food.  For adults during brunch, we paid $41 per person, with our children under 12 at about half that price.  It is evident right away that you're about to indulge in some high end foodie fare by the high end decor.  The hanging, glass adornments covering the lights gave that exclusive appearance.  What really sold me that I was about experience some high end, quality food were the lounge type sofas our party of 9 sat in.  Sofas, not chairs.. . Bacchanal is gluttony personified.  As is customary whenever I eat at a buffet, I recon the food choices to gameplan what I'm going to eat.  As I walked from one end of Bacchanal's buffet line to the other, it seemed endless with sensory overload from the large array of food.  And that was just the main food choices, not counting the dessert.  My eyes could eat more than what my stomach could handle, so I couldn't eat everything, but did I want to.  You will be amazed by the quality and the number of choices.  Everything was delicious and the variety was amazing.  . . I had three plates of food to get my money's worth.  The highlights of the first plate were the biscuit and gravy, premium cut of bacon from a slab, hot link sausage, and made to order omelette.  2nd plate highlights were the cold shrimp with cocktail sauce, sushi variety, fresh double meat pizza, and tuna poki.  3rd plate was all dessert and everything that I sampled, which included cheesecake, strawberry cheesecake and toasted coconut gelato, chocolate chip cookie, apple pie, pecan sticky bun, and bread pudding were all yummy and delicious.  Everything I ate was fresh, had quality ingredients, and emanated a feeling that food was prepared with a lot of care.. . Move over Wicked Spoon, there's a new champ that can call itself the best ever buffet.  The Bacchanal can lay claim to this distinction.  A visit to Las Vegas can't be complete without a buffet from at least one hotel and casino.  If you want to make that visit complete, might as well go to the best ever:  The Bacchanal, hands down.  What I paid for was worth what my stomach got out of this buffet champion.
Loved, loved, loved, loved, loved this eatery! I like to think of myself as a fine connoisseur of buffets and I had always heard good things about this place. But "good" was an understatement. This place was the Garden of Eden of buffets. I'm not going into full detail, but I will tell you that I tried a sample from every station and did to complain once (with the sushi, burger, and dessert bar being my favorites). If it were physically and mentally possible, I would eat here for the rest of my life. With friendly staff, a super-clean environment, and more food (of superior quality, no less) than I've seen in a fortnight, there is no doubt in my mind I will go to any other buffet while in Vegas.
This place is great. This is hands down the best buffet in Vegas. Be here early because the wait is very very long during weekends. This is better than Wynn buffet in my opinion. Make sure you stop by The Bacchanal Buffet when visiting Vegas.
Lets be honest, I don't often find myself raving about a place of its kind. Places often filled with people that really should, but never listen to the doctor's orders. Not the case here, this is legit. Cuisines across the world, prepared gourmet in front of you, never left out stale. Chinese, Japanese/sushi, Italian, Korean, Mexican, American, seafood, want me to elaborate? Pizzas, pastas, breads, salads, carving stations, crab legs, I can go on. But the big hit for me, someone that only decides to be this gluttonous given an atmosphere of this kind was the dessert station, what a find.. . An immense, endless array of ice creams, pastries, candies galore.. . Need I detail this more?. . You'll be so full and overstuffed from the meal had before.. . But won't care when you see this stuff that will physically put you over the edge, to the point you won't fit through the door!. . Endless ice creams, candies, pastries and s'mores.. . Crepes filled with berries, whipped cream go explore.. . Cheesecake pops, though one more thing some really adore.. . Mochi as incredible as can be. Vanilla, Chocolate, red bean and green tea. . Don't hit the buffet before hitting the pool. You'll bloat up immensely and look like a fool. . Just one thing I'll say is beware of the line. An hour wait, but there's a trick you can find. An extra $15 express will save lots of time. Maybe some truly just don't see the signs. Or people are just irrational, would rather blow that on slots then pay a few extra dimes
Best buffet I've been to in Vegas.All food was fresh and up to standards of a very nice restaurant. I even forgot at times I was in a buffet lol. . . Decor was nice and unique, not plain and boring like other buffets yes its more expensive than other buffets, but its well worth it!!!. . Yummy even the clam chowder was awesome! fresh salads, juices, shrimp, ribs, ham, duck, pastas all look appetizing.. . Enjoyable experience! will come back next time im in town :)
This buffet is awesome!. . I thought the Wicked Spoon was good, but this one is WAY better!. . No disrespect to Wicked Spoon, it's still good, but this place has a much WIDER selection of food.. . Not much to say about this place. Probably best bang for the buck out in Vegas.
4th of July weekend recap:. *Waited 1.5 hours on a Friday night to get seated.. *Paid 60 bucks. (usually 50 for dinner but they jacked up the price bc it was a holiday). *Stuffed our faces in 45 minutes to make it in time for our 10pm Cirque show.. . I'm not much of a buffet girl because I always end up stuffing my face to the point of gluttony to get my money's worth.  Plus my eyes are bigger than my stomach and the whole eat slowly and wait 15 minutes deal  goes out the window.   But when in Sin City, gotta hit up at least 1 buffet!. . Yays:. * A variety of food to choose from from and the quality is better than most buffets One yelper mentioned there are 9 stations.  I saw people at the stations cooking nonstop so the food is fresh.. * They have macarons, cake pops, gelato and mochi!!!!! ( Tried it all except the cake pops and they were deelish). * The sweet potato fries and fried chicken baskets. * The seafood (they'll even warm your crab legs for you), Italian and Asian stations. * Prime rib, kolbi sliders and kalbee ribs. * Our waitress was really nice and apologized for our wait.  She kept our water glasses filled and was really quick with clearing our table.  Maybe too quick. haha. * Crepe station. * Nice presentation and gourmet looking. . . Nays:. *The ramen/pho/udon station is exciting to see but the taste is meh.  Disappointed.. * Mexican station looked a bit unappealing for some reason so I passed right by it. But I liked how they offered dishes I don't usually see at buffets like pozole, tamales, street tacos, corn and sopes.  Maybe I'll try it next time.. *The long wait.  Def. avoid the prime dinner time of 6-8 if you don't want to wait.. * Jacking up the price during holidays- well I suppose this isn't their fault, gotta make up for the tons of customers to feed I guess...
I love buffets, you get to sample a little bit of everything instead of just getting one big meal.  Waited only 30 mins to get in, got in just before the dinner rush.  I really like the decor of the place and how everything is set up, real fancy.  On the pricey side but it the newest buffet and you pay for the quality.  I know for what you pay you could get a really nice meal, but what can I say I like buffets.  The Asian station was whatever but the meat and seafood is delicious.  Ate too much and didn't have too much room for desserts.  Will definetly be coming back for more because I like to go to buffets
Probably the best place I have ate on my vegas trip. Not only is the restaurant cool as can be looking, the service was pretty darn awesome. The food was fantastic, specially for a buffet. I left this place feeling like my belly was going to implode over the casino. It's just so darn good, and so much stuff. and I only went during lunch... I could only imagine how awesome the dinner selection is. . The food was absolutely delicious, the atmosphere was awesome, server was awesome, overall, great great great experience.
I absolutely love love this buffet! Best buffet in Vegas considering how much food there is in the restaurant, phenomenal!! Always hot & fresh & to mention the dessert bar is amazing!! They even have macarons, to die for!!!! Delicious each and every time! Yes it's expensive but I feel you get what you pay for!! I love this buffet!!
OMG where do I even start. Gluttony is one of the 7 deadly sins, and I sure as hell planned on committing it in Sin City. It's times like these when I wish I was a cow, and had 4 stomachs. But alas, I do not but I sure ate like a cow. For a $45 dollar dinner, you'd be a fool to not eat like one! This is not a time to be faithful to your diet. This is a time to cheat cheat cheat because well, you paid for it. . . Located in the Caesars Palace, I was so excited to try this buffet out. I drove from LA to Vegas, and made sure not to eat breakfast or lunch before getting to Vegas. I suggest not eating for at least the whole day if you come for dinner because with all the food here, you'll want to be hungry. . . When I first saw the line, the first thing I wanted to do was RUN. I was so surprised it was long because I went on a Tuesday. It looked like a line from a theme park! I can't even imagine the lines on weekends.  I was in starvation mode and the line just made me so sad. But I decided to stay and it was worth it. The line went by surprisingly fast and before I knew it we were seated after about 20 minutes. . . This was the biggest best buffet I've ever been too.  Their food is divided into sections like Seafood, Mexican, Asian, Italian, and American.  I like how they serve the food in small portions so you can try a lot of different food.. . My favorite thing there was the shrimp cocktail on steroids! They were the juiciest biggest shrimp cocktail I've ever seen. SO GOOD. There was a station with all types of meats that they cut for you but the line was so long so i didn't even bother.  I decided to get the tacos instead, and they were just as good as the tacos I get from LA trucks. The pasta that I tried like lasagna and rigatoni was amazing too. All the food was such good quality. They had cute little drinks in glass bottles near the Mexican station. I helped myself to unlimited horchata and mango juice.. . After driving through 4 hours of endless desert to get from LA to Vegas, I was so relieved to see endless DESSERT! They have gelato and endless mochi, and a crepe station where you can make your own crepes.  On top of that they had cake pops, chocolate covered strawberries, and red velvet woopie pies, a million types of cake, and the best part was UNLIMITED MACARONS. Macarons are usually almost $2 each in other places, and here I could eat as many as I please. They were just as good as the ones at the restaurants too.. . Me and my friends stayed a full 2 hours stuffing our faces, and I pretty much had to be rolled out of there.  Hands down the best buffet in Vegas.
I liked it.... . I actually was afraid of this place because all I had heard from friends was that it was just okay but I actually found a lot of different things I enjoyed here.. . - roasted duck - my goodness, this was melt in your mouth good here! I actually was thinking there is no way this can be all you can eat.. - porridge - more Asian food that tasted good? I can't believe it, but the porridge here with the fried donut (which I could not believe they had here) was THE perfect way to end the meal (yes I skipped out on dessert). - sushi - surprisingly, the sushi section of this buffet was decent- therice seemed prepped properly and the fish looked fresh. There was a guy making hand rolls but I had no idea where he was setting them out. - cream of mushroom soup - this was simply ridiculous! I tried not eating too much of it because of the truffle essence and as you know, if you drink, and then you burp, and you had truffle... well yeah... don't be THAT guy. - steak here was decent, got a semi fatty piece; so was the crab legs; oysters were so tiny it felt like they shouldn't have even offered it. - the other buffet fillers - nothing really stood out to me. . Would I come back? Absolutely- I'm curious how they are for their brunch/lunch hour...
There is really no reason to go to any other buffet in your lifetime. . . It was about 35 bucks during the week for lunch I believe. . . The selection is just unbelievable. And everything is top notch. . . Sashimi was amazingly seasoned, I think I ate about $35 worth of sashimi alone so I was totally satisfied. The other seafood was fresh. . . Desserts! Went with 3 other girls we got probably 1 of each dessert and split them all so we wouldn't be wasteful. It was a giddy 30 mins just eating desserts. . . I would go there alone for the sushi or the dessert, or the amazing grill selection. But I got all 3 for an amazing price. . . It's sin city so you might as well be gluttonous :)
Great quality food and excellent care in preparation and presentation. I'm not a frequent buffet person, so this exception was well worth it. The crab legs were wonderful. We enjoyed a little taste of so many wonderful foods. Great fun & we enjoyed the bottomless mimosas too - keep them coming!
You know that feeling when you eat somewhere so good you JUST have to go home and tell everyone about it? Or when the price is so high but the food so amazing, you and your friends come in at 3pm for lunch price and eat for 4 hours until dinner just to get at those lamb chops (no shame...)? Or when you get 10 rounds of food and then 20 rounds of dessert? How about when you and your party just have to exclaim to each other how incredible the food is in between every other bite? . . Yep, this is it. I don't think I'll ever eat at another buffet as good as this again. It has come to a point where if I'm only in Vegas for 3 hours, I'd come here.. and here only.
If you are in Vegas and want to try buffets, make sure you stop here! Amazing and scrumptious. The biscuits and gravy are worth 5 stars alone. A bit pricey (around $48) but the food is so good you want to keep eating and eating! They have everything you can possibly want for brunch. Italian, Chinese, Mexican, Seafood, etc...We ate so much food we really didn't have room for dessert but they all looked amazing! Next time we are in Vegas we are definitely coming here
This is by far the best buffet I`ve ever been to. The selection of food was endless. I kept walking, and walking and the line seemed never ending. Also, everything tasted fresh and delicious. An army of staff were on their feet, replacing every tidbit of foot I took.. Some of my favorite foods were the Miso Soup, the soul food style fried chicken and the pistachio ice cream.. My friends and I ended up spending over three hours here, and will definitely come back when returning to Vegas.
Best Breakfast / Lunch buffet in Las Vegas.  Hands down! One dish that got me the most was their lobster seafood chowder which was amazing! They always have different item each day. They had wide variety of desserts including Gelato, i'm in heaven.
this place as far as quality and variety is as good as it gets for a las vegas buffet. be sure to get there super early for dinner to beat the crowds. their seafood and dessert selections are outstanding. my personal favorites there included the jumbo shrimp cocktail, pho noodles, and thai tea ice cream. since we went on a holiday weekend the price was increased by $10 per person. however we felt we got our money's worth. also had 4 different non alcoholic beverages which are included in the meal (mango and pineapple juice, ginger gale, and green tea).  i would go back for the sure. but as for overall value the M resort is still the one to beat!
This has to be my favorite Vegas buffet! There was so much variety that you don't expect everything to taste as good as it does! And it was so hard to try everything that we actually ate there twice in one trip!. . There are lots of seafood options, Italian, Asian, Mexican, etc. Freshly carved prime rib, brisket, gourmet sausages...Everything here is just upped a notch. For instance, fried chicken and fries? NO. Fried chicken and SWEET POTATO fries! Made to order udon, pho, and ramen...crab legs galore - chilled or freshly steamed in the Italian station.. . And get this....CONGEE! WITH FRIED DONUTS! My hungover self has never been so happy. Bachannal, you've really thought of everything.. . Their desserts are also to die for...macaroons, gelato, mochi, creme brulee, chocolate covered strawberries...anything and everything sweet your heart has ever desired.. . $50/person and a crazy wait if you come after 5pm. Price is steep, but you get what you pay for!
I've been to this buffet four times this summer, and it's stellar every time. For some reason, I've been extremely lucky in that I haven't had to wait in line longer than 15-20 minutes. I've heard horror stories from friends saying that the line can be over an hour long, if you come at the wrong time. Try to make it for brunch, when they serve all-you-can-drink mimosas or champagne. . . Nevertheless, each time the food has been great. They have a great selection of asian cuisine, which ranges from sushi to dim sum to steamed fish to Korean BBQ.  Their seafood is really good, including hot and cold crab legs, jumbo shrimp, raw oysters, muscles, crawfish, and more.  I can honestly say that I've never tried the taco, salad or cheese area... because once I finish 3 plates of crab legs, sushi, and steamed fish, I go immediately to the prime rib, brisket, and lamb chop area.  The lamb chops can be a little salty, but the flavor is so good that it doesn't matter.  . . After 10 plates of entrees, make sure you visit the wide variety of desserts.  They have anything you can possible think of!
OMG I should be selfish and not tell you about this buffet but I will.  Try the beef tacos, anything from the seafood station like the shrimp grits & ceviche.  The Italian, sushi & Asian are in the back corner it's ok. Dessert is displayed so beautifully.
The bucchanal buffet at Caesar's palace is 9.5 stars out of 10 for me. Excellent variety of choices and high quality prepared food. My favorites choices were the different ceviche's, the sashimi, the freshly made ice cream (tai tea ice cream was awesome), and the mexican rice.
Needless to say Bacchanal is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas, the service is fast and the line went by pretty quick... well it was 4pm when I ate there. . . The food was good! very limited selection though; however, the crab legs are amazing and served both chilled and hot! Yummy. . I really enjoyed their small selection of meats and desserts. Would be coming back here for sure in the future.
This is probably the best buffet i have ever been too!!! This place was recommended to me by fellow yelper Vuena L.. . Came here for my cousins graduation party and this place definitely did not disappoint.  My buffet of choice in vegas used to be M buffet but now it has changed to this place.  The vast array of choices and the quality of their food is incredible.  I started my meal with crab legs, mussel, and shrimp.  All tasted great.  Then went to the area where they served pot roast (very tender, juicy, and flavorful) and beef sliders.  The beef sliders were really delicious.  Cooked with top choice beef and ingredients (i probably had 5 of these).  3rd and 4th round i ended up getting mexican food.  At this time i was pretty much almost full until someone told me that i completely missed the back area where all the asian foods are at.  This place really is phenomenal.  Just when i thought i couldnt eat anymore i had to hit the dessert section.  They have a wide variety of mochi balls. ice cream, cakes, pastries, and other delectables. I only ended up getting the mochi and ice cream.  . . Dinner price i believe is $44.99 and its worth every penny.  I would not mind spending that type of money for the quality and selection of food this place has to offer.
The BEST BUFFET, I have ever been to. They have the largest selection of food here its unbelievable. I would come here for dinner and skip lunch just to fit more food in. The seafood here was delicious, they offered cold and hot versions. They had clams, oysters, mussels, crab legs, jumbo shrimp etc. The prime rib was the consistency of butter, the best I have ever had. The lamb chops were also to die for. I enjoyed the asian soup dumplings and sushi and nigiri. The lasagna was delicious, as was the lobster and corn bisque and wagu beef sliders. The dessert selection was huge, they had gelato, sorbet, mochi, crepes, cupcakes, tiramisu, macarons, and so much more. I was informed that they make special desserts as well. I was delighted to have a banana souffle...Ok this was no joke the best thing I have ever eaten in my entire life. I had two. I would actually just go here for these even. Really an incredible experience. The wet napkins they have are actually warmed, wet towels individually wrapped. I would make it a point to come to this buffet. Amazing selection, incredible quality, more pricey but worth every penny.
When you walk in to a buffet and they give you a small rubber contraption just to hold hot plates with...you know your palette is in for some insane-whatever-happens-in-vegas-stays-in-vegas-goodness... but man, oh man, that is an understatement.  You walk in and the place looks like a 5-star restaurant...the ambiance, and the presentation of everything is simply majestic.  But of course...what are we here for?  What are you reading this review for?  the FOOD!!!!. . I gotta say, I am totally in LOVE with Bacchanal Buffet.  Why?  I'll give you at least TEN reasons why...I can probably give you 50, but time is of the essence, and I'm sure you don't have that much essence to read a review of that length.... . 1)  Portions - the presentation and portion size is such a great idea, not that they were the first ones to ever create it, but still, it's nice to have it already prepared for you to take because the serving has been set; that way you avoid the possibility of loading up too much on certain items.  It seems like you should be walking around with cafeteria trays just to carry all the single portions around, but I guess that prevents you from overloading too. . 2) Wagyu beef sliders....O M G, if you've never heard of grass fed beef, Wagyu I heard is some form of Kobe beef hybrid...but it is EXCELLENT.  Definitely worth getting a few of them.. . 3)  Crab legs...you have the option of getting them steamed.  Just ask for them, don't get them from the cold iced area, give them an empty plate and ask for the steamed crab legs. . 4)  Ramen - Never saw a buffet actually have ramen, udon, and pho before, and I would never have thought it would be so good, but d to the ayam man...it really was.  The broth was excellent!  I HAD to stop myself from getting more so that I could be sure to try everything.. . 5)  Breakfast items...skirt steak and eggs, truffled potatoes, mini-red velvet pancakes and even CRONUTS were the standouts for the breakfast items to note.  . . 6)  Fresh squeezed juices...poured into single-serve carafes...another awesome idea, both presentation-wise and practical...wise, he he he.  Horchata, Carrot, and your normal juices all available, super fresh, and super good. :). . 7)   Carne Asada tacos...man!  Such good quality carne asada makes for some amazing tacos!. . 8)  Gelato, ice cream, too many too choose from for dessert, especially the..... . 9)  Lava cake for dessert....just the way you'd want to have it. . 10) Oh before i forget, PEELED Jumbo Shrimp coctail...I LOVE that!   I hate peeling shrimp, esp for shrimp coctail, he he he.  . . I mean, i can only review what I remember...I almost wish I had my laptop and a video camera during the whole experience, but hey, we do what we can. :). . Wish there were some oysters, but could've been an availability thing.. . It's roughly $50 bucks unless you're some sort of high roller, so for us commoners...it can be a little steep...but TRUST me, it's totally worth it!   Your stomach will be thanking you for days.  . . Hands down my absolute favorite  buffet out there...I've hit up Bellagio, M, Rio Seafood and regular, and pretty much all of the main buffets out there(still haven't tried the one at Cosmo yet), but it is head and shoulders above the rest.  I still like M, but just the items here blew me away.. . Service staff is very friendly and you can pretty much ask for anything...don't forget your mimosas...for those of you over 21 of course.. . My Advice, go early for brunch...esp if you like breakfast items, because you get the best of both worlds.  I would say to come around 10-10:30 on a the weekends to avoid the crazy crowds and to ensure you start getting your food quick.  . . I haven't yet tried dinner and I know that there are some items that are available ONLY at dinner, such as the Macarons, but I don't really care much for them, and we confirmed with some hosts that the most variety is available around brunch time.. . I used to say that I can't come to vegas without putting a SINGLE bet on something...but now I gotta say I can't come to vegas without eating at Bacchanal! :)
Buffets are tough! keeping food under a lamp and maintaining freshness is not easy. I don't often do buffets for this reason. But in Vegas supposedly you have too! I read an article in USA today saying that Caesar's had arguably the best buffet in Vegas. We actually signed up for the "Buffet of Buffets" deal where you pay $55-$70 depending on the buffets you choose. We paid the extra $25 to add Caesar's dinner. So worth it! This buffet was endless and phenomenal. I literally tried nothing that I didn't enjoy. If I had to give advise I would say pass on the Buffet of Buffets deal because buffets for 24 hours is tough especially in Vegas. But Caesars buffet I would visit again in a heart beat!
Truly Bacchanalian!! This buffet is really the best of the best. We got the 24 hour buffet pass (Join Total Rewards club for discounts,this is free) and paid extra $25 for the dinner. The look of the place was amazing, you are greeted with the seafood bar, they have fresh oysters, mussels, oyster shooters, huge cocktail shrimp, ceviche, lump crab pea soup, gazpacho, buckets with clams and sausage (clambake) and much much more. The key is to browse the selections first, then pace yourself. There's prime rib. Tomahawk style ribeye steak, sushi, Pho, crablegs heated to order,pecking duck, chinese bbq pork(divine), and then there was dessert...macarons!!and more..yummm. I felt this one was not too overwhelming, the taste of the food is good individually and made very very well. The experience was beautiful, it could be a Vegas attraction, so good we came back for brunch, paid extra $15, the honey ham carved to order, the fresh bacon and congee made the return worth it!!
Worth every penny! We had early dinner and the wait on Friday was about 30 minutes- worth it! So much food and everything taste amazing. The service is ehh but I didn't let it ruin my experience. The mochi ice cream bar is awesome- they have practically every flavor available!
This is the pick of the strip buffets in my opinion at the moment. Yes, it could possibly be the most expensive, but the quality of food and environment of the place is fantastic. . . The seafood section consists of the usual crab legs but also freshly shucked oysters, jumbo shrimp, clams and cooked dishes like paella - yum! The bbq'd and roasted meats are exceptional, the ribs were full of smokey goodness but strangely enough, the highlight for me wasn't the prime rib but was the spicy pork sausages. These are not your typical sausages, try it and you'll know what I mean!. . There was a great selection of mexican dishes as well as some decent looking pastas and pizzas. The Asian selection was pretty good and there was also some good bbq pork and duck. There is a made to order ramen and pho bar which is a good change and along with the soups on offer, they help wash down greasy or cold items very nicely.. . The dessert bar at Bacchanal is exceptional, the choice is huge and one does not have a dessert stomach large enough to try everything unfortunately. They have about 8 flavors of frozen icecream/mochi's which were great ! These are a good change from your standard icecream / sorbet options at other buffets.. . I arrived just before the dinner session, paid the lunch price and reaped the benefits of the dinner menu. The big advantage of doing this isn't the price, but the lack of the queue which does look quite nasty later on in the evening. So skip lunch and head for an early dinner would be my advice.
OMG... this place is my new fave buffet... the line is ridiculous, but then again we didn't have to wait 2 hours to get IN... We went on Monday night around 6:30pm.  The line to pay was fast moving so we waited about 45 min.  There's also another line to be seated, so beware of the additional wait.  We paid $45.99 for the dinner buffet. If you have the total rewards players card, it's $44.99, yeah I know an EFFing dollar off... so LAME!! BUT, what we paid was worth it... here's what you get... . crab legs, oysters on half shell, rib eye steak, lamb chops, prime rib, sausages, oyster shooters, lobster corn chowder, huge shrimps (the kind you get in a shrimp cocktail), craw fish, chinese food galore, 5 different kinds of soups, including asian style chicken soup, mexican food, weird little gourmet food, and much much MORE...  the dessert bar is CRAZY amazing too... MAKE SURE TO GET UR SOUFFLE ORDER IN... YES they even have souffles ...  the service is excellent. EXCELLENT!! BTW, park towards the front of the casino. If you park near the mall,  you'll have to do some walking, the buffet is near the front lobby of the caesar's hotel, NOT nobu hotel.  If you love buffets like I do, you'll love this place.  I heard there was a front of the line pass for $25pp, but not sure cuz our total wait time was about an hour, still with an hour wait time for paying and being seated, it was worth it... if you're not a buffet fan, you should at least try it ONCE... There are some foods that are single plated, which I thought was cute, but it does fill ur plate up quick, so plan on having multiple plates at ur table... LOLz... NO JOKE!!
I came here for my birthday and it just so happens to be a Mexican holiday so I guess the buffet price was a bit more than usual. I came at 2:30pm on a Saturday and paid $55. I had to wait in line for about an hour. . . When I finally got seated, my friends and I didn't know where to start! There was soo many selections and everything looked delicious! I went for the king crabs and oysters! They tasted so fresh and easy to eat.. I ate my money worth here and my favorite part was the dessert section! They had macarons and ice cream, and you can even make your own crepe! I was so full from eating all the food but always have room for dessert. . This place did not disappoint. I would defiantly come here again and try some other foods that I didn't get to try.
My favorite Vegas buffet! (replacing my previous favorite, Wicked Spoon).. . The quality and variety of food they are able to achieve at Bacchanal is amazing.  It's the only buffet where I can honestly say I would be happy with many of their items if I had ordered them a la carte. . . The line and wait can be very long. The first time we tried to go here (many hours before our flight) we had to step out of line because the wait was so long that we were in danger of missing our flight.  I would highly recommend going early or maybe try on a weekday if you can. . . But once you get through the line.... The quality and flavors here are absolutely fantastic.. . A must try!
This buffet is by far hands down the best buffet on the planet.  Came here around 9:30am on a Tuesday and paid roughly $27 per person.  Everything tasted fresh, and there was just so much to choose from.  I normally don't do buffet eggs but these buffet eggs tasted liked they cracked every egg as opposed to using some commercial mix.  The best item was the ham and cheese croissant they had waiting for you.. . Coffee and tea were served to us and left on the table in hot pots so we didn't have to wait for the server to come around again.. . To top it off around 11 they were transitioning to lunch, so we go to experience that as well.  Also had a great dessert - a nutella crepe, fresh gelato and bread pudding.. . If there isone buffet you go to in Vegas, this should be it.
The best time to come to Bacchanal is around 2pm, which is when lunch is dying down a bit, and if you're lucky, they'll start bringing some dinner selections, and you're only paying the lunch price. I think I paid around $35. They literally have everything in this buffet, anything your heart desires! I was trying to pace myself to try a little bit of everything. They even have fresh juices that come in a cute container! All the workers are very friendly as well. Overall, the atmosphere is beautiful, and the food is pretty good for a buffet!
This is the best buffet ever. I was so thrilled and happy the whole time I was there. There's just so much to choose from and everything was nicely displayed and freshly made. What surprised me most was the 'dim sum'- they had the sticky rice with minced chicken wrapped in lotus leaves, tofu skin wrap with veggies, century egg+ meat congee with the fried dough, and some buns and OMG the dessert station, WOW!- you've gotta see for yourself! ranging from freshly made crepe, mini cupcakes, variety of cakes, bread pudding and a wide selection of gelato!! Thai Tea flavor? yes, it's there- We got there for breakfast and decided to stay a tad bit to see what kinda lunch items they will bring out. Service was good, the waiter was very attentive and friendly. Sushi was ok- too much rice and not a whole lot of selection but probably more at dinner? Overall, it was a heavingly experience and the best $28 I've spent on food
On my recent trip to Las Vegas in September, we stayed at Caesar's Palace.  It's a shame this buffet was only tried by me on the latter end of the trip.. . Breakfast:. Skirt steak & sunnyside eggs with freshly made rye toast, spicy home potatoes and scrambled eggs all with the most delicious coffee!  There were also lots of other breakfast options available such as pancakes, waffles, fresh bacon, sausage, biscuits etc.  There is a large variety.  Warning: a bit pricey but CERTAINLY WORTH IT!. . Dinner:. Too many delicious things to name.  Fresh shrimp & seafoods, pasta's, sushi, pizza's etc. No matter what you got, it was delicious!!!  WARNING: So expensive on Fri/Sat/Sun.  It was $54 per person.  Whew!  But worth it for sure.. . The decor is great.  Comfortable big seats.  The space is very large.  The service is wonderful.. . Overall, certainly worth it to eat here at least once!
First off I'm not a huge buffet type person, but this place had me going back 2x now on separate Vegas trips. Definitely a must try and the long lines move pretty quickly.. I like the fact that you don't get the typical cold, soggy and overly salty crab legs they actually have a station that serves them up hot here. Dribble some drawn butter and bomb diggity!. Also the carving station offer more selections, lamb chops, prime rib, assorted sausages , turkey, ham and BBQ ribs. The dessert area was phenomenal so many choices!
Any kind of food you can imagine, at its finest, all in one place.  The employees are happy to have you there.  All-you-can drink 1% oj mimosas included?!  Sign me up!  This was a fabulous experience, and I can't wait to come back.  Maria and Fidencio were such kind and beautiful servers, making our experience that much better.  :)
Skipped day party w/ Kaskade headlining to eat here!!! That says a lot  and I have never been so happier with my decision making. So worth every penny! Food is phenomonal!! . . There was a huuuuge line  when we got there around 2:30ish... At that time we thought itt'd be bestt just to pay the $15 to skip the line because if we waited it would have prob turned into dinner hours and the price would have went up anyways. So worth it though. . . As close as it gets to heaven! If I was a Vegas buffet, I'd totally be jealous of Bacchanal every which way.
We have tried many buffet's in Vegas and have come to conclusion that with buffet's you really do get what you pay for. I will say that their boast of over 500 items to choose from is a bit overwhelming. There was just soooo much to choose from. I can honestly say though, that I don't recall trying anything that I did not like. The carving station was one of the biggest that we've been to. The chef's were more than happy to prepare something special for you if you desired. I wanted one of the Kobe sliders without cheese and they had 2 whipped up for me in just a few moments. I can't really comment on the dessert section as neither of us are big dessert fans but as far as the rest of the buffet goes, I could not ask for more. We will definitely return here for our next visit to Vegas.. The wait to get in was quite long but they did have an option to add $15 to the $50 price and not wait in line but being a frugal person, we waited the 30 or so minutes in line. It really wasn't that bad considering the wait that is generally expected at a buffet on the strip.
I can't imagine finding a better buffet. We researched the best buffets in Vegas and this one came up, repeatedly. At over $50 a pop (for dinner), it seemed expensive for a buffet. However, it worth every dime. Amidst all of the glitz, glamor, and bullshit- this meal is actually money well spent in Las Vegas.. . The only way to try a little bit of everything is to have a dinner partner that will share things on your plate with you. We tasted food from every international station and were very pleased with the flavors, variety, and overall quality of food. The trick is take several trips (we made 9 total each) and make small plates each time. On our 7th and 8th trips, before dessert, we took 2nd round trips to the items we really loved.. . The highlights were: crab legs, the whole asian set, charcuterie, and the truffled potato gratin. And the waygu beef sliders were awesome. . . We received excellent service. Plates cleared each time we got up for another round, and our iced teas and water were filled constantly. . . We recommend going at 5pm to avoid lines. The seating system they have in place somehow makes is feel casual and not like a feeding frenzy, which is tricky but they seem to pull it off. . . The only thing we would've liked to see was salt and pepper on the table.. . All and all- this place is worth the money and wait. If you don't pig the fuck out on the first and second round, you can actually enjoy all of the stations and not leave feeling sick.. . TWO THUMBS UP. WORTH IT.
This is easily my favorite buffet in Vegas! It's worth the splurge!. . Sure, Wicked Spoon is great -- love the small portioned food, Bellagio's is always great, and on this trip we also finally made it to the Wynn's, which was also very good, but after visiting Caesars Palace's new buffet, Bacchanal Buffet, there's a new best in show! . . Sure the price is high. It was $50 for a Sunday night dinner, but I still think this is the most bang for your buck and it's worth the extra $10 over the other buffets for all the choices and the quality of the items.. . DISCOUNT: There's a measly $1 off if you're a Total Rewards member. We forgot our card in the car, and they wouldn't honor it or look up our info which I thought was kinda lame considering it was just a $1 off anyway. . . Seriously, there's so many options. I think I heard there's over 500 items to choose from, and I believe it! . . ASIAN: There's an Asian station with typical Chinese dishes like a Chow Mein, Beef and Broccoli, and Shrimp and Pork Friend Rice. There was also a variety of dim sum options. There were a lot of really good meat dishes here like spare ribs and Char siu.. . Next over was the sushi station with Ahi Poke Salad with pieces of fish much bigger than at the Wynn. There was a variety of rolls too, but none of them looked particularly extraordinarily, and too filling with the rice, so I skipped those. There was some nigiri too. . . One of the highlights of the whole buffet for me was this delicious oyster dish by the sushi station in a citrus soy sauce with sriracha. So good! I went back for more! A must try!. . There's also made to order Pho and Ramen stations, but we shared the ramen, and the noodles weren't great. They clumped together. . . MEATS: There was so many varieties of meat in the carving station from Ribs to Turkey, Prime Rib to Kielbasa, to the all star dish, the Lamb Chops!  We definitely went back for more of those.. . MEXICAN: There's a taco bar with made to order tacos and a huge condiment and hot sauce stations. There were some very good meat dishes in the Mexican station.. . One of the best surprises was the selection of Aguas frescas including Horchata. Yum Yum!. . AMERICAN: There's an American Station with Truffle Potatoes, Wagyu Beef Slicers, Mac and Cheese. . . There's a huge bread station (but who eats bread at a buffet!?), cheeses, crackers and fancy deli meats. Near by, was a small Greek section with hummus, dolmas, etc. . . There's a smaller salad station than the Wynn, but still ample had ample selections.. . There were plenty of soups to try, but I didn't have room to try those, but they looked very good. . . SEAFOOD: There's a big seafood station with mussels, clams, crab legs, raw oysters, etc. . . ITALIAN: You can also get warm crab legs from the Italian section where there's also lots of pastas, lasagna, and a very good Osso Bucco Polenta dish - a must try!. . FRIED FOOD: There's an entire fried food section with fried chicken, tater tots, sweet potato fries and sweet potato tater tots, waffle fries, and onion rings. . . DESSERTS: The dessert section was good too, in particular, was their ice cream and sorbet section. They serve them in tiny one scoop containers, which was nice. There were really interesting flavors like French Toast, Thai Ice Tea, Watermelon Mint sorbet (so good!), and a spicy Mango sorbet (also a delicious surprise!).. . I will be back! There was still more to try that I didn't even get to!
The Bacchanal is head and shoulder above all other buffets.  There is something for everybody. And everything is good.. . The ambience is chic and sophisticated. It haute without being snobbish. . . There are over 500 selections to choose from!!!. . The food looks good and tastes good.  Pace yourself.  It's easy to gorge yourself at one station.  . . The price of $50 per person for dinner there is actually a great value considering the limitless items you can get such as prime ribs, lamp chops. Alaskan king crab legs (to name a few).  You can easily spend $50 person at a steakhouse or a fancy pretentious burger joint or even at Outback.  . . The servers are very quick to refill drinks and take away empty plates.  The initial wait to get into the buffet is pretty long.  My wife and I were waiting for two hours.  . . Notable mentions:  prime ribs, lamb chops, bite-size mini burgers, Alaskan king crab legs, mini creme brulee, macaroons, and mochi ice cream.
Mind blowing experience. . . A good friend of mine strongly recommend me to try this one when I told her I'm going to Vegas, it turns out wayyyy better than I expected, $50-60 a person for a buffet sounds like a lot of money, but this indeed is the best buffet you can find in the west coast, I had try all of the "Voted Las Vegas Best Buffet" but Bacchanal Buffet makes them feel like high school cafeteria.
I have to say Bacchanal has to be the top of class in the LV buffet crowd.  We were skeptical whether its lofty prices will be worth it but after our first visit we were sold. . . It's not like Bacchanal has fancier food, or even more selection (at some point what's the difference between 450 items and 500 items).  The quality of the food is just better - better prep, better flavor.  Everything (almost ) just tasted soooo good.  Literally every station - seafood, Chinese, Mexican, charcuterie and cheeses, dessert was so good.  But the best was the carving station.  The prime rib was simply one of the best I've ever tasted.  The brisket and ribs were so smokey and tender. . . I will say though that the Caesar's website says 'king crab legs' are served.  Even the photo shows 'king crab legs'.  However, what you'll find are 'snow crab legs' and for those of you with discriminating tastes for seafood you know the difference . . and it's a big difference.. . But, for supreme buffet grub I can overlook this and still rate Bacchanal 5 stars.  Now I can't wait to see who can dethrone this mighty king of buffets.
For the past 2 years when I'm in Vegas and crave buffet I would go to Wicked Spoon.  The overall setting and variety of food has always drawn me back.  This time around I was told that if I liked Wicked Spoon I would love Bacchanal Buffet.  I was definitely told right!. . The spread and quality of food was awesome!  I usually go straight for the seafood at buffets but this place had a nice little BBQ station that I just couldn't pass up.  They had everything from smoked ribs, sausage and brisket to lamb, chicken and prime rib.  I'm not a big meat eater but I do like lamb.  The lamb chops were probably the best I've ever had.  The shrimp were more like prawns.  The crab legs were ok, not king crab like I was expecting.  They kept the cold crab legs in the seafood section and the hot crab legs in the Italian section.  The dessert stand had lots of options, my favorite was the Mochi!. . I usually choose just 1 buffet to go to when I'm in Vegas.  This will now be my new favorite buffet spot when visiting Vegas!
Best Vegas buffet I have ever been to! Everything was delicious. There was plenty of variety. It has the price tag to match, but if you have the opportunity to go, I highly reccomend.
When my bf asked me what I wanted for my birthday dinner I said "Vegas buffet." Definitely glad we came!! This is way better than most buffets I've had in Vegas. I spent two hours here eating!. . Yay:. -Oysters: I love raw oysters and I love that it was offered here AND didn't make my stomach hurt after.  I think I ate two dozen on my own.. -Prime rib: this is one of my criteria for a good buffet and they definitely pass! A lot of places offer prime rib that isn't season well but theirs is really good.. -Crab: definitely get it steamed! So much easier to remove it from the shell and had a better taste.. . Other:. -Desserts: I liked the variety of desserts they offer.  However, their creme brulee wasn't good.  It was more like a flan then a creme brulee.  I really enjoyed their chocolate lava cake and their mochi.. . Nay:. -The rude guy at the station where you get the crab steamed.  My bf asked if that was the place to get steamed crab and he said "right in front of your face." WTF!! NO! right in front of his face was a DISPLAY of the crab legs in buckets behind a glass asshole! When my bf asked if he could get some he responded with "just leave your plate here and come back in a few minutes." GEEZ!! Get a new job since you hate yours so much!
So, sad to say, I only got to try breakfast, but, that was amazing enough for me! Breakfast was about 25$ per person.. . I had tried this buffet once before they remodeled it, and let me tell you, that thing was tiny, would hardly call it a buffet. But now, the new and improved buffet is much much better. . . Our waitress was super nice, and she kept thanking us by the name on the credit card that was paid. For example, thank you ms Tam and guests. Or how are Ms Tam and her friends doing. Our table got a kick out of this.. . There were two types of fresh OJ in cute little bottles. Regular and tropical, sadly I didn't try to tropical, they had ran out but my friend said it was amazing, she had grabbed the last one. . . We had only got through half the buffet before our plates were filled, and there were so much more left to eat! There were different kinds of eggs, hash browns, sausages, bacon, typical breakfast foods.  There was an Asian area where they made noodles to order. Everything came in cute mini baskets, skillets, or dishes. The presentation was amazing. . . There was a crepe station, where they make the crepe for you, but than you put on the toppings yourself. Fresh fruits, dried fruits, sugar, fudge, Nutella, caramel, whip cream and so much more. I also saw them started to chocolate dip strawberries for lunch.. . I had wish we hadn't waited till the last day to eat here. I would love to try their dinner. But if breakfast was this great, I can only imagine dinner.
This is literally the BEST buffet I have ever been to, hands down! It's even better than the buffets on cruise ships as well! I believe this buffet is also on the ultimate buffet list (which we didn't do.). . For ~45 dollars, you get a legitimately fine dining experience with unlimited mimosas, fresh squeeze orange juice, coffee, and champagne to your heart's content. There are even well dressed servers to come by and pour you your much needed alcohol or coffee after a night of drinking!. . Food is amazing as well! Lots of selection including different area of ethnic food. We happen to go for brunch/ lunch on a Sunday and there was your usual breakfast food, Asian, French, Mexican, ect. I can't even begin to explain the awesomeness of their dessert selection, I managed to steal so many of their little mints! . . The best part is we went for brunch, and stayed for lunch... We could have stayed for dinner as well but we had already been there for about four hours eating our life away..... . The only drawback is the wait to get into the buffet... I think we had to wait for about an hour and a half. But once you weasel your way in, the place is so big and well organized that you'll never notice the crowd.
OK, this buffet gets 5 stars right off the bat for me because of one thing: FRESH MOCHI ICE CREAM!. . It's very rare to find home-made mochi ice cream anywhere, at least where I come from in Texas. When I order it at restaurants, it's usually pre-made or pre-packaged stuff - but I eat it anyways because I'm addicted to the stuff. So when I came across mochi ice cream in the dessert section at Bacchanal my eyes lit up. When I took my first bite, I was blown away! The mochi was fresh, and if I didn't know any better, I couldalmost swear they make them in-house.  When I was there, they had multiple flavors including kona coffee, matcha green tea, red bean, BLACK SESAME (!!), and chocolate. I had multiple of each one and they were all amazing! I was in heaaveennnn. . So besides the mochi ice cream, other highlights included the raw oysters and the ramen station (whose broth was surprisingly good). Everything else was OK, but good for buffet standards. Looks like they have a fairly large Asian-themed section.. . For me, the mochi ice cream alone was worth the price :)
My first visit to Bacchanal during NYE weekend I waited for almost 2 hours for a table for 8! Despite the wait- it easily became my favorite buffet. Why? TOMAHAWK RIBEYE STEAK ON THE BONE! I was speechless when the chef offered me the entire steak at the carving station. I recently went back again and had less than a 30 min wait for brunch, which was much nicer. Food was still excellent, enjoyed the variety, took advantage of the mimosas, and even though there weren't tomahawks this time around during brunch... Bacchanal is definitely still the fave!
We came here on a Saturday afternoon, so the price of the buffet was $45 a person if you have less than 8  people. I think this buffet is taking over as the best buffet on the strip. They have tons of different cultured foods and the waiters are really friendly. They take a picture of your group before you get in line to wait for a table and when you get seated, they come around with the printed picture if you want to buy it or not like a cruise ship. The food was all presentedso nicely and seemed so fresh. They also have a dessert island with many different types of gelato that they serve in this little tin bucket! They have an assortment of fresh seafood, meats, sushi, asian, and even a street taco chef! With the buffet, you can either pick mimosas or champagne that comes with the meal as well. I think one of the best items in the buffet were these little miniature burgers that was plated individually. The middle was medium rare and was so juicy, kind of like Umami burger. The sauce was sweet and savory and had a very distinct flavor. I can't wait to go back to Vegas to eat at this buffet because I was too early before they brought out the brisket and creme brulee!
All I can say is it was heaven for a foodie like myself. They had everything from sushi to burgers to a cold fish bar. I recommend walking the entire buffet to see everything before making any commitments. The dessert area was amazing, the had everything from gellato to cheesecake to cake pops and more. If your looking for a beautiful setting, great food and comfortable seating then Bacchanal is your place. I will definitely be going back :)
Best buffet in Las Vegas! . . Saturday brunch. long line starts at 10-ish. $45 per person if you have rewards card. . . so many choices to choose from! so little time and not big enough tummy! . . I highly recommended to try their juice bar,  chef's specials section, and their ramen! everything else is expectedly delicious! . . definitely will go back every time I go to Vegas.
For a couple of bucks more than the other buffets in Vegas you'll get a feast. Definitely worth the price and the quality of service is 4 stars.
Bacchanal offers the best buffet I have ever eaten at.  The design of the restaurant is modern, light and beautiful.  The food buffets seem to be everywhere and go on forever and the food is so beautifully presented.  . . Get this - I dined here for both breakfast and dinner yesterday by my friends' request because she loves it so much.  Here are my thoughts:. . Breakfast here on a Wednesday was great.  We arrived at about 8:30am and did not need to wait in line at all.  We were seated immediately.  I really enjoyed their dim sum.  The pan fried chive and shrimp dumpling was a bit different from an authentic perspective but it was very delicious.  The "lai wong bao" (a custard bun) was only okay - the steamed bun was great but the filling was a bit off.  The Congee with thousand year old egg, all the toppings, and you tiao (Chinese fried donut) was delicious.  I also grabbed an eggs benedict, and it was the best eggs benedict (excluding specialty versions) that I have ever had.  I also had their fresh orange juice, fresh watermelon juice, and coffee.  All of them were excellent.. . On the same night, we had dinner here at about 8pm.  There was a healthy line but it was fine.  The Asian food was all excellent - pan fried green beans, cooked-to-order ramen, ha gow (shrimp dumpling), a vegetarian bean curd wrap, and blackened chicken soup.  I thought the pile of meat looked very enticing, but my smoked brisket and lamb chops were just standard .  The seafood I had was all good - crab legs, oysters and shrimp cocktail.  I loved the fresh juices so much for breakfast that I grabbed another one and finished it quickly!  Lastly, the desserts were great.  The shining star of dessert was the black sesame mochi ice cream.  The black sesame ice cream had a great nutty flavor, and the mochi wrapped around it was a perfect thickness and so soft and fresh.  I'll look forward to returning one day and having their mochi again.. . Overall, well done Bacchanal!
The quality of the dishes, the selection, the atmosphere, the best buffet in town, by far!
Bacchanal Buffet is an absolutely superior buffet!! EVERY single dish was incredibly delicious. I am not a fan of trying normal dishes at LV buffets just because I like to try things I normally wouldn't. However I did try the Mac and cheese and. It was delicious as well. I found it hilarious that something so simple could be made to have such a delicious taste. We  went with a party of eight therefore they automatically added the 18% tip.  I was not surprised being most restaurants do that nowadays. I am happy to say that every single person in our party agreed it was the best buffet in LV. It was such a nice experience. Everything about the restaurant is awesome. Additionally I enjoyed their decoration and the way the food is presented. I cannot say enough great things about this place definitely worth the price considering there are other buffets that cost nearly the same and are not close to being as good! Can't wait to be in Las Vegas again so that I can come to this buffet again!!
First attempt to come here was last Thanksgiving. 3 Hour wait, um no thank you. Finally able to hit up this place in July and I have to say, this place is top two along with the buffet at the M resort. When you have smoked BBQ at a buffet, you had me at hello. Typical new concept Vegas buffet with stations from around the world. The kicker is that the food is actually good and your a not wasting it by taking a bite and throwing away the rest. Granted the 1st time I came here i had the runs 4 hours later (I'm guessing it was the pastrami at greenfield deli NYNY casino). Was hoping it was a fluke so came back a month later and I was a ok. Bacchanal and Studio B buffet, you are the reason I waste my money on food and not gambling.
Oh my...the endless tables of food had my eyes misting over. Yes, this was my first Vegas buffet but am glad I started this one so I know what the others should try to attain to.. . Being Asian, I had to try those dishes first! Two types of super hot congee (with preserved eggs on the side if you want), sushi, dim sum and ramen. I split the ramen with pork katsu broth with my sister and it was really good! No kidding. The guy made it for us. The spareribs were good and their chive dumpling was surprisingly good!. . The carving table was no joke either. I had to try the prime rib, super tender and delicious. There was also lots of sausages and the carving guy shouts Welcome to Bacchanal!. . I needed some rice so I tried their seafood paella which was full of flavor. Their cocktail shrimp was fresh and huge. I wanted to check out their tacos! Yum!!! You can get beef, chicken or pork and they grill it up for you.. . For dessert, I cleaned my gorged palette with a refreshing fruit salad in a jar and continued my gastronomic trip with creme brulee and a blackberry panna cotta. . . For the variety, the freshness and temperature of the food, Bacchanal can't be beat!
When deciding to go to Vegas, what was I most excited about? Brunch Buffet! . . Brunch is my favorite meal, and while I am not usually a fan of buffets, I do love unlimited champagne, fresh waffles, omelet bars, crepes, biscuits and gravy. The Bachanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace had all these things! . . It's $40+ per person, but definitely worth it. Brunch is only on the weekends, so it's definitely busy. I'd suggest getting there by 10 am, or end up having a really long wait. They do serve brunch until 3 pm though. We got there around 10 am and ended up having about a 20 minute wait. . . We were seated at a cozy, remote table. Our hostess told us the table is usually reserved for recently married people, but since she hadn't had any yet, she thought she'd give it to us. . . We had coffee and mimosas/champagne from the get go. Our glasses were never empty. . . Obviously not everything was a hit, but all in all my boyfriend and I were extremely happy. . . He was happy about all the crab legs, although they weren't Alaskan King Crab. . . My favorites: . -Omelet Bar. -Waffles that I topped with whip cream and nutella. -Prime Rib. -Biscuits and gravy. -Crepes(which you top yourself, I was a huge fan of the raspberry jam). -Charcuterie. -Chinese BBQ Pork. -UNLIMITED CHAMPAGNE. . The dessert station is one of the real stars too, and they even have gelato. . . The Buffet space is recently updated too, and absolutely beautiful. I think it's been voted #1 in Vegas,by someone, I don't know. But I am telling you it's delicious, and I am a fatty, so you should listen to me. . . Next time I am in Vegas, I will definitely plan it so I can come back to Bachanal for more Sunday Champagne Brunch!
Please take me back please please can I just live here?. . SO many delectable choices, make sure you swoop on those raw oysters! Oh and they had a truffle mushroom soup that I dreamed about for WEEKS...... ANd enjoy some mochi ice cream for dessert :) Worth every penny!
Two words MIND BLOWING!!! This place is well worth the price! I went there yesterday for lunch with my husband and it was everything I expected and more. At first I was a bit overwhelmed by the entrance fee of $71 for both me and my husband for lunch but once I was inside I understood why the high cover charge. You really need to come here starving so you can try all the food and even then it is impossible to try everything. There is so much good food here that you will run out of room in your stomach before you can try everything...lol. The food here is not like at your average buffet with the canned or frozen foods. Everything taste fresh and you can tell it is quality food. The wagyu beef sliders and the prime rib were amongst my favorite along with the jumbo shrimp. I was a bit disappointed because I was really looking forward to trying their crab legs but they don't have them for lunch so I will be back for dinner to try them. Do save room for dessert because their dessert bar is just as amazing and extensive as the food bar!
Went here for brunch on a Saturday. The line was very long. I think it took about 30 mins to get in, which is better than an average ride at Disneyland. So I can't really complain. . . The place is ultra modern and contemporary. I thought the service was a plus. Lots of different kinds of seats and like most buffets, the cuisine is vast with variety. I suggest coming here on a really empty stomach to get your money's worth. It was $41.99 for brunch, so pig out! . . I went to The Buffet at the Wynn and liked this one much better. Mostly because of their variety and service. So I'm kinda scratching my head as to why The Buffet at Wynn was voted best buffet in Vegas...but who cares. . . If your in Vegas...come here and u won't be disappointed.
Best buffet in Vegas by far! The wait can be long but it's worth it. Great selection of food across a variety of cuisines. LOVE the dessert bar! Great seafood and everything is very fresh! Many cooked to order options too!
Everything is top notch! Beautiful and elegant! Food is super fresh and tasty!  I will def be back whenever I visit vegas!
Can't go wrong with over 500 dishes to try from :)
FOODIE ALERT! YOU MUST EAT HERE BEFORE YOU DIE! . . Never have I fallen in love with such an amazing buffet! I am forever in Caesar Palaces debt for blessing such a wonderful place. . . Thursday lunch price is $30-35 and weekend Fri-Sun $45. unlimited mimosas for additional $10. Holiday weekends prices go up. . . During dinner at 3pm they start to serve LAMB! I must have had a whole lamb to myself because I am a huge rack of lamb fan. Amazing. Everything from oysters, king crab legs (served hot or cold), and desserts are to die for.
Came here during dinner in a busy holiday weekend.  This is far the best buffet in Vegas, with the variety of food offerings and the quality of the dishes to the nice setting inside.   I tried breakfast here before and it wasn't as good as the dinner but still a better option than a lot of the other buffets out there.  Every time I come to Vegas I come here for at least one meal and I'm not disappointed.  A must try.
A new king of the buffets has been crowned in Las Vegasfor me. Everything top to bottom was outstanding (except the price) Actually didn't have to wait to get in, got seated right away on a Thursday at around 5 pm.  Started with king crab legs and shrimp cocktail. Excellent legs and perhaps the biggest shrimp I've seen at a casino buffet. 2nd plate was the smoked meats section. Really good BBQ style meats and I'm from an area that specializes in this, so I know good BBQ when I taste it. Italian and Asian sections I only dabbled in, for I was getting quite full. Desserts were fine, I'm not a huge sweet eater to judge. Service was great, never had an empty glass or dirty plate in front of me. 1 thing to improve; the prime rib. very dry and overcooked when I asked for medium rare.
BEST.... BUFFET....EVER..... . I did not want to leave...seriously... It's a must try, completely enjoyed every single bite that i had in this place. It's like if the Wicked Spoon Buffet and The Bellagio Buffet had a baby it would be this! and i went on friday so who knows how amazing it gets during the weekend!. . First off, if you're going during the week and want to save some money, go in before 3PM, around 230issh so you can pay lunch price fordinner;). . The seafood station was amazingggg..One of the best parts of my meal was definitely the king crab, it was cut open for you and served warm if desired! The had oysters, mussels, oyster shooters and large cocktail shrimp for days.
Imagine a $$$ restaurant - gourmet food. Think of another $$$ gourmet restaurant. Think of another. And another. and another. Now put those all together and you got yourself Bacchanal Buffet.. . You can seriously take a tour of the world in this place. From Asia to Italy to US, you can enjoy the cuisines in one location. . . A few highlight dishes in my opinion:. - Fresh Cocktail Shrimp. They were HUGE! and juicy and fresh.. - Truffle sliced potatoes au gratin - it just melts in your mouth. - Tonkatsu Ramen - the noodle was aight but the broth was pretty decent. - Horchata (drink) - in the Mexican Food section. - Gelato Pistachio . - Sweet Potato Tater Tots - light, sweet, crisp. . I've been to several buffets on the strip is this one is definitely the top 2. The Wynn Buffet is the other top 2. Has better meat section (Veal, Lamb) but Bacchanal offers more variety and quantity since it has more real estate. . . Price has definitely gone up since it has opened. I ate at $35 dollars (TR price) in the 2nd week after it opened. This time around, i paid $50 (TR price) on Friday night.. . This is food heaven. Seriously. Presentation, service, and cleanliness, this place lives up to its hype and cost. For all you buffet lovers, heavy eaters, this is THE buffet to go to in Vegas.. . GO GO GO GO GO!
New favorite buffet in Vegas!  Sorry Mirage...  This place is amazing.  Every cuisine and plenty of it!  Champagne included.  Dessert even gets it's own area!  I went for lunch which has a mix of breakfast and lunch items but more weighted to lunch items.  $43 plus tip, but worth every penny.. . Just be prepared to wait in line for atleast an hour during regular eating times.
I'm eating as we speak! It's so good that I ha to write a review! Great selection of food! Seafood, soup, meats, and everything in between. I suggest you come with empty stomachs because you won't stop eating!
Absolutely the BEST buffet in Vegas!!!!
This place had the longest line ever to get into...but it went very quickly and efficiently.  The service was great and fast.  The food was AWESOME!  Definitely will come back!
I've been to many buffets and they are usually good in Vegas, but this buffet was outstanding! The quality of the food was actually impressive. The Chinese food tasted authentic and not like Panda Express Chinese. Sushi was fresh, loved the carving station with all the different meats. The taco bar was awesome as well. This buffet was totally worth it and would certainly return.
This is THE best buffet in Vegas at the moment. I didn't even take any pictures because I was busy stuffing my face. Plus, pictures would not do it justice -- every dish would deserve one.. . Crab legs, hot or cold? Up to you! They'll serve you a whole plate of fresh hot legs on request. Tonktasu ramen or pho? Why not... just eat everything here.. . Seriously, eat. everything. here.
Wow!  This was my first trip to Vegas and my first meal in Vegas.  I had never eaten at a $50 buffet before and at first thought, "$50 FOR A BUFFET"!?  Once we were seated, I took some time to walk around the different stations before choosing my meal.  I couldn't believe the selection and everything looked so delicious.  I had a little taste of a lot of foods.  My favorite were the crab legs and shrimp.  I also tried meats from the carving station, sushi, a potato dish, tacos, spring rolls, fresh juices, and several desserts and gelato.  I'm sure I had more, but I just can't remember it all.  There are so many places to eat in Vegas, and hitting this place when we first got here was probably the best thing to do.  After a few days in Vegas and eating out everyday, I don't think I would have wanted to eat so much anymore.  I will definitely be back on my next trip to Vegas to have my first meal.
Everyone said it, and I'll repeat it: This is THE BEST buffet in Vegas.. . Eat here. Like seriously eat here.. . Normally I don't like buffets because I never feel like "I get my money's worth" or whatever nonsense, but this is the exception. Forget Wicked Spoon, forget whatever else you've heard, BACCHANAL. The quality of food here is so good that I wouldn't mind eating here multiple times and just enjoy the different foods, because--yeah sure a specialty restaurant might be better with their specialty item--but this place comes pretty freaking darn close, in every cuisine too.. . Very clean, awesome and attentive service, nice and spacious.. . I believe it's around $50-55 dollars or so for dinner on Friday, but not completely sure. We were walked in to the front of the line and paid for (any Diamond+ members can do that I think) by my awesome friend's dad :) :) :) definitely made the meal better but I'll try to be unbiased. (LOLwhoamIkidding). . ----Food. -Brisket, prime rib for meat. GREAT. They have others too but I could not fit anything else in my stomach no matter how hard I tried.. -They have ramen. And pho. I only had the ramen but it was pretty great terms of ramen. I compared to ones I've had in L.A. (L.A. is def better) but I mean c'mon what can you expect, it's good enough.. . ******** Truffled Potato Gratin *****************. ^^^ NOTE THIS ITEm. TRUFFLED POTATO GRATIN. GET IT. THEN GET MORE.. TRUST ME. TRUFFLED POTATO GRATIN. nothing I can say will explain the truffled potato gratin.. . If that wasn't clear enough, get the truffled potato gratin. It's by the meat section. You're welcome.. **************************************************. -Another key item is the *PEACH GREEN TEA* drink. Order it, it's soooooooooo good. Even if you just want a taste (it's a buffet!) I've never heard of it or had it til my friends all got it, and oh boy this drink just makes me hate any other buffet for not having anything close to it.. . -They also have sushi, and more variety and better quality sushi than any other (general) buffet I've seen in Vegas, including Wicked Spoon. Tuna and salmon, sashimi and nigiri, and wasabi. The only downside is I couldn't find any tiny bowls for soy-sauce-and-wasabi :-/ step up yo gaammeee bacchanal!. . -Xiaolongbao (Chinese pork buns) and other Asian section dishes. Man they have like everything here. Tasty, but I didn't eat too much because high carb-to-price-ratio and we Asians all know we can't be eating those at buffets ;). -Crawfish was decently great.. -Standard (good quality) crab legs. Can ask for it hot or cold!. -Good desert bar.. -Oysters are good too, not the BEST but they're passable if you like oysters.. . I know I've missed a ton of sections and foods but trust me, you can go multiple times and still love the darn place. Honestly the highest quality gourmet foods I've ever tasted in a buffet. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
This is the best buffet in vegas! It's pretty awesome that quantity does not lower the quality! . . I usually go around dinner time because they have a better seafood selection :) I get the crab legs warmed and sprinkle lemon on it! Yum! Also, their oysters taste on the fresher side. . . Also, they have a good selection of mexican and asian. Don't forget to get their horchata! It's delicious. . . My favorite part of this buffet is their dessert selection.  They have macarons, crepes, pie...anything you can imagine. . . I spend a good 2 hours in the buffet and by the end of my meal, my pants get A LOT tighter. . . Tip: What I like to do is get the 24 hour band and when you get to the bacchanal you just pay an extra 15-25 dollars or so depending on whether it's lunch or dinner.
Still the bomb.  Been about 5 months since I've been here and was not disappointed. This time waited a really long time due to the sema car convention. . . Tried more asian flare this go around. The green beans were addict ing . Porridge. Yes I said porridge yum with some thousand year old egg and spices. . Didn't know they had this but sealed it for the wifey.  Boiled snow crab.  She loves crab but typically too salty at buffets. Well boiled was perfect i think she had 4 heaping plates. . Potatoe something on the meat station. Wow. Even the clam bake which looked Derry but was tasty . . All and all worth the 50 bucks. . . Maybe because we had atleast 10 ice cream mochi as well.
I was SUPERRRRR full after this buffet! My favorite and most unique reason why I like this place is because if their tonkatsu ramen and pho. Most buffet places don't serve this but Bacchanal did and it wasn't bad. My second favorite is their desserts!! Their apple pie, fresh made crepe (though I wish they had fresh fruit as toppings instead), and mochi ice cream!!! Their salmon sushi was also good and sliced the way I like it, not too thick. The warm crab legs were also a favorite, because it didn't have the fishy sea smell/taste to it and it was flavored just perfectly so I could eat a plate-ful. The oysters were pretty fresh as well. Service was great and oh yeah, the peach green tea was definitely huge factor of my fullness too. Had two glasses of it because it was so delicious. Definitely will be back, maybe next time lunch to see what other dishes they serve. Also, their food seemed super authentic which is a plus because each cuisine, the chefs are from that culture, which makes it even more authentic!
I am definitely a fan! Although we waited a while, it was worth the wait! So many different kinds of foods, and everything I had tasted good! Definitely tastier than your typical mass produced buffet food. It's very clean and pretty organized. We went for brunch, and the buffet came with bottomless mimosas! I'm excited to go back the next time I'm in vegas...it's definitely a must try!
I've been to almost all the buffets in Vegas and I would agree with a lot of the yelpers - this may be the BEST BUFFET in VEGAS - for now anyway.  . . Be prepared for a long line and even after you stand in the line to pay, you stand in another line to be seated all whilst starring at the delicious seafood selection that they purposely place right at the entrance to make you salivate even more!  But the wait is definitely worth it!  . . Crab legs!  One of the best I've had.  Usually crab legs at buffets are overly salty or frozen and thawed too many times that they lose their natural sweetness.  These don't even need butter or salt/pepper/lemon (how I usually eat my crab).  They are delicious on their own - that says a lot about how much flavor they have!  The buffet serves them cold AND hot!  Oysters were delicious as well!  . . Their meat section is decked out.. not just with options, but with FLAVOR!  The lamb was perfectly cooked and seasoned, the prime rib was tasty and tender, and their bbq ribs were drowned in the perfect about of bbq sauce to fall off the bone, just the way I like it.  . . The unexpected surprise that I fell in love with - spicy eggplant in the Chinese section.  This dish could potentially sway me to become a vegetarian... for a few meals.  It was flavored perfectly, spicy, and just appealed to the comfort food part in me.  . . There were so many options to try.  The cheese and cured meats section was large, fresh juices (including tamarind and horchata!) were given in little pitchers, and I didn't even get to touch their Italian, Mexican, and sushi section.  . . And dessert... oh sweet dessert... I will save you for last.  I was very excited about ordering my own souffle - since it's the only buffet in Vegas to serve a made to order souffle... unfortunately, it let me down.  Chocolate, Vanilla, and Pasticcio were the options of obviously I ordered one of each flavor - I came back at the agreed time and they had risen to the entertaining height to yet fall into their cute little container once again.  When brought back to the table though, they were not thoroughly cooked and were disappointing.  Having brought back too many other dessert options, I was forced to not go get another one - a fully cooked one - to try it again.  Minus that one hiccup, the other desserts were delicious, black sesame mocha and almost all of their little tiny desserts in fancy looking cups.  . . The decor was also very different - they used everyday kitchen items, water glasses, wine glasses, plates, etc as they decorations and somehow they turned it classy - using wine glasses as a chandelier.  I've seen it done before, it usually turns out rustic, but with the other decor, it gave it a food sophisticated look to the whole place!  :)  . . I told my husband about this place and we are making a special trip next month just so he can try it!
My first time to try this buffet at Caesers and it is delish!  We are lucky we know a high roller & got into the shortcut line because the regular line was hundreds deep!. . This is one beautiful buffet!   I love how they decorated the whole area.   Lots of action stations & a huge dessert island.  I barely got a sample of all the items they had to offer.   It was a big assortment. . . Here are some Highlights:. . Warm boiled Crab legs.  The cook it in front of you!. Creme brulee with the perfect crispy layer on top.  The creme part was a little dense but very good flavors. . Pepper dungeness crab, good flavor but not as fresh. Carne asada tacos were really delicious! . Lobster corn chowder, great flavor! . Sliced salamis/panchetta were very good. Steak was amazing!  Though the line was insane....  . Sweet potato tots with sweet glaze in a mini fry basket were yum. Poached salmon with arugula was flaky & flavorful. Mussels were ok. Spiced pumpkin pie was good for the season. Choc creme brulee was like choc pudding with a yummy chocolate layer. . This is one delicious buffet with so many choices,  it's sure to make everyone happy!
What an Epic Feast as they claim!!!. Every dish is crafted to near perfection with care. I felt like most items were cooked to order. All of the food were in perfect temperature, veggies had good flavor with good texture.(not mushy at all.) I dislike mushy veggies, they taste like baby food.. . I have been to many buffets in Vegas, and I think this one is the best. There are many stations to please everyone's tastebuds. The staff are extremely polite and professional. The dessert station is out of this world. Its like having a full operational French bakery in the buffet. They have everything from cookies, macaroons, gelatos, crepes, and even mochi icecream!!!!. . Thank you Caesars Entertainment corporation for complimentary 24 hour buffet pass for veterans for Veterans Day! I thank other servicemen who serve our country!!
Bacchanal is the most expensive buffet I've ever been to, but it's also the only buffet that I have felt was a good value.  The quality of the food is so high, and the service is so good, that it was unlike any buffet experience I've ever had in Las Vegas or elsewhere.. . Usually the ambiance at a buffet just makes me sad, so I tend to avoid them.  People waddle to the service stations and ladle massive quantities of sub-par food onto their plates like they are plugging up for the winter.  Nobody ever looks like they are enjoying themselves or having a good time.  But everybody at Bacchanal had a smile and as I looked around the room all I saw were happy people laughing and enjoying themselves.. . When I say "good food", I mean that the food is genuinely delicious--not just "good for a buffet."  Every dish I tried would have been appropriately served as a restaurant entree or appetizer by itself.  It's like the chefs at Bacchanal are just executing an excellent menu that happens to be served in buffet format.. . The seafood and meat carving stations were the best I've seen.  Fresh, high quality proteins and a vast variety.  I also really enjoyed the southern/diner-style station.  Usually this area consists of sad looking meatloaf and a few fried items.  But at Bacchanal, there were some really creative dishes including sweet potato tots in a nice glaze, decadent mashed potatoes and carved meats like lamb and prime rib.. . The dessert station was my favorite spot by far, though.  They had macaroons that rivaled the quality in some French bakeries I've visited--and six different kinds!  Plus a nice selection of creamy gelatos, fresh tarts and other baked goods.. . You know those photographers who take your photo at the entrance to an amusement park so that you can buy it when you leave to commemorate the experience?  There is one of those at the entrance to the buffet.  I thought it was a little weird, but I guess I can understand why someone might want to document their Bacchanal experience.  One of my friends suggested that it might be better to photograph diners AFTER dinner as they exit.  I agree that would be way funnier.. . Yes, this is an expensive buffet.  But it's also a fantastic dining experience that is worth the $50+ and the long wait in line.  I did not expect to be saying that.  But Bacchanal redefined my expectations for what a good buffet can be.
Holy shit, now this is a buffet.. . I've never been much of a buffet person -- heat lamps over food of middling quality. But the Caesar's buffet blew me away with the quantity, variety, and quality of food. The decor is pretty pimp, too.. . The coup de gras was that they had sushi! Some of the best maguro nigiri I've ever had, and I've eaten sushi in Japan.
BEST  BUFFET I BEEN TO IN VEGAS! . . I came around 11:15 AM and it was $35 per person. I guess for dinner it's $50. They had lots of food and endless amounts of meat, steak, BBQ. One side had Asian food, another side had Mexican, another side had American, another had Seafood, and guess what?! They didnt forget about the Vegetarian population! Yes they had a Vegetarian section!!!! Most buffets dont have that! Their desserts section was on the opposite side of the buffet but the sweet confections were to die for! Macaroons, gelato, cookies, and much much more! They had crab but a worker told me it didnt come in until 3:00 PM, which was a big bummer but i resorted to a bucket of mussels lol. The ramen and pho were pretty good and the sushi was great! They even had Horchata (mexican rice and cinammon drink) as well as Tamarindo, Pineapple juice, and other drinks from Mexico. Their tacos were also mad on a flat grill like at the taquerias back home in California. . . Also, the workers were friendly and very attentive! They took care of me and my table of friends and made sure we were catered to! Now thats the 10 star service that i expected from this place!. . Not to mention its located in the beautiful Caesar Palace Hotel and Casino! Lines may get pretty long which is a big bummer but the food is well worth the wait!! Not to mention, they also take a picture of you and your group before being escorted to your table!. . If your a gelato or macaroon or seafood fan, this is the place to dine at in Vegas!!
Before Vegas hotels fancied up their buffets, I was not a fan of buffets at all. Granted now you're paying more for the trendy decor & creative individual mini fry baskets/ramekins/buckets, but the food quality has also improved. . . Par-for-the-course beautiful desserts, but only tiramisu & the caramel macaron stood out as worth the calories. The rest were just eye candy (literally.). . Everything else I tried was phenomenal: har gow, shrimp cocktail, warm king crab legs w/ buttah, black bean crab, mashed potatoes, sweet potato maple tots, lobster corn chowdah, mango juice. . . Wish I had more room to try: pozole & tacos. . . My group went wild for the carving station & charcuterie. . . $51/person. Not a long line at 4 pm on a Friday. 2 hour max at your table. Became a favorite of mine & the bf's after just one bite!
For anyone that has learned to hate Buffet's as much as I have over the years...hate no more...this new gourmet buffet (open about a year) at Ceasars Palace is fantastic!!! Took my parents here and we all luved it...they had Prime Rib, Lamb Chops, I had King Crab, Salmon & Ahi Sushi, mussels,oysters, lobster 2 ways, shrimp, ceviche, a bunch of different sides all in small plate size so you could try many different options (over 500!), for dessert we had panna cotta,tiramisu,mochi,key lime tart, and on and on and on...I can't stress it enough...if your in Vegas, you should go here : )
Best buffet in Vegas. Good. Service and good food. Desserts are exquisite. Good pizza and ramen. Mango with chili sorbet is a must.
they've got food to satisfy every palette ... go hungry...leave happy. . my fav part is the cheese and charcuterie . . make sure to leave room for the dessert
Waited in line for a little over an hour to get in.  There's also an option to pay $15/person to bypass the first line (yeah, there are two lines) if you can't stand the wait.  By the time I paid, the wait in line was at about 2.5 hours, so I can definitely see that being worth it.  . . The buffet itself is everything I wanted it to be.  I went to Wicked Spoon earlier in my trip, and wasn't very impressed.  Bacchanal had a much larger selection of items, and IMHO, they were prepared much better.  . . The BBQ pork was unusually delicious.  The tacos were made to order.  The selection of meats and seafood items was out of this world.  I was so full after several passes that I didn't even make it to the dessert island.  I did, however, see that they make fresh crepes, so hopefully I can control myself better next time I visit.  . . The service was great.  Our server was very prompt with drink service and attendant to all our our requests.  The patrons and dress code were about what you'd expect at a reasonably upscale Vegas buffet.  . . I read somewhere that Caesar's spent $17,000,000 to build this thing.  It shows.
Newly renovated and featuring over 500 dishes, the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars is a show stopper! With so many offerings and limited stomach space, the variety can be overwhelming. Stay calm, loosen your belt, and enjoy!. . Make sure you don't skip these:. - Warm Crab Legs: Leave behind those icy cold, bland-tasting snow crab legs and hand over an empty plate to one of the friendly guys behind the counter. He'll reach into a steaming pot and serve up a hefty pile of sweet, succulent seafood.. - Oysters on the Half Shell: Shucked to order, these beauties don't hang around for long so a bit of patience is in order. Double back to the sauces to grab a fresh lemon wedge (and cocktail sauce, if that's your thing).. - Oyster Shooters: Like a bloody mary, minus the vodka and add in a freshly shucked oyster, these tabasco-filled shooters pack a punch!. - Ceviche: White fish marinated in plenty of lime juice for a refreshing palate cleanser.. - Prime RIb: Beautifully roasted with a range of temperatures available, the rare is indeed a stunning bleeding red hue. Don't miss the savory jus!. . But you may want to skip:. - Tonkotsu Ramen: The broth was grainy, though the chashu and bamboo were great.. - "Dim Sum": The sticky rice in lotus leaf was good but the xiao long bao had a tough wrapper and the rest of the offerings were mainly fried (egg rolls, deep fried gyoza...).. . Time for dessert:. - Red Velvet Cake: Moist cake layers sandwiched between fluffy frosting that was almost too sweet.. - Taro Panna Cotta: It seriously tastes like a deconstructed halo halo. Pretty bomb!. - Tiramisu: I'm a sucker for desserts in shot glasses and this one did not disappoint. Don't miss the chocolate covered espresso bean garnish!. - Macarons: Available in a wide variety of colors and flavors, these had a crispy shell that completely shattered with the first bite. Great ganache!. . DEFINITELY don't miss:. - Chocolate Covered Strawberries Dipped in Pop Rocks: That's right. Pop Rocks. At first, it adds a familiar crunch, not unlike dipping a bonbon in crushed nuts. But then the fizz, crackle and pop! So incredibly fun to eat. :). . Whether you're up or down in your winnings, this buffet is well worth the splurge!
Best buffet I've ever experienced. The best variety of food from all over the world in one crack. Try the lobster chowder and the smoked salmon shooter. Those two dishes were so tasty that I had to go back for more. The food quality is also up there. I highly recommend. Pricey but totally worth the experience.
I have to say this buffet is literally the best buffet in Vegas! You know it's going to be an epic feast when you have to wait in line for over an hour to eat! And of course the wait is well worth it! So I want to go ahead and talk about how amazing they're taco stand is! They make your taco on request! How cool is that ? And so since I'm a Pho fanatic you know I had to go to the pho station and it blew my mind how good it was Mmmm :) So my next entree was the crab legs, which I normally do not eat but it was honestly mouth watering and now I'm pretty much hooked on crab legs! Haha. And last but def. not the least i stopped by the dessert station, and wow! They have a crepe section where they make it right in front of you! I had a Nutella crepe with strawberries smothered all over it and with a hint of ice cream! Wow my taste buds were going insane! I honestly can not wait til I go back to Vegas so I can enjoy this experience all over again! The service was on point and very friendly. If you have not tried this place, your honestly missing out on the best buffet out there!
I'll start off by saying that I am not a buffet person, so for me to give this place 5 stars is a big deal.  However, my husband and father both are, so on a recent trip to Las Vegas/Caesars with both of them, it was inevitable that we'd try the buffet.  Boy was I pleasantly surprised!  The first thing that caught my eye was the shellfish station.  I enjoyed jumbo shelled prawns with cocktail sauce, fresh smoked salmon rosettes & shot glasses of gazpacho topped with fresh crab meat.  My husband and father also raved about the oysters on the half shell, oyster shooters and both hot & cold crab legs.  The seafood was very impressive!  My next stop was the sushi area.  There were about 6 different types of rolls and a few nigiri sushi selections as well.  Being gluten free, I was very pleased to find that they also had Tamari available (though I did have to ask for it).  The final part of my meal was the salad bar, which included several different types of greens & quite an assortment of other veggies, beans & other toppings.  I especially liked the individual diced fruit salad served in mason jars and tossed with fresh mint.  Such a nice touch & presentation!  My husband and father also enjoyed the carving stations, mexican items, asian items...pretty much everything!  They both said the buffet offered some of the best beef they have ever had.  Unfortunately for me, the dessert "island" did not offer gluten free items besides sorbet, so I had to refrain from indulging.  The items offered looked wonderful though...fresh crepes, chocolate souffles, cookies, pies, cakes, gelato and much, much more.  I did break down and try a chocolate macaroni though, which was delicious!  The service was fast and attentive and we enjoyed chatting with our food servers.  . . We also tried the Rio buffet while on this trip and the quality of Caesar's compared to Rio was immeasurable.  I would not hesitate to recommend the buffet at Caesar's!
I have never walked out of a buffet so happy! Every single thing you try is amazing, the service is phenomenal and the drinks are simply the best!. . Our server was Alvaro (El Chileno).  He was very pleasant and attentive.  He even gave us tips on how to fit more food in our stomachs! No rush whatsoever.  . . The highlights of the night were definitely:. . Raw Oysters (extremely fresh!). Udon Soup. . Salad-- tomato with mozzarella. Hot crab legs. Truffled scallop potatoes. Lobster corn chowder. Creamed leeks and lobster . Vanilla creme brulee. . Pecan pie. Apple pie. Donut -- a.k.a. macaroon (rose). Mochi - green tea and coffee. . Make sure to try everything on that list if you go there.  . . I also ordered the sangria and I must say it's one of the best i've ever tried.  It comes in a 16oz glass.  The deserts are to die for and the coffee tastes wonderful.  We probably drank 3 cups each.. . This is hands down the best buffet in Vegas.  You definitely get your money's worth.
The best buffet I've ever been to! The options are endless and even though we went right at noon there was not a long wait at all! The best was definitely the dessert buffet! Will definitely be coming back!
BEST VEGAS BUFFET!!. . Loved it more than Wicked Spoon! Be warned that the line gets long, though. We came at 1PM and ended up paying more to just skip the line and cut to the front.. . All the food was delicious......... there was too many things that I loved at the buffet for me to list. ** EVERYTHING ** was good!! Our waitress was SUPER funny and great to us. We refilled our mimosas countless times but she was always really nice and really friendly! (Free bottomless mimosas on Saturdays!). . They have a huugee selection of food. I wasn't able to try all of it because I got too full, but all my friends had raving reviews about the place.. . Bacchanal is a CANNOT miss when you go to Las Vegas!
No words needed.. THE Best.
One of the best breakfast buffet I have tried. If you want seafood like shrimp cocktail or green mussel for breakfast then this place is a must try.. . Hand them your rewards card for discount on the buffet when paying.
One of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas! So many options, so delicious, creative and unique, and great decor. Long wait, but it's expected. Yummy crepe station! Both warm and cold crab legs! Choices go on and on! Great tasting food/desserts!
Hands down.. Best buffet in Vegas of 2013 for me.. . Better than Cosmo's Wicked Spoon, Bellagio and Wynn, which has been a favorites of mine for a few years.. . Because it's a buffet, I stuffed myself, and I honestly cannot remember everything I ate that night so I will leave you with this.... . My favorite stand out was the fresh raw oysters. And, as an Asian person, I'm usually disappointed (and annoyed) that these Vegas buffets always get the Asian food wrong. Here, the Chinese food is legit! They even have Japanese ramen. Crazy, right? (They still can't get sushi right.). . It's a must go!
At first there were the loooong lines for dinner and then the $50 price of admission.  I must admit I was skeptical on how good a buffet could be.  That all changed once we were walked to our table and give a quick tour of the stations by our hostest.  My eyes lit up like I was in buffet heaven.  . Once I started to visit each station and loaded up on some food I was impressed on the selections of each station.  Peking duck and Chinese roast pork at the Chinese station, 6+ different type rolls at the sushi station, chilled snow crab legs on the seafood station and hot just boiled snow crab legs on another station!, a station just for cold cuts and sliced meats, a carver station, Mexican station, and a huge island station for sweets/desserts!   This place is buffet heaven and for $50 this is worth every penny!. I will be back one day Bacchanal Buffet.
Without a doubt, the Bacchanal Buffet is one of the top buffets in town.  They are located at the middle of the Strip inside Caesar Palace.  The only nuisance thing about them was probably just the wait to get inside, even worse than many popular buffets in town.  There were literally two lines, one to get to the cashier, then another one to be seated.  One can skip the wait by being a high tier gambler with Total Rewards.. . The cold dishesstarted near the entrance and ended with Asian dishes at the end.  I do not recall having a bad dish here.   The steamed snow crab is better than the cold one.  Most of the seafood served here were on the fresh side.  Sushi and Chinese foods were ok.  They have a noodle station with pho and ramen, and both of them were just ok.  The curved meats were quite delicious.  Desserts were always the best part of a buffet, as it helped push your stomach beyond the limits with attractive looking sweets placed in tiny shot glasses.. . Price is about the same as any other seafood buffets on the Strip.  For buffet, it was probably as good as it gets in Vegas.  They definitely deserve a revisit in the future.
I used to think Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan was the best buffet in Vegas until I came here. I came here for dinner on a Saturday night with a few friends and the line was so long that the wait was at 2 hours. Instead we opted to pay the express fee of $15 on top of the $50+ price tag for this buffet and we were seated immediately. The dining area is humongous and I believe seats well over 700. The decor is very upscale. I really felt we were dining in one of the fanciest places in town.. . I thought Wicked Spoon had a giant selection, but this place has a lot more. Its broken up into sections depending on the type of cuisine. There's seafood, chinese, japanese, mexican, american, salad, dessert. I was able to get a plate from every section and sample almost all the food, but was limited by my stomach capacity unfortunately. . . The quality/taste of the food was a lot better than the average buffet but of course not as exceptional as a sit down and order type restaurant. In my opinion the must try's are definitely the macarons, made to order ramen noodle soup, prime rib, salmon, HORCHATA, thesushi rolls....actually just try everything. The presentation of the food also was impressive. There's only so much I can describe with words though so I must say go and try for yourself and be amazed!
The BEST Buffet in Las Vegas...BAR NONE!. . The first time I was in Vegas, it was exactly about a year ago, Wifey decided to purchase the 24 hour All You Can Eat option, which included Bacchanal and several other places. Never again will we do that. Of course after eating here first, the rest of the buffet places were nothing compared to Bacchanal. . . The first time we where here, the line was so long I almost wanted to quit and go to another place. I was starvin' like Marvin. I'm so glad we stuck it out even though it was over an hour before we eventually made it inside. It was totally worth the wait.. . I remember tasting the boiled King Crab Legs dipped in melted butter and I was blown away. Cold King Crab Legs is good, but boiled King Crab Legs is another level of flavor. The sweetness of the meat really comes out and the melted butter just gets absorbed into each nook and cranny when it's boiled. It also makes it easier to go down so you can pig out like a Sumo wrestler. . . I also had a taste of the Lamb Chops, and it was one of the best I've ever had. However, when we went last year, they only had a few Lamb Chops left as it was close to closing time. I also had one too many plates and felt like I was going to burst. . . So on our subsequent visits, we learned our lesson and strategized on how to attack this place. We picked what we liked and didn't eat too much carbs and fried food; the type of food that would quickly fill you up. So less is more, in theory. However, it's easier said than done. Actually applying it is so difficult with so many good options they offer. It's a cornucopia of everything that we should have in moderation. But that's not how a buffet works. . . The last time we were here, which was last week, I made sure to get the Lamb Chops first and I got that out of the way. (I got eight) We got a few more of our favorites to share and definitely a lot of seafood. We didn't leave too stuffed, but got more than enough to please our inner pigs inside us. . . You will definitely need to hit the gym or go for a long walk after eating here.
I've tried Wicked Spoon, The Buffet at Aria, and now Bacchanal Buffet, and I gotta say that Bacchanal is by far the best.  There are a ton of different cuisines to choose from - Chinese (dim sum, lo mein, fried rice, chicken and broccoli), Japanese (sushi, miso soup, ramen), American (mashed potatoes, assorted meats, truffled mac&cheese), Mexican (tacos, nachos), seafood (shrimp, king crab legs), all sorts of salads, juices, pizzas, and desserts.  . . I was in a group of about 10-20 people, and the service was still pretty good.  By the time we were done, we wanted to explode from all the food we had just eaten.  Luckily since we were at Caesar's, it meant we can walk around and shop afterwards to walk off all the calories we had just consumed :)  It's OK though because it was definitely worth it.
By far the best buffet I've been to in Vegas.  Pricey, but well worth it. Had gluten-free desserts as well, including ice cream filled mochi (my girls' favorite Japanese dessert)!. . Sushi was high quality, and I like the fact that many of the dishes are pre-plated so you're not dishing out food from the community troughs!. . Highly recommend!
One of the better buffets available to blob out at. $50 per person. I can't really eat $50 worth of food in one sitting but I gave it a shot anyways. I didn't stop eating when I was full, I stopped eating until I HATED MYSELF.  There's a huge menu to choose from so there's something for all. I'd recommend off setting your show up time when it's not peak feeding time for all the cows grazing. We showed up at 11ish and we were sat by the entry way. I got a view of the extending line throughout my meal. It has one of those wrap around amusement park lines that just kept getting longer through lunch time. I was looking for a sign that said "1.5 hours from this point forward."  There was a previous post that stated that person waiting that long to eat dinner. I don't think I would have made it. Our wait time for the line was 13 mins. Good food. There's steam crab available, you have to look for it because it's not co-located with the cold crab legs.
The food I had here was the best food I have ever had in life. They had several different types of cuisine to fit every diet. The beef was so succulent, the sushi was so fresh and crisp and the dessert bar was to die for. Every single thing was delightful and the presentation of the food was just as great as the taste. The only cons were the long lines and it was a bit pricey but it was beyond worth it.
I have tried The Buffet in Wynn, and the buffet in Mandalay Bay, both of them are good. But the buffet in Caesars is definitely the best! But the price is a little higher than others. $45.39 per person, tax included.
This is one of the most impressive buffets I've ever had- the only other comparable one is in asia.. . . It is a lot for a buffet, sure, but you're paying for creativity, presentation, variety of food as well as excellent service. . . They do an amazing job surveying different cuisines; while other buffets may dabble into other cultures, Bacchanal really immerses itself in excellent presentation and quality in their Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, Italian etc dishes. There is an impressively authentic array of Asian cuisine with dim sum, stir fried dishes, porridge!, and ramen. They also a great seafood, meat, and cheese selection. Every time I looked over at the bf he was eating a different type of meat and looked quite happy.  I loved the sweet potato tots, seafood paella, creamy polenta, pork buns, and fresh juices. . . I'd come again purely to eat dessert. Everything was beautiful, delicate, and delicious. . . Compared to Wicked Spoon, Bacchanal has much more seafood, does a much better job exploring different cuisines, and has a somewhat more impressive dessert selection.
from the staff i heard, to avoid the horrendous wait, you need to arrive between 9:30 - 10:00 for the lunch buffet... at 11:00 am. Meaning after a long night at Marquee or Crazy Horse 3, you need to bust your ass over to caesers to avoid waiting 2 hours in line... and wait 1.5hours in the line.. . Needless to say, we arrived at 11:30 for a projected 3 hour wait, paid the express line feed of $20 / head and we were on our merry way. I figure, 2-3 hours is really $6-$10 and hour, and come on, i think if you're ready to shell out $40 for a buffet, you're likely not making just minimum wage, and your time is probably worth more than that. It should be noted that by the time we left, the line for the express lane was a good 40min - 1hr wait. . . food is exceptional as always. We went there for thanksgiving lunch and had the usually carved turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes along with prime rib, seafood, noodles and everything else. I tried almost everything and decided that seafood and carvery are must haves. the asian food is definitely for the china people, who usually eat chinese food for breakfast / lunch / dinner, and it was pretty mediocre. The deserts were amazing, love the crepes. . . overall we spent close to $70 bucks a person for this and i could honestly say, it was probably worth it. we were stuffed to the gills with amazing food and it was an overall good times.. . Highly recommended if you have the time, if you can't decide what to eat, or if you love the lines.
We came here the day after thanksgiving for lunch. Super long line! After waiting for an hour and knowing it would be another hour wait (plus we had a show to go to) we decided to pay the extra $20 bucks per person and just get inside!. . Oh wow, so much amazing food! I had mainly thanksgiving food since on Thanksgiving day we ate at an Italian place in Ceasars, which was very good actually. Let's see there was turkey, sausage, prime rib, candied yams, glazed carrots,  green beans, mashed potatoes, and more! It was all delicious. My boyfriend also had some of the thanksgiving fare as well as some sliders, pizza and he really enjoyed the brisket.. . I was most excited about the freshly steamed crab legs! Yep...I will admit I had two plates. They were delicious! You bring them a clean plate and they will hand you back your plate full of piping hot crab legs! They had little cups of melted butter just off to the side. I also grabbed some lemon wedges and squeezed the lemon on the crab meat before dipping into the butter. Omg heaven!. . For desserts I believe I tried their tiramisu, creme brulle, and a chocolate mousse. My boyfriend had a raspberry dessert, a piece of tropical cake and I believe something chocolate...he always gets something chocolate. Lol Everything was wonderful.. . This will become a buffet we visit every time we're in Vegas!
Waited 15 minutes in express line that cost extra $20per adult for thanksgiving brunch, price of brunch $59? on that day, but I liked not having to wait long this time, kids half price. For two adults, four kids, cost $280 plus tip, express. The buffet was amazing, fresh, and far better than the past now that I did not have to wait as long as the dinner and later crowds.  We stayed three hours and tipped extra, but really no one rushed us. Service amazing even though buffet.  The week prior I ate at wicked spoon and it had gone downhill in quality, so for thanks giving this was the only buffet I was willing eat at with the low wait.  Would I wait two hours for this buffet? no. It is not worth two hours, but when you see no line and come at the start of opening, it is the best buffet food, selection, freshness in town.
Best buffet in Vegas!. . This is just gonna be a short review since around 1500 ppl have reviewed this place already. . Definitely a MUST when you're in vegas!. TIPS:. The wait could be very hideous; HOWEVER, if you happen to have some good luck and win some gambling moneyyy, LOL there's a express lane for 20$/person! you can SKIP and lined up in front of everyone!. I used express lane this time; so instead of waiting in like for 2.5 hrs, i waited 20minutes. :DAWESOME!. . There're SO many choice! and PLUS, they all tasted REALLY authentic and delicious! i hated when I go to some buffets, though they have variety of choices, but they cannot make ONE DISH right. that's not gonna happen in Bacchanal! :) they have american, italian, middle eastern, japanese and chinese food.. . Waiters are also very friendly and attentive; even though it's very busy but they will still try to get to you as soon as they can.
FORGET EVERYTHING YOU KNOW ABOUT A TYPICAL BUFFET EXPERIENCE.. . Like other reviews, If you're looking to save money do the following: Get in line around 2PM, hopefully you'll pay before 3PM. Why? 3PM is when the dinner entrees come out. Go before 3PM, pay the lunch price and eat all the glorious dinner offerings.. . Me and my gf went on a Monday before Thanksgiving and only waited in line for about 20 mins and the line moved quickly. We actually got seated around 2.20PM. This place is beautiful, and not just for a buffet. If I didn't know any better, I would have thought we walked into an upscale restaurant at Caesars or the Venetian. The light accent lighting is gorgeous and is just minimally decorated but enough to make you feel like you're eating in luxury.. . The service was also very top notch. Our drinks were refilled frequently and dishes were taken up fast as well. When we went, I personally had: Sushi (selection was actually slim.. just your typical rolls like philly, salmon, California, etc. and there was no sashimi), duck, sauteed crabs, cha siu (chinese style roast pork), Ramen, selection of fine cheeses, assorted deli meats, Mussels, oysters, crab legs (steamed and cold), crawfish, flank steak,  lamb chops, risotto, Dim Sum, Smoked Salmon, P/D cold shrimp, and some fresh fruit drinks: peach mango, horchata, iced teas, etc. All the food was delicious, cooked perfectly and was served at the correct temperature.. . The only things I didn't really enjoy were the crawfish, mussels (my gf loved them), crab soup shooters and the crab legs, unfortunately. The crab was a hit or miss both when it was cold and steamed.. . They also had Pho, Udon Noodles, Pasta, Mediterranean food, Pizza, American food (wings, sliders, fries, tots, etc), create your own taco station. The only things they didn't have that I was expecting: lobster, rib eye steak, grilling station, and Kobe beef. . . P.S.- they ask you only stay for about 2 hours but we we're there for almost 3... You gotta try this place!!!
You have to take my review with a grain of salt as I did not have to wait a single minute to get in. . . The buffet is very pricey.  Three people, it was $200.00.  Yes, it's expensive but when you walk out, just don't slide in that $20.00 you were going to in the slot machine.  There, you've saved money so you can eat.. . The food here is amazing.  Really, nothing tasted like buffet food.  Everything was fresh and excellently made.  I hate reading too much so here's the list of items to get.  . . Chinese Line (on the far right). . Don't go there.  Are you stupid?  Why would you pay $60.00 for buffet Chinese food.  You are probably the type of person that eats at PF Changs (aka expensive Panda Express)  Move along to the left.. . Mexican Line (next to the Chinese). . Read the above.  If you are paying $60.00 for buffet Mexican, take your ass back to Old Country Buffet.. . Meats. . Ok.  The Prime Rib was AMAZING.  I have to say it was better than Bellagio and that is really saying something.  Make sure to get at least two slices.  . . Sushi - The best quality of sushi at any buffet.  Everyone talks about how good this is.  Every piece was very good, fresh and high quality.. Others. . Wings - awesome and perfect amount of spiciness.  The chicken is high quality and there's plenty of meat.  Only get a couple pieces though because there's too much else to try.. . Pho - yeah.  I said Pho.  This is definitely the best pho I have ever had made by a white guy in a chef's hat.  You are doing yourself a disservice if you don't try this.. . Dessert - get the mochi icecream.  Don't forget it.  This item is crucial because mochi can be hard, stale or too melted.  This was just right and absolutely perfect.  They only give you two at a time so be ready for that.. . Coffee - they give you your own little pot.  This is a small touch that I love because I hate having to track down someone for a warm up - especially in the chaos of a buffet.  . . DO NOT MISS THIS PLACE IN YOUR TRIP.  IT IS VERY WORTH IT.  AND YES IT IS BETTER THAN BELLAGIO.
I've been here twice now and just love it.  I stay off of free mount st and make it a habit to come here at least once while I'm on Vegas everytime.  The food is so good and the best service I've ever had at a buffet.  Tons of choices to pick from and desert is the best part of my night:). . Make sure to get here early if your gonna plan for dinner because the line does start getting a little long but it is well worth the wait
You need to look no further. This buffet selection is huge. And everything tasted great. I started with the dim sum and sushi. Then I moved onto the meats. One of he chefs brought out a new prime rib roast so I asked him to cut me a rib. There was also brisket and turkey. I opted for the fried chicken and BBQ game hen. SO many choices at this buffet and a discount for being a total rewards winner. Will definitely be back when I'm visiting LV again.
We went to Wynn as well, but not nearly as good as here. If I live in Las Vegas, I will be here every weekend. . . A great selection of food, especially for my Asian taste. My favorite dishes include ramen noodles, dark-chicken soup and a white fish probably sea bass. But almost all dishes are executed very well. Nothing I saw look generic and each dish can easily go to a restaurant and be served individually. Think about it. It is actually a very high bar for a buffet place. Comparatively, a lot of items from Wynn probably can only be served at buffet or lower end restaurant. The food item options are quite limited as well. I wish I went to Wynn first and then to Bacchanal. I probably would not be this disappointed.
I was a bit hesitant about eating at a buffet that refers to itself as "back-anal" until someone politely corrected my pronunciation.  I think that the name refers to the feasts honoring Bacchus (Roman, Dionysus - Greek) the God of the wine harvests.  These celebrations involved gorging, then purging, followed by another round of gorging, and finally a massive group orgy at the end.  Unfortunately, the group orgy is not available as an option at this buffet.. . The Bacchanal does truly live up to its name, and is only what I could describe as an orgy of food.  If you want a variety of foods, this is the place to go to.  The meat station is probably the best in terms of different offerings - ribs, slab bacon, brisket, multitudes of sausages (ask for it by the inch). There is also a juice bar, that has fresh juices all individually set out in mini carafes. Don't get the green stuff, and watermelon juice is not as good as it sounds.. . The buffet style is somewhere in between Wynn/Bellagio and the Wicked Spoon.  The quality of the food is pretty good for so many offerings.  . . Is it worth the price?  Probably not, unless you are a massive glutton like me.  For around $50 per person you could probably get a better meal at any of the other Caesars establishments and get just as full.  But that is not the reason why we go to these buffets. I think of it as a form of entertainment for the eyes...like a strip club for my appetite, but here I can touch.  The dessert station is a bit weak compared to the level of the buffet, but I rarely make it to that point anyway.. . Expect a massive line like you would see at Disneyland.  If you have Platinum, Diamond, or 7 Stars membership in Caesar's Total Rewards Club, then your wait is nil.
I've been to who knows how many buffets in Vegas and this is by far the best. It is the most expensive but you get what you pay for here. I can't even name everything I ate the last time but I am going back! Crab, prime rib, beef rib, dim sum, sushi, tacos, seafood... You name it they got it. The only thing that wasn't great was the sushi. Pretty poor showing for this but if you're going to do sushi do it right and go to a Japanese restaurant. Moral of the story... GO here if you have time if you want a great buffet.
The best of the best! The food is excellent.  We eat here all the time.     I wish, I could live there.  . . It's the best place on the planet.
I love love love breakfast and bacchanal blew away ALL other breakfast places I've been to. Everything I ate was mouth watering good... Even their scrambled eggs and hash browns. Didn't think you can make something so simple like scrambled eggs so tasty!! For breakfast they have a variety of egg dishes, hash browns, tator tots, breads, pancakes, omelets, chicken and waffles and freshly squeezed juice blends. They even have dim sum! I recommend trying a little bit of everything and save room for dessert. I ate way too much so didn't get a chance to try their dessert so I can't comment on taste but I can say it all looked good!. . If you like breakfast. Come here.
Wow!  Best buffet in town so far that I have eaten at.   There is a line to get in and it helps to be a Total Rewards Platinum or Diamond member, so that the wait is minimal.   But all of the wait is worth it!   The price on a Sunday for lunch was $49.99.  The service was excellent, our server was Massimo and he was attentive and very courteous!  The food was exquisit! Higher quality of food with so many choices.   You can get full just trying so many things.  I saw people just taking there time and grazing to enjoy the food.
This is the best buffet I have tried in our trip to Vegas.   The best part were the fresh juices they offer and the steamed crab legs (which has more flavor than the cold legs).   . . And the dessert is out of this world!
If you're going to charge what Caesar's charges for most of its services and restaurants, you'd better be good. The Bacchanal Buffet certainly is.. . For my money, it's easily the best buffet in Vegas over some pretty darned good ones (Bellagio, Paris, and Rio come to mind as honorable mentions). The food selection is as wide as it gets, and everything's pretty darned good. Yes, it's expensive, but I've been here a few times and it's blown me away.. . Fair warning: Do not just show up thinking you'll waltz right in, especially on weekends. For dinner, waits can be up to an hour at the busiest times, so be sure to account for that. Trust me, though, it's worth the wait.
Wow!  My husband and I decided to make this place our one dining splurge while in LV, and it did not disappoint!  We've been to plenty of buffets over the years and this one really is special.  Even their coffee is better.  Highlights included Lobster and Roasted Leeks, big luscious shrimp cocktail, cold and steamed crab legs pre sliced, PHO, Salmon Gravlox, prime rib, and so much more.  They have some pretty high end exotic choices here, so get adventurous and try some new things!  The presentation is beautiful, and every corner holds a surprise.  They even had a selection of juices at dinner like Mango, Pineapple and Horchata in cute glass milk bottles.  Save room for dessert, it really tastes as good as it looks here.  Macaroons, Creme Brulee, Gelato, and that barely scratches the surface!  Lastly the service was impeccable; even a little wash cloth for your hands at the end!  My husband was a little wary of the 99$ price tag for two at dinner, but later said worth every penny and one of the best meals he's ever had!  We went on a Wednesday around 4pm andthere was no wait.
Last Saturday, we waited about an hour and a half to get into Bacchanal. It's a bit pricy for a buffet but the food is pretty good. When we got in, it was already 2:30pm. There's food everywhere. There's a seafood station, a meat station, Asian food station, and pizza! There was also an area for just cheese!!! We caught the beginning of dinner and was able to eat a lot of their dinner items. There was sushi also but sushi was only ok. Here's a list of what I thought is good:. 1.  lamb chops. 2.  cocktail shrimp (these were jumbo sized shrimp!!). 3.  snow crab legs. 4. clam bake. 5. non-baked creme brulee . 6. mochi ice cream (sesame flavor was sooooo good!)
I'm a very picky eater and when I go to buffets, I really look into the detail in the food I eat. The Bacchanal is by far the best buffet in Vegas! It gives you so many choices to choose from. You'll be able to get a taste of delicacies from different countries too! The best part would absolutely be the dessert section. No matter how much you eat there, the dessert section is most certainly what you wanna save your tummy for!
this is a great place for buffet they have different variety of foods . its a must go if you are in Vegas, we took our kids with us and they loved it so much that its been 2 months and there still talking about it.
I LOVE the Bacchanal. I have been here three times total, twice for dinner (including opening day) and more recently for lunch.  First off I would say spend the extra money and go for dinner. It is well worth it. I was looking forward to the split king crab legs but alas they are not offered for lunch. Also, not offered for lunch is the made to order souffles in the dessert area or the hand rolls in the sushi area. Other than that relatively similar lunch and dinner items are served. . . The highlights to me are the meat carving station, the prime rib is exceptionally good for being at a buffet. The charcuterie area where there are house made salamis and other cured meats to tickle your fancy. The dim sum area - where they offer a decent variety of dim sum and Peking duck. The sea food area, where I indulge on oyster shooters, crab (at dinner), and more oysters. I also enjoyed the fresh squeezed juices, I do not think this was offered at dinner, the selection included Pineapple, Jicama, and Melon. And of course let's not forget the dessert section - where without my much awaited souffles I was forced to eat key lime tarts, Oreo mousse domes and sour cherry and balsamic gelato. . . So yes, I LOVE the Bacchanal. Despite my lunch let down. And this says a lot from me because in general I dislike buffets, in fact there are no other buffets I actually like in town (not including Indian lunch buffets). There are ones I will go to for the price and just have salad bar but for me to say that a buffet is great it takes a lot. I will be back and back again I am sure.
I won 50 bucks playing some silly slot machine featuring a meerkat jumping into holes, so it was like my meal at Bacchanal was free. But even if I had been in the red, I would have gladly ponied up the money to spend a couple hours at this, the greatest buffet of all the buffets.. . I'm not going to list everything I ate, but here are the highlights:. . Impossibly good pho. Who'd have thought a buffet would have such delicious pho? I almost didn't get it because I assumed it would be a mediocre waste of space, but it ended up being the high point of my meal.. . Meat. The brisket was my favorite. Perfectly seasoned and cooked, juicy and yummy.. . Desserts. Usually I don't go too crazy with desserts at buffets, but I couldn't help myself here. The made-to-order bananas foster crepe was probably the best dessert I ate, but I loved just about everything.. . Wait service was pretty on the ball with drinks. There were a couple of lulls here and there, but we were taking our sweet time in there, so I didn't mind it too much.. . I've been to a lot of buffets in Vegas, including other high-priced spots like Bellagio, Wynn and Aria, but Bacchanal is the only one I will return to over and over again in the future. It's that good, and totally worth the money.
My 100th review!!. . Bacchus: The Roman God of Feasts. Bacchanal: A Feast Worthy of Gods. . If I could give this place more than 5 stars, I really would. I love the open and modern decor of this buffet and how easy it is to get around. It's seriously one of the biggest buffets around. There's a huge variety of foods including seafood, meats, cheeses, salads, etc. I think some of my favorite dishes here are the dim sum (mostly the hargow), steak and eggs, broccoli casserole...you know, to be honest I really can't list all of them. There's just so much to choose from! There's even an Asian soup station! You can order unlimited amounts of pho, ramen, or udon!  Crazy, I know!. . I absolutely love the breakfast here. They have so much to choose from. This last time I visited they had some new dishes out compared to what they usually have. Not sure if it's permanent changes but I'm not complaining! . . Warning! This buffet is more expensive than others and on weekends it's almost a ridiculous price. But hey, you get what you pay for. Even so, you have to at least try it once! You won't be disappointed. I've tried other buffets and they don't compare. This has become a regular stop every time I'm in Vegas and I always leave fully satisfied. . . I have to say we truly ate like. kings. Definitely a feast worthy of gods.
Hands down, the best buffet I've ever been to.. . Usually, when I visit a buffet, I run across a pretty vast range of quality. Some items are good, others not as much, and some downright bad. This was far from that formula. The majority of the items I sampled at both breakfast and dinner (and trust me, I sampled quite a few) were from good to great.. . Several items surprised me with their quality. For example, the mini hot dog. I didn't expect to enjoy this, but they got the details astoundingly correct, down to the wax pepper and the bright green relish. . . As with many buffets, the food run the gambit from classic American fare like your mini burgers, fries and mac & cheese, to Mexican, to Chinese, and again, everything worked quite well. Very few weak spots at all, and if you don't like something, you'll find another half dozen to replace it on your plate.. . Is it pricey? Probably the most expensive buffet I found on the strip. But is it worth it? Absolutely. You could spend half as much very close by, as long as you don't mind crappy food. But I, for one, will always spend more to enjoy good, quality food. And that'd exactly what you get here.
This is my favorite buffet. Ever. And I've been to most. Bacchanal tops Sterling, Wynn and Wicked Spoon. . . The Sterling Buffet at Bally's has long been my favorite, never dreaming it could be topped... If for no other reason than the fact that it had broiled lobster and Veuve Cliquot champagne that never stopped. . . Well...Bacchanal killed it. Amazing king crab, sushi, BBQ and other awesome dishes were creative and delicious. I went to  Bacchanal twice on this trip. EVERYONE was blown away. I can't wait until my next visit.
Worth the $$$. dinner includes items like crab legs, oysters, and all kinds of seafood deliciousness. they also have all kinds of meat from tomahawk, ribeye, prime rib, sausages and the best lamb chops I've had thus far. I always look forward to dessert! They have all kinds Mochi and gelatos. They also have a build your own crepe! Overall this place is sex ! Lol
I have been to all the luxury hotel buffets in vegas and this is the hands down the most delicious and outstanding brunch buffet in vegas. yes, it is pricey but you get what you pay for. . the brunch menu is almost as same as dinner appetites. Will def. visit every time I go to vegas
**first time visitors at the bacchanal buffet**. . *During very busy times, in order to avoid fire hazardous long lines, they offer several kiosk to make reservations that print out a ticket that gives you a time to come back. The forum shops are conveniently nearby (and of course gambling) so theres a place to kill time walking around. I suggest that one person in your party to go there early before everyone else to make the reservations at the kiosk*. . The Bacchanal buffet is the Godfather of all the buffets in vegas. They have pho, sushi, lamb, truffle potatoes, cold or warm crab, mussels, mochi, french macaroons, AND SO MUCH MORE! . . Service at buffets usually suck, but at the bacchanal our dishes were cleared out when we were finished and our drinks were never empty. We didn't have to wait forever for a server to come by for refills. We had not only one person helping us, we had two! They were both kind and very helpful. . . Holiday pricing is more expensive than their regular price. . . Christmas time pricing. $49.99 lunch time 11-3. $59.99 dinner time 3-close.. . This is the place to go to stuff your face! Come here super hungry!
Date of visit 12/23/13 (Monday). . As good as a buffet gets.. . we got there at 10am (no line) .  by the time we left about 11:45am.  there was a decent line (but similar to other buffets).. . they're fried foods were off.  fried chicken was a little dry.  french fries were sitting out too long and too potatoey.. . sushi wasnt that good either but no worse than any other buffet.. . but everything else was better than other buffets.. . and I know you can't get your money's worth eating it, but the chinese food is legit.  way better than the wynn buffet.. . for holiday champagne brunch they upped the price (even though it was a monday) so don't think we'd ever pay another $44.99 (total rewards price) for what we ate.  not worth the brunch items (even though there was prime rib and crab legs). . i saw everyones comments about bone-in ribeye.  i think i'd want to come back just to eat dinner.
Yum yum yum!! Love this buffet. I personally loved it because of the amount of seafood they had. We were VIP customers so we had extra comps ;) but other than that really nice buffet, sanitary and delicious! Definitely recommend this place
A fat man's paradise, skinny people too I guess.  Was so so so so so good, I wish they had napping stations where you could come back later and eat more so you can actually make it through MOST of the 500 items, go just before breakfast ends so you can get some of the breakfast food and then lunch for the same price ;).  If you only eat one buffet in Vegas, make it this one.
I love this buffet! We've been there twice now on separate occasions and Istill love this place. . . The food tastes great, everything is presented so well and delicately, the only this is the wait before you get into the buffet. . . The food is sectioned into different types: Chinese, Japanese, Thai, American, Mexican, Italian, seafood, and etc. Most of the food there tastes delicious, but there is so much selection, it's hard to get a taste of everything.. . The food presentation gets an A+. The way they present the food only makes you want to try it because of the way they present it.. . They even started a fresh juice/water section with hibiscus water, mango juice, and horchata. NOM.. . Now.... everyone complains about the wait, but i think it's worth it. Get there a little early, or a little later than normal dinner hours. THat'll help. Unfortunately, there really isn't a way around the wait because it's a rather new buffet and they really do have good food.
Oh holy crap.  Honest to god, I have NEVER EVER EVER eaten more in my life in one meal.  It was actually the only meal I ate all day (if you don't count two biscuits and two coffees earlier).  I went at 3:30pm, and couldn't look at food until the next day.. . You'll start by going to one of the digital kiosks to get your ticket, and your place in line.  And no, the machine isn't lying when it says there's a 333 minute wait.  Yes, that's right, a FIVE FUCKING HOUR WAIT.  It's bullshit.  So, if you want to go for dinner, go 5-6 hours early and get your ticket.  Ridiculous.  I was hoping to not have to wait in line by going at 3/3:30 - HAH.  Whatever.  So, I paid the extra $21 to go right in.  It's a rip off - except it's not, because it's all you can eat and the food is incredible.  Dinner price - $59 (after tax), extra to actually eat on my own schedule $21 - total = $80.  Yes, a lot for one meal, but really not when you consider it's the only meal of the day and I stuffed my face with high quality deliciousness like a fat fatty fat pig.. . Seriously, they have every kind of food you could want.  If I'm remembering the physical layout lineup correctly: . . seafood (piles and piles of shrimp, king crab, mussels, oysters, crawfish, and more composed dishes like lobster in creamy leek sauce, sauteed salmon, clambakes, etc.);. . "american" food (various types of potatoes - tots, sweet potato, fries, scalloped with white truffle oil - mini burgers, tons and tons of hand carved meats);. . tons of different kinds of breads; a juice bar (with horchata!); stews and soups; . . mexican food (and a fajita station I think I saw); . . Italian with a few random things mixed in like mini pot-pies, but also they have really good polenta with truffles; . . HOT king crab legs (hand them an empty plate and them will FILL IT FULL - when she handed it to me I literally exclaimed out loud to no one in particular "holy crap!"). . pizza; a tiny little greek food section; charcuterie and tons of cheese;  salads of different types;. . ginormous asian section with various cuisines that I can't name, but including vietnamese, sushi, chinese dim sum, and more.. . oh - and the dessert buffet?  Don't even get me started on the dessert buffet.  SO.  MUCH.  AMAZINGNESS.  6 different flavors of Mochi?  Check.  4+ different flavors of Macarons?  Check.  12+ different plated desserts?  Check.  Cookies, brownies, crepe station, gelato, bread pudding, cobbler, cupcakes...I think I'm about to have a heart attack just remembering it all.. . So, long story short (too late), enjoy eating yourself into an early grave and not being able to look at food for 24 hours after.  If you're gonna be gluttonous, I can't image a better place.. . PS - I took videos!  . A tour of the dinner buffet - https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10101770526108350&l=3676401912602983275. A tour of the dessert buffet - https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10101768913699630&l=407913658076293995
I'm not going to lie, but this is my favorite buffet on the strip. Since I've been coming to Vegas, I had always gone to the Wynn Buffet. On my recent trip, my friends and I decided to try something new and Bacchanal was at the top of our list. Hoping to make it for the lunch price, we arrived at Bacchanal around 2:30 and was met with a long line. We stood in line and noticed that the line would move every 15 minutes. After realizing that we would never make it for the lunch price, we looked up yelp for tips and noticed a review stating that you can purchase an express pass for an additional $20 bucks. . . So, we bypass the 3 hr wait and stood in the express line. It took an additional 30 minutes but we were inside grubbing by 3:30pm! They have all kinds of food at this buffet. The wait for the seafood/crab legs is long and I did notice people cutting in line. But if you enjoy boil crab legs, there is a section near the deli meats/cheese (in the back). There is hardly a line and you can freshly boil legs instead of cold ones (my favorite)!
Sitting in the buffet now, stuffed and can't get to the end of it or dessert. Way better than,I expected. Everything was amazing.  The foods I normally don't like tasted good and we're well mass. It's pricy but worth it.
Thanks yelper lead me to this place! $50 is kinda pricey but it worth every single pennies! This is one of the best buffet in Vegas! I loveeeee their oyster! Super fresh and tasty!
This is the best brunch buffet I ever had so far. It was pricey ($56 or so per person), but it was totally worth it. Where do i begin. I was impressed with the selection and the freshness of juices & drinks. All desserts were amazing, especially flan cake. . I arrived earlier than usually meal time so I wouldn't have to wait in line (came 10 am for brunch).
