The best shrimp tempura I have ever eaten. Also, the crepes were off the chart good.
looovethe bufffet!
Hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas - and at a good price too. For $34.99 you can experience the Spice Market Buffet four 24 hours as part of the Buffet of Buffets promotion through Harrah's Casinos.. . The new promotion isn't the only deal out there as Planet Hollywood and Ebay have a ton of $5 off coupons.. . I've eaten here about four times and my favorite parts are the seafood station with sushi, the mexican station, the italian station with pizza and the mexican station.. . Food aside, the service is good, the place is clean and the atmosphere was good. It was even better the last time I went for lunch - all of the miss America contestants were there.. . Hellooooo South Dakota.
The mid-eastern spread was wonderful- lamb, tabouleh, hummus, pita, dried fruit. The seafood was also delicious- fresh king crab legs, shrimp. The mushroom ragout I just have to mention because it was great. Dessert also quite fine- cotton candy and frozen yogurt with toppings. Of course other good food I just didn't mention.
I visit Vegas often, and every time I go I *insist* on making a trip to the Spice Market Buffet. Simply put, this is the best buffet in Las Vegas for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.. . The selection here is fantastic and just about everything I've ever had here is good. Breakfast is one of my favorite times here - the selection is great, they make some killer smoothies, and I can have every different kind of juice imaginable if I want to - and sometimes I do! The coffee here is divine - possibly the best drip coffee in all Vegas.. . Lunch and dinner are a little pricey, but you can find some coupons on the internet that knock the price down $5 (just search "spice market buffet coupons"), which makes it a little more reasonable. Also, if you get in right at the end of breakfast (which is cheaper and runs until 10:30 am), you can hang around until they bring the lunch goods out. I'm going back to Vegas in 10 days (not that I'm counting) and you can bet I'll be moseying up to this buffet right around 10 am on my first day in town.
Great place good food many styles of food to choose from, it is from all over the world. You can buy just one meal or buy a 24 hour pass and eat at other buffets in the area. Great food and great place. Lines are always long so get there early.
It's been about five years since I was in Vegas and this place is still great. My hubby and I went for dinner and I highly recommend getting the buffet pass for $45 (save $5 off $50 when you sign up for Total Rewards in the casino). We also added unlimited booze for an extra $12 pp. You can't beat this. It's all you can drink champagne, local beers plus Coronas and Heinekins, and wine. This is definitely one of my favorite buffets and has the best variety. There's Italian, Chinese, Mediterranean, Mexican, seafood, etc. My favorites were the Italian meatballs and spaghetti, crab legs, and the chocolate dipped strawberries. They have everything: pizza, prime rib, ham, ribs, veggies, rice, Mediterranean chicken, hummus... really too much to name and sure to please even the pickiest eater. My hubby really liked the spicy chicken tacos and the banana cream pie. The best part? They have big screen TV's everywhere and were playing the Canucks in the western conference finals. If you're a hockey fan, you'll understand the importance of this. We were there around 6:30 pm and waited for maybe 5 minutes. One tip - go during non-peak hours, before seven or after 9 to avoid the lines. Even better, start your buffet pass with a later dinner and finish off the next day with an early dinner and get 4 meals including 2 dinners!
In a rush right now but I'll make it quick.  I eat here every year I'm in Vegas.  You definitely not only get quantity but great quality for your $$.  Compared with Caesars buffet, which is more expensive and really pretty crappy I strongly recommend the Spice Market Buffet.  They even sometimes give you a birthday discount.
I am usually not the biggest fan of buffets when I am in the area of Las Vegas. This one though was actually my most enjoyable one this time around. . I went here in 2009 and paid the $27.99 for dinner and I guess was just not thrilled in general with the experience. I thought yeah a bit overpriced. This time I got a free $20 voucher to use at any harrah's property from one of those games.  I got here right before the lunch ended at 4Pm and got to use my redemption.  . Food was alright this time, hahaha. Got to make my way around all the different food areas: mexican, Asian, italian, Seafood.  The crab legs were definitely on point. Better in fact here than at some other buffet location as well.  . I recommend come here prefer lunch to me, but it was still a good deal.  Line wait was actually not that bad but I have seen it completely packed. I guess because it was still the transition from lunch to dinner, was just lucky to still get put under the lunch category and not pay anything extra with my voucher.. -I will definitely go back next trip to the area. I look forward to those crab legs again and chinese food section. I went here the last day of my trip so I was a bit sad because I knew this was the last food I would consume in las vegas. It was time to end all the fun.
who is that person who gives a less than 5 star for this place. is it price that made them do that? If yes, they should not have come here in first place.. . Great choice of food for everyone in the world. I usually try different food but my friends do not. Everyone liked the food here. If I go to vegas I will make sure I never miss this place.
This place is to die for! . . My boyfriend and I were here for valentines day and we decided to check out this buffet because we heard great things about it. The line was really long so it took us about an hour to be seated. The price seemed expensive at first but it was worth it!. . I had about 3 or 4 plates of food! Everything was so delicious, unlike any other buffet i've been to. I had everything from sushi to shrimp tempura to chicken curry! The desserts were yummy as well. The staff was attentive and brought us our drinks literally a minute after we asked for them.. . Overall, this was the best buffet i've been to and I would recommend it. I know that I'm definitely going back!
Price is now $25 for the brunch and champagne automatically included.  It was even better this time than when I was last there.  I actually enjoyed more than the Bellagio's.  Crab stuffed sole, buffalo shrimp, pork brisket, tandoori chicken all excellent.  Dessert chef went to back room to get a fresh batch of pie for me they were out of on display and was nice about it.  Low line at 1:30 on a Saturday surprised me.  Everything was great, even down to the pineapple.  Champagne quality seemed a bit higher than I recall, too.  You actually don't need to mix with OJ now to stomach it.
A must go to buffet if you enjoy seafood. One word of advice, there are two separate places for crab legs, one tray is warm and the other tray is cold. The crab legs are already cut open, what more could you ask for!? Also, they serve complimentary coffee or hot tea after your meal. If you don't ask your server for it, the won't offer it.
The food at this place was great  lots of different things to choose from and everything was fresh and up to par. The citrus marinated chicken was well seasoned, the black pepper peel-and eat shrimp was exquisite. But my fav and my hubby's as well was the ceviche , talk about freshness. We actually went there twice that day since we had the 24-hr pass buffet.The champagne kept on coming at brunch and of course free of charge, the waitress did not even give us time to ask her for anything she was always around. The service was impeccable. A lot of food to choose from. Can't wait to visit again.
The best buffet on the strip, hands down. It's $22-ish for lunch but worth every penny. I'm not sure if they do it all the time, but they offered us an unlimited booze for $12 deal on top of lunch (beer, white wine, champagne and bloody marys included only). Probably the best booze deal on the strip if you stay there for a few hours like we did! Most of the food is delicious. Nobody leaves hungry. Arrive minutes before 11am to pay breakfast price but eat lunch!
Being the foodie that I am, I can safely say that I've tried all the significant buffets in Las Vegas- some more than once. They all fail in comparison to The Spice Market Buffet. Of all the big casinos offering a buffet, this one has the most variety and the best quality. Every station had food that was both authentic and delicious with my favorite being the Middle Easter section. Their chicken Tandoori was perfect.
Incredibly delicious!  I went to a time share presentation where we were lied to for two hours with their so called low pressure sales (all lies), but we were rewarded with two buffet dinners here at the The Spice Market. This was worth all the pain and suffering we went through.. . The highlights:. . The prime rib.  Best I have had at a buffet. Ever.. Sweet potatoes. Yum!. Crab legs. Presliced! Couldn't find any butter for it, but still great.. Flan.. Mushroom ragout.. Shrimp tempura. Veggies with the big carrots. Dessert bar, complete with cotton candy and ice cream self serve.. . . Okay but can skip next time:. . Brisket. No taste.. Creme brulee. Crepes. yuck.  Premade, the chef just heats it up for you. . Manapua. . Staff frequents the tables every few minutes clearing old plates.  As far as refreshments, you have to stop them, they won't ask you.  . . . Warning: the steel spoon for the steamed rice is super hot!  I'm from Hawaii and I need my rice, please put some towels or use a spoon with a plastic handle. . . The going price at the check in was about $28 per person.  I would try to see if there are any coupons out there next time around, but the food would be worth it.
I signed up to Yelp just to write a review about this place. It is absolutely AMAZING! We went to a lot of buffets at our week long trip to Vegas and all my friends agree that this was the best buffet we visited. Dinner was $30 and we paid an extra $12 for all you can drink alcohol (Beer, Wine, Champaign).. . The food was spectacular. If they have it, try the lamb skewer. I'm not a fan of lamb but it was next to the beef so we decided to grab it. Best lamb ever - hands down! They have a wide variety of food and if you love seafood then you'll love this place. The king crab legs were the best I've seen.. . We ended up eating at the Bellagio buffet on our last day since we wanted to not repeat restaurants during our trip. We all regret skipping the Spice Market for the Bellagio. It has no comparison what so ever.
I think this place is incredible! The line goes fast, nice open atmosphere, everything is spread out. Selections are from seafood to mid- eastern cuisine. Reasonable priced 2 lunch passes were 50.00. Only bad thing is that drink service was slow but it's worth it having such a great selection of options.
I don't usually write reviews for out of Phoenix area Buffets, but Yelp friends have been encouraging me to start reviewing the Las Vegas ones since many (most?) of us go up there, & also we have a big Yelp event coming up there in May, so here goes:. . Ok, you can rent a Rolls & whip into the Wynn to enjoy their ultra-foofy Buffet, which someone recommended here on this page.  Once you find it inside this huge place it's great, but it's also $23.99 for lunch on the weekdays.  You'll love it to death if you can afford it, but what if you are a pauper, a cheapskate, or you lost your ass at Bally's?  Well take heart homez, there are alternatives!  Just catch a free shuttle from there or from Harrah's over to the Rio & walk across the street to Gold Coast Casino & pig out for $7.99!  You'll find friendly service, 105 food items to enjoy, plus sauces & dressings, & you might just give THAT ONE 5 Stars!     :-)). . Want something half way in between without leaving the Strip?  Ok, here's Planet Hollywood's "Spice Market Buffet", right here!. . First though, by now by now you've probably had friends make circles with the palms of their hands, wooing, "Ooh, Rio!  Ooh, Rio!"  You know what?  "F" Rio & the horse it rode in on!. . Ok, I take that back, but Spice Market Buffet here gives you the same setup with a nicer restaurant to enjoy it in.  This place offers over 200 (!!!) main food choices, it's really good, & priced moderately for what it is.. . This Buffet has serving stations situated around in a "C" shape, including Seafood, Salad, Italian, Soup, Asian, Middle-Eastern, Mexican, & Dessert.  It's all about budgeting the room in your stomach for which 5-Star delights you want to enjoy on this visit!. . Ok, the money.  You knock the weekday Lunch Buffet price down from $21.99 to $18.99 with your free Total Rewards card.  Next you look for look for the lady near the top of the escalator handing out 25% off coupons, or go ask for one at the cashier's counter for the restaurant.  Final price $14.24 including all the soft drinks you want from a long list.. . YOU'RE GOING TO LOVE THIS PLACE!     :-))
Food was delicious and I love their desserts. I would recommend this buffet to anyone.  Love the fact that I can walk out of here with an ice cream cone with vanilla and chocolate swirl in one hand and strawberry cotton candy in the other!! Plus I got a coupon for 2 for 1 so it was only 20 bucks...
One of the best buffets I have had.  They have meals from many different parts of the world.  My favorite was the chicken kabobs from the Middles Eastern station that were cooked fresh.  The Mexican bar let you make your own combos, they had the salad bar for the health conscience (why are you at a buffet), also Italian, Asian, and American food.  The dessert section had cakes, cookies, pastries, fruits, ice cream, etc...  The price is cheap and the service was ok.  They did have a deal for I believe for about $15 bucks that let you drink all the beer you wanted, but with all that eating, their wasn't much space for beer at that time.
I was told Las Vegas has the best buffets in the world. Growing up believing that buffets are the one thing to stay away from when choosing a restaurant, this was a big deal!!. . OMG, they had the widest variety including; Seafood, Italian, Mexican, Asian, Greek, that I would have ever imagined and it was all OUTSTANDING!!!. . The dessert bar/station is bar none! Creme brulee, cannoli's, eclairs, brownies, cookies, cotton candy, pies galore, and this is all that I tasted (there was much more). I felt as if I was at a Venetian hour at an upscale wedding reception with a plethera of food.. . If you are in Planet Hollywood and you enjoy quality food, you owe it to yourself to ask to tour the food options so you can see what I am talking about!!! Forget your anti buffet upbringing (if that applies).
Best buffet award on The Strip goes to The Spice Market Buffet!. . Bottomless mimosas and succulent prime rib for brunch! Am I dreaming?. . Babe and I came to Planet Hollywood to try Spice Market. Unlike Wicked Spoon, SM skipped the presentation and went straight for quality. Both of us filled our plates until our stomachs shouted, "no more!" Too bad stomach, because I just realized there is prime rib! I got a slice of prime rib on my plate and shared with my boyfriend. YUM YUM YUM. I was extremely surprised at the succulent piece of prime rib staring at me. The quality was that of (if you're from SF) House of Prime Rib. Unfortunately for me I came upon the prime rib when my stomach was full.. . Will definitely be back for more.
"I ate sooo much, now I gotta go to sleep"!
I work for the Planet Hollywood and I want to let everyone know that the hours of operation for the Spice Market Buffet is incorrect.  . . Here are the correct hours:. Breakfast (Mon-Fri):  7a-11a, (Sat):  7a-10a. Lunch (Mon-Fri):  11a-4p. Dinner (all days):  4p-11p (Normal closing time is 10p but they have extended to 11p until further notice). On the weekends, we have a Champagne Brunch between 10a-4pm.. . Helpful tips: . **Show your Total Rewards card for a $3 discount from regular prices.  :). **Buffet of Buffet pass:  Allows you to eat at any participating buffet at any Caesars Entertainment property (as many times as you'd like in a 24 hour period) for a flat rate. (time starts from the time you purchase the pass).. **If you try to call the buffet to speak to a live person-don't bother because all you'll get is a recorded message.  The operators cannot see how long the line is nor can we go out and check.  hahaha!  :)
My fatass decided that the 24 hour buffet bracelet for 55 large was the sweetest deal a fatkid such as myself could partake in whilst in the beautiful city that is Las Vegas.  . . DID NOT DISAPPOINT!. . I was hungover as all hell from going to The Double Down bar the previousnight.  I did not want to eat, but knew that I needed to.  A couple of skinny friends mentioned this place but I'd always brushed them off.  Who trusts skinny people when it comes to good buffets?  But it was the closest buffet to our hotel, so we went and holy moley was it the best decision a couple of hungover kids could have made.. . I started out small with a salad since that's usually what my hangovers require of me.  Best salad I've ever had.  I can't be sure it was because it cured my hangover or the salad was, in fact, the best salad I've ever had.  But enough of the lettuce, EVERYTHING was good.  Even the indian food, which is fairly odd for a buffet.  But the meat and dessert did me in.  Pretty sure I lost 3 pounds being sick and gained another 6 from parking my piggie arse here for a good 2 hours.
This had probably the best prime rib I have ever had, very tender and full flavored. The candied fruit pork was cooked to perfection as was the crab stuffed sole. They have a wide variety of foods, and even had more luxurious feeling options than the standard crab legs and shrimp cocktail (delicious of course) like a cheese and salted meat selection with olives and roasted vegetables Mediterranean style. A few items were not up to par like the lamb kabobs which were tough and the spareribs that were dry and inedible, but the quality of the other meats far outweighed these flaws in my opinion. I only had one dessert, but it was absolutely perfect and full flavored made from quality ingredients. Typical buffets tend to have pretty desserts that fall flat but this one was delicious. The majority of the food I ate was meat/seafood, so I can't say much about the "American" food standards but they looked good. Also they have cotton candy that you can get made fresh and walk out with. We received excellent service from our waitress and even the coffee was decent, not watered down but pretty full bodied for a buffet. The best I've probably been to ever.
Everything I tried here was well made. Highlights include the crab-stuffed sole, shrimp cocktail, lamb kabobs, and Mexican pork.. . Special mention must be made for their dessert selection. The mini creme brulee and lemon meringue pie were outstanding.. . The restaurant itself is comfortable and professionally run. Service was friendly, and the layout was easy to understand with a glance.. . I heartily recommend Spice Market Buffet.
One of my top three Buffets of all time!!!!!!!  Worth a trip to Vegas . . I love Middle Eastern food so this is an extra win for me.    They have a little of everything, Salad, Mexican, Asian, ( I remember different California Rolls as well), and American.  Get there early the line can get long.. . . Bellagio Grand Buffet and Rio Seafood Buffet are my other two favorites.
My husband and I bought the 24 hour pass the allowed you to eat at any M Life property buffet within that 24 hour period.  We went to this particular buffet for breakfast and dinner.  For breakfast the place wasn't crowded so there was no wait.  There were more breakfast food options here than I've ever seen!  It really was an amazing spread and mostly everything tasted good.  . . There is also a lot of space for walking around and the tables aren't squished together like a lot of other buffets.  Not only was there a huge selection of good food, but the restaurant looks brand new and is nicely decorated.  There's a very pleasant atmosphere, everything was wonderfully clean, and the service was good.. . We arrived for dinner at 8:30pm and there was a huge line to the point that they were about to turn people away for being near capacity.  We didn't feel like waiting so we paid an extra $20 a person to jump ahead of the entire line and use the VIP entrance.  I recommend doing this to avoid the long line.  We saved ourselves at least 30 minutes of waiting in line.  The dinner buffet had a ton of options.  Lots of seafood (try not to get a table near the seafood section because the smell was overwhelming and I felt bad for the people sitting there), Latin, Italian, and Mediterranean food, sushi, and so much more.  The dessert bar had cotton candy and the creme brulee was excellent.  I've been to almost every buffet on the strip and this is one of the best!
Yum, Yum, Yum!. . My boyfriend and I went here during our Summer Vacation and purchased the 24 hour buffet pass. We went here and then to the Paris buffet for breakfast.. . The pro's:. - food from every ethnicity. - crab leg's pre-cracked - makes eating tons of them easy!. - all food is delicious. - attentive staff. . The con's:. - can have a long line. - expensive if you haven't purchased the 24-hour pass. - easy to over eat.... IF you consider that a con. =P. . Will definitely make this a Vegas tradition.
i like the crab we been around others like bellagio,aria ,rio, etc. but here i like most. coz the crab is sweet not like bellagio(way salty, i thow them all) not too many in line like rio( also good)
THE BEST BUFFET!!! The crab legs are already opened for you and they taste great!! They have 3 different types of sushi. They have spicy tuna (the best roll there), California roll (I think), and crab (eh, not my favorite). The sushi was pretty good I must say. . . Seafood LIke Meter: 98% . . They have lamb there, it tasted delicious!! They also have squash. By the way, they have a variety of "fancy" meats and squash on swords. You should definitely check that section out!. . Food on A Sword Score: 10000000%. . Omg, the deserts are like your swimming in a pool of hot fudge chocolate with cotton candy trees and chocolate bunnies surrounding you!! They have like 100 different cupcakes. I recommend getting the s'mores, THAT is the best cupcake I've eaten in my life!! They also have ice cream. Chocolate and Vanilla. And they have cotton candy! Yummy!. . Desert Score: 100000000%. . Overall, The Spice Market Buffet is the perfect buffet for anyone who has a big appetite. You are going to have to check this out yourself to see if you like it! I am FOR SURE coming back here!. . Oh I almost forgot $20 bucks a person... It's worth it! :)
There are many reasons one may come to Las Vegas, and for me, one of the biggest highlights are the buffets, and from all my experiences in buffets, I can tell you that  THIS is how you buffet!. . I don't know if I have (yet) been to a better buffet than the Spice Market Buffet, and now I worry that this will ruin all future buffets.  This is the kind of place that makes you sad that the stomach can only hold so much food....I wanted to eat everything!  Just as in any buffet in Las Vegas, you must traipse through a casino full of exploited  scantily clad women, and breathe copious amounts of second hand smoke - but the reward of the buffet is SO worth it! . . The food was amazing, and the real standout to me was the middle eastern section.  I have never been to a buffet that has even HAD a middle eastern section - let alone one that is so delicious!  Another one of their specialties is cupcakes. Now, when you arrive - head directly for the middle eastern section for delicious, and freshly grilled skewer meat and vegetables.  Are you a crab legs fan?  All you can eat snow crab are ready for you to get your hands into!  Other highlights are the steamed BBQ pork bun (think dim-sum), curry chicken, handmade meatballs, pork street tacos (I added guacamole of course!), California Rolls, and the tomatoes stuffed with ground lamb!  Even the salads and fruits all tasted fresh.. . Service was good, though the lady at the register kept pushing the "club card" for the hotel.  No thank you.. . I wish there was more I could tell you, but to sum it up:  This was as good as it gets.  This is exactly what I think of, when I hear the term "Vegas Buffet".  You can bring anyone here, and they would be happy with at least SOMETHING here!. . SUGGESTIONS:  Stop reading this review and GO EAT AT SPICE MARKET BUFFET!
We have been fortunate enough to receive VIP treatment here due to our Total Rewards status... So they treat you especially well .. No wait line, special seating, crab leg platters, warm towels etc... We really appreciate this here! But regardless... The food is great! Wide variety of international choices, all stations well serviced. Good desserts. Great service. We'll be back!
Part of our 24 hours buffet bonanza ($49.99 for Total Rewards Members), loved the lunch selection.  There were options from all over the world and the desert spread was awesome.
OH HELLS YES! The food here is AMAZING!!! . . Try the seafood station and the lobster pasta! . . We didn't stay at PH, so it was $33 per person, but I never complain when it comes to delicious food.
I don't know what all the nasty reviews are about. I'm giving it 5 stars for food but 3 stars for service. The food was so good I'm willing to deal with the lousy service. I've never been to the buffet at The Rio, which some here said is better, but when I was at this buffet, I was in heaven. As I walked from station to station I just drooled. Then I ate each dish and was blown away. Virtually everything was delicious. . . They offered Asian, American, seafood, Italian, salad bar, and a dessert bar. I'm certainly forgetting 1 or 2 of them. Never seen that many islands for one buffet of any kind... anywhere.. . The price is far from a deal ($23-$25); however, it really doesn't cost any more than a good meal would anyway. For about $50, you can get 24 hour access to the buffet down to the minute. So stop by at 2 pm for a late lunch and get 4 meals in without feeling the need to stuff your face each time.. . The salad bar was not quite as good as it could have been given how much they have of everything else, but certainly not awful as someone else indicated.. . As far as the service is concerned, you'll see a waitress once to bring your beverages and they'll bus your plates away, but that's about it.. . Overall it was one of the most amazing culinary experiences ever. Go here!
This buffet, out of all the ones in Vegas, has the MOST variety and selection in terms of different ethnic cuisines. You get the most bang for your buck here if you value variety. From Middle Eastern to Mexican to Asian to American (yes American like roasted ham for instance) to seafood to vegetarian to superb fresh cooked deserts (well the crepes), it is incredible and delicious! ALL of the hot food is freshly prepared in front of your eyes. This isn't canned or frozen food thawed out and warmed up. You will definitely taste the difference. You can see some of the food I recorded on video on my YouTube channel under the username FunTravelGuyHD. I show mostly deserts with a bunch of meats (I never eat veggies at buffets - they fill me up and aren't worth my dollar - meats are! hehe).. . I am frugal so I look for value when I shop. I am not cheap. I will spend money but the dollar spent must match the value received and Spice Market provides the best value on the strip for buffets.
My husband , myself and daughter eat out quite a bit. My husband being a chef and buffet lover.. . Me I am a vegetarian and quite skeptical and picky  of buffets and have been disappointed by quite a few on the strip.. . That was until Iate at Planet Hollywood.. . Not only was the Moroccan vegetables awesome ( with fresh pita bread ) but the gourmet Mac an cheese amazing.. The apricot spread and cheese spread was amazing as well as the fresh fruit.( not dry at all ). . The cupcake section was awesome , as the cheesecake bites where the most delicious , moist , melt in your mouth I have EVER had. . . I got hooked on the cotton candy.. . All the food looked fresh..  ( even the egg rolls melted in my mouth .. NOT DRY AT ALL). . ( my husband and daughter said they where impressed as well). . Our server was polite and checked on us quite a few times. . And I saw staff both sweeping the floors , and busers busy bussing  tables. Something both unusual.. ( people working hard ).. . The noise level was perfect , not loud not quiet.. . The price was $25 a person. But you GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.. . My one suggestion , go during the week about 1ish. There was NO LINE.. . Out of 10 star's , 10 being the best and 0 being the worst I would give it a 10.
Best buffet in Vegas, hands down. Great seafood selection and amazing desserts!! I will definitely be back.
YUM. best buffet that was free on the B.o.Bs.  Very good crab legs, steamed and cut in half for ease.  Prime rib was cooked to medium rare (but maybe its not prime, kinda tough and a little bland.  Just use the au-jus).. . Lots of selection around.  Mediterranean ranks next to seafood and american.  Chinese is whatever, so is mexican and salad.
The BEST buffet I have ever been to!!!! The choice of food is great anytime you come- breakfast, lunch or dinner, the food was just amazing! Its a must-to-go place if you in Vegas!!! strongly recommend!
We dined here Monday September 9 for dinner & all you can drink using a groupon. . As far as strip buffets go this one is a keeper! The staff is friendly & service is attentive. We opted for champagne & glasses were kept full. The space is large but cozy with no overpowering lighting & the food selections are amazing. I wish we could have sampled more but it is wise not to overindulge at a buffet though this one is surely tempting. The selection of pre split crab clusters both hot & cold is a highlight. I prefer the cold as the heated can be a little dry. However if you like it hot the Asian section has some spicy hot crab (not pre-split) that is out of this world. Another highlight is the shrimp tempura which is done just right & delicious. Desserts excellent as well if you have room but maybe addition of some premium ice cream or gellato would be a plus. Generally do not like background music but the version here is less annoying than usual. Highly recommended
Eating at this diverse brunch buffet on Sunday around 12:30pm could not have been a better experience!  We waited in line less than 5 minutes, was immediately seated after payment was received, and a server was there to take drink orders right away.  The variety of food was excellent and they had some of the best steak cuts, pork, and lamb that I have ever had.  Not a single part of the buffet was low on any given item.  The server was very friendly and very quick to remove empty plates and refill drinks.
Here on a Sunday bunch! Not only are the food choices fantastic, but the service is as well! Yelena, our server, was beyond accommodating and awesome! As as frequent Vegas attendee, I would highly recommend this place! :) Two thumbs up!
Absolutely awesome!  There was something for all 5 or the picky eaters in my family :-)
FUCK YES!!! SO GOOD... My GF & I had everything possible.. even the secret cotton candy which I loved bc it was Grape flavored.. and yes im part blk ^__^
I was surprised by the presentation and tastiness of the food here..my 2 favorite buffets are wynn and ceasers.. I decided to try the spice market buffet because i was staying at the hotel... . A few good pointers.. Lots of food options.. Presentations was on point.. The buffet was a little off tho.. There was more food options on one side then the other.. Food did taste great... Quality was definitely there . .  A few minor set backs... The staff was not friendly.. Maybe it was our luck but it seemed that no one was happy to be there.. . . Dirty plates were not cleaned of our table.. Our waitress did not come. Around to take. Our unwanted food plates .. Horrrribleeee service with refills On our drinks.. . . On a scale of 1-10 1 being worse 10 being the best... . Cleanliness- 9. Customer service of host and cashier- 5 . Waitress cust. Service - 2 . Food quality -9. Taste- 10
great buffet! A lot of crab legs, already cut in half, so easier to eat. Crepes, great! Nice price!
