WHY oh WHY? cant I have a Peppermill in San Diego?! . . the 10 egg omelette was so huge I felt bad for all the starving people in the world! . The portions are crazy big..even the coffee is served in a huge mug! THUMBS UP for french vanilla creamer!.  I think the first customer was the jolly green giant and they just never changed the portion sizes! . The waiter was super cool and nice. I forgot his name.."sorry cool dude", but he was telling us jokes and gave us advice on ordering one meal for two. That was very nice of him because he was soooooo right! . My husband decided to make up his own alcoholic beverage that didnt have a name so the bartender was nice enough to come to our table and treat him like VIP mixing his drink the way he wanted..so either she came because she was super nice like the waiter or she wanted to get a look at the weirdo (aka my husband) that didnt know the name of the drink he was thinking of! haha . Anyway. We had a full family mixed with adults and kids and everybody was very nice to us. Got our food fast (I think about 9 of us total and our food was ready in about 20-25mins) We all were pleased and fat at the end of the visit. . . It was clean. great atmosphere. tasty food. good drinks.GREAT prices. We LOVED the fake trees inside and the confetti crystal sugar shaker that I....I mean somebody thought about stealing.. . I think this is the only place we will eat next time!. . Enjoyed my visit on 12/24/2010
Ham steak is the best I've ever eaten!  Won't even bother ordering anything else.
I stop by this restaurant every time I am in Las Vegas, it would ruin my trip not to take a meal @ the Peppermill. The portions are huge and the service is great. The atmosphere is great as well, down to earth, very old-school kitschy Vegas type atmosphere, which I thought was fun.  It's the perfect place to hang out with friends after you're done doing whatever it is you do in Vegas, shopping, clubbing, walking the strip and touring casinos, whatever, this is a place to go to wind down. I personally have not been at night, although I would love to do so, this review is based on my experience going in for breakfast. (based on trip taken August 2008). . Pros: atmoshere, service, food portions and price. Cons: waitress uniforms
I can tell people back home I went to a gay bar with a breakfast twist. Holy mirror wall, Batman! lol. . This place is so great! For a tourist hotspot, they get you to a table asap and with a smile The food portions are ginormous. When I order a mimosa, I wasn't expecting the huge glass I received. I was greatly satisfied and full right away. . . The Fireside Lounge is just awesome. Above the firepit when we were waiting had Cher playing.. . Come on, who's naive in Vegas?
The Peppermill rocked!! I went there in December for my birthday after watching a new Frank Sinatra show at the Encore. It was only a few blocks walk through the back streets of Vegas. (By that I mean off the strip, for all us tourist folk)  I have been wanting to go there for a while now, and it did not disappoint.. The decor was dark with neon light accents everywhere. Mostly of the blue and pink variety. The bartenders were up there in age, so they knew how to entertain and keep conversation going. I forget the bartenders name that was serving my girlfriend and I, but he was a good time. . My girl and I ended up finding an open spot at the indoor fire pit so we lounged there for a while. It was interesting... Great for people watching and you get one eclectic crowd walking in and out of there. All sort of race, creed, gender and class. It is now a must go to every time I head to Vegas.. If you are the clubbing/ bar hopping type, its the perfect place to sit with the guys and plan your strategy over some good food and a few drinks. On the other hand, its a great place to just sit after a long night/ morning and well, lounge.
Usually a 24 hour restaurant, I usually think of Denny's. Mainly a little less then average place, just to have something to eat and not much to really look at, except the other booth of people around you. But Peppermill, proved me wrong about 24 hour restaurants, and looks more then an average place. Now this was an ideal 24 hour restaurants, that I wish it could take over Denny's. Then I would be coming there all the time. . . Located next to Riveria, its a very colorful restaurant on the strip. Of course I had my doubts about going here, but glad my wife twisted my arm and go. Outside, it may look a bit unsure on cause its close to downtown. But despite the fancy looks that you can see on the outside, inside, is a whole different story. The seating is not like no other picnic table booth, its basically a curved booth with nice, colorful seating. You don't have to worry about being smooshed against the wall anymore. Each booth is like curved like the letter "C", all over the restaurant. It has very nice lighting, and very wonderful arrangements, like your in the rainforest. Not like Rainforest Cafe, but a bit less elaborate then Rainforest Cafe. . . The staff was wonderful, we were seated right away, we were served drinks, once we were seated. Our waitress was very nice as well. They all wore colorful uniforms and made the place interesting. She always made sure that we were okay. . . Looking over the menu, the pricing was a bit more then I expected. But once I got my food, I can see why. The food was in big portions. I ordered the New York Steak, and ordered it well done. I was amazed that it came out well done. I mean, no pink what so ever on that meat. Usually when I order steak, it doesn't seem well done, but this time around, it was. Made me think about next time I come here, I should order medium. I don't mind pink, but I thought like any other place I had a well done steak, it had little pink. But I really did enjoy my New York steak. It did come with a salad, and it came big. Also came with Onion rings that were big. Mainly everything was big, even my wife's coffee cup was big. As much as I wanted to try to finish it, I couldn't. I came so close though. Finish the salad, the steak, but threw in the towel with 3 onion rings left. . . If your looking for a place to eat in the middle of the night. Peppermill will surely not disappoint. The pricing may be more then usual, but its well worth the price, especially when everything comes at you in big portions. Very well recommended 24 hour restaurant.
If you want to relive the '70's, THIS IS THE PLACE!!
I love this place!! I've never had a bad or small meal here! The service is always friendly! Do not make a trip to Vegas without eating at the Peppermill and don't come to the Peppermill without having a drink at the fireside lounge!!
I don't know how anyone can go to Vegas and not stop by the Peppermill for at least a cocktail in the lounge. This place looks like a cross between a 70's Blacksploitation film and the Madonna Inn. We got there at peak breakfast time (11:30) so you literally could not get in the joint. We had to wait for about 20 minutes. We almost knocked over some old people tryin' to grab a seat at the counter. The food is not cheap but the portions are ample and it's good, basic food. . The lounge is the place to be, however. There ain't nothin' like sippin' a cocktail in the fire pit! Hopefully fickle Vegas will never tear this place down!!
This is place is a local  treasure!  This is a place that is done a true Vegas style!  . . The lounge is swanky-tacky...  The sunken fireplace water thing practically hypnotized me as I gazed at it! . . The restaurant part is slightly better than normal diner food.  The portions were large.. . Yes - 5 stars!  This is a one of kind original!
I love this little dive place! I wish they had more than one firepit but - the overall vibe is low-key and chill. This is a must, gets you away from the Strip - good drinks!
Everything "old school" Vegas is here. the atmosphere. the food, the lights inside... even what the waitresses wear. their colored sugar is cool. Huge portions of food and 24 hour cocktails. cant ask for anything more awesome. Definitely a place id go to again, any time of the day or night. !
First and Foremost : Unexpectedly large portions. Especially for the price. . . Also, from what I have seen, the bloody marys are huge too. Love the mirrors and cherry tree decor. The staff is humorous and the atmosphere is generally good.. . Looks like a great place for a "recovery" breakfast
Great food, best coffee! Does anyone know what kind they use?. Food portion's are HUGE and price is fair for Vegas, split a meal if you can! You have to go!
live right around the corner. perfect for late night breakfast after drinking.
Love the Peppermill! . . I love the old school vibe of the Fireside lounge, it is not a pounding music blaring nightclub, its a place to hang out enjoy a drink in a comfy booth and still have a conversation or cuddle!. . Hubby and I enjoyed a cocktail and appetizer platter was way more food then we could eat as a midnight snack!. . Loved the Watatini (watermelon martini) very yummy! can't wait to go back and try all the rest!. . Yes for the 20 something set it may seem old or not the "in" thing but we think its a great place for a date or a nice evening with your sweetie!
Buffets are overrated and the free breakfast at your mid-budget hotel is just cellophane bagels and hard-boiled eggs.  Solution?  The Peppermill.  It's freestanding, not buried in some casino, so you can park for free and be in the door right away.  If there is a wait, go hang out in the Fireside Lounge and have a delicious Bloody Mary.  It will quiet the demons.  . . Upon entering, you will see that the pink, purple, and aquamarine color scheme is so becoming when combined with the thousands of disco-ball mirrors lining the ceiling. Fuchsia neon gives the place all the warmth of a stretch limo circa your cousin's quinceanera in 1986.  The flamingo-patterned Tiffany-esque lampshades are the essence of class, as are the velour booths.  On every table is a dispenser full of rainbow sugar which matches the decor.. . If you think all this sounds cheesy, I want you to know that the place is in perfect condition and squeaky, crazy, pristine clean.  Yes, there is a jungle of silk plants but not a speck of dust anywhere.  It is a lovely, inviting restaurant.  If you have ever been to the Madonna Inn, you will know what I am talking about: well-maintained kitsch is like a beautiful rhinestone-bedazzled Nudie suit one is never ashamed of wearing.  . . The breakfast portions are enormous.  The fruit plate is more like a party platter for 12.  Two people could split an omelet and leave the table full.  The hash browns are crispy, not soggy or greasy.  . . These are restorative foods.  Combined with the Peppermill's professional, attentive service, you can feel your hangover receding with each bite.  I always leave the Peppermill ready for my day's events, whether sunburning by the pool, shopping in the outlets, hiding in a dark hotel room watching "Ladyhawke," gambling away my retirement savings, or braving the gridlock on the 15.  Go disco breakfast!
Not really knowing about this place, we decided to try it out. Wow. We were NOT disappointed one bit. The scorpion bite drink was HUGE and pretty pricey, but worth it for sure. . . I cant wait to go back this summer, and try their food..
Vintage Vegas at it's best! The retaurant is cool, but the lounge is awesome!! Perfect late-night spot for couples.
Passed by this place many times but never bothered to stop by.. Until, we did a "nearby" search on my Yelp App... Mann, have I been missin' out for the last few years!! . . First off, the atmosphere/decor is definitely out of the ordinary and most likely inspired from a nightclub/strip club.. Disco ball glass, Cherry Blossom Trees and Neon Lights.. Interesting and totally Vegas!. . What will make me come back again and again:. . Southern Fried Steak: This was the Best Chicken Fried Steak I've ever had! Crispy, Crispy Chicken Breading, Good Thickness, Tender and So Flavorful!! The gravy was Great and just made it even better! It came with Some of the Best Hash Browns I've ever had!! Yes, this plate was a Double Whammy!! The Hash had the typical string/shredded potatoes but wider cuts and an amplified potato flavor!! The eggs, I tried their scrambled eggs and they were tastier than average and fluffier than normal. Plus, I opted with a side of White Toast. The Toast was ordinary but it came with a delicious strawberry jam. To Top it off, this entree could easily feed two starving people!!! . . French Toast: Another Generous Dish that came with 6 Fat 1/2Slices of Texas Toast that were Frenched up Correctly! Nice soft butter and maple syrup (not too thick) just brought it home! Traditional and Executed Right! . . Marinated Pork Chops: Came with 2 bone-in cuts, grilled with the nice evident checker marks and lightly seasoned with herbs and spices. Not bad but Nothing compared to the Southern/Chicken Fried Steak. This also came with a small slices of apples and sauce. The side of Hash Browns.. You know how I feel about those! This time, I went with egg whites and a bagel with cream cheese for the included choice of sides. Egg whites were Great (similar to the scrambled eggs) and the Bagel was massive and Satisfying (No, Einstein Bagel but it did the job).. . Dined here twice now, within a week and this place isn't around the block.. Hint, Hint.. Service both times were Flawless.. Veteran Servers: know what to say, how to say it and when to say it.. Fast service, follow-ups.. I like the Feel and Atmosphere, much different the norm. Prices are alright, they pile on the food and quality is there. I'm hooked on their Southern Fried Steak and Eggs!!! and  Hash Browns!
Attention travellers to Vegas - this is the spot to go when you're broke, drunk, or looking for a near casino experience that won't surprise you when the bill comes.. . Big portions, 100% Columbian coffee, and lots of stick-to-your-ribs choices make it great for breakfast or that post-drunk meal.. . As others have noted - the decor rocks.  Everything classic Vegas, right down to the prices, and it's open 24 hours!
The Peppermill is like if Sean Connery as James Bond designed a Denny's.  It's great diner food with awesome cocktails, cheap!  The fire-pit lounge is just the best thing for wowing your friends who come in from ther parts of the country, or for getting out of the LV January cold.  The whole place is lit in purple, with all kinds of amazing floral decor. . . The mood is a must-stop-by and is an easy walk from the Wynn or Riviera.
Let's discuss the Peppermill Restaurant side first, because I feel like you have two totally different experiences in the same business depending on whether you are headed to the restaurant or the lounge.. . The Peppermill Restaurant--So, the decor is a little tacky---what isn't tacky about Las Vegas though???  Really???  You walk in to a restaurant and you see neon rainbow lights, slot machines, dogwood trees and waitresses dressed up in skittles colored uniforms.  The visual entertainment alone is enticing enough for me to go there time and time again.  Even the sugar on the table is rainbow colored.. . The food portions are humongous and I think if you are an average eater, you can get one meal and split it with someone and both of you would walk out full and content.  The food is pretty good, I wouldn't say that it's the best--but again---you're paying for the experience.  The prices are a little bit higher than an average family restaurant but, hey---someone has to pay for the electricity that's used in lighting up those colorful neon lights.  =0)  The service has always been great every time that I've gone.  So, give the restaurant side a try.. . However--should you decide to pass the Peppermill Restaurant up---DO NOT pass up the opportunity to experience the Fireside Lounge.  Not everyone knows, but the Fireside Lounge was actually used in a scene for the movie Casino with Robert Deniro and Sharon Stone.  Apparently, Deniro hung out there during the filming of the movie andhe liked it so much that they decided to use it as a scene in the movie.  Aside from the movie trivia attached to this lounge, the experience is truly unique.  I would say that it's quite romantic and great for dates and especially a first date.  If you end up getting a little toasty around the fire on the velvet red couches, there are other areas in the lounge that offer secluded areas for private conversation.  The area is pretty dim and it's got the nightlife feel to it.  So, give it a try!!  And take a few pictures for us!!!  . . Yvette L. Brownstone from Ventura, CA
I regret Not going here in the 14 years i lived here before i left. It looked kinda divey on the outside in my eyes. But you cant be at the same location for as long as i remember with crappy food and service. Upon walking in i was impressed with the layout. It looks funky with neon lights and plush seating. The hostess was friendly upon entering. And once seated took our drink orders rather quickly. The prices werent bad at all. And the food portions OMG. Ate at around 3 and i didnt not eat again all night besides little snacks here and there. Plus they come around and take your pictures and you can buy it if you want. Sure why not did the touristy thing for once. I shall be back Peppermill. MUAH.
This place is a must visit in Las Vegas. If you want to drink in a rave like setting minus the music, this is the place for you. Huge drinks, reasonable prices, and  fun atmosphere. We had a great time and I highly reccomend a visit north!
The Peppermill is always awesome!  Its right next door to the Riviera which is usually our home base.. . We went there late night last night and a sudden craving for breakfast hit while I was staring at the menu.  I ordered the Lorraine omelet which had a ton of bacon, green onions and swiss cheese.  Their omelets are out of control.  They are GIGANTIC!  It was super tasty too!  It comes with a side of some awesome hashbrowns and 2 pieces of toast.  I got sourdough and it was perfect....they even butter up the bread for you too so all you have to do is apply the strawberry jelly.  I washed it down with a gigantic chocolate shake.  The wife ordered a bowl of chicken noodle soup and had some of my hashbrowns.  It was another excellent meal, and the Peppermill remains one of my favorite spots in Vegas!
Was sent here by a former local as the "it" place to go. It didn't disappoint. Love the old Vegas vibe, the neon, the fire in the water pit, the tall Russian waitress, the prices, the drinks.Love!
I ate there with a small group of friends for brunch on a Sunday morning. I will say that when one goes into the restaurant, one gets that retro feeling, and the ambiance like that makes the experience great. It is quite packed all the time, but one does not have to wait that long. . . It is a bit pricey, but it is worth the price since they do give great portions. Their regular order of a pancake is like three or four normal sized pancakes combined. It is HUGE. The food was great and I do recommend it for a great breakfast here.
Great Food!!  Kooky Atmosphere!!  A must-try when you're in Sin City!
I had heard of this place from multiple people and then saw it on an episode of Drinking Made Easy. So when my wife and I were in Vegas, we decided to check out the Fireside Lounge. . . It's a dark little bar lit mostly with Neon, there is their signature fire pit, a pool of water with fire bubbling out of it. Instead of regular tables, they have cozy little couches you sit in either next to the fire (which was a little too warm for our tastes in July) or roomy booths you can sit in. The atmosphere reminded me of a mix between a Hollywood portrayal of old school Vegas and a strip club... but not in a bad way. We both found it very comfortable and relaxing. . . The service was fantastic! We never went without drinks, the waitress would check on us even if she could see that we were still working on our drinks. She answered questions, was very personable and polite. This was some of the best service we had in Vegas.. . We wanted something light for lunch so we ordered the Crab cakes. WOW these were good! They where flaky, delicious and the sauce the drizzled on top complimented the crab flavor immensely! I would highly recommend giving them a try!. . We had a couple of their specialty drinks. The Blue Hawaiian, which was our favorite. It was very good, and very blue! We also had the Scorpion, which is best described as a fishbowl filled with alcohol and ice cream, it was good, but it took the two of us almost an hour to finish it and it was very filling. After we were done, we were in a little bit of misery until we could walk it off. . . One of the neatest novelty things this bar has is the drink guns. They can push one button on the gun and it will automatically pour the drink. It gives consistency to their signature drinks so no matter who makes it; it will always be the same. It's just neat to watch it inaction.
Let's see - a fun and friendly atmosphere, large portions of delicious food, tasty drinks served by a bona fide cocktail waitress, and all at reasonable prices. What's NOT to like?!. . Ok, maybe the Vegas locale, on the north end of the strip and away from the more posh atmosphere of Tao and a million Wolfgang Puck spinoffs, isn't for everyone. But then again, Peppermill is right across the street from Circus Circus and right next to the Riviera, and away from the worst of the Strip traffic.. . My girlfriend and I went to Peppermill on the recommendation of a friend, someone who lives here in Las Vegas, always a good sign. Once you enter the place, you're immediately struck by a cunning mix of modern and retro, neon lighting in a darkened room, and waitresses in bright colours and miniskirts. . . We were seated quickly and immediately introduced to our waitress, who was friendly and helpful, and soon followed by the cocktail waitress, dressed to the nines in a flowing black dress but still very comfortable. She helped us choose drinks and returned with them fast, checking on us several times throughout the meal.. . My girlfriend got a grasshopper and I tried a Blue Hawaiian, big and fruity and bright blue - it also packed a good kick. No watering down here, I guess!. . For our meals, she tried the pork chops and eggs, which came with a generous portion of hash browns and a muffin, while I tried the pastrami burger with (I was delighted to find) curly fries. We finished off with an "Elegant Brownie," a positively massive dessert of warm brownie, hot fudge, and vanilla ice cream, topped with whipped cream and a cherry. Everything was delicious and cooked to perfection - a little bit of pink in the middle of my medium burger, eggs with just slightly runny yolks, crispy fries and hashbrowns, and a delightfully messy dessert that was plenty for two to share.. . And the whole meal, drinks and dessert included, came in at just about $50 all told. Not bad at all for a wonderful experience and a whole lot of great food.. . If you're in Vegas, you owe it to yourself...it may be a little off the main drag, but the Peppermill is well worth the trip. As for us, we'll be back!
Fantastic food.  Fruit plate was enormous, fresh with great variety.  Gyros were very tasty.   Decor is kind of neat with neons and cozy booths. Waitresses were very nice and had cute uniforms.  Overall, one of my very best Vegas eating experiences.   Definitely will be back again.
This place is a Vegas icon.  Good food, service, atmosphere, and open whenever you get there.  If you're on or near the strip, the Peppermill is an awesome retreat.
LOVED this place!! I didn't eat at the restaurant as when we went there was quite a wait so we opted to sit fireside (in the lounge) and order drinks and apps.  First off the hostess and wait staff were friendly and helpful.  Our waitress answered all our questions about drinks and when one of the couples with us ordered the large nachos she recommended the small and boy am I glad she did because the small could easily feed 4-6.  The drinks were well priced and made well.  I opted for the Bloody Mary while the BF got The Scorpion (as seen on TV) - both were mighty tasty.  Our group not only had the nachos but also the BBQ sliders, ribs and the app sampler.  All were made really quick and tasted good.  There was even a photographer who came around and took group pics of us (free of charge).  We showed up around 4pm on a Friday and though the fireside table was reserved at 7pm the waitress politely notified us but didn't pressure us to leave or even move (which we did when more of our party showed up around 6:30pm).  All in all I give this place 5 stars and will be going back next time I'm in Vegas!
Every time I am in Vegas, it is a must that I go to the Peppermill. This is a really cool place very authentic Vegas. The ambiance is almost like you are in an 80's movie...I love it!!! Try the chicken fingers too!..so good! . . Side note: I feel like everything in Vegas is amazingby default because everything is open 24 hours!!!
I hate to admit I first came to this place because of "Anthony Bourdain no reservations." For years I've driven by this place thinking that it looks like a Vegas rendition of a Denny's. When you first walk in, the Vegas Denny's theme still holds true with one small exception. You will notice a double glass door in the back left corner that leads to the Peppermill's Fireside Lounge. The 5 stars is solely for the Fireside Lounge and not the Restaurant. . You instantly enter into a late 60's early 70's themed lounge that relaxes and surprises in the same breath. The decor looks like they actually had well kept furniture from the 70's imported through some kind of time portal and not the new furniture that is meant to look retro. I ordered the scorpion (Giant volleyball sized drink) because I saw Bourdain order it himself and our group loved it. We (my wife and myself) got it blended with the ice cream and the couple we were with got it on the rocks. Both are very tasty but I'd have to go with ice cream variety. We order the Peppermill sampler which had cheese sticks, chicken fingers, shrimp, and bruschetta to name a few. It served its purpose and tasted good but nothing too standout about it. . The service was on spot and great!! Peppermill's Fireside Lounge is a must stop if you're in the Vegas area. Great for pre/post parties or even being the main attraction. . Here's my advice to the Peppermill owners- Keep up the great job and don't change a thing!!!
Fireside lounge offers a great scenery and wonderful service. One of the best places to get drinks for reasonable prices. The food is also good. Try the wings they are pretty popular.
I went for the first time last night.  The place has this great 80's neon feel to it, I liked it.  Music was kinda weird as it was some 80's, some newer stuff.. . The server was great, and they also had a cocktail waitress for drinks (kind of odd, but a beer's a beer.)  . . We knew we would have leftovers so we ordered the Sampler to add to the "next day meal."  It is a giant plate of fried food.  Chicken tenders, cheese sticks, shrimp, and GIANT onion rings.  If I had a complaint, it would be the onion rings are too big.  Also with the mass of grease is a few pieces of Bruschetta.  Thet were good, but the tomatoes seemed as if they had been marinating too long, kinda squishy.. . Dinner, I had the Ciabatta Pesto Burger.  Beef, Ciabatta bread, pesto, red onion, tomato, pancetta, fresh mozzarella, and instead of lettuce.... a crapload of basil leaves.  This is now one of the top 5 burgers I have ever had in my life.  Srsly, this burger blew me away.  The beef was "ok," nothing that amazing, but the combination of the pesto, basil, pancetta, and fresh mozzarella... you (yes, you) NEED to try this.. . The appetizers and service were a 4 star.  That burger makes the entire experience 5 stars.  Definitely going back.
I went here for the first time last weekend and only ordered the turkey burger, but it was the best turkey burger ever!!. . Service is great and the neon lighting made me feel like i was in an 80's movie with Molly Ringwald or something. The server's purple power spandex outfits looked like something straight out of Rainbow Brite and the outfits changed to formal evening gowns for the later shift. Pretty cool.. . Nonetheless, i will return someday and try more food because i'm sure it will be awesome.. . Forget Denny's... Peppermill is where it's at!!!
Can't get enough of this place...Come hungry as the portions are GINORMOUS!
I have been here before, but this was the first time for my parents. They and we absolutely love the food here. Good price and huge portion sizes. This is a great place for family and friends and the staff is also excellent. If you are in the city and need a place to eat that kind if takes you back to old Vegas, this is your stop.
The Peppermill is highly recommended- even The Killers' singer Brandon Flowers and guitarist Dave Keuning, who both live in Las Vegas, like this place because it's more local, and a break from all the tourists. But I'll stop and let this interview excerpt do the talking: . . "Flowers and Keuning head for lunch at the Peppermill, an all night restaurant on the strip. It opened in the seventies, and it's just the kind of place the Killers dig- a bit weird, and seemingly immune from vacationing Midwesterners. "We hate big crowds," Keuning says."You can always just pop in and get a bite here. It's a cool place." Eating their salads and runny egg specials, Keuning and Flowers stick out among the Peppermill patrons, most of whom are dressed in tees and tank tops. Flowers wears a cream colored, fake alligator skin jacket he got in London: Keuning is in a shiny gray vest and Dior aviators. But no one bothers them or even seems to recognize them, and you sense that's one reason they like places like the Peppermill. Especially Flowers.". . So go on, maybe you'll even spot Vegas' most famous rock band.... http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
Sitting fireside with a big ass foo-foo drink is something I have now checked off my bucket list. Yes, I have always wanted to get all swanky-like and enjoy a huge cocktail over some comfortable conversation while lounging on vinyl. I did it here and it was friggin' epic.
Definitely a good place to get drunk food.. I like the fire-pit side.
OH EM GEEEEEEEEE!!!!. PEPPERMILL HAS THE BEST BREAKFAST IN VEGAS!!!. The portions are huge and your food comes out pretty quickly.. I have a pleasant experience every time I visit.. The wait can get crazy so it is best to arrive early.. . I'm not a fan of the mimosas, I think they're too strong...not sweet enough. Something's off!. . When you come here they'll offer to take a picture of you while you're seated. Its free to take the picture but its costs to actually take the picture home which is not surprising! . . Cool place, definitely try!!!
What is not to love about The Peppermill. Old school Vegas deco, massive portions and open 24/7. With all of the great places to eat in this town I eat there , at least, 3 times per visit. The food is great and you get plenty of it. The country fried steak is the best I have ever had and is almost too big to finish. Beverages are served by attractive women in long black gowns and one of our servers was good looking enough that I wanted to order a case one beer at a time. The lounge portion is ultra cool and definatly designed for couples with a fire fountian in the middle of a booth....yes it was in the movie Casino! I usually stay at The Riv which makes it staggering...uhhh walking distance on those late night early mornings.If you have never been try it because you can't say you have been to Vegas without hitting The Peppermill.
5 stars for being the best breakfast spot in Vegas...seriously why have I never been here before?. . I was warned of the harsh purple and neon lighting before I walked in, but I kind of enjoyed it more than hated it. This place screams Vegas. . . I pieced together my meal, side of scrambled eggs, side of hash browns and a fruit platter. Portions were ridiculous. The eggs were freshly scrambled, the potatoes nice and crisp. A bottle of cholula on the table makes me happy, who needs tabasco?!?. . Friends all loved their meals. Giant stuffed feta cheese omelets and a big bowl of what looked to be everything in the kitchen scrambled and topped with fried eggs. I heard the bran muffin was pretty tasty as well.. . Service was great and very reasonable prices.
Great hashbrowns and amazing biscuits and gravy! Great place for breakfast and to chill out.
LOVE this place!! If you're in Las Vegas and want to get away from the craziness to grab a bite to eat at a local diner this is the place to go. I love how it's unique and is all about the neon lights. The food is so yummy and the portions are big. 3 of my friends and I started off sharing an order or nachos and WOW! Big portion. We didn't finish it because it was so much and had forgotten all about our individual entree. I ordered the Pesto Chicken sandwich. When I saw it I was full just by looking at it but of course I ate as much as I could and it tasted delicious. The service and vibe are great and everyone that eats there is friendly and fun. . . After dinner we went to check out the Fireside Lounge on the other side, my friend calls it the Swingers Lounge because it reminds you of something from the 70's with the dim lights, more neon lights and fire place. Different for sure.. . Make sure to stop by on your next Las Vegas visit.
Visited the Peppermill for a late lunch around 2pm on a Sunday afternoon. Dining solo so I avoided the wait for a table and walked right up to counter seating. For some reason, even though I'm no one special, the shift supervisor waited on me personally and the service was excellent. . . I got the turkey burger with sweet potato fries, and it was both large and tasty. . . Love the ambiance and neon lighting. I'm Generation X-er, so anthing that reminds me of a Brat Pack movie is going to sit well with me. . . Don't forget to check out the Firepit Lounge, located just to your left as you walk in. Totally different atmosphere but just as positive. Perhaps a somewhat slower, more laid back pace. Enjoyed this place and will definitely be back.
This long standing restaraunt never fails.  Every thing was cooked correctly from perfect eggs to crispy hash browns.  It has a booth for every table,just classic Vegas
Here is a hidden gem on the Las Vegas Strip. It is on the North end across the street from Circus Circus. It provides excellent food with large portions and a cheap price. The inside is like stepping back into time for a while. They have the typical diner look, but with a Vegas twist. The best part of this place is the lounge in the back. . . The Fireside Lounge is a great place to start your night or end your morning. The fountain in the middle of the indoor lounge has fire coming out of it and you sit very comfy couches next to it. If you can't find a spot next to it you can plop down in any booth that is open. They have great prices and great service. I work in the hotel industry and suggest this place to everyone.
Fireside Lounge is another world, and I want to live there. I started or ended up there FOUR nights out of four last time I was in town. This is an especially awesome experience if you are staying at the north end of the Strip - Stratosphere, Riviera, Circus, etc. I recommend the bottles of cheap bubbly, ordered several at a time.
Our new favorite place in Vegas! Vintage Vegas ambiance, delicious food (huge portions), crazy 70s interior decor. And next door at the Fireside Lounge there's a liquid fire pit and either music videos or sports on dozens of TVs all around. Bonus trivia: Joe Pesci stabbed that dude in the neck with a pen here in "Casino".
This lounge/restaurant is typical Vegas. If you come here, definitely sit down at the lounge with the fireplace. Just that is an attraction in and of itself. The place still retains the old school Vegas feel. We came here on an off night so it was relatively good with minimal herding. They will take complimentary photo's so ask about that. Will definitely come back to this place on a Friday or Saturday night.
the food is surprisingly delicious! not your typical diner like dennys or cocos. . huge portions. flavorful. friendly staff. clean environment.. . pina coloda was delicious! drinks are decently price as well as the food. you won't feel ripped off. . . gotta love the old school vegas with neon lights.. . i will be back!!
Looking for the quintesential Vegas dining experience on a reasonable budget? Your buck should stop here! This place is sooooo old Vegas it's worth a trip in itself! Typical diner food on a large portion scale with their signature dishes including such (somewhat healthy) items like their western fruit plate which is about two pounds of assorted fruit with a nice loaf of banana bread which is served with marshmellow butter/sauce! YUM! their bloody maria's are excellent and if you'd rather hang by the fire they have a lounge attached that has TV's and sunken living room seating with a fire pit. The interior of the entire facility is adorned with mirrors, obnoxious neon lighting and fake trees and plants! Devine old Vegas style! The Peppermill should also win your love because unlike most of our city that has changed, died or evolved over time the Peppermill has stood strong as a staple here in Vegas for many, many, many years! A final FYI: It's also an excellent place to people watch at 3am
Came here for breakfast and this place is awesome! My group didnt order anything else, we had the omelette.  That IN ITSELF is amazing!. . Ho ho ho!  I dont think they make more creative and tasty omelettes.  Forget the IHOP, DENNY'S OR HOTEL OMELETTES! This place has out of the world, big and tasty omelttes.  My group had mediaterranean, veggie and this meat sauce one.  All tasty, good, blended well.. . Food here is tasty... and slightly pricy, but worth the while.  Great ambiance too!
It's awesome that the tackiness of this place is so upfront. The plastic plants aren't off in the corner, they're dangling off the tops of the booths right in your face. Excellent. We had about 30 min. to wait to be seated, so we played some video blackjack in the lounge and had some screwdrivers. Ended up winning enough to cover our monster breakfast. I had the Marco pollo omelette, my wife had the eggs benny and we barely touched the massive serving of hash browns that accompanied both dishes. Service was very friendly from the lounge to our server to the cashier. Will make this a regular Vegas stop.
This place is the Mecca of diners, lined with chrome and neon lights this is the what all diners aspire to be.  I love the peppermill, because it is classic vegas.  Despite having not much for me to eat as a vegan, I still loved the atmosphere.  I had oatmeal, which was massive, so I can't speak to the food.  . . They have a good list of cocktails that are decent prices.  The fireside lounge is awesome, has a firepit and the ladies are all in black evening gowns.  This place is a must for everyone to visit at least once.
Whenever the boyfriend and I can't compromise on one restaurant or just have no idea what to eat but just know that no one wants to cook tonight it's off to Peppermill we go.. . I've pretty much had most of the salads, soups and a handful of the sandwiches.  My favorite thing off the lunch/dinner menu is the tomato and mozzarella sandwich.  Oh my gosh, thick foccacia style bread, buffalo mozzarella, fresh tomatos, drizzled with balsamic and basil served with a side of fresh fruit.  Yum...I just started drooling thinking about it.  The last time we went I got the steak and mushroom salad thinking it would be a mixed green salad with mushrooms and a couple slices of steak.  No sirree this was the entire piece of meat teetering on a bed of greens.  Granted it wasn't Meyer's Ranch's finest but still for $13.95, holy cow!. . Let me not forgot about the most divine part of Peppermill: their breakfast which is served 24 hours.  Of course I've had it at normal hours as well as after leaving the club at 4 AM but the pinnacle of it all is weekend brunch after some hard partying.  Prepare for a 45 minute to an hour wait for a table but so worth it.  Their french toast is melt-in-your-mouth, the eggs benedict is the best classic version I've had in Vegas and their omelettes are too die for and big enough for 2-3 people to share.  Don't forget about their Bloody Marys which are the size of a vase (Rock star tip:  Order an extra shot to ease the transition back to the daylight).. . I was torn between 4 and 5 stars because with so many 5 star dining places in Vegas, Peppermill is not the most innovative but I just have to give Peppermill the benefit of the doubt and go with 5 because honestly it is just so d*** good.
My wife had eggs benedict that were okay.  I had the Marco Pollo Omelet with a bagel.  It was delicious.  I had to take half of it home, and I usually eat a lot.
The Peppermill is a Las Vegas classic. Fantastic breakfasts, delicious lunches, and an atmosphere that is truly unique. The restaurant is often crowded, and it's not uncommon to have to wait for a table -- but don't let that dissuade you. Time spent waiting in the lounge -- whether at the bar, in a comfy booth or around the great open fire -- is a definite highlight of the Peppermill experience.
The omelet I ordered had 12 eggs in it. It was huge! The place is full of color glitz and glam. Huge bar with a fire pit and lush carpeting and drapery. This place is fun exciting brilliant and very delicious tasting. I absolutely loved the atmosphere and I would recommend this place to any beauty that wants fun food. It's a  hangover's dream. . Full bar and hot wait staff. Pink electricity. The lights throughout glowed as I ate. Fast pace food finders dream. Love the DINNER. amazing, UPSCALE VEGAS FEEL.
Just wow Peppermill.  You had me at Hello.   . . Peppermill is an institution in Vegas.   Walk in here and you walk back in time. There is no question about where you are - 1970s. Vegas.  Neon lights.  Crushed purple velvet.  Mirrors. Vintage waitress outfits.   Worries left at the door.  Yuppp, this place is da bomb.  Our friends who are locals brought us here, and good thing they did because I never would have found it, even though I Yelp and read Chowhound extensively.  Actually we walked by it a few times (we stayed at the Hilton about a block away) and I did wonder what the story was with the place...there is something so non-descript and mysterious about it.  Curiosity solved - we came for breakfast on Sunday morning, whole place is packed with a crowd waiting at the slot machines. Wait doesn't take long though. Look around and everyone is drinking  Bloody Marys.  I had the Tequila Sunset and French Toast with fruit and boysenberry syrup - delish! My husband had the chorizo eggs with refried beans, also very good.  Overall, Peppermill is a great diner and the quintessential Vegas experience.  I'll definitely be coming back here on future trips to Sin City.
Old school Vegas, 24-7 hours of operation, neon, 80's music blarin, and BTW, this is a diner.  Great breakfast, lunch menu with HUGE portions. Bonus=indoor fire pit and lounge seating in the back bar. LOVE this place. This makes hitting the dreaded Las Vegas strip (tourist trap hell) worth the meandering in. Think the movie "Casino" andyou have a true mental image.
Great value for your Buck. The dinner salad is the size of an entree and the steaks super juicy. And save room for desert, we had the Brownie a la mode and talk about super chocolate and fudge. Finger licking good.
Good stuff! Big portions! Great service!
This is a Las Vegas MUST!  The Peppermill is the BEST breakfast place I have ever visited!  It's very busy and there is a good reason for it, it's worth the wait!  If you are over 21, you can start the morning in the lounge. It has the "Old Vegas" feel to it.  They have a round fire place in there with a blue flame that you can enjoy your morning Mimosa at. You just have to see it!  For breakfast, try the fruit waffle fantasia or french toast ambrosia.  They are both amazing!  If you love omelets, try the Spinach, Feta, Provolone, Tomato, Artichoke one. OMG....the best ever!  I come home and fantasize about it....seriously!  The location is next to the Riviera and across the street from Circus Circus!  Enjoy!   Amy
This place isso fantastically representative of gaudy Las Vegas!!!  I am so so so glad my husband shared this gem with me.  We went there on 2/25/12, sometime around noon-ish.  The decor is this strange mix of neon lights and faux exotic plant life (think blooming cherry trees and birds of paradise).  And the Fireside Lounge is too awesome for words.  We put our name in for a table, then went to the properly dark & swanky lounge to enjoy a couple Bloody Mary's.  It was the perfect place to zone out while sipping our tasty beverages as we continued to wake up from our very late night playing poker at Bill's Gamblin' Hall.  Once we got seated, I ordered the Feta & Vegetable Omelette.  It was scrumptious!!  It had spinach, artichoke hearts, tomatoes, and provolone cheese on the inside, with crumble feta and tomatoes sprinkled on top.  The portion was easily large enough to serve two people and I could only eat half of it (that's a bummer, as I don't like wasting food).  PLUS, that half omelette with its usual breakfast sides were so filling that I just had a Nathan's hot dog later and was good for the rest of the night.  The service was also great, with our friendly and helpful server Jennifer.  Please do yourself a favor and have breakfast here at least once the next time you visit Las Vegas!
This place is now on my schedule of places to have breakfast in while I am in Vegas. I don't know how I had never wanted to try this place out.. This place is a must. Good food, big meals. And not too pricey.
This place is so cheesy it's awesome. Food and drinks are great but can get pricey. The service is always top-notch.
The best hot wings ever! Burger was also great. They even made my 10 year old son his own pizza which isn't even on their menu. Definitely coming back next time I'm in Las Vegas.
I totally LOVE this place! The art deco flamingo lampshades gaudily clash with the mirror mosaic ceiling tiles, pink and purple neon lights and purple and turquoise seats (are they made of velour?!). There are fake trees and plants. The waitresses are dressed in brightly colored short dresses. What is not to love? The menu is varied with many breakfast or dinner choices. My southern fried steak was the best I can remember having. Ever. And I'm from TX. . . We went with friends for brunch on a Sunday. Call ahead for a table if you don't want to wait. I'm glad I did so. I would love to go there as a last call stop after a night out on the Strip...it's gotta be an interesting place in the wee small hours if it was interesting on a late Sunday morning. . . This is now going to be one of our this-is-Vegas spots for when people come to visit. . . Love it! :)
I am one of the many who trekked to this old school restaurant because of Mr. Bourdain.. . And damn was he right again!. . It is CRUCIAL that you get seated in fireside lounge. We almost got seated in the regular diner area and that is not the experience you should be looking for!. . My boyfriend and I split a scorpion bowl and a plate of chicken strips and fries. Both were gigantic and plenty for both of us. They are particularly generous with their fries.. . Our waitress was very friendly I loved the dim lighting and ambiance overall.. . Only downside is that it wasn't a cheap cab ride there. But it is worth it, believe me!. . Can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Vegas so I can get a seat right in front of the fireplace!
The Peppermill is by far the best place to eat breakfast in all of Nevada. The portions are very genrous and the food is outstanding. The fireside lounge is a wonderful place to relax and have a drink while waiting for a table. The atmosphere in the lounge has to be experienced to fully grasp just how wonderful it is. Overall, no trip to Vegas is complete without breakfast at the Peppermill
This is my favorite place to eat after going out at night and needing some good food to put an end to a night of imbibing.  Also working at night in a locale where dozens of people ask where to eat at this hour (2 or 3 am usually), I have never in 8 years had one person come back and complain about the Peppermill.  That by itself should say something in an era when complaints seem the norm.. . Food portions are generous and prices are reasonable compared to what else is open nearby at "off" hours.
Was advised by a married couple on the airplane to try Fireside. Doesn't look that great from the outside but its an excellent place to eat or relax. The fire pits are amazing and very romantic. The Pepper-mill side is good to, an waitresses are superbly dressed in an oldies but revealing attire.
How did I not come here before?. . This place was super D - LISH!!! also, fetured on Anthony Bordain's No Reservations... . . Let's start with the wait.. .oh hell yeah there's a wait about 1.5 - 2 hours, yes it was that packed and we didn't get to actually eat until about 1:00 pm or so. . . We decided to take our group of 10 and sit in the Fireside lounge...This gem is so hidden that we didn't even know until about 30 minutes of waiting outside.. . Lets start with the FIreside Lounge - Think Super fabulous 70's, neon Lights, water / fire pit, ultra comfy seperate seating areas, did I mention the Scorpian( also featured on Anthony Bordain's No Reservations) yeah that ones a rough one- its super huge!!!  My friends and I all started talking on why we haven't yet partied here and enjoyed getting drunk at the lounge... really why haven't we? Next time my friends next time.... . So we get called to sit down to eat, the ambiance is like the old 70's/ early 80's charm again but with faux trees and neaon lights and faux plants through out... charming.. . We get an amazing server, Jennifer, well we are told the portions are huge, in hearing that and then actually seeing the items delivered to the table - thank God we listened and we shared plates!!!. . Breakfast menu is really off the chain here! we all took bites off each others plates to sample the menu.. so not disappointing at all eveything was great!  Chicken fried steak, eggs benedict, Joes grill breakfast thing, biscuits and gravy it was all scrumptious.. . After inhaling most of my food we were all pretty much full and decided to walk up the strip to get back to normal after the food coma we just endeared.. . It was D LIsh and I will be definately coming back on my next trip to vegas, maybe after the breakfast rush..
Peppermill is as good as it gets when it comes to a casual dining place for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  Food is always fresh, waitstaff is always friendly, and the positions are great.  One of my favorite spots to visit in Las Vegas....
Amazing atmosphere!  Great prices for the large portions.   Although there was a wait to get it, you can't blame people for wanting to come here!  Just fantastic- wish we would have found this place earlier in the trip.
I LOVE this spot! Great food, fast service, friendly service, affordable prices, AND 24 hours! Yep. Done deal.
Went here every day for breakfast. The omelette has 8-10 eggs in it! The hash browns are the best I've ever had in my life. Drinks are served in pint glasses (large). Service is brilliant.
Really good food and a great selection.  Love their hash browns.  I really enjoy the service as well.  I appreciate that they take drink orders right away.  This is a place I frequent when in Vegas.
After being at the Peppermill for the first time, I was kicking myself mentally that I hadn't been here sooner.  I enjoyed everything about it, from the large, comfortable booth with royal blue, aqua, and lavender fabric in which we sat; the immediate pouncing on us after we were seated by water carrier, cocktail waitress, and server in quick succession; the snappy, blue and white, mini-skirted uniforms of the servers; the swirling neon blue and pink tubes of light overhead and tube of red light circling around the dining room below; the immense menu; to the wonderfully tasty and generously sized food that Diane and I enjoyed on a recent Tuesday night.  And, as we entered and left the restaurant, every served dish I saw on other diners' plates looked massive, well crafted, and tasty.. . I began our late dinner with a bowl of Beef Barley Soup.  It contained cubed beef, barley, mushroom slices, tomato, celery, and a real tasty, oily beef broth.  The only negative is that the mushrooms appeared to be of the canned variety.  . . An excellent Spinach Salad with egg, fresh spinach leaves, bacon, and a Catalina Dressing that tasted like Hot Bacon Dressing was next, followed by a BLTA packed with bacon, red tomato, lettuce, an ample smear of mayonnaise, and huge, beautifully green and yellow, cool chunks of perfectly ripe avocado on lightly toasted Sourdough Bread as I had requested.  Numerous French Fries were also on the plate, because I had forgotten to order desired Potato Salad, which was an included alternative, along with a choice of cottage cheese, onion rings, or a fruit cup.  So, just a little belatedly, I ordered and paid for a side of Potato Salad.  When it arrived in a large teardrop dish, my work in dispatching this large side, along with my jam-packed sandwich, began.  But it was easy to do, for this excellent creamy white, mayonnaise-based Dill Potato Salad with skin-on Red Potatoes and celery was simply delicious.  The Fries were good, but I enjoyed the Potato Salad more.. . Diane, meanwhile, raved about the 3 large and juicy Arctic Cod fillets and the incredible amount of crisp deep-fried Curly Fries that covered her platter and constituted an order of Icelandic Fish and Chips.  She also very much liked her excellent, rich Hot Chocolate with Whipped Cream.  As usual, I finished all of my meal, and Diane ate what she could, and had the rest packed for lunch at home.. . But we were by no means done.  I had my eye on another Peppermill offering as soon as I read through the gargantuan menu, and Diane was game, as well.  So, to cap off a fine dinner, we ordered a Colossal Hot Fudge Sundae to share.. . And, this was some sundae.  Besides a generous supply of French Vanilla Ice Cream in a large and high elongated glass sundae dish, this treat featured mini-chocolate chips, chopped peanuts, a mountain of whipped cream, an obligatory cherry on top, and a load of warm and sweet Hot Fudge (see pic)--likely four times the amount of Hot Fudge one will find in the average Hot Fudge Sundae served elsewhere.  I asked our server how many scoops of ice cream were in our sundae, and she replied that normally 3 scoops are included but this was the first one she had ever made, and because she wanted us to be pleased with it, she had put in FIVE SCOOPS!  I highly recommend this dish--but not for just 1 person!  It was so wonderfully good that Diane and I finished it all--but just barely! . . This was a great meal with very friendly and mostly great service.  Only my specially ordered Potato Salad was initially forgotten temporarily, and I had to ask once for an Iced Tea refill.  Otherwise our server checked on us several times during our meal to make sure all was well and we were not wanting for anything. . . We peeked inside the Fireside Lounge before we left, and it looked like a great romantic place to have drinks with a special partner around the fire pit.. . A couple other pluses about the Peppermill are that it is open 24/7, and access to lot parking is easy right off Las Vegas Boulevard just in front of the restaurant.  I expect to become a regular here, and work my way through the vast and enticing menu.  . . Easily Five Stars!
GREAT place to go for drinks,romantic conversation (in the bar) or bring the whole family kids and all! . . HUGE plates of food for NON strip prices! I love this place! Great drinks,great service and you may just get to see Miss Holly Madison! . . I will ALWAYS be bringing visitors here when they come to Vegas, its a staple!
The Peppermill is a Vegas "must-do" attraction.  Not only is it far enough north on the Strip to give you that old Vegas feel, it still has the look and feel of the old school, flashy for the sake of being flashy, design to it.. . The real reason make the Peppermill a stop on your Vegas Vacation is for the food.  Not just pancakes and eggs and toast kind of place.  They serve breakfast all day and the portions are truly ridiculous.  The staff here is super friendly and they are always willing to work with you on the menu if you want to be a little bit creative.. . On my last visit, I couldn't decide between breakfast or lunch.  I asked the server if I could combine the two and build a lamb gyro omelet.  The end result was a massive 10 egg omelet filled with lamb meat and feta cheese all smothered in  dill tzatziki sauce.  If you like Greek dishes, then give it a try.  . . Incidentally, in the parking lot there was a brand new Lamborghini being delivered by West Coast Customs.  This place is hysterical, in the "we're laughing with you" kind of way.
Tired of crappy casino cafes?  Need to load up on calories after party rockin all night?  Then, tell the cabby, "Take me to Peppermill.". . The Peppermill is a 70s diner, decorated with fake trees, and neon lights. . . They have mutant size chicken parm, big ass omelets, gigalos, huge onion rings, and great customer service.    The people watching in this place is golden, especially at 530am.   The service here is top notch..   . . No Vegas trip is complete without payin homage to Peppermill.
Great food any time of the day!. love this spot. :)
Everything here is HUGEEEEE! (like me) Unless you are a pro wrestler or a huge pothead, you will never finish the entire plate. Share with someone. Trust a honky! Peace!!!
Wow. Nicest breakfast looking place with a bar lounge! We sat in the regular dining area, but would have been nice to eat in lounge area. . . Food: I got the alfredo fettuchine with shrimps and garlic bread. It was expensive, but delicious and big portion! It even comes with a side salad that was loaded with toppings like eggs and bacon. . . Drinks: I got a drink with sparkling wine in it with cinnamon and bitters. It was quite tasty! I also tried the mai tai, which was normal.. . Someone goes around asking to take your picture and then asks if you want to buy it. But you do get a free picture preview.. . Service is quick and friendly.. . I want to try the breakfast food next time I come back to vegas.
Great fire Jacuzzi nice atmosphere normally good service
I've been meaning to start writing Yelp reviews for a while now, and I've repeatedly considered what business would receive my first review. I've decided that it HAS to be the Peppermill and it HAS to be five stars.. . (For this review, I'm focusing strictly on the lounge.). . My wife and I are Las Vegas locals now, but we've been frequenting the Fireside Lounge since our tourist days. We came here on the night we got engaged. We came here on the night we got married. We come here on our birthdays and anniversaries. There simply isn't any place in town more comfortable and romantic for a couple of kitsch lovers like us.. . Sure, the strip location means it gets crowded on the weekends - moreso lately than it used to, it seems - but scoring a seat on one of the plush pink couches around the firepit makes it more than worth the trip. The waitresses are super-friendly and they'll remember you between visits.. . My only complaints are that the drinks are a little weak and the music selection a little poppy. The former is because I've been conditioned by super-strong Fink Bombs at Frankie's Tiki Room, and the latter is because I'm apparently a hipster douche. Neither complaint is worth tarnishing a perfect score.. . The Peppermill is easily one of our favorite places on the entire globe and now it's only a couple of miles down the street from us. We're so lucky to now live so close to this neon-encrusted gem.
Not sure whre they get that different types of colored sugar in that little sugar caddy but I loved it! Breakfast was pretty awesome here and I'm glad I shared a plate with my boyfriend. We didn't even finish what we got (pancakes, fruit, eggs and bacon and sausage). I really liked the neon type of lighting and kinda dark inside style. The staff were all friendly and you can tell that locals come here to it's gotta be good (at least that's what I like to think).
This place is amazing and sucky all at once. I went once at 9AM and once again 5AM later the next morning. Don't order a chrorizo omlett, because there isn't one on the menu.
We came here for breakfast. The portions are HUGE!! Everything was delicious! Cooked to order and fresh. I would recommend splitting a plate!
The pepper mill was delicious. Huge portions, the pancakes are the best I've ever had and the chorizo and eggs were delicious.. . The pepper mill was delicious. Huge portions, the pancakes are the best I've ever had and the chorizo and eggs were delicious.
Open 24/7 for all menu items, breakfast, lunch, dinner, desserts and more!. . I have not dined at Peppermill in 14 years, it was time to get my ass back to check it out to see if it was just as good as I had remembered! I live in Las Vegas so I can and will be able to enjoy this Restaurant on a regular basis now. . . This Restaurant Rocks! A total Gem in Las Vegas as there is no place like it!. . The prices are fair considering the large portion of food you get. You are guaranteed to walk out stuffed so be hungry!. . The scoop on what we got!. . *All omelets are served with hash browns AND your choice of toast, english muffin, blueberry muffin, bran muffin or toasted bagel with cream cheese. . . Her-. Denver Omelet, 7 eggs at least, full of fresh diced ham, bell pepper and onion served with hashed browns, and choice of bread so I opted for a bagel with cream cheese. Even their own menu says "Huge omelets" and they are not joking! I was defeated for the first time in history in having to leave 1/3 of my omelet behind as that is a first! My omelet was cooked to perfection and so tasty, my tastebuds creamed in my mouth this meal was soooo good! $11.95. . *Whole sandwiches served with choice of potato salad, french fries, cottage cheese, onion rings or fruit cup. Sweet potato fries for $1.00 more. I think it is awesome they don't charge more for onion rings like most places do!. . Him-. Conquest sandwich w/onion rings. Combination of roast beef, cheddar cheese, tomato, sauteed peppers, onions, mushrooms, thousand island dressing and bacon served on a grilled Parmesan sourdough. $12.95. . Added salad for $2.95 and they have the best homemade ranch dressing I have ever had. I could drink a cup of it as it is that good!. . Added side of potato salad. $3.95. . Refills on our iced tea and soda were plentiful!. . During our meal a guy came over to our table and took a complimentary photo of us! A free 4x6 photo souvenir is a really nice touch as the photo was printed with the Peppermill background, soooo cute! . . We had a blast eating here, it was just a really fun experience all together! It looks like a night club on the inside, really fun!. . The Interior is dark and cozy! The service was good as well, they do take care of you!. . We will be back very soon! Can't wait!. . I am so happy I am a Vegas local who can enjoy this restaurant whenever I want!. . It was just as good as I remembered when I ate here 14 years ago with my family during our visit to Las Vegas. This was my boyfriend's first time eating here and he truly enjoyed his food and experience!
OMG FANTASTIC!! The French toast was soooooo gooood...I special ordered it with just bananas and strawberries, the idea of grapes and melon on French Toast didn't sit right with me. We ate there two days in a row. Both days we sat at the counter because the wait was 20-30+ minutes. They have giant coffee cups which was great - no waiting for refills. Atmosphere is great - old school neon and such. You can even have a cocktail with breakfast. Go it is work the wait.
I went to the Peppermill for my 21st bday, and got my first drink there.. . I purposefully went looking for somewhere to go for my 21st, and I loved all the photos of the outside and inside of the Peppermill. When I got there, I was not disappointed by its looks. Sure, some may think its too "vegas-y" or tacky but I really enjoyed the uniqueness.. . As for the food, the portions are large but finish-able, I had a pancake breakfast for dinner and my boyfriend had the fish and chips (curly fries) and we were both happy. I tried a mai tai and it was pretty big and delicious, though I can't compare it to other mai tai's as it was my first drink.. . The staff were very helpful, and we even got a free souvenir photo! . . If you're going to Vegas, I'd definitely stop by at least once (or twice). Also, LARGE parking lot!
A true Las Vegas classic and it took me about ten trips to Sin City to check this one off my list. Tucked away in the 'no man's land' north of Wynn/Encore and south of Riviera, this place is easy to miss unless you're up for a bit of a hike from mid-Strip or have a car at your disposal. My party started with the appetizer sampler platter which could've nearly stuffed the three of us in and of itself. Hand-dipped onion rings, bruschetta and fried mozzarella sticks that were obviously also hand-cut and hand-dipped. All with the requisite dipping accoutrements. So happy. Two of us had the giant pesto burger as an entree and as delicious as the medium-well (ordered medium so I'll order med-rare next time) beef patty on brioche was, I could only eat about half. Good thing I had a fridge in my hotel room as this made for a wonderful snack (even when cold) the next evening.. . The atmosphere is as many others say. Like a fully-blown Vegased out version of an all-American diner. Think Denny's with a neon problem. Just lovely and fits the Strip to a tee. Service was great the night we were there and beverage refills were quick and without having to ask.. . We stepped into the separate lounge next door to have a look before leaving and were simply awestruck. Why did we bother with the restaurant when we could have certainly ordered from a bar menu here and enjoyed giant frou-frou drinks while we waited. So that just whet my appetite for my next sojourn to Vegas.. . It's a timeless classic in a town that insists on constantly reinventing itself. Just go. It probably won't change or close anytime soon, but don't take any chances!
Old School Vegas at it's best.
I read about this place after google searching things to do in Vegas.  I've been here a few times, always under heavy influence of alcohol (so I don't know if the food is good sober).  I will tell you the staff is great, the drinks are stiff, the drunk people are always nice, and there is a fire place in the middle of the room in a fountain of water... Let's be honest, this place is 1970's and not evolving to anything else. A must do, the bad reviews are people expecting something else.  THIS IS A 1970'S VEGAS LOUNGE WITH A FIRE PLACE IN A FOUNTAIN THAT SERVES DRINKS TILL YOU PASS OUT IN THE BOOTH.  Enjoy.
LOVE IT LOVE IT!!!. . My favorite restaurant in Vegas.  off the strip between Encore and Circus Circus.  It is walking distance (not when your drunk).  Staff is awesome, friendly, and very attentive.  I like that the staff can dress in costume.  The last 2 times we went there one waitress was in a prom dress, the other time in a cocktail uniform. I can totally see this restaurant in San Francisco. Food is awesome, and the portions is beyond large. I ordered a salad and it was a giant bowl that looked like it belongs in the salad bar, and a sampler that filled all of us up where we could barely touch our dinner because we were so full.  Highly recommend this place.
What the say is true! PORTIONS ARE HUGE!! I mean like GINORMOUS!! But well worth it! . . Decor was very retro. It almost looked like it was a converted strip club at one point, but it works well as it has a diner-ish feel to it.. . We got a Lorraine Omelet and Corn Beef Hash. The omelet was bigger than the size of my face. I swear!! It was good cause it was nice and fluffy with the freshest ingredients. The hash browns OMG the hash browns were so crispy and good. I noticed they also add sweet onions to it cause some bites would be sweet. I finished the hash browns first before I finished my Omelette.. The Corn Beef Hash was sooo good as well. It was like happiness in my mouth! . . I tried the Bloody Mary and it was pretty good. I could taste the celery salt with the big celery they put inside it. But it was pretty tasty. =D. . Definitely a place to go back to without a doubt! =D
I didn't know about The Peppermill until my good friend Christine turned me on to its charms. Now I take all my out-of-town friends and family here. . . As others have said, the food is good, no matter what you order, and the portions are huge! The fruit plate, for instance, is large enough for 2 or more people. I love the ambiance of the neon lighting, the fake cherry trees, and the friendly staff. It's just so Vegas!  The cocktail waitresses wear these long, flowing black dresses and come into the restaurant from the lounge to take your drink orders. If you want to really get crazy with the drinks, order a Scorpion...it comes in a huge bowl with straws and is meant to be shared! You gotta see it to believe it! I shared one with my nephew and his wife and it was amazing. . . The Fireside Lounge is a trip all by itself. It looks to me like something out of the 1970's: shag carpeting, and a main sunken seating area around a flaming fountain. There are video screens everywhere showing music videos.  I have come here numerous times on dates, with friends, after photo shoots, etc. Just kicked back and had a drink (or two or three) and ordered appetizers. Again, love those friendly, attentive cocktail waitresses dressed in classy black! . . So if you want to have a good meal, or just a drink, stop by one of the best-kept local secrets in town...The Peppermill!
AWWWWESOOOOMMMEEEE!!!!!! Hot waitresses, great atmosphere, great decor, food ROCKS! So glad we found out about this place. Ate here after a long night at EDC. Boom!
I can't believe I've been to Vegas a thousand times and have never eaten at Peppermill...I could kick myself. This place has good food, huge portions, and great prices. After hitting up the club all night/morning my boyfriend and I were starving and were willing to settle for a Denny's but our cab driver decided to drop us off at Peppermill because he said the food and atmosphere is better...thank you Mr. Cabbie! . . The place is big, very neon, has a full bar, they take pictures at your booth/table, and the service is friendly. I ordered the Turkey Club Sandwich and it was DELISH!!! Huge portion and plenty of fries. I couldn't finish it all. My bf ordered the Nachos and he was about to order the large size when the waitress advised him to go with the small because it was pretty big. OMG...as the nachos approached the table everyone surrounding us had their jaws wide and I'm sure I saw some drool hit the floor. The small order was BIG and piled high with cheese, chicken, beef, beans, sour cream, salsa...it was too perfect. I tried helping him polish them off but we barely made a dent.. . I'm a fan of this restaurant...I would come here anytime :D
Go to the Peppermill!. . This is the swankiest bar I've ever been inside.  . . It is on the strip.  . . It is old vegas.  . . The outside looks like a fast food restaurant.  . . Go inside.  . Go to the fireside lounge:  Retro, seedy, red, fire, and still cool and smooth.  . . Tubbs and Crocket would drink here.  . You'll want to see a wafer-thin model with a cocaine addiction pouring her legs out of a car in the parking lot.
Omigod, I don't know how we managed to miss this place in the 9 or so years we've been in Vegas!  I'd heard about it forever, but finally went after a performance of La Cage aux Folles at the Smith Center ran a lot longer than we expected.  It was late, we were very hungry, and I figured they'd be open.. . I was unprepared for all the neon.  But I LOVE neon, so this place had my kind of vibe.  It took a long time to slog through the big menu, but as we were looking I was also noticing the size of the portions passing by, so we decided to share an omelet, with hash browns and a toasted bagel.. . The omelet was gargantuan, and when I asked our waitress how many eggs it had, she said "about 10."  That meant four eggs for me, since I always make sure hubby has a bigger portion.  That's usually my quota for six months.  I've never been a big fan of home fries, but these were the bomb;  I just couldn't stop eating them.  My only nit was the bagel, which was barely toasted, but I think even more toasting couldn't have saved it.  You can't pass off this thing with a whole to a New Yorker and really get away with it.  It looked like a bagel, but didn't quack like one.. . We didn't have drinks, but had a good time looking at the mammoth drink being shared at the table next to us.  Next time we will indulge, either in the restaurant, or in the lounge, which I made sure to check out before we left.  Spectacular!, and I can't wait to try it.. . This all took place the night before I was to leave for Jersey for an extended period.  The next night, friends were arriving from the East Coast, and where did hubby take them?  You guessed righ.  And that couple liked it so much that all three of them went back the next night, too.   With all that food, I hope I'll recognize my husband by the time I get back!. . Peppermill is the closest thing to our beloved East Coast Greek diners, but in true Vegas style, glitzier, bigger, brighter, and over the top.  In a good way.
I'm going to be very forgiving of some service issues because the food was just that good.  Our waitress seemed overwhelmed and got 3 aspects of our order messed up, but in the end it all got to our table and was phenomenal.  The omelets are the size of a half-football, which we noticed while being seated, so two of us split one (good choice) and still had some left over after stuffing ourselves.  We will absolutely go back next time we're in Vegas
What a gem! Be sure to grab a cocktail in the lounge, that is the best part!
This place is AWESOME! Recommend the fruit place w/sherbet. The Mello cream is fantastic. The steak salad was delicious, I'm going to be craving it till my next visit to LV!
Best place to eat in Vegas the morning after.  Enormous portions ("huge" doesn't do them justice, they're so big), decent prices and a cool 80s-ish lightingscheme plays up the Vegas experience while hungover.  Fireside lounge is pretty awesome; I'd suggest having a drink or two with a small group around the fire.  The ambiance is amazing.  It's different than what you'll find in the rest of sin city.  Everything from the food to the coffee to the rainbow sugar sprinkles are fantastic.  Check it out before you leave town for home; your friends will be impressed that you know of such a "local" spot and you won't be disappointed.  Been coming here for years and plan to continue!  Perfect way to wrap up a weekend in Vegas.  Also, be sure to order breakfast.  Always the best.
Always enjoy my visits to Vegas with a stop at Peppermill. Food is always good and plentiful and service has always been good. We love the breakfast here.
Oh! When I am sitting at home in New England, the Peppermill is what I dream of. Here's the deal.....the food is straight up Denny's. Only there is a TON of it. But who cares....toast your toes 'round the awesome water feature/gas jet in the Fireside Lounge. Order a giant Blue Hawaiian and admire the server's slinky, thigh-high slit evening gown. Zone out on the weird music videos on the little TV's.  Be hilarious and put three straws together to sip on someone's wacky drink across the way. And lighten up. This place is the last of a dying breed. The world today needs way more fake trees, mirrors, and awesome neon lighting.
This is a must see, must do Vegas bar if you're into the history of Las Vegas. Drinks aren't outrageously priced as they are everywhere else on the strip and you can't beat the vibe in here.  A scene with DeNiro and Sharon Stone was filmed in the Fireside Lounge in the movie Casino...go for that reason alone!
Do not miss this place if you are looking for great food for breakfast or lunch.  The long may look long, but it moves very fast.  Service is great and the portions are huge.
If you come to Vegas, you gotta come to this place for brunch after a long night out on the town.  It is just so goddamn cool, it is ridiculous.. . This is a restaurant that looks like a strip club on the inside.  Neon pink and blue lights everywhere and a lounge that makes you feel like you are in the heart of Dirty Vegas.  Fireside Lounge looks absolutely incredible.  I will be back!. . I had a simple breakfast platter which was extremely filling and the portions were generous.  Having a separate cocktail waitress come around and offer you alcohol at 10 am was interesting too.  Not bad at all.. . I will be making it back here on future Vegas adventures.  No doubt.
LOVE LOVE LOVE the Peppermill...ANYTIME I go to Vegas, HAVE to go their for breakfast!!! The portions are HUGE, the place is SUPER clean, ALWAYS crowded and the waitress's have all been working there 8 yrs or longer...Good to see that they are good at their job and they like what they do!. Food is excellent....staff is wonderful..no need to say more, just GO EAT THERE!
Big portions. Lots of choices on the menu. Decent value too. Breakfast served all day. Beers are 5.50 or do , so not cheap especially compared to casinos. The neon lights does give a bit of strip club atmosphere but its bright enough to see and eat and it's actually a cool atmosphere..  .  Only downside was the leather booths made my butt sweat! And some of the booths make for oddly arranged seating.
Love their breakfasts!!
Absolutely delicious! And the portions are big enough for 2 people! My fiance and I visited the Peppermill on our trip to Las Vegas via a recommendation from one of my good friends. It was not on the strip, so I was a little unsure about heading there at first, but it is more than worth it. We were there for breakfast and the omelets were huge! The menu is pretty extensive, mostly basic dinner food, but something for everyone. I am a lover of breakfast to begin with, but I was over the moon about this place. Did I mention their sugar is colored? At first glance, it almost looks like glitter! LOVE! The service was quick and everyone was friendly. The waitresses wear uniforms that go along with the ambiance of the place: Vegas meets townie dinner meets flamingos...very neat little place that I would have never found if it weren't for a friend who visits her family. I will definitely be returning for another breakfast or two on our next trip to Vegas! Go and get an omelet, you won't be disappointed!
This place is just THE BEST,. A very old well kept tradition and very Vegas.. Large portions, kitchy kool wait staff always a great meal at a reasonable price... Beats the buffets hands down.. no contest. Fireside is great too!
Order the scorpion on the rocks or with ice cream. You wont be sorry. Don't forget to go back to the Fireside Lounge for an after breakfast cocktail.
Fireside lounge is the affordable, best lounge you have!. . Great food, even their French fries tasted yummy... Onion rings, brushetta, chicken wings, nachos (order them with low cheese, they are very generous to pour a pound of cheese)... Love the seating arrangements, Quick service, good looking waitresses ;-)
This is exactly what I picture when I think of Vegas. We drank cocktails by a fire while extremely hungover, then ate our body weight in grease and fried pork served by ladies in nylons and polyester until we felt human again. . . Get the Munch's Breakfast with a side of bacon.  Share it with a friend.  Regain a little dignity. . . According to our shuttle driver, "Denny's is like kissing your brother, Peppermill is like kissing your lover."  Verdict is still out on that one, but.... . Bottom Line: I'll see you next time Peppermill.
Awesome diner with an upbeat vibe.  Food is served in huge portions and can always be shared.
My boyfriend and I heard so much good about this place before going to Vegas so we had to try it. We were happily IMPRESSED!. Great food, awesome service, fast, and the atmosphere was one of a kind.. We went here for breakfast and let me tell you, we were STUFFED by the time we left. They give very big portions of food. I got an omelette with hashbrowns and toast, he got country fried steak, with hashbrowns and toast as well. Neither of us could finish our meals. . Our waitress was very quick and polite. The place was just fun to be at. They came and took our picture once we were finished eating and gave it to us as a souvenir (we liked that a lot). They also serve very big and delicious mimosas.. If you're in Vegas, TRY THIS PLACE! You will love it! :)
Stars for decor, good food, reasonable prices, nice waitresses.. . I had a pretty nice experience - it was our New Year's choice :). I've heard salutes from all hotels all over Vegas - came out to see and shout with everybody for a while. Later came back and continued our party :) . Appreciated food and alcohol beverages. First was fresh, professionally made, big portions, delicious! Second - lil bit overpriced, but it's New Year's night - who's not trying to make money, right? :)
Great pastrami sandwich on the way back to my hotel.  Very friendly staff!
Every dish's amount is huge! Sometimes 2 friends can share one dish. Taste good, service excellent and worth well. Need to wait normally.
What don't I love about this place. The decor looks like you stepped into Elton John's living room (as if I know..haha). Every time I've eaten there the waitress's have always been very attentive, Oh and they aren't bad looking. The prices may seem a little high at first, but when you see the portion sizes, the prices are reasonable.
Peppermill is by far my favorite place in vegas!!!! I love that they are true to who they are and haven't changed their decor to look more modern. I love the atmosphere and the portions are huge!!! Being open 24/7 is a plus too. Nothing like a huge quesadilla at 3am after drinking lol. The staff is sooo friendly too. I stop here every time I go through vegas
I'm obsessed with their lounge area.
This place is A-OK. We only stopped by briefly for a drink at the bar but I loved this place! It reminds me of a New Jersey diner. It brought me right back home. . . There's fire pits and these pretty water fountains. An average but cool bar. . . We ordered two drinks from their custom menu. I had their Godiva martini--It's to die for! and my husband had a guy drink.. . We will return late night again to check out their food because I heard MANY good things :)
I love this place. Went here with my bf and we ordered the "small" nachos and they were huge. We both couldn't finish them. We go in the lounge and enjoy a seat by the fire. The lounge is kind of an older crowd but on date night it doesn't matter. I think the drinks range around $7. Get the Scorpion! It's $20, but worth it!!! The service is sometimes on the slow side in the lounge, but I love this place and would go back!!!
I never visit Vegas without coming here to drink in their waiting lounge and eat the peanuts in a baby jar on the table! I usually order biscuits and gravy and of course cocktails with breakfast because it's VEGAS!  The Peppermill is my legendary spot to eat and I will go out of my way to eat here. I don't mind the wait because I go into the back lounge and drink until my table is ready.  ((HUGS)) to my fav place to eat.
Walking into the Peppermill is a throwback to old vegas.  Its where you could invision Sammy Davis Jr or old Blue Eyes to be hanging out for breakfast or a late night snack.  Peppermill is away from the hussle and bussle of the mega resorts but sits conveniently next to the Riviera Hotel with its own easy access parking lot right off the strip.  I came here with a friend's suggestion for breakfast and it was a refreshing change from the overpriced, small portioned offerings in the touristy casinos.  . . Peppermill has HUGE portions, I ordered the pancake combo for $12.99 which consisted of 3 pancakes as large as a dinner plate, 3 eggs, 2 bacon and 2 sausage.  Not only is this a great value price wise, but the portions are probably double of what you would get elsewhere.  My friend got the chicken and spinach omlete made from 10 eggs!  It was a monster of a dish and delicious at that.  The customers seemed to be a mix of vegas locals and tourists but the vibe was comfortable and inviting.  Service was excellent and attentive.  Would definitely come here again next time I'm in vegas.  Oh, forgot to mention they are 24 hours and offer a full bar, nice!
Good food, great service and huge portion. Highly recommended
Man, this is the second time I've been to pepper mill and the first time was a blur since I was a bit hammered, but the second time was a bit amazing.. . Now one thing with the peppermill, is you may have to wait, but don't worry, you can make the most of your time by either playing at the slots they have or just chilling and having a mimosa in their fireside lounge. The fireside lounge has this 70s strip club kind of feel with its decor of red and dim lights. They have a multitude of drinks to choose from and you can go old school and get a White Russian or zombie. . . Finally when you get seated, they have both a regular menu, but really is more famous is there breakfast menu. By the way, this is as good as any Vegas buffet, because their portions are insane and much tastier. Had the Maserati omelette and I was in heaven. How often can you have italian with breakfast? I wanted to eat more but I was so full. Sometimes wish I was a fatty so u could of eaten it all. Can't beat italian sausage with eggs covered with a tangy pasta red sauce. Delicious! Can't wait to go again!
I don't come to the Peppermill for the food...I bring my family and friends to the Peppermill because of the Fireside Lounge. Old School VEGAS at it's finest. Like a through back to the Rat Pack Days. Awesome atmosphere and the best late night spot to unwind and take in the Vegas Vibe. A must for any couple or group of friends to check out whenever you're in Vegas. Can't wait to go back again.
It was another trip to The Peppermill, where with Diane and friends I enjoyed good scratch-made chicken-filled Chicken Noodle Soup and a giant Philly Cheesesteak  with grilled onions, green peppers, three thick bright red tomato slices, and diced and sliced hot beef bathed with melted Provolone Cheese inside a soft Steak Roll.  All was fresh and delicious with a very tasty cool dill-based Potato Salad.  I also saw the largest Chicken Parmesan of my life, one with oodles of pasta and two massive patties of saucy and cheesy boneless chicken that I could never down in one sitting.  And neither could my friend!. . Once again Diane and I finished our dinner with a Colossal Hot Fudge Sundae with great gobs of warm Sweet Hot Fudge.  This time our dessert had no cherries or chocolate chips on top, but we were given a cup filled with about 2 ounces of peanut pieces, and of course I poured all of its contents on top of our sundae, which was filled with more scoops of French Vanilla Ice Cream than I cared to count.. . Comfort food at its finest!
For the past 15 years, every trip I make to Vegas (and there have been many) I always stop in Peppermill Lounge for a drink. Maybe it's nostalgia - not sure, but I love this place. . . The lounge has firesides, usually cheesy music videos on the TV, pretty girls in long black dresses and stiff drinks. . . Breakfast at 4 am or drinks at 2pm - I enjoy the Peppermill and it's definitely always a part of my Vegas itinerary.
Breakfast here is as good as it gets, except for the wait!  They are organized and efficient, just have a lot of customers.. . We scored two seats at the counter during our wait and realized that our seating included a "free" floor show .  Watching the kitchen cooks, expediter and servers was a course in discipline, control and efficiency.  It was a beautiful thing to watch.. . My three eggs, cooked as ordered on a mound of delicious crisp homemade corned beef hash and a huge fresh bagel with cream cheese and strawberry jam was outstanding.  My wife's platter included eggs along with bacon, sausage, and French toast.  It's so good to be married to a slim women;  I helped finish everything and it was all to die for!. . This is the Hash House A Go- Go (which I loved on previous visits & will return) without some of the showmanship.. . If you want breakfast go to Denny's.  If you want a fabulous memorable breakfast make the Peppermill a must visit.
Great BLTA!!!!!. And ask for BBQ sauce for your fries... It is better than catsup!! . Overall a FUN Vegas Spot!
I always come here super late night when I'm in Vegas and i love it!! The food is SO good all of it! I have never had anything i was unhappy with. The menu is large there are so many options. I love the vibe of the place as well and the bar in the back is my favorite. The little seating areas are SO cool totally 80's and I love it! The fire pit in the water is a Nice place to sit at and snack after a long night of partying or working. Defiantly a locals spot and worth going to.
My wife and I ate here every morning we were in Las Vegas. Be aware, their omelets are made from 7-10 eggs. If you get one, plan to share! Excellent food, pleasent atmosphere (themed).
What can I say? I have NEVER had a bad meal here. I have NEVER experienced bad service here. There is always interesting people to watch. And equally entertaining stories to overhear. Since we're locals we visit Peppermill a few times a month and we always feel comfy & at home, not surrounded by tourists like at other strip restaurants. Everything is good here...the ranch dressing is the very best ever. The corn beef hash & eggs is probably my favorite thing to order and the hot fudge sundae & banana split never disappoints. This place is perfection and we usually choose it over pretty much anything. The menu can satisfy anyone no matter what you're in the mood for. And the food is better than any plush hotel cafe out there...you just can't get better than Peppermill. Any time of day or night it's just...perfect.
There was a 15 minute wait to be seated. Once we sat down it took about 5 minutes to get our order. The food was yummmy! You should try this place.
Simply put, I've been dining here for 25 years and have always had a great experience.
Amazing service, wonderful coffee, great steak & eggs, and the world's best bloody mary!!!! Will definitely return when we are in Vegas again.
I've lived in Las Vegas 35 years. The Peppermill is a classic place, actually timeless. Whenever I have guests from out of town I love to take them here. The portions are big and the prices are reasonable. I highly recommend it.
I might just move to Vegas so I can go to the Peppermill everyday. How do you not love a place with neon and firepits and hanging silk flowers from the ceiling? Oh... and rainbow sugar! The breakfast rocks. We had some egg,sausage,spinach,hashbrown,cheese sauce concoction... something San Francisco.  And the French Toast plate. Total yumminess. Hell the food coulda sucked and I would still love this place!! 10 a.m and waitresses in flowing black satin cocktail dresses. I want to live here. Anthony Bourdain, thank you for turning me on to this place!! I cannot wait to come here at 3 am.!!
Had another great experience here.  Food was amazing and the service was stellar this time.
Brief: BIG portions, yummy food.. . Ordered pancake breakfast... The pancake was twice the size of my head!. I'd recommend ordering something you have as leftovers because that'll probably be the case.
I have never had a bad meal here.  Stay in Vegas once a month am always find time to drop in.  Big portions good food and great service!
It's been 32 years since I've been here and it hasn't changed. Even the uniforms are the same albeit different colors. Excellent as expected. Great job, Peppermill! Thx
This place is awesome.  Whether your going to the lounge for an old time favorite drink or whether you arehaving breakfast in the diner portion.  I had a grasshopper the night we went and it was pretty yummy!  If your in Vegas this is a must do!  So glad some friends took us here, this will be a spot we will be sure not to miss next time we are in town.
I always make sure to eat here whenever we're in Vegas. Portions are massive and it helps battle the hangover! Get the french toast ambrosia- you'll thank me.
The Peppermill is my favorite vegas spot! Great food at a great price and an awesome lounge area with an awesome fire pit! I've always had good service and an overall great experience here! I always recommend it to anyone traveling to Vegas!
My wife and I were in Las Vegas last week. On Sunday 21 July 2013, we were coming out of the Riviera casino (show "Illusions") and used the Yelp app on my phone to find a place to eat. Because of the reviews on Yelp, we decided to try the Peppermill Restaurant located next to the casino.. . The reviews were right. The place is very unique with lots of neon lights and spacious tables. The food was great and the portions too big to finish. Service was great and prices very reasonable. It was later at night but the place was still very busy but we did not have to wait. If you are looking for a fun dining experience in a diner type restaurant, I highly recommend this place.
Came with a family of seven at about 2 am and everyone got something different. Pretty much everything was solid especially the pastrami sandwich and waffles. The coffee was huge! Our waitress was friendly and helpful.  Ordered the banana split for dessert and it was the size of a small sailboat!!! Highly recomend if u are looking for a comforting meal and a good value.
This place is just awesome! I love a vintage type diner. I had the Western fruit plate and it hit the spot after eating out all week. Fireside lounge looked awesome too. You have to go here if your in Vegas. Of course they have huge portions, great food and prices.
My FAVORITE bar in Vegas! I insist on coming here EVERY time I come to Sin City for at least one Scorpion (always on the rocks) to help kick the party into high gear. . . Solid food here too!
The Conquest! Also, portions are huge. Share. This was a great place to eat. Also serves breakfast all day. Expect a wait. Always busy, but worth it.
I've been here every time I've been in Vegas. Usually after a long night of unspeakable behavior, my group of hooligans and I end up here at around 5 or 6 am for food.. . One time we ate with two local strippers. Good times, great food. Benedict is awesome.
I've never been here until my boyfriend took me here for my 21st birthday. The place is pretty big. Once you walk into this place, the restaurant is to your right and the bar lounge is to your left, just gotta walk through the doors. I love the theme. I can't really put my finger on what it is but it's nice. . . The ladies dress in cute dresses walking around in the bar/lounge area. And their most famous thing in the bar/lounge area is of course the fire pit. Oh, and I suggest everybody to try the Scorpion. It's good.. . The restaurant serves huge portions of food. A group of 3 or 4 people could order just their nachos and share the whole thing. All of their food is good. . . Oh and just so I don't forget they have a photographer walking around taking pictures at every table at the restaurant and the bar/lounge area.
This place is a definite MUST for everyone! I've been hearing about it for a few years now but I thought it would be too packed to even try it, I guess I was feeling pretty brave a couple months ago so me & a friend decided to give it a shot.....it was awesome!!! Not packed (but it was a Monday) & delicious!!! The portions are huge & I love the decor, it's old, tacky Vegas but in a good way! I've been there again since my initial visit & I loved it again, will definitely be one of my new traditions every time I visit. The only negative is that the waitresses were just ok, they could stand to be a little nicer.
Vegas kitsch with great diner food!
Service was great, food was plentiful, atmosphere only a corny Las Vegas local could appreciate and does :). Thank you seriously considering having my next birthday party here.
This place is a must try. Retro neon diner meets strip club atmosphere + mega portions + booze=Vegas in a nutshell. . . We ate here twice in 2 days because the menu is huge and we wanted to try so many things. The omelettes are gigantic and delicious and come with a side of crispy and hot hash browns. I also tried the French Toast Collage, served with a boat of maple syrup. Ive never seen such a large cup of coffee either. This ain't a cup, it's a pint glass with a handle.
Excellent! The best deal in Vegas! Good food, reasonable pricing - served up with a smile! Expect to wait for a table!
I went here for the first time in April.  We went to the fireside lounge and I immediately fell in love with the decor and ambiance of the fireside lounge.   Then I ordered food, and now, this place is a must visit whenever I go to Vegas.  So, when I was trying to find a place to hold my wedding reception, EVERYWHERE we thought of wanted a $5,000 minimum.  I had to keep it cheap.  I thought of Peppermill, but thought the place is too nice, it'll be just as pricey as the rest, if not pricier.  I was pleasantly surprised that I was wrong!!!!  They had a catering menu that topped ALL the other menus I had seen so far, they had steak, chicken, pasta, and salmon all on their $28/ plate catering menu.  They asked for no minimum and no pre-ordering.  So I didn't have to spend time asking people ahead of time if they want chicken or steak which was awesome, because planning even the smallest wedding on your own is hard!  I was in touch with a woman named Peggy Orth the entire time, and she made everything even EASIER!  She was pleasant to deal with, prompt in returning emails, and made a few excellent suggestions.  This is all leading up to my big day.   So the day comes.  They had to wait for people to clear out to make room for my 80+ guests.  All of us went to wait in the fireside lounge, and EVERYBODY loved the lounge as much as I did.  Our tables were all ready in about 10 minutes.  Our food was delicious, and it came quick, especially for not having pre-ordered.  The staff made sure my husband and I had our own "wedding" table and made us feel like royalty.  Peggy did an excellent job, i would loved to have met her, but she wasn't working that day.  And that goes to show what a great manager she must be, because she's obviously very organized a good at what she does to set up a party of 80 people and have it go off without a hitch when she's not even there.. Peppermill is on my official list of All-time favorite places in the world!!!  Everyone from the wedding still talks about how awesome a choice the Peppermill was!!!
This place is amazing. They have a variety of different foods and not to mention their portions are pretty large!! Seriously, if you're going there with two you guys can most likely share an appetizer or entree :) the prices are decent considering the large portions. The staff is always friendly and waitresses are always bringing you drinks. I love this place because it's 24 hours and when I'm craving ribs or pasta at 11 pm I can always count on them haha :)
Great food. Nice service. Make sure you go very hungry, because besides being good food, is massive. Specially the omelets. . The decor looks like a strip club, but it didn't bother me, made me feel at home.
Love this place! The food is great. The portions are Hugh! The service is the best.
What the hell? Why can't we have diners like this in the Bay Area? The food was actually GOOD. The best way to test the grossness factor in a restaurant is to order a side of fruit. Diners set a really low bar--as if being greasy and gross is a badge of honor. Imagine my surprise when my side of fruit came out not waterlogged and discolored, but fantastically prepared, fresh, colorful, and beautifully presented!! The strawberries tasted like they came out of a Beatles song. My main entree of country steak, eggs, and hash, was equally perfect. It's fucking cool inside here, as well. Retro neon signs and giant leafy plants decorate your 24 hour breakfast experience.. . Tip: Meals are huge and expensive, so splitting is the way to go.
One of my favorite places!  I come here at least once every time I'm in Vegas, I have been here about 5 times already this year!  I usually go to the lounge in the early morning hours where I enjoy an oatmeal cookie martini, and sometimes comfort food.  On my most recent trip I sat in the restaurant part and was very impressed with the food and portion sizes!  Next time I am going to try the breakfast, it looked amazing!
I took my baby boy here for his 27th birthday dinner since we had such a great experience on our last visit. He loves this restaurant and it is a real treat since it really is one of a kind.. . This restaurant has a fun atmosphere, great service, great food and always leaves you full and happy every time!. . We ordered fish and chips and southern fried steak which came with choice of bread and salad or soup. The both of these dishes were fantastic and he had to take half of his meal home as there must have been 2 pounds of curly fries with his fish and chips lol.. . I snuck away and informed the staff that we were celebrating a birthday so I picked out a dessert to present him with!. . I chose the THE ELEGANT BROWNIE, a yummy chocolate fudge brownie served steaming hot with a mound of creamy French vanilla ice cream, smothered in warm chocolate fudge sauce and layered with whipped cream and sprinkles.  This dessert was ridiculous good, that homemade brownie and combination of fudge and ice cream was insane orgasmic good! . . They came to the table with his dessert lit up with a candle and sang happy birthday and it was so much fun!. . Our experience is always stellar here and every time they always manage to top the last visit.
This was a bit more than we wanted to pay but well worth it. Honestly I would buy one omelet and split it next time .... Plenty for 2. Muffins were fluffy. Everything was elicits with HUGE PORTIONS. We waited 20 minutes but once in service was fast and friendly. Only Pepsi products. Maserati and Mediterranean omelets excellent.  Free picture nix but they get you with the bigger one (optional)
What hasn't been said about this place in the 1000 other reviews?. . Yes, their food portions really are that big. Yes, their food is amazing and reasonably-priced. And, yes, you can drink here at any time of day or night.. . I ordered the onion rings. Most places would give you a manageable portion size. Not here. In typical Vegas fashion, they gave me a trough of onion rings. And they weren't small onion rings. They were massive, breaded, greasy -- just perfect. I must have eaten 5 whole onions.. . I highly recommend The Peppermill.
The best breakfast in Vegas!  Every time we come to town it is a given that you can find us eating breakfast at the peppermill.
After my wedding on Saturday, we had an impromptu early dinner/mini-reception on the recommendation of my Dad who came here in the late 70's. . . I'm a big fan of classic places that have lots of nostalgia. This one fit the bill perfectly. The wife and I split a couple 64oz Scorpions while I had Munch's Breakfast and she had a BLT.  All 14 people there loved the food and nobody was able to eat their entire plate. . . We retired to the Lounge for a Mai Tai or two and had a great time. Best of all, my Dad said it was just how he remembered it from over 30 years ago. I'd return in a heartbeat.
This place is awesome huge portions fair prices and everything we had tasted great not to mention the cocktail waitresses are smoking hot
Fantastic! Yummo!! The best pancakes I've ever tasted! Long wait, but worth it! Decor is old school Vegas. Classic! Neon accents, plush half-circle booths, huge coffee cups, friendly staff, who are all coordinated in cute uniforms.
Great place! It's still decorated in that "old Vegas" style with neon and mirrors everywhere. Very cool looking place! The food is outstanding and they serve a full menu 24 hours a day. The portions are large and very filling. It's a decent value considering how much food you get here. I would definitely recommend not missing out on The Peppermill whenever you are in town!
Yeah this place is still Crazy Sexy Vegasy Cool! 40 years now! It's one of the very few free standing restaurants on LVBLVD.  . . Crazy: Faux plants and cherry blossom trees everywhere. They got Tiffany lamps with pink flamingos...what's even crazier that it's still shiny new. The place does not look dated. AT ALL. Oh and not one speck of dust or dirt. The whole place is pristine. They've got someone assigned to sweep the carpet even.. . Sexy: Waitresses still don the cute mini dress uniforms and the cocktail waitresses still wear long dresses with the high leg slits. Cozy circular purple velour booths. It all still looks like what I remember when I used to frequent the Peppermill lounges back in the day with my hot date aka Mr. B. . . Vegasy Cool: Disco day glo colors of purple, pink and teal. Just the whole late 70's early 80's era theme still preserved. Fun, showy and flashy. I love it!.  . Oh yeah the food: Everything on the menu, served 24/7! Darn it, they didnt preserve the 70's prices but at least the prices not as high like they charge at strip resorts.But not Denny's cheap either. Our meal came out to pretty much what we pay for two lunches,drinks and dessert $40 something  ..not bad at all.  Along with breakfast, they also have sandwiches, burgers, salads and pasta.. . My tradition was always ordering breakfast and a banana split late night! I still do. The serving portions are still ginormous.  2 scoops each of Vanilla, Chocolate and Strawberry ice cream. That's enough to share w/3 more people according to our server..  . Service: Great! Especially since it was fairly busy..  . We had a real pleasant time here and will most likely be back.
I  love this place for what it is!  Cheesy decor, good late night eats, drinks  and friendly service, and for me memories of trips to Vegas as a child where this was our breakfast spot before heading back to CA.  Our party of six arrived at about 11 on a Saturday night and were quickly seated.  I ordered the Eggs Benedict and while they weren't the most amazing version of Eggs Benedict I ever had they were tasty and with three eggs and hash browns included more then enough for one person.  I would highly recommend the Key Lime Pie Martini.  Delicious and tasted just like the desert with a graham cracker crust  rim.  A photographer came by and offered to take "free" pictures of our group with no obligation.  Of course to upgrade to a nice full size photo without the Peppermill logos all over turned into $10 but it was a nice memento of the evening and easily scanned and divided among six of us!
I was referred by a friend. Probably the best recommendation I've gotten for Vegas.. . The place is awesome. It's all booths. All the staff is constantly moving. . . The food is beyond delicious. I got the biscuits and gravy. The best I've ever had. I couldn't stop eating.  I didn't need to add anything to it. Flavor was perfect. The biscuits were perfectly soft. . The staff came back many times even though they were super busy. I will definitely be coming back on this trip and every trip in the future.. . . The wait wasn't bad, 15 minutes, honestly I'd wait as long as it took. Worth the wait for sure. They have slots and a lounge that you can hang out in until they call you.
First off I wanna warn my fellow Yelpers NOT TO PARK ON NORTH LOT, tow zone not by peppermill. Now for my review: I'm HUNGRY!!!! As im waiting looking around, everyones food looks so good and hefty portions. The food is SOOO GOOD!!! I got egg Benedict and 1 pancake, my hubby had the corned beef and hash. 1 OJ and water. Service is spot on. Decor is very colorful, even sugar is colorful. Will be my place to come for breakfast in Vegas for sure.  Bill was $37 and have left overs.
Liked the food and atmosphere here for food then drinks... Back lounge was really laid back and relaxing from the hustle of the strip. Awesome Vegas experience! Wish there was a Peppermill Portland!
Why oh why oh why don't we have one of these in Cali???? Screw Denny's. At the end of a drunken night, this hits the spot so good. The portions can feed an army and my friends and I were debating if the place used to a strip club with all the lights inside, but hey, its Vegas right??? Food was delish and our waiter was nice. I also really love the history behind the Peppermill, made me feel really special to be there. Gonna make this a regular spot when in Vegas.
I love this place! I found the food to be average diner fare but the restaurant itself along with the fireside lounge is just amazing fun!. . Food: as I said, average diner. The portions were big though and the food wasn't bad, it's just not the reason you come here really. Decent enough though. . . The main attraction is the restaurant decor itself. I LOVED IT! The restaurant is filled with cherry blossom trees all over the place with pretty branches of flowers hanging above you. Coupled with neon lights, this just makes a picturesque environment.. . The Fireside Lounge was AWESOME! It's a separate room from the restaurant in the back. Dim mood lighting with pinkness everywhere! Big comfy pink couches with the cherry blossom trees overhead as well. Wish I was able to stay and grab a drink but we just had breakfast... Haha I'll definitely be back to enjoy this lounge. There's also a fireplace pit surrounded by water. So cool!! . . This is a great place with all the Vegas flair. Kindy tacky, kinda over the top, super themed, but so fun! I recommend everyone checking it out!
I LOVED this place.  i went the first time by myself bc my hubby was working. walked from the Riviera where we currently where staying, first place i bumped into.  dont be deceived by the outside looks. it didnt look like much to me.  i was hungry so i just walked in to check it out.  it was PACKED.  i sat at the bar area immediately since those are first come first serve so it was nice and fast :).  the sizes are GIAGNORMEOUSSS!!!  (yes that's a word)  huge huge portions, if you share with a friend its best.  They are very friendly, great staff, great food, great work flow.  and my favorite is the sugar!!!!! ITS COLORFUL! i loved this place so much i came back the very next day with my hubby.  he loved it too.  we are coming here every time we are in vegas :)
You had better be VERY hungry when you go to the restaurant.  We took a couple of people with us, they did not believe us, and there was WAY TOO MUCH good food that we took home.  In season, the Fruit bowl is so amazing...
Came here late night a few nights ago and was really impressed. First of all they are open 24hrs which is awesome especially when you are partying all night. The place is really big and always pretty crowed which says something in itself. The staff is extremely friendly and very patient which is a plus. The food is great and they give you really big portions so come with an appetite. Overall the Peppermill was a great discovery for me and i would highly recommend it to any one looking for a late night or early morning eats.
These nice purveyors of American food and contributors to culture not only make a dynamite pastrami sandwich and great drinks---. . They stand up to the bastards at THE TOW TRUCK COMPANY who regularly victimize tourists and locals with their barely legal tow Trap operation!. . That alone is worth the full five stars.  Thanks guys and gals!
This is our go to spot since we don't have a huge appetite and don't want to splurge $40+ bucks on a pricey buffet.  This is the place to go if you want a good price, large portion & delicious meal.  Their omelettes have 10 eggs, so this gives you an idea as to how big a portion they serve.  My recommendation if you don't eat a lot, split it.  Also, if there's a waiting time go to the fireside lounge through the glass doors if you're 21+ as you can order cocktails while you wait and the waiting time won't seem so long.
Best breakfast in LV! . . I can't wait to get another one of those Bloody Mary's!
Everyone's eyes lit up when the food hit the table. Every plate was great. Drinks before in the lounge. Remember to take your hat off before entering lounge. The decor is right up there with the Madonna Inn.
this is for the fireside lounge.. great place to finish the night off or start it.  the appetizers were large portions and the well drinks were also great.  it has a old las Vegas feel to it
Great old Vegas favorite.  Big menu, large portions,tasty food, attentive service, retro surroundings equals five stars
great food we loved the atmosphere and the service that was provided. The only draw back was the wait time but then again I can really hold that against them with the great food that was served I now know why the wait was so long.
This is beyond my favorite restaurant here . I love the atmosphere the price is right my favorite meal is the steak and eggs .
One of the best restaurant "diner" lounge experiences.  Great food and service with a  velvety atmosphere.  French toast was amazing today!
Portions are large wether lunch or dinner. Service is very good.  Grab a drink around the fireplace in the bar to start.
