Wow amazing pastries. My husband and I stayed at the Aria for the first time. When we first arrived at Aria we walked by and HAD to buy something. The display case was clean and well stocked. I bought a butter croissant, and it was gone within minutes. (Adam helped me!) . . What is great about this place is that they are open until 12 am. And they are open fairly early as well. I seriously came here 2x a day to grab a bite to eat. I felt as if Aria didn't have many "fast" options for people on the go. I was in a bit of a time constraints because of the seminars I had to attend. By the end of my 3 day trip to Las Vegas.. I could not even look at a pastry. I ate 3 regular croissants, 2 chocolate, 1 chocolate muffin, 1 fruit salad and a cheese danish. The coffee had a bold taste.. just what I needed to get my day started.  Now about a week after my trip to Vegas, I am craving for the flaky crusts of pastries again.  Mmmmm... . One negative is the ham and cheese croissant that they offer in the morning. Ewww.. i didn't like it at all. It was way to cheesy. FYI, they only serve a limited menu in the morning, afternoon and dinner. . . One plus that made up for the gross ham and cheese croissant, was that my husband had forgotten his debit card at the register. He didn't realize it until about an hour after he left. He went back to the counter and they knew immediately what he was talking about. One of the staffers said that he turned it into security shortly after he left. So my husband then went to security.. and after some ID verification he had his debit card in hand. Wonderful eh?
Exchanging our humorous Christmas gag-gifts and packing our bags for the Christmas flight home we next checked out of our hotel and left our bags in the rental car while we decided to finish our vacation with some gaming, coffee, and dessert in the early afternoon at Aria.    Having already browsed the newest Jean-Philippe boutique multiple times during our visit and having tried the original at Bellagio in the past we were thrilled to note that as opposed to Bouchon, Jean Philippe was fully embracing the holiday theme.. . Having experienced the Nutella gelato and Tiramisu on past visits to Jean Philippe at the Bellagio I personally was wowed by the vastness of the new shop's selection - from cookies to candies to confections and ice cream everything looked excellent and given the length of the line we were given plenty of time to decide.  With the space at Aria including a dining area in addition to the vast shop my mother and sister made their suggestions and went to wait out a table - a successful bid that would land us a four-top overlooking the gaming floor only moments before we paid our bill.. . Browsing the selection and deciding on a dessert each, plus an enormous chocolate covered strawberry and a coffee the items were plated on clear plastic trays with the Chef's signature logo - a nice touch softening the blow of a $38 tab.  Splitting each item into fourths in order to design a miniature dessert tasting our selections would be a "gift wrapped" Carrot cake, a Nutella Brioche, a Snowman Tiramisu, and a Chocolate Bouche de Noel.  . . With each item a stunning example of Jean Philippe and team's handiwork I still think this is one of the best Tiramisu dishes to ever grace my palate and the Bouche was vastly superior to that at Bouchon Bakery just days before.  With the Carrot Cake loaded with a citrus toned cream cheese, raisins, and plenty of texture and the Nutella Brioche featuring the texture of a Croissant with easily two tablespoons of the Hazelnut filling within everything was divine, especially when paired with the subtly chocolate toned coffee.  A sweet ending to a wonderful trip - and my first Merry Christmas outside of the Buckeye State.
Decor: Cute with displays of drool inducing pastries/chocolates and etc.. . Service: Polite and efficient.. . Food: I ordered the gelato (strawberry and mango/passionfruit).. . Verdict: Yumtastic :-D
I have been here twice and the pastries were amazing - My mouth is always happy when I go here...His chocolate creations are orgasmic... If your looking for something sweet and don't mind spending a few dollars this is the perfect treat
They make amazing crepes like no other bakeries in Vegas!! Yum yum! Go for the chicken and spinach crepe (cant remember the exact name,but they have chicken and spinach and cheese in it,hmmmm :P), you will not regret!  . Also, they make amazing dessert, cheesecakes,cupcakes,fruitcakes..you name it. They all have excellent taste. . . Tip: You'd better be there 10 minutes earlier, otherwise you will have to queue there with the extreme patience.
My love affair with Jean Phillipe first started almost five years ago when I discovered the quaint little eatery in the back of the Bellagio.  My love affair with Aria began the minute I saw his name and plunged into obsession when I frequented this location.. . Some of the most delicious desserts out there as well as the most visually appealing, (you almost cry eating them).  My favorite is the sugar free fruit tart.  I also love the crepes and gelato.  . . My family and I bought several desserts one night and had a tasting feast.  I heard no complaints.
When you walk past one of these bakeries, you are overwhelmed by the endless amounts of goodies they have to offer...ice cream, chocolate, muffins, baked goods, cookies, pastries, etc etc. You honestly go on sugar overload just looking at the endless options. You don't know which way to turn or frankly to order. It makes you wish you had an endless amount of money (in which some do) to order one of everything and do a tasting. . . After what seems like an hour long decision, I order a snickers pastry. It's a dark chocolate shell with chocolate moose, caramel, and nuts inside. Phenomenal. A perfect blend of all four flavors. Now that I am thinking about this decant dessert, it makes me wonder if they ship. Ummmm????
Beautiful bakery.. Addicting sweets.. Delicious pastries.. Delectable eats.. Luscious gelato.. Decent prices (for the LV STRIP). . Two words: ALMOND CROISSANT!!!. . I love this place... it's stunning to the eyes and mind-twisting delicious for your taste buds and stomach. The only complaint was it was "conveniently" located right next to the guest elevators, so we passed by here about 5 times a day... So I ate here about 3 out of 5 of those times :)
F-A-B-U-L-O-U-S Nutella brioche!  I've been to Jean Philippe each time I've visited Vegas, and intend on making my way through the pastry menu. Thank goodness Las Vegas resorts have amazing workout facilities... the treadmill beckons after a trip to Jean Philippe Patisserie!
Everything about this Jean Philippe Patisserie in the Aria is AWESOME!. . I came in to look for macarons, and walked out with:. . Raspberry Rose Macaron ($6.00) - a 2.5-3" diameter hot pink macaron with an ever so lightly rose cream and perfect fresh raspberries in the center.  A candied rose petal topped it.  This was like a Paulette rose macaron on its wedding day -AMAZING!!. . Triple Chocolate ($6.50) - buttery and slightly salty toffee bottom crust, chocolate ganache, chocolate cream and vanilla cream layers, covered in a rich chocolate mousse, 1/2 enrobed with ganache, and topped with a ganache filled pistachio macaron.  With a roll of fudge on top, and a band of chocolate around it.  Omg, amazing!. . Everything was mildly sweet, and the macarons were moist in the middle, with a perfect crust.. . Each desert was packaged in its own mini cake box so perfectly - and service was gracious and fast.  My friend also got a scoop each of the pistachio and Oreo gelatos, and they were super yummy!. . Jean Philippe, I think my good friend Paulette would eat you up.....I know I did!.  = P
If you are looking for sweets in Vegas, your search will end with Jean Phillipe's Patisserie.  . . Not only are the items in the bakery beautiful to look at, but they're also delicious.  Their creme brulee gelato is absolutely delicious, their "souffle" is a custard filled crepe and it's the best crepe I've ever had, and their cakes are amazingly rich.. . I prefer their location in Aria to their location in Bellagio because it is bigger and because they have a lot more seating available.  If you plan to eat there, then come here for eating and go to Bellagio to take a picture of the famous chocolate fountain.. . I've been to dozens and dozens of sweets places and this ranks as one of my favorite places for sweets.  It's that good.  As I go to display case from display case, I feel like a kid at a toy store.  If you love sweets, then this place is a must-visit.
I have wanted to try this place the last couple of times that I have been to the Aria Hotel, but I just did not have the time to stop and get a few things.. . . So, today was the day I decided to check this place out.  As I walked in, the deserts were so beautifully presented that I just had to stop and drool.. . So, finally after 10 minutes of carefully checking out each item, I decided to get the vanilla flan, tutti fruiti, chocolate intense, coconut macaroon and chocolate, coconut macaroon.. . The vanilla flan was awesome, the vanilla flavor was intense and delicious.  The tutti fruitti is fiiled with a lemon mousse and topped with strawberries......very light and super tasty.  The chocolate intense is a chocoate covered chocolatemousse, topped with a chocolate macaroon....sooooo yummy.. . Bottom line, if you enjoy awesome sweets, you must check this place out.
This chocolate heaven at the Aria hotel just makes me so happy. As soon as i saw those chocolate flowers on the wall http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=zqVvDm_-ikgvhPMZrUK3Lg, i was giddy!. There was the gelato bar with a great variety of flavors: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=7K-QKzgV0XdrlZOX9aMRng, a crepe station, sandwiches, cakes galore, pastries, chocolates and lots of fun and cute stuff - from wedding cake favors http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=wzlynGBt9AZbLQevhF8jjg to Thrilla. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=ZRq2lJn-JoOHLqUOZNYQVg. It was almost impossible to pick which cake i wanted. We settled on triple chocolate cake (so decadent!) topped with a fab macaron. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P3Jnl4QyXymwdnWpzifrmg?select=HfgazxGFRJ6nZO2MXGcNsQ. We also shared a tasty crepe: rich and very indulgent. Loved it! . . One thing i didn't love was when I asked a worker if they sold individual macarons and the guy said yes and pointed me to the coconut macaroons. I was even more annoyed when I saw labels for the rose macaron cake say macaroon. However the prepacked macarons were labeled "French macarons".  Anthony N pointed it out to me that macaroon is the English translation for macaron; but seriously at Jean Philippe I would like to see it labeled Macaron, especially when they ALSO sell macarooooons. It's like a prestigious french restaurant having "fat liver" on their menu instead of foie gras. Luckily my annoyance quickly dissipated when i took a bite of that triple chocolate cake!!!
Why did I wait so long to write a review for this place?! Just came here again last night... It's crepe heaven! I don't know how many times I've been here but I keep coming back for that delicious, mouth watering chocolate crepe drizzled with chocolate sauce and topped with brownie pieces and whip cream..yummy in my tummy! The crepe itself is perfectly done right, not too soft and not over done. If you dont live near the strip and you are craving for a nice and satisfying dessert, def stop by here. It's worth the drive. Do prepare to spend some money because it does not come cheap. Nine bucks for this delicious crepe and if you want water w it, be prepared to pay 5 bucks for a small bottle of Aria water. The good thing is the portion is pretty decent. Seriously though, hands down best dessert crepe in town.. . FYI: if you are planning on getting crepe, just head straight to the register and do not mind the line of people trying to get some gelato. And if they give you crap about 'cutting' in line tell them to piss off and point at the sign saying 'Please order crepe at register' . I was told I didnt have to stand in that line if I wasn't planning on getting gelato.
Yummy!!!! We got breakfast here everyday while staying at Aria in Vegas. Their vanilla sugar crepe us delicious. Add a scoop of gelato and it's perfect!
This. Place. Is. AMAZING!!! I couldn't find the listing for the one in Aria, so am commenting here but wow there is something for everyone here. If the breakfast buffet isn't for you, the breakfast options here are SO good.. . Veggie Quiche - Amazingly flavorful. Portion is very filling. . Nutella Brioche - One of the best things I've ever eaten. Looks like a fluffy piece of bread and when bitten into it oozes the most delicious nutella ever. . . Other good things to try - . Breakfast Sandwich. Ham and Cheese Croissant (yum!). Apple Cinnamon Muffin
Dear Mr. Jean Philippe Maury, you are a genius!  Seriously, can you please set up a patisserie in my house???  I would be FOREVER grateful.  I would also probably be well over 500 lbs :x.  But!  I would always have my sweet-tooth cravings settled because of you!. . The Nutella Brioche is pure HEAVEN.  Sweet brioche bread (about the size of a tall cupcake) with Nutella in the middle.  And not just a smidge of Nutella either - more like a globful of Nutella!  It was pure decadence in my mouth.. . Mascarpone truffles.  Need I say more??!  So rich, creamy, and indulgent.  Just the right combination of sweetened mascarpone cheese filling and fruit filling.  We bought each flavor.  I can't recall all of the fruit flavors, but there was raspberry, orange, blueberry, and lemon to name a few.. . Other must-try chocolates are the orange marzipan, the crispy chocolate, and the tiramisu.  I think those flavors are square-shaped, unlike the mascarpone truffles.. . Also, try the World Champion Cookies.  They come in a box of 8 cookies and may be dubbed "Praline cookies".  They are rich in hazelnut flavor and topped with milk chocolate - yummy!. . J.P.P. also has a good selection of gelato as well as decadent pastries and desserts.  Even if you don't like desserts, just check the place out for the culinary artistry.  It is over-the-top eye candy!. . I will for sure be coming back!
I'm in HEAVEN!!!!!. . The most delicious pastry shop I have ever been too! They had so much to choose from ranging from sweet to savory!. . We stayed at the Aria Hotel for 3 nights and you best believe we got a little treat from here everyday. We even brought some home with us.. . The Nutella Brioche and Dulce De Leche Brioche were FANTASTIC!. . The Key Lime Tart was amazingly good as well.. . Even the salads and gourmet sandwiches they make are great!. . Mmmmm.....my sweet tooth craving is kicking in!
I always make this a MUST stop during my trip and I have been known to come here more than once on the same day.. . Everything is great about this place. . Sure it's a little pricey but it's not Dunkin Donuts. . . I especially love the Tiramisu and their delicious Hot Chocolate!. Now with their second location there are 2 reasons to visit Vegas again! YAY!
Anyone with a sweet tooth should come here! We loved the food here. We came here for breakfast and had:. . Chocolate croissant. Chocolate crepe. Hazelnut crepe. Dulce de leche crepe. . They were all wonderful. Just know that everything is really rich and filling, so you won't feel like eating anything sweet for the rest of the day, lol. The staff are really nice and keep the long line moving along pretty quickly.
ask me if i care if this place is overpriced? i don't. it's vegas. expect it. i'm so glad JPP was right next to the guest elevators. it was super conv. for me. and they didn't close til midnight. the dessert selection is endless! see the pics i uploaded. i tried a savory crepe and it was ehhhh. a bit gross. but whatever. i'm such a sweets person, idk why i didn't order a dessert crepe. drunk much? maybe. haha. anyway, i though the latte's i ordered every morning were spectacular. it totally healed me from my hangovers. lol. anyway, i can't wait to come back and stuff my face with more desserts! btw, most of the workers there were really friendly. it's possible they started remembering my face with my 2/3 visits per day. :)
Hello? Hello!!!!. Fatass here.. Yeah I stayed at the Aria and ate this everyday. And although I love sweets and croissants, the brioche is my favorite french pastry. I tried the nutella, the caramel... everything else was good too and the hot chocolate too. The parties and chocolates were all beautiful and the displays change and are seasonal. . But nobody puts brioche in a corner.
Ok, I'll admit it, I have a weakness for almond croissants and other fancy little desserts, but Jean Philippe Patisserie surpassed my expectations! It was a fab way to start off the day and then the airplane meal package was amazing!
Jean Philippe's Patisserie is a place where passionate art meets fine, sweet delicacies. I love sweets... I love chocolate. I love macarons. Every time I step into the patisserie I stand in awe in front of the glass shelf of desserts. Suddenly the camera zooms out.. everyone's gone. The desserts and I are in an infinitely white room and suddenly I'm tiny compared to the delicious macarons, fruit tarts, and cheesecakes.. THEY'RE ALL MINE! Then reality hits.. "that'd be $7.95 please". At least I can take my ginormous macaron and dream on again in my room... They look so finely put together that it hurts to eat them, but once the taste buds get a slight taste.. it's heaven on Earth! Then I'm stuck in this dilemma where it hurts to cut up my delicious sweets but it tastes so good.. WHY!?!
Best croissant ive ever eaten and the proccuto pannini as well as the breakfast panini are fantastic.  The breakfast panini was built very nicely with two pieces of good quality bread on the outside and a piece on the inside.  In between the breads there was melted cheese and ham, and in the middle layed a hard boiled egg with the bread cutt around it as not to disturb the rest of the sandwich.. .  for a quick cheap meal.  Located right off of the casino floor you wont have to go far to fill your stomach.
the Nutella Brioche is nothing short of resplendent. I had to pause various times to ensure I was savouring it properly. The almond croissant was also very good and quite frankly left me impressed with the quality of Las Vegas pastries. While i do not dare say they rival numerous Patisseries in Paris they do a great job. The raspberry macaron was also delicious. I don't think you can go wrong with anything here. . . The only note of caution i would share is that everything here is expensive. $4+ for a croissant or $10+ for a crepe is very steep, so hopefully you did well at the slot machine the night before... . The chocolate fountain (more like waterfall) is free to look at however..
It's only fitting for two world-class Five Diamond resorts to have their own World Pastry Champion. Nestled in the Aria Las Vegas and the Bellagio is Jean Philippe Patisserie. The artistic genius of Chef Jean-Philippe Maury is displayed daily at Las Vegas' first truly European-style pastry shops. You'll be welcomed into this imaginative display by a breathtaking chocolate fountain and large elegant designer cakes. Pastries, desserts, and snacks include carefully crafted chocolates, cookies, freshly made crepes, salads, sandwiches and delicious drinks. This is my favorite dessert place in all of Las Vegas. Be sure to try one of the fresh made crepes made to your order. It truly is a luscious experience that just can't be missed.
Wow.... . Wow.... . Wow.... . Gentlemen... if you want to see a girl get really, really excited without buying her something that sparkles, this is where you take her.. . Presentation: AMAZING. Taste: Formidable. Surprising. Well balanced.. Price: Fair, especially for the quality of food you are receiving. . . A heavenly culinary experience - I would say that everyone should experience this place at least once in their lifetime.. . Bravo....
I'll be honest. This place is one of the reasons I came to Vegas this early fall. My biggest sin is gluttony. The Rose Macaroon had me die and go to heaven. It was as big as my hand (vs. those bite size ones). The cream in the middle not only had vanilla bean but was rose scented. This is now a must stop for me in my future Vegas trips.
Best pastries in Las Vegas and our favorite patisserie in the USA. . In addition to pastries, the smoked salmon sandwich is excellent.
Everything is outstanding.  Eye candy for hours literally... Breakfast, lunch and dessert... It's all good.   Jean phillippe and one of the other pastry chef team members came out to grab lunch while we were enjoying our Crepes with a perfect view of the decadent pastry case.
I have made it a tradition where every time I come to Vegas, I have to stop by Jean Philippe Patisserie in Aria and get a ham and cheese croissant. . . BEST Croissant EVER!!!!!!!!!!!! YUM YUM! Everything is super pricey but it's Vegas and so worth it! . . My friends got some sandwiches, I forgot which ones but they were extremely tasteful too! . . Only sucky part was after you make your order the area for pick up is pretty tight. You gotta push and shove your way through a little, but that won't make me bring 1 star down! :)
The cocoa and cognac truffles were heavenly. I wish there was a store like this in L.A!
Some of the best desserts in Vegas, easy take out & perfect when you just need a few chocolates, crepe or amazing cakes.
This location is so much easier than the Bellagio location, when you get dropped off @ the Aria taxi stand, write inside that foyer to the right is Jean's counter.  There's so much you can get there & you'll never be dissapointed.  There's a ton of stuff that is prepackaged but I love picking a few chocolates and a cake, super easy & always fantastic.
Their pastries were awesome! However, I hated the line and their management. No place to sit, but even if you found a spot it's so uncomfortable because it's crowded. Just grabbed your goodies and walk out to the right you will see lots of tables in the open space and enjoy. Whoever design this bakery didn't think about walking room. But it was cool to see the largest chocolate fountain. I wasn't impressed, but it's the largest. Their almond croissant is a must get! Crepes were okay, nothing special. Stick with the pastries! Can't go wrong with pastries... yum!
Excellent, excellent, excellent. Everything here is delicious and immaculate. The prices are expensive but that's to be expected for it being in a hotel. The prosciutto panini is SO addicting. Get it and you won't be sorry--you'll be tempted to buy 3 more. That sauce they add just takes it to a whole new level (sorry for the cliche superlatives--I'm a little tired).. . The desserts are great too but one thing I don't like is the amount of sugar in them. Now they are not the sweetest desserts I've ever had but they are borderline too sweet. From a restaurant that sounds French, that's kind of disturbing. France is all about butter and don't put that much sugar in desserts. Generally speaking a lot of desserts in the US are way too sweet.
One of the best Almond Croissants I've ever had in my life.  Flakey, buttery and almondy!
A MUST SEE for foodies.  . . There are two Jean Phillippe Patisseries.  One in the Bellagio and this one in the back of the Aria.  You'll know you're close to it when you run into hoards of tourists bumping into each other because they are walking around with their cameras in front of them.   . . Imagine what would happen if Disneyland imagineers decided to get  into the baking business...this would be the result.  Amazing fondant enrobed cakes in brilliant colors twirling around on tall sparkling chrome vines.  Brightly lit display cases filled with row after row of (fill in a superlative here) desserts.  . . First off this patisserie is an assault on the eyes.  Eye popping cake displays of Alice In Wonderland colors and movement.  If you eat with your eyes you'll be full before you get within four feet of the counter.  Once there you will be dazzled with art gallery-like pastries and chocolate desserts.  . . Diabetics must curse Jean Philippe as they load up their syringes for a suicide mission to the dessert counter.  I am a type II diabetic, but damned if I was going to be denied.  I choose a round chocolate morsel that resembled a chocolate dipped apple.  Even though it was only the size of a plum it satisfied the appetite of three people.  Devastatingly rich chocolate layers of mousse, caramel, ganache and nuts with I'm sure a good dose of butter and egg yolks folded inside.  So worth it for $7.  Actually, it was very cheap for what I got.. . I will be back!
This girl has a sweet tooth and this place my friend was heaven.  I visited twice in one day and wasn't disappointed!  The first time I had a dark chocolate mint truffle and then I had a nutella brioche...AMAZING!  Not overly priced either.  It was in a great part of the Aria to just chill out, people watch, listen to music and enjoy great eats.
This place is a must-visit for foodies and lovers of sweets who visit LV. I stayed at the ARIA the last time I was in town for MAGIC and as soon as I saw this place, I knew where all my money would end up!  First off, the place is adorable -- they have cakes and macaron towers on pedestal as decor.  On one side they have all of the "opera" style desserts, and these mini desserts are works of art.  They taste just as good as they look.  Of course, the raspberry macaron is a must, but the tutti frutti is divine as well.  They also have salads and sandwhiches, which are quite yummy as well.. . In the middle is a coffee bar and a candy gift shop, with chocolates, marshmellows, etc.  And on the other side of that they have a gelato and crepe bar.  It doesn't get anymore perfect than that!. . The only thing that didn't impress me was the service at one point.  I asked for a macaron and they gave me a fruit tart (and I HATE fruit tarts), and the manager was pretty rude when I went back and asked to exchange it.  However, I'm giving them 5-stars anyways because I'd be lying if I said I would never go back!
Sadly, I did not get to try any of the storefront's works of pastry art; I only tried some of what they offered at the upstairs buffet, both located in the Aria Hotel.  I WANTED to try things from his shop, but we were, in part, in a rush to walk through some of the other numerous hotels on our way back to the Mirage, and we were, quite simply, full from our lunch at the buffet where I had just sampled some of Jean Phillipe's baking.  It was not the same as what is offered in his store, and the store pastries look far more tantalizing and delectable.  I wish I knew for sure.  In any event, I took some photographs to remind me of what I will make a beeline for the next trip to Vegas.  Not that my hips need to know, but who the hell cares when the pastries look like THIS !!!!
One of my favorite place in Las Vegas. It's a have to visit in my opinion, the coffee and pastries are to die for. It's not cheap, but a real indulgence!
Great cupcakes, clean area, live music (next door) and enough seating make this a fun place to chill early before going somewhere else.. . They do offer milk to drink if you like that instead of fancier drinks and make sure to grab a fork - these desserts are not for eating with your hands.. . Be aware that it's not cheap, but it is Vegas!
SO DELICIOUS.  This place sells coffee, cold and hot sandwiches, salads, and various gorgeous pastries that rival Laduree in presentation and taste.. . I had a croque monsieur which was really delicious, albeit a bit small.  My friends and I split a cobb salad, which was good (yourbasic cobb).  . . The real standouts here are the pastries, which look freaking amazing (I uploaded some pics).  I ate the "Intense," which is a chocolate mousse covered in a dark chocolate ganache and topped with a little macaron.  The chocolate taste was very rich and dense, the mousse light and fluffy, and the macaron perfectly chewy.. . I want to eat here again.
Nutella brioche + Chocolate croissant = perfect petit dejeuner (small breakfast). . The brioche at Jean Philippe is perfectly soft, buttery, and delicious with a beautiful nutella center that makes you quite childish and happy.  The chocolate croissant is wonderfully flaky and layered with what tastes and feels like hundreds of thin buttery and crispy sheets of pastry that is unlike any other croissant I have ever had (including France and Switzerland).  It is the umami version of texture...layered, airy, and crunchy glory!  . . Two or three wonderful pastries with some coffee/tea and have an indescribable experience here or you can go to a brunch buffet and stuff yourself silly with warmed food platters...choose wisely!
Such an awesome set up. The chocolate drip down is unreal. Great selection of amazing pastries. Thumbs up!!!
this place was a wonderful breakfast start. it beats waiting in line for a buffet. the food was impeccable. i highly recommend this gem.
Croque Monseur was delicious....perfectly balanced with smoky ham and toasted bread with melted cheese and lightly sauced. . . Also loved their blueberry muffin!  Must come back for dessert & coffee.
Every time I come to Aria, this is where I come for my favourite gellato.  I completely love the roasted hazelnut and have to have it every time I come here!. . There are many other delicious treats that I've had since Aria opened.  They really know what they're doing at Jean Philippe.  Looking forward to next time!. . All I can say is DELICIOUS!
it's pricey. let's just say it and get it out there and then there's no surprises at the cash register.  then again, you're in vegas, so really, it's all relative.. . and believe me when i say, the minute your mouth tastes one of the cakes from this place...all thoughts of anything negative will magically disappear....you'll forget that you gained way too many calories at the buffet, that you lost way too much money at the casino, and are going to spend way too many hours at the gym working off everything you did do yourself this weekend.. . if you're lucky, you can get the people you're with to split and share. (make sure you get one cake/person...and THEN split and share...)
My friends and I had a tie-us-over-until-buffet-snack. 1 cream cheese danish, and 1 blueberry danish. The puff pastry was excellent, and just a delight to eat. Next time? croissant and pain au chocolat!
Do not be fooled. Everything about this place looks as kitschy as can be. You stand in a longish line, cafeteria-style, at any given time of day and order from employees dressed in patisserie type uniforms as if this were a Disney joint. It is brightly lit and clean...far from any realistic Parisienne patisserie I might envision. We checked into the Aria three days before leaving Vegas because they gave us two comp nights.  JPP sits at the bottom of the guest elevators...which probably explains its constant flow of traffic: genius location. . . The first day after checking in, I needed a quick fix. My husband wasn't fond of their $11 price tag for a sammie but it is the Aria and I figured this might be the best we'd get.  I wanted a ham and cheese croissant but they had "run out" so I got the turkey croissant instead. Holy fartballs...I will never ever ever regret paying $11 for it. That one sandwich alone made me (and my cheap hubby) a captive audience.  We went back repeatedly in the remaining 3 days we had in Vegas and literally having just devoured my last JPP bites, the thought of not having it again for some time makes me ache. . . They offer this super cool service called Gourmet to Go. For $20, you choose a sandwich, salad, and a dessert pastry. You place your order before midnight the day before you travel and they pack it up in a hand carry tote box. Beats airline food by a million miles and considering the high quality and large quantity, I thought it was a pretty good deal. . . I got my turkey croissant again with a Cobb, and a Snickers cake. This was all great but the salad is packed really tight into a cup that can get a little tricky to eat without spilling. Still, i appreciate the portion size they managed to get in there.  The Snickers cake tasted exactly like a Snickers but I think there was about a 2mm sponge cake at the bottom.  It was more like a mousse than a cake. I'm not critiquing the great Jean-Pierre Maury at all... simply warning anyone who is looking for a cake in the Snickers cake.  . . The hubby got a smoked salmon sandwich, Asian salad, and strawberry lemon cupcake. He ate his salad first, was saying how good it was, offered me a bite and before I could lean in to get one, he had finished the whole thing! From what I could see, it had nice sized shrimp and roasted red peppers in it. He did let me try his smoked salmon sandwich and his cupcake. I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that they are the best I've ever had. Ever. Ever. . . And that seems to be how they do things there.  I bought a croissant there. It was $4! But it was life changing. Best croissant I've ever had. Ever. . . Best cupcake. Ever. . Best smoked salmon sandwich. Ever.  Maybe best sandwich ever--definitely top 3. . Best croissant. Ever. . . I can't wait to get back to Jean-Phillipe.
My first experience at Jean Philippe was getting coffee. It is the closest coffee available to the rooms at Aria. We stood in the slowest moving long line.  Coffee is available in two sizes, small (12oz) and large (16oz). My large Americano was with flavor was over $5. They charge $1 for flavor and they consider honey a flavor. The most expensive coffee I have ever had! I was ready to be very pissed about my coffee, and then I tasted it. Delicious. Hands down one of the best tasting coffees I have had in the states. . . Food and desert here is also delicious. They make crepes, just about any concoction you can think up. I had a breakfast crepe and it was to die for good. We split a nutella crepe.. you can never go wrong with nutella! And the nutella brioche is FABULOUS. . . I am willing to bet that you cannot go wrong with anything you order here.
I was like a kid in a candy store for a trained pastry chef like me to check this place out.. Their pastries looked great and tasted great.. Love their sandwiches and their butternut squash soup.. The service was awesome too!
Jean Philippe Patisserie is awesome. Located in the bellagio, I wake up and get a nice cup of coffee, a great selection of sweets from crepes, cinnamon rolls, and danishes. For lunch they have great sandwiches like the grilled chicken basil with sauteed onions and a basil pesto. WOW. The crepes are also great included fruit and dessert selections. And don't forget the gelato, homemade flavors like tiramisu, cocnut, and mango sorbet. I love this patisserie and always come back when im in vegas.
I LOVE this place!! The baked goods are all authentic French (I know cuz I'm French). . Some favorites:. -The pain au chocolat (chocolate croissant). -The Palmier. -The Croissant aux amandes (Almond croissant) . -Their curry chicken sandwich. YUMMMMM! I wish I could eat there everyday!
wish i lived in Vegas so i could visit this fabulous place on a weekly (or even bi-daily) basis!  For those of you who have a bad sweet tooth like me, here's Heaven!!  I LOVE JEAN PHILIPPE PATISSERIE!  This location inside the Aria looks really really cool!!!!  Seriously, it's already great pleasure just by looking at those beautiful wedding cake displays hung up in the air!  All cakes and desserts look super duper cute, and the pastries taste pretty good, too!  Boyfriend went over there just last week and bought me some palmiers ($14/ box).  Oh my goodness! those mini palmiers are thin and very crispy, and needless to say, NOM!  They just rock in my mouth Oh-La-Laa!!
there are many pastry shops on the strip, JPP stands out from all of them, tried both location at bellagio and aria, i am a dessertholic so it became a routine to visit the shop once a day during my stay in vegas, and i blame JPP for taking my time away from visiting other dessert notables like serendipity 3 and max brenner, the rose macaron is absolutely the must try item, JPP is the place to be for all the dessert fanatics out there!
Yeah, this is as good as it gets unless you are in Europe! We were here for a Yelp Event and was so lucky to be walking by when we saw their unbelievable desserts. We had no intentions of eating, we just finished huge burgers at Holsteins in the Cosmo, but we couldn't resist. I ordered the Cinnamon Bun and my girlfriend got the chocolate croissant. . . Wow.We tried a little of each others and before we even bit into it your mouth will water. I am a huge fan of cinnamon buns and this was by far the best I have ever had. The cinnamon was plentiful and the frosting was obviously a cream cheese frosting. The dough was very light and airy, like a croissant and melted in your mouth. . . The Jean Philippe Patisserie will be a must every trip to Vegas!! Mouth is starting to water again just thinking about it. Wonder if they deliver
I love this place! Every time I come to Vegas I have to come here for either the crepes, ice cream or the smoothies. The shop is inside the Bellagio Hotel near the tram that goes from Bellagio to Monte Carlo. So you can enjoy this awesome pastry store even if your stayed at a different hotel. . . This place is also known for having "the world's largest chocolate fountain" recorded my the Guinness Book of Records.  . . Jean Philippe Maury owner and pastry chef at this place has been awarded the "Meilleur Ouvrier de France," the most prestigious pastry award in France. So you know this place is delicious and upscale if you are looking for that epic tasting pastry you been craving for after a long day on the Las Vegas Strip.. . I have tried this place about over 20 times from the chocolate boxes which is quite pricey but worth it from $30-$50 a box. Some have different flavored ganaches and truffles. A ganache is a type of glaze, icing, sauce, or filling for pastries made from chocolate and cream.. . They also have different crepes flavors, they have two types the savory and the sweet type. The savory for example is the turkey and cheese (which is also very yummy).. I have tried the sweet crepes multiple times. I would recommend the Nutella one with bananas.. . This time I went to the Bellagio I was interested to find something different so I tried the Summer Delight Smoothie and was it delicious. I came back the next day to try it again. It was a combination of lemon and raspberry sorbet mixed together in a smoothie and was it amazing.. . The desert highlight of my trip!
Really nice. Better than expected value. Things taste as good as they look.
Jean Philippe is genius! wish I could bake like him lol. The lines here can get pretty long, but the workers keep it moving pretty fast. I suggest you come early because they don't make their pastries all day. They just make a whole bunch fresh the start of every morning so once they sell out of an item you're gonna have to wait til the next day! It's pretty expensive here, but it's vegas and the breads/pastries are totally worth it. Everytime I come to vegas I always have to get their apple brioche and turkey croissant sandwich. The chocolate croissant and cookies are divine. I've tried a bunch of the other goods here and none have disappointed me
Fantastic. Just fantastic. We stayed at Aria for a few nights and kept drooling as we passed by this place in the mornings, afternoons, and evenings. A cousin and I finally set foot inside and gorged on their opera cake and flan. The opera cake was the clear winner (at a pricey $6.90 a slice!). There were seriously 20 layers of chocolatey , moussey, ganachey, almondy goodness.
Have you seen this place? Unreal. How do you not buy one of everything as you're waiting in line? Those smarty pants. They know if we stand in line walking past all their foodie, pastry, deliciousness we'll buy it all. Even if we are working on our bikini body. Nope, I want ALL those cupcakes, scones, and lemon bars please. Oh and chocolate bars. Can't forget those. For serious, I refrained and only stopped by twice while staying at the Aria in July.. . I enjoyed some delicious soy lattes and my man and I split a small bag of square chocolates. Next time we are in town I think eating there for brunch is in order. I am already dreaming about it!
Love the Jean Philippe Patisserie at the Bellagio. This location is much smaller than the one at Aria, but has a constant line for a reason: the pastries, desserts, crepes, coffees, and chocolates are divine.. . Hordes of people crowd around to take pictures of the World's Largest Chocolate Fountain (according to the strange folks at Guiness), but I was more mesmerized by the fresh crepes, croissants, and cupcakes. We enjoyed a late breakfast 2 days in a row featuring pastries from Jean Philippe and wish we had stayed at the Bellagio longer just to have more.. .  * Palmier - Flaky, crisp cookie covered with caramelized sugar 5/5.  * Croissant - Light and airy with a butter flavor to melt in your mouth 4/5.  * Almond Croissant - Filling Creme D'amandes; sprinkled with sugar & almonds 5/5.  * Chocolate Croissant - Jean Philippe chocolate + croissant = yum 3.5/5.  * Blueberry Brioche - Surprisingly addictive slice of bread with blueberries 3/5.  * Blueberry Danish - Light shell and heavy fruit jam heaven 4/5.  * Latte - Pick me up of espresso & steamed milk to start the day 4/5.  * White Cafe Mocha - Sweet mocha (espresso & chocolate) with White Chocolate 5/5. . There are two locations and both on Yelp list Aria as the address when in fact the one with the chocolate fountain is in the Bellagio.. . Jean Philippe Patisserie at the Bellagio was perfect.
Crepes are amazing!!. . I've eaten there probably a good dozen times!! It is really good everything!. Panini's are well crafted and delicious! Crepes are AWESOME. . . FYI- For crepes, if you are a NUTELLA fan, i HIGHLY recommend on getting a nutella crepe, but have them add bananas and strawberries (or other fruits of your choice)! It is to die for!. . Their coffees are well made, and the beans are great and the pastries are exquisite!. . For a crepe and a coffee it is very expensive (~$25), but then again it's Vegas!
COCONUT GELATO. I am eating it at this very moment... so. good. Every single bite is filled with loads of shredded coconut and creamy goodness. If you like coconut, order this and you will not be disappointed!. . I have also tried:. . - Almond croissant: very large croissant and in every bite you get flaky layers with almond paste, even at the very ends. Sliced almonds on top. Perfect.. . - Crepes (souffle with apple compote, chocolate, and some savory one I don't remember): The sweet crepes are so decadent! Can't go wrong with any of them. The savory crepe is just alright.. . - Vanilla latte: $6 for a small. Nothing special.. . I've been to both the Bellagio and Aria locations, both serve the same items. The employees are very nice, always smiling, never seem impatient or annoyed. I once dropped and broke a glass of chocolate sauce on accident and they only joked with me and didn't get angry at all, even though I felt terrible. I prefer the Aria because it has the dining area, but the chocolate fountain at the Bellagio is still fun to look at.. . That this is located right next to the guest elevators in Aria... oh man. I walk by this three times a day and I want to eat everything!!!
I LOVE this place. Especially this one at the Aria, mostly because of the arrangement of the place. It has a cute sitting area that allows for casual talks and people watching. Unlike other locations, you don't have to search for a place to snack on your delicious treat.. . They have everything here. And I mean everything. Sandwiches, desserts, coffee, etc. I've had one of their paninis, the banana foster crepe, dulce de leche gellato, coffee and I don't have a single negative thing to say.. . If you like sweets and desserts (and taking photographs of desserts, like me) then you'll love it here. I highly recommend this place!
A pastry shop that could entice people who are normally impervious to the charms of cake. If you enjoy Asian bakeries, which create beautiful pastries with understated flavors (so as to not overwhelm you) and do not contain an entire bag of sugar for each cake, you'd love the pastries. The Jean Philippe cakes are as delightful to the eyes are they are to the mouth. . . I was pleased with every cake I tried, so I can't recommend a specific one. Let your eyes chose one of the delectable cakes, and enjoy the results. . . The other offerings (ice cream and sammiches) are not extraordinary. . . If you prefer cakes that have sugar in the the first three ingredients or love Safeway cakes, you will just be disappointed. Save your money.
Omg! This place is the absolute best:-) Only downside is the long lines. The food and coffee is outstanding! Some of my favorites are the yogurt parfets, the salads, and the french macaroons.
lemon crepe! awesomeness!!
Definitely a place to stop when in Vegas!  Desserts are incredibly good, fresh, and pretty.  Just be prepared to spend $20 on a mocha and two pastries.  Well worth it when you're on vacation.  I especially liked their ham and cheese croissant.  It was amazingly moist, fluffy and flavorful - the best ham and cheese croissant I've ever had, also the most expensive!  The nutella brioche was OK.  I thought it could have been more moist and more nutella-filled.  I wish I got to try their crepes and gelato!
A great place to get desserts and coffee
The strawberry nutella crepe is serious. Normally, the strawberries are an afterthought, nothing more than small slices of flavor that break up the homogeny of the nutella. At Jean Philippe, they shove so many strawberries into the crepe that it's basically bursting at the seams like that movie where the Alien burst through the guy's chest and the Alien started killing people. I don't remember the name of the movie but it definitely had an Alien in it. I liked this crepe a lot.. . I've also got to give props to the nutella brioche and the ham/cheese breakfast egg sandwich on a croissant.
Another location that is also located inside the Belliago Hotel.  This location has a larger varieties of sweet than the one in the Belliago.  To find out all the package pastry is actually made in this located and transported to Belliago.. . It's a Dessert Heaven for Sweet Lovers...
Delicious food and great, friendly, professional service!
WOW!!! What a treat this was. . . Cool ambiance. You go in, and pick your pastry. My wife and I agreed - best we have ever had!! . . Definitely go check this place out! See you next time we're in Vegas Jean Philippe :)
My husband and I stayed at Aria in their penthouse suite for a couple days and had credit we had to use, so we came here for their breakfast and their croissants are very buttery and fluffy and their dessert are amazing! I decided to get their mini wedding cakes and couldn't decide on which type of chocolate (milk, white or dark) so I bought all of them and turns out these little delights had a hazelnut filling with some type of wafer that gives it a little crunch. Really awesome stuff!! If you ever get a chance, you should definitely stop by and grab a bite to eat or take dessert to go!
I never start or end a vegas trip without going crazy here.... . I always get the same thing, a Pecan Sticky Bun and a Cinnamon Sugar Crepe with a scoop of Oreo Cookie gelato. . . ~$15 never bought soo much happiness =)
Gelato, gelato and more gelato!  When I was in Vegas in August, I came to Jean Philippe Patisserie almost every night.  Instead of doing a nightcap ritual at a bar, I did a gelato-cap at Jean Philippe!  . . I truly made it my goal to try almost every flavor of gelato.  But I ended up finding some favorites, including the stracciata (or something like that it's vanilla with their world famous chocolate) and the mint chocolate chip!  . . What's more, if you get just a scoop of it, it's actually reasonable for Vegas standards - $3 bucks and some change.  I made a mistake the first night and got a milkshake, since I'm a milkshake fan - that was nine bucks!  . . They have crepes and pastries too.  I might try those out, but I'm seriously in love with their gelato.
I saw Jean-Philippe Patisserie when passing through Aria's casino one day. We had just eaten, but returned for desert on another night. There was a pretty long line of people ordering ice cream, but I came for the crepes and my husband ordered a lemon gelato. I love nutella crepes, and these were absolutely delicious. It was a treat to watch it being made right in front of our eyes too. Every bite of the crepe was divine (as good or better than from Paris!) and worth every penny.. . There were also some gorgeous cakes on display, and they seemed to have a lot of fun candies and other little pastries. If I lived in Vegas I would stop by often to try the entire menu. Sadly I don't, so when I come back it will be for another nutella crepe for sure!
If I could, I would have desserts at Jean Philippe everyday. They have this amazing chocolate dragon on display in front and the whole storefront just looks like a pastry wonderland. My friends and I could not help it and went crazy buying up most of their cakes. Yes, they were THAT good. The Lemon meringue tart, intense, and cheesecake are a must try.
After our breakfast at their Bellagio location, we stopped for afternoon tea here.. . I had the Trio, which was a good way to sample a couple desserts. But the real winner was the Strawberry Tart. Flaky, light, buttery and had a champagne like gelee.  Delicate and not too sweet. Loved it! The bite took me all the way back to Paris.. . The chocolate dragon outside is quite a sight too. Everything is grand in Vegas, and this was no exception.. . For photos and full reviews please visit my blog.
I wish they were located by my work so I can go all the time. Very delicious and perfect for light snacks and breakfast. However, customer service is tad off- but I can understand because they do get quite busy during morning when they have to serve the business people before they head off to their convention. . . I had breakfast and lunch here because I liked it so much. . Sticky pecan bun - So flaky and yummy. Highly recommend. . Spinach quiche - it is topped with olives (my fav) and light and flavorful. A great morning meal itself. It does not come in a big portion but I never liked eating heavy meals in the morning anyways. . Chicken Cesar Salad- healthy and filling. The chicken is not your typical dry chicken breast flakes. Rather, it is tender and rolled up with olives and roasted tomatoes that makes it so enjoyable. . . I also really like sitting here to people watch. Their pastry is the best. The cream puffs weren't that good. The filling made the breading outside too soggy for my taste. . . Be careful though as the prices do add up quickly. Things here are a bit higher than your starbuck type faire.
This is located on the first floor at Aria, right by the guest elevators. Came here for a some breakfast treats. Coffee Aulait, Bearclaw and Apfel Strudel. The pastries and coffee were very good. Total price for all three was roughly $13, so definitely not cheap but also not too expensive. Took about 5 minutes to get my treats and then walked back up to my room. They also have many other tasty pastries and treats. They have a pretty decent amount of seating which overlooks the casino floor.
This place was one of my favorite places in Vegas to grab a quick bite. We literally went here every morning as it was conveniently located at the Aria hotel where we were staying. They have another location in the Bellagio showcasing their famous chocolate fountain, but I feel like the Aria location has much more variety because it isn't just sweets. This place has everything from gorgeous, handcrafted desserts, croissants up the wah-zoo, sandwiches, crepes, salads and even gelato. I think what I love is variety, there is something for everyone. I've tried the chocolate covered strawberries and they were divine. The chocolate croissant just melts in your mouth, it is so fresh and so scrumptious. My husband could not stop raving about the almond croissant as that one also looks so delicious. Taste matches some of the things we ate in Paris so Jean Philippe is definitely authentic french if you ask me. The sandwiches are all prepared fresh with so many different varieties, we had the ham and cheese croissant (can you tell we have a love for the fluffy, puff pastry?) and it was delicious with some kind of red jam and packed with fresh veggies. . . The atmosphere is very cute, very modern and unique. It is always busy, no matter what time of day you come here as people are circling around Jean Philippe. However, the line moves pretty quickly and within 10 minutes you can usually order and get your items and hopefully find a good seat. This is a must go to for everyone and although the prices are a tad higher than your local coffee shop or Starbucks, you really get what you pay for as the quality is amazing! Everything is amazing and the variety of truffles is insane, and they are all so beautiful. I will definitely be coming here again even if I'm not staying at the Aria.
Who wants expensive desserts and drinks?! Well, you ARE in the Aria, come on now people, bring money bags along and get some yummies!. . I'm being a little silly here, of course, but don't come here without expecting to shell out some money. Jean Philippe is an open-area type coffee/dessert place off of Aria's main casino floor. The intricate sculptures of the "walls" and mod furniture styling is fantastic. . . The desserts are delicious. Period. I shared with a friend the "Intense" flourless chocolate cake and the Strawberry/Lemon Cupcake. Both were delightful. I also indulged in a coffee, which went perfectly with my desserts. . . Overall - completely pleased with my experience here and I will come back.
i got both the chocolate croissant and the sticky bun on separate mornings and thought they were both phenomenal. if i had another chance id just get a regular croissant to see how that was executed. the hype is real. . orange juice was fresh squeezed and not acidic at all. . its a little pricey but so is 95% of vegas. . JEANS: OK by far. ORDER: counter
Since we were staying at Aria, we came here every day for my roasted hazelnut gellato.  I love that the flavor never changes and it's pure perfection!  If you ask for water when you place an order, they give you the bottle for free!. . I also had gotten croissant ham & cheese sandwich and chocolate chip croissant which were also perfection!. . The coffee is incredible as well.. . LOVE this place and will continue to come here.
Great sandwiches and desserts.
Potato quiche is tasty and rich in flavors. Hands down on the Raspberry Rose Macaroon and Chocolate croissant.
Ordered rose macaroon cake, banana crepe and latte, all taste incredible !
The decoration and the chocolate both fantastic. Decoration is pretty much whimsical and modern. I love every pastry: the color, display, tasty. I got some Christmas Presents for my family.
Before trying this place I was convinced crepes were overrated. My husband and I redeemed a free crepe thanks to myVEGAS so we thought we'd give it a try. We couldn't decide between the sweet or savory crepe so we decided to get one of each. We ordered the Bananas Foster Crepe and the Royal Crepe, both were very delicious. My husband also ordered a scoop of cappuccino gelato and I was in love. I definitely have a new view on crepes and can't wait to come back here.!
5 stars: Woohoo! As good as it gets!. . I prefer this location in the Aria to the one in Bellagio because they have adjoining seating. . . I dislike that they run out of nutella brioches so damn early in the morning. . . I cherish every tropical crepe I eat, and that coconut sorbet is crime-worthy. . . There's usually a long line of people queued up at JPP. Sometimes they have a couple counters open, one for everything, the other for just retail pre-packaged goods from the shop area, and cake orders, and this creates confusion amongst the typically brain-dead early risers attempting to get a coffee in order to become functional human beings again. . . Just get in the longer line, and play with your phone for a while. . . There's not really a menu, so you need to get up to the front and waste everyone's time while you decide what you are going to order. . . Depending on what you order, you will then calculate how many extra miles you need to run on the treadmill, or how many crunches are in that chocolate croissant. You won't be able to figure it out. . . You'll order the croissant anyway.. . You can't go wrong with anything here. . . It's probably the best bakery on the strip.  . . I challenge you to try a different thing every time and order something bad. . . That's why there's so many brain-dead people in line here every morning.
Love the selection of desserts and pastries here. I felt like sitting in the middle of the shelf and going wheeeeeee - I was that happy with this place. The one we went to was in Aria but there's one in Bellagio as well with the famous chocolate fountain. Not very pricey by Vegas standards. The croissant I had was huge with a sprinkling of sugar on top. It is always crowded but turnaround is gr8. Try it!
OMG! Sweet tooth overload! AMAZING DESSERTS! . Everything is soooo good! Sweet, creamy, and filling! Tons of different flavored gelato and crepes! and they make it right in front of you. There is most likely always a line, especially after the dinner rush time. But it is soooo worth the wait!. . Dolce de leche Crepe and Creme brulee gelato and Hazelnut gelato. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?selected=SJGg0Tj4Dr9OWhed8vC9Bw#X9s_4S7ixQ3i-m0iJdh0aA. . Upclose of the crepe:. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H8qpFitIesth86zqR4cwYg?selected=SJGg0Tj4Dr9OWhed8vC9Bw#KIZlRKdAN56u7JKSS3-lkg
My review will strictly be on what I ordered:. . Rose Macaron - Not the greatest, but probably because I'm not a huge fan of rose.  I think there was a drop too much of rose flavoring as it was overpowering on my palette. The macaron itself was fantastic without being too sweet as most tend to be.. . Peanut Lollipop - A total different take on a cake pop, which is amazing!  I love the genoise paired with the mousse.. . Creme Brulee - If you're looking for a typical creme brulee taste, look elsewhere.  This creme brulee is very deep in vanilla flavor with almost a deep caramel flavor.. . Dulce de Leche Brioche - The brioche itself flakey, sweet, and buttery.  The top was nice and flakey.  What made this heavy was the dulce de leche otherwise the brioche was rich, but light.  In my opinion however, I've had greater tasting dulce de leche.. . Key Lime Tart - WOW.  Probably one of my favorites.  Just enough lime flavor without making your face squish up.  The lime curd was nice a smooth and the lime whipped cream was so fluffy and airy which helped to lighten the overall product.. . OVERALL: I absolutely adore Jean Phillipe because all of the pastries I've had are somehow full of flavor, yet always light and not heavy.  This is dangerous because that just means you can eat more!. . Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!!
The chocolate art never ceases to amaze me every time I pass by. I always buy a small piece of chocolate on every trip. It has become a little tradition of mine! Good chocolate, never a line, great chocolate art and very accessible.
This Aria branch of JP is much better than the Bellagio's cramped version.  Crepes and gelato in one station, pastries in another, and coffee drinks in another.  All stations have their own cashiers and staff, so service is quick and efficient.. . We got the exotic crepes again and were delighted.  Coconut ice cream with the texture and sweetness of shredded coconut and mango compote covering a beautifully made crepe.  Even the aroma was amazing.. . We washed it down with a soy latte that was surprisingly warm, smooth, and slightly sweet.  No need to add sugar - maybe it's vanilla soy or something special with how they made it.
Always go here when I'm in Vegas, and a box of cakes to-go back home :D. . love their Trio cheesecake, Triple chocolate and Napoleon :D . This time we've tried the breakfast sandwich and apple strudel, and as always, didn't disappointed us!.
I may have only had the gelato -- and chocolate for that matter -- but my eyes took in everything else while I was waiting. Fresh and tasty, great service with a smile, and, at least to me, pretty reasonable pricing. Go here -- you will not regret it, then again maybe you will after indulging but that regret will come from the fact that everything is so good it will leave you wanting for more.
OMG, I had the banana & brownie crepe - YOU MUST TRY one. You'll need to hit the gym, the next day but worth it. So delicious.
holy shoepruewiruweprweprj ! world class pastry's and dessert right here !!! best ive ever had !!! i have the tuttie frutti and cup cakes and triple chocalate mouseee man costed me over 25 dollars but you pay for what you get!!
Everything is perfect cant imagine being near one of these full time!
I love this place. Located in Aria Hotel, it is not only beautiful and trendy looking but the pastries are so good. Hubby and I ordered almond croissant ($4 each), cappuccino, and cafe au lait.  OMG- the biggest, beautiful, and delicious almond croissant ever. Huge size, fresh almond slices on top, generous amount of almond butter inside, flaky and so buttery. We were there 4 nights, 5 days and ate there 4 times. We also tried the location at Bellagio's and quality wasn't was good. I wished they had more locations but it seems like it is only in Vegas. Also tried dulce de leche brioche- kinda dry bread and too much dulce. Would stick with the almond croissant- u must tryit at least once.
Cupcakessssss are to Die for.
It's hard to put into words how amazing this place is.. the best I can do is SHOW you, by means of interpretive dance.. . I tried the coffee and dessert trio, ate it, and then ran my butt back into that ridiculously long line to um.. bring back $40 worth of desserts for .... my.. mom..? (i'm sorry only 1/5 of the desserts made it home, mom). . Here's a tip: DON'T get the rose macaron because they're all mine and I refuse to share.
OMG. BEST DESSERTS EVER. . . We weren't expecting a feast. We just wanted to have some desserts for our post-Secret Pizza meal at the Cosmo. Alas, yelp came to save us. . . This place is undoubtedly amazing. We must've ordered at least 7 items between the 4 of us. Everything was amazing except for this crazy dark chocolate cake. The star of the show was the 3 layer cheesecake and the flan! . . I would definitely go back again...even at the risk of diabetes.
Another winner. If the Jean Philippe is overly crowded, come to the one in Aria. It easier to maneuver around. (may be just the way the store is designed too) I love the decor. They have cakes up on poles and a giant display near the gelato made of desserts! The first time I saw the display, it had giant chocolate flowers. Another time it was a dragon, tribute to Chinese New Year. I wish they had a video on the side or something that showed the production process! . . Must try: Raspberry macaroon, eclair, tiramisu, cheesecake, croissants.
Excellent food! Very pretty too:) look forward to their salmon sandwich every time I go to Vegas:)
OMFG!!!. . The best croissant I ever had. After the croissant I've had here, I don't know how I am going to be able to eat any other croissants. They are $4.00 each which isn't cheap but I really wish we had discovered it before our last day so I could've had more.. . We also got Brioche with dulce du lache. This was also good but I much preferred the croissant.
I got so excited when I came out of the guests elevators and turned to my right. OH. MY. GOD. I found heaven! *angels sing*. . For the price you pay for a salad, you definitely get your money's worth. So fresh and they didn't go skimpy on the toppings! My friend at her Asian salad down to the last bite because in her words, the salad was "ah-maz-ing"! It wasn't your typically vinegrette.. . The Caprese sandwich was just perfect. Ooey gooey mozzarella cheese topped with pesto on a bed of warm bread makes my day any day! So delicious that I'm still dreaming about it.... . Last but not least, the desserts were AMAZING! Not overly sweet yet scrumptious. They were pretty light yet full of flavor. And sooooo aesthetically pleasing that it made me giddy like a little kid!. . Yes please, I'd like to come back again!
Yes it's pricey but what else do you expect? This is Vegas and everything in Vegas is pricey since they take advantage of the tourists, so I won't be rating it on the price. Actually at $4 a piece (pastries section), it's not THAT bad especially because they are SOOO good. Their almond croissants are delectable. I haven't been to Paris but this is probably the best croissant I've tried so far. They're flaky, buttery, and soft with the right amount of sweetness. MMM my mouth is watering as I'm typing this.  I probably brought $50 worth of pastries back to L.A. with me. They really should open one up in LA. I would die and go to heaven if that happened. . . Must tries:. The Almond Croissant. Nutella Brioche (to die for). Almond brioche. their chocolate assortments. . I havent tried their macarons but that's going to be the next thing I taste when I'm in Vegas. This place is a must try if you're in Vegas, ESPECIALLY if you're staying at Aria or Bellagio.
I would say I eat/order from this place about once a week because I'm a regular in the Aria Poker room. This place is very will designed and elegant! Great place to take photos and bring a date, especially if she has a sweet tooth lol.. As for myself, I don't eat any of the sweets here because I'm on a strict diet, so I can't say much for the gelato ice cream and other mouth watering sugar fixes they offer here, but I did try all of the sandwiches and salads they offer.. . Here's a quick list to help you make your choices:. . PANINIS - $10.95 - All made with Ciabatta Bread. Tandori Panini - chicken/curry mayo/cucumbers/basil/tomatoes/swiss cheese. Tuna Panini - tuna/mayo/tomato/fontina cheese/spinach. Spicy Chicken Panini - spicy tomato spread/chicken/swiss cheese/tomato/caramelized onions. Basil Chicken Panini - chicken/basil aioli mayo/fontina cheese/basil/caramelized onions. Prosciutto Panini (MY FAV) - cured italian ham/basil aioli mayo/buffalo mozzarella/basil/tomatoes. Ham and Cheese - ham/country dijon mustard/swiss cheese/spinach/tomatoes. . SANDICHES - $10.15 . Smoked Salmon (MY FAV) - Dill brioche/caper dill cream cheese/smoked salmon/daikon sprouts/egg/caper dill red onions. Roasted Turkey - Croissant/butter/cranberry relish/cheddar cheese/alfalfa sprout/tomatoes/roasted turkey breast. Cold Ham and Cheese - Challah bread/mayo/dijon mustard/ham/swiss cheese/spinach/tomatoes. Roast Beef - Challah bread/horseradish sour cream/dijon mustard/roast beef/watercress/tomatoes/red onions. . SALADS - $12.95. Cobb Salad - lettuce/grilled chicken/bacon/eggs/tomatoes/cucumber/daikon sprouts/blue cheese/blue cheese dressing. Western Salad (MY FAV) - Bacon,red peppers,cheddar,swiss,corn,red onions,beef steak,black beans,southwestern ranch dressing. Caesar Salad (MY OTHER FAV LOL) -Romaine lettuce/grilled chicken/anchovies and pecan filled/parmesan/croutons/caesar dressing.. . Well I hope this all helps you make a choice! I literally had to type this whole menu myself and wasn't copy pasted as Jean Philippe's online site doesn't have a menu for some reason. SYOY!
BEST. GELATO. MILKSHAKE. EVER!. . I had my first taste of this mind-blowing foodgasm at the other Jean Philippe Patisserie location in the Bellagio on my first trip to Vegas.  I was SO EXCITED to discover they had opened another location in the Aria, where we were staying!  Can anyone say midnight gelato runs?  What a dream come true!. . Beautifully presented gelatos - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jean-philippe-patisserie-las-vegas-7?select=O6-5dA0dYS4rqyRAFVn6wQ#O6-5dA0dYS4rqyRAFVn6wQ. (& that's showing only half the flavors). . Unfortunately I was only able to have one milkshake my whole stay here, mostly because it was SO filling and I wanted to make sure I had room in my stomach to try other awesome Vegas eats.  BUT that one milkshake was so heavenly!  I definitely would have gotten another if it hadn't been our last day in Vegas.. . We got the hazelnut/cappuccino gelato shake to share between the two of us.  We saw the worker scoop two HUGE scoops of hazelnut gelato and thinking she forgot about the cappuccino part we reminded her "oh, hazelnut and cappuccino, yeah?".  "Oh, yup!" she answered as she had known all along.  Two more HUGE scoops of espresso gelato later, I realize that it takes 4 gigantic scoops of gelato to make this ultra-creamy, decadent slice of heaven!. . The flavors mixed wonderfully, and we even experienced a slight crunch in the gelato from the hazelnuts--great texture!  Taste was perfect and so creamy that it almost felt like we were drinking straight gelato!  If you're a gelato lover, you must try this!!!. . As we turned the corner, we saw that they also have a cafe side, where they sell paninis, sandwiches, and coffee.  Will have to try here next time for the gelato + panini one-two punch!!
Came by for an afternoon snack and breakfast at Yum E's recommendation.. . The chocolates, gelato, and pastries were definitely world class! Delicious!. . The quiche was a winner. Once heated up, it tasted light years ahead of the frozen ones from the grocery store I'm used to eating. The ham and cheese croissant was excellent as well. The ham and swiss sandwich croissant was delicious too, when consumed the next day.. . Pricing was on the expensive side, but hey, it's Vegas.
PATISSERIE GALORE !! When walking through the Aria casino, the beautiful and dreamy decor of Jean Philippe Patisserie catches everyone's eyes.  JPP sells prepackaged goodies, gelato, paninis, dessert pastries and savory pastries.  They're also a cafe selling teas and coffees.  I tried the ham and cheese panini and the chicken pesto panini, both which were absolutely delicious.  I also picked out four dessert pastries, all which were amazing (and I don't even like sweets).  Though the paninis were $10 each and the pastries $6.90 each, I'm definitely coming back here to try the rest of the items that they have !
My mom and I decided to have a snack before our show and decided to have gelato here.  Their gelato is very tasty!  I had the stracciatella (chocolate chip) and coconut.  My mom had dolce du leche and strawberry.  I really like both of my flavors.  The coconut seemed to have actual flaked coconut in the mix so it gave it a nice texture.  They also have chocolates and crepes, plus a separate sandwich/salad counter.  Definitely a nice place to get a snack or light meal when you don't want to go to a sit down place or regular food court.   They have a nice seating area that overlooks the casino so its great for people watching.
I make sure to always make a stop by Jean Phillipe every visit to Vegas. Their desserts are as beautiful as they are scrumptious, though they can be sickeningly saccharine.. . I try something new every time, and I've loved everything I've tried.. . My favorites have been the vanilla napoleon and the nutella opera cake.. The chocolate cheesecake is a bit too sweet, but still amazingly rich and delicious.. . Their gelato is great, I LOVED the strawberry, and I'm usually not a strawberry ice cream kinda gal. I've also tried the mint chocolate chip (yum!) and the pistachio (good, but have had better).. . I've only tried one of the breads, the dulce de leche on the recommendation of yelp. I asked the worker which was better, the almond brioche or the dulce de leche, and she recommended the leche, with a heaping cup of attitude on top. Whatever.. . I found it severely lacking. It was both too dry and waaaaaay too sweet. Not a fan! . . Still, I go back for the beautifully decorated and meticulously made desserts. My goal: try their whole menu!
6/28: Located in Aria. Beautiful design! I didn't really care much for the architecture throughout Aria and Crystals before, but now I do notice it and appreciate the hard work and effort put into everything, including this bakery. . . I tried the Berry Danish and Fruit Tart. Awesome, tasty desserts! Friendly service. Lots of options to choose from. I enjoy pastries and sweets, but only eat them once in awhile. Though if that's what you love, this is the place to be. Worth a revisit!
Game Over! Best Sandwiches/Paninnis in town! Fresh, tasty and so so good! Easy to share. We shared a tuna panini and smoke salmon sandwich, an iced latte and a flan...a perfect Sunday brunch! Not cheap, but well worth those duckets!
Me and the wife absolutely loved this place. The one in Aria is open late and offers the whole gamut of cakes, gelato and chocolate stuff. We had the chocolate souffle crepe and gelato and it was very, very good!
Have you seen this place? I MEAN SERIOUSLY HAVE TO SEEN IT?! This place is like if you took the hallways of the death star and put HUNDREDS of people looking for chocolate in it. Yeah, that actually means its awesome! Not only does this place have the best tasting desserts in all of Las Vegas, but they are also the prettiest of all the desserts in Las Vegas. Be wary, you are going to most like pay around $8-your whole wallet here, but it will so be worth it as you walk away from the table holding onto that chocolate food baby. . What would I recommend? Well that really just depends on what you are craving. Hotter than Pompeii outside and just as dangerous? I'd possibly recommend one of the many amazing gelatos they make from scratch. Or did you just wake up with a massive hangover after having a girls night out at one of the nightclubs?Croissant and coffee would make the day a little better. Or are you just a person that loves something sweet? Well then get everything they have, including the amazing triple cheesecake. . . Should you go here? No, no you should not...Is what a doctor would say if you were trying to loose weight. I say, run as fast as you can to get the nummies before everyone else does.
HEAVENLY pastries!!!  Worth every penny!  My friends and I split a tuna melt, pecan croscant and a cheese cake.  All three were A+ amazing! Looking at the cakes and desserts was an experience too.  I plan to visit Jean Philipee's every time I am in Vegas!
What can I say. It's gorgeous
The assortment and beauty of the sweet delectables is jaw dropping! We didn't come here for desserts but for a quick bite to eat before a long night out (of drinking of course)! Thankfully they had pre-made sandwiches & panini's that they warm up in the oven or on a press for you. I got a chicken panini with cheese and sun dried tomatoes & basil. It was tiny for the price of $13! But the first bite I took into it, it absolutely melted in my mouth. The bread was out of this world! Buttery & crispy, it had french written all over it! I no longer minded the hefty sandwich fee and happily devoured the rest of it! I felt like I ate a couture sandwich!
"Nobody knows the truffles I've seen." .  George Lang. This shop is beautiful. Perfectly displayed, perfectly packaged product surrounded me as I went from shelf to shelf admiring the amazing pastries and chocolates. The truffles were beautiful with a perfect bite to them. Everything in the store looked incredibly edible. I ordered two scoops of Gellato since it was over 100 degrees and we were about to hit the strip again. The Mango was fantastic and the Coconut was truly amazing. Prices were very fair for everything that I picked up. Would definitely return when back in sin city.
This place is such a cute little dessert stop, conveniently located at our hotel for our visit. I ordered the strawberry tart, and it was amazingly delicious. Red, ripe strawberries on top of a yummy thin layer of sponge cake/other deliciousness that I don't know the name for. I also ordered the caramel twist coffee, which was a great duo with the cake. The coffee was not too sweet, and you can definitely taste their unique brew, with a rich, delicious aroma at first sip. Will definitely be coming back here, even though Vegas is far and it won't be for a while!
Such a yummy bakery, the desserts are all beautifully presented here! PRICEY too, so be prepared to break a bank if you plan on buying for a family.... . They make fresh crepes, desserts and have a small showcase of specialty and wedding cakes! Theyalso have a candied out cobras right outside the main area of the shop.. . I really recommend coming here to get a taste of a famous baker! I hope to someday be this famous...jk I doubt I could be as talented as this in making cakes and pastries! . . But if I had the money to blow this would be the place I would do my wedding cake for sure!
JP does not disappoint for breakfast, lunch, and a late night snack!. . Since we stayed at the Aria, we would walk by here every time we would go and leave our room. I probably stopped by here each time to grab a bite to eat. They have a lot to choose from here; crepes, sandwiches, paninis, pastries, gelato, coffee, salads, and so much more. This place is a bit expensive, but being in a 5 star hotel, I can't complain too much. . . I got the Italian crepe, which had prosciutto and mozzarella in it. It was sooo good. On another occasion, I had the prosciutto panini which was also good. They put a little bit too much oil and vinegar on it, so while I was eating it, I had to be sure to eat over a plate so that the oil wouldn't drip onto my clothing. I did try the opera one night which was very rich. I was a big fan of the vanilla eclair! I think I ordered it twice if I recall.. . This might be more credit to the hotel security/staff, but one person in my group left their designer jacket here when we left late at night. Didn't realize it was lost until the next morning. Pretty sure the jacket was long gone, but I called down to security to ask them about it. Long story short, someone had reported the jacket as missing and handed it to the lost and found. The jacket was returned to us immediately and all was good in the world once again!. . Tip: If you have a breakfast crave, head to JP instead of waiting on that ridiculously long and slow line at Starbucks on the promenade level.
MADE MY 21st Birthday so special! As I walked by the bakery I noticed these 3 tower tall mini cakes that were the most beautiful thing I have ever seen, so we talked to the employee and she was able to order one 24 hours in advance for my birthday! The cake was PHENOMENAL. IT WAS absolutely beautiful everyone kept complementing it because it was soooo cute! and the taste was just phenomenal. The employees were all super sweet and patient!. . After ordering the beautiful cake and loving it, I ate at Jean Philippe everyday for breakfast and it was sooooo amazing. The chocolate chip cookie was literally to die for and all there other pastries were exquisite. Not only is JEAN PHILIPPE able to master a work of art by the looks of the pastries but the taste doesn't fall any shorter. . . THIS IS A REAL MASTER PIECE. WISH there could be one in NYC !
Have you visited the younger, sleeker, sexier Jean Philippe yet?. . I really think you should.  If you've already seen the original Jean Philippe at the Bellagio -- with its (in)famous chocolate fountain -- you might think you've seen all there is to see when it comes to Jean Philippe's sweet treats.  . . But you'd be wrong.. . The new Jean Philippe in the Aria is completely different.  It's stylish and contemporary -- a work of art that seems to arise out of nowhere in the midst of the sprawling Aria casino.  There's no shortage of beautiful things to look at here.. . There's also no shortage of amazing things to taste.  Although savory items such as crepes and sandwiches are available, I'm all about the gelato, chocolates, and pastries.  There's far too much to try in a single visit, so I recommend getting a few small items to sample and share.  In my case, it was an assortment of small chocolates, a raspberry macaron, as well as a small cup of hazelnut gelato.. . They're all absolute perfection in terms of quality.  I doubt you can do better anywhere else in Vegas.. . That's why Jean Philippe in the Aria is a must for any tourist with a sweet tooth.
We stopped for dessert and were blown away! We had the trio (peanut butter pop, creme brulee, macaroon on a thick chocolate bar slab), the nutella creme cake, and the snickers cake. So rich and decadent that we both were dying for water at the end and a toothbrush!
When coffee machines don't exist at your hotel rooms, you are forced to buy coffee somewhere else like in the hotel restaurant or cafe. Most often, you end up with mediocre coffee. But I'm glad Aria forced me to buy coffee from Jean Philippe Patisserie because it was worth every penny, including their pastries and sandwiches. If you want to spend your meager gambling winnings ( less than $40), spend it here. Their almond croissant was buttery and almondy delicious.  Breakfast sandwich was full of hangover-friendly ingredients. Coffee was perfectly brewed and smooth. One thing which I regretfully did not get to try are their cakes and savory crepes. So gorgeously presented, it makes all the patisseries in NYC look bad. Why this joint is not located anywhere else outside of Vegas is definitely a puzzle for me.
I'm going to make this review short and sweet just like JPP!. If you're used to great baked goods, pastries, chocolates and sweets like I am... then this is your stop. Jean Philippe Patisserie is your single best friend in Vegas if you're a lover of all things sweet and sugary. . I was overwhelmed with choices in chocolates, pastries, cookies, etc. Their macarons are ridiculously complex and make any others I've seen or tried pale in comparison. I only had a small piece of my friend's macaron and it pretty much blew my mind. The chocolates were flavorful and delicious. There was just too much goodness here to fit into one stop. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll make sure to swing by at least twice to ensure I get to try as many of their goodies as possible. . Come here first and save yourself from wandering through other casinos looking for inferior shops. . I'm a huge fan!
Annoying service, stupid amount of plastic you have to throw out..... . BUT don't go anywhere else for pastries or desserts.  Absolutely incredible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Crepes. This is a must every time I come to Vegas. I dream of their crepes all the time. My favorite is their chocolate crepe, which has brownie bits, chocolate sauce, and whipped cream. I don't share. Can't do it. I've had the souffle version and I thought it was simply too heavy, and this is coming from a person who loves anything decadent when it comes to dessert. It'd probably be better off with a fruit topping if you order the souffle. I've also had the apple and pecan and loved it. The pecans complement everything very well.  I've also tasted the passion with coconut gelato and that was also really good. I would not order the bananas foster here. The bananas are overcooked and mushy. If you're a banana fan, hop on over to Mon Ami Gabi and order it there. . . Pastries and desserts. I've tried the opera cake here and thought it was just too much sugar and didn't have enough flavor. The sugar overpowered everything. I've had their pastries and love love love their almond croissant. Their dulce de leche brioche is okay... I like their croissants better. I've also had their hazelnut eclair and thought that was pretty good, although I wouldn't order it again. Also had their Mother's Day special one year and thought it was delicious!. . Savory. Sad to say I have not really had any of their savory menu items, but definitely plan on trying their smoked salmon. I had their veggie sandwich, not the caprese, but the roasted vegetable and thought the bread was a little too airy and felt like I didn't eat much. My mother had their tomato chicken and wants it every time we go there now. Apparently the tomatoes make the sandwich outstanding.. . Coffee. I always buy a couple bags of their whole bean perfect roast. It is so perfect I drink it black. It keeps me sane while waiting for my next trip to Vegas to visit JPP. Their caramel twist is their perfect roast sweetened with caramel syrup and topped with whipped cream. Tastes like a caramel macchiato and pretty good. I've also had their white chocolate and plain mocha which are good, nothing absolutely special. . . Candy and such. I love their chocolate nougat. Their vanilla nougat is more firm and chewier and I like them both. They are loaded with nuts and not cheap on the pistachios. Their chocolate cookies with the white chocolate on top is absolutely amazing. They use Valrhona and it shows. Their white chocolate on the cookie complements it well. Peanut butter is okay, but I think Bouchon's Better Nutter is, well, better. Their was this one candy I couldn't stop eating. It looks like polished rocks, I forgot what it's called. It's basically sugar covered apricots and such and that is definitely a treat and hits the sweet spot. I have a high tolerance for sweets and this was pure sugar, but in a delightful way. I have to remind myself I ate the largest tube in one sitting and not to buy that size ever again.  Their biscottis are pretty good and not hard or gritty or too sweet.. . Jean Philippe is a MUST. A vegas trip for me is not complete without at least one crepe here and going home without their perfect roast coffee beans would be a nightmare... It's the only thing I have to look forward to when I come back home to reality and have to sit in a cubicle all day.
I love this place!! We got the Nutella Crepe with 2 scoops of ice-cream (pistachio+ vanilla) and was sooo good.
Okay, any place in Vegas that you visit twice during a trip has to be good. . . This place was fantastic. We had lunch here on our first full day in Vegas, I had a croque monsieur and the boyfriend had a ham & cheese croissant. We finished off with a nutella napoleon. All were amazing. The seating area is lovely and comfy; an oasis in the middle of the gaming floor. . . The next day I went down for breakfast. I picked up a chocolate croissant and cinnamon bun for breakfast. I inhaled mine. I really, really wish there was one of these near me. They do pastries and chocolates right and it shows.
Thanks to my friends who recommend this place to me!  Man.... I am totally falling in love with this place! . . I am not a fan of macaron, so I can't give you any comment about the macaron.  But I tried their desserts, I am not kidding, it's the best!
The only reason why I always stay at the Aria Hotel!!!. . This place is the best!!! I love their crepes, pastries, sandwiches, and everything else!!!. . It is a little on the pricy side, but what isn't in Vegas?!
I love this place. It's a must visit whenever I go to Vegas. They have two locations - 1 in Aria and 1 in the Bellagio.  The one in Aria is bigger and nicer.  It reminds me of something you would see right out of a Dr. Seuss book.  . . I've tried their chocolate, croissant, desserts, and this awesome spiced chicken panini sandwich.  It was sooooo gooooood!!! I can't wait to have it again the next time I return to Vegas! I also need to try their crepes.  I've heard great things and saw a lot of people order them.  . . Be prepared to stand in line during peak hours.
This one's inside Aria and is a bit larger than the one at Bellagio.  It also has more seating to enjoy your tasty goodness.  The pastries are delicious.  The Key Lime Tart, Tirimisu, Lemon Tart are all fabulous.  Check-out the amazing chocolate display of Zarkana as well.  If you're a dessert person, this place is a must try.
A not so quick tip + some quick tips!. . 1. FREE STUFF TIP: if you have Facebook, get the app MyVegas. It's a slot game that allows you to earn real rewards. Here, if you earn 10,000 loyalty points you can redeem either a "Signature Pastry" or a "Crepe." While that is interesting in itself, the best part is that these two rewards generate a voucher that is good for about $10 in food & beverage credit at Jean Philippe Patisserie in the Aria!. . 2. Jean Philippe is located next to the elevators leading up to the Aria hotel or really close to Haze nightclub.. . 3. Jean Philippe is best known for their pastries, but they also serve delectable sandwiches and gelato!. . 4. Try the chicken panini's they are awesome.. . 5. JP is also a chocolatier and has many different confections and chocolate available.. . Jean Philippe is my favorite stop in the Aria. Not only is it "affordable," it is also part of the MyVegas rewards program. Every time my girlfriend and I head to Vegas we will farm loyalty points on MyVegas and purchase the two rewards to use at JP for a free lunch/brunch/breakfast meal. The savings actually add up!. . Now beyond the free stuff spiel, I must say that the sandwiches there are excellent. Among our favorites are the panini's. Particularly the chicken ones that they have. We have tried their pesto panini and it is pretty damn good when it comes out fresh, hot, toasty and crunchy.. . They also have a variety of diabetes inducing pastries. If after looking through their delectable mixture of desserts and pastries you cannot decide, I recommend trying their sampler. It comes with a chocolate peanut butter cake pop, a creme brulee, and a raspberry macaron.. . Speaking of macaron, across the way and past the pastries, there is a crepe making station as well as gelato and an area for chocolate and other delicious confections. Their gelato is pretty excellent, though a bit pricey.. . If you are a fan of regular breakfast foods, don't fear they do have muffins and donuts and the like. As well as stuff on the healthier end such as salads.. . I have never had a problem at JP with service. It gets busy around the area and it may be difficult to find a seat, but the service has always been friendly and efficient. The reason why I also like this location better than the one in the Bellagio is that it is less busy. This is primarily due to the fact that they don't have the world's largest chocolate fountain running through their store, which means that there are not a lot of people milling about as a tourist attraction.. . Anyways, this is a great place to relax, refresh, and eat a nice breakfast, lunch, or light dinner. As a side note, this place is also open til 12 AM!. . Happy eating!
Most delicious chocolate croissant in the whole entire world!!! I have tried chocolate croissants many many places and nothing comes close to this place!! Their ice cream is also good and of course best chocolate!!!!!
Prices are on the high side, but I was expecting this of any store in the Cosmopolitan. This bakery is booming with business, as it should be. Their display items are pieces of art and their store is decorated very beautifully. It was so hard to decide what to get because I literally wanted everything and their selection is huge.
Enjoyed looking at everything and I mean everything that was made out of chocolate! . . Amazing work!
I love this location in comparison to the Bellagio one.  This one has a really good design for seating, while at Bellagio, everyone is fighting for a seat at the limited 3 tables that are off to the side of the shop that are always occupied or the chairs have been dragged to another table so that a family of 6 can dine at a table for 2.  Their selection of sweets aren't are large as at the Bellagio, but for a quick bite this location suffices.  Not to mention it's not far from the sky suites lobby.  I love their crepes, the savory ones comes with a small side salad with a nice vinaigrette dressing.  I always get a box of their truffles to take home with me.  They're so smooth and creamy!
This is my second time staying at Aria and this cafe is the best thing about the hotel! The pastries - there are so many! They all look beautiful they taste delicious and most importantly they are always fresh! So many people are constantly ordering that all the deserts are being made constantly! They have delicious gelato too! I had breakfast here today and let me tell you, the Salmon Crepe was SO good also got the Nutella crepe with fruits which was so yummy! The staff here is friendly and works great under pressure. I just wish the prices of the to go sweets were cheaper - they are ridiculously priced. Also the place can get pretty crowded during meal times. They have sandwiches and omlettes too. The crepes and omlettes take a little while so opt for a sandwich if you are in a rush. Can't wait to come back!!
This is such a beautiful dessert place! Every dessert is so intricately decorated--it's almost too pretty to eat!! I ordered the rose macaroon and chocolate mousse. Both were SOOOOOOO perfect and delicious!! The rose macaroon even had a sugar rose petal on it! Can't wait to go back :)
