We had breakfast here. Elegant and classy are two to describe Bouchon. I had the smoked salmon on baguette...wonderful. Wife had the French toast..a small little tower of heaven. Great experience.
We absolutely love the appetizers. Salmon Rillettes is a must! I saw the onion soup and could not stop myself from ordering one as well. The oysters were really fresh and started our evening with a bang. I was a little overwhelmed with the size of my entree, which was a trout. It was basically half of a trout. The cauliflower puree with white truffle was amazing with the fish though. Our server was really nice despite the fact that it was super busy that night and there were some rude diners crowding the walkway by the tables. Overall, a great experience. I want to come back!
One of the best dinning experience in vegas. Menu is little limited but everything at dinner was tasty. really enjoyed it, wait staff was solid and the decor was pleasant and refreshing from the usually over the top crap elsewhere in town.
I really dug Bouchon.  The setting was classy, the food was delicious, and ambiance really put it all together.  . . Bouchon starts off the table with the classic: bread and butter http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=fXfqzKdLWyLTFWk4sJ7HkQ. . I usually gauge a restaurant by what kind of bread they serve.  It usually represents what is to come.  The bread was very fresh.  It was shaped like a wheat stalk, which conveniently breaks off to share.  The butter was soft, nutty, and smooth.  Pistachios were a nice touch too.. . To start, I ordered the duck confit. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=I9glHwUtGX9sGvokK4fPPg. . This truly was the highlight of my meal.  There's something about duck confit.  The whole process changes the duck leg.  It tastes better than a normal preparation.  The outside was crispy and theinside meat was beyond tender.  It simple fell apart.  It came with some greens, peaches, and a sauce that perfectly melded the flavors.. . For my plat principaux, I enjoyed a Croque Madame.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=SR73vxNb49DOALh-gDtazQ. . I've never had a ham and cheese sammie in such style.  The brioche was rich with a tender crumb.  The fried egg was perfectly cooked and overflowing with mornay sauce.  You're going to need a fork and knife with this one.  It came with a side of frites.  Nom.. . I was able to sneak...I mean sample friends meals.. . The quick notes: . . Steak Frites - I enjoyed it, but if your not used to a flatiron steak it's not for you.  My friend did not approve of this cut.. . Saumon Poele - Great flavor, texture, and cooked perfectly.  Highly recommended.  . . Gnocchi a la Parisienne - Best gnocci I have ever eaten.  Period. . Eat here.  You need it.   You want it.
NO RESERVATIONS. (actually...we had reservations at 6:45pm and we beat the dinner rush! nice job on making the reservations LiLy!!). . . I never made it out to The French Laundry when I lived in the Bay Area so I've been wanting to try this place ever since I watched the No Reservations: Vegas episode. I thought that it would be perfect to do my 100th review Anthony Bourdain style. I came here with a few of my favorite yelp-izzles. LiLy D, Elnino F, and Angela H made this dinner hella damn fun!. . Our server Michael, was awesome. He had the specials memorized and kept us entertained with jokes throughout the night.. . What I ordered:. . Salmon Rillettes $17.50. Steak Frites $36.50. Sauteed Spinach $7.50. 1 Bottle of Cabernet - France 2007 $48. . There are no bread plates, so you just eat off the table. The bread comes out warm and was very good. They also give you some warm pistachios. . . The Salmon Rillettes were my favorite dish of the night. It is fresh & smoked salmon served with toasted croutons. I think LiLy might have liked that dish more than me. I also had some of LiLy's Onion Soup and I like that too. I have a bite of Elnino's Endive Salad. . . The Steak Frites was cooked to perfection. It is a pan-seared prime flatiron steak with caramelized shallots, maitre d'hotel butter & french fries. I originally asked for my steak cooked rare, but changed it to medium-rare as suggested by our server. Great suggestion Michael! The Sauteed Spinach was good too. I had a few pieces of LiLy's lamb. It was a little salty, but still good. I had a piece of Elnino's scallop, which was yummy. I also had a bite of Angela's chicken, which was also yummy!. . The wine was a good choice. Nice pick LiLy!!. . I wanted dessert, but didn't see anything that jumped off the page.. . I will mos def come back for some more of the Salmon Rillettes and probably try some of the shellfish.
I have eaten in 45 of the 50 states and in 7 different countries.  This was one of the top 3 meals I have ever had in my entire life.  Best service also.  Definitely a MUST in your lifetime along with his other restaurant The French Laundry!
Coming back for my 3rd visit to Bouchon was really exciting for me as I had missed out on visiting here on my last trip.  Since I was revisiting a lot of old favorite spots during this trip (Mon Ami Gabi, RM Seafood, Hash House A Go Go, Earl of Sandwich), Bouchon was priority number one on my list!. . Since I came here on a Monday they didn't have Chicken and Waffles on the menu.  *Sad face*  So for Plan B I settled for my other favorite, their Croque Madame ($19.00).  And once again, I got all giddy when it was presented to me at my table (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=b0fG316wLNRXF8tsv3ck0A).  I don't know if it's because I haven't had it in 2 years, but I liked it even more this time than I did when I first had it.  The runny Egg with the Mornay Sauce just worked so well with the Ham and Cheese on Toasted Brioche.  Coupled together with Bourdain's "best fries ever," it made for a very delicious breakfast!. . Service once again didn't disappoint as I had a very friendly waiter who checked up on me very frequently during my meal.  Though one thing that was missing was my twisty French bread and jam.  It was okay though since the Croque Madame with Fries was more than enough for my morning meal.. . Despite the fact that even after three visits here I haven't had dinner yet, I still haven't regretted in choosing to go here for breakfast as it's still a step above all restaurants on the strip.  Hopefully or eventually, I will come back here for a dinner service.  Or I could just come back again for brunch for some Chicken and Waffles!!!
One thousand plus reviews later, does Bouchon really need another one? YES! Because it is THAT awesome. Chicken and waffles, croque madame, french toast, raspberry beignets, it was all AWESOME.
Pastries and breakfast here is unreal. Our waiter was someone i knew from Hawaii so of course we had first class service. Personal favorite is the corned beef hash. Banana nut muffin and an apple turnover was all i could handle this time around.
Since there are so many reviews I don't think it's necessary to write too much, but this was hands down the best meal my husband and I ever had in our lives. The quality of food and service was absolutely impeccable. We ate in the lounge on Christmas Eve and had the meal of our lives. I had the best salmon I've ever tasted (along with incredibly succulent brussel sprouts), and my husband had the best steak (frites) we've ever tasted as well. Even the bread served before the meal tasted decadent and baked to crusty perfection. Overall, the food (and experience) was absolutely, positively perfect.
This was my first visit to any of Thomas Keller's restaurants and I can't wait to try the others. We had to catch a show so we ate an early dinner right when they opened at 5pm. It seems like a lot of people also go here from brunch, so I can't wait to try that next time! . . He ordered the special artichoke appetizer and the chicken. . The artichoke hearts were lightly breaded and fried. The batter was very light and was not oily at all. There was a pimentel aioli to dip and tiny slivers of olives as well. The watercress on the top was a nice touch too. . . The chicken was probably the best roast chicken we've ever had. The skin was crispy and the meat was extremely juicy. The jus was so flavorful and I could not resist dipping my bread into it! The server informed us that the chicken was in a brine and then left to rest for 24 hours before being roasted. It was served over . . Having eaten a late lunch only a couple hours before, I ordered the house salad and the special crab appetizer (so adventurous, I know). I wish I ordered more, but did not want to feel the guilt of wasting food that took so long and so much care to prepare. . . The house salad was full of fresh mixed greens, topped with a round of herb goat cheese, and tossed with a red wine vinaigrette with shallots. It was amazingly light and very generously portioned. . . The crab appetizer was a cold platter with a large claw and leg. It was served with lemon and 3 sauces, 2 of which we were sure were the same. They tasted almost exactly the same. One was a mustard and the other was your typical marinara sauce. . . The dessert was the absolute best part of the meal. It was the special of the day. The bottom layer was Thomas Keller's own "oreo cookie", topped with a mint-infused bavarian cream full of chocolate crunch balls. Then there was some sort of sponge-like layer over the whole thing. It was to die for. There was a mint streak on the plate and a double chocolate ice cream as well. This was a euphoric moment to have this with a cup of strong black coffee.
I'm in love! I'm super thankful for the awesome Bouchon staff that was able to accommodate me for a quick and delicious Sunday Brunch before I left Vegas on a jet plane.. . I told the host that I needed to be quickly seated and out of the Restaurant in less than 50 minutes. The host told me that I could immediately be seated at the bar, which I found my way just fine. The server was extra attentive to my needs and understood the immediacy of my visit. He recommended a few dishes and even the Manager (so i think it was) came to the table to let me know that their French Toast could be made immediately. . . I decided to take my chances on time and go with the Salmon Baguette and the Yogurt Parfait. They also served a complimentary twisty bread with jam and butter. Mmm...! Everything was so neatly displayed and delicious. Don't you just LOVE brunch time?. . Anyway, to keep it short, Bouchon was fab and the service was exceptional! They even bumped my order to the top of the list to get me out of the Restaurant on time. I will definitely visit Bouchon again try out other items from their menu without having to be in a rush.. . Je t'aime Bouchon. Je t'aime.
This is one of my favorite places to eat breakfast, in Vegas or anywhere else.  The waffles with fresh fruit are awesome, and the french toast is unique and tasty.  Their pastries are all very good as well.  . The service is prompt and courteous, from the front desk to the servers and bus boys.  There can be a wait at times, but there is a nice seating area to spend your time.  It is reasonably priced for Vegas restaurants, and definitely worth checking out.
One of the best meals I've ever enjoyed was at Bouchon.  Thank you  Thomas Keller.  I've actually been here twice for dinner, and both times far exceeded my expectations.  I've enjoyed their roasted leg of lamb which was extremely well prepared.  But their steak frites is out of this world!  Perfectly seared outside, and soft, tender inside.  Bursting with flavor.  And the fries are insane!  They may be the very best fries I've ever had.  The nice crunch and salty seasoning.  They give you a ton of them too, which is great.  Bouchon has a really fun bistro atmosphere.  Their bar in the front is really cool, showcasing their fresh fish.  I've heard so many good things about their breakfast, this may be something I need to experience on a future trip.  But for now, Bouchon remains a top spot on list for Vegas.
I don't even know where to start with this.  I came to Bouchon for brunch on Sunday and was quite pleased bythe food, service, and the in between of it all.  Our server was very attentive, checking in on us quite often and beating us to the punch when it came to refilling drinks and even getting us things we didn't even think we needed.. . The food we ordered was also super wonderful.  We had ordered the sourdough waffles, the omelet du jour, and the mussels with fries and everything was sooooo good!  It was hard deciding what to get and I'm pretty sure that if we did order something else, it would have been equally as delicious and wonderful.  . . I wish I lived in Vegas just so I could go here again and again!
Walking through the maze of The Venetian casino floor - up an elevator, pass some elegantly painted murals, and across a short bridge - it's well worth the effort to grab a knife and fork at Bouchon. . . Went here twice on my trip both times I was satiated by the food and the service. We were served bread on the table, along with warm pasticcios. The bread is fresh - probably about a couple of hour's hold - crispy crust - soft and moist interior. The bread was served with little ramicans of butter - and you just grab a piece of a "branch" of the bread. . . Had a few items during my visit. . Coquilles St. Jacques Poeles. Somewhat of a light meal - but rich in flavor and texture. The Scallops were done perfectly, with not the texture of being coming rubber. Fork tender meat - with a nice serving of muschrooms. The sauce was rich in it's own right, a nice complement to the Scallops. . . Sorbet aux Fruits. It tasted good! Fresh pear sorbet - tasted as a real pear on a summer's afternoon. . . . Pork delmonico chop, Brussels sprouts, red wine-glazed pears & roasted shallot pork jus. The pork chop was cooked exquisitely, perfectly done, nice amount feeling like a cave-man when eating this. The Brussels sprouts were a nice touch - but the red-wine glazed pears made the dish. A good natural sweetness (and tang?) to contribute to the savory-ness of the pork. The sauce it-self was sweet with the taste of pears - and some of the notes of the wine. Nice way to end a long day at work. . . . Creme brulee. First, it was delicious - a very sweet treat. The sugar was crispy; a floating crystal lake of sugar atop a soft-solid that is creme. The creme had a hint of vanilla, but the better part was it had black pepper in the dessert. A great spice kick and it was unexpected.  Bit of advice, it comes in a ramican that measures about 8", once dish can easily serve two. . . . Service. I gotta say service is top-notch, which is why I'm giving this place five stars. The staff here enjoys their work, has a sincere smile on their face - and always happy to assist you. Our waiter was patient with explaining the various items in detail that I would consider above the standard customer service. When staff is happy and enjoying themselves, then the customers in turn, are happy customers. And considering how busy this place, keeping a smile would be challenging - but these waiters and servers made it look easy.
In love with this place !!! Service are awesome ! Food are also awesome !! I order the pastry basket and chicken and waffle for brunch, stuffed!! My coffee is bottomless !! I'll definitely will visit again!!
Went for breakfast with my family, and it was fantastic.  Everything from the coffee and OJ on was high quality and done right.  Among us wen had. -pain au chocolat, flakey and perfect. -potatoes lyonaisse, crisp outside and tender in. -quiche florentine, loaded with spinach, but held together and still rich with egg and a flakey crust, and great salad.. -sourdough waffles with pecans, bananas and vanilla bean butter, crispy outside, tender inside, perfect.. -brioche, custard, apple "french toast" bread pudding style, fantastic.. . We all loved it.
This was my one and only real meal in Vegas during an intense weekend outing. Even though I felt extremely sick during my meal, I still really liked it (I love food in general)!! We went for "brunch" at noon and left at 3pm!. . I got chicken and waffles. It's not a great thing to get when you're hung-over but it really is delicious. Its a little heavy (the gravy you pour on the chicken is heavy) and the waffles have little salty pieces of bacon on it, but it is DELICIOUS. I especially like the combo flavor of sweet syrup and salty chicken. The chicken was also super tender, probably some of the most tender I've ever had.... . I tried my friend's croque madame and it was DELICIOUS as well. The brioche bread was buttery and delicious and the ham was a good salty contrast. The french fries were amazing as well (probably some of the best fries I've ever had).. . I got a chocolate croissant which was amazing (honestly everything was amazing) and the bread they serve you is great too. Desert was even better! We got 7 deserts and I think I tried all of them. The best were a creme puff / ice cream pastry thingy, chocolate cake thingies (so good!!), and the lemon tart. The flan was good, but i didnt have a lot. I didnt like the custard that much.. . This meal was amazing AND I was feeling realy sick (so this should underscore how amazing the meal was). I honestly wish I felt better so I could have enjoyed it more. Must come back!!
Service - 5 stars! We came here this past weekend for a friends birthday. We were a party of 11 - came in around 1pm on a Saturday and left at 330pm, but only ended up waiting around 20 minutes without reservation for brunch. . . Food - I shared a chocolate croissant with a friend as appetizer (with side of grapefruit juice), and got the Croque Madame (which was absolutely amazing with the sunny side up eggs!). I'm already a huge fan of french fries as well, but these were extra delicious! My friend ordered the chicken & waffles - VERY heavy for a brunch (especially if you're feeling a little hung over given the gravy and other sauces), but otherwise super savory!. . We also ordered the dessert platter (ordered 6 of the 7 desserts) they had on the menu. My two favorites were the bonbon (ice cream cream puff-like) and the creme brulee!!!! My least favorite were the the flan (it was kind of bland in my opinion) and the custard cake (also very nothing atypical).. . Again - service was SUPERB. I would definitely come back here on my next Vegas trip!
I had the Steak Frites, and my GF had the Porkchop. . . Wow, Amazing meal, the steak was like butter.. Staff was funny and easy going.. Expensive but I would definitely come here again.
Bread and butter-- 2 thumbs up!. . Trout with fennel puree and garden vegg-- fabulous! Lightly-flavored, slightly creamy and soft-textured. One of those things that you can just eat and eat and not feel grossly full. . . Gnocchi a la Parisienne-- thoroughly enjoyed the toasted exterior of the gnocchi (which was sauteed first i think); no real sauce, just paired with sauteed beets, herbs, and goat cheese. Great combination of flavors. . . Classy spread, impeccable service.
The breakfast I had at Bouchon is one that still makes my mouth water at the thought. My wife and I started off with a pastry selection of almond brioche, apple cinnamon croissant, cream cheese danish and chocolate almond danish. The apple cinnamon croissant was the special of the day and was the winner hands down. The baker split the croissant and placed sliced apples topped with a cinnamon sugar crumble and baked the pastry to a toasted consistency. Absolutely amazing! The cream cheese danish was a flaky pastry shaped similar to a cupcake and filled with a cream cheese filling. Again, absolutely amazing. . . I thought we had seen the highlight of breakfast with the pastry's and the meal would be just an afterthought. I was wrong. I had the bread pudding style French toast. The moist bread mixture separated by caramelized apples topped with maple syrup was out of this world! My wife went with the croque madame which was grilled ham and cheese on brioche topped with mornay sauce and a sunny side up egg. This sandwich was warm, rich and delicious. I recommend any breakfast fans to try this one of a kind breakfast, I believe you will not regret it.
Sharp, knowledgeable, helpful waiters.  Amazing quality food considering the price.  You can end up going to Jerry's Deli (in LA), getting horrible quality food, and spending the same amount of money as Bouchon.  A great experience overall.
I love this!. My boyfriend and I came here for dinner.. We ordered steak which was incredibly delicious and meaty!. Everyone there looked really nice including the diners and the waiters. . We had a great experience here. Loved the food, the atmosphere, and the service.. The oysters were amazing!!! I felt like swimming in the ocean while they were melting in my  mouth. YUM!!. Oh! also I had the bouchon martini and it tasted like straight vodka. If you can't take the alcohol, I recommend you don't order it. . I was a little buzzed after the dinner. Loved it. . . Loved. It.
Had a great business dinner. Beautiful restaurant, delicious food, attentive service.  Highly recommended.  The bistro fare is excellent, as are the more sophisticated dishes.  Desserts are wonderful, profiteroles and creme brule are outstanding.
I had dinner here and it's simply amazing. From the decor, the baked goods, down to the service, everything was very well put together. It's a really fancy place, so I suggest dressing up would be appropriate.. . Their most popular dish here was the porkchops, so I ordered that. It was super tender, moist, and very flavorful! Came with brussel sprouts and poached pears. yummy.. . Their mango sorbet was also very good. They give you 2 scoops of it as a dessert entree. The price is very reasonable, and if you're with good company, this will be an overall great experience!
Judging from the hundreds of glowing reviews here, you don't need me to tell you that this place is awesome, but I will anyway. . . I was recently in Vegas to celebrate my birthday, and decided this would be the best way to start my actual day of birth. So we showed up (kind of on the late side for brunch) and put our name on the list. Though the host said it would take us 50 minutes to be seated, we were seated in more like 10-15. (Yes, he said 50. Not 15. I checked.) Nice surprise!. . After inspecting the menu, we had to go with some of the more famous brunch dishes on the menu. My boyfriend chose the chicken and waffles, and I went with the mussels and frites. We also couldn't resist the salmon tartare appetizer that was on special that day.. . First off was the salmon and a couple of mimosas. Both were extremely tasty. The salmon was super fresh, and served with bits of egg, red onion, capers, along with a bit of toasted bread. My only complaints was that we didn't get quite enough toast to eat everything and the small pieces of eggs and such were kind of difficult to get on the bread. The taste was fantastic, though.. . Then came the main courses, and they were as good as everyone says. The mussels were a nice variation on the usual preparation, as the mustard in the sauce gave it the kick that it needed. The fries were nicely crisp and perfectly seasoned, definitely in the top five of best fries I've ever had. And the chicken and waffles? I got to try a bit, and it was amazing. The waffle was nice and fluffy, with bits of bacon and chives in there. And they serve it with roasted chicken that was perfectly cooked. Perhaps most surprising were the portion sizes, which were enormous. I wasn't particularly hungry for the rest of the day.. . The service was top notch and the atmosphere was nice and laid back. A+++. Would brunch again.
Absolutely fantastic! First visited Bouchon in Yountville four years ago and was counting the days until I might return.  My second visit was as good as I remember. Salmon rillette is rich, creamy and wonderful. The trout was cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth. My husband had the steak frites....crisp fries with a nice sprinkling of salt. And the service was outstanding, making our visit that much better. Cannot wait to return!
I was on crack or something last time I rated this place.  You can't get this quality of food in Vegas at these prices anywhere else.  It's not cheap but for this quality it's a very nice deal.. . If you come for breakfast get their chicken and waffles.  The waffles are just ridiculously good.  Yeah it's probably their most profitable item but who cares?  You don't have that waffle recipe so you're gonna have to bite the bullet.. . Anything braised/sous vide is awesome-o.  Desserts not quite as good since the last pastry chef (Chris) left but still pretty darn good.
WOW! Went here for my birthday dinner this year and never felt more like a princess. We made a reservation via opentable.com and arrived early. The entrance through the Venetian was a treat! Just spectacular decor inside the restaurant as well, I just couldn't help taking a picture or two. True to its French roots, the interior is antiqued tile, wood and brass. Chalkboard specials and paper menus made the interior warm and approachable. Greeted by a very friendly wait staff, we waited for our table at the bar, where I had one very amazing cocktail. My boyfriend sampled what he called the "best manhattan in Las Vegas." . . Russell was our waiter and he was so kind and made everything on the menu sound decadent (which i'm positive it is). Highly recommend the Cotelette de Porc (pork chop) and the Coquilles St. Jacques Poeles (scallops), but what blew us away was the Salmon Rillettes appetizer. I could have licked the container! . . I really can't think of a better experience. You can be sure that I'll be back again next time I'm in Vegas. I also can't wait to try the Yountville location. Maybe someday I'll make it to French Laundry. I'm sure it'll be a religious-type of experience. . . For quality French cuisine, with attention to detail and a friendly, approachable staff, andaffordable prices, look no further!. Thank you Bouchon for a very happy 27th!
Another success for Thomas Keller.  Located on the quieter back side of the Venetian, this large French restaurant is great for lunch or dinner, but the best for Sunday brunch.  It gets busy quick so either come early or be prepared to wait. . . There is fresh seafood that greets you behind the host's platform.  I suggest a dozen oysters and a spicy bloody mary to get things started.  Almost everything on the menu is delicious, and they always have a few specials including an omlette/egg dish.  If you have room at the end, have some french press coffee and the beignets.  This is my recipe for happiness.  Oh yeah, finish by waddling back to your room, having some afternoon nookie (optional), and then taking a fat ass nap.  Life is good.
My breakfast at Bouchon was phenomenal, it was perfection and then some.  I ordered the Sourdough waffles which had bananas and toasted walnuts, and my friend ordered the Bouchon french toast.  The presentation of the meals was gorgeous and just added to the ambiance of the restaurant.  The service was also on point, we really felt that we were being treated like royalty.  The waiter spoke of chicken with waffles, which is one of their specials, I would love to try that next time I dine at Bouchon.  And you can bet money on it that there will be a next time  :)
This is one of the few restaurants with high quality food at reasonable prices. I came here with my husband and he ordered the steak frites ($36.50) which he really enjoyed. and OMG, the fries, I'm not kidding, are so good. I had the foie gras with toasted baguette ($49). It was sooo good but way too much. Five ounces of foie gras?! I'd wish they offer it in a smaller size. I really like this place, we're planning to go back the next time we're in sin city.
I've been here several times and everything here is always perfect. From the wait service to the quality of the food. The butter here is simply amazing. . . I ordered the Boudin Blanc while my husband ordered the chicken and waffler. My goodness, that is the juicest, perfectly seasoned roast chicken I think I've ever had in my life!!. I totally wasn't expecting it and I found myself eating off my husband's dish. The boudin blanc is tasty as well since I've had it before, it's a good dish to get over and over. . . This time i ordered a side of Lyonnaise potatoes. Potatoes were good, but with all the other food I was eating already, i barely finished that. . . I'm definitely a fan of Bouchon since this is my must stop brunch place whenever I am in Vegas. Next time I really want to try the beignets!!
Brunch at Bouchon is wonderful. . . The coffee is delicious. It was pressed perfectly. Or however it was prepared, it was great. The coffee is very smooth and not overpowering. I didn't add any sugar or cream to it tasted just fine without it. . . The food is also delectable. Even though it is a small brunch menu, I wanted to order everything. I ordered one of the brunch specials that day- an egg omelet with spinach, tomatoes and cheese. Sides of sausage and toast. It was yum-tastic. I had a taste of the Chicken and Waffles and was slightly disappointed. The roasted chicken was good, but the waffle was a little dry.  . . I'm so happy there are two other locations in California =)
I've always heard great things about Bouchon and since I'd been to Mon ami Gabi the last time I was in vegas, I thought I'd try Bouchon this time. I have to say that everything our group had was just amazing! We ordered their petite seafood platter for the guys - the oysters were so good we ended up ordering another dozen. They were small - just the way I like them (I think raw oysters taste better when they're young) and FRESH omg delicious! I just ordered the pate and the mixed greens salad for dinner but I thoroughly enjoyed every bit of both. Everyone at our table loved the food (we ordered everything from fish, scallops, pork belly, and even gnocchi) Everything was top notch. As is the tradition with all French restaurants, it took a while to get our food, but we took our time and enjoyed our meal. I have to say that their service is amazing too. While waiting for the rest of our party, the girls and I were sitting in the waiting area and one of the servers offered us drinks - when I told him my stomach wasn't feeling well, he brought me an orange concoction that made me feel so much better! It really meant a lot to me that he went out of his way to make me feel better so that I could enjoy my meal and the rest of our fun-filledevening. I would absolutely recommend Bouchon to anyone that wants to enjoy a nice and delicious dinner. Now I'll have to try the Bouchon here in Santa Barbara!
AH-MAZING!!!!  Was here for my bff's wedding and she had the ceremony and reception there.  Loved every single minute of it!. . Service - they bend over backwards to help you with anything. Food - Top notch stuff - highlights was the mushroom puff pastry appetizer, cheese puff, beurre blanc sauce, steak with carmelized onion... . Def. give this a chance, you won't be disappointed.
I went here for a Saturday brunch and loved it. I started with the cappuccino and it was okay - I had better. I ordered a Croque Madame and the egg looked beautiful. It was filing and was not super salty. The fries included were perfect.  My friend ordered the Chicken & Waffles and it had a few sauces for it; and it was very delicious and filling.  I totally recommend.
Alright, my favorite french resturant... and I dont like french resturants usually! This place has by far the best baked goods I've had in a very long time... I've been there twice and we ordered the pastry basket filled with different amazing croissants, muffins, almond brioches... SO GOOD. Their breakfast foods are pretty good as well. I've only been there for breakfast so I cant speak for any other meals, but I always leave very happy and full.
Perhaps one of my favorite places in Vegas. Thomas Keller's restaurant really blows me away as some of the best food I've had in Vegas.. . They also let my scraggly ass in when I was hardly dressed for an outdoor club let alone a decent place like this. Granted it was the late afternoon so I wasn't sticking out like a sore thumb in a crowd of nicely dressed diners, but that still gets this place bonus points.. . Hint: If you're on a budget, come here anyway and drop 8 bucks or whatever on the french fries. They are easily the best I've ever had.
Finding a venue for a destination wedding for 150 people in Las Vegas wasn't easy, but we found the perfect place at Bouchon Bistro. The breathtaking dining room, the stunning bar, and the huge courtyard was perfect for our ceremony, reception, and dancing. It's common knowledge that wedding food isn't always the best. Well, at Bouchon, we and our guests not only had awesome wedding food--it was just awesome food. Many of our guests said it was the best fish and steak they'd ever had. And the pastry chef offered to make two flavors of cake, and each plate was served with a macaron and scoop of ice cream. What a sweet touch!. . But there was one thing that outshined the food--the service was impeccable. The sales manager Debbie had such great attention to detail and helped us organize the ceremony and reception to perfection. The dining operations manager Clayton was incredibly experienced, thoughtful, and easy to work with--he's our hero! Our server Daniel was the epitome of hospitality, and Andrew, the general manager, calmed my nerves just before the walk down the aisle. They were so accommodating with last minute changes, the food was far beyond expectations, and my husband and I spent the week after the wedding in shock with how fabulous everything was. Everyone Bouchon treated us and every one of our 150 guests like family, and we will always thank them for making our wedding day unforgettable and delicious. . . We will be back for dinner for future Vegas trips. Oh yeah. And, though this is a fancy place, they were totally cool with our Elvis officiate. Seriously, the whole staff stood outside and witnessed our "hunkin', hunkin', burnin' love" vows.
Came in for a Sunday brunch and decided to skip the wait and have brunch at the bar tables they have available. The only limitation here is the size of the tables are a bit of a squeeze, but the food more than makes up for this. . . Is my pallet tainted by the allure of a Thomas Keller restaurant? Can't be  seeing as how many famous chef restaurants are available in Las Vegas. (Ended up going to Hubert Keller's Fleur de Lys and Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill). . To start they gave us this "epi?" style bread which was just a fancy french baguette with jam and butter. Enjoyed how they hand deliver it without a plate or anything and plob it right on the tablecloth. . . My girlfriend started with the Croque Madame with the poached egg was delicious and the potatoes that accompanied the dish were excellent. She opted away from the french fries. I really enjoyed the slight crunch. . . Decided to get the chicken and waffles and YUM!! I'll start by saying I have never tried fried chicken and waffles and this was not fried, but honestly I dunno that I even want to try friend chicken rather than the roasted chicken which was moist and came accompanied with some gravy type sauce. . . I couldn't have asked for more and I will say the service is impeccable. . . Definitely worth checking out!
My favorite restaurant in Vegas... every time I visit I will go there once.. . (I would love to make Robuchon my favorite but that's just impractical on the wallet. =)). . Bouchon has that perfect ambience to me... a leisurely bistro feel yet without the dingyness. High ceilings, graceful deco with lovely peaceful garden view. Not to mention the whole Venezia hotel is a piece of ultimate luxury.. . I am a huge Thomas Keller fan. He rarely shows his face on TV and he doesn't open 40 garbage restaurants like so many other American prima donas these days. I am talking to you Wolfgang, Boulud, Flay, Lagasse.... . Bouchon is a restaurant that does what it does the best - cooking good normal food. It doesn't try anything fancy... you won't find molecular food "deconstruction" here, you won't find strawberry turned into a slimey foam by some genius scientific machine here, and you won't find some tiny $500 truffle that only grow at XX and flown to Vegas within YY hours here.... . Ok, going back to the food.... . . Lamb shank: oh so good and giant piece of lamb shank. Stewed hours to make it perfectly moist and tender. Oh so good 10/10!!. . French Onion Soup: to be frank this one is a wash... the soup is a little salty and I'd love more caramelization on the onions, but the cheese is solid and it still tastes good, just not heavenly. 7/10.. . Sturgeon with grilled bacon and snails: this is the largest piece of sturgeon I had for a while, grilled to perfection, sauce is tasty too. Best fish dish I had for this Vegas trip. 9/10.. . Mussels in white wine butter sauce: it's almost surprising that they can make something so normal taste much better than everyone else. Go order it. 10/10.. . Since I wrote a review, I have to specially mention the chicken waffle at their brunch menu... everyone should try it as it's that good, cheap too at $25. 10/10.
White sausage w/ potato puree and prunes: Sausage is very soft and moist, good flavor. . Potatoes puree w/ prunes: The prunes added a sweet flavor with the puree'd potatoes. . Assiette de Charcuterie : Fine deli meats with pickled veggies
Delicious gnocchi.  Adorable, French bistro decor.  Rich desserts.  All in all a great meal at a reasonable price.  Go early because it fills up quickly!
Went here for breakfast with my family.  I couldn't imagine what the fuss was about - after all, how could one really innovate on baked goods or standard American breakfast?  . . I was very wrong.  The apple croissant that I had was absolutely amazing and was a great complement to the American breakfast that I ordered.  I am a fan of poached eggs and they were poached just right.  Their coffee was also very good, and everyone at the table agreed that the food was top notch.. . Would definitely come again and again!
Some of the finest dining I have done. They wait staff was very helpful to me and my girlfriends vegetarianism. Was perfect for the night I had planned, as I was going to ask my girlfriend to marry me after the dinner, and she said yes = ). . . As they were very pricey, it was well worth it.
It's a rare meal when, at the end, I'm excited to have only paid $100, tip included. It's even more rare when I am anxious to return, and nearly do so the very next day.. . Loria and I visited The Venetian resort in Las Vegas last year specifically to enjoy Bouchon Bakery, a small stand outside of the Phantom of the Opera Theatre. The first visit made such an impression that our final stop on the way out of the town consisted of my parking illegally in the hotel's covered entrance, leaving her to watch after the car, sprinting to drop a silly amount of money, and then running back with two bags full of baked goods.. . While the eponymous bouchon, a dense, rich chocolate brownie bite, the lemon and raspberry macaron, and the eclairs were each delicious, it was the ham and cheese sandwich that really surprised me. It takes something this simple and elegant to really make the point that Thomas Keller is a genius, and clearly knows how to coax maximum flavor out of each ingredient. On a not entirely unrelated note, we repeated the exercise this year, nearly doubling last year's expenditure. The prices are, in some cases, double that of a regular bakery. Food with the precision and thought like that served in a Keller restaurant is worth every penny. Which is my way of saying, visit the bakery, go prepared to spend some cash, and don't look back.. . Having enjoyed the baked goods last year, we decided to make the actual restaurant the central dining experience of the trip. Good call.. . If you've ever read a Thomas Keller recipe, you'll know that "precision" isn't finely detailed enough a word to describe the man's work. When somebody suggests that I cut up a chocolate bar for use in a chocolate chip cookie, and then use a sieve on the pieces of chocolate to make sure that the smaller shards don't end up melted into the dough and change the pale color, you know that you're dealing with somebody who really cares about the smallest details of his food. It shows and I'm grateful.. . Bouchon Bistro is a recreation of Keller's casual eatery in Yountville, California. It serves French bistro food, dressed up for a night on the town. Or, in some cases, dressed down and simplified in very elegant and flavorful ways.. . The staff was beyond friendly. Our waiter bantered wittily when appropriate, and gave us plenty of space when we needed it. I love a server who pays attention, and this guy was very much on his game. His description of the specials indicated clearly that he'd sampled each of them, which seems to be a dying tradition in restaurants. His first recommendation put us in a quandary: the night's special appetizer sounded amazing, but I've read a bit about the pate and have my heart set on it. In an evening filled with great choices, we decide to do both.. . It consisted of pork shoulder, cooked low and slow for the entire day, pressed into the shape of a long, thin candy bar. The pork presse was topped with an apricot preserve and a salad of marble-sized heirloom tomato halves. These parts of the dish alone would have been worth the money. The genius bit, though, was a sprinkling of dried garlic flowers, so pungent and flavorful, with a bit of creme fraiche to combat the acid of the tomatoes. I would love to know what, exactly, had been done to those small flowers to make them so filled with garlic flavor. Whether they were soaked or treated in some manner before drying, or they came from The French Laundry's garden, they were the extra bit that put an already remarkable dish over the top.. . As for the pate, I honestly don't remember the details. It had some bacon around the outside. It made me feel very happy for the lucky pig that gave its life for the dish. I remember feeling like it would have been a serious mistake had we passed it up. I will not visit Bouchon again without getting the pate before my meal.. . For our entrees, we choose the Kurobuta pork loin and the croque madame. The pork was served with a mustard water and creme fraiche on a small bed of wilted swiss chard and lightly heated peaches. I will admit that, though I do dearly love pork, I have only rarely had a pork loin that I was really excited about. Given how the appetizers went, I was fairly confident that Bouchon's take on it stood a decent chance of turning that around for me and I wasn't disappointed. It was weet, tender, and very delicate. The pairing of stone fruit with pork, a traditional favorite in late-summer, was a nice compliment. I certainly enjoyed it and might even order it again.. . The croque madame was, however, all kinds of amazing.. . This one was my wife's choice, though we shared both entrees. Here is the menu description:. . toasted ham & cheese sandwich on brioche,. fried egg & mornay sauce. served with French fries. . Reading that, I was underwhelmed. I was wrong.. . Apparently the rest of the review is in excess of the 5k characters Yelp wants from me, so please see my blog for the rest of it.  The link is in my profile.
Sunday Brunch Review (our 2nd visit). . This was our second time eating at Bouchon in Vegas.  The first was for dinner and this time was for the Sunday brunch.. . I found out about the brunch from all the great reviews on Yelp so I wanted to see what it was all about... especially since I was drooling over all the pics of the chicken and waffles!. . Brunch begins at 10am and they do not accept reservations.  It's first come first serve, but we didn't have to wait long (maybe 15 minutes - we showed up around 10:30 and this was a dead weekend at the beginning of April).  . . You can't beat the buzzing bistro atmosphere here with their checkered floors, giant windows, and friendly service. We arrived starving (prob not a good idea) and devoured the bread and jam they served us.  This stuff was delicious.. I think it was a strawberry jam... I'm not sure what the flavor was, but we couldn't eat enough of it.. . We ordered the croque madame and the chix + waffles.  The waffles were fantastically fluffy yet crispy and the egg on top of my sandwich hit the spot.  They piled a million fries on my plate, I couldn't even put a minor dent in them, but they were delicious.. . Drinks - We ordered a cappuccino and two Kir Royals $12.50 ea.. (creme de cassis with champagne and lemon twist).. which is now my new favorite drink!. . With 2 meals, a cappuccino, and 2 champagne cocktails the bill came out to around $100.  The price was expected.. not cheap, but not too over-the-top expensive for a fantastic restaurant in Las Vegas with a classy vibe.. . I will be back for a third time.. maybe for lunch if they serve it!
It's official...Bouchon serves my favorite breakfast in North America.. . It all started over dinner the previous night.  We had tickets for Le Reve and a reservation at Bouchon.  The host let us know the power was down but should be up quickly.  No problem, we gave an extra 30 minutes.  We sat outside on a gorgeous night and our server let us know it might be a while.  We could order salads and cold items but that was it.  Unfortunately, we didn't have enough time for an alternative fine dining experience on a Friday night.  I made due with a goat cheese salad (that was missing the goat cheese) but my husband decided he didn't want to order anything and would grab a bite on the way to the show.  The restaurant was nearly empty but our server barely paid attention to us.. . As we left, my husband spoke with the manager about our experience and we were invited to brunch in the morning.  The manager on duty was told of our experience and we were treated to the most magnificent breakfast I may have ever had.. . We each ordered one item off the menu and a champagne cocktail.  Moments later, a basket of pastries to rival Parisian bakeries was bought out.  Yogurt parfaits overflowing with berries followed.  Champagne cocktails kept coming.  We could not have had better service.. . We were told when the gluttony was all over that it was all taken care of.. . I am a big believer that it's all about how mistakes are handled and this was perfection.. . I have warned my husband that when we return, I am ordering EVERYTHING again.  Bravo to Bouchon!
BEST. RESTAURANT. EVER.. . From the service to the food... everything deserves an A+++.. . I ordered the steak and it was melt in your mouth delicious. Perfect amount of salt and that garlic butter on top was the best. The fries that came with my steak were addicting and I couldn't stop picking at it.. . I will be back here every time I visit Vegas!!
Ive only been here twice, but both times, the food and service was amazing. . . Make sure you get a pastry basket everytime you go and make one of them a cheese danish... AWESOME.. . I've had Steamed Mussels, Fried chicken & Waffles, and tried their Quiche. All exceptional. Can't wait for my next trip to vegas. I'll definitely be having brunch here again.
The service here is impeccable and so is the food!. . I got the moules-frites while my husband ordered the special for the day, Veal Oscar. We also got an appetizer to share. The food does not disappoint and I felt that a lot of care was given to how it was all prepared. The sauce for the moules-frites was slightly tangy which was very appetizing and before my husband and I knew it we had gone through the entire dish! Good for my palate but bad for my diet! The veal was cooked to perfection with a melt-in-your-mouth juiciness which contrasted nicely with its crispy outer crust. Our server was really attentive and kept stopping by to give us new plates (for the shells) and refiling our beverages.. . All in all, there's really nothing I have to complain about! Note that the servings are kind of huge so it might be a good idea to just share an entree and appetizer if you don't eat a lot. I left Bouchon full but NOT AT ALL stuffed (you know that horrible greasy feeling you get when you overate? Not this time.) This is a true testament to the well-thought out and executed recipes at Bouchon where all the flavors enhance and balance each other out. I know I will be back for more the next time I am back in Vegas!
This place is amazing; great way to try Thomas Keller's stuff at a great price point. The food is quite good; really like the appetizers (try the smoked salmon in clarified butter terrine) and the entrees are also solid. Service is really distinctive; last time I was here, they were about 30 minutes late in seating us, but made up for it with a bottle of wine and free appetizers. The fact that they were willing to do so much (knowing they'd probably not see us for a year as they're in Vegas) goes to show the level of professionalism and commitment to good service. Definitely coming back each time I'm in Vegas.
believe the hype. this Californian-French restaurant is for real. on a recent trip, I had a great dinner and brunch there.  Nothing in Vegas compares to this.  San Francisco-level of food here.
Out of the way of the masses on the tenth floor of the Venetian Casino/Hotel is one of the best restaurants in Vegas.. . We went on a Saturday afternoon when no reservations are taken. Our wait was about 45 minutes but well worth it.. . I ordered the Croque Madame and my husband ordered the chicken and waffles.. . The Croque Madame is a toasted ham and cheese brioche with a fried egg and mornay sauce served with french fries. The meal was prepared perfectly with the egg bursting forth when I cut into the brioche.. . The chicken and waffles were excellent, and it is considered one of Chef Keller's signature dishes. The chicken was cooked perfectly with crispy skin, tender meat and very moist. The experience of biting into chicken, waffle and Tahitian vanilla bean butter sauce was exquisite. It also comes with fries that go very well with the overall presentation.. . Make sure you come on the weekend for Brunch - it is the only time that they serve the chicken and waffles.. . I just wish we had more room to order more food!
We popped in for lunch.  You don't need reservations for lunch, as it is first come first serve, but the wait was still 25 minutes.  However, we were able to sit at the bar and be served right away.  We ordered the steak frites, and the moules frites.  Steak was cooked medium, and was cooked perfectly.  There was a delicious layer of shallots on top that seemed like a coating on top of the meat that makes it kind of look like a steak hashee.  They gave a big serving of frites for both dishes.  The frites were cooked perfectly... very crispy, seasoned just right, and were not too thin where they end up being more like those canned fry chips, or not too thick so they'd be like regular French fries.  The mussels were delicious as well with tiny hints of saffron and mustard.  The service was great.  Our waitress was very friendly, quick, attentive, and did a great job.  We asked if they had sauce pomme frites like we ate in France.  Sadly they did not, but the waitress offered to bring some garlic aioli instead.  We'll definitely come back next time we're in town.
First we had our traditional two dirty gin martinis. For the appetizer I took the oysters - excellent - and for the main course I had the Boudin Blanc - white sausage with potato puree & French prunes (reminded me of something I have had in France). The sausage was out of this world - the best I have ever had!  My wife had the French onion soup, which was just as it should be,  and the main course was the Saumon Poele - sauteed Scottish Salmon with riz rouge, marinated artichokes & smoked salmon nage. Again, delicious - I took a taste of the salmon and it was just as it should be. This coupled with a nice bottle of wine made for a wonderful evening in a busy but comfortable setting with lots of ambiance.  Highly recommended.
My restaurant experience was, in one word, superb:. . *Elevator from the parking structure directly to the restaurant is a nice touch, especially when you're hungry.. . *Went there for Sunday brunch on Mother's Day, so we expected a long wait... and got it.  Was told 1 hour.  Nibbled on a complimentary pastry while we waited and were seated in around a half hour. (Read: don't get discouraged if your wait is long---it's worth it.). . *Stellar service.  It felt like we had 3-4 different people on standby just waiting to refill our drinks, bread, practically anything or ask us how we were doing.  Amazing, considering how busy they were.  The only thing we had to ask for was the check.. . *The food took a bit long to come out (then again hunger has a tendency to slow time), but they kept us occupied with bread and this delectable peach preserve (definitely tasted like it was made in-house).. . *Everything we had was fresh, expertly balanced, cooked perfectly, and just plain delicious.  You must try the RILLETTES AU SAUMONS (appetizer of fresh/smoked salmon with baguettes), MOULES AU SAFRAN (mussels in a wine/saffron broth), CHICKEN & WAFFLES (self-explanatory; far and away the best I've had).. . *The prices were very reasonable.  Our appetizer was about $15 and the entrees were about $25.   . . *The only down-side was that the tables felt too close together.  It was kind of distracting hearing other conversations loud & clear when you're trying to have your own.  An acceptable inconvenience once you get your food and you're too busy enjoying it to talk much!. . (As an aside, the macaron from the bakery was a bit of a disappointment after mygreat experience here---see Buchon Bakery review)
I recently had the pleasure of spending a great weekend in Vegas, and my visit to Bouchon was a highlight.  I've eaten at quite a few high end restaurants, but Bouchon stands out as having some of the tastiest food I've ever eaten.  We had a reservation for six people and were seated within minutes of arrival.. . We started the meal out with cocktails -- if you haven't maxed out on free casino drinks, I would definitely recommend ordering one here, as they have exceptional bartenders.  I had a sazerac on the recommendation of the waiter, and was very pleased.  We also ordered the foie gras appetizer, which was AMAZING.  It was incredibly creamy, melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness, and the portion was very generous: it comes in a five oz glass jar, and even with six gluttons eating it, it was more than enough.  A must-order if you have four or more members of your party (and surprisingly thrifty!).  We also split a small order of gnocci, which is not your typical Italian potato dumpling. This gnocci was flour-based, and fried in butter.  It was incredibly rich, so I definitely would advise against ordering it as a main dish; however, as an appetizer it was nice to try.. . I split a mixed greens salad with my boyfriend, and this was the only low point in the meal.  By the way, the waiter did the sneaky business of asking "And what salad would you like with that?" as you ordered your entree, making you feel semi-awkward if you didn't order one.  I would definitely skip the salads: at around $10 a pop, they are not very tasty.  Our mixed greens salad had a very very sour vinaigrette that made eating the dish rather unpleasant.  The accompanying medallion of goat cheese was so-so, and was too overpowering.  Other people at our table ordered the beet salad which was very pretty, but lacking in flavor.. . However, the main course more than made up for the subpar salads.  I ordered the lamb, and it was incredibly tender and flavorful.  It came on a bed of peas and mini tokyo turnips, which were not only cute but delicious.  The lamb was quite gamey, but since I'm a fan of that, it didn't bother me.  After finishing our entrees, we were far too full to think of dessert -- but if I ever came back here again, I would skip the salad and get a dessert instead.. . Overall, the total bill came to about $70 a person (one cocktail, split small gnocci and foie gras 6 ways, half a salad, one entree, plus tax and tip). Despite the salad being only okay, I left very satisfied with the food, the service, and the restaurant in general.  I would absolutely recommend this place as a splurge during your next Vegas adventure!
my Fiance and i are HUGE fans of Thomas Keller and Bouchon in Yountville that we had to have dinner Saturday night here while in Vegas.   . . We enjoyed our server and was able to have a bottle of our favorite Pinot from Melville winery.  The server recommended an amazing appetizer and we added a salad, gnocchi, mac and cheese, mushrooms and for dessert....ICE CREAM SANDWICHES MADE WITH MACARONS!!!  Absolutely to die for.  . . Bouchon you never let us down....our next restaurant will definitely be the French Laundry!!!!
Excellent meal and high quality service.  Had an excellent chicken and fries meal and a fantastic salad.  Though this was way better than Joel Robuchon.  Also, much chiller with nice bar dining area if you are not interested in a table or doing Vegas solo.
Chicken n waffles a must. Mussels are awesome too. Call to see if they have full menu. Sometimes they only do sandwiches n salads.
Best French bisto in the U.S., second to only Le Comptoir in Paris in my opinion! There's really no weak points on the menu. I loved the dinner from start to finish. You really do get the sense that you just might have woken up in Paris here!
Brunch here was absolutely perfect. Everything I ate, my comment was "couldnt beany better.". Started with their baguette w/ housemade mango jam and delicous whipped butter. Very few things I love more then a perfect bread. . Fresh fried raspberry beignets were amazing.. Sourdough waffles with strawberries were the perfect crunchy/chewey texture, yet I would of liked bananas on mine. . Also ordered their pomme frites which could be the most absolutely perfect traditional french fry.. To top it all off this restaurant is beautiful and aside from being 10 times larger then any french bistro, it really is themed very well. . Was told wait was 45 and we waited no longer then 20 and the nhl playoffs were on tv. Just an amazing place and I cant wait to try the beverly hills and yountville locations.
My family and I recently stayed at the Venetian and on the first morning there and then every morning after that we had breakfast at Bouchon.  . If I close my eyes I can still taste the strawberry croissant!  . There was 6 of us. Everyone ordered a different plate and nobody was disappointed. I don't think you can miss on any of the items on the meny. Some of the higlights were: the vanilla yogurt with fruit and granola, the Croque Madame, the french toast.. . They have an outdoor patio which is refreshing in Vegas and it's in the shade until late.  The bar looked like a nice place to have a quiet breakfast as well.
I think Bouchon is one of those places you have to eat at least once while in Vegas.  I know, Vegas has mouth-watering cuisine at every corner, but there is something special about Bouchon.  . . The first time I dined at Bouchon, I was with 6 other people and we had a reservation for 8:30pm.  Our service was so painfully slow, but my Steak Frites was so buttery and tender that I forgot it almost took 45 minutes to get served.  The server also spilled sauce all over my friend's purse/jacket while clearing our plates, but he was very apologetic.. . I revisited a few days ago and had a 6:30pm reservation for 13 people.  Even though eating this early is not appealing for most folks, we had a substantially better experience.  The service was on point, our drinks were refilled constantly, and our food came out in a timely manner.  I tried the mussels, and the sauce is to die for.  I wish I could just sop up all of the sauce with the yummy bread.. . Overall, I think Bouchon has quality food for very reasonable prices ($20-$45).  Definitely better than any over-priced Vegas buffet!
A must try when in Vegas. The atmosphere, the food, the staff is just amazing. I had the steak and my wife had the scallops. I also loved the french fries ;). It was our last night in Vegas and the waiter told us to try out their chicken and waffles for breakfast but unfortunately, out flight was the early morning the next day. I will make sure to come back here again
Brunch here was phenomenal.  Excellent service paired with delicious food has made this a hotspot that I plan to return to whenever I"m in Vegas for a nicer breakfast meal.. . Stopped in Saturday morning before my flight leaving Vegas with wife and in-laws, and tried the following:. . Chicken and Waffles - Chicken is absolutely tender with a perfect balance of seasoning on the skin.  Waffles were crisp on the outside and soft/chewy on the inside, with some type of fruit (raisin?) that added a hint of sweetness along with some herbs.  The waiter claimed it was life changing, and while it wasn't quite THAT good, it was definitely delicious.. . Smoked Salmon on Baguette - Wonderful smoked salmon in terms of flavor and texture, and the baguette was perfect.  This is one of the few times that my wife finished her dish before mine (the other being Ippudo Ramen in NYC).  It says something.. . Omelette - I didn't get to try this... but I've never seen my father in law clean his plate so  fast before.  It must've been good.  Or he must've been really hungry.  Or the combination of the two.. . Corn Beef Hash - For those that are expecting the stuff from a can, you will be disappointed.  This is freshly corned beef, tender and great flavor, not the mushy stuff in a can that people have come to expect and love (which has it's own merits as well).  Excellent dish.. . Verdict:  Pastries were phenomenal, location is excellent, service was perfect, food was very memorable (my mother-in-law even wrote us to thank us again for taking them to breakfast, and raved about the coffee and crossaint).  In short - the brunch meal was excellent and worth a trip!. . Finally, someone here mentioned that Thomas Keller doesn't keep an eye on the place, however I saw him walk out of the kitchen while I was here and sit down at a table to have breakfast with someone... I would've asked for a picture, but the conversation looked like it may have been an interview and I didn't want to be one of those rude fanboys...  I rest assured that Chef Keller still oversees the work done here.
Recently had a private birthday dinner for two at this Vegas gem. The way to my heart? A handsome dinner companion and a menu as follows: Foie gras as creamy as ice cream. Baguette and butter that I could eat all day. Lobster tail perfectly prepared and on ice (with no mess!). And a shared creme brulee with a birthday candle. . . Our waitress even nobly brought us a replenished absinthe fountain three separate times, and made smart recommendations about the oft-mishandled green fairy, even sharing an anecdote about trying it under a waterfall for the ultimate experience. . . A must when in Vegas.
Another diamond in the rough from Chef great Thomas Keller.  I've only dined at this location, but I never think to visit Vegas without making a special trip to Bouchon.  Previously, I had eaten there for brunch with a close friend.  She had the lox and french bread, and I had the delectable Oeufs et Boudin.  The Boudin is homemade, a mouth-watering mixture of lamb, veal, and chicken, served adorned with a rich truffle sauce and perfectly prepared egg scramble.  Most recently, we dined for dinner and enjoyed our meal al fresco on the lovely Parisian patio.  I had the roast chicken atop a lovely sauteed spinach and greens.   Simple, tender, bursting with flavor surprises of tarragon, dill, and French herbs.  We went with the recommendation of our waiter, and I strongly advise you listen to their expertise!  My friend had the Trout Almondine with asparagus - a gorgeous display, and an even more gorgeous taste.  The wine list is supreme, and the desserts are decadent.  Lastly, but most importantly - try the waffles.  They are yeasted waffles, and unlike any flavor I've ever experienced.  The drizzled syrup only feeds my addiction to the strange and unique taste...crispy on the outside, soft and spongy on the inside.  It's my little corner of Parisian heaven.
In the craziness of Vegas, Bouchon was a peaceful morning retreat.  Bouchon is tucked away in Venetian and like it's simple classic decor, breakfast there was delicious and uncomplicated. . . My sisters and I started with a carafe of fresh grapefruit juice and beignets.  The beignets were perfectly hot, fluffy, and sweet.  My sisters had the French Toast with apples and Ham & Tomato Omelet.  I had the Sourdough Waffles with fresh strawberries.  Everything dish was light, perfectly prepared, and tasted wonderful.   . . Service was pleasant and unobtrusive yet attentive.  Bouchon will be my go-to spot when I need a little peace and quiet in Vegas!
We had a great dinner here! Wine was perfect. We had a cheese plate (amazing), fish fritter thing( can't remember the French name). These were good but alittle salty. Also had steak and fries. This steak was unbelievable, butter and onions on top, OMG! Dessert was a special chocolate something and again, good! Go here, it is alittle hidden away from the rest of the hotel/ casino which I liked. Service was also great ( good job Kelly!) I want to go back to try more!
I have found "My Last Meal".  . My wife and I first came to love Bouchon in 2009 while staying at The Palazzo.  We have since been there a handful of times.  It is a must stop for us when we visit Vegas.. Breakfast and Coffee are exceptional.  I enjoy the Hash and Eggs.  My Wife loves the Beignets.. My Last Meal on Earth:  I would start off by ordering an Ice Cold Draft Beer.  Next is the Rillettes aux deux Saumons = Great Flavor and what a way to get started.  I then move on to the Assiette de Charcuterie and another Beer.  Next comes the Oysters on the half shell.  They have a wonderful selection of the freshest oysters you can find, and we are in Vegas.  Finally comes the moment of my biggest delight.  My main course would be the Chicken and Waffles.  They are by far the best Chicken and Waffles you will ever have, and the chicken is roasted not fried. To finish off my last meal I would have one more beer.. . My wife and I are huge foodies and This is my Favorite Restaruant in the States.
Very nice, great food. comfortable surroundings.
Best chicken and waffles I ever had as well as best bloody mary. The service is excellent! You must get the chicken and waffles! My fav restaurant for brunch in the world.
I read there's a must try place for brunch in Vegas and it's Bouchon.. . The place can be hard to find so the best thing to do is ask someone when you walk into the Venetian how to get here.  It's actually in the Venezia tower.  The employees in the Venetian are all really helpful and will get you there.. . The place had a long lineup when we arrived and the hostess added us to the waiting list and told us it'd be about 30 minutes.  She showed us a sitting area where we could wait and there was some pastries that they had for people to snack on.. . I tried the pastries and honestly I could have ate all of them and skipped brunch because they were that damn delicious!  . . Thankfully I had some self control...trust me this isn't often and held off to try brunch.. . The hostess got us early and quickly sat us at a booth.  The place is pretty nice inside.  Our waitress came over and brought us some water, our menus and some bread. . . I LOVED the bread they brought.  It's some of the best bread I've had since being in France.  The butter was great and the homemade jam was fabulous.. . We ended up ordering some lobster, I ordered an omelet of the day (I don't even remember what was in it!) and my friend ordered a salmon benedict. . . The lobster was really damn good.  The older table beside us commented on how they liked our style.  They were super friendly and we had some great conversation with them.. . Our omelet and salmon came.  My omelet also came with sausages and toast.  I took a bite of the toast and wasn't impressed but I just had some fantastic bread and lobster.  I left it but started putting some serious work into my omelet and sausages.  The omelet was honestly the best omelet I've had...I don't recall all the things that were in it but it was cooked perfectly.  The eggs were extremely fluffy like scrambled eggs but was in an omelet form.  I struggled to finish it and it took me a long time.. . My friend loved her salmon and told me it was the best one she's had. . . I will definitely drop by the next time I'm in Vegas which will probably be next year to try something new.. . Thank you Bouchon, thank you for a wonderful brunch.
Beignets. Sourdough Waffles. Cappucino. All delicious. It was my first time here and it was absolutely wonderful! Best breakfast in Vegas, hands down.  Everything is super fresh and made to perfection. Sitting outside is also a really nice touch because you're sitting out in a courtyard with the fountains and everything on a nice warm morning. . . Beignets - French donuts, never had them, but they are amazing! Warm and fluffy, coated in sugar and you have the choice of spreading either warm hazelnut spread or strawberry jam. Both are really good!. . Sourdough waffles - They were so light and crisp. The strawberries were sweet and the maple syrup was thin and sweet. Yummy!
Went there for brunch... fantastic. We sat outside and even in the middle of the summer it was lovely outside. I wouldn't recommend it during the middle of the day though. Had the sourdough waffles and the french toast. Both were fantastic... the waffles had cinnamon in the batter which was amazing.
My favorite Las Vegas restaurant.  Why you ask?  No pretense, relaxed yet sophisticated atmosphere, amazing menu, great wine list, and you can walk out not spending an arm and a leg.. . The meal I enjoyed consisted of:. - Daily Special App - Crab Rillette: A chunkier rillette than I am used to, but great flavor, paired with toast points.. - French Onion Soup: Very good, traditional version topped with french bread and gruyere cheese.  A bit on the salty side.. - Steak Frites : Perfectly cooked steak, topped with a flavorful maitre d'hotel butter and carmelized shallots, served alongside some of the best, crispiest french fries.. - Forest Mushrooms (side dish for table): Mix of various "forest" mushrooms sauteed in butter/garlic.. - Dessert Special - Chocolate Bouchons: Small servings of moist, dense, chocolate cake shaped like wine cask corks, with chocolate or caramel sauce, paired with ice cream.. . Oh, and their bread and butter is awesome.. . Our server was great too, very funny - cracking jokes with us.
AMAZING French food!!  I ordered the mussels in white wine sauce and my husband had the salmon.  The salmon had a little crunch to it from be crusted with brown sugar but after you bite into it, it just melts (literally) into your mouth.  Service here is brilliant!!
If I knew how to say amazing in French I would.. My party has reservations for 8:30PM. I have to say, I was skeptical at first as we waited almost 15 - 20 minutes to be sat even though we had a reservation and it was clear there tables open and available.. Skepticism GONE!. Our waiter Paul was amazing. Althought the Bouchon is sophisticated, he was so down to earth and friendly that ordering from him and taking his advice seem natural.. We order wine, drinks, apatizers, meals and desserts. The Steak Frites and Rack of Lamb were both wonderful!!!!! I wish I had the steak frites right now in front of me.. After dinner as we contemplated dessert, Paul asked what we were in the mood for and said he knew exactly what to bring us. He surpised us with the most amazing desserts that weren't even on the menu. Then the two tables next to starting talking and before we knew it Paul combined all three tables and we stayed an extra hours with our knew friends and amazing wine. . Wonderful restaurant, wonderful experience!!!!!!!!
Thank you, Bouchon, for saving what would have been a miserable culinary experience at Las Vegas.  My poor dad got to have a wonderful breakfast for Father's Day after the disappointment of dinner.. . Having had a pleasant experience here two years prior, I was determined to set things right and led my family here.  My mom was sold the moment we were seated outside.  The waiter was friendly and personable and made us all feel comfortable and at ease. . . We ordered the chicken and waffles, corned beef hash, steak and eggs benedict, and omelette du jour.  I'm infinitely glad I got to try the chicken and waffles this time; it's Bouchon's best dish for a reason.  The chicken is flavorful and moist and pairs well with the waffle, which tastes great by itself or with syrup.  My omelette was large, fresh, and tasty, bursting with mushrooms and peppers.  The corned beef hash was also pretty good, but the steak and eggs benedict was just okay as the English muffin was rather soggy and hard to cut through.. . My family was very pleased with the overall experience.  For delicious food, excellent service, and comfortable, relaxed dining, we'll take Bouchon over a buffet any day.
Ate at Bouchon during breakfast, and it couldn't have been more perfect. I ordered the American breakfast which included, coffee, juice, a gorgeous pastry, plus eggs, bacon, sausage, and beautiful brioche. I ordered my eggs poached and they came over brioche toast points, in a decadent butter sauce. The coffee was pored from a silver server, perfectly brewed, and my juice was fresh squeezed. All this for 22 dollars? Perfect! Thomas Keller is the man!
Breakfast done right.  They usually have a few 'specials' posted and those are probably the best deals.  I ordered the flat steak omelet w/ peppers and onion.  It came with choice of sausage or bacon with bread of choice.  The omelet was cooked well, the sausage was tasty, and the bread with the marmalade was excellent.  All for $14.99.  Not bad at all.. . On top of the good food, the decor, service, and overall ambiance make it a very enjoyable experience.
We ate here for breakfast and it was AMAZING...suprisingly the yogurt parfait was probably the best thing that I have ever eaten. I thought about going back every day just for that! I've never tasted such delicious yogurt...i'm still dreaming about it!
Came here on Friday morning  to try their coveted breakfast brunch only to find out that the special chicken waffles are only served during the weekend morning brunch. However notwithstanding the following, we proceeded to order our food. I selected the egg omelette special with onions, sweet bacon bits, along with a ham steak and toast. Thoroughly enjoyed their great tasting breakfast.  Looking forward to try the infamous breakfast brunch specials served only on the weekends next time I'm in Vegas.
OMG...what a meal. I'm going to keep it simple...great menu...fantastic wine selection...quality and knowledgeable service and maybe had the single best item I've ever tasted...Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard was OUT OF THIS WORLD!!
Amazing food, hilarious and thoughtful server, great atmosphere, great location, love everything about this place.. . Also, the best french bread I've had outside of Paris or NYC.
My last meal on earth. I always try to stop here while in Vegas. Absolutely to die for. . . My favorite -- Specifically the Roasted Chicken and Bacon & Chive Waffle.. OUT OF THIS WORLD. The chicken is served a breast and a thigh with black truffle gravy. The waffle is served with Vanilla Bean butter and warm maple syrup. It doesn't look like much food but its just enough to fill you up and the presentation is beautiful.. . Service is quick and attentive.
I've eaten twice here and both times my dinner has been magical.  I don't know if it's the food, the company, but simply fantastic!
Bouchon! I've dined here many times for brunch and dinner and let me say, absolutely wonderful. The staff are super friendly and attentive to your needs. For brunch I always enjoy one of my all star favorites. Throughout the seasons they have many specials. I enjoyed a great melon salad that was very refreshing for the hot Nevada weather. The seafood tower is heaven. Fresh shucked oysters and clams from our 5 oceans. Lobster, shrimp and mussels all to die for. Heaven I tell you. I always get there specials and have always enjoyed every one. there sorbets and creme brulee sweetens me and leaves me again with another wonderful dining experience. Thank you Thomas Keller!
Have been coming here once or twice a year and I am always being treated like a king. The Sommelier Paul is exceptional and always send a nice bottle our way.. Quality wise, the restaurant retains the great food and most of all service.. I guess that is why most of the employees  are still here. I am surprised at some of the reviews here, as we never had a bad experience at Bouchon.. If you come to LV make sure you try it. Try the oysters, grilled octopus salad, foir gras and my fav steak frites!. Try it and enjoy!!!
Fabulous meal.  We shared the pate appetizer.  I had the roast chicken and my friend had mussels.  We shared the chocolate mousse for dessert.  It was all so good and our waiter was terrific.  Definitely worth it.
Hands down the best meal I've ever eaten. The escargots bourgogne that were on special that night were a religious experience -- the butter sauce brought tears to my eyes. The mashed potatoes under the boudin blanc were the best I've ever had, perfectly complemented with stewed prunes, the shellfish is impeccable and the salmon rillettes knocked my socks off. French classics with a tiny twist, done SO well. Our waiter was helpful with cheese course recommendations. Beautiful place with a mosaic floor and  antique zinc bar and the cute touch of pistachios with your bread before the meal. Do dress appropriately, though. It doesn't require really fancy clothing, but don't wear shorts or tank tops, please. My only complaint: even after asking the waiter to clarify, I still wasn't sure if the lovely shellfish offerings over in their own corner on the menu were meant to be eaten as appetizers, main courses, or something else completely in addition to your entree.
My husband and I had finally decided to have a date since my son was born(which is now 20 months old). We thought we deserve it and we want to have a romantic breakfast. I had the french toast and he got the croque madame. Both were delicious. I'm not a coffee person but we ordered coffee for our drinks. Coffee was delicious!
Best Breakfast in Vegas!  In the mornings the patio isn't too hot yet and the atmosphere is great.  They have fabulous coffee, and yummy flavored tea.  But the reason to go here is the gratin.  Each day it is different but it is amazing.  The bake two eggs with a variety of goodies.  This last time was steak, mushroom, spinach, but the magic is in the moray sauce and the crunchy top.  SOOOO VERY GOOD!  The potatoes that come with it are melt in your mouth.  Everything I saw come out of the kithcen looked amazing.  The fries are skinny and crispy and perfect with breakfast.  I would eat here everyday I was in Vegas!
Let's get down to it-I love Thomas Keller. His approach to food incorporates equal parts simplicity and elegance which makes for meal experiences that are really unparalleled.  It's true, when you clone an original, it's not going to be perfect. I haven't been to the original Bouchon, but based on the experience I had at the Las Vegas outpost, it lives up to the hype.. . I'd heard things about TK's (yeah, we're on nickname basis) Ad Hoc fried chicken-things like "it's power will convert vegans" and other borderline insane things.They don't offer it at Bouchon but once or twice a year, so when I saw the announcement on their Twitter page that they were going to be offering it 4th of July weekend, I made my reservation immediately. I'd actually attempted to make this chicken, so I know what kind of effort and technique goes into the creation of one of his signature dishes, however of course mine didn't turn out half as good as the one in the restaurant.. . The interior of the restaurant is classic French Bistro- white table cloths, lots of natural light, dark wood paneling without being drab and an overall nice balance of class and comfort. We had a real nice waiter who could not stop talking about the fried chicken when we told him that was the specific reason we came in. I mean he was really excited about this chicken-good sign!. . We started off with salads- I got mixed greens with small disc of chevre and the creaminess of the cheese was a nice contrast to the crunch of the salad and tanginess of the dressing which ran perfectly throughout the greens. Can't remember what my mom got, but she's an incredibly picky eater and her salad was gone faster than you could say "Ad Hoc".. . The chicken was served in the most adorable two-handled All-Clad mini pan alongside a mac and cheese, greens and a biscuit with bacon in it. I came. I saw. I nearly conquered. I'm not sure I  have the words to say how good it was, but I'll say this: you won't want to eat fried chicken anywhere else, ever again. It was perfectly crisp and flavorful on the outside and juicy and again perfectly flavorful on the inside. I think it'd be pretty weird to call myself a connoisseur of fried chicken, but I've eaten enough in my life to put me on the American Heart Association's watchlist and it's pretty rare to find a recipe that incorporates good flavor and texture throughout.. . Again, my mom, the pickiest eater, who hasn't eaten an enriched pasta product in probably 5 years, practically licked the bits of macaroni out of her pan and used the biscuit to scrape up anything she couldn't get to.. . I came again a couple of weeks later for breakfast and had the quiche which was served with a salad similar to the one I had at my fried chicken dinner, minus the chevre. Again-great balance! Salad was crunchy and tart and the quiche had the most beautiful buttery crust and creamy, custard filling.. . Overall, great experiences both times- definitely recommend for a special occasion dinner!
This was my 2nd time coming to eat here for dinner, and my 1st time I don't recollect what we ate, but the food was fantastic.. . We had a prefix menu for a bachelor party which consisted of the following:. . Rillettes Aux Deux Saumons - omg this is a salmon spread and it's sooooo gooood...it's addictive. Assiette de Charcuterie. Pate de Provence. Marinated Olives. Gruyere Cheese Gougeres. . Salade Maraichere au Chevre Chaud - Mixed greens, red wine vinaigrette, warm goat cheese & herbes de provence. . Choice of entree:. . 1) Saumon Poele - Scottish salmon, glazed carrots, hearts of palm, potato gnocchi, and parsley ravigote. . My friends said that they were still hungry after having this dish...so it's not filling. . 2) Poulet roti - Roasted chicken, sweet corn, fingerling potatoes, bacon lardons and savory-infused chicken juse. . This dish is actually Thomas Keller's signature dish - it's delicious, moist, juicy and the sauce is amazing. . 3) Steak aux Pommes - Pan seared prime flatiron, carmelized shallots, maitre d'hotel butter and pommes puree. . the steak was cooked to perfection, and the mashed potatoes were so creamy and rich in butter...so delicious.. . Choice of dessert:. . 1) Creme caramel - basically like a mix of flan and creme brulee....soooo delish!. . 2) Mousse au chocolate noir - basically a chocolate mousse in a cup and with 3-4 pieces of delicious cookes to eat with the mousse. . Overall, the service was fantastic, especially for a group of 22 roudy guys...oh and the prefix came with wine as well. The staff was very attentive, accommodating...I highly recommend coming to this restaurant and will be back when I can!
Brunch here is amazing!. . We started of Croque Madame (so buttery) with a side of fries and Oeuf Au Grattin with duck. Both dishes were like hitting the jackpot! For our desert we ordered the French Toast to share. This dish should be on your bucket list, it was the best french toast I've ever had and I had my share of them. Also for your coffee lovers their coffee is top notch. Don't forget to ask to sit outside by the pool it's a nice setting. Only bad thing is that brunch is only served on the weekends :(. Don't forget to stop by the Bouchon bakery to satisfy your sweet tooth with some baked goods and a cup of Joe.
I went here for dinner my first night in Vegas. It made sense, get the fancy dinner BEFORE losing all my money.. . Bouchon was an experience. An amazing one. I'm a huge Thomas Keller fan but cannot quite afford to eat at The French Laundry. Just the menu at Bouchon makes you salivate, but when the waitress reads you the specials, there are so many items that make you drool even more.. . We ended up ordering the kumamoto oysters which are my favorite. They aren't grimy like oysters can be. They are simple, fresh and delicious, complimented with a red wine vinegar, pepper and scallion sauce makes them out of thie world. Then came the pork belly and crab fritters. I find a lot of restaurants to miss a lot with pork belly, but Bouchon definitely hit a home run. The pork belly was amazing but would I really loved were the crab fritters.. . They had an amazing wine menu, we ordered a chianti that was lightly crisp and delicious. . . My main dish was the Steak Diane a hanger steak in a red wine reduction sauce with mushrooms and layered potatoes. I also tried the steak frites cooked to perfection with a sour cream and chive topping. The fries were even amazing.. . To finish it off, the brownie bites were mini lava cakes topped with a pistacio ice cream and the sorbet. Well, it was just the sweetest end to an already perfect meal.. . I'll definitely be frequenting the Bouchon in Yountville.
Bouchon is my Sunday Brunch spot! Be sure to check out the specials, at times they are real winners. . . We came a bit late (around 1215). At this point, they were sold out of the Terrine Foie Gras and Charcuturie. Instead we got a basket of their delicious fresh-baked pastries and beignets. Next time, I'll probably skip the pastries but the beignets are so light, fluffy, and perfectly cinnamon-sugary I'll have to try those again!. . They're famous for they're chicken & waffles--gourmet of course. And they're absolutely delectable. You'll be licking your plate clean (if that sort of thing was appropriate here, of course). The entree I had was the Corn Beef Hash. The one thing that I'm very nit-picky on is overly salty food. This hash was just right! They cooked my eggs exactly how I specified and all the delicious flavors came right through.. . TIP: Show up early enough to get the good Hors d'oeuvres!
I love coming to this brunch/dinner spot.  I feel like it's a hidden gem.  Classy French decor with a great patio.  Typical, delicious French breakfast foods for brunch.  The lightest, fluffiest waffles.  Home made corned beef hash.  Great brunch cocktails.  Oysters and foie gras on the menu, but haven't had yet.  No reservations needed or taken for brunch.
Amazing... The steaks are too die for as is the duck. I got the lamb, which was okay, but the steaks are the way to go. First class service, great wine selection and amazing food made this a great way to open the overindulgence that is VEGAS! . . Also, yelp says the attire is casual here, and you can get away with shorts, but it is classy and dress appropriately. I made that mistake, unfortunately was in shorts, and felt out of place. The servers were great though and it didn't seem to make a difference.. . Great experience and fantastic food!
Again.....perfection!  I wish that my stomach could hold more.  But, sadly, I run out of space before I run out of food!  My bf had never been, and he lives in Vegas!  He agreed that this is the best breakfast on the strip.  We will return, as I adore breakfast/brunch more than any other meal.
The annual firm dinner was held in one of the private dining rooms, and I must say, we had the most exceptional service and an unforgettable meal.. . We had an array of appetizers to start:. Quiche du Jour - creamy and not too heavy. Charcuterie plate - one of my favorites, I love all kinds of charcuterie plates and Bouchon's had a wonderful array of cheeses and salumi. Marinated Olives - not a huge fan of green olives, but these were nicely presented and tasted, well, like salty green olives. Salmon Rillette - melts in your mouth, simply amazing and I don't even like salmon. . For my entree, I had the their renowned Poulet Roti. This was SO GOOD! I never thought roasted chicken would blow me away like this. It came with chanterelle mushrooms, caramelized figs, pickled ramps & their chicken jus. This sauce just brought everything together so wonderfully.. . For dessert, I indulged in one of their port wines, the Fonseca. By this time, I was probably 2-3 glasses of wine in from dinner, so needless to say, the port wine ended my alcohol streak on a nice and sweet note.. . Thank you to Mike and his colleagues for the wonderful service and charming anecdotes.
4 stars overall. 5 stars for steak . . Everything here is very tasty but the steak frites was the standout.  The steak is infused with delicious flavor and the fries were perfect.  One of the best steaks that I have ever tried.  Way better than most restaurants that specialize in steak only and cheaper than those types of restaurants ($36.75).  If two people are both ordering dishes that come with fries, I would recommend substituting one dish with vegetable instead of fries.  This is because one dish comes with plenty of fries for two and their vegetables are cooked superbly.  We had the sauteed green beans which were seasoned with garlic and maybe lemon.. . Balcony seating is in a beautiful courtyard setting.
Walked in for Sunday brunch and we were seated in 15 minutes.  There was a really rude couple ahead of us that was being obnoxious, and yet the staff still seemed to treat them well.. We ordered: 1) the Croque Madame, which was to die for 2)Tuna Tartine, delicious, and 3)Ratatouille, fantastic!  We also ordered Salmon Rilletes, which was fabulous as well.  Even the plain table bread that comes with the butter and spread was just delicious.. So the food was great, but it did take a little while to come out of the kitchen.  The server kept checking on us, making sure our drinks were full and our bread kept coming.  Before we even mentioned it, the manager came over and apologized for the wait on the order and comped us some drinks.  I have zero complaints about the service, as our server was charming, friendly and kept us in the loop with regard to our order.  Not his fault the kitchen was backlogged/busy.  5 Stars for both service and the food!
Thomas Keller... BRAVO. . . My boyfriend is a chef and soon will be opening his own burger bar. So his mother sent us out to Las Vegas to try some famous chef's burgers. We were pretty disappointed in the burgers we tried over all. We came to a great city in hopes to find some delicious food....... . Then we went to Bouchon one morning as a "date breakfast" and couldn't have had a bigger smile. We ate there twice before returning back to Florida. Each meal we had was fantastic. The service was great and I couldn't get enough of the home made jam and yummo fries. This is definitely our favorite spot now and when we go back to Las Vegas, we will be eating here !!!!
5 stars all the way! Our waitress Julie was great in every way. All her suggestions were perfect and any question was greeted with a friendly answer. As for the food.... I not sure you will find a better French restaurant in all of NV.  The steaks are beyond top shelf and the perfect medium-rare cook. Save room for desert and you wont be sorry. We willbe back, maybe in the morning for brunch!!!
What a wonderful treat to eat at Bouchon in Vegas. This is not a cheap place to go, but worth it if you're looking for a nice night out.. I especially like that the service is very good but not uppity. Incredibly tasty food. The portions aren't huge, just the right size. . I really don't think you can go wrong on the menu. There are standards like roasted chicken for the less adventurous, and things like a octopus salad if you want to try something new. All very delicious.
Everything was perfect, and who said Bouchon is not for a family with kids.........we eat here with our 3 kids (9, 10, 11) everytime we visit Vegas. The macaroni gratin & croque madame is perfect for them &  dessert is the star of the show! Chef Scott is an AWESOME pastry chef!!! . Bouchon never feels stuffy, everyone is friendly, can't go wrong here.
Thomas Keller does it right! The ambiance in Bouchon is wonderful. Think Minetta Tavern multiplied by 4 times in size, and add a dash of French bistro and a sprinkle of top-notch service and you've got a winning Keller recipe.. When I was here, I was with a large group of co-workers and we got tucked away into our own private dining room, which was the perfect dining experience, although I was sad to leave hustle and bustle of the rest of the restaurant.. For dinner, based on the recommendation of not one, but two colleagues, I had the Truite aux Amandes: Pan-roasted trout with haricots verts, almonds & beurre noisette. The dish is a whole fish, but don't be afraid, just cast the head aside, and the rest of the filet is de-boned for you. The hazelnut butter really makes the dish what it is, rich and satisfying. The addition of the perfectly cooked green beans and almonds lighten up the palate, creating a perfectly balanced dish. Really one of the best, if not THE best fish dishes I've ever had.
My husband and I had dinner here Saturday night to celebrate our 2 year wedding anniversary. When my husband called to make the reservation he mentioned it was our anniversary. We did not think they would do anything special, but when we arrived at our table the waiter immediately came over to wish us a happy anniversary. It was so nice.. . Dinner was amazing and the service was too. We were joking with the waiter about how much I love goat cheese (he caught me stealing some off my husband's plate) and brought out extra to go with my entree (delicious gnocchi). At the end of our meal our waiter surprised us with dessert.. . It was a wonderful and memorable experience!
Oh, Thomas Keller, how I do love what you do with butter.  Especially in breads and on potatoes.. . My wife and wandered in for a late brunch on a weekday and had a simply superb brunch. I ordered the garden breakfast (eggs, pastry, brioche toast, potatoes, spinach, fruit, juice, coffee), and she the eggs (eggs, meat, potatoes).  . . We were blown away, especially by the pastry and the potatoes.  . Hers:  fluffy, savory potatoeness wrapped in the perfect coating and fried to crisp perfection.  Mine, skillet potatoes fried with onions and so much butter that "caramelized" takes on a whole new meaning.  Truly a delight, and truly something you can't get at any run-of-the mill diner.. . Oh, yeah, and the brioche toast and croissant.  Let's just say that Bouchon is known for its pastries and you know why.  I think the only better croissant I'd had was in France, and that taste memory was probably enhanced because I was in France.  Once again, though, I think if you add a creamery's worth of butter to any dish, you get good results.. . We ate outside next to the fountain, and the atmosphere met the cuisine perfectly.  Service was friendly and easy.. . What we really noticed is the price:  Our total bill was about $40; my meal INCLUDED coffee and juice.  When you go to a fine dining restaurant, one can expect to pay about 4-5 times what you'd pay at a "family" restaurant ($10-20 steak and potatoes at Chilis = $50-80 steak and potatoes at Morton's... you get the idea).  But here, if you'd go to Country Kitchen and order eggs, meat, potatoes, coffee, and juice, you'd certainly pay $10-15 a person.  And this is WAY better than Country Kitchen.. . How do you rate brunch?  Can you compare a delicate croissant and perfectly creamy potatoes to an awesomely greasy chicken fried steak, eggs, and biscuits and gravy that you ate as recovery food at some mom and pop diner for $5.99?   Both are excellent at some level.  I think what makes Bouchon's brunch so excellent is that you can't just get it anywhere, and while Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives food may be an equally good find, the Bouchon experience is one you must try.. . And order potatoes.  And bread. And pay no mind about the butter.  Even when you get home from your Vegas vacation and learn you've gained 2 pounds in 4 days.  It's totally worth it.
Oh, Bouchon. I love you oh so much. We usually pick one schmancy dinner during a Vegas trip, and since I'm not one for the over-the-top fancy $500 per person dinners, Bouchon suited me just fine.. . First of all, I realize you're supposed to order wine with all things Frenchy, but I've gotta say the cocktails at Bouchon are spectacular. Supremely amazing. I had a Bulleit Old Fashioned - and it was one helluva Old Fashioned.. . Of course the service is more than superb. And makes you really feel like it's worth every penny that you're spending. . . The food? Ah. Delicious. I never ever get chicken at a restaurant, but something about the chicken on the menu at Bouchon struck my fancy. And I ordered right. That roast chicken was just superb. So amazing perfect. . . Like I said worth every penny. Sure, it's not quite as pricey as some of the places on the strip (at around $80-$100 p/p), but you'll be in store for a fantastic dinner, that's for certain.
What else more can I say about Bouchon?  This was my 4th time visiting in 3 years and they haven't lost their touch.  They definitely left a great impression on my mom who I treated out over here for the first time.  Came in for a Saturday morning Brunch and arrived early enough that we were seated immediately.. . It's been more than a year since I last had their Roast Chicken and Bacon & Chive Waffles so I had to order that once again.  It got my mom curious so she ordered it as well.  It's so beautiful (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=8SV2gwJnqnyQ1ZeEQnESpA).  The gravy and syrup that comes with it totally make it work, even though the Waffles by themselves had enough Bacon and Chives to give them a unique flavor and the Chicken was perfectly roasted like the last time I had it.  My momloved it!. . I also ordered a 'side' of Anthony Bourdain's "best Fries ever."  It seems like every time I order this, they keep giving more and more Fries.  It was a lot!!. . As expected, service was incredible and our server Luis was awesome!  He was very knowledgeable about the menu and even almost sold me in ordering something else besides their Chicken & Waffles.  Of course I wasn't weak minded as his Jedi Mind Trick failed.  Also, he always checked on us and had a really positive attitude.  He basically personified all the best traits of an awesome waiter!. . So after 2 breakfast meals and 2 brunches, I think I'm due to try them for dinner.  So next time most definitely I will most likely try them for the dinner.  I'm really looking forward to it!!
Service is terrific, ambiance is very brasserie, i's are dotted, t's are crossed with Thomas Keller frequenting this restaurant. The roast chicken was moist, the waffles crunchy and fluffy at the same time.   Moules mariniere were simple but delicious and sauce was eagerly mopped up with crusty baguettes. And yes.  His frites are 100% better than at Les Halles. We ate here 3 times in out 7 day stay in Vegas.
I can't go to Vegas without having breakfast at Bouchon at least once.  The Bread Pudding French Toast is one of my favorite dishes on the planet.  The place is nice, the service is always excellent.
Recommend this restaurant for the food, service and ambiance! It's not right in the casino, which makes for a nice change of pace. Outdoor seating was perfect for a late summer dinner. We had the trout and chicken - both delicious! Reservations a must!
I've been to Bouchon for brunch twice now--it is the best way to recover after a fun Vegas night.  The restaurant has a great french bistro vibe and is kind of hidden in one the Venetian towers, which adds to its charm.  All of the food we've had there has been excellent.  I had the chicken and waffles, which is slightly expensive but was very tasty.  There are also great bargains on the brunch menu, like the french toast (awesome) and the waffles. We will be going back the next time we're in Vegas.
So, I'm not a frequent fancypants restaurant-goer, at least not while in grad school. My trip to Bouchon was due to celebration of my boyfriend's 40th birthday, and because when I can afford it, I do like to eat well. I can happily say that it exceeded my expectations. Yes, it was pricey, but it was worth all of my hard-won money (yep, I actually won in Vegas!). . . The main reason for such a wonderful experience wasn't the food or the restaurant's help with a cake from the Bouchon Bakery, which was probably the best cake I've ever eaten. No, it was because of our waiter, Paul. Maybe the best waiter I've ever had. Such a cool, laid back type of guy, but so hilarious, and on the top of his game throughout the night. He did everything for us, thought of everything, took care of it all, and all with the greatest sense of humor I've experienced in any restaurant anywhere. He made us laugh throughout the entire meal, yet still met our expectations for the kind of service you would expect in a fine dining atmosphere. .   . We had a large party, and Paul took care of separate checks for us and waited on us as we took our sweet, large, party-of-nine-time to figure out our bills (we were almost the last people to leave the restaurant that evening). He chose drinks that complimented our meals and opened us all up to something new. He gave us the best entree recommendations. Monkfish and Steak Diane. Just do it. And the mussels. Really do that! He even tried to pawn our bill off on our dining neighbors, to the best of his ability (it was that kind of a night and that much fun of an experience). . . I loved our Bouchon experience and will rave about it to all of my friends, but more importantly, I want everyone to know that my 5-star rating is truly on account of Paul. Ask for him. And he's not from New York, he's from Chicago. Even better. Thanks, Paul, for a truly wonderful experience.
A Diamond in the rough, you walk around Vegas with all the cheesy places but this place is amazing.. Only downside was a slow service where we needed to ask a few times for stuff.. . But... That said.. It was probably the best Croque Madame I ever had.
Bouchon was AMAZING! have been to the one in Napa and loved it but had never been to the one in Vegas.What really made our experience the best was our waiter, Michael. he made our dining experience complete! he was so knowledgable about everything.. I described the type of wine I liked (we had earlier ordered abottle from the bar that we didn't completely love) and he brought out the most perfect bottle - delish! The bread and butter were to die for. I had the scallop special which was also amazing. Love the decor, love the food and wine, loved the waiter.. only thing that would have made it THE best expereince ever would be if we could have met Chef Keller:) Will be back next month when I am back in vegas!
Bouchon gets everything right.  The cocktails are amazing (I like the Grand Cru, my husband always gets a Blood and Sand).  Service is perfect.  And the food is gorgeous.  . . The steak frites are always on the menu, and they're always worth it.  There's always a nightly special, and sometimes that will call to me over the steak frites.  I haven't yet regretted anything that I've had here.  Desserts are lovely, including the off-menu (but always available) bouchons: little chocolate brownies with ice cream.  The wine list is good, and the sommelier is very good about providing recommendations that meet both your tastes and your budget.  . . Bouchon is the one place that I absolutely must visit every time I'm in Vegas.
OK... Anytime you stay in Vegas and eat at the same place for breakfast 4 days in a row, it's 5 stars for sure.  We would have gone everyday just for the coffee!  Asked about it and heard it was a "four bean proprietary blend".  Damn good!. . The food was just amazing as well as the service.  Between our group we managed to try a lot of the menu although my wife got hung up on the quiche of the day which happened to be Florentine each day.  It was creamy deliciousness.  Also sampled were the sourdough waffles, sausage, bacon, corn beef hash, scrambled and over-easy eggs, french toast.  Every bit of it was absolutely perfect.  I would go back daily if I lived in the Palazzo or Venetian!  Bless you Thomas Keller...
I love Bouchon. It's still my favorite place to go hands down. They are extremly fresh and have excellent service. I ate at the bouchon in Beverly hills and didn't encounter a single difference in food quality in Vegas. The food has always been delicious and this one time I went we ordered practically everytihng. From the bakery basket in which the waiter chooses for us a selection of baked goods to the mussels to the hash. . . Everything was delicious. And you can't beat the price around 20-30 a person with small apps. Or aroudn 40-50 if your drinkin a little. Very reasonable for what your getting.. . Take a peek at my photos.. . Thanks Thomas Keller for a great meal again!
Bouchon for brunch - best idea ever. Maybe I just made the right decision for my order...chicken and waffles all the way. . . We started with some freshly fried beignets; always a yummy option. But really, they're just donut holes with a side of vanilla butter and fruit jam. . . The American breakfast is a great deal. Two people in my table ordered this; they chose to go with the chocolate almond croissant which is a MUST. It's one of the most amazing creations in the pastry world (at least that's my opinion ;-p). The breakfast itself also comes with a nice fresh toasted bricohe and eggs done your way. . . I ordered the chicken and waffles; so good. I've had good experience with Thomas Keller and chicken (Yountville Ad Hoc fried chicken...ughhhhhhh...sooooo good). His restaurant's just...KNOW how to do chicken. It was so tender and juicy, and the perfect amount of seasoning. Waffles were savory, which is new for me, but I love sweet and salty so it was all just too good to be real. . . Bouchon brunch - do it.
I'ma break it down for you. . . 1. Do not miss the oysters. If you can get the Chelsea Gems, do, because they are the most delicious, unusual oyster I've ever had and I am very sorry that I didn't eat more of them. . . 2. We had impeccable service. Friendly, but unobtrusive and we never lacked for anything. . . 3. The prices are high, but it's my favorite thing. Fine dining in a casual atmosphere. Also, the food is simple, delicious and truly lovely. Can you get a steak cheaper somewhere else? Undoubtedly and if you care a lot about that, then you probably should go somewhere else. . . 4. I had some manner of chocolate mousse for dessert and it was so amazingly well done. . . 5. They give you pistachios on your table! Pistachios! Lovely! And there's a pot of wonderful smelling mustard, but I didn't use it on anything and now I'm sorry that I did.
love this place. the corned beef hash for breakfast is awesome
Came here for brunch. Best waffles ever!!! Bacon and chive waffles paired with a delicious savory sauce, you can't go wrong. I had high expectations and they were definitely met. I would highly recommend you come early or make a reservation. Kind of hard to get to but worth finding.
I have wanted to try Bouchon for years.  Now, I feel as if I have been missing out for a long time.  Took my mom for breakfast and ordered the pastry basket and tropical fruit.  Everything, including the coffee, was spectacular.  Our server was Lena, and her attention to us was just perfect.  Cannot wait to go back!
Absolutely wonderful. Although the wine guy was trying to sell us a $3000 bottle of Lafite more than once. The food and the service was what a Thomas Keller restaurant ought to be.
hm. had awesome brunch with my family.. . also, took a picture. apparently mario batali was enjoying a nice sunday brunch with his family right behind me. . . if i had only known earlier... awkward things could have been said, that couldn't have been unsaid..
Excellent dinner!!. . My husband is a chef (if you follow my reviews you probably know that by now!) and a huge fan of Thomas Keller (the chef of Bouchon). Once we got to the Venetian and checked in we saw a bunch of signs advertising Bouchon and immediately husband decided we needed to eat there.. . We made reservations for dinner and came with a couple friends. One thing I think most people will appreciate about Bouchon is that it is an accessible fine dining experience. Meaning, their menu isn't completely loaded with French terms (although there is a good amount of that) that the average person wouldn't understand and therefore be intimidated by. One of their dishes is steak and fries... you can't get more down home American than that!. . I ordered "Blanquette de Lotte" which is "roasted monkfish with a fricassee of glazed root vegetables & lobster spaetzle." I really enjoyed it, everything was cooked wonderfully. . . Husband ordered one of the day's specials, Chicken Rillette, for an appetizer. It looked like a crab cake, but it was made of chicken, sitting on a risotto with a yummy sauce. For his entree he ordered the "Poulet Roti" as the waiter informed us that Keller's chicken dishes were well known and loved. It was a "roasted chicken with quince, charred radicchio & truffle emulsion." Again, the sauce on this one was amazing and my husband really enjoyed it.. . Their dessert menu was holiday-ified, unfortunately for me since I don't care for most things holiday: peppermint, ginger, etc. I'm not sure what the dessert I ordered was called, but it was served with peppermint ice cream so I asked for vanilla instead. It still had peppermint dust on the side though, which I had to carefully avoid as I ate. Husband ordered "Ile Flottante" which was really interesting and gave him some ideas for his own cooking. . . Wine: we ordered the Russian River Valley Pinot Noir and both of us really enjoyed it. . . Lastly, service was impeccable, I only wish I could get service like that at every restaurant I go to. I hope we can come back to Bouchon next time we are in Vegas!
I've eaten here for dinner and breakfast. Both were spectacular. . . The most memorable dinner item was the smoked salmon mimosa salad. I seriously could eat the entire plate myself. . . The croque madame and gratin were good for breakfast. The caramel latte was too sweet though. . . All in all my husband and I love this place and would be coming back again.. . Baby friendly for breakfast!
I am in love.  Nutella!  Amazing coffee!  Wish that they would expand their menu of sweet crepes!  Go to the restaurant (up the elevators).  It is cheaper than the "to go" stand in the casino.  I ordered my food to go a couple of times from the restaurant without a problem.  Yum!
12/26/2011. . Wife and I decided that we deserved another day to ourselves in this year of 2011.  For the second time this year, we ditched the two kids to the grandparents and took off to Vegas for the night.  Based on Hazel Q and Hazel F's glowing review and 1520 other mostly positive reviews, we decided that Bouchon was the place to be.  I was so excited to try it for the first time.. . Interesting walk up to the restaurant since it was not on the main floor of the Venetian casino.  on our way up the elevator and through the hallway, A and I both realized "hey, we've been here!". . It was 6-7 years ago and we didn't have a memorable experience here...  upon arrival at the restaurants entrance, we had confirmed our memory of our last experience at Bouchon.  The fact that I didn't remember having dined here spoke volume about our last experience...  only vague memory I had was "overpriced, under-portioned."  . . We looked at each other as we were being seated and said "lets keep an open mind and let this experience speak for itself."  After all, we were not the foodies are now 7 years ago.  Plus, if memory serves me correct, we didn't order a lot of the courses as we were with a large group years ago.  So with a bottle of Sea Smoke in hand, empty stomachs, and open mind (yeah, i stole that from the Chairman on Iron Chef), we sat and decided to really experience Bouchon.. . Oh my, and what an EXPERIENCE it was.. . The restaurant itself is fairly casual.  After all, it is a French "bistro."  what I am trying to say is that it isn't a stuffy highbrow joint.  you can relax and dine in peace.  one minor knock is that there isn't a lot of privacy.  tables are pretty much right next to one another.. . The service was top notch.  Our server Julie was attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable about food and wine.  We even shared some of our prized Sea Smoke Ten with her as she was able to spot it and comment on its cult value.  . . After some discussion amongst ourselves and Julie, we decided to go with:. . Petit Plateau (1/2 lobster, 8 oysters, 4 shrimp, 4 clams, 8 mussels). Terrine de Foie Gras de Canard (2.5 oz). Roasted Bone Marrow. Salade de Cresson et d'Endives au Roquefort, Pommes et Noix (mixed green salad). Moules au Safran (mussels in wine and saffron). . Julie asked if we wanted to have the starters together or staggered, we opted for staggered...  a wise choice, more on that later.. . we started with the seafood platter.  served with four basic but extraordinary sauces.  cream mustard, vinegar, horseradish, and cocktail.  All the seafood were very fresh, each sauce or combination of sauce and seafood item, provide an unique experience for the taste buds.. . Then came the most extraordinary, silky, buttery, food porn like jar of foie gras I've ever had in my life.  served on french bread and sprinkle (self) some sea salt...  I am talking HEAVEN.  I love foie gras and this was the best I've ever had.  the 2.5 oz jar was way more than enough for the two of us.  we asked for more bread and I made sure that every ounce of that salty goodness was eaten...  with no shame.. . Now I feel a little sorry for the roasted bone marrow.  Don't get me wrong, I LOVED this bone marrow.  roasted, sliced lengthwise, topped with black pepper veal jus.  BUT, served after the foie gras did it an injustice.  We even debated this point with Julie since I thought the flavors of the foie overpowered the senses and therefore the marrow should have been served first...  however, being that the marrow was the hot dish, the "proper" course was to serve the foie first.  In addition, we were already getting really full from the seafood and foie at this point.  So while the foie gets a 11/10, the marrow ranked 9.5/10 on my list.. . by this time we were already stuffed.  I mean bursting at the seams.  I asked Julie if the chef had fired up the main and if it was possible to cancel the remaining dishes.  Since we elected to have our courses served staggered, they were able to cancel the remaining dishes, no problem.. . I LOVED this dining experience at Bouchon and will not forget it for a long time to come.  If for nothing else, one must come to have the foie gras.  it is to die for.
I wish I could live inside bouchon. Just the best place!. . Breakfast or dinner. Onthis occasion we did dinner. Service excellent. . . The best thing ever was the freakin' lamb. dear god. it was so amazing! My husband had the halibut I think.. but who cares I had the lamb and that was amazzzzing so I didn't even care about his dish. AND the oysters. amazing!. . Now we gotta go to the one in Bev. Hills!
Bouchon continues to be one of my favorite restaurants. It is quintessential French bistro and carefully walks the fine line between casual and fine dining. But to be certain, this is fine dining without snobbery. Plan to spend a couple of hours here, and the experience will be better. All ingredients are top of the line, fresh & well prepared. We started with the cold petite seafood platter. Fresh and top of the line shellfish.  The entrees were excellent.  Mussels were served in a cast iron pot with fries.  The steak was mouthwatering and was served with fries, The trout was prepared in an all clad pan and served that way with croutons that weren't to be believed. In all, outstanding.
Decently priced and delicious French cuisine! Struggling through the French menu was well worth the food. Our waiter was so nice and very down to earth, asked us about how we spent New Years and talking about how he spent his.. . I recommend the bone marrow here. WOW two HUGE medium rare pieces with toasted bread to sop up all of the delicious sauce. This is the dish that made the greatest impression. I will remember you forever bone marrow.. . My sole and my boyfriend's lamb came out perfect. The lamb was so tender. I almost wish I had ordered that instead of my fish except my fish had the BEST SAUCE IN THE UNIVERSE!. . Next time, I am coming in for brunch to try the chicken and waffles or the croque madame or..both! Thank you Thomas Keller - you are a culinary god!
On a bachelorette party trip to Vegas, I think we ate every meal at Bouchon!  Must haves include:. . Sourdough waffles-  Umm, why don't we have these in San Francisco?  I don't even like waffles. The vanilla bean butter made these feel like dessert.. . French toast- dessert for breakfast.. . Croque Madame- Amazing grilled cheese (it better be at $19). So good it is on the brunch and dinner menu.. . Kir Royal- The best adult beverage of your life, blackcurrant champagne fizz. . Warning: The coffee may cause you to found a new religion or branch of philosophy.  No matter how hung over, you will not be hanging out by the pool after a cup of this Joe!. . For dinner,  Salude de Poulpe- I have a soft (not rubbery) spot for octopus. . . Followed by Truite aux Almandes- picture almonds, lots of almonds, over a bed of  green beans and butter.  . . No dessert this time.  . . To make the weekend last for the rest of the week, I brought home Macaroons in neon colors.  Each one was  essence of pistachio, coffee, strawberry, lemon, vanilla or chocolate that melts in your mouth.  Perfect with my morning coffee.  . . Can't wait to go back.
Loved Bouchon. It has a wonderful french brasserie atmosphere. The french margaritas were really good too! . The waiter also knew a lot about the extensive wine collection. There are two french wines I'm in love with now. . The food was delicious. We had pork belly for an appetizer and lamb for dinner. Y. U.M. I definitely recommend trying this restaurant!
Ooh macarons how I love you! This place was recommended by a friend who'd had their macarons. Mmmm yummy. I just had to come here and try them for myself. It was a little confusing to navigate my way here. It's a little stand alone stall inside the Venetian around the corner from the food court. . . Sadly they were out of their pistachio maracons so instead we had the coffee one and a red velvet cupcake. Their macarons are very delish and so fresh just they way they should be. I wasn't super impressed with the cupcake. You can get a way better red velvet from Sprinkles. I did like how they had the frosting inside the cupcake as well. Very indulging.
Came in tonight with a date to eat..... got seated immediately by the window with a great view. I had the bourdin blanc which is white sausage (cooked very tender and delicious). My date had the duck salad which looked like an egg roll but very tasty. To accompy the meals, we ordered a 1/2 dozen oysters that went well with the red wine vinegar and cocktail sauce. To finish we had chocolate mouse with burnt orange sauce for dessert; the chocolate was very rich and creaamy but not over-the-top. Great night for dinner and I rarely go out to eat at nice places these days so I was happy to have a night with no problems.
Absolutely fantastic! We recently ate here to celebrate a special occasion with wonderful people! Allow me to stress the fact that the best appetizer is the pork cheeks...at first glance I was hesitant but once you see it on your plate mixed with the smell of the onions, your jaw just drops!. . My entree: Steak Frites! . Enough said! A huge steak with a more than generous side of fries!. . If for some reason you don't like this place, you should have yourself checked out...because you are the Antichrist!
12.18.2011. Group of friends decided to try somewhere classier and we ended up at Bouchon. . We had reservation for 530pm and the place was quite empty when we in. There were plenty of meat dishes to choose from, yet I was feeling more adventurous and decided on the monk fish with lobster sauce. . . The monk fish by itself didn't have much flavor, but dipping it in lobster sauce makes it go from okay to amazing. It fills you up and leaves you craving for more. Be warned, one of my friends had the steak and fries and there is simply too much fries.. . The service is something you would expect from such a highly rated restaurant. The food is quite pricey, but certainly worth the dining experience.
Upscale French Bistro. Service was very good. Staff was attentive. Had bone marrow toast. Got the 18oz bone in ribeye special. Tasty! So happy after dinner, wallet was not that happy. Made reservation a month ago. This place books fast.
With 1,000+ reviews under your name, where have you been all my life, Bouchon??  Even though we slept at 6AM that morning and were suffering from massive hangovers, we still trekked here from our hotel for a late brunch...so glad we did.  . . Grub:  DEEE-licious.  Not only did one of the chefs hook us up with an entire seafood platter on the house complete with oysters, shrimp and mussels...but man, everything was so fresh and rich with flavor.  We ordered the quiche of the day (*drool*) , corn hash (*nom nom*) and a pan with clams and plenty of dipping sauce.  . . Service:  It didn't hurt that our waiter was a cute young lad and we were three friendly girls.  He was funny but kept it professional and polite..i hope we get him again the next time we decide to drop by!. . Ambiance:  The design is clean with a touch of classy vintage...not too shabby.  :)   . . Price:  Top notch but relatively reasonable for taste bud ecstasy.  I think the average was about $15-$20 per dish.
I had a Birthday cake made for my husband by bouchon and everything was AMAZING!  They had excellent customer service, allowed me to customize my cake and were great about communicating.  The cake was Exactly what I had hoped for and was also AMAZING!  A lot of pretty cakes are just pretty but this cake also tasted So Good and everyone at the BDay party Loved it!  5 stars for great service, a great looking AND tasting cake! Go bouchon! I really want to try out the restaurant now
One of my favorite things about Vegas is the food. When I come to this city, I want to eat and be deliciously impressed. This place did not disappoint...I had the seared scallops with a side if some sort of squash creation, and it was PHENOM. Several of my friends had the vegetarian option of gnocchi with asparagus, and I have no idea what the chef did to this dish. The gnocchi had amazing pillowy texture yet was somehow sort of toasty tasting (brown butter sauce, maybe?) and it was literally the best I have ever had. . . The only downside was that we were at a table of 10 girls and they could not split the check by seat. Not sure I really understand that...just be advised and bring cash if you're in a big group and you're not expecting one person to grab the bill.
What a memorable meal. Elegant Pinot Noir & Vouvray to start with. Silky foie gras  with blackberry preserves...Salmon Rilette, melts in your mouth. A beautiful, fresh salad, plump scallops. Every bite was fabulous. A classy atmosphere, although I wouldn't say it was a romantic atmosphere- a bit loud. I highly recommend this establishment.
My boyfriend has been going here with his family, so he took me here on a belated Valentine's Day dinner. It's pretty isolated from the craziness of the strip, which is great. Have to take the guest elevators and this fancy bridge to get to it. . . Right away, I loved the atmosphere of the restaurant. With one section closer to the bar and more open seems like a good place for groups. We were seated in a more intimate part of the restaurant, which I liked alot. The music was really cool, and the ambiance was really classy and French, haha. . . Right away, we were hit with amazing service. Extremely helpful, gave great recommendations, and had great small talk to the waiter. He seemed really interested in getting to know the people he was serving. Wish we got his name, he was one of the best parts of our dinner!. . Got the Spoonful of Honey cocktail to start. Just like a honey lemon tea with a kick, so good. Got started on the bread and pistachios which were both warm and tasty. I ordered the leg of lamb with the medium rare recommendation from the waiter, and my boyfriend got the beef short rib special. BOTH WERE AMAZING. and Surprisingly, very filling. The appearance, and taste was on point. Definitely expect fine dining prices, but very decent ones. . . Also got a free dessert from the waiter! Seriously, we had some great chemistry with the waiter, and he served us so well. Got the brownies with the coffee ice cream. Typically the birthday dessert, really tasty. . . No wonder my boyfriend goes here alot. It's amazing!
Every time I visit Vegas, I try to eat here.  I have had dinner here twice and brunch once.  Each visit has been top notch; the food and service are spectacular.
I cannot wait to come back to this place. Such a positive experience.. . Note: book a reservation. They were packed (and we got there at 9:30pm). I was very grateful that we had. It was also my boyfriend's birthday, so I wanted to make sure that they had that on the books. When our server greeted us, she wished him a Happy Birthday. Awesome.. . The ambiance of this place is awesome. Very French, and glamorous. . . I had Champagne, and it was wonderful. Not too sweet, dry, delicious. My boyfriend had beer and he loved his too.. . We started off with the Oysters. OH MY GOD. They were so good....that we ordered another round! I've never had oysters like this before. I want to go back and just order oysters.. . Luckily for us, the main courses were just as wonderful. My boyfriend ordered the Steak Frites, and I ordered the Saffron Mussels and Frites. Our server let us know that we would be getting a lot of fries, so she substituted mushrooms for one of the fries. The steak was amazing, cooked perfectly. They were perfect and full of flavor. The mussels were just incredible. The saffron really came through, and they just tasted heavenly. And the frites were the best we'd ever had. . . For dessert, they brought out chocolate mousse cake with orange sauce and a pistacio brittle. It was delightful.. . Our server was wonderful and so kind. She did an awesome job.. . Next time we are in Vegas, we will be back!!!!
One word...amazing!
After a snafu from the hosty about seating....and the make up by the server - "It's your night, sit wherever the hell you want!"  All I can say about Bouchon - WOW!. . The ambiance and the out of the way to get to the restaurant (even though it is in The Venetian) makes the atmosphere and the food that much more appetizing.  Definitely recommend getting a reservation as this place fills up quickly and people tend to stay.. . Food - after experiencing what we ate, I have to say that probabaly almost anything you order is going to peek your taste buds and leaving you wanting more - again, why people probably linger for the atmosphere, food and drink.    They give you pistachios and some of the best bread and butter spread I have ever experienced for fine dinning - all while being able to make a mess on your table. For an appetizer we had the pork cheek - succelent little bites of meat that complimented our drink selections.  The main course consisted of the scallops - simply amaxzing!  And the special of the day - pork loin over a bed of dirty rice.  Both dished were outstanding and were a testament to the chef's knowledge of food pairings.  We ordered a half carafe of wine on the someliers (sp?) recomendation (although it was the most expensive, it was the best choice for the meals ordered and the wine likings of each person).. . We knew this was going to be an expensive meal, but we couldn't leave without having a dessert to walk off afterwards - our server keyed us into what he called "little pillows" of chocolate ding-dongs or ho-ho's of goodness with coffee ice cream - holy ****.  Enough said.. . In my opinion - if you want a great dining experience with great service and an uncomplicated/complicated menu, this is the place for you.  Plus, after dinner, you get to experience that lavishness of the decor at the Venetian as you walk through the long isolated promenade hallway back out into the Vegas night!
Last Saturday, 2/28/2012, my friend and I came here for brunch that ended up being a lunch because the wait was long, but it was well worth the wait. The nice part about wait was their waiting room with tables and chairs. After the wait, the friendly hostess greeted us and brought us to our table. Along the way to our table, it was nice seeing the oysters displayed in the windows of the oyster bar. I also enjoyed the sunlight coming in from the large windows from the side of the building. There were a lot of tables everywhere and each one was packed. Barely a minute passed and we were immediately greeted by our server to get our drink orders. Our nice server was so sweet getting information from the oyster bar about the tastes and sizes of different orders. It took us a while todecide, but our server was so sweet and she didn't make a fuss about having to come back so many times and getting us more information. One sad part was that I was having a hard time understanding her through her accent.. . Right after we ordered we were given freshly baked bread shaped like wheat as well as strawberry jam and butter to compliment it. The bread was toasted and fluffy on the inside; the butter was sweet, salty, and fluffy; the jam was sweet and tangy. Right after our drinks came out: The strawberry field was sweet with a dry aftertaste and the berries floating inside were edible but tasted only like alcohol; the D'Agistan had a nice orange peel that added a nice scent when you bring the glass to your face. The drink had a nice sweet forefront then a bitter taste which was followed by a grand marnier after taste. The blood and sand drink tasted like a sweet Johnnie Black with a citrus aftertaste. I don't know if I really enjoyed this one but the other two were delicious (this could be because I'm not a fan of Johnnie Black though).The Kumamoto and Hama Hama oysters were fresh and delicious. They came with a ponzu type of sauce that was sweet and tangy with minced onion. Our fois gras order was misunderstood and our server gave us a full serving rather than half, which was odd, but it was still good. I'm not a fan of cold fois gras, but this one was really different. It was served in a jar with butter on top to preserve the fois gras underneath. I liked it better without the butter on top and my friend enjoyed it with the butter. They give you a side of salt and thin strips of crunchy bread for you to enjoy with the dish. The dish tasted and acted like a really buttery pate that melted not only in the jar but in your mouth as well. I thought this was well worth trying. The mushroom soup was really different. It tasted like pureed mushrooms that had a delicious mushroom and broth taste. The oil and creme fraiche with herbs that was served on top of the soup added a nice flavor to the soup. The white sausage with eggs and a croissant was delicious. The sausage had a nice grilled outside and the inside was so tender and juicy that it felt like it melted in my mouth. The sauce was really savory and delicious, but I wish I had more of it! The eggs were nice and fluffy and tasted good.. . Overall, the food was delicious and well worth the wait. Our server was a major sweetheart, really attentive, and answered all of our questions thoroughly despite the fact that the place was so packed. No complaints! I can't wait to come here again to try more of their delicious food!
Soooooooooo good! . . It's quite possible that the steak sous-vide here tops the steaks found at both Peter Luger in NYC and Mastro's in LA. . . Great cocktails and wine list. Very fresh seafood as well.
I loved everything about this restaurant! Had an 8:30 reservation on a Friday night and had to wait about 15 minutes or so which gave us a chance to have a glass of champagne at the bar and peruse the menu and the crowd. . Our waiter, Michael P., was amazing. He was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu, beer and wine pairings, and even the other places we had planned to eat on our trip. He took great care of us and we enjoyed getting to know him a little during dinner.. The food was all excellent. I had the mussels from the seafood bar and my husband had the French onion soup and a mixed green salad with goat cheese. The mussels were simple and delicious. The French onion soup was the best I have ever had with so much deep onion flavor. I'm usually not a huge goat cheese fan but the salad was perfectly balanced and I really enjoyed it. . For dinner my husband had the steak frites, which included the most perfect French fries. Thin, crispy and just perfect salty potatoey goodness. I had the lamb which was delicious as well. It was perfectly cooked as were the beans it was served on. They still had a little bit of a bite to them which I like. It was a fun dish to eat as the lamb, beans and sauce were all good by themselves but became special when eaten together. We also ordered a side of Brussels sprouts because the gentlemen at the table next to us did and they smelled so good I had to have some too. It's strange to say but I have been craving those Brussels sprouts ever since. Yum. I also liked that Michael suggested the cab franc with my lamb as opposed to the more traditional syrah.. For dessert we had the apple tarte tartin with creme fraiche ice cream. Sweet apples, kind of a sour cream ice cream...a nice change from the traditional apple pie. Overall an excellent meal and really quite reasonable in price which was a very pleasant surprise. I have paid much more for meals that were not this good. We will be back for sure.
This place was great. The atmosphere is wide open yet cozy, the service solid, and the food absolutely amazing (most importantly). We got the bone marrow to start, and while that was great, the best part was the bread. Simple, grilled, oiled, it was perfect. It matched the fatty goodness of the marrow perfectly and was a tremendous start to the meal.. . For the main course we had pork cheek with barley and yams that was heavenly and lamb with white beans. Both of these dishes were delectable and enjoyable; something mixed together perfectly within the pork cheek, barley, and yams combination that made me wish it'd never end.. For dessert we had ile flottante with almonds and caramel. I'd never had ile flottante before, and I was pretty much done food-wise, but it was like eating sweet air. The almonds were slightly crunchy and a perfect compliment.. . All in all a great meal.
Hey LV yelpers!. I love Bouchon!. I had dinner here while visiting Vegas in 2010 and came back recently now that I live in Vegas and dinner was excellent both visits.. Bouchon is my favorite french fine dining on the strip so far.. Can't wait to go back.. I'm a fan of their salmon spread (not sure on the name, I ask just for it) and their lamb :) save room for dessert! I love their chocolate filled mini donuts.. Make reservations! If you're not drinking alcohol dinner for 2 should be around $125. -Miss Yelp 2012
Wow. Super delicious.. You will need to make reservations! Also, looking at the menu beforehand can save you some time in the restaurant because it takes them a while to cook your order.. We ordered:. Foie Gras: 2.5oz is enough for 4 people to share, 5oz is good for 6-8. This was really interesting to try on bread with the sea salt they gave us. :). . Bone Marrow: A must have! Delicious with bread, we dipped our breadin the fatty sauce at the bottom of the plate too! Reminded me of Animal Style sauce from In-N-Out, but more like Animal Style sauce 2.0. (no thousand island though..the bone marrow fat was the base). . Pork Cheeks: Very small portion here. $17 won't get you much grub.. . Mussels: Heard this was delicious. He finished it in like 5 minutes.. . Lamb: I didn't get to try this, but she said it was good!. . Steak Diane: This was quite a large steak and it took a while for him to eat it. I had a bite and it was yummy.. . Salmon: This was cooked perfectly. 90% on one side, and 10% on the other to leave the top crispy and the other side soft and melt-in-your-mouthy.. . Blanquette: Braised Veal with veggies. This was pretty good. The veal was really soft and the vegetables complemented it nicely.. . Pomme Frites: Or french fries. One thing of french fries is enough for a bunch of people to share. It was a bit too salty for my liking, but I liked the crispiness if that's a word.
A delightful evening, great staff, wonderful food.  The waiter was exceptional, gave close attention to our needs and kept us very happy throughout the service.  The food was truly exceptional.  Starters, soup, main course, and desert for two will be remembered as one of the greatest evenings out we've enjoyed.
Had a lovely lunch here!. The restaurant is beautiful and relaxing, not stuffy at all.  The food is simply excellent.  . Make reservations well in advanced if you are going to be in the area. .  This place is a must.
The reviews hating on the cost of bread are out of control.  Did you go to Bouchon for a good deal?  I hope not.  It's expensive.  We spent $100 on brunch and honestly thought we got out of there for a steal.. . The food is amazing, but the drinks are even better - French 75 and bellini....wow.  They do amazing things with breakfast: who would have thought short ribs work in an omelet?  Thomas Keller.  Great call.
I was in LV for business, as and was lucky enough to join my colleagues at Bouchon for out final dinner.. . The service is exquisite. The servers really know their stuff and are very pleased to make your every wish come true. The food is amazing, from the foi gras, the seafood towers, to the dessert. It was all amazing, and ridiculously filling, but SO SO GOOD! . . I cannot tell you how delicious the Steak Bouchon is. But let me tell you this, if I could eat steak every day, I would want mine from Bouchon. Juicy, tender, and flavorful. Well worth they $45 price.. . If you are in Vegas, and you want to do Vegas up the right way, go to Bouchon!
The food is very good we ate at a bar table and still had great service.  It's very difficult to find I would just ask someone in the hotel.
Bouchon was the absolute perfect place for a classy Saturday brunch before getting down and dirty at the Lavo day club later on in the day.. . They do not take ressies for brunch, but was told that if you arrive pre 11am, or post 1pm, you should not have an issue getting a table; just be seated before kitchen closes at 2pm and you are golden. Given my love for brunches waaaaay late in the day, obvi my group of 7 and I arrived a little after 1pm and only waited 5 mins for our table to be ready. . . The atmosphere is light and airy - reminding me a bit of Balthazaar in the city. The menu was extensive & everything sounded amazing, but I knew I HAD to get the chicken & waffles [$25] as well as the croque madame [$19]. A few of us started with some coffee which was rich and aromatic. . . They began by placing 2 "branches" of olive bread on our table. They legit looked like branches! Super cute - we all just grabbed a "leaf" and pulled. It was like having a wishbone moment at Thanksgiving, except we were all winners! ;). . The plates arrived soon after, and the portions were very very very generous. My friend and I split the C&W and CM and could not finish our meal at all. The CM comes with like 5lbs of french fries! I was pleased to read that the C&W was not fried but roasted, as I had given up fried food for Lent. The chicken on that dish was SOOO succulent, moist, and tasty. It came with gravy, but was juicy enough to eat on its' own. Each dish comes with a dark meat and a white meat piece - both of which were amazeballs. The waffles are infused with BACON(!!) and chives, and had the right amount of crisp in them. The CM was good, but nothing amazing. I did enjoy the slippery egg on top and the perfectly runny yolk.. . The other girls ordered the Salmon Baguette [$16] (which you have to assemble yourself - cute, but I like my food done for me, thx), pot of mussels [$25.50] (lots and lots of lots and mussels!), and the sourdough waffles [$12] (the girl who ordered this is a waffles fiend, so she def liked it =D). . Such a great meal w/ my best girlfriends. Would definitely return if I'm ever back in Vegas (psh, if? More like when...)
We were staying at the Palazzo and saw ads all over the place for Bouchon so we decided what the hey, we'll try it out for breakfast. In a word, delicious. The restaurant has a nice atmosphere, our server was great, and the food was plentiful. For $22 I received coffee, pastry (chocolate croissant, yum), fruit cup, and a plate of eggs, potatoes, toast, and spinach. Well worth the price. My wife got fancy banana waffles with a side of bacon and she enjoyed it as well.. . We'll be back on our next trip, but maybe we'll head over there for lunch or dinner to see what else they have to offer.
Best breakfast in Las Vegas!  Even though I don't stay at the Venetian/Venezia Hotel, I always make Bouchon a destination breakfast spot.  Best value is the Breakfast Jardiniere for $22, you get two eggs any style, toasted brioche, tropical fruit salad, sauteed spinach , Lyonnaise potatoes, pastry, juice and Bouchon blend coffee.  Service is very nice and attentive.  Lovely setting.
Bouchon is top of our list on every Las Vegas trip. This past weekend was an interesting experience that started out bad and ended up amazing. . . In town for a business/pleasure trip and decided to take the fiance and her dad here for dinner as first timers. Was expecting the same five star food and service that I have always experienced at Bouchon BUT that did not happen. Unfortunately our server was not the greatest. He made some rude and derogatory statements to both my fiance and her father. I was shocked and thought he was joking...but he wasn't. Tried to order the steak between medium-rare to medium and it came out well done.. . I had the croque madame, they had steak frites. Aside from the well done steak (likely the waiters fault) food was spot on. We sat outside, which was a first for me, and the weather and atmosphere were perfect. . . After paying the bill and on our way out the hostess asked if everything was great. I was reluctant but ended up mentioning how rude our server was and that I thought it needed to be addressed. She took down my information for the manager and he called me the next day to apologize. He invited us back for a complementary brunch.. . Oh wow... let me tell you they treated us like royalty. Comped the brunch completely. We had mimosas, pastries, yogurt with granola, beignets, chicken and waffles - couldn't do the dessert -- so full. . . This place is a real class act. They actually care about their patrons and will go out of their way to make things right.
Originally I come from around the Napa area and there's one name that rings loud when it comes to fine dining. That name is Thomas Keller. One of the things that always seems to shine through about his restaurant is the simple fact that he cares. He cares about the food and he cares about his employees. That fact is reflected in every one of his restaurants.. . What can I say about the food that the previous thousand reviewers have not. The food is spectacular. I've dined here on a number of occasions and have yet to be the slightest bit disappointed in what I have order. The most recent time I dined here I had the Roulette aux Deux Saumon to start, followed by the Moulles aux Saffron. Let me tell you, the roulette is one of the most spectacular things I have ever eaten. Something so simple has no business being as good as it is. The mussels were nothing to scoff at either. Very delicate, yet flavorful, which was exactly what I was going for after many nights of heavy drinking. . . The service when I came here was phenomenal. So here is my sad little story. I came to dine here by myself as I had an entire day to kill in Vegas before my flight. Often times I feel uncomfortable being a mid-twenties guy eating by myself. I feel that people look at me funny, but not here. The wait staff did an excellent job of engaging with me on a personal as well as professional level. The service was extremely attentive, but not overbearing. They really know how to balance it here. Their intuitiveness is something that I have rarely seen at many restaurants. They seemed to know exactly what I was going to ask for next and already had it prepared. . . Two drinks, an appetizer, and main course ran me about $110 after tax and tip. I feel that price was justified considering what I got out of it. What people often forget about dining is that the price is not just about the food, its about the experience. The experience I had here has only served to solidify that Thomas Keller is my favorite restaurateur. Thank you Bouchon.  . . PS: The baked goods are delicious.
I saw a spot on Anthony Bourdain's "No Reservations" about this place and mentally filed it away for my trip to Vegas. . . We were traveling with a group of friends who definitely weren't foodies so after we split for the evening I took my sister aside and dragged her over to the Venetian. We had to ask where it was inside the hotel because it's really tucked away. . . This restaurant was opened by Thomas Keller, who founded the French Laundry in California's  Napa  Valley. He didn't go to school but bounced around from place to place, picking up knowledge as he went. By the time he got to Napa, he had a strong idea how he wanted the restaurant to be. . . The ambiance is warm and understated, the service is attentive without being intrusive, the food is beautifully prepared and not fou-fou. My sister remembers the bread, fresh butter, and the coffee. She also had an excellent trout and a creme brulee. I was too cautious in my choice of dinner, by getting the chicken, it was good, but not remarkable. What was was the feeling of well-being and contentment that we felt as we lingered over dessert and after dinner drinks!
Dinner here was fantastic, no bones about it.  My three girlfriends and I ate here on Saturday night and easily out ate the entire table of 8 anorexic bimbos next to us.  What can I say?  We love good food and we know good food.  . . From start to finish, the food was top notch.  We started with the petite plateau seafood platter, the salmon rillettes, and the bone marrow.  Yes, all three.  If I'm being completely honest, the seafood platter was probably my "least" favorite and that is in no way to say that it was bad.  It was just fine in comparison to the other two entrees.   The sauce that accompanied the bone marrow was one of the best things I've ever had - simply delicious.  I think all four of us discussed whether it would be inappropriate to lick the plate at one point or another.  The salmon rillettes were also outstanding.  I saw this on an episode of Best Thing I Ever Ate (thanks Tyler Florence) and knew I couldn't come here without trying it.  Definitely not sorry I did.  My only qualm was that Tyler's came with a large chunk of clarified butter on top that he got to put on the delicious bread.  Okay, in retrospect, I probably didn't need that butter and it probably would have caused me to eat even more bread, which I definitely didn't need.  . . I opted for the chicken for my entree, given that Thomas Keller is known for his chicken and that the waiter didn't seem to endorse the steak frites too heartily.  This was hands down the best chicken I've ever eaten.  The white meat was juicy, as was the dark - a rare feat.  The skin was crispy and well worth the calories.  My favorite part was the au jus that was served with the chicken.  It was so powerfully flavored but not overwhelmingly so - it just captured the pure chicken essence into a magically flavored broth.  The steak Bouchon was also delicious - cooked perfectly for all of my dining companions.  . . The bouchon brownie dessert was very good and the creme brulee was fine, if not standard.  They were a nice touch to round out a great meal, though we were all too full to eat much of them.. . We shared a bottle of Cote du Rhone that was somewhere in the $44 range and was an absolutely fantastic wine.  Very smooth and complimented all of our meals (even my last minute change to the chicken entree) incredibly well.   I wish I remembered the name of it because I'd love to get it again at home.  I can't wait to try the Yountville location on my future (hopefully) trip to Napa.
Incredible dinner.  I could eat here every day, but the butter would eventually kill me.. . We started out with mussels, frites, and escargot.  You can't go wrong with mussels and frites... but I have to admit that I like new Zealand mussels over the new England ones.  Sacrilege,  I know.  The escargot was amazing.  Each one had a mini puff pastry on top.  Between the escargot and the puff pastry, it was like double the butter and garlic soaking ability.  Pure genius.  It didn't stop us from slipping up the remaining butter and garlic with the fresh baguette.. . For my main course, I had the leg of lamb by recommendation of our server.  Probably one of the best lamb dishes I've had.  The fava beans and turnips went well.  Nice rich lamb taste, not over powering.  I think the only better lamb I've had came off of a spit in Piraeus.. . Then, for dessert, we started with the Teahive cheese, again by recommendation.  It was a tea infused cheddar, served with a honeycomb, slices of apple, and some raisin bread.  The four flavors went so nicely together, and it was the perfect transition to our main dessert... brownies with peanut butter ice cream.  I have to say that it was the PB best ice cream ever.  Like a cold, creamy serving of hand made peanut butter.  . . Like I said, I could eat here for the rest of my life.  It was so rich though, I'd probably die of obesity and a heart attack sooner than later.. . Oh, I highly recommend Bouchon.
One of the Best French restaurant i have ever had. Id you order The Grand Plateau you will not be disappointedIII The lobster and Oyster were exceptionally fresh and tasty. Next come the main course Steak "Bouchon" Rare!!! Truly an Amazing steak!!!. I would definitely come back next time i am in Vegas
Amazing. Food-gasm. Thomas effing Keller to the rescue. Words cannot describe my experience at Bouchon. I had the chicken, for god's sakes, and it was INCREDIBLE. The baguette? Like I had in Paris (yep, threw in the pretentious Paris card). Even the butter was amazing. Ended the meal with the lemon tart and could have died I was so happy. Do yourself a favor--go to Bouchon. Just go.
There are only a few places in Las Vegas that I'd shell out for a good meal, and Bouchon is one of them.. . If you 've been to the Bouchon in California then the first thing you'll notice is that the deco is exactly the same: high ceilings, art deco furnishing, black and white tiled floor with splashes of tall greens here and there. It is a delight admiring the attire of the servers who are all uniformly dressed in black satin vests over the pressed-white dress-shirts.  The look is accented with a full piece of ankle-length, clean-white clothes secured on the back with an elegant twist.  . . The lovely maitre'd whisked me to a table and I was quickly served with the same grain-shaped, freshly-baked bread accompanied by fluffy savory butter.  My server's name was Brendon, a hearty gentlemen adorned with those old-school glasses like in Mad Men.  Having eyes that are always too big for my stomach and with a greedy heart of wanting to sample everything, I turned to him for recommendations.  . . Without hesitation, Brandon recommended the foie gras (2.5oz), and decided on the tomato salade to freshen up the palate before we move onto the entree of the day.  . . The 2.5oz foie grais with sea salt came with neatly-stacked and golden toast strips.  To my surprise it was served in a small container where the top is covered with a thin layer of fat.  The server scooped out the surface fat and left me alone to enjoy the dish.  Scooping out the foie gras required a bit of a maneuverer since it was chilled in solid form, but the little pieces of it that fell out of my spoon quickly melted into, for a lack of better word, fat, on my plate. It is truly a delightful indulgence - a smooth, rich, flavorful piece that fills your mouth.  This dish is best to be shared between two people. . . Tomato Salad is comprised of fresh tomatoes of various sizes and colors are cut in half, tossed in light vinaigrette and plated beautifully on a grand piece of 'melon'. . . All the staff was very attentive and my water glass was never half-full.  The server came around to take away the pistachio shells (did I mention they were warm and toasty when they were served?).. . The last dish was the special of the day: Plum sauce with basil infusion and dabs of fresh young goat cheese surrounding the tender....I almost burst into tears when I had this.  Everything was married together perfectly in a joyous dance. . . Just as I thought the dinner was done, Brendon came around and placed a dessert spoon on the table: "Got something sweet for you." I widened my eyes in disbelief, wow! Compliment of the house! The dessert was Pot-de-Cream with lemon jelly coating accompanied by two short-bread cookies dusted in fine sugar. My heart leaped up when I had the first scope; like the foie gras, silky smooth and full of flavour.  And for contrast I alternated between bites of the cookies and scoops of the pot-de-cream.. . All in all, I look forward to the next time I dine at Bouchone.  If you get there before me, please say hello to Brandon.  . . Bon appetito~
Granted, I've only eaten here for breakfast, but what a fantastic breakfast it is.  The croque monsieur is easily one of the best things I've ever eaten, and the fries here are some of the best.  The specialty omelettes here are also out of this world - it doesn't seem like there is really that much that can be done with eggs, but Bouchon manages to find a way. . . I love the atmosphere here early in the morning - its fairly empty, the staff is formal but still relax and not stuffy or annoying, and it all equates to a very nice, very relaxed breakfast experience.  . . A breakfast here also won't break the bank...it's not exactly cheap, but I'd much rather spend my money here than at a place like Grand Lux or Hash House.  . . I can't wait to try this place for dinner.
I keep coming back for more. Still the best breakfast in Las Vegas by far and off all the top name restaurants that serve breakfast,  still by far the vest value (even though it is a little pricey) Quiche Lorraine, bacon pomme frites. Can't get enough. So obsessed with Mr. Keller's quiche that I make my family sit through every failed attempt to match his quiche at home.  My only complaint, like everywhere I else, is the lack of a iced green tea. Can't wait to get back for another meal.
I came here based solely on the reputation of French Laundry and Thomas Keller. What I got was exactly what I was looking for and more, bistro style fare served in a great setting, but still laid back enough that I'm not going to knock a slip up here or there. My wife and I sat at the bar after being told that they weren't serving dinner yet, but we could get Hors D'Oeuvres. After a quick glance at their beer selection I chose a St Bernardus Abt 12 (Quad) and proceeded to look at a small menu. We opted to get oysters to split, salmon rillettes, and a croque madame.. . When the oysters came out they came with the usual condiments plus one that I was not familiar with. My wife was saying something about how I wasn't going to put anything on my oysters when the bartender interjected saying that the red wine vinagrette was actually quite delicious if used sparingly. I am very glad I took his recommendation. Growing up in New England I'm quite particular about seafood and he might have changed my mind about how to eat oysters. We got three varieties of oyster, which unfortunately I don't remember. Two of the types were absolutely phenomenal, one was average.. . The Rillettes aux Deus Salmon were absolutely out of this world. If you're not familiar with rillettes it was similar to pate. Traditionally they would be made using the fat of the animal served, however with salmon they use butter (it's an oily fish, but not particularly fatty) and age them in clarified butter. This was the most jaw dropping part of the meal. I want to immediately make the drive from San Diego to Beverly Hills to get this dish again. If you go for one single thing it should be this. It's a dish that is a little on the expensive side for the amount you get, but trust me on this one.. . I had never had a Croque Madame before, so I can't comment on any sort of comparison, but I can say that it was absolutely delicious, oh and served with a pile of the best pomme frites (french fries) I have ever had in my life. If you're worried about spending a lot of money this is the thing to get. It's under $20 (I don't remember the exact price, it might have been under $15) and is a lot of food. . . Bottom line, their beer is too expensive but the selection works very well with the food served. The ambiance is exactly what I was looking for. Removed from the strip so that you don't have to deal with that nonsense while you're eating. It's quaint, but not in a uber laid-back way. If you like bistro food you're going to love Bouchon.
We loved Bouchon! . The hostess kindly sat us early since we arrived a bit early. Our waiter was helpful and friendly, the food was tremendous.  We started with a sazerac...very delicious. Then, on to a cheese plate (the blue roll) that was incredibly mild and smooth, served with sliced apple. It satisfied me, a blue cheese lover, and my husband, someone who is not fond of blue. Worked for both of us! There was also some delicious bread as an intro plate, and pistachios, very fresh. I then had the scallops as a main (gigantic and wonderful), and my husband had the lamb shank (a meat lover's dream) along with a side of cabbage fondue and bone marrow. Thank goodness we had meds for cholesterol with us, I am sure we used our year's allotment for fatty foods all in one meal. Wonderful and a very enjoyable evening.
Accessed through two elevators near the Venetian parking lot (not the Palazzo), this Thomas Keller gem is sure to be a crowd-pleaser whenever one wants to impress an out of town guest on the strip for a classy yet affordable weekend brunch.  They don't take reservations for brunch so getting here early will cut down on the wait time.  I've been here three times with close friends and most recently for my mom's birthday, and the chicken and waffles is what I always recommend.  Having grown up in the South, this is not your soul food variety with fried chicken and sweet waffles as is done at many other places in town, but a wonderful reinvention that showcases the creativity and respect Keller shows towards his ingredients, classical French cooking techniques, and the humble dish from which it is inspired.   . . The dish is presented at one's table with a perfectly half-roasted chicken with crispy flavorful herb-encrusted skin enclosing impossibly succulent and juicy meat that comes right off the bone.  Despite being laced with with chives and bacon, these savory waffles are light as a feather.  The accompaniments include maple syrup and a Chasseur sauce("hunter's" sauce) made with demi-glace, mushrooms, shallots, and herbs, along with a Tahitian vanilla bean butter.  Nothing is unintentional as one can feel free to spread a little butter on the waffle, drizzle some maple syrup to finish, and eat it alongside the chicken dipped in the Chasseur...such a complex symphony of flavors that will have your taste-buds doing cartwheels.  Very rarely can a variation on a classic transcend the original, but with someone of Thomas Keller's caliber, I think his rendition does just that.
I always heard great things about Thomas Keller's restaurants and I must say, Bouchon Bistro was amazing!  From the moment my date and I arrived there, we were attended to immediately.  I can't even put into words the taste of the Steak Bouchon.....it was to die for, cooked to perfection!  And not to mention the truffle sauce (or should I say jus), I just couldn't get enough of it.  I became very full after eating half of the steak, but I did not let that stop me :) That's how delicious it was.  Now that I've been here, I will definitely be going to the French Laundry located in Napa. Who's in?!
Bouchon is a strikingly casual yet elegant bistro located in the upper reaches of the Venetian hotel.  How casual?  One of our servers did an extended shimmy to a Prince song, there was constant "inappropriate" banter between ourselves and the wonderful individuals who serviced our tables, and there may have been an impromptu coloring session wherein caricatures of patrons at other tables may have been found serenading around the staff's own contribution - the sexy and i know it duck.  So while the high ceilings and beautiful courtyard might suggest one experience, you certainly aren't limited in that manner.  . . The unanimous decision of our table is that this is the best service we have ever had.  I should explain that.  The balance between entertaining and professional one finds here is something I had previously not experienced.  One might think that perhaps the staff's antics was a convenient mask shrouding potential issues concerning their knowledge of the menu.  That is simply not the case.  We received incredible guidance concerning wine choices and our server hand-picked an off-menu dessert for us (an incredible vanilla bean creme brulee that one international traveler in our group deemed the best she has ever had... it was in my top five as well).  When I can say that people who worked at the restaurant overshadowed a Thomas Keller production in a positive fashion, it becomes at least subjectively obvious that a new dining experience has been created.  . . That leads us to the food.  Bouchon is one of those few Vegas restaurants that allows friends with different means to comfortably dine with one another.  You don't have to go high-end (I did anyway); as you can see, most Yelp reviews focus on the cheapest dish, a luxuriously decadent take on the Croque Madame, a dish that is fully less than 1/2 the price of the steak.  I am sure it is incredible, yet I would encourage patrons to purchase the steak Bouchon, a blissful cut of New York strip steak doused in black truffle jus and accompanied with celery and potato boulangere.  It was easily the best steak I have had since I have moved to DC, and frankly, may have been the best strip steak I have ever eaten (and yes, this is coming from a Texas guy).  The portion was generous, absolutely perfectly cut, aromatic from the truffle, and intensely flavorful.  I would strongly suggest pairing the steak with the sauteed spinach (brilliant) and potato puree (very buttery).  While it wasn't paired with the steak, the other dish I really enjoyed was the braised cabbage.  I wasn't as enamored by the mac and cheese here, but that isn't to say that it wasn't a solid preparation.  . . Given that this restaurant delivered on two of arguably the best experiences of my life (best service and potentially best NY strip steak), it is pretty much a no brainer that I would suggest this restaurant to anyone.
I came to Bouchon on a friends recommendation and boy was I impressed.  Great service from our waiter Nico. This review is for dinner only. We started with the soup of the day and escargot app. It was awesome. I had the Bouchon steak and my wife had the gnocchi, both were excellent. Great decor and ambiance. I can't wait to come here again and I can't wait to try the one in Beverly Hills.
Delicious! By far the best roasted chicken dish that I've had by-far. Went in April a few years back and also just last year and the foodquality has not changed. Ambiance and staff are excellent. . . Too bad I can't be a regular here since it's a bit pricey for me, but I will definitely be back for certain occasions. I hear their brunch is amazing, must be on my to-eat list.
An amazing restaurant in a great location. I always leave here stuffed because i can notstop eating the bread. Best bread anywhere. I recommend the steak frittes but they always have amazing specials as well.
Excellent food -- as others say, best roasted chicken I've ever had. It was seasoned and cooked to perfection. . . Service was friendly and attentive.
Perfect place for sunday brunch and its been a traditional that we come for sunday brunch after a crazy saturday night. love that they have fresh squeeze juice because that is the only way i like my juice. the beignets are so amazingly good and what better than housemade jam and nutella to go with. it was breakfast heaven. of course the oysters were fresh and ohhh so yummy mmmmmmMMMMmmm. i had the special for that day and everytime ive come ive always ordered the special and it was always spectacular! however that leaves me unable to eat the regular menu which i have been wanting to do everytime im there. unfortunately once the waiter/waitress starts telling me about the special of the day its so hard not to order that. still want to try the chicken and waffles and the french toast OMG that will be the goal next time im there. Last time here i treated myself and two others and it came out to 150. not cheap to eat but anytime your at a thomas keller establishment this is the kind of price tag you are looking at but you will definitely get the most bang outta your buck here. food wise at least lol.
Ahh, the brunch is amazing!. . Although the Bouchon French Toast was a little too sweet for my liking, I thoroughly enjoyed the Breakfast Americaine! . . The wait can range from 30-40 minutes on weekends, but weekdays it's pretty flexible. Sit al fresco on those glorious Vegas days.
Two words:  Steak Frites.  . . That's all you have to remember to say when the server takes your order to ensure you enjoy your meal.  The french fries are unreal.  Anthony Bourdain raved about them on his show so I knew they would be legit.  I'm heading back to Vegas in two weeks and will be dining at Bouchon again.. . TIPS:  . 1. Order wine, not cocktails.  Their mixed drinks are a little too stiff.. 2. Not overly stuffy, so you can leave the dinner jacket and evening gown in your room. 3. If you've made other plans for dinner, consider Bouchon for Breakfast.
My boyfriend brought me here for breakfast in Las Vegas.  I love dating a fellow foodie, he makes magic happen for me.. . He had the chicken and waffles (roasted chicken, bacon and chive waffle,. Tahitian vanilla bean butter, sauce chasseur) and I had the sourdough waffles with bananas, toasted walnuts, maple syrup & Tahitian vanilla bean butter.  It was sheer heaven.  . . We both had cocktails, mine had an edible flower in it.  The whole meal was a complete treat.  I would recommend highly and return.. . The wait staff was amazing too.
Never in my life did I expect to succumb to the chicken and waffles craze. But my friend invited me here for brunch and after reading the reviews I had to consider it.. . And then I ordered it. And oh my was it delicious. Moan with happiness every five minutes delicious. I pretty much had a near religious experience with this dish. The roasted chicken + brown Thanksgiving-style gravy paired with the bacon and chive waffle + vanilla bean butter + maple syrup all sounds like an odd couple, but was absolutely and positively magical. The flavors mixed together so amazingly that I was in shock. Every now and then I'd eat only the chicken or waffle, but would quickly return to the well engineered combo. That's right, engineered - it was clear that this dish was well thought out.. . Now that I've gushed about the chicken and waffles to the point of boring you, I must also note that the complimentary bread and butter were also divine. And the house coffee is some of the best coffee I've ever had. Truly an amazing experience all around, and one that I will be dreaming of frequently.
Took mom here for her b-day brunch - I was on a mission to order as much food as possible because every time I come to visit she tries to take me to TGI Friday's or some BS so this was my attempt to change that.. . The beignets covered in cinnamon and sugar served w/ nutella and jam were so friggen good. Those and some coffee would make a nice snack. I got the shrimp and grits special and it was delicious. Mom got steak frites - very good, the fries are not of the crunchy variety but they had a really good flavor. The french 77 cocktail went VERY well with all the food. We shared a chocolate mouse and it's hands down one of the best chocolate desserts I've ever had.
We had dinner plans and found out our show was within the hour. We told out waiter who was so helpful and we only got to try the appetizers! Our waiter was very helpful in suggesting the appetizers! Would come back and try the main dishes. We had fresh oysters, Terrine de Foie GRAS de Canard, Escargot a la bouguignonne and Confit de Canard! It was awesome!
Outstanding experience at Bouchon.  The Gnocchi a la Parisienne was fantabulous.  Rich flavors without being too heavy.  I wish Vegas was closer or Mr. Keller would open a place in Denver.
Bouchon is one of my all-time favorite restaurants. Top 5 for sure. The food is exceptional. I order something different every time and I'm blown away every time. The charcuterie platter is delicious and the salmon rillette is ridiculously good. We tried the bone marrow last time and it was awesome. I had the New York steak with potato gratin and my girlfriend had the veal tenderloin. Both were fantastic. Throw in a couple Grey Goose martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives and a waiter with a good personality and attention to detail and we had a dinner to remember. Definitely worth the price. I'm looking forward to going to Napa to try out the Bouchon there, as well as Keller's other restaurant, French Laundry.
The service was impeccable. The 6 of my closest girlfriends dined here for my bachelorette dinner in Vegas. We wanted a classy dinner to celebrate all of us together :) I couldn't have picked a better place. We got outside patio seating and the lighting and weather couldn't have been more perfect.. . We ordered the soft-shell crab appetizer special, along with the entree Salmon, Steak dinner, Lamb entree dinner, Steak and Frites, and the Sole dinner special. I also got to try their French onion soup.. . Everything was splendid! The soft-shell crab and the french onion soup were some of the best I've had. Order the steak dinner - so worth your money. It was a 16 oz. piece of perfectly made beef! My lamb was spectacular and I would order it again in a heart beat. Both the fish entrees were cooked well and extremely flavorful.. . I want to come back for their brunch!
DINNER:. . Moelle Rotie  *. My first time trying roasted bone marrow and I loved it!  I had no idea there was so much flavor in the marrow of bone.. . Salade de Pommes de Terre  *. This was potato salad but pumped up a notch.  It was good but what really made this was the egg yolk on top.. . Escargot a la Bourguignonne  *. So buttery & delicious and topped with a super light, fluffy, puff pastry. . Confit de Canard  *. The duck leg confit was so delicious and flavorful and the lentils were the best lentils I've ever tasted!. . Confit d'Esturgeon. This was a bit of a disappointment.  After starting off with 4 great starters, this dish was a just okay.. . Bouchon. Chocolate brownies shaped like corks but BETTER than ordinary brownies.  As you would expect from a restaurant known for it's pastries, these were the perfect balance between rich, chewy goodness but not too chewy with a bit of that crunchy edge that everyone loves.  These are a must!. . I can't recall the name of the other dessert we ordered.  Perhaps it's because I could have easily forgotten this dessert.  It was described as almost like a fancy pop tart.  I guess that should have been a clue but I expected more.. . I was also disappointed that they didn't have beignets on the menu for dessert but returned the following morning to get my beignet fix.. . BREAKFAST:. . Beignets  *. FANTASTIC!!  We were lucky enough to get a special treat!  After meeting the pastry Chef, after our delicious dinner, we got a special order of beignets.  Three types, filled with chocolate, raspberry and a delicious vanilla custard.  The vanilla one's were my favorite but all were oh so delicious!. . Corned Beef Hash. This was surprisingly disappointing.  It was mostly corned beef and very little potato.  I prefer my corned beef and potato bits to have more crispy edges.  I also asked for my eggs to be 'sunny side up' but they were more 'over medium'.  My yolk did not ooze out over my corned beef, the way I like it to.. . Moules au Safran et a la Moutarde  *. This was so delicious!  Better than the mussels I experienced in Brussels but then I think I somehow managed to find the worst place to have them when I was in Belgium.  Anyways, these were so buttery, garlicky and TASTY!!  We hardly touched the fries, although they were thin, crispy and perfectly fried.  The rest of the food was just too good to fill up on fries.. . SUMMARY:. I put a star next to each of the items I had that I would recommend.   :)
This is truly a must for a great, wait, I mean fantastic breakfast. There is most likly going to be a nice wait in store for you, but let me tell you it is well worth it. My wife and I got the pastry plate, I know it is a lot of pastries, but, just take them back with you to your room so that you can savor them later, or maybe the next morning with some coffee. (help soak up all the drinks from the night before). . I don't even remember what my wife had, but I had the special, braised short ribs with eggs over an English muffin!!!!! Wow, what a way to start a morning.. This will for sure be our go to in Vegas, I love staying at the Pallazo, probably one of the best resorts on the strip in my opinion, and Bouchon just adds to the experience.. Cannot wait to try dinner there!
Great food, great service, and interesting presentations! Go! Enjoy!
This review only pertains to the midweek breakfast offerings at Bouchon, our party of two enjoyed a Noon seating on Wednesday.  We were hoping to eat on the patio, but alas it was just too hot yesterday when we arrived (maybe early in the AM is best for that) and we decided against it, although there are very spacious umbrellas there for coverage from the hot hot Vegas sun. . . We enjoyed the fresh squeezed OJ, sourdough waffles (with strawberries and vanilla bean butter), brioche french toast (with paper thin apple slices and cinnamon), side of perfectly crisp bacon and a yogurt parfait.  I wanted so much to ask for a side of beignets, but realizing that we were already approaching carbohydrate overdose I held myself back.  . . Speaking to the fluffy brioche french toast, it was lovely and the perfect size for a breakfast dish, not sickly sweet.  We ended up adding two scrambled eggs on the side and they appeared on our table very fast.   All in all, Bouchon was the perfect meal for a late breakfast, a peaceful morning dining experience in the middle of Vegas hustle and bustle.. . I just woke up the half-asleep boyfriend to ask if he wanted to add anything to the review and he said, "it was really good."
Have only been for brunch on Sundays.  But I think they do it best.  Service is 5 star, food is 5 star.  Seating inside and out, although outside in summer can be okay as the sun doesn't hit their seating until about 1-2.  Mussels are awesome, Oeuf and Boudin Blanc is amazing.  Good cheese selection and seafood selection.  Wine and drink selection also suits all.  If brunch is a must for you, this is the top of the list.
Bouchon, how have we never met before?. . My bf is a chef, and has loved Thomas Keller for as long as he can remember. He always told me about Bouchon, and how he had never been... so for his birthday I decided to make reservations at the LV location.. . Reservation service on the phone was helpful and on point. I notified them it was his birthday and they gladly served him a dessert at the end of his meal.. . Upon getting there (with our reservation being at 8P) it was packed! With it being such a popular place I wasn't mad even though I was hungry. It took about 30 mins to get seated.... but once being seated they gave us complimentary champagne for having to wait, win!. . The service was efficient and accurate. Remember if it's busy, the time from ordering to getting your food can take a while. This restaurant is beyond amazing and extremely busy, but it's clean, intimate, and the food was amazing.. . Did I mention the portions are big? For it being a chic restaurant, my beau and I assumed the portions would be a bit small.... once we got our food we were shocked, they are very giving. . +Fries are heavenly.. +Bib salad.... the dressing with herbs is fresh & out of this world. Light & simple.. +French Onion Soup - will get your taste buds going crazy, very savory & onion-ey!. +Trout with the best green beans you'll ever consume. +Complimentary bread & pistachios (bread is cold.. pistachios are warm!). . By far one of the best dining experiences I've had. They have one in Beverly HIlls which is in my area, so I will be back. Check the menu since it changes with the season. You will not be disappointed with your dining experience at Bouchon. Cheers!~
Brunch here was amazing! I ate here dinner about 2 years ago and it wasn't very memorable, but their brunch is worth getting up early for. We ate here on a. Tuesday morning and there was no wait but I'm pretty sure there is a long wait on the weekends. I would wait to eat here though, it was that good.. . The scenery is also great. We ate outside on the patio and it was perfect. . . We started out with a pastry basket and coffee. The coffee is served in the cutest little cups. The pastries were delicious but very filling. I just got a standard bacon, egg, and toast breakfast because I didn't want anything too sweet. But it was amazing. My boyfriend is very indecisive so he ordered two things. He got the french toast which was extremely sweet but good. I wasn't able to have more than a bite and that enough. . . He also ordered the waffles which stole the show. Amazing. The waffles come with this amazing vanilla bean butter and strawberries. I'm seriously craving their waffles right now! So good. Worth waking up early and a good place to nurse that Vegas hangover!
Finally made it for dinner.  Thomas Keller fans rejoice.  Arrived around 9:30 pm, no wait at all.  Front of house staff were awesome, made us feel welcome like you were guests at someone's home.  Service was flawless.  Love the bread on the table.  Like right on the table  Salmon fans, try the Salmon rillette.  Amazing.  So good, my wife and I had to take our mothers the next night.  Also tried the Lamb, Sole, Steak Frites.  All good, but they had trouble cooking my steak at medium rare.  But because of the overall service and quality of food it is still a 5.  Will definitely be back.  Dont miss it!!
The brunch here was amazing. A total of 6 of us arrived at 11:30am on Saturday for brunch. We waited 30 minutes and were seated. The bright atmosphere and the gardens/pool outside were perfect.. . I had the corned beef hash and it was DELICIOUS! I tried a bite from others and the food was top notch. We had a great time and I would highly recommend this place.
Amazing restaurant! We ate here twice in one weekend! Located in the Venetian with its own elevator from the casino level, Bouchon leaves little to be desired. Plates are large and reasonably priced for such decadence and service. The Steak frites was very tender, grilled to perfection, the mussel plate come with a million mussels! Wine-sauce was perfect for the meal. Each plate came with French fries---and a ton at that, the server mentioned that each plate comes with 17 potatoes.. . Brunch was delicious. The coffee is the best I've had in a long time. We ordered te cheese tasting (honey and cheese and apples)---great! Madame Croque is fun. It's a sandwich with ham, cheese, eggs, wow. We also ordered their famous chicken and waffles. The chicken isn't fried, it's baked. Waffles are cut into quarters and are full of herbs/tasty spices. We loved the syrup and the savory sauce that came with it. Both dishes came with fries!. . 5 stars for an amazing dining experience. I wish I could eat here all the time!
Definitely recommend this place. Service is excellent.
This restaurant never disappoints us.  Until we can afford French Laundry, we'll enjoy Bouchon. Whenever we want good meal, Bouchon is the one to go! Even their french fries are too goood. . . The ambiance to the food, everything is perfect. At first glace on the menu, everything you see, you have seen before but when you taste it, it's like the first time you've ever eaten it. There is something to be said about doing something that everyone has done before but doing it better. . . I think dinner here is the way to enjoy Bouchon. Breakfast or Brunch is wonderful but I think the best way to enjoy Bouchon is thier dinner.
Excellent Food, what else can I say. We ordered 2 main courses: lamb and muscles and oysters appetizer. I wouldn't change a thing. My Sazerac was also excellent.
An absolute Must Eat in Vegas! It has been on my list for ages, and I finally made it on my bachelorette trip last weekend. . . We went for brunch, and it was fantastic. Upon first inspection of the menu it appeared a little over-priced, but then you realize that most meals come with coffee and juice, a pastry, and fresh bread with butter and jam.. . I had the Breakfast Americane which is two eggs any style, toast, bacon, and sausage. It was quite a lot of food, so much I couldn't even finish it. My sister had the Jambon et Oeufs, which is ham, eggs, toast, and Lyonaisse potatoes -- GET THE POTATOES. They melted in your mouth they were so good.
This review is for dinner.  I was between a 4 and a 5, but I rounded up.  I don't have any specific gripes, but maybe I was just expecting something unique.  This is classic cuisine done well, without a "twist."  And that's just fine.. . Service was helpful without hovering.  Our server helped us make decisions about the cheese plate, and his recommendations were spot on.  The Corpse Reviver cocktail is something that you can't get everywhere, and it was delicious.. . I had the steak frites, which was classic and delicious.  My buddy had the lamb main, which looked wonderful and she said was great.. . I would certainly return.  The atmosphere was Vegas-dressy, meaning you'll see the t-shirt/jeans crowd along with those dressed up.  I would feel most comfortable somewhere around business casual land.
One of the absolute best meals I've ever had. ever.
I would love to give Bouchon a 4.5, but instead I round up a little to a 5.  French is my fave, so I was really excited to try Bouchon.  We came in a group of 4, with reservations made about 1 hour prior to our arrival on  Saturday night at 8 PM.  We were starving when we arrived and nommed our way through the delicious bread extraordinarily quickly.  The only thing that would have improved the bread would be warm bread.  . . Two people in our group ordered the french onion soup, and they raved about it.  We ordered a side of marrow and I really enjoyed the way it was seasoned.  We had to ask for extra crostini, which is a pet peeve of mine when serving food that requires a cracker/crostini/etc to eat.  But it was tasty and they brought out the extra crostini without delay.  I shared the goat cheese salad with my husband.  It was exactly what we expected it be, and very tasty.  . . For our mains, three of us ordered steak frites, and the oddball in our group ordered the veal.  We were already full on bread, salad, soup and marrow so it was hard getting through the main course.  Sadly, no one finished their dishes, despite wanting to desperately.  I really wanted to try dessert but there was just no way it was going to happen.  Maybe next time.  The total bill which included two cappuccinos, 2 glasses of wine, one beer, and one iced tea came to $325 - not bad at all!   . . Overall, the meal was enjoyable and extremely tasty, the atmosphere was fabulous, the service was impeccable.  The menu is not very exciting, but who needs exciting all the time?  How awesome would it be if every time you went to eat somewhere it was everything you hoped it would be?. . I cannot wait to come back, eat a little less bread and try dessert. I recommend Bouchon to anyone who loves classic french, or just classically delicious food.
Oh Bouchon Las Vegas. I'd love to able to say that I've had to pleasure of enjoying the food from the Yountville establishment, but my travels have brought me to Vegas before that.  Greg and I selected Bouchon after looking at the menu (extensively) and the wine list (more extensively) and thought that this would be one of the shining moments in our trip, assuming we didn't win millions of dollars in the casino.  As it turns out, I'd say this was a pretty awesome experience and not anything that felt like were in Vegas at a hotel on the Strip.  After being seated we were given bread on the table, and told that the bread was meant to be eaten with the room temperature butter (hard table butter = loss of a star) and some Dijon mustard.  Absolutely delicious, and continued to eat through two servings of the bread.  Our waiter, who I am TERRIBLY sorry to have forgotten his name, was warm, pleasant, not cheesy and very informative.  He helped Greg select a bottle of wine for us and also helped select a sampling of the fromage from the menu.  Ultimately, we selected the Bleu d'Auvergne, Pont l'Eveque, and the Fiscalini Bandaged Cheddar.  The cheeses were accompanied with some fuji apple slices and honeycomb, along with cranberry walnut toasts.  We agreed that the top two cheeses from the selection were the Bleu and Cheddar cheeses.  The third cheese was a little too stinky for our liking, even with the honey and apples.  For our appetizer, we selected the Moelle Rotie, or the bone marrow dish.  . . And here is where I completely break down.  This dish falls into the category of dishes I would have no shame in licking the plate.  The bone marrow, served with two bones and toasts to accompany, was soft, delicate, and melted onto the toasts.  The part that blew my mind = the reduction sauce that comes with it.  I mean, this sauce is COMPLETELY out of this world.  The consistency was just a touch lighter than French Onion soup but came with all the wonderful flavors including juices from the bones.  I mean, this dish in itself is worth coming here for.  We asked for more bread so that we could dip it into the sauce, secretly debating whether or not we should go as far as licking the plate.  I was sad when they took the empty plate away.. . Our waiter was gracious enough to warn us that the Steak Frites came with a mountain of fries, and since we were both ordering it, that one of us have a side of steamed garlic spinach instead.  Completely insightful and helpful when I saw the Mt. Everest of fries piled onto the plate.  The steak came with an herb butter and was a generous sized portion.  Greg and I literally ate until it became unbelievably uncomfortable, which meant that we had only gotten through about 80% of the steak and 60% of the fries.  I was saddened by the fact that I had overindulged in the things leading up to this, but had no regrets in doing so. Ultimately, the poor little side of delicious garlic spinach sat half done and I really made an effort to finish my plate but had to wave the white flag before it was gone.  Naturally, we passed on dessert although I had a cappuccino to try and start the digestion process and enjoyed being in each other's company for the rest of the time.  . . This was a great experience, and we really enjoyed everything about Bouchon.  Previously we had been to Bradley Ogden in Caesar's and was sort of so-so on the whole dining experience.  I'm glad we selected Bouchon, it completely exceeded our expectations and created a new standard for fine dining in our opinion.
This past weekend was my second visit here to Thomas Keller's Vegas Bouchon Restaurant.  I had brunch here with my boyfriend right before our flight out to the Bay Area.  We were seated outside facing the pool on a gorgeous sunny day.  The ambiance was relaxing and classy.  The food was delicious.  I ordered the roasted chicken and waffles.  YUMMY!  The chicken was the most tender I've ever had.  The waffles were savory.  My boyfriend had the corn beef hash.  The servings are generous.  This IS the place to go for brunch.  I've had dinner at the Bouchon in Napa, California.  The quality is consistent among his restaurants, which is great!
The atmosphere is sensational!  You can't beat sitting on the patio overlooking the pool for brunch.  The smoked salmon and french toast is very good.
This place is great. I wrote a blog post on my experience here. If you're truly interested, you can go read it.... . but in a nutshell, this place is a must for breakfast, lunch or dinner! We gluttons hit up this place for dinner and breakfast! LOL!. . http://mintyfoodfanpage.wordpress.com/2012/07/01/poppin-the-bouchon-cork-on-a-popular-bistro/. . HIGHLY recommend: . . Breakfast: . * Moules-frites (for breffas???? yessssss doooo it! you won't regret it!).. * Beignets...or as my friend and i call them, Beign-YAYS!!!!. . Dinner:. * Bone marrow (dude...like, is best! is best.). * Escargot!. * Potato Salad (really? yes really....). . Would I come back? Oh my my, oh hell yes... ;)
From start to finish this meal was one of my favorite things about Las Vegas. The food is exquisite, the ambiance is high class, the service is top notch, and the whole Thomas Keller vibe is something you will not get anywhere else. Vegas is all about indulgences and and Bouchon is the best of them all. A perfect meal at a perfect restaurant.
We had dinner here and it was amazing.  My husband had the chicken dish with corn and natural jus and it was spectacular.  A 20 hour brining and roasting process made the skin really crispy and flavorful - he's particular and couldn't stop talking about this.  My dayboat scallop special with the mushrooms and swiss chard and a special vinaigrette were also exceptional.  The french onion soup was a little disappointing but only because it was made with white wine and we prefer the flavor of dry sherry.  The prices are not cheap but this is owned by a world class chef with preparation to match.  These are not dishes you can make at home, Chef Keller deserves his reputation!  We will be back on our next trip to Vegas
Between Bouchon and Bouchon Bakery, I managed to have Bouchon at least 5 times in 1 week.. . Buy the cookbook.. . So many good things on the menu.  Bone marrow is a nice healthy, fatty portion.  I love the garlicky spinach.  And there was peanut butter ice cream.  YUM.. . Lunch menu is also good.  And very generous portions.  I'd rather get Bouchon lunch to go at Venetian than get stuck with crappy Wolfgang Puck at the pool.. . Macaroons are wonderful.  As are the bouchon bites (chocolate brownie things).
Chicken and waffles....enough said....not fried and instead rotisserie, which I prefer. The chicken is very flavorful and cooked perfectly falling off the bone. The waffles are also made perfectly with a little bit of crispiness and softness. The combinations is ridiculous...simply put...DELICIOUS!
INSANELY delicious...trout...what?? Cannot even describe how good this was...Octopus salad...fabulous. Service fantastic. Thank you Michael...we are only upset because we didn't have time for brunch the next morning. Oh oh we must return!!!
I used Opentable app to make reservations for dinner. This was my first dinner at the Bouchon Las Vegas Restaurant and it was absolutely wonderful. . . The restaurant is hidden on the second floor of the Venetian. You have to walk to the check-in area, take the elevator to the second floor. Then take a left when exiting the elevator. Apparently, there is a sign, but it isn't very noticeable. . . The order was:. * Oysters on half shell $18 and Clams $1.95 each. There were multiple oyster choices to choose from, but at the end, we choose kumamotos. The oysters were small, sweet, fresh, but I really didn't like their condiment choices. It was either ketchup or balsamic vinegar. I would have preferred some mignonette dressing and/or tabasco sauce and/or raw horseradish. Clams were also sweet and fresh. No complaints there.. * Steak Frites $36.75 (4 of 5) - pan-seared prime flatiron, caramelized shallots & maitre d hotel butter, served with French fries. Traditional steak and fries done perfectly.. * Gnocchi a la Parisienne $26.75 (5 of 5) - sauteed gnocchi, with a fricassee of garden vegetables & brown butter sauce. Amazing!!! The gnocchi tasted like clouds. It was light when you bit into it but heavy tasting in the belly because of the butter sauce. The complimenting vegetables were tasty and balanced with the gnocchi perfectly.. * Sole Mariniere $36.75 (4 of 5) - sauteed fillet of sole, caramelized baby artichokes,.  Manila clams, oyster mushrooms, & coco beans.  The sole was delicious pan fried. It had a crispy outer layer and a soft inner layer. The sole was fresh and very tasty. . * Moules au Tolouse $28.75 (4 of 5) - Maine bouchot mussels steamed with white wine, Tolouse sausage & tomato oil. The mussels were fresh. The mussels were steamed in a strong white sauce. I absolutely adored the pot it was served-in. There was a metal mesh on one corner of the pot and you could dip your bread into that corner, without brushing the mussels to the side. It was a minor detail, but it was obviously very useful. Rather than having to take all the mussels out or finishing the mussels to get to the white sauce, Bouchon created a nook to dip the bread. And, it doesn't hurt, their complimentary bread, is none other than, their popular Epi Baguette. Yeah for free yummy bread.. . I actually like Bouchon Las Vegas more than Bouchon Yountville. I like their restaurant spacing & menu selections in Las Vegas. If you are in the neighborhood of Las Vegas strip, I strongly recommend brunch or dinner at Bouchon.
This was among the most wonderful meals I have ever had.  I had the poulet roti ,and my wife had the (huge) pork chop special, which I also tasted.  Excellent service, top quality food and a full bar from which to order drinks.  It doesn't get much better than this, and I've been to some of the finer restaurants in Paris!
Amazing food, ate here three times in my las vegas stay, it was that good.
Ate here twice during my stay - dinner and the famous weekend brunch. Both times, very delicious. I will definitely remember the meals as some of the most fresh/ flavorful dishes I've had.. . Service the first time was unremarkable, but the second time was outstanding. I feel like his name is Doug, but I am unsure. . . The pastries are a delight, the chicken and gnocchi were delicious too.. . Be sure to check the book in your rooms if you're staying in the Venetian/ Palazzo - there is a coupon that if you eat anytime as a hotel guest, you receive 15% off. The one in the coupon book the mean people at the Venetian give you is only good from Monday - Friday 7 am - 1 pm.
My husband and I went here for breakfast during the first day of our honeymoon. We were considering visiting Napa and I really wanted to go to one of Keller'srestaurants , so eating here was high on the list for dining in Vegas for me.. . I ordered the sourdough waffles and a side of bacon, my husband the breakfast american with a strawberry croissant, one of the daily specials, as his pastry. We both got coffee and his meal came with juice.. . The coffee was good but didn't stick out in anyway other than tasting relatively freshly brewed. No burnt coffee, yay! The waffles, served with syrup, vanilla bean butter, and strawberries, were fantastic. It was especially glorious to have all three together on a bite of waffle, the flavors melding together. The effect was a light sort of sweetness that wasn't too heavy or overwhelming. Possibly one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. The bacon was...bacon. And there was a lot of it. It was actually bordering on too much bacon.. . I got a bite of the husbands croissant, which was also incredibly delicious. It had a think layer of strawberry jam and was topped with a crumb topping and served warm. The fresh, tart flavor of the jam kept the pastry from being overwhelming rich. It was really tasty and I wish we had brought some home. Husbands eggs were over easy, cooked perfectly, and he said the flavors in his sausage were very good too.. . Would have gone back a few more times were it not so damned far from our hotel.
I've been trying to get to this place for awhile now and it is definitely worth it.  What's even better is that there is something for everyone.  Prices range from $12-30.. . HIbiscus cocktail (4.5/5) This was nice and not too sweet. The candied flower was pretty tastey.. Orange juice (5/5) Fresh squeezed, sweet and crisp. Steak Hash (4/5) This was good, but not as good as the next two. Corned Beef Hash (5/5) Finely diced and on the dainty side but the flavor is all there!. Croque Madam (5/5) Super good, it's obvious why this is the staple.  Abundance of french fries.. Gravlax (4/5) DIY plate and although it was good, you can get this elsewhere.. . Will definitely be back!
I stopped by on Labor Day to try their Famous Fried Chicken!. . I had wanted to try for many years but never had the chance since they only serve it on special occasions.. . So when I heard that Bouchon was serving their famous chicken, I quickly reserved a table.. . I arrived at 6 and was seated in a great table by the window......the restaurant is decored as a French Bistro should be.......drak woods all around with alot of detailing.. . When I sat down, I said, no menu needed, bring out the fried chicken meal.  For 36.00, I was served with 3 large pieces of chicken, macaroni and cheese, buttermilk biscuit and collared greens.. . The greens, biscuit  and mac and cheese were ok......nothing special....but the fried chicken was awesome....very flavorful and super juicy and tender.. . I probably would not go to Las  Vegas just to eat the chicken, but if it was being served, and I am already here.....I am back!
Thomas Keller, I really wish you were there!.  . I love Thomas Keller cookbooks, but never had the chance to visit his restaurants.  Bouchon is the first, and the food and service are overwhelmed in a good way.  I had a great time in this restaurant with my friends.  . . My friend and I share the appetizer special and entree special.  Yummmmm, super delicious.  The smoke salmon is amazing.  Prime rib just cooked so well.  They really can make food delicious.  Also, my friends love the butter.  We can have non-stop bread with butter all day long.  Bouchon is Bouchon, make every little detail so perfect.. . Just can't wait to go to other Thomas Keller's restaurants.
Probably one of the yummiest dinners that I ever had. Service was a little neglectful at times, despite the open tables. I give it an excellent rating because the food and atmosphere was great!
This place exceeded my expectations.  Came here in a party of 8 and was seated for brunch in about 30 minutes.  Our table was near a bright window.. . The prices aren't cheap, but the portions really are more than adequate.  The complimentary bread was good, but a bit hard.  It came with nice raspberry jam and butter.  My orange juice tasted super fresh.. . Everyone seemed to enjoy their food -- the country breakfast is $25 but comes with eggs, biscuit, meat, gravy, and buttery grits.  Yum!  I got the salmon baguette plate, which was very fresh.  The others at the table seemed to enjoy the chicken and waffles, corned beef hash, etc.  I'd say the only dish that was not super mindblowing was the french toast that someone let me try... plus it pretty much just stands alone like a dessert (though it looks/tastes like one).. . We also ordered beignets, which were more like doughnuts.  They come three to an order but are fairly large.  The insides were warm and soft and came with nutella and raspberry jam.. . Staff was very nice, though a bit slow at some points (like bringing the check).  But the point is to enjoy your food and company, right?  The five-star rating is mostly for the overall experience, I've had slightly better selection and similar food at other breakfast places, but the overall experience was a 5.
This place is the real deal with a beautiful dining room, a professional wait staff, and the food and wine is outstanding. My wife loves duck and it was perfectly prepared. I had the sea ass and the waiter helped me pair a glass of wine. We laso had dessert and the waiter had the staff pick a perfect dessert wine to go with our dessert. Just perfect. You will love it.
Oh my yum. . . I'm from California. Being from California I am, of course, very familiar with French Laundry and the bar that it has set. I could never (in the foreseeable future) be comfortable spending $270 per person for a tasting menu, so French Laundry is not in the cards. Still, I thought trying a Thomas Keller restaurant could be great and assumed that Bouchon would also be out of my price range. After looking at the menu, I was pleasantly surprised! Bouchon is probably one of the more AFFORDABLE restaurants on the Strip in terms of fine dining. The food and the service were not lacking, either. This place knows how to do it right.. . The ambiance was perfect; exactly what we were hoping for. It's fairly big, but each table still seems intimate enough. The dark wood gives it a great old school feel very reminiscent of wine country. The bar is a fantastic place to wait for your table: craft cocktails are shaken up and served by friendly bartenders.. . After being seated, my fiance and I started with the beignets (cod) and a seared octopus special. The beignets were a touch salty for me, but both dishes were great. I opted for the trout (yum!) for me entree and he went with the chicken. Both so simple, but done so well! After eating our way through two courses, we couldn't pass up dessert. We had seen an order of the profiteroles come out and we knew we couldn't pass them up so we split a deliciously decadent order (one order for two people is sufficient). While the food was being coursed out ever-so-perfectly, our waitress was super attentive without hounding us. We've eaten at a fair share of nice restaurants, but we both left commenting on how great the service was. Absolutely stellar.. .  When all was said and done, we both left with great tastes in our mouth (figuratively and literally). I would recommend Bouchon to anyone looking for a great dining experience in Vegas. In a city that has no shortage of fine dining options, it's hard to make the final decision on dinner reservations (I went through a few options before settling on this and STRIPSTEAK), but this needs to be on the top of the list. The bill wasn't cheap, of course, but it didn't feel overpriced; it seemed well-priced for the environment, the service, and the quality of food.
Thomas Keller never disappoints! . . The fries are great... the mussels are even better!
SO...... I watch all these cooking shows on TV, I know the name of all the hot-shot chefs, but I've never, until now, been to one of their restaurants.. It's safe to say that after the experience we had at Bouchon, I am inspired to visit more high-end restaurants like these once in awhile.. . Bouchon was a big treat for us, we don't normally splurge quite that big for dinner, but we were out celebrating our birthdays, we were going to see the Blue Man Group and so I ended up making reservation at Thomas Keller's Bouchon.. Being that we never splurge like this, we had decided that price wouldn't be a concern, we knew it would be pricey but to order whatever dish we wanted, it was a special treat after all.. . After running in circles around the Venetian we finally found Bouchon!  We were greeted very nicely and promptly seated at a table where we immediately were served water and introduced to our waiter who explained every dish so that our mouths were watering before even having seen the menu!. . We ended up ordering a gnocchi with chicken and some kind of cream sauce, along with a carrot soup (well it had a fancier name than that....it was kind of like a vichyssoise.) and I, of course, HAD to get the french onion soup.  Why dine at a top notch french restaurant without finding out what a top notch french onion soup would taste like?. . For dinner I ordered the Bouchon steak it had, for a lack of a better common term, something reminiscing of potatoes au gratin, but the potatoes were shaved and stacked into a square with sauce between .... (I'm not fancy chef, so I can't remember the term for everything lol....).  My husband had the flank steak with french fries.. . Now, before we even got to the food, they served us fresh baked bread, it was delightful!! Soft in the middle, crispy crust.... just like it should be! Butter came with it AND warmed pistachios!  I'd take a warm pistachio, eat it and then eat some bread and the flavor from the pistachio carried over to the bread, it was divine. Can't stop dreaming about it ;-) lol.. . The rest of the food was also magnificent.  Have you had french fries that melt in your mouth??? Never! (Well, now I have.... thanks Bouchon!) Steaks, of course cooked to perfection.  . For dessert, they happened to have my very favorite one on special for the day, Creme Brulee!   It was perfect.  Sugary top that cracked when we poked our spoon through it, cream velvety vanilly goodness overflowing..... . . . The service was of course impeccable. Every time I took a drink of water, the glass was topped off again.  After awhile I almost felt bad drinking any more, because the poor guy kept running back with the water jug after each sip! :). . Pricey? Yes. But we went for the experience of tasting a master chef's cuisine and for the atmosphere.  For one night and one night only, we didn't care much about the bottom line.  If you come to a fancy eatery like Bouchon, do yourself a favor and forget about the price.  Order what you want to taste because THAT is what you will remember for the rest of your life.   . . I would definitely come back, I do recommend that if you are out to try an upper class type of restaurant with good food, Bouchon is a good one for sure :). . So put your blinders on for one night, make your reservation at Bouchon and treat yourself to a mouthful or two of Thomas Keller's excellent cuisine.  You will enjoy it.
Best meal of my life. Period.  The carrot soup was divine and there are no words to describe the gnocchi.   They were so good I wanted to throw them on the floor and roll around in them like a happy puppy.  . . Yes, they were that good.. . The service was wonderful, and it was worth every expensive cent. Well worth the investment and it's a good thing I don't live in town or I would be broke and fat.
I didn't like the location since it was not easy to find.  Regardless, the service is great: felt like that I was being well  taken care or while not so over bearing.   Their attention to details and a hint of unique culinary color in menu items made it a 'fine dining experience' although customers are bit casually dressed.
Made a re-debut at this place with my Jamie M. in late August to show her just how good Bouchon takes care of you. We made an appointment and this time had a coupon for 25% off which was amazing.. My advice is to make a reservation, not because of a wait time, but because, its a great feeling to sit in the corner tables, and not in the middle, simply because its just more comfortable. They, of course, start bringing you the bread I mentioned in my last review. One nuance I noticed was the bread man was very serious about his table-setting, table-clearing and general discourse in the provision of services. He'd bring bread and have this focused look on his face. I'm always watching people working in restaurants to figure out what their work environment is like. He seemed tense and even perturbed when the main waiter brought us bread but didn't put it on the correct side of our place mats. He gave him a condescending glance after he cleared crumbs from the table with a little metal scooper object. Haha! Co-worker drama at a high end restaurant! But only because he wanted things to be perfect, and I respect the level of artistry put into anything in this life.. We had oysters and after I had a fish plate and she had something I can't remember. The surroundings, the service and beating the rush made this another unforgettable experience. Thanks to the coupon, it felt like our tip was comped, so you can probably see how much it might have costed with a 25% coupon. So worth it.
I make it to Bouchon every time I am in Vegas at least once (but often more!)  It is always amazing!  We had a reception dinner here after getting married at the beginning of the month and were marveling to friends last night about how well orchestrated it was and perfect in terms of food, service and ambiance.  . The atmosphere there is relaxed yet attentive and the food is elegant yet simple.  I cannot get enough of the french onion soup or the salmon rillette.  We have stayed at the Venitian the last few times we were in Vegas, and I would be lying if I said that Bouchon was not a factor when chosing a hotel!
Among all the many shops and restaurants at the Venetian there is a special place on the 10th floor. My wife and I had discovered this place a few years back and we looked forward to re-discovering the ambiance and the food.. . To our pleasant surprise - it was better than remembered! . . Our favorite entree' was the special french toast - you have to have this with the apples! Ok - it ay be dessert for brunch but its wonderful!. . My wife had the quiche and salad and it was super.. . Great service, nice decor and a pleasant meal. When in town find this place!
Atmosphere is relaxed but upscale. Great place for a date. Calm & chill, fantastic service, the most delicious veal & steak.  One of the best meals of our lives.
I had a delicious meal at Bouchon. Boudin Blanc. The service was very friendly.
My wife and I know breafast fare, and we think Bouchon is the best anywhere, bar none.  Yesterday morning was our second visit to Bouchon - the first was a couple years ago.  The setting feels elegant and calm, in stark contrast to manic hustle of the Las Vegas Strip.  My wife ordered the Quiche du Jour, which yesterday was a quiche florentine (spinach and cheese), served with a simple salad of lightly dressed greens.  I had the Croque Madame (toasted ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg & mornay sauce) which was served with more french fries than I deserved.  Seriously, Chef, you can pull back on the volume of fries.  But everything, from the complimentary bread served with butter and incredible jam, to the perfect quiche to the wonderful croque, was FANTASTIC.  Highly recommend.  Only criticism was they were a bit snooty when my wife and I tried to swing by for lunch the day before - seems strange that they say they are open for lunch but close at 1 pm.  Regardless, we can't wait to come back.
I had read some great Yelp reviews about this place and anything Keller has got to be good. So I figured when in Rome..... . Or is it when at the Venetian do as the French do?  Very confusing. So as I swaggered out of the hotel in the morning to my trade show at the convention center I made a 6:30 dinner reservation for later that night. Oh man it smelled good, I almost stayed for breakfast.. . After a long day at the convention center, it came time for dinner and man I couldn't wait to dive into Bouchon and do a French belly flop!  . . I was immediately seated and my first (of many) waiters came to get me started off. I'm not much of a wino so I asked about the beer selection they had to offer and settled on a dark pumpkin spice number.. . The 2nd was  bringing some bread shells and pistachio's  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?select=w-8xsdNVt1DXAJhXaGNLsw#gQ8-2YOTknwRmAxwp1fVEw   as the 3rd waiter was showing me the menu. A newsprint deal that wrapped around the cutlery and napkin.  Crap! I told the waiter I don't have my glasses and can hardly see. The restaurant was dim and oozed romance too bad I was alone and blind. But waiter #3 to the rescue! He had a mini LED flashlight and I was able to read the menu and find some choices for my dinner!. . STARTERS: . French onion soup ... What else? I love FR Onion soup and Bouchon's soup is no slouch. It kicked ass! One of the best I've ever eaten. 4.5*****Stars http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=yXvxjUxdZxTXkv4b1pp6HA&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. I finished every drop!. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=_ncmx4f7Cpjk-12I0buXgQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. . SALAD: ... Salade Maraichere au Chevre Chaud. I can't even pronounce half of that, but it was a great fru fru salad with a tasty hunk of goat cheese and a delish red wine dressing, I ate every leaf of that bad boy. 4.****Stars. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=iK0praadEO0s1HXWN_P5iA&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. . ENTREE: ... I ordered the Steak Frites. OMG that steak was heavenly! Melt in my mouth tender, juicy and  topped with caramelized shallots & maitre d'hotel butter (light garlic butter and caramelized onion medley). One of the best steaks I've ever eaten. The mountain of shoe string fries never got limp or soggy and were a perfect match for my steak. 5****Stars. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=lilGGLerloMXwscZ4D2TCg&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. . DESERT: ... I managed to strike up a conversation with the guy to my left, who it turns out was the Keller resturants IT guy who was visiting for work, he suggested the Poire Belle Helene for my dessert. OK I'm game I said. The poached pear and hazelnut ice cream with a chocolate sauce was spot on. Too bad my camera died, but my tongue was working overtime on this insider tip. 5*****Stars. . The restaurant is impeccable and the service here is top notch!  I had a great experience here and can't wait to come back again.
Oh.My.God.  This place is pretty sneaky, as it's not located on the regular Grand Canal level of the Venetian like the other restaurants.  You have to take the guest elevators up to the 10th floor (just tell the guard you are going to Bouchon) and you exit down the hallway (it feels really strange since you walk past guest rooms) down the corridor, and at the end it opens to a magical world of amazing, mouth-watering cuisine.. . I had only heard of this place because a friend recommended it to me -- it didn't even pop up in my Yelp search.  Also, you wouldn't really know about it if you were just perusing the hotel since it's so hidden.. . We went for breakfast and I wasn't sure what to expect -- there wasn't anything super special about the decor inside.  We ordered an chocolate almond croissant, the french toast, and the breakfast with eggs, bacon, toast, etc.  Can I just way... BEST eggs, toast, and bacon I've ever had!  Big portion.  It came with these hash brown-type potatoes (sorry, don't know what they are called in French because I'm uncultured) but they were SPLENDID!  The french toast is more like a dessert (NOT complaining about that).  It comes in a cylindrical shape and has layers of butter/saucy soaked apples and the perfect amount of syrup.  Seriously, you've never tasted french toast like this before.. . I will, without a doubt, return to Bouchon the next time I'm in Vegas.  Service was excellent.  I can't wait to try their dinner menu.  Culinary circus in my mouth...
Stay at the Venetian a number of times, and this was my 3rd or 4th time at Bouchon. This time, I dined with the Canadian King of Scotch and The King of Calculations from Cal.  . . Appetizer - Foie Gras (now outlawed in California) with short rib was extraordinary. As the Canadian King of Scotch said, it is an inspired combination, savory, sweet and incredibly rich! - 5 stars. . Wine - The King of Scotch selected a nice white wine from France, refreshing with a nice earthy mineral finish - the sommelier complemented the selection, and thanked us for ordering a grand but overlooked wine. - 4 Stars. . Entree - Scallops with citrus foam.  Plum scallops seasoned to perfection and cooked just right.  The citrus foam combination imparted an almost Maine Lobster flavor. - outstanding 5 Stars.. . Service - attentive, consultative, sold us just the right amount and directed us to truly incredible selections that made this an exceptional and memorable experience.. . The Canadian King talked about the unique and difficult cooking techniques, and the waiter complimented him on his knowledge.  I asked the waiter if we could have a tour of the kitchen.  We were invited back the following afternoon, when they were not in full swing.  The kitchens were incredible.  Large, orderly, and ran impeccably, in a quiet but efficient alacrity.  We were impressed with the gleaming, modern equipment.  Despite this, our host mentioned that they plan to significantly renovate the kitchens to keep up-to-date.. . Bouchon runs a largish crew, but they can handle a full dinning room andsupport large private parties at the same time.  We saw the TV screens that Thomas Keller uses to monitor the culinary operations.. . We kept the manager's business card.  We're hoping it will help us get into French Laundry (but that's another story for another time, I hope)
I've eaten at both Napa and more recently Vegas Bouchon and have absolutely no complaints, this was an OUTSTANDING meal. . . Food was great, service was timely, no waiting.. . What we ate:. . Endive salad with Roquefort cheese, watercress, walnuts, lardon.  Divine!. . Entrees:. . Pork loin special with potatoes, apples and carrots delicious.  Perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful. . . Sturgeon confit on large couscous.  Beautiful fish ... excellent texture.  . . My entree was the chicken.  Let me just say this - I think it is a complete and utter waste to order chicken in a place like this.  But the brussels sprouts and parsnips were too appealing to pass up so I went for it.  I cannot believe how delicious this was.  Every aspect of the dish.  I would order this again, and I don't even particularly like chicken.. . I would recommend Bouchon without reservation (but yes, make a reservation!)
Just as good as Yountville. If you can't make it to Napa then eat here. On a nice day have breakfast outside, it's beautiful.
Was there for brunch this past weekend.  What a great place!. . Joined the fray without reservation around 11am on a Sunday.  Peak Bouchon!  Table wait was 30-mins and so we snagged a small table adjacent the bar.  Enjoyed a couple of very, very wonderful spicy Bloodie's and a nice glass of Champagne (approx $42 iirc).. . Escorted to table where we met our server who was a simply wonderful woman (if TK's looking - African American 20-something) who really knew her way around the large menu and gave us great pointers.  Great sense of pace and read our table well.  To me the service is as important as the food and she was the best.... . The Petit Plateau (cold seafood platter - $65) was great - wonderful oysters especially, plus great lobster in addition to mussels and clams.  Nice shared dish for the four of us.. . Thereafter we all went our own ways - Croque Madame, Gravlax, Omelette and Quiche du Jour.  Couple of side dishes.  . . In brief - a great unrushed brunch.  All in, including the drinks (couple of glasses wine also made it to the table) was about $60pp.  We were seated at a booth right at the back just off the bar.  Although a "main room" table would have been great this table offered its own charm and the bar ambiance added to the Bistro feel.. . A worthy alternative to Mon Ami Gabi, though I still love that place...similar price points, maybe 15% higher at Keller's joint.  Both wonderful.
Boom! I said it. 5 stars. While dining in Las Vegas you have a plethora of options to choose from. I really wanted to try something I couldn't try back in Chicago.  Bouchon was the right choice. My wife and I just ordered a bunch of things and kind of created our own tasting menu to really get a feel for the experience.  We were not disappointed. This place is as good as it gets. It's not a steak house. It's French cuisine and they do it really well. I will return. I will dream about returning. It was the most expensive meal I had while I was in Vegas, but the one I felt best about paying for.
what can i say that the others haven't? the place is amazing for brunch. my sugar level may have jumped 10 fold but it was well worth it. the sourdough waffles are amazing if you like light, fluffy, waffles with a little more than a hint of sour along with strawberries and a tahitian vanilla bean butter that i wouldn't be embarrassed to eat by the spoonful! also don't forget to order a cheese danish and 2 to go.
Steak frites. Seriously to die for. I could live with not having the steak again but the fries were mind blowing. Friendly staff and tasty cocktails.
Like a lot of people, I tried this place based on the reputation of Thomas Keller and the French Laundry. I once cooked an appetizer out of the French Laundry cookbook, and once I was done with the tomato confit, chive oil, and tomato powder a simple appetizer took about five hours to make. Those are the details that make Keller's restaurants special; an exacting and intense devotion to technique and quality. . Four or five meals here so far, every one exceptional. Recommend the Mussels and steak frites, with bread to sop up the broth, the Croque Madame, maybe the best open-faced breakfast sandwich in existence, and all the baked goods.. A little pricey, but lunch is reasonable, and during the week usually not busy. If you just want to try the pastries, the Bouchon Bakery downstairs in the Venetian is a great quick stop. The little round sugared doughnuts filled with jam are a particular favorite.
My friend had read a lot about Bouchon, and suggested that we go when we went to Vegas together the first time. . . Definitely a great suggestion in the end! We ended up going on subsequent trips as well. . . Both times we went for breakfast, and the restaurant was rather busy, but the wait wasn't too long in the morning. Even just approaching it, Bouchon feels like a little world of its own. The wait staff was very attentive and professional, and ready to answer any questions, but didn't rush us through our meal. As far as atmosphere, the interior can feel a little crowded, but the lighting and the arrangements make it comfortable still, though it can border on a bit loud.. . We always begin with the champagne drinks, with a preference for mimosas. Everything we've tried has been absolutely wonderful. So far my favourites have been the almond brioche (which is lovely and has the perfect texture) and the waffles, though we also enjoyed every other dish we've tried. I have yet to eat anything there that I dislike. . . The price was as expected, and more than worthwhile for the quality of the food and the experience. This is one of the must-go places in Vegas as far as I'm concerned, at least for breakfast.
Amazing.. I took some clients, expecting to be disappointed, as so many high profile chefs/restaurants often do; what a great surprise.. the food was delicious, the service friendly and attentive.. started with a smoked duck and foi gras glaceau special which was one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten.. the trout entree was cooked perfectly, light and without the usual overkill almondine.. I will definitely return on my next Vegas trip.
Bumping it up to 5 stars after our last dinner.  . . You GOTTA try some of the dishes they got going on like the sturgeon confit!  Oh my god!  It was as if a salmon mated with a whole block of tofu and voila!  That may sound terrible to some but goddamn!  I've had plenty of sturgeon caviar but never the actual fish.  The fish was truly amazing both for texture and flavor.  . . Then there's the veal appetizer.  They slow cook the veal, bread it and THEN pan fry it!  What??  I'll have whatever the chef is smoking please.  Juicy, flavorful and crispy with some great cream sauce.  I would've taken this as an entree.  . . We also got the saffron mussels and pate which were very good but not as good as the top 2.
bomb. get the salmon gravlax.
My review may be a little biased because I've been spoiled every time I visit this place as my best friend used to be a pastry chef there and I know the sommelier. So, I will attempt to review this place without trying to be so skewed.. . Food: I've recently discovered after visiting three French restaurants in Vegas, that I LOVE French food. I love its richness and flavor. The food at Bouchon doesn't disappoint. For hors d'oeuvres, I recommend doing the three cheese tasting. They offer an American and French tasting and both are great. The New York steak is a good entree that is topped with a creamy bordelaise. Lastly, the dessert, for all you sugar addicts, you won't be disappointed! I've tried every dessert offered on the menu and every thing is amazing! My favorite is the Marquise au Chocolat. The creme brulee is not on the menu but offered as well and is wonderful paired with their late harvest Sauvignon Blanc. . . As far as everything else in the restaurant, not bad at all. Some of the tables are bistro style so very small and cramped. The staff are friendly and attentive.
I have only ever been to Bouchon for brunch but I have been there about 7 times (including twice in the last week) and had a fantastic experience every time.  The big bummer is that they don't take reservations, but I can tell you it's worth the wait (especially if you're in need of some great food to sop up that hangover).  The food is fantastic.  The croque madame has basically ruined all other croque madames for me - it is that good.  I've also tried the beignets, waffles, french toast - all delicious.  It's  not a light meal (a side of bacon is literally 10 pieces) but man, is it worth the food hangover afterwards.  The cocktails are also good if you need a little hair of the dog.
A thoroughly memorable dinner in a beautiful and inviting space. I had the Croque Madame and it was amazing. Very fresh with a creamy rich topping. The soft egg on top was perfection as well. . . My dinner companion had the short rib and mashed potatoes and it was also delicious. The portion was huge and beautifully presented.. . We were seated immediately and our waiter, James, was knowledgeable and helpful. He didn't seem to mind that I only had a sandwich for dinner and happily substituted a huge fresh salad for the French fries. It made for a perfect compliment to the rich sandwich. perfect vinaigrette dressing.. . My only regret is missing the lemon tart. This will be the first thing on my list for a return visit.
From the moment we arrived at Bouchon everything was perfect.  We were lucky to have been seated in James section, I would venture to say that James is among the best servers in Vegas. We started with the charcuterie and Foie Gras-both we're mind blowing!  Our mains included the salmon, short rib, and lamb.  It's impossible to capture the expert preparation and presentation of each dish, leave it to say each dish was savored and enjoyed.  Deserts included the Bouchon Brownies, Lemon tart and bread pudding.  If you're in Las Vegas, make dining at Bouchon a priority!  You won't be disappointed!
A friend invited me out for brunch and suggested this place. To my surprise, they have a great and reasonably-priced menu!! I ordered the french toast with a side of sausages. They prepared the toast in a breadpudding style drizzled with syrup. Make sure to order the syrup on the side; I did, because I knew the syrup will make it too sweet for my taste. I loved the sausages, such well prepared,  juicy and perfectly seasoned sausages. They were a great compliment to my delicious french toasts!! The coffee was a bit too strong for me though. I will come back for more sausages and French toasts.
Our last night in Vegas and we wanted to make sure to finish off with a great meal and Bouchon delivered!. . Not only were the meals great but the dessert we had was sooo good as well. Highly recommend this place for anyone looking for something a bit different and a great atmosphere.
Great food, and great prices. Service was average (inattentive and slow). I recommend the salmon rillettes appetizer. I recommend one the daily specials. They rarely disappoint.
The brunch here was everything I hoped it could be. I'm talking fresh beignets with dip sauces, delicate quiche, fantastic french fries. Even the baguettes were just perfect. This will become a standard Vegas brunch destination.
One of My Best Meal so Far!!!!  Love the Ambiance . Great for First Date...!!!
I came back to see whether my first review still stood the test of time. The pomme frites here are still the best in the country.. . Go. Now. I recommend arriving with an empty stomach.
My last meal in Vegas before flying home had to be at Bouchon.  I still have yet to try them for dinner, but that's okay since their brunch is always stellar and was a great way to finish off my Vegas food adventure.. . I didn't go here my last trip back in May, so I was definitely due for another round of their Roast Chicken & Bacon n' Chive Waffles.  . . Another awesome pic of my favorite version of Chicken & Waffles. http://bit.ly/YxtMdB. . I really wouldn't have it any other way.  The Chicken was roasted perfectly.  The Waffles had a nice crunchy texture outside while staying moist with bacon inside.  And the gravy and syrup go so well with the chicken and waffles.  It's just a straight foodgasm with every bite.. . What a way to cap off my time on the Strip with the best roasted chicken ever and bacon and chive waffles that always makes me say, OMGYUM!!!
There is nothing about Bouchon that would warrant anything less than 5 stars. This is as good as it gets.
Bouchon is one of those places that you go to in Vegas so you can show people back at home pictures of to brag about living a fancy lifestyle in Vegas just because you were in Vegas. It is beautiful inside and directly outside of it. They're connected to the outside gardens in the Venetian with beautiful flowers and a pool, along with a really pretty gazebo. Just down the hallway a bit is a lounge near their second "front desk" that has amazing architecture and design that makes you really feel like you're not in America anymore, but is instead in Europe. They may be a bit pricey, but you're still getting great food and amazing service, so definitely worth the price tag if you're up for paying about $20+ for a brunch.. . I've had two items on their menu before and they are both delicious. One is the baguette with smoked salmon and capers. This is my pretty standard choice when I'm not sure what else to get. It is flavorful and the just a good combination always. But if you want something more out of the ordinary, you should definitely look at their Chicken and Waffles. I have never had a waffle that was so meant for chicken! It is not your typical buttermilk waffles. It is the best combination of a savory waffle and chicken where the batter of the waffle has been mixed with bacon and chives! Doesn't that just make your mouth water?!? It was so perfect! So crispy on the outside and perfectly fluffy on the inside. The chicken went deliciously well with the whole combination and they roasted it to a good taste, yet didn't burn any parts of it. The sauce that comes with the chicken was a bit salty so it went well if you were to order some fries to dip into it too. So a definitely recommendation from me are these two items.. . They also serve you some bread that are shaped in the most unique possible way. It looks like a bunch of leaves strung together and you basically break off one of the leaves. It is a bit hard since it seems a bit over crispy, so don't expect too much from that. But other than that, the bread is still good and I think is very artistically appealing for the eyes rather than the teeth that you're going to have to use to crunch through the tough to break shell!. . In short, beautiful location, beautiful presentations, amazingly delicious food and wonderful atmosphere. If you need to brag to people about the high life in Vegas, you need to visit this place at least once.
LOVE LOVE LOVED IT!  Will eat here again!. . We had a great experience.  Service was impeccable!. . We had steak and frites and had the braised short ribs.  Both were wonderful.  Fantastic presentation and taste!  Wonderful wine list.. . Everyone should add this place to their list of restaurants to visit.
Went back for the chicken & waffles.  Good Lordy!  Who can say no to roasted chicken with bacon & chive waffles?  Not anyone at our table.. . "I'll take the chicken & waffles". "Me too". "And me". "Really? Well I'll do it too then". "Make that five, please?". . Two words:  WORTH EVERY SINGLE FREAKING PENNY!
Went with the wife on Valentines Day. It was one of the best meals we've had in a while. . . Started with the country pate and the foie and duck confit gateau. The pate was creamy and had a lot of flavor. Spread it on the brioche toast points they give you with some of the Dijon, radish, watercress, and cornichons, Delicious. The gateau was really good. It was layered with duck confit on the bottom, foie mousse in the middle, topped with a blood orange gelee. Also had a blood orange gastrique on the plate, it was really, really good. It was on the Valentines Day menu. The wife's favorite dish of the night.. . Second course was a potato leek soup and an endive salad. The soup was creamy and delicious. The endive salad had an awesome walnut vinaigrette that went very well with the endive and the bleu cheese. . . Entrees were phenomenol.  The wife had the steamed mussels with chorizo and fennel with a side of frites. The mussels were very fresh and the broth was very flavorful. I had the short rib Bourgogne with hand made pasta and glazed root vegetables.  It was the best short rib I have ever had. The flavor was deep, the veges were cooked perfectly and the pasta was fresh. The best thing about the whole dish was the sauce, so rich and flavorful. . . The dessert was a Valrhona chocolate cake and raspberry gateau, with raspberry coulis , milk chocolate sorbet, and yogurt pearls. Great way to end the night, not too heavy, very good flavor. The sorbet was awesome.
If I could wake up to there french toast and coffee every morning I would be a much more pleasant person. The french toast is like a bread pudding with apples and pears and it is amazingly decadent and rich. Their coffee is a wonderful and potent french blend which gave me a nice wake up call. We also had beignets which come with nutella and homemade blackberry jam. I suggest you mix the jam with the nutella place on the beignets and enjoy.  The bill was horrible considering it where it was and how the chef is. My only complaint is that the hostess seated us away from the windows in a really crowded corner when their were plenty of tables open by the windows. Make sure you ask for a table by the window if available.
Baked chicken and waffles....TO DIE FOR!  I love the subtle sweetness in the waffles and the chicken was absolutely delicious!  I can't believe I haven't tried this place before when I was in vegas.  The hibiscus champagne is a must try.  The flower was sweet and tasted just like a fruit roll up.
I can only speak to their brunch, but that's because I just keep going back and eating it.  It's the best one in the city, and if you can wake up before 2PM on a Vegas weekend (no easy task), you should stumble into this wonderful restaurant.. . Try the croque madame, it's the finest I've had in this country.  The oeuf & boudin blanc, which is essentially a white sausage, is fantastic.  Lastly, you can't go wrong with the steak frittes to help you refuel for another day in Vegas.. . Tip: Get a sampling of their pastries to get the meal started properly.  Phenomenal.
Can I say enough good things about Bouchon?  The answer is no.. . I LOVE Bouchon.  I've been here for both brunch and dinner and given the financial means, I'll continue to go back.. . Brunch was absolutely delightful.  I love the natural sunlight that bathes the restaurant and view looking out towards the Venezia pools.  They have really good coffee, which is a staple in a brunch place.  We ordered beignets with nutella and homemade blackberry jam.  I ordered the Gravlax, a fresh and light DIY plate.  While you can get this dish at a lot of other brunch places, it was really refreshing and I wanted something light since I didn't want to hate my life after a heavy brunch.  . Side note: I would highly recommend NOT ordering drinks for brunch.  My mimosa was $12.50, average, and in retrospect not really worth it.  Stick with the food people.. Side side note: I couldn't find the infamous chicken & waffles on the menu. Unless I'm blind, it may be a special.  Next time, I'll definitely ask.. . My dinner experience was a few months back with a group of 8.  Our server, bless his heart I can't remember his name, was outstanding and exceptionally professional, helpful, and informative.  He was the epitome of what service in a restaurant owned by a James Beard award winning chef should be.  The foie gras special was possibly the best I've ever had and still makes my mouth water thinking about it.  I had the poulet roti.  My chicken was juicy, moist, flavorful, and just wonderfully delicious.. . Go to Bouchon.  Go for brunch.  Go for date night.  Go for a business dinner.  Go alone.  Just go.
Loved the food. Thought is very good. Very simple but elegant, very flavorful but not over spiced. Thomas, great chef!
I love this place.  Classy and elegant but not as pretentious as one might think.  Go casual for breakfast or lunch, and get away with either a simple skirt and blouse or even a more formal dress/suit for dinner.. . Their coffee is perfectly balanced and goes well with any breakfast food, or dessert.. . The steak is literally "melt in your mouth" fantastic.  . . Bouchons are very rich and satisfying.  . . I will go back whenever the opportunity presents.
I had a fantastic dinner at Bouchon on my most recent trip to Vegas.  I very rarely go to the strip but will make future exceptions just to eat here.  Steak frites, yum, soooo good.  The cocktail menu is impressive.  Their house cocktail (peach vodka martini) is just barely sweet and very refreshing.  Best macaron ever.  Wonderful service.
Amazing foie gras and mussels!
Our go to place for breakfast in Vegas. The service and food is impeccable and at a level you'd expect from a Thomas Keller operation. . . We've never had a bad meal here. The food may be by some standards pedestrian but it's always a solid value.
Hebe S., whoever you are, I love you.  You were awesome.  You made our experience even better than the food did.  . . Chef TK, I don't know how often you visit your Las Vegas Bouchon restaurant, but you truly have a winning staff.. . I did like your food, especially the croque madame and frites. The croissant roll was good, the chicken and waffles were good--the baked, not fried chicken was juicy and well brined, while the waffles tasted fresh and unique because of the chives and bacon--but my favorite experience of the day were your beignets. . . And Hebe.. . Well done.
Thank you, Yelpers for recommending Bouchon. You were right on the mark! Bouchon is an amazing experience and I am so glad we came for breakfast! The restaurant is popular so we had a bit of a wait but we were seated much faster than the time quoted to us.. . Once seated, our server was polite and attentive. We drink a lot of water and she did a fabulous job of keeping our water glasses filled. (Seriously, not an easy task--my husband is a camel!) My husband ordered the sourdough waffles with a side of sausage; I ordered the quiche du jour with a side of bacon. Well you certainly won't go hungry at Bouchon! A "side" of sausage meant 3 FAT (and delicious) sausages! A "side" of bacon was about 8 pieces of crispy, crunchy, perfectly cooked bacon. Yum!. . The sourdough waffles are so wonderfully tart you'd think they made them right in San Francisco. And they come with the most incredible culinary mashup I can imagine: VANILLA BUTTER. O.M.G. it is amazing! I actually thought about asking for a small container to take what we didn't use home with us because the thought of them throwing away such a gorgeous concoction made me want to cry.. . The quiche du jour was a spinach florentine and it was delightful. The eggs were almost a custard consistency: smooth and creamy. The spinach was fresh and fragrant. The crust was buttery and flaky. It was served with a salad of spring greens so I felt healthy and superior to everyone who was ordering the croque madame (which I drooled over enviously).. . I would definitely visit Bouchon again. We only had breakfast. We gotta try lunch and dinner!
By far the best lunch in Vegas.  Fantastic atmosphere and food that matches. Outside tables (on the 10th floor) are the perfect setting for a relaxing meal.  I'll plan on coming here every time I come back to Vegas from now on.  Prices are super reasonable for Vegas also.
After a night of drinking and clubbing, what do two girls do the next day? Fancy brunch, DUH!. . The location is a bit hard to find within the Venetian. It's not in the main floor and kind of hidden from everything else.  I kind of enjoyed the restaurant being separated from all the madness of the shopping center and casino games.. . It's technically supposed to be a French restaurant, but I'm going to say it leans very American. There's a pretty sizeable brunch menu, but everyone's favorite seems to be the chicken and waffles. Well dreams were crushed when I found out they don't serve it on weekdays! NOOOOOOOOOOO! So instead corned beef hash & croquet madame was ordered. . . Corned beef hash - Seriously one of my all-time favorite breakfast foods. Unless you've had experience dealing with the stuff, I never recommend it for the first timer. However, Bouchon's version is very simple and stripped down. It is salty though, so be aware. Still delicious.. . Croque madame - After finding out chicken & waffles weren't available, most yelpers suggested this delicious eggy-ham sandwich. It comes with a MOUNTAIN of French fries. May seem small, but it's hearty. Did I mention the mountain of fries?. . Service was top-notch (they refilled my glass of water like 4 times) and friendly. I love the atmosphere. It really doesn't feel like you are in Vegas at all. They have beignets on the menu! This place is pricey (especially considered you are in a city where you can get steak and eggs for less than $5), but sometimes well-made, high quality food is just worth it.
My friends were able to get the 4 of us a 8:15pm reservation on our first night in Vegas - which happened to be a Thursday. I was super excited to try this restaurant as I've had the Yountville location bookmarked for some time now--and of course, Thomas Keller is one of my favorite celebrity chefs.  I'm still working my way through his cookbook but to this day, several items in there are my go-to recipesand are my most favorite.. . We were lucky enough to get a booth on the back side of the restaurant. I was pleased with this seating arrangement because the tables in the center did not look as cozy and the bench seating provided us a lot more room to spread out and get comfy.  It's probably not so "french bistro" but in the end, It proved to be more private and much more intimate for our group. . . For starters, the Epi (branch leafed bread) they immediately deliver to your table is irresistible and clearly made in house.  It was so fresh. We cleared both loaves before our appetizers were even out. The warmth of the bread, the crunch of the crust and perfect center -  along with the creamy, room temperature butter left me with no self control. It must've been obvious because the bus boy brought another loaf and even gave us an entire bag of bread on our way out along with a little wink. Cute. . . While we all ordered our own dishes, we all kind of tasted each others plate so i'll give you the low down for each item ordered and what I tasted:. . * Bone Marrow Appetizer (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?userid=rCx7tb3toOJUsvdOeqYY0g#IFq8fcrtUt9SsxQm6DbpQg): We ordered this for the table to share (minus my hubby since he doesn't do what he calls,"weird" food).  He missed out because this was so rich and full of flavor, I could've had this as my meal. We licked that plate clean. I could not get enough and craved more!  ORDER IT!  . . * Endive Salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?userid=rCx7tb3toOJUsvdOeqYY0g#sfV5ar3nyCDXMd2dYIRn6w): Since my hubby didn't indulge in the marrow, this was his appetizer. It was very tasty and the presentation was beautifully done with the endive leaves placed strategically on the plate as if a house of cards. The vinaigrette was not at all overpowering.  With the roquefort cheese and the nuts, it was nicely balanced. . . * Smoked Salmon Appetizer (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?userid=rCx7tb3toOJUsvdOeqYY0g#kaFzihNKLmZyvcT5RR92Bg): Good things come in small packages. Presentation was simple - served in a small glass canning jar along with baguette slices.  I actually stole an endive from my hubby's salad and the salmon actually went really well with it. This appetizer was tasty but if I had to choose between this or the Bone Marrow, this wouldn't stand a chance.. . * Trout (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?userid=rCx7tb3toOJUsvdOeqYY0g#2xOHkIxvWabr3zIB1ITElw): Seriously...this dish was off the hook! My friend also ordered this dish and we both agreed it was unbelievable.  We were both full but we kept going until every last morsel of fish was in our belly. The buttery croutons sprinkled on top were an unexpected addition but couldn't have been more perfect. I might have to steal that from him next time I prepare fish at home. Also, loved the presentation with the head on. It made my husband squirm but hello...he married a Filipino!  Get used to it!  . . * Roasted Chicken (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?userid=rCx7tb3toOJUsvdOeqYY0g#CijX0I2eVnH2eXejPOrk4A): Hubby ordered this one. I got a bite and the skin was nice and crispy, the meat was tender and had lots of flavor. He loved it and I enjoyed the bite I got.. . * Short Ribs (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?userid=rCx7tb3toOJUsvdOeqYY0g#dmhLzxDCxt-KbyYgkG1FSg): My girlfriend ordered this and loved it. I was so stuffed, I couldn't take another bite of anything else. She was very pleased with her order. . . * Dessert (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bouchon-las-vegas?userid=rCx7tb3toOJUsvdOeqYY0g#VZNaOGdvtZbpA2dw-8gmjw): Our awesome waiter wouldn't let us leave without dessert and insisted we get one that wasn't on the menu; Mini chocolate cakes with zest from a blood orange. This was served with a generous helping of vanilla ice cream on top, slices of flesh from a blood orange as well as several julienne candied orange zests. If you really like orange flavored desserts, you'll enjoy this.. . The dining experience here was fantastic and I just think Chef Keller is a genius with how he approaches his menu. Everything we had far exceeded my expectations and made me one happy and full girl.  I look forward to coming back and trying their brunch next time...and of course, dinner (again).  . . Great job, Team Keller!
On a bright late Sunday morning, the four of us didn't have to wait too long (@20-30 mins), for this caliber of a restaurant.  We went before our flight back home so we had our luggage.  The hostess took our bags and checked them in a separate room so we could eat comfortably.  . . The servers team worked like a well oiled machine.  We probably had 4 servers tend to us, like they worked as a team to make us happy.  As a former server, I LOVE when that happens.   The servers, informed us well on the specials, asked to prepare the foie gras for us, always had our water glasses filled (very important after a Saturday night/Sunday morning in Vegas), and were attentive without being to nosy (love when this happens as well).. . From the taste and presentation, the food was spectacular.  The bread comes out in the shape of leaves.  Then starting out the foie gras appetizer was decadent, 2.5 oz, would have been enough for us, the mussels were so fresh, and even the olives in the bloody marys had a freshness to them.  . As for the entrees, all of us were very pleased with what we got.   I had gotten their signature dish, the prefectly cooked roasted chicken and chive waffles, accompanied with chicken gravy, maple syrup, and vanilla bean butter.  All of it was amazing, except for the gravy, that was just way too salfty for me, and I love salt.  Nonetheless, the meal was delicious and didn't even need the gravy so it wasall good.. . Definitely a great place for brunch.
Okay I have to update my review. We were a bit unhappy at first because of the wait and the poor service, but the manager soon noticed our situation and made amends. First, they brought us some salmon rillettes, pickled olives compliments of the chef. They were AMAZING. I'm not a big fan of olives, but I couldn't stop munching on them. For our entree, we ordered the lamb and the crispy pork belly. The crispy pork belly was their special, and it was the finest we've ever had. It came with an onion cream sauce, which was incredibly flavorful and just perfect with the pork. Unfortunately we had no space for desserts but I am definitely looking forward to come back again!!. . . Not even done with my meal and already unhappy with my experience here. We made a reservation, but had to wait 15 minutes for them to clean up the table, and anther 20 minutes before we got to order out food. And that's only because my friend waved the waiter over. This is not the type of service you should have at a high end restaurant.
Wow.  If you didn't catch it the first time, Wow.. . We didn't know much about Bouchon when we made our reservation except the Keller name from our trip to Napa. From the moment we told the reception of our reservation we were called by name. The service was probably the best we received our entire stay in Las Vegas.  Our waitress was amazing in her recommendations, attentiveness and grace.  Both on the seafood site (my wife had salmon) and land (I had the lamb) food was delivered perfectly plated and there wasn't a flaw in the preparation. Had the half steamed mussels as an appetizer and white wine sauce it was prepared in was outstanding.  Although Bouchon is pricey by everyday standards, for Las Vegas and the quality of the experience, we thought it was worth every penny.
Nearly perfect meal last night. . First, the atmosphere. Buried at the back of the casino, up the elevator, but then you're into another world of elegence and class. Great start to a great evening.. No reservation, nearly full restaurant but they brought us back within 5 minutes to a great table. Very attentive wait staff but not intrusive. Wine prices reasonable for this caliber. Food prices even more reasonable. Excellent endive salad with great tasty crunchy warm bread. Moules and frites (fries) were superb. And the profiteroles made it a grand slam.. Not sure how I could improve upon it, so had to give it five stars.
Had just one night as we were passing through. Wanted to go fancy but unsure where to go. Decided on Bouchon based on the fact that we love Bouchon Bakery in the Time Warner Center. LOVED this Bouchon-so grown up-so fancy-but not pretentious-wonderful staff. Ordered the Roast Chicken ((minus the bacon) which was a knockout & loved the Chocolate Salted Caramel desert. Will return and will probably order the same thing-still thinking about that roast chicken today.
I love Bouchon, it is the best place in Las Vegas for breakfast hands down. I make it a point to come for the Ouef and boudin blanc at least once each trip and the pastry is not to be missed. The portions are sufficient but not huge and the service is efficiently understated, just what I need early in the morning.
Rico was an amazing server. AND it was his birthday. And with what didn't even feel like a long wait, he got the head chef to comp us several appetizers and a lemon custard birthday tart for one of our friends. Perfection. The food was incredible (bone marrow was like butter and the raspberry sorbet was RIDICULOUS), and the service truly made for a memorable experience.
Every time we go to Vegas we go to this place. I absolutely love it here. Amazing service, and extraordinary food. The atmosphere and view of the pool make you want to just sit at the table and talk all day. . . The brioche French Toast is always amazing ad we got an order of that to split. It is a great consistency, with the soft apples and cinnamon between the stacks. Our waitress was very informed about everything on the menu and suggested a customized version of the *Croque Madame" which was amazing. My other half had the Sandwich de Charcuterie which was among the best sandwiches I have ever had. Idk if it was the combo of the pepperoncinis and the balsamic or what, but the sandwich was incredible. We actually switched entrees because i loved the sandwich and she loved the Croque.  . . Overall great service, atmosphere, and amazing attention to detail on everything including the food. A mist in Las Vegas.
This was absolutely my best meal in Vegas. We came here for brunch on Sunday around 9am.  We were seated immediately and we were able to sit outside in the courtyard with the incredible sun shining down.  The coffee is divine - bold and rich.  Best coffee I had in Vegas.  I had the Oeuf & Boudin blanc while the BF got the Gravlax with croissant.  Great portion for an early morning meal. Food was expertly cooked and beautifully presented. The cherry jam and butter combination are OUT OF THIS WORLD!. . But the real reason it topped my list was the SERVICE.  I'm kicking myself for not remembering our waiter's name.  He is the yard stick by which all service professionals should be measured against!  I had asked if there was somewhere I could buy the amazing cherry jam - knowing that they had a bistro in the Venetian premises. He told me no, I couldn't buy it.  Instead, brought out three 4oz sized to go cups of jam for me.  I'm still eating this amazing jam 1 week later. . . You must stop here for the incredible service, food and atmosphere. Bring your honey and wow them!
I came here for my birthday with a girlfriend of mine and we had a blast. We had saved up for the dinner and it did not disappoint. I ordered the boeuf braise and she ordered the croque madame and both were delicious.. . Honestly, I am so happy I ordered the boeuf even though it was on the more expensive side. The meat basically melted when the fork barely touched it. OMG !!! then the pasta was exceptional and I found myself licking the plate clean. The cocktails were a little pricey, but hey, it's Vegas. . I loved it and would recommend it to anyone! The wait staff was very attentive and very helpful and very professional.
Celebrated our 10th wedding anniversary at Bouchon for brunch April 27th, 2013.  Had a group of 16 including two children and they graciously accommodated us all.  The food was UNBELIEVABLE, between all of us, all of the Brunch items were covered from the Steak Frites to the croque madame to the American Breakfast.  The only thing better than the food was the service which was impeccable.
All girls weekend in V-town!Went here for dinner on Sat night. Service was excellent, as expected for a restaurant at this caliber. We started out with a couple of salads and the escargot. Both were up to par. After a bottle of champagne and 3 bottles of red wine. We were ready for our night! I enjoyed the lamb for dinner, which was cooked to perfection. Two of my gf's had the chicken, which was off the bone and absolutely delicious. The waiter was oh so kind to give us 3 desserts on the house. I guess being gorgeous ladies does have its benefits.
Best service in Las Vegas. I go here every time I am in town.  I am usually dining alone and the servers make you feel like the center of attention. The food is obviously great and the lemon pepper tasting sauce on the steak was beyond amazing.  They also have gorgeous private rooms for private events that I would strongly suggest. . Love it!!
This resturant is tucked away in the Venetian and worth 2 visits in a row.  Breakfast was so divine, we came back twice!  Sticky pecan bun, Croque Madame and french toast were the highlights.  The location on the patio by the fountain, garden and pool transport you from Vegas to an Italian courtyard.... beautiful and serene.  This is a nice small resturant... tasteful and classic, no neon here.  My favorite for breakfast/bruch and sooooo much better than anywhere else.  Will be going to dinner at the Yountville branch soon!
Incredible.. . I had the Croque Madame, a ham sandwich topped with egg and my wife had a quiche and both were amazing. And "amazing" is probably much overused on Yelp, but really: amazing! Every other quiche I've ever had seemed dry once I tried Bouchon's take on it. The french fries are fried in peanut oil and tasted so good I didn't need ketchup (and I'm a ketchup fiend).. . We also had the pastry basket: you choose four pastries from the menu. The pecan sticky bun was my favorite.. . Found this in a list in the Las Vegas Sun as one of the ten must-try brunch spots in the valley; and I expected the heavy emphasis on baked treats would really ring my wife's bell.. . Our server, Rafael, was practically a mind reader as he brought things for us through the meal, and his recommendations were spot on.
EXCELLENT.  Went there for Mother's Day and everyone was very pleased.  All the dished were fresh and delicious.  Service was also great.  The wine selection was good.  Don't know what else to say, it was great.  We ate on the patio and there was one smoker who appeared to be walking to the pool nearby that was bad for ambiance so, recommend eating inside.  Besides it's cooler inside.
Absolute Perfection!. . I have been there many times and the experience is AMAZING! To begin with, the service is impeccable. From the point of making a reservation, to the dining process, all the staff are there to provide a top notch experience. The drinks are stellar and the food is always perfection. I make it a point to dine here during my Vegas trips, and will continue to do so! Excellent Job Bouchon!
If you are celiac and hesitant about eating out, Bouchon is safe and a really smart choice for gluten free dining.  The staff is attentive, caring and well informed.  Management is appreciative and helpful.  Food is delicious.  Drinks are superb.  . . Enjoy!
Food is amazing. We sat outside by the fountain. Great ambiance. . . I had the lamb medallions over rubarb and it was tender and juicy. I enjoyed every minute. The side of mac and cheese was creamy, flavorful, and rich. The real star for me was the special. It was a cold potato leek soup. The texture was smooth and buttery. On top it had crumbled bacon and blue cheese. It sounded interesting and all the components worked together so well. . . My boyfriend had the flat iron steak. It was like butter. It was cooked perfectly and the pomme frites were hot, well seasoned and perfectly cooked. He said his salad was well dressed and tasty. I loved the warm pistachios that are served when you first sit down. . . Our server was nice, but seemed a bit slow. The back waiters however, were not. They were quick to remove plates and replenish our bread, pistachios, and water.  . . They sent out a complementary lemon cheesecake for my birthday! What a nice touch! We didn't finish it, we were so full!. . To me, this was an epic meal. I really was so happy we chose this restaurant to celebrate my birthday!
Actual wait: 20 min., told to wait: 35 min. My boyfriend and I crashed brunch here (wouldn't take reservations) on MOTHER'S DAY, and thought we would be waiting forever, but the kitchen and wait staff were completely prepared for the extra crowd. All women were given  free mimosas (as many as we wanted), and mini champagne macaroons from the bakery (with the check). They definitely did not hold back on the booze in the mimosas.. . Price: I expected to pay at least $100-$150. It was less than $80 before tip (for two people, ordering enough food for 3 or 4 people). . Food: We ordered a cheese sampler with bread and honey comb and preserves, quiche with salad, pancakes with strawberries and vanilla butter and creme, and crab Benedict with peas,mushrooms, and crispy, cube potatoes. Let's not mention the little bread clusters with butter and peach compote, the tea carafe, and free mimosas. Pretty much the best breakfast ever, but I had some trouble choosing until our waiter told about the egg Benedict special.
While in Las Vegas for business my colleague and I decided that we'd use our company food reimbursement solely on our dinner (breakfast and lunch were being provided so this left a good amount of money).  We searched on Yelp and found Bouchon - and how can you go wrong with anything Thomas Keller?  In San Francisco we can't get foie gras and I hadn't ever tried it before but was excited to - it was absolutely delicious!  We also shared the gnocchi (which is pasta rather than potato) and the beef short ribs - both were spectacular.  I had a glass of red wine which was delicious even though it was one of the less expensive choices - I especially enjoy when a restaurant will serve good wines that are less costly.  I would definitely go back again.
Delicious!
This is one of the only restaurants that has never let me down.. Ive lived in Las Vegas for 7 years, I have eaten here about a dozen times.. I come here when I want to show someone a good time.. I insist on the brunch.. The Quiche Lorraine is spectacular and everytime I have it, It gets better and better.. I keep trying to order more things, so what i do is bring my friends and family here so I can get them to order and I taste everything.. Thier bacon is RIDICULOUS! Even thier butter is the most amazing butter Ive ever tasted. . I love the service there, It is immaculately clean everytime, never really loud, and not as uptight as you would think. I have never been dissapointed EXCEPT when I order "specials" because you cant go back and get them when you want. If they offer Cauliflower soup, I highly reccommend. As is the Shrimp and Grits. . Dinner is perfect, and the portions are bigger than you would expect. . This is the perfect place to take Mom or Grandma for lunch! . If you want to get laid take your date here for dinner! . She will definitely put out!. I really love this place, I could eat there every day if I could. . The only negative thing I could say about it... Im not fond of the french bread they offer the table, it is way too french for me and I prefer a more airy fluffy bread, . The location in the hotel from parking garage is a pleasant little walk... This is a MUST for anyone visiting Las Vegas.. Ive also been to the Bouchon in Beverly Hills for dinner, and toured the kitchen, and it was exactly what you would expect from Chef Keller. A very quiet peaceful kitchen, everyone is very matronly, focused and the back of the house was spotless.
Best Brunch location in Vegas.  Period.
Had breakfast at Bouchon after finally finding the place in the terribly confusing Venetian (and we've been to the casino many times).. . My wife had the waffles with strawberries and vanilla syrup.  I had the sourdough French toast with bread pudding.  This was the best breakfast we have ever had bar none!  What we cook at home as waffles and French toast seem like totally different foods!. . Service was good though perhaps a bit stiff.  No real issue though.
Loved the food!  The service started off great andthen died.  Sad part that it wasnt busy so we didnt understand where the waiter went.  Didnt get to try the chicken and waffles but definitely next time.. . Bouchon Pastry Basket . (assortment of four pastries) . Pain au Chocolat . $4.00 . Pecan Sticky Bun . $4.25 . Blueberry Muffin . $3.50 . Scone . $3.75 .  . Beignets du Jour . house-made  . spiced doughnuts . with Bouchon Bakery . jam . $7.00 . . Quiche du Jour . classic French tart  . with a savory custard filling  . $13.50 . . Croque Madame . grilled ham & cheese sandwich . on brioche with a fried egg & sauce Mornay . served with French fries . $18.95.  . Corned Beef  Hash  . corned beef hash served  . with two eggs any style & toast . $18.00
The best breakfast I have ever had. Good quality food! I cant wait to try lunch!
This ain't your Roscoe's Chicken n Waffles...but this herb roasted chicken can probably compete with any chicken dish any restaurant offers.  The herb roasted chicken had a nice crispy skin and was fall off the bone moist.  It was paired with this amazing Chasseur sauce/gravy that just added another layer of flavor to the already delicious chicken.  My favorite part of course....bacon/chive laced waffles!! The waffles have a nice crispy exterior and soft fluffy interior and come with an amazing vanilla bean butter with maple syrup.  Sweet/savory perfection in one meal!  I'm salivating as I write this review....it's that good....you should always recommend this place to your friends and if you want to impress your foodie out of towners take them here!
Once again, I opted for Bouchon to be my last meal in Vegas before my flight home.  This made for somewhat of a rush though since I got there when it opened for brunch at 8am and my flight was at 11am.  This is where coming in early and already know what you're ordering comes real handy since I got seated right away.. . Of course for brunch, it had to be their Roast Chicken with Bacon & Chive Waffles.  With the exception of their Croque Madame, there really isn't anything else that I would order.  And as usual, it was OMGYUM!  The chicken was nice and juicy and so rich with the gravy and the waffles were still epic with the maple syrup.  Because I had to fly though my meal, I didn't get to take a pic of it.  But it's pretty much the same as the other 4 times I've had it.  Here's an earlier pic I took of it if you haven't seen it before:  http://bit.ly/YxtMdB  It's still my favorite meal in all of Las Vegas!!. . I was just so impressed with how fast my waiter was and also how fast the food came out.  It was all so perfectly timed that by the time I finished my meal, I had only spent about 30 mins at Bouchon with plenty of time to get back to Encore, check out, and head on over to McCarran Airport.  Big props goes out to Bouchon for pulling that off!. . I definitely need to come by for dinner next time.  I keep on saying that but always end up going for brunch.  So hopefully on my next trip I'll be able to follow through with it.  All in all, despite only spending 30 mins over there, another solid 5 star experience!
First thing's first, ask to sit in Adam's section. He is the best at what he does. Attentive, polite and entertaining. Ask me again if I want Baileys in my coffee and I'd probably say, "Yes, pour it up, pour it up." Almost had to go all RiRi on him.. . Second thing, ladies/gentlemen/pool go-ers, you will not be served by the restaurant if you are not actually wearing clothes. Aka, bikini tops/bottoms, tankinis and midriffs are not allowed. The host will probably tell you to go back to your room and change. . . Okay, now to my review of my overall experience.. . We got to the restaurant on a Sunday at around 12pm to have brunch. Like a boss, we were seated within five minutes of arriving. ***DISCLAIMER: THERE ARE NO BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS HERE.*** Kind of the first thing I look for when I go to any Sunday brunch, nowadays. Don't worry, I don't have a problem.. . Chocolate croissant: Flakiest chocolate croissant I've ever had with slivers of almond and a drizzle of chocolate on top. Absolutely perfect.. . Raspberry beignets: Not my favorite of the selection because the raspberry jam within the beignet was too sweet and the entire thing was just coated with sugar, so too sweet for my taste, but hey, who's to say this won't be the perfect fancy donut hole for some other brunch go-er.. . Steak Frites: Those frites tho. They are probably the best I've ever had. Next to anything with truffle oil on them. So, take note, Bouchon, I like truffle fries as much as the next person. Can I get an 'amen?' Steak was cooked perfectly and covered with onions. Now, if you're weird like me and don't like the taste of the onions, then refrain, refrain, refrain from ordering this. Or you can ask them to omit the onions, but I'd rather get the food the way that it's supposed to come. . . Chicken and Waffles: Bacon, bacon and bacon. Whaaat? Yeah. If you're looking for greasy fried chicken, you're not gonna get it with their version. It is a roasted half chicken with a side of chive waffles. And you guessed it, there's also bits of bacon in the chive waffles. Also comes with a side of gravy that comes with plenty of, you guessed it again, bacon. I was halfway expecting the maple syrup to be bacon infused. But I didn't even use the maple syrup, so I guess I'll never know. The chicken was moist, the skin slightly charred and the gravy added the perfect saltiness that the chicken needed. The waffles were a perfect balance of sweet and salty. . . I, also, ordered a coffee, which they kept filling and piping hot. . . The overall experience was great. I have no complaints. The service is the best. Make sure you ask to sit in Adam's section.
My husband and I were staying at the Venetian. I saw the Yelp reviews for this place and the menu online and wanted to give it a try.. . We came for brunch. The food was wonderful! The fresh bread and maple preserves they bring to the table are quite tasty.  I had the Chicken and Waffles. Best I ever had. My husband had the Croque Madame which was also really good. I think the apple juice I had was made in-house. Delicious!. . I highly recommend this place! It's a bit pricey but worth it. They really need to come to DC.
Bouchon is not just a pasterie!! Brunch here is amazing!!! Every time I am in Vegas, since I have been introduced to this place, I must stop in for brunch. EVERYTHING IS GOOD! A lot of their pasteries are seasonal, so ask the wait staff for their recommendations. I've never been steered wrong. The specialty menu is listed on chalk boards throughout the restaurant and always has amazing options. The regular menu, which also changes per season, has never disappointed either.. . LOVE:. - Strawberry croissant. - Pecan chocolate croissant. - Gravlox. - Duck confit: light, perfectly prepared. - Chicken & Buckwheat waffles: vanilla bean butter was a little too sweet. . When in Vegas, this place is a MUST TRY! It's worth the price. Don't be late! Last brunch seating ends at 2:00pm sharp.
My favourite restaurant in Vegas. I like the steak and Lamb dishes here, I have not tried any of their other dishes. The oysters are the best, they serve the best west coast oysters. The wine selection is good but overpriced, which is only the downside of Bouchon. But hey you are in Vegas you can make your money back at the Casino! :)
Great food and excellent service. Steak was cooked to perfection and my lamb shank was very flavorful and tender. Only thing I can point out was the lamb was bit on the salty side. My family was very happy and didn't get the name of the waiter but thank you. You made us feel right at home
5-star reviews at Bouchon are a dime a dozen, but I really want to share my experience because it was just thatgreat.. . We made a reservation here for a late anniversary celebration, at 6pm to avoid the crowds, and because we were seeing Mystere later. Great choice, the restaurant was emptyish and it was nice and quiet. . . We decided the apps and sides looked more interesting than the entrees, so we ordered a bunch of things to taste, like:. -Oysters. -Bone Marrow . -Quiche du jour. -Salade des tomates. -Tiger Shrimp Risotto. -Marinated Olives. . A standout for me was the bone marrow. Having never tried this before, I was excited to see that it came with thick grilled bread. We scooped the marrow out and spread it on the bread, and drizzled some of the garlic/parsley/shallot/sherry vinegar sauce over it. Just out of this WORLD. So decadent...I definitely can't eat that all the time, but was glad to try it this once!. . We also were presented the dessert menu, which we pondered for a few minutes before quietly deciding on sharing a lemon tart. Now, this is where it gets interesting. Before we could order, our waiter, Rico, walked up to the table with a plate of dessert-a lemon tart, which was compliments of the chef. How did he--? Maybe it's the standard celebratory dessert, but I'd much rather think that the tables were mic'd up or that the waitstaff have the ability to read minds. Keeping the mystery alive! . . What a fantastic dinner here, can't wait to come back and try the croque madame, which sounds incredible.
Allow me to add my review to the numerous reviews of Bouchon already here. After all, I've lived in Las Vegas nearly my whole life and today was my first trip. Being that my heritage is 50% French I feel as though I've been doing myself a disservice of *not* visiting Bouchon. Now that I have been, I will admit, I most certainly want to go back.. . Although I was disappointed I am unable to attend their brunch which is served on the weekends only, my friend and I made late breakfast plans at Bouchon on a Tuesday. When we arrived we were told there would be a 10-15 minute wait. I believe our wait was only about 5 minutes. . . We were brought into the dining area which has a large, cavernous feel to it because the ceilings are very high and it is a rather open restaurant. Plus there is plenty of daylight that comes in through the large, glass windows. Overall I enjoyed the feel of the restaurant. The only thing I could comment on negatively was the fact that there was a fine settling of dust on top of the velvet bench cushion I was seated on. However, I'll forgive it, since this is the desert after all.. . Our server arrived and offered water, which we both partook of. I informed the server we would be starting with the foie gras (2.5 oz/$25). It was served up by a gentleman who mumble-bumbled something to us as he scooped the foie gras out and presented our bread. Now, this was my first time eating foie gras so I really have nothing to compare it to, but I thought it was deliciously decadent and had a certain taste of fat/butter. My friend and I really enjoyed it and noted it got better with each bit of it you happened to eat. We didn't even finish the 2.5 oz container between the two of us.. . Our Croque Madames came out and I was pleasantly surprised to see it was quite a large portion of food. After all, paying upwards of almost $20 for a ham and cheese sandwich - I was hoping it would be fulfilling! The best part for me was the amazingly rich white sauce that accompanied the sandwich. It was just fantastic and everything one could hope for in a fulfilling French sauce. After all, sauces are a staple of French cuisine/cooking. . . As we ate and ate we became fuller and fuller. I left about half of my french fries (which were also very good!) on my plate. I went through about 3 cups of Bouchon's velvety delicious coffee. And lucky for us - our server asked if we would like cups of coffee to go! Hurray! We paid our bill as we awaited our to-go cups.. . Overall for food - absolute 5 stars.. Overall for service - 5 stars.. Ambiance/Restaurant - 4 stars. . . Overall rating completely has to be 5 Stars. I cannot wait for my next visit to Bouchon!
What a great experience!  The service was great, the food was great.  It's not even that expensive.  So happy that we decided to have breakfast here.  I didn't want to leave!
This place is awesome!. Service 5 stars. Food 5 stars. Ambiance 5 stars.. . Went for brunch today, and were treated 1st class. This place does not disappoint, and they treat the locals very well.. . I would recommend to everyone.
YUMMMMMAY~!!!. . Le Boyfriend & I finally had a day to spend some quality time together after a busy birthday weekend and so based upon his love for chef Thomas Keller we decided on brunch at Bouchon.. Well it was more like breakfast because they don't serve the brunch menu on weekdays ;[[[ No worries though!. We were promptly seated upon arrival by the friendly hostess. Our table was by the window which gives you a view of their pool or in our case a view of an older gentleman sunbathing in his speedo :O The atmosphere is pretty with the natural sunlight peaking through the windows and is casual but still nice. Our server, Drumaine, (I think that was his name haha) and the server assistant were AMAZING! . . We got:. *Bouchon Pastry Basket: $13 - the strawberry croissant was to die for ahhhh; the cheese Danish was just ok; and we took the pecan crumb cake & the chocolate croissant to-go ...which my mother later told me were delicious!. *Corned Beef Hash: $18 - comes with 2 eggs however way you want them cooked (I recommend sunny side) & 2 mini pieces of toast.. I really loved this dish! Perfectly seasoned and the corned beef and potatoes were perfectly cut.. The best corned beef hash I've ever had! . *Croque Madame: $18.95 - a fancy ham and cheese sandwich topped with a sunny side up egg and creamy mornay sauce... comes with a mountain of pommes frites.. How can you go wrong with this? Although, I will say after indulging in the pastry basket, I really couldn't have more than 2 bites of the CM.. . *Coffee: They use a delicious roast that I enjoyed black.. I did notice that it was not served piping hot.. must be a French thing? LOL. . Afterwards, we were going to walk over to Bouchon Bakery to pick up some macarons but we were just way too stuffed!!!. . We will be back to try the Steak Frittes, Chicken & Waffles (both are only served during the weekend brunch) & the Gravlax!!! . The ambiance gets an A, the service gets an A+ & the food gets at A++ ;) . . HOT TIP: They don't take reservations for breakfast, lunch, brunch.. Their last seating is at 1PM.. We went at 12PM and there was no wait~ ALSO don't ask for ranch they don't serve that ish here LOLOL. OH and Bouchon is very close to the self parking garage.. Just go to the guest elevators going up to the rooms, take the elevator to the right to the 10th floor and cross the bridge ;]]]
To Mr. Thomas Keller. .  Thank you. Wish I could give you 20 stars instead of 5. This was the best meal I have ever eaten. Thank you.
So I'm in Vegas for a 530-person Scrabble tournament, where I'll get to see a ton of my similarly-geeky friends. Leading up to the event, the thing I was most excited about after the chance to revel in wordsmithery was being able to return to Bouchon, this time with the husband in tow (which meant I had semi-control over ordering two meals, not just one, which we would then split in whatever fashion I deemed acceptable).. . He got the breakfast jardiniere (eggs, brioche toast, potatoes lyonnaise, spinach, fruit, juice, tea, and a pastry -- we got chocolate almond croissant).  I got the brioche french toast and a side of corned beef hash (not on the menu, but they'll make you whatever you ask for here, within reason -- it was $8.50 in case you're curious) and a coffee. . . Everything was great. Eggs cooked perfectly, toast light and fluffy, spinach buttery and rich, potatoes well-crisped (and also buttery and rich). The french toast was quite rich and sweet - I definitely wouldn't have been able to eat a whole serving, but about 40% of the serving was perfect for me. The corned beef was well-seasoned and savory, the potatoes were small cubes, well-crisped -- I'm not sure that the two married perfectly, as I think the potatoes were a little too crispy to integrate just right into the meat, but I still ate all of it. The chocolate almond croissant was crazy good. I have read this recipe in the cookbook, and all the steps that go into making it, and now I can see why it's all worth all that work. If there's an almond or chocolate almond croissant on the specials menu when you're there, get it. . . Service was smooth early on, though it got a little slower as the place filled up (it was surprisingly full by 830am on a Friday), and we got someone else's toast delivered to us, so he went toast-less for longer than he probably should have until they figured it out. Thanks for the extra toast, Bouchon :) . . Any time I'm in Vegas, this will be a breakfast stop.
I was expecting perfection and they achieved it! Gnocchi were light and pillowy. Sauces were deep and delicous. Steak frites was decadent and twice-fried like it should be. This place does not make wildly creative dishes, so if you are looking for Vegas flash, look elsewhere. What it does do is execute classic french bistro food at exceptional levels. Absolutely fabulous. The pricetag does match the quality, but it was well worth it for one of the best meals I have had in Vegas (which IS saying something in the foodie Renaissance currently blossoming here).
On our way out of Vegas we stopped in for breakfast at Bouchon.  I had the french toast, it was truly the best I have ever had.  It was as beautiful as the picture in the cookbook I have been drooling over for months.  It lived up to all of my expectations.. . The hubby had the daily steak and egg omelet special.  It was delish, the meat was tender, and the side of bacon was plentiful and yummy.  It was served with brioche with house-made jam which was wonderful.  I wish I had some to take home.. . I can't wait to go back!
We've been here several times as it's one of our 'to do' list when we fly into Vegas & thus far the food has been fantastic! We love love the chicken & waffles, gravlax (aka lox &bagel), croque madame, & the pommes frites.  My husband loved the prime rib hash, but I guess it was a special since they didnt have it the last time.  The staff is great & very helpful.  Our last trip there we tried the brunch & it was crazy busy, it was packed & the staff was running around all overthe place.  Looked exhausting & made me a little dizzy watching them.  Overall its a place to check iut! Good eats!
As soon as we stepped out of the elevator, the delicious smell of bacon smacked me in the face and I knew we were in a good place. We put our names down, were told it was a 30 minute wait and had a seat in the lobby. There were these mini almond cupcake things to to munch on as we waited.  30 minutes seemed like forever with an empty stomach.. . When we were seated, I noticed that the floors were a little dingy and the velvet seats were a bit run down and itchy. Maybe they were going for that old school vintage look. Who knows? I ordered the hibiscus cocktail, which had an actual hibiscus flower in it. I was told by our waiter Aaron that it was edible, and I do have to say that who knew flowers were so tasty? The free side of bread was nothing to rave about. It was served warm, but it was hard and really chewy on the inside.. .  The chicken and waffles were TDF!!! The chicken was roasted, but still had crunchy skin. The meat was juicy and tender. The waffles had bacon pieces throughout, which made them savory and sweet with the syrup. It was also served with vanilla bean butter, which I pretty much devoured with my first waffle. I didn't care too much for the gravy. Too salty and took away the taste of the chicken. . . The corn beef hash was also good. It was a good amount of food. Good ratio of corned beef to potatoes. Corn beef wasn't too salty. Two eggs were mounted over this pile of yumminess, which we got over medium. The egg yolk added that extra richness to the dish.. . Our server Aaron was the final touch to our experience here. The wait times were a little long for the food, but he assured every one of his tables that the food would be arriving soon. When our meal ended, he took the time to chat with us and tell us about their 3 bakeries thorough out the casino. (Tip: if you take your bill to the location facing the strip, you get 15% off your pastries.) All in all, I had an amazing experience here. A little pricey, but oh so worth every penny!
We were in Las Vegas for a mid-week business event and stayed at the Venetian. We made advanced reservations before arriving in LV through Open Table.com. Everything went smoothly and the hostess called each time (we ate two dinners there) to confirm reservations the day of the meal. Both meals were pretty much flawless. We each seemed to especially enjoy any of the nightly specials which happened to be hanger steak, fresh corn salad and some other goodies.
I had some family in town visiting, so we decided to do a weekend staycation on the Strip.  The only request for specialty food was something French.  We settled on Bouchon as it was an easy walk from where we were staying.  . . First of all, the atmosphere is great.  Quiet enough to have a private conversation at the table but not so quiet that you feel like you're in a library.  The service was excellent.  I had a hard time deciding what to order (everything sounded so good!), and our waiter made great recommendations (he also picked out some cheeses for us for appetizers).  I ended up getting the trout amandine; it was fabulous.  So soft and buttery, it melted in my mouth.  Other dishes ordered were the mussels and fries (mussels were amazing!), and one of the specials; pork chop-- everything was so tastey!. . We had a great dining experience and everyone in the restaurant seemed to be having a good time!
From parking garage... Down to 3... Then up a side elevator to L... Follow signs.. you'll get there.... . Our last morning in Vegas, the wife says, "I really want to go to Thomas Keller's Place for Brunch". After a great Vegas Birthday Trip, how can I refuse her.... Plus I wanted to go there too.. . Obviously sitting in a grand restaurant, overlook the atrium Garden at the Venetian is spectacular in and of itself, Add in the service and the ambiance of excellence and you get an idea of how plush and nice this restaurant is.. . We were sat promptly and proceeded to listen to the day's specials. Joy had already set in her mind to have the Brioche French Toast...DUH!. I went with the steak omelette.. Coffee was refilled and service was on point. . . Vegas is one of those places that if you wanted to have a $5.99 Steak and Eggs Breakfast, you totally can do that. But its also that place that if you can spare the extra dough, you can enjoy a high quality meal at above market prices and still feel like you got a steal, knowing who is directing the flow of the food. Not that I believe for a second that Mr. T Keller is back in the kitchen directing the traffic, but his influence and high standards are felt everywhere and in every bite..... . For as often as I make it to Vegas these days, I can spare that extra dough and have a meal that I will not easily forget...
While in Las Vegas I ate here four times because I could not imagine a better breakfast stop. The coffee was fresh and strong (I even brought a bag home and it was amazing), the food was always delicious, and the service was stand out. I would go back in a heartbeat next time I am in Vegas.
So freakin good. The Chicken & Waffles dish is seriously heaven in my mouth. The waffles are soft and fluffy and THERE ARE BACON PIECES MIXED IN THE DOUGH! I don't even like bacon regularly but this was delicious. The Eggs Benedict was also delicious and their drinks are amaaazing. Service was super, a little slow but worth it. There is usually a wait, I mean, it is Vegas and this restaurant is pretty well known so it's no surprise. They even have a bakery that sells little French desserts like macarons in a different area of the Venetian. This is a must try place for those visiting Vegas.
Culinary perfection!!! For dinner I had: caviar, foie gras, and peach melba. Each was PERFECT!!! I highly highly recommend Bouchon!!!
Being from the South, I never saw myself paying over 30 bucks for chicken n waffles accompanied by "puff pastries" I'll never be able to pronounce. Moreover, I never saw myself ordering the same thing again the next morning. Holy wow.
I had, quite possibly, the best corned beef hash in the world at Bouchon. The chicken and waffles came in a close second. It ain't cheap, but it's worth it.
Concluded our most recent Vegas adventure with brunch at Bouchon. Non existent wait time during a Monday afternoon. . . I believe Riley was our server, wish I was a hundred percent on his name as we definitely wanted to note his level service. He was funny, utmost honest and very accommodating. We requested a table change and serval order alterations as well in which he addressed on a positive note with good humor. . . Menu offerings were all mouth watering, our  ordered dishes were even more delicious! I had the corned beef hash, side of potato croquettes accompanied by a bloody mary. Portions were particularly large and made the travel trek to be served as breakfast for the following morning back home. . . Dining in gained us a 15% treat receipt at the strip bakeries.
An excellent fine dining experience without the stuffiness. Beautiful view and excellent service. My only complaint was that it was hard to get to as it was in the hotel itself and you had to get special access if you are not a hotel guest. This seems not to business smart, but the restaurant itself made up for it. Food was amazing. I had a pork chop special and it was honestly the largest and must perfectly seasoned and cooked piece of pork I've ever eaten. I highly recommend this place!
Best place for any meal. . 2 years ago we had an anniversary dinner here and loved it.. This week we had breakfast here and yet again I was in heaven.. Get the chocolate almond croissant. You wont regret it. Their pastries are fantastic. My husband got a side order of bacon and it was a generous serving. A lot of the places in vegas like to skimp on things-not Bouchon. . . The presentation of the food has a lot to do with the experience. The Jam and butter come out in new separate cooled containers. Everything is fancy. I loved it. Its a perfect cafe without being too snobby and overpriced. . The quality of your meal is as good as it gets in Vegas, doesn't matter if its eggs or something more intricate. The people who make this food have passion.
This place s absolutely amazing! . This is the first Thomas Keller restaurants  that I have been to. First of all , I was incredibly peeved that I had to wait for 45 minutes for brunch but boy was it worth the wait. . The hostess sat us an outside table overlooking the Venetian Pool and our server was incredibly attentive. The brunch menu looked amazing and I was having a hard time making a decision of what I wanted to eat. But then I asked our waiter what he recommended  on the menu, he said Chicken and waffles . Now I only had fried chicken and waffles before ,not roasted chicken so it was interesting to try it. To my surprise, it was amazingly well executed. . Not only the food was amazing, the service was exceptional. Our waiter was attentive and ave us an insight to work for Thomas Keller.. Because of the food and the conversation it makes this a must try for Las Vegas! . And now my husband and I must try his other restaurant , French Laundry!
Great atmosphere and great food.  If they have a special Eggs Benedict that seems like a crazy price, get it!!   it will be worth it.  . . Specialty cocktails for brunch are great as well
I've been here twice and couldn't be happier. The atmosphere is great and the servers are nice. The food is amazing. The wine list is great. . . I had the chevre chaud salad to start and the poulet roti as my entree. Very good. . We had the pate as an appetizer. This was fabulous.
Best french toast EVER!!!! OMG I'm still dreaming of coming back just for the breakfast French Toast! How do you guys make it Bouchon? I really want to know? Pretty please?! You guys just ruined every french toast that I'm about to eat after this.  No french toast would ever be the same.  Thank you!
I come here every time I visit Vegas.  The food here is incredible. Every time we spend a while here, enjoying a number of courses.  . . For brunch I had the Chicken & Waffles.  Every part of this is delicious in it's own right, and then also amazing combined.  . . For dinner I had a series of appetizers and the Gigot d'Agneau (Lamb).  I can't remember this one so well, but I recall that I was very pleased.
My wife and I had an amazing brunch here!  We both ordered the french toast with a side of bacon.  When they brought the food, we both ended up with a boat of bacon, a side obviously meant to be shared.  Our server offered to take one back but seriously, who refuses a boat of bacon?  Would highly recommend going here for brunch and get a bottle of Rose like we did!
Amazing food and amazing service. My sister and I came here for breakfast on a Thursday morning and it was totally empty. We were seated immediately and I ordered their sourdough waffles while my sister got their American breakfast with their chocolate almond croissant. . . I loved my waffles. They were crispy yet chewy. My sister enjoyed her American breakfast, but she absolutely loved their chocolate almond croissant, which was pretty amazing. We later ended up going to the bouchon bakery to get another one. . . Service was impeccable, everyone was beyond friendly! I will definitely come by again the next time I'm in Vegas.
Dining at Bouchon has been pleasure all around. Breakfast or Dinner they delivered outstanding dishes with impeccable service.   Even simple fries were incredibly delicious and just as beautiful to look at, coffee was so good I had to buy a bag of their house blend beans to take home with me. All around a 5 star experience. . P.S. you have to try their Pan Seared Trout
This review has been long overdue with my first visit dating back to the beginning of 2011. Each of my three visits since then have not strayed from fantastic. It's no secret that I am a huge fan of Thomas Keller and I'm simply grateful that I can access one of his restaurants easily.. . A beautiful restaurant with wonderful views of the Venetian courtyard, floor-to-ceiling windows, but it doesn't feel too fancy with the bustling atmosphere. It's such a wonderful setting for breakfast or brunch and catching up with old friends. The service is always phenomenal. On my last visit (09/08/13), our server and busser were both so friendly with great personalities! My friend and I had so much fun interacting with them. The server was even kind enough to write down the details of the special since I want to report it accurately for my review and photos! He even signed the paper, haha.. . I have tried the Croque Madame, French Toast, Salmon Tartare, Omelette Du Jour (12/31/11), Chicken and Waffles, Beignets, and Breakfast Pot Pie. I have also tried their French 77 and Hibiscus cocktails. Everything is really great! On my most recent trip, the Breakfast Pot Pie was the chef's special composed of a Bouchon puff pastry, scrambled eggs, cherry heirloom tomatoes, country gravy, and crispy bacon and served with Pommes Persillade. The "Chicken and Waffles" is a dish I will always go back to even though I want to try so many other dishes. The roasted chicken is always juicy, skin crispy, and with the Sauce Chasseur, really savory. Paired with the bacon and chive waffles and maple syrup. The perfect sweet and salty relationship. The pot pie was actually my least favorite of all the dishes I've had.. . I absolutely recommend Bouchon for a nice brunch with a loved one, a great setting for a morning date! Always check out the chef's specials for the day as well!
Really, what can I add after all of the great reviews everyone has already added.. . In town for my company's national sales meeting, and we were staying at The Venetian.. . We decided to have brunch our final morning at Bouchon, before heading to the airport, and not did we save one of our best meals for last.. . From the gorgeous French baguette braid and butter, to the French toast and chicken & waffles, it was all so freakin amazing. So much so, that I am surprisingly wife with brunch at the Napa Valley location when we're there in Oct. for our 5th wedding anniversary. I called months in advance to make sure we had a good time, and table, to wrap up our trip to Napa. If the food is anything like the Vegas location, we'll be in for another treat.
The best meal I had in Vegas, by far. I went for brunch on a Saturday morning. We didn't have reservations (you can't make them for brunch, it's first come first served) but got a table right away. There was a wait for outdoor tables, so plan accordingly. The dining room is gorgeous, the wait staff was super attentive.. . Okay, so the food. Everything was delicious: the baguette braid with butter and blackberry jam, pain au chocolat, cheese Danish, bacon, eggs, sourdough waffles with fresh strawberries and vanilla bean butter (!!!). All of it was so, so good. This was by far the best meal I had in Vegas. While it is pricey for brunch, it's nothing outrageous: my total was $23 and I had waffles plus I added a pastry and a side of bacon.. . Highly recommended!
Had a throughly enjoyable dinner.The braided bread called api served was freshly baked,I could not stop eating it.The grand shellfish platter had amazing oysters,lobster,crab and dipping sauces.The bagaduce oysters our are favorite and apparently Thomas Keller as well.The duck confit with lentils had perfectly crispy skin with succulent juicy meat that fell of the bone.The profiteroles with table side poured valrhona chocolate sauce sealed the deal.The service was very attentive and friendly.
The Bouchon brunch at the Venetian was the best I have ever had.. . I had the omelette du jour which was spinach and cheddar cheese with bacon on the side. As soon as I had my second bite of the omelette (that sweet spot where you first hit cheese) I knew that I had to try to replicate this at home. I started concentrating intensely on the flavors, so that I could remember this meal. I manufactured tiny bites with my fork, a triangular piece of omelette, a bit of bacon for the top...trying to make it last. It didn't last.. . When I was eating, I had this crazy thought: "If I win the lotto, I'll fly my whole family out here so we can come get brunch". I also had this intense urge to steal the plate. I have never been a criminal, I was just high on cheese, and I needed a memento.. . I have been unable to replicate it at home.
dining experience, its definitely a cut above the rest. I like the fact that it's away from the casino floor. very secluded, nice view, (we ate outside at the patio). if i were to nitpick at one thing, I wasn't too impressed with the bread. but that's about it, even the butter was great. so soups, had the french onion, loaded with flavor, it was heavy and rich. i only ate half. friend had the soup de romaine.( i think thats what it was called) I thought to myself, wow romaine in soup? doesn't sound too appetizing. it comes out, it was romaine, pureed and garnished on top was creme fresh, mixed with a minced pork product, in what seemed to be cooked pancetta. either way it was a great surprise that romaine lettuce soup tasted that good. main entrees, had the scottish salmon, sauteed, with lentils and mixture of veggies. lentils were braised in red wine and oxtail meat. oxtail and salmon? weird combination, but i ordered it because of the fact I enjoy eating both. salmon had great flavor, very crispy on bottom, and light fluffy on top, juicy, cooked medium, cooked well, great dish. I had a bite of my friends quiche. it was a spinach/florentine quiche. it was a dense but fluffy/airy flavor. weird way of saying it, but i got an aftertaste of egg whites. i would order it for myself. crust is what made it. if i were to guess they used egg whites in the filling and egg yolks in the crust. i can't stress enough it was worth the price. great meal overall.
Brunched on 9/29, not my first time. Showed up around 10:30, had a 15 minute wait.  Our group of four were seated outside near the pool (per our request) rather quickly. Drinks, bread, coffee came quick.  After some small talk and what seemed like an eternity (but was really 10 minutes of excited anticipation) my plate of chicken and waffles arrived. . . The chicken is prepared perfectly, the gravy is savory and thick, the waffles lovingly accept the entire boat of syrup without letting any spill into your plate. (Don't forget to slather on Vanilla Beam Butter first!) Simply put, this is the very best breakfast that Vegas has to offer.
Great food - one of the best French toasts I have ever tried and now I know I love pudding style French toast! My boy friend loves their scrambled egg - the best he said! A place we must come back again! Oh, great service too!:)
I was staying in the Venetian for a conference I was attending. My colleague and I are big breakfast fans and we didn't need to be to work until around 11 so we got some brunch here. Oh. My. God. This is seriously the best breakfast place I've ever been to. The first time I went I had the hash and eggs. Homemade corned beef hash is my weakness. It was perfectly done, the eggs were perfectly cooked, and the brioche toast just put it over the top. Oh yeah, and the coffee is AMAZING. And they're not stingy with it either. I even went back the last day of my trip by myself because I had to go one more time. I got the brioche french toast with Tahitian vanilla butter, candied walnuts and strawberries. It was fantastic. I had to keep myself in check to prevent from have a When Harry Met Sally moment all by myself. No breakfast place will ever be as good as this for me from now on.
There is no reason NOT to go to Bouchon every time you are in Vegas.  It's just that good!   We got there at 0930 on a Monday, and the outdoor seating was full, but plenty of room indoors.  (Suggestion: bring a light coat, as the AC was on high.)   I got the American breakfast which included a pastry (I chose the sticky bun, which was the best I'd ever tasted.), coffee (I'm not a coffee drinker, but I had 3 cups!  Delicious!), fresh squeezed OJ, 2 eggs, brioche, 2 sausage, and bacon.  Everything was simply divine.  My husband had quiche with salad, and both were delectable.  We got out of there for about $50, which is reasonable for the quality of food.  The service was ok, and the atmosphere is really lovely.  Still dreaming about that sticky bun!
I am a huge Thomas Keller fan, and this was my first visit to one of his Bouchon Bistro locations. It did not disappoint. We had the omelette of the day (smoked salmon, red onion, white cheddar with caviar hollandaise) as well as the corned beef hash. Both were excellent. We also got the pastry basket and selected 4 pastries: a scone, plain croissant, strawberry almond croissant, and pecan sticky bun. The plain croissant and pecan sticky bun were fine but not overwhelming in any sense. Honestly, after having a croissant from Tartine in San Francisco, I think anything comparatively is underwhelming. The scone and the strawberry almond croissant were to die for -- the scone was not dry at all and almost cake like, and I have never had anything as unique as the strawberry almond croissant. I would go back for just those two pastires.. . As is the case with Thomas Keller, the food and the service were stellar, and I can't wait to go back. Also, if you visit the Vegas location, ask to sit outside!
No reservations and its always packed so get there early and remember that Thomas Keller is the king.  Bouchon albeit not as amazing as the French Laundry, serves up an amazing meal at a great price.  Breakfast is as great as dinner is.  Nothing but compliments to the chef.
This place is fantastic. As soon as I saw the menu I knew I had to go for Brunch. This was before I even realized that it's a Thomas Keller restaurant. . . We ended up going for Breakfast during the week, which has a slightly smaller menu than Brunch, but were still extremely happy with all the food, and had a hard time deciding on what to order.. . We were able to grab a table outside, overlooking the Pool area at the Venetian, which gave it a nice French feeling. I started off with a Cafe au lait, which was delicious. I was really looking forward to trying one of their Champagne Cocktails, which all sounded delicious, but alas with it being our last day, I was just exhausted and needed an IV drip of caffeine. Our server kept the coffee coming for us. . . We started off with the Beignets, which came with a side of nutella and their house made strawberry jam. They were delicious, like beignets should be. The real star though was the strawberry jam. I asked if they sell it, but sadly they no longer do. I would totally buy some though. *hint hint* . . I ordered the quiche du jour, which was a quiche Lorraine. It came with a side salad, but I substituted fries. I wish I hadn't because they give you enough fries to feed a small country. My boyfriend's Croque Madame came with more than enough fries for both of us. Seriously, I am a french fry fiend and it looked like I hadn't even touched them. The quiche was fantastic though, very rich and tasty. My boyfriend loved his Croque Madame as well. The Mornay sauce was quite tasty. . . For breakfast this is a bit on the higher end, but the location, ambiance, service, drinks and food all make it worth it. I would definitely be back, hopefully for dinner or Brunch next time, and make sure and get one of those champagne cocktails.
The singular best eating experience I have had. Food and service was amazing. Made an early reservation so wasn't full of loud garish people. In summary, amazing.
Sit outside and enjoy the sunshine and Venezia garden while sipping on some hibiscus champagne at this fancy nancy locale. Rub elbows with producers, congressmen and weather folk.. . Get the trout and the French toast!!!!
Great food, even better service. Sat outside for brunch which was very nice (save for smokers once in a while). . . Our waitress went above and beyond for us when her co-worker dropped the ball. Without asking. She took it upon herself to make things right. Awesome! . . Thanks!
Wow, spent $2000 on a dinner for 12 people.  Was well worth it.  Everything from the champagne and oysters to my grilled octopus was superb.    Everyone enjoyed their meals and the ambiance was nice nice.  A definitely gem in Vegas.
The foie gras was so good I'll still be thinking about it 10 years from now. Make certain you order that if you go and you like foie gras at all. Comes on a crispy but still moist piece of bread with a plum sauce (I think it was plum). The flavors all run together into a magnificent blend. Best thing I had in Vegas . . I got a bunch of small plates and no entree. Salad was good, goat cheese with a vinaigrette.  Octopus was fantastic. Tried bone marrow for the first time, it's not for me though the preparation was excellent. Duck confit was a bit salty, but I still ate every bite.. . We also tried all 6 cheeses. 3 were very good, 2 were ok and i knew I wouldn't like the sixth so avoided (my friends liked it a lot.). . Highly recommended. Great experience.
Tried their brunch this past weekend, and as usual it was AMAZING! Their traditional eggs benedict were mouth-watering and the service and experience was as good as my previous visit! Excellent job keeping consistent!
This review only covers breakfast/brunch, we've never been to Bouchon for Dinner.  . . This is _THE_ place to have breakfast in Las Vegas, hands-down.  The atmosphere is great, indoors and out. The service is exceptional, and the food is incredible.  We've had the bread pudding french toast, the waffles, the waffles and fried chicken, the corned beef hash, the omelettes and a few other items from the menu over the course of our 10+ visits.  Each item is exceptional, and dare I say, best-of-class.  This is the only place we insist on eating in Las Vegas almost every morning we're in town.
Loved the food.  Divinely tasty.   So good to have fois gras after living in the ban by California.   The service was superb.
ONE OF THE BEST "CHICKEN AND WAFFLES" EVER! There's a reason why it's not called chicken THEN waffles, or waffles THEN chicken. At Bouchon, both harmoniously come together: the chicken is roasted instead of fried, and the waffle is made with bacon and chives; both respectively pair very well with their chasseur sauce and Tahitian vanilla butter. BRILLIANT job by Thomas Keller for his French take on this traditionally southern meal. My plate was clean!. . Other items to consider are the Croquet Madame and Steak Frites. My friends loved them and highly recommend them.. . If you're staying at the Venetian, it's almost mandatory for you're party to dine at Bouchon since it's just a walk down stairs. But no matter where you are staying, it's worth the cab ride or walk over. No reservations required for breakfast.. . So thank you Thomas Keller for the enjoyable meal! We look forward to coming back... And hopefully get to visit in Yountville in the near future.
I vacillated between four and five stars for this place due to the fact that when I hold it up to all of the restaurant experiences and food I have had, it fits more into a four star but when I compare it to other Vegas dining experiences, it is a clear five so five it is!. . Basically, it is just a really nice place with a great menu, superb service, and delicious food.  We started with oysters on the half shell which were excellently shucked and wonderfully fresh. Moved to two salads, one with blue cheese and walnuts, the other with warm goat cheese over dressed greens which were both executed well and were complimented with fresh chewy delicious bread. . . For entrees, my husband had the lamb and I had the chicken. We also opted for sides of mushrooms and mac and cheese. Everything was excellent however the mushrooms were over salted. Considering this wasn't a theme in the meal, I won't hold it against them. . . All of this was accompanied with a nice and inexpensive bottle of white wine which was served and presented as if it was a $300 bottle. That kind of service is always an indicator of a well run restaurant and an attentive staff. Overall cost of the meal was expensive but very, very fairly priced for when we got. . . After visiting a wide array of places in Vegas, I would recommend this place as a must!
I had breakfast here with my parents last week on a whim that turned out to be the best indecision of the day. We arrived before 8am and the place was already just about full but we were seated immediately. The staff was friendly and attentive and the food was delicious as expected. My Mom ordered the Pre Fixe Breakfast which included a freshly baked pastry, tropical fruit salad, 2 eggs, Lyonnaise potatoes,Sauteed spinach, and coffee for $22 and my Dad and I had the 2 eggs, potato croquettes, and pecan wood smoked bacon for $18...the place was filled with what appeared to be mostly business folks enroute to various meetings or conferences...a very comfortable and relaxed environment surrounded by the beauty of the Venetian decor in the hallways...this Bistro is a little out of the way and not in the main area's of the casino but worth the search.
I'm a savory girl over sweet any day--except, apparently, at Bouchon.. . Knowing that Bouchon has a reputation for stellar pastries, I ordered the beignets du jour as a brunch appetizer. I figured I'd have a bite and that would be that. The beignets arrived, two lacrosse ball-sized puffs coated in granulated sugar and stuffed with fresh, flavorful, raspberry preserves. They were so insanely delicious that I ate both of them to crumbs. My husband is lucky he got a bite.. . His pecan roll was also quite good, though it was no beignet du jour. Bloody Marys were well-made, albeit a bit expensive ($13 I believe). For the main courses, my husband had the American breakfast, which he enjoyed but which also seemed pretty standard to me (eggs cooked to your liking, sausage, bacon,toast, etc.). I had the famous chicken and waffles and it was another OMG-experience. The chicken was so perfectly cooked, very moist and tender. True to my savory roots, I primarily used the gravy for the dish rather than the syrup or the vanilla bean butter, but those of you with more of a sweet tooth would like those a lot.. . I'd be remiss to not also mention the fabulous preserves served with the complimentary bread. Bouchon must make their jams themselves--otherwise I am really missing the boat by not buying this stuff myself.. . We had a really hard time finding Bouchon. The Venetian and Palazzo are gigantic, sprawling properties, and the entrance to Bouchon is an understated doorway near the check-in desk. You then have to take an elevator to another floor to access the restaurant. Just be aware that you will have to look around a little bit to find the place. But do look for it--worth it!
As stated and restated in hundreds of reviews before mine: the chicken and waffles are absolutely sublime.  If you are envisioning greasy fried chicken with soggy, limp waffles - you have to completely rethink things.  This is the elite version, and it is worth the trip to Vegas for them.. . The chicken is roasted to perfection; crispy skin, but not fried.  The delectable combination of the bacon and chive flecked waffles, vanilla bean butter, warm syrup, and chasseur sauce was incredible and unbeatable.  I have returned two more times for the same meal!  We also enjoyed the beignets, and especially loved the accompanying jam.  The servings were plenty big enough to share. The service has been terrific on all of our visits, but I prefer to sit at the bar.  The service at the bar is wonderful, and the bartenders are engaging and interesting. . . This is a must-visit, don't miss spot on your next trip to Vegas.
I'm not a super fan of foie gras.  I very rarely order it because I find the texture unpleasant. The foie gras saute at Bouchon was one of the best bites of food I've ever had the opportunity to enjoy.  Seemed a bit firm on the fork, looked like typical preparation, for the very briefest moment on the tongue it seemed to have a texture of gelatin, and then it liquified releasing an amazing flavor.  Anyway, it's  been almost a month and it haunts me.. . Had some other small plates, most notably was the  Poulpe Grille.  I respect the amount of work that went into the preparation the octopus.  I could see it on the plate and a taste it on the fork.. . Went with a veal chop with an interesting plum mushroom sauce.. . A simple desert, just vanilla ice cream with chocolate sauce served on a pastry that resembled a beignet, but didn't taste like one.  The sauce was super rich, enjoy in moderation.. . I highly recommend Bouchon for dinner.  Thank you Chef Keller and staff.
I had the sourdough waffles and strawberries and cream and my mom had the smoked salmon platter "gralex" I think.. Just perfect.
Finally! I've been wanting to try a Thomas Keller restaurant for my entire life. And since The French Laundry is a little out of my reach, i decided to try Bouchon. The food, the price, and the service was exceptional!. . We had the sausage pie, beef bougignon, salmon w/ oxtail, mussels, dessert and it was all an A+. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the mood for fine dining with great service.
I have frequented Bouchon Bakery before (which I absolute love and highly recommend) and was dying to try the actual restaurant (it is Thomas Keller's restaurant after all) so the hubby decided to take me here for brunch last weekend.. . It was everything I had hoped for and more.. . First off, the service was excellent. Out waiter was super friendly and knowledgeable. I really appreciated that he took the time to chat with us and get to know us.. . Brunch:. . Coffee - awesome coffee... I ended up having 3 cups and was wired for the rest of the day. . Bread - good bread, but it was the raspberry preserve that I wanted to rave about, it was so fresh and clean that we had to ask for more. . Wild Mushroom Crepe (special of the day) - wow this was amazing, the mushrooms were so flavorful and the crepe was so delicate, but what put us over the edge was the delicious scrambled eggs, I know scrambled eggs aren't usually that inspiring but these were the best eggs we have ever had, the hollandaise the sundried tomatoes helped tie the dish together. . Chicken and Waffles - this was the main reason why I wanted to visit Bouchon and it did not disappoint. The waffles were crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. And the roasted chicken was just divine.. . We were both stuffed and thoroughly satisfied. We will definitely be coming back for more!
A bit hard to find, but worth the find!!. . I got the waffles and the oatmeal sitting at the bar, and they were the best waffles I've had....and the best oatmeal I've had at a restaurant.  The waffles were TO DIE FOR!!!  SUPER crispy, yet light, fluffy and moist on the inside served with a vanilla  bean butter.  The oatmeal was creamy and delicious.. . I had a flight to catch so the bartender was super attentive without being annoying, my food came out really fast, and they kept the place really clean.  Overall, such a pleasant experience.  What a fantastic restaurant!
We came here on Thanksgiving night since after a whole day exploring The Strips we were exhausted and it's on the same floor as our suite. We were introduced to have rillette salmon for appetizer and lamb leg for entree. . . The Rillette was amazing. I have never had salmon in such form before, it's so smooth and creamy.. . We would love to come back again.
Pretty much perfect. Unless you want low carb or gluten free. Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Also perfect for mothers day! Ask someone in the hotel for directions if you get lost.
Before we even stepped on the plane, we knew that Bouchon would be one of our stops during our visit to Vegas. We had read plenty of professional raves but it was Anthony Bourdain's recommendation that genuinely solidified the decision (Bourdain is an idol of mine). . . As mentioned by others, it is (by all means) a "hidden" gem. (See my "tip" for how to locate it). Once we made the circuitous trek, we were politely greeted and had less than a ten minute wait for a table (for brunch). And, the brunch menu is wonderfully diverse.  Those who wish to indulge will find plenty of options ... likewise for those who wish to eat lightly or heart-healthy. Happily, the menu is extremely inclusive.. . The atmosphere is airy, immaculate, and welcoming. The servers are immensely helpful and charming (they even humored our not-so-sparkling French). . . Our party's large order was brought simultaneously (so there was no awkward wait-time for all food to arrive ... no cold eggs, no chilly fries). This seems a rarity and we were incredibly pleased.. . Every single person at our table enjoyed their selection. My "Le Jardin" was a lovely combination of freshly sliced (perfectly ripe) tomatoes (I cannot even tell you the last time I received a "perfectly ripe tomato" at any eatery), cooked spinach (lightly salted with a touch of garlic), brioche, and eggs. It was a nutritious, yummy way to begin a day of otherwise indulgent behavior. Interestingly, one particularly voracious eater noted an initial disappointed with the "portion" and quickly realized how the amount of food is actual "just right." He was accustom to American excess ... you will not see that here (with the exception of the French fries ... which arrive in a massive pile and were delicious). . . The cuisine was delicate, nuanced, and (ultimately) tasty. The experience was an absolute delight ... completely removed from the din and chaos of this frenetic area (which we love and completely immersed ourselves in the second we left Bouchon). Visit Bouchon as a respite ... as a moment of clarity in an otherwise "blurry" adventure.
Excellent food.  That is all.
One word for this: EXTRAORDINARY!. . THE PLACE. The restaurant environment and vibe is really great. It was homey, it was upscale and it was really clean and organized. It makes you feel like you are in Paris and not in Las Vegas. The place is easy to be found and they have big table for groups. . . THE FOOD. For me, the food is really good. I went there for brunch and they have a lot of different kind of food. As we went there in a big group, we were able to order a lot of different kind of food, thus allow me to taste a lot of them. For me, I ordered the Croque Madame. i have eaten Croque Madame in different places, and this one is the one on top of my list. The presentation is beautiful and the toast is really soft, plus, when you eat and put the food in your mouth, it melts in your mouth and the combination of the toast, the ham and the egg plus the sauce is just out of this world. The corned beef hash is also super great. It blends in your mouth. One of the primary highlights is their homemade. You MUST order the jam. It was not too sweet, but the taste is really soft and nice. I can even eat it with nothing and only the jam.. . THE SERVICE. The service is fast, and our server was really nice as she kept on asking us whether we need anything or not and when we asked her to bring something, she did not delay it and always came back with a smile on her face. The service is just extraordinary. They were super friendly and they were also willing to take care of the splitting the bills which are a little bit complicated as there were about 12 of us.. . THE PRICE. The price is acceptable for brunch. Although it may be a little bit expensive, but the portion they gave is suitable with the price. Plus, it was located in Venetian. I can also taste that they are only using the freshest and expensive ingredients for the food, so, overall, the food was worth the price.. . P.S: At the end, they gave us free 15% discount for the bakery. Superb!
Very impressive.  Yes, Las Vegas has many great restaurants, but what I find frustrating is that many are situated off casinos, and are dark, windowless spaces.  Bouchon is a gorgeous space with wood paneling and floor to ceiling windows overlooking a lovely pool/garden area.  . The food was exceptional and I have had many mussel dishes, but this was one of the best.  We all commented on the unique dish it was served in.  Everyone at the table was very happy with their meals.  A great night!
Came here for brunch twice, and both times it was fantastic. The first time I had the quiche, and it was by far the best quiche I have ever had. It had this smooth consistency and literally would just fall apart in your mouth. Cooked just right. Also tried a little bit of everything else on their brunch menu, since I was with a bunch of my girls for a bachelorette. Everything was great. But what stood out was the great great service we had from our server. She was hilarious and so welcoming. Really made our experience really fun. . . The second time I had the hash and the boyfriend had the steak, and both dishes were fantastically done. The flavors were so amazing and we left feeling so stuffed - great great meals.
As soon as we knew we were headed to Vegas, I knew we would be dining at Bouchon.  We patroned TK's French Laundry on our honeymoon and I have been a TK afficionado ever since.  Just amazing, beautiful food!. . I easily made a reservation via OpenTable and also made a note to tuck my $20 OpenTable gift certificate inmy wallet for use at Bouchon.  I also requested to sit by the windows based on my fellow Yelper's reviews, and that request was honored.  Yay!. . We were quickly seated, walking past the amazing looking oysters (which I don't even like!), to a beautiful table that overlooked a courtyard at the Venetian (might actually be a pool, but it was dark).  Our waitress immediately greeted us with enthusiasm and introduced us to the menu.  Having eaten a later lunch at Otto Enoteca and still being on EST, I wasn't as hungry as I hoped, which meant that hubby and I decided to split an appetizer and a main course.. . Easy enough - let's get the foie gras terrine!  Yay!  (although the foie gras saute looked equally as good)  The small was plenty for two people - I actually think we left a smidge in there.  The bread that came with it was perfection.  I believe TK is the largest procurer of foie gras in the country, so if I'm going to eat it, I want to have it at one of his spots, because I know it will be the very best I can get.  And it was.  Yummy yum yum.. . We settled on the evening special:  braised beef cheeks (i.e. beef bourguignon) with fresh papparadelle pasta on the side. OMG, amazingness.  Totally the best I've ever ever had.  It was like pot roast, just amped up with perfect herbs, onions, mushrooms, and other veggies.  And that pasta - GROAN.  I almost asked for a 2nd plate of it.  Delicious beyond words.  And again, the portion size was perfectly split between two people.  I don't know what we would have done had I actually ordered my own entree.  Mercy.  I did order a side of the garlic spinach, mainly because I adore sauteed spinach about as much as I adore spaghetti and I just couldn't help myself.  Delicious.  . . Since we stayed at the Palazzo, we were offered a winter specials app for the complex.  I happened to notice that this meant a free dessert at Bouchon, which I happily redeemed for the lemon tart.  It was TART, omg.  I mean, TART.  My lips still pucker up thinking about it!  Hubby got some delicious chocolately dessert that made him happy as can be; I just can't remember what it was.. . Wine was amazing, of course.  My french champagne was perfection and hubby's bourbon cocktail was too.  Our waitress patiently guided us through the various red wine offerings, letting us sample this and that before we found the perfect partner for our braised beef cheeks.  Yummy.. . All in all, terrific service and delicious food and wine made for a super pleasant relaxing dinner, even if I was almost falling asleep in my food since it was essentially after midnight at home.  . . And bonus!  The OpenTable gift certificate was happily applied to our bill, along with the credit for the lemon tart.  No snootiness at all!  YAY!. . I would definitely recommend Bouchon for dinner, but man oh man, the breakfast, brunch, and even poolside menus look just as divine, so if you're having trouble squeezing in for dinner, definitely make an appearance for one of their other serving times.  Yay TK!
I really enjoy having breakfast at the Bouchon restaurant at The Venetian.  . . One of my favorite things to do is to get a table overlooking the fountain and slowly revel in a selection of croissants (Pain au Chocolate and regular) while unhurriedly sipping a cup of coffee. .  . My husband usually orders the French Toast.  While the French Toast is probably one of the most calorie-enhanced dishes on the menu, the its taste is worth a few extra hours at the gym - the dish absolutely melts in your mouth while drowning your senses in the ticklish spender of warm custard and apple-tasting layers of brioche.    . . The service is prompt, dependable, courteous and professional.  Overall, a consistently Ahhhh...mazing breakfast experience.
*Saturday Brunch Review*. . Oh goodness gracious, this place is just lovely.  I'd probably give 4.5 stars if I could because my main menu item choice didn't entirely blow me away, but it was really really good.  I initially gave four stars, then wrote my review and upon reflecting, realized I needed to change it.. . I'd DEFINITELY recommend you go here for brunch.  I've heard the Wynn buffet is also a must for breakfast, but if you're not going to a buffet, I'd say make this place your next stop.  It's really easy to find from the self-parking garage elevators - just follow the signs.. . I came alone (business trip) on a Saturday right at prime brunch hours at 11:30am.  Seemed like couples/groups were getting seated right away no problem, and there were plenty of open seats in the bar area so I snagged one for myself. (fyi they don't take brunch reservations).. . I was promptly asked if I wanted anything to drink, and subsequently checked in upon every 2-3 minutes by 3 different servers behind the bar - not annoying, quite pleasant and kind actually.  Finally I was ready to order!  The breakdown:. . -Coffee - it was good.  I wouldn't say anything to write home about, but nothing wrong with it either.  Bottomless cup is nice.. . -The Beignets - oh holy shit the beignets.  These DID blow me away.  Two large sugar coated doughnuts literally BURSTING with fresh, house-made strawberry jam.  I picked one up and was shocked at how heavy it was.  I tried to break it apart - not so much - jamsplosion!  But seriously, I inhaled them.  They were so so so good.  An absolute MUST if you're a sweets-for-breakfast fan.  The jam is really really incredible.. . -Speaking of jam, I asked about it because I'd heard they make it all in-house, and the server mentioned their jam of the day didn't come with my meal choice, but he would bring me some.  I was under the impression everyone gets baguettes/jam/butter after they order, but maybe not for brunch?  Maybe only if you order specific items?  I'm not sure, but I also didn't care because a) I had beignets, b) he was bringing me their peach mandarin jam anyways, and c) I don't prefer hard breads.  The peach mandarin jam was incredible.  INCREEEEDIBLE.. . -I ordered the Chicken & Waffles (bacon and chive).  They were both very very good, but I've had better (in the northeast, surprisingly).  The tahitian vanilla butter was a nice touch, and I'll say I definitely tried every combination of chicken-waffle-vanillabutter-syrup-peachmandarinjam that was exponentially possible.  The chicken was juicy and moist with crispy skin on one piece but not really on the other, and the waffles were light and flavorful, although the last two i got two ended up being kind of soggy for some reason.  Interestingly enough, the standout of this dish was the mushroom sauce.  Mushroom sauce?  WIth syrup and vanilla butter and waffles?  Weird, I know.  And no, I did not combine it with any of those.  But what I DID get to do was switch between mouthfuls of savory and sweet, and for someone for whom that choice is a CONSTANT dilemma in life (#1stworldproblems), this dish is pretty close to heaven.  But for real, that sauce was essentially the best gravy I've had in my life.  I will likely be dreaming about it, and will try (and likely fail) to recreate it at home.  I might write to Bon Appetit to get the recipe.... . I ordered a cheese danish to go cause a fellow yelp friend said it was amazing - haven't had it yet though.. . Bottom line - a really great breakfast experience, in a nice atmosphere, with delicious food.  I'm glad I went, and I would highly recommend it (if you couldn't tell already).
Bouchon never disappoints.  Over the years, I've had many a good meal there and I plan on continuing to do so.  Everything they do is done with absolute precision and attention to detail, but at very reasonable prices!  Some of my favorites have included a gnocchi entree with chanterelle mushrooms (dumplings were pillowy and irresistible), roast chicken (simple yet perfectly satisfying), and foie gras terrine (decadent but worthy of the calories).  The creme caramel is also a must!  Whatever you decide on, Bouchon will blow you away.
