One thing to get here. STEAK AND EGGS! The best I've found so far in Vegas. It looks a little ghetto and stinky and dirty but sometimes those are the best places to go! Looks can be deceiving. They have pretty cheap tables too!
At $5 a plate for a sizeable steak, two eggs, toast and house potatoes, you won't get a better deal in Vegas. Additionally, everything is cooked perfectly; the steak was deliciously grilled medium-rare, our over-easy eggs were super runny, the buttered sourdough toast was lightly crunchy, and they must sprinkle crack dust on their crunchy-golden outside and hot-and-fluffy inside house potatoes, because we could not stop eating them.  . . I'm told this is THE place to go after a night of partying, but we grabbed a late dinner there sober and it was STILL delicious. And as further proof (not that you need it), the taxi drivers eat there, so you know it's legit.
This is where the locals go, so when you're tired of the overpriced crap on the Strip, come here.. . The restaurant is excellent, the specials are super cheap and always delicious.  The ribs/BBQ area is also delicious, cheap, and always packed.  The NY pizza joint is supposedly run by actual New Yorkers, and it's great too.. . Gambling takes the form of a bank of slot machines (that pay actual coins!  holy crap!), a few low limit blackjack tables, a roulette table, and a craps table.  (I'm sad they got rid of the mini-craps table and replaced it with a full sized one, though.)  Come here if you want to kill some time gambling but don't want to melt your wallet.  There's also a small but comfy sports book, so if you're here with gambler friends and all you want to do is watch the game/race/whatever, there's a place for that too.. . As one might expect from the name, they brew their own beer (and root beer, and egg nog during the holidays) and it is all excellent.  And at $1 a glass (or free if you're gambling, of course), you absolutely cannot go wrong.  You can also take home half gallon "little brown jugs" for later enjoyment.  Try the heffie; you won't regret it.. . Only downside is that this place kind of has the "old" Vegas feel to it, so it's kind of dark and smoky.  But, every place in Vegas is smoky to a degree, so you get used to it I guess.
If you don't like Ellis Island...I don't like you...end of story.. . Dollar for Dollar the best deals in Las Vegas!.. BUT..... DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU ARE IN A HURRY!. . (Note: $6.99 steak special is now $7.99 and beers at the bar are now $1.75 [$2 in the restaurant]). . THE STEAK SPECIAL:. 6 oz thick cut sirloin, green beans, choice of potato (baked, fries, or mashed) salad or soup, bread AND a 20 oz Beer brewed on site all for $7.99. Of course it's not Del Frisco's, McCormick & Shmick's or similar...but it is still way above par for the value.. The steak is perfectly cooked to order 90% of the time. The bread is bland...but on Tuesday's they always have Split Pea soup and it is EXCELLENT. Otherwise just stick with the salad. If Susie is serving that day, request her. Sweetest and hardest working gal in this town.. *Note on service...to keep these prices what they are you have to cut corners somewhere. Servers typicallyhave 5-8 table sections, and typically have 5-7 tables at a time...if you are in the industry RECOGNIZE this and have patience...if you have never worked in a restaurant, SHUT THE HELL UP and have patience.. . THE BBQ: (Only available from 4pm-10pm each day). With players card you can get a half rack for $7.99, a full rack for $11.99 and a half rack, half chicken combo for $8.99 (which is the best deal, but I hate BBQ chicken so stick with the full rack.). These are among the best, and most consistent ribs in Las Vegas. Along with the ribs you get cole slaw (probably the worst on earth), garlic bread, corn on the cob, and baked beans (somewhat smokey and spicy to foil the rich sweetness of the bbq sauce.). The service in the BBQ is a direct result of a constant 45 minute wait from the time. Think of this place like the Soup Nazi, except it's the BBQ Nazis...do not ask questions, you cannot substitute, they don't do to go orders, and they WILL skip you if you complain about the wait. . ******No one under 21 is allowed in the BBQ area****** So don't plan on taking the kids. . . There is also a Metro Pizza inside if you don't like (steak or bbq) which has 2 for 1 slices on certain days (i think monday or wednesday or both). Not the same quality of the restaurants but still good if you don't want to sit down and wait.. . OTHER HIGHLIGHTS:. $5 table games  . Karaoke at the bar 7 nights a week. value of the quality beer (Here again....it's not dogfish head or similar but a great value.) My favorite is the Amber.. Although it's small they still have a sportsbook. Great frequent player program with lots of small prizes and giveaways nightly. . To sum it up...if you are staying at a 5 star resort on expense account this is probably not your place (unless, like me, you like to slum it) But for the locals and those looking for the great deals around town give it a chance...it's dirty, the people aren't exactly supermodels and they are often grouchy....but it has no pretense and it always delivers what little it does promise.
2 entrees each including: filet mignon, green beans, & a baked potato. Along w/ 2 draft beers from their own brewery. All for under $20!!! & it was sooo yummy! Cant beat it :o)
BEST MEAL IN VEGAS:. $4.99 Steak + Eggs: Juicy, fatty steak with 2 eggs, potatoes, and toast w. generous amounts of butter! The steak cut in this deal is much better than the $7.99 deal.. . . NOT WORTH IT IF YOU HAVE TO WAIT MORE THAN 30 MINUTES:. $7.99 Steak + Potatoes: Steak (meat quality is..meh), green beans, soup/salad, fries/baked/mashed potatos, and beer or root beer.. . . NOM NOM NOM FOR THE TRUE BALLERS. MEAT IS GOOOOOD!. $12.99 Prime Rib Dinner: Prime (meat quality is..meh), green beans, soup/salad, fries/baked/mashed potatos, and beer or root beer.. . Both the root beer and beer are great! If you get the $7.99 or $12.99 deal with 2 or 3 friends who want root beer, split an order of vanilla ice cream for a QUALITY float. Start your night with a sugar rush!
love this local gem its a bit of a secret, off the strip, but my go to when I'm in town, feels like visiting family...cheap food, loose slots, cheep bear, shady dudes, skanky women, fantastic! a couple of hours here and you will feel like nicolas cage  in leaving las vegas...pick the minds of the heardened vets @ the bar,,or the lovely ladies @ the cash cage for the ins and outs...serious this the unofficial embassy of vegas
Don't leave Vegas without going to this dive....BBQ Ribs & Chicken (at the Brewery) are the best in town and cheap too (if you have your player's card)!!!
The best bbq ribs and chicken ever.  For around $10 you can have half a slab of ribs and half a chicken, with or without bbq sauce, a side of slaw, beans, corn on the cob and slices of bread.  Those are your only options.  Either way, it's definitely one of the best kept secrets of Vegas
Oh man. YES YES YES. We felt like we walked through a wormhole and woke up in Vegas circa 1971. This was almost the highlight of our Vegas trip.. . Awesome bar, $1.75 22 oz brewhouse beers.. $11.99 prime rib - including a free beer. Plenty of TVs, great service, BBQ place on the corner and decent table games. . . This is a hidden gem locals only place by Vegas standards and it is absolutely fabulous.
Found this place on a French Toast Review Forum. This place had votes for having some of the Best in Vegas (along with Bouchon)! Of course being a Breakfast Feen and a French Toast Junkie (at times), I made my way here... . * I got here on a Sunday morning and there was an anticipated line but the Host noticed I was alone and quickly called me over and sat me right away. My server dropped off a menu pronto, as if I had a reservation waiting for me.. Coffee was poured soon after and order taken as well... . Cinnamon Vanilla French Toast & Bacon: In my opinion, This was the Best French Toast I've had.. It was Pristine in every aspect of what I know a Traditional based French Toast should be. Now, I've had fancy shmancy French Toast with exotic fruits toppings, syrups, bread.. Some were decent some were great but my preference with French Toast is simple but done well. This particluar one was hands down, bow down, and praises to the chef/cook.. is on the top of my list. . . The saltiness of the long and medium cooked bacon (they weren't the 90% fat strips or short well done crispy strips) just brought it home! . . * Busser here was so attentive, well mannered, very friendly and very fast. . . I got better service here than 5 star/diamond restaurants!!! French Toast is A 100% Must Try for those of you that appreciate an exceptional straightforward blue collar approach that would rival the Best of em'! Atmosphere felt fine and comfortable (like any other 24 hour cafe/diner). To top off the icing, the meal was inexpensive! . . This little casino packs a Big French Toast Punch!!
This review is for the lunch Steak Special in the restaurant.  I have had it 2 times now and WOW.  It is $8.00.  Serious food for the price.  The steak is not small by any means.  Service is always good and I always leave full.  Considering I can easily spend the same amount at some crappy fast food restaurant, this totally makes sense.
Excellent quaint little spot!  My girlfriend and I always stop by when we're in Vega$. It's not a large place, but they really make you feel like a local with the Vegas style and mood circa 1978. The beers are made there, and taste great! Sooo low cost. I had the Hefe beers and they were ice cold and tasty. We always spend a few hours here, playing Blackjack, slots, enjoying pizza slices, etc. Great place to visit! Note: we stayed at the Platinum Hotel which is also a great spot and within stumbling distance to Ellis Island. 5 stars to the staff as well. There was a girl selling tasty hot dogs on the slot floor for a dollar! She was fun, helpful and nice. Kudos to the mgmt here!
Can I tell you coming here was no disappointment. Not only did I get my moneys worth but dinner came with a free show. We did have to wait a while to be seated gambled with some people close to us on which table we would be seated at (we won) and ended up sitting between to drunk of their butt disoriented groups of men. Who were inevitably thrown out for their crazy behavior. A fight that started over which one of them supported the best football team of all time. Can you say major excitement?? " MAJOR EXCITEMENT" anyways about the food, we all ordered the 7.99 steak dinner and all decided to order a side salad and she told is it would be extra but in the mix and shuffle of the MAJOR EXCITEMENT she forgot to charge us. The food was delicious, I cant complain, everyone at the table cleared their whole plate and personally for me it was perfect portions. You cant go wrong with Ellis Island if you are on a budget.
This is the BEST place to get breakfast for super cheap! Steak and eggs for 4.99 yumm! The steak was perfectly cooked and big. Not nasty like Denny's. Love it! And their root beer is the bomb. I will be coming here every time I visit Vegas for sure.
We ordered a stout and a IPA. Both tasted the same. My woman described both as " cool ranch Doritos". I wonder too why my IPA tastes like her stout. No hop profile. I think both taste like cheap butter. But for $1.75 each pint, I'll drink Dorito crusted butter. The old hag smoking on the other side of the is missing some teeth.
for the restaurant (breakfast). . one of the best chicken fried steaks (pork) I've ever had.. nothing unique but I mean it in a good way.  they don't mess around.  just really well done.  delicious gravy.. the corn beef hash is really good.. . good cheap vegas prices and huge portions.. . i'm hesitant to bring my kids cuz it's right next to the casino and smoky.
1.50 excellent micro brew, 24 food and pizza spot, cheap gambling, strong drinks, what more could u ask for?
My friend took a taxi from the airport to Imperial Palace and the taxi driver told them that they must try Ellis Island Baby Back Ribs for only $12.99. So we unpack our stuff and hunt down this place because we were so hungry.. We finally found it but we had to wait 40 minutes. While waiting, my friend Jesse and I hit up the Blackjack. After 30 minutes or so, we both came up. I won $40 and he won $100. We left the table since we won and our table was coming up. I was hella happy when I won. FREE MEAL!!! LOL. . After winning $40 bucks at Ellis Island, we sat down and ordered the Full Baby Back Ribs for $12.99 with our Players Card. The ribs came with two corn on the cob, side order of bbq baked beans, and cold slaw. All that for $12.99 and the food was freakingjuicy, tasty, delicious, and mouth watering. We wanted to come back here before we head to the airport but we had no time. Next time I am reserving time for Ellis Island BBQ joint!
WAIT WAIT WAIT.......... 5 stars for food and beer only @ the BBQ restaurant next to the brewery.... . OK, Ellis Island is a dump of a casino, it looks old but it has three things going for it...........BBQ baby back ribs, BBQ chicken and onsite brewed beer. They cook the ribs in the parking lot as you enter from Koval.. . They brew their own (multiple beers). $1.75 for an 20 ounce glass...... And they make (non alcoholic) root beer too............... I'm hooked on the lite beer.. . OK, here is my humble opinion. I can drop a $100+ bucks easily on myself for dinner at the right place 7 days a week if I wanted to. I just wanted to be clear that I'm not cheap.. . Ellis Island was mentioned to me about two years ago and I finally went in June 2011. I'm not a fan of BBQ because I don't like the mess and usually the lack of meat on the rib bones. You WON'T have that problem here. For $13, you can get at least an 18 inch+ rack of baby backs, (BBQ beans, slaw, bread and corn on the cob very average). You can also get a rib/chicken combo. There is a pizza place within spitting distance that serves great pizza by the slice that you can bring to the table (our appetizer).. . I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK........... And I'll get two racks of ribs next time because they were that damn good and cheap.. . BEWARE, IT'S POPULAR, SMALL AND THERE WILL BE A WAIT. SO DRINK UP!!!!. . FYI, It's behind Bally's to the east.
$12.99 for a FULL SLAB OF BABY BACK RIBS. . . That's all that's needed for the review - The End. . . Well, I'll elaborate more because this place rocks. Every Vegas trip should include a visit to Ellis Island Casino. First off the ribs are cheap and good, for $12.99 you'd expect microwaved pre-packaged ribs but NO, these are actually cooked on site on a BBQ (on the patio even!). . I've waited 2 hours to eat these ribs before. People  wait because it's good and filling; Corn, Bread, Beans and Ribs...the perfect meal. The beer is cheap and microbrewed...YES MICROBREWED (try the dark ale).. . The best place about this place...not only is the beer severed in foam cups but the whole place is dark and smells like a wet carpet, but that's what makes this place so awesome. It is a ghetto ass place and doesn't try to mask it...it is what it is and that is an off the strip,  "old school" Casino with no bells and whistles. It really does looks as if the place hasn't been upgraded since 1972 and is owned by some dude named "Lefty"...that's the charm of the place. . . This place has all the attributes I appreciate; Ghetto, Stinky, Cheap...but oh so fulfilling - No, I'm not talking about my old girlfriends either, wait a minute...
Ok, I will admit that I wasn't  crazy about the scenery at this place, but I had the best steak ever for $10...  Great food for cheap prices.  My only other complaint aside from the scenery is that you cant bring in the food from the rib place to the restaurant area, which got on my nerves because we had children with us who only wanted ribs, yet they were on the menu in the restaurant?     . . There's two separate eating areas, one for bbq ribs and one that's just like a restaurant, which confused the hell out of me because if it's in the same casino area, why be so stingy?   Whatever, point blank the food was great and an affordable price too!
Holy crap... just went again and realized beers were $1.75. Is it possible to rate a place 6 stars?
The best steak dinner in Vegas for $8! And it came with a big glass of tasty dark lager too!! We visited on Fri June 17 at 7pm and barely waited 20 minutes for a table. This deal is not on the menu, just ask for it. Our server was excellent, steak cooked just right and tasty. Your meal comes with salad, steak, baked potato, green beans and that tasty beer. This will be one of our regular stops when we visit.
STILL THE UNDEATED HEAVY WEIGHT CHAMP OF FOOD/ VALUE IN VEGAS.. . Beer Still $1.75. Ribs Still cheap with players cards. Wait still sucks, but hell 2 outta 3 aint bad.. . As always friends and neighbors, when it comes to Food, Drink or overall Value...... Always trust a FAT MAN!  :). . Cheers!. . Pat Walters. Anaheim, CA
I love this place.  It's not the most extravagant place in Vegas, nor the friendliest, but I always have the most fun here whenever I come to town.  It doesn't hurt that I always seem to win here too!
I am giving up five stars on this bad boy. This is almost always the first or last place we hit when we visit Las Vegas. This review will serve the Restaurant only. BBQ and Pizza are for another review. The best deal in town for a beer and a great meal. Hands Down. I have had several items here including the steak special, chicken parm, prime rib, and a fried chicken special. All were delicious. Some of these mentioned dishes I've had multiple times and will continue to do so.  It is a smokey locals type of casino. They pretty much always make you wait even if they have many empty tables. It could be to fill up "other tables" in their building for a little while before you eat. It never seems to be as long a wait as the hostess says anyhow. I always look forward to a great meal before lots of drinking in Vegas and a recharge before we drive home. My girlfriend also loves the Cobb Salad. The beer is great. I've had all of them and the root beer. The stek special includes a beer and they are $1.75 for a 22 oz.er. Take a short cab here from your strip hotel. Eat a great meal. Spend very little money and then walk back to your hotel passing the corner where Tupac was shot on the way home. Koval and Flamingo.
This review applies only to the cafe inside Ellis Island and only for the $8 steak dinner. . . Here's the deal - if you want a steak dinner with baked potato or fries, salad, a side veg and a beer for 8 bucks, this is the only place in town.   The kids order the root beer - which is brewed on site, and hubby and I enjoy a micro brew. . . We've had this meal four or five times since we found out about it, and everything has always been perfectly cooked.  The steak is right on, the green beans crunchy, the salad cold and crisp, the baked potato piping hot and just done.  The food is fresh, and not over salted.  Simple, but it hits the spot.  The portions are generous, and we always end up with leftovers.. . Yes, you have to walk through a noisy, smoky casino.  Yes, the wait will be at least 20 minutes.  Yes, occasionally the server's demeanor can be a tad abrupt - but at least they are fast - that's what happens when people pack into a restaurant for an 8 dollar steak.   Don't expect the server to have time for small talk.  We try to be organized so the server doesn't have to make special trips to our table.  We think about how much the same meal would cost us at another microbrewery and try to keep that in mind while tipping.  Why should the server be penalized because the steak is such a good deal?. . If you are delicate about things like cig smoke,crowds and waiting, it might not be worthwhile to you, but it is to me!
The locals roll here for late nights eats. Steak and Eggs for $4.99. The best value. If you have another spot please share. This is a nice cut of meat and cook perfectly.  . . I went the first night and ordered the S & E special finished it and ordered another one. Then went back the next morning. Tasty. I recommend.
WOW!!  . . Hubby's friend recommended us the Ellis Island cafe.  Since we don't feel like buffet, we gave it a try.  We were told there might be a wait of at least half an hour but we got lucky and got seated right when we got there.. . Weren't expecting much judging by the look of the place but boy were we surprised!  Ordered the $8 steak, $12 prime rib and the fish & chips for the little one.  Both the steak and prime rib dinner came with 2 sides, bread, salad & a root beer.  The meat came out perfectly just the way we wanted.  The portion of the fish & chips is huge and it's really really good.  Our waitress was friendly, helpful and service was great!. . We'll definitely recommend it to anyone who's in the area.  It's a gem!
This place is amazing! The $8.99 half a rack of Ribs are the best not only in Vegas but anywhere else I've been from California to Kansas City! A for sure knockout "undercover" spot next time you visit Vegas!
Fantastic.  Just fantastic.. . I came here during dinnertime specifically for the BBQ.  I was told there was a wait time for indoor seating, but I could sit at the outside tables for immediate service.  The decision seemed rather obvious.  It was moderately hot out, but not so bad in the shade.  I placed my order and within 5 minutes was served.  I got the full rack of ribs (after reading all the reviews that recommended it), and I'm glad I did.  It was delicioso, and tasted even better with the BBQ sauce.  All for only $15.. . This place's only fatal flaw?. . The lack of sides.  No baked potato, no french fries, no mashed potatoes.  I've never had BBQ without some sort of spud before.  The plate is served with cole slaw, chili, corn on the cob and bread and butter, though.  But with no option for french fries, I left feeling oddly...unfinished.  (Granted, it took me into half the ribs to realize the lack of it!). . Great ribs.  Great value.  Not so great choice of sides.. . But it comes highly recommended from this dude.
came here with a group of friends after a long night of partying, around 3:30am, had an amazing steak breakfast for $4.99.  We did not waste anymore money on buffets after this.  Period. I was with a large group of 8 ppl and no one had even a crumb left on their plate.
Value rules at this casino and especially its restaurant. I ate here 3 times on a my latest visit to Las Vegas and all 3 meals were excellent. I had the $7.99 sirloin steak special, the $4.99 steak and eggs breakfast special and lastly the $12.99 prime rib dinner. The dinners come with your choice of draft beer selections from the in-house brewery or a root beer. They also include a salad, tasty sourdough rolls & butter, baked potato and a vegetable. For the vegetable they served French green beans (haricots verts) which had been sauteed with garlic, butter and lemon and herbs, I think. They were hands down the best I have ever eaten. This is a busy place and one time I had to wait more than 20 minutes for a table. But you can gamble in the casino while you wait and the announce your name when your table is ready. Service is good and I found absolutely nothing to complain about at Ellis Island.. . There is also a separate BBQ restaurant and a Metro Pizza ere, neither of which I have tried.
I came here last year and that's all it took to get 5 stars! . . The best steak I have ever had in my lifetime and I've had eaten many all over the place, also was the cheapest in price! I don't know how this was only a 4/5? This place not only had the best steak but the best price for it plus 2 large sides that I couldnt even finish due to the LARGE STEAK for $10. Also had the best ROOT BEER in the world! It tasted like Dr. Pepper to me, but damn the best Root Beer/Dr Pepper ever. Made fresh as well. . . If you want to come and save some $$$ with GREAT FOOD come to Ellis Island everyday on your visit and you wont be disappointed one bit and your poop will be larger than life! lol! I know when I turn 21 the first place Im going to is ELLIS ISLAND..with that being the last place as well!
Food is really good. Their country fried steak is really good especially the mash potatoe
This review is for Metro Pizza and the Chicken and RIbs BBQ Restaurant within the casino.. . UGHHH!! I don't know where to begin!! Metro pizza?!?! That cutie behind the counter tossing the dough in the air? Yes, he caught my eye. LMAO! He may have been the reason I bought a whole pieright after I just ate some ribs and chicken from the dining area next door. lol JK! He wasn't the reason, although he was easy on the eyes.  . Okay in all seriousness, (hehe) Metro pizza is one of the best pizzas I've ever had in my life... Real talk. Thin crust, melt-y velvety cheese, crispy pepperoni and mushrooms that were just mushrooms. haha. There is something about their sauce that just had a BITE to it. Nothing like I've ever tasted before.. very yummayyy!  I loved how they sprinkled pepper on top the pizza too.. totally complements the crispy crust. They don't skimp you on the toppings nor do they overload it.. Whatever they are doing to their pizza they are doin' ittt rightttt..  these guys knowww pizza. . . The BBQ restaurant is separated from the main cafe.  Honestly, my sis and I were too hungry to wait 45 mins. for a table there so we got a table at the cafe.. After finding out we couldn't get ribs at the cafe we got up and decided to just wait it out.  It was worthhhh the 45 min. wait.  They only have 2 items on the menu.  Chicken and Ribs.  We all got combos.  It came with 2 pieces of garlic bread, side of beans, cole slaw and corn on the cob. I don't remember the prices, I'm thinking it was about $16.99.  That's like a super deal.  They give you half a freak'n chicken and half a slab of ribs.. I was a bit hesitant about getting the chicken because most of the time, BBQ chicken is dry and a chewie.. But did this place prove me wrong.  My bf never eats chicken breast but he loved it.  It was so moist and juicy. Amazing.  Ribs pulled off the bone easily.  Sauce was perfect to my tasting.  Not too heavy and thick..  If your a fan of rootbeer, try it here.  They brew their own beer and rootbeer. :). I can't say much about the service.  There were only 2 men working the rest.  Seating people, taking orders and serving food.  They checked on all their tables when they had a free hand.  Very friendly guys!!. . I'd hate to let the secret out.. it would be a shame if this place were to be flooded by tourist and such, I'm sure Mr. Elvis wouldn't appreciate it. haha.(If you've been there, you know exactly who I'm talking about. Sweet man.)  Will I be back?!?! MOS. DEF.. OVER & OVER & OVER AGAIN.
I'm only rating the BBQ Brewery/Restaurant of the Casino.  I'm not a big meat eater but I will always come here for their ribs when I'm in Vegas.  You can't beat their price for the amount of food you get!  AND IT'S DELICIOUS?  It's like heaven in your mouth, I tell you.  . . There are only 4 items on the menu:. - 1/2 BBQ chicken. -1/2 rack of ribs. - full rack of ribs. - combo (half rack of ribs and half BBQ chicken). Prices range from $12-$14 (I think). Their beers on tap is only $2!. . . Every order comes with BBQ beans, cole slaw, buttered corn, and garlic toast.  There usually is a long wait unless you get their early enough (I think they open at 4) but the wait is definitely worth it!  We waited 45 minutes for the 6 of us and NONE of us regret doing so. . . If youre in Vegas, you need to get your butt off the strip and come here for some ribs!
There might not be a better value in Vegas. Inexpensive, tasty micro-brews - including fantastic rootbeer - and the food is terrific! Sure, the property is older and the gaming might not be all that flashy but you can't beat the bargain.
ooooo... . im a 5star whore just giving 5s out like nothing... . no! but it really is that good!. . well let me see... . i was here one weekend. friday sat sunday.... And to have steak and eggs a total of 6x during our stay would probably mean steak and eggs overload. BUT ITS JUST THAT GOOD.. . ahhhhh... . it was my first time having over easy eggs... but with that buttery toast it just all melts in your mouth. . FORGET THE BUFFETS. FORGET THE FINE DINING. FORGET THE MAJOR HOTELS . FORGET THE CHAIN FOOD STORES. . REMEMBER ELLIS ISLAND CASINO AND BREWERY. . it doesnt matter what time you come its worth it. Cheap and good food. WILL RETURN EVERYTIME IM IN VEGAS
Three local hangout with delicious food and awesome pricing. The main restaurant inside the casino has the best steak dinner deal. The beef taste like prime for the price of choice (soup or salad, steak, baked potato and string bean for $7.99).. . Another great deal is at the BBQ restaurant - one full slab of pork rib, baked bean, cole slaw and texas toast for $12.99. How can you beat this!. . The last restaurant within this casino is the Pizza joint......LOVE their Thursday BOGO, either slice or whole.  The pizza is east coast style (thin and chewy). It bring me back to my childhood in Boston
Went to Vegas for my first time this past July! In the 5 days I was there, I went to Ellis Island twice! Reasonable prices, awesome home-cooked food! I'm from a small Italian community in West Virginia and am very used to good cookin' like this restaurant! The root beer was awesome and the hospitality was like being at home! Karaoke is awesome too! I recommend Ellis Island to anyone who is going to Vegas!. . Don't get too full (I know the portions are gigantic) but you MUST try the desserts!
We ate here for breakfast and dinner because the prices were very affordable. A friend gave rave reviews about this spot and she didnt lie. For breakfast I had the steak and eggs for $6 and it was surprisingly tasty. For dinner on a different night, we ordered the ribs which were amazing.  The rib dinner specials come with two small slices of bread, a small side order of cole slaw, baked beans and two small corn on the cobs for $9 for the 1/2 ribs and $12 for the full ribs.  The entire meal was delicious and finger looking good.  If you're ever in Vegas, dont sleep on this establishment for the food. The casino on the other hand looked a bit run down and old school and it's not too far off from the strip. Its behind Bally's and around the corner from Platinum hotel.
Best place in Vegas! Breakfast burrito is the best!! It doesn't matter if you are looking for breakfast, lunch or dinner Ellis is the place to go! With $1.75 beers! and fresh BBQ... it is just perfect!
I absolutely LOVE this place! The slots are loose and the food is awesome! Let me start at my personal favorite Ellis Island BBQ- seriously, the best deal on ribs anywhere! You can get a HUGE plate with 2 corn on the cobs,2 slices of bread, slaw, BBQ beans and 1/2chicken/ 1/2 ribs for $10.99!!!! And in the restaurant in the far back they have great steak night owl specials that rival any around town. This is a must go to for anyone in Vegas!!!
Best deal around. Steak, baked potato, green beans for $7.99. Large piece of beef too, no skimping. Grace, our server was delightful!
Good spot for cheap eats in Vegas and the food is delicious. Highly recommend the BBQ between 4&10 PM...some of the best BBQ I've ever had!. Downside is the fact that it's a smoking casino but if smoke bothers u do have the option of dining outside.
Who doesn't love Ellis Island? It is a hidden gem for locals, I would say tourists but we like to keep them out of the place. =) . . The karaoke lounge is the best people watching spot around. Get yourself enough hard lemonades (at $1.75, who can beat it?!) and you might even butcher a classic Bon Jovi hit. Don't worry most people aren't laughing at you, they are laughing with you and probably singing along! . . I just recently tried their cafe and their 24/7 steak special is my new favorite thing. For $7.99 you get a decent steak, potato, veggies, bread, AND an EI beer or hard lemonade. Definitely worth trying out if you're on a budget like I am. . . The center bar is always a great place to be entertained but beware of the sleezy dudes who might try to pick up on you. I can't comment on how good the gaming is because I always lose. =(
Love this place, especially their beer. Best breakfast after a night out. Wonderful hamburgers, too. Casino is not the best, but the food is a can't miss when we are in Vegas!
Get the streak and eggs special for $5.99 you won't be disappointed. The cheapest and best meal I've had yet.. . I got my eggs scrambled and my steak well done. Potatoes were decent and toast was good.. . I want to eat it again it was so cheap and delicious. Going to be stopping by for breakfast and dinner.
This is the best deal in Vegas, you can't go wrong with all the choices and specials on the menu.  You can get a full rack of ribs for 12 bucks, a 10 oz. steak for 8 with all the fixings and a free beer.  Their beer is delicious.  It is made fresh there and they are 1.75 for a 20oz beer all day long.  The service is great and so are the people. It is a little dive-y, but that is what makes this brewery and casino great.. . If you're into Karaoke, this is the spot to be! Every night you can witness what most people tell stories of...you just gotta check it out for yourself!
I walked over to this place specifically because of Yelp reviews and it was worth it. . A cold front had moved through the town and the walk over was cold as a witch's tit, but when I walked in, the place was warm, the booths were old school dark red vinyl and the waiters and waitresses were there to serve you food. . I like attractive waitresses, but they're usually more busy trying to remember how to play a C chord for their indulgent singer songwriter show that night or where they left their keys after they blacked out the night before. . This wait staff was cool. They were there to serve food hot and quick. . . Had the chicken fried chicken and it was AWESOME!  Huge portions, served piping hot, crisp as can be, came with some good sourdough rolls and delicious mashed potatoes.  Oh and really good Root Beer made at the brewery. And the prices made sense. You're not paying 4 more bucks per plate just so you can say it's "on the strip". . I realllly dig this low key place.
We go to Ellis Island first thing in Vegas pretty much everytime. It is good to eat a nice big meal before the whirlwind begins.. .  It was crowded mid week due the all the cowboys in town for the rodeo. we had no wait for a table for the first time.. . .   Sat right down and got an Amber Ale quickly. I ordered the Southern Fried Chicken and my wife ordered the Cobb Salad, no chicken, no bacon, she is a vegetarian and this salad always makes her happy. I believe it came with garlic bread. Nice sourdough rolls were brought out also. I also ordered mash potatoes because they are old school cafeteria brown gravy delicious. The chicken comes on a platter with a ton of steak fries and really good cole slaw. I got a wing, a leg, a thigh and a breast.I could not eat it all. Which is crazy.  It is just really good fried chicken, that is all I can say. I have had a bunch of other stuff there and it has all been good. They are famous for the steaks for good reason, but if you like fried chicken and beer, you should try this place. . . It is also a good place to gamble.
WOW! This place is awesome! I'm so glad we went here after a long day of drinking & gambling! I ordered the NY steak and shrimp with a side of green beans and rice pilaf, and my fiance got the prime rib dinner meal. Portions are BIG and the price for all was less than $40 with tip!!! Service was fast and efficient, and we didn't have to wait to be seated.. . If you're all fancy and stuff (you might not like the atmosphere). This place is not on the strip and it's an old school casino right next to a motel. There's a lot of locals that come and eat here also. The casino seemed fun, but I'll try my luck here next time when we come back.
2 days I had a strip steak at The Cafe if you can believe it.  That should tell you how darn good their food is....darn good!!!!. However, unfortunately The BBQ doesn't open until 4 pm and if you get there later you will have to wait awhile to get it (30 minutes, 20 minutes).  But the food I saw people eating--and the price I heard they paid for it (so inexpensive for the quality)--has me planning a trip to The BBQ there next trip to Vegas.  Dang but the bbq rigs looked fantastic!!!  I mean FANTASTIC!!!. Only drawback to this place is all that smoke from the casino...cough, cough...if you can hack that you can eat there.  Actually The Cafe doesn't stink inside but still...walking thru all that smoke is no treat at all.  Just focus on the wonderful dinner you will have once you get thru all that smoke...it's worth it.
This place is a diamond in the rough. You must come here and get the prime rib, with potatoes and green beans AND soup PLUS any Ellis Island beer you want for $12.99
This place is a must see. Excellent home brewed beer. $8 steak special (not on the menu). Amazing ribs.. . Make sure you buy the American Casino Guide as it has a $10 slot match play, 4 free drinks at the bar and 50% off food coupons.  I got drunk and ate like a king for ~$12 after tax and tip.. . They are always packed but service was good and all the waiters are appreciative.  Only a few blocksoff the strip too!
Awesome - walked to Ellis Island from the strip one morning and discovered  Manny the bartender. Great beer, great prices and wonderful employees. Went back the next morning before our flight. If your in Vegas  check this place out. Manny - see you next year.
This is THE place to get good and CHEAP steak!. . Depending on when you go, you have two choices:. . $4.99 Steak, eggs, hash-browns and toast. (Only on Weekdays 11pm - 11am; Weekends 11am - 2pm.). Or . $7.99 Steak special. Comes with veggies, mashed potatoes(or fries or baked) and a beer/root beer.. . We were here twice and both times I had the $7.99 special. The mashed potatoes were damn good. The steak was perfectly medium rare (though my other friends were not as lucky, so it's kind of a hit/miss but they come fairly close to what you order). Their hefeweizen was alright.. . The best part about this place is that you can eat for free. I'm not sure if it was a special or not, but after we ate, we went to the other side of the casino and signed up for the membership. It's free to signup and you get $10 of free game play. You play a bit and you have a chance of winning a couple of bucks, then just cash out and you just got yourself a free dinner. :). . I'm definitely going to come back to this place.
Of course it is a dump....But the Ribs and the pice value is Out of this world !!!! The best place in town for Ribs.
24/7 $8 Steak specials which include veggies potatoes and a beer!  Went here a few years ago when I was last in Vegas and it was the best meal of the whole trip!  Ellis Island is only 1 street away from Bally's parallel to the strip.  It's got plenty of other food deals as well , like brunch, BBQ (usually lines) and Pizza deals.  The crowd here is usually laid back and calm older but nice people.. . I would recommend this place to any / everyone coming to Vegas for at least 1 meal!
My husband and I really love this restaurant.  We are retired and our dining out budget is limited.  The food tastes great and the menu is varied enough that we have a good selection every time we go.  The prices suit our budget & the fact that the casino is good makes this a twice a month afternoon out.  My husband loves the unadvertised steak special.  After all where else could you get a top sirloin with all the fixings including a beer for 7.99.  I enjoy the chicken fried chicken which is excellent.  Ellis Island really knows to make delicious mashed potatoes & gravy. You should give it a try.
We travel often to Vegas every year;  this is the place we most look forward to visiting -  for the food, the people and  the gambling.  The steak and eggs special is the best in Las Vegas and the service has always been fantastic. Every steak we've ever ordered rivals that of a more upscale Ruth Chris - you simply won't get a better deal. The BBQ special is always packed, and Metro pizza for 3 bucks a slice while playing the slots is a snack worth getting.  Let the karaoke singers serenade you while you partake of the vice of your choice - it's totally entertaining!
Awesome spot in Vegas. Meals are super cheap but are awesome quality. My favorite spot to chow down near the strip.
Awesome cheep food. Great steak special. You get a whole meal and a beer for the price of a beer on the strip. Metro pizza is awesome too.
What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas...what a pity, if only I could bring back gallons of beer from Ellis Island.. . I came here for the first time for breakfast. While everyone else had scrambled eggs and bacon, we had the $8 steak special with a glass of beer. Steak is good for its dirt-cheap price, but the green beans were pretty awesome - buttery and tasty.. . Beer takes the main stage here. This place has one of the best beers of microbrews anywhere. The amber ale I got was so nicely balanced. However, amble ale is hard to make, and sometimes they do taste over-roasted. The other killer beer is the light lager, which has such an intense smell and taste of sweet malt (for a "light" beer, no less). The hefe and dark beer are all really good (well, fresh hefe are usually good), but light lager and amber ale are always the first two I get.. . During subsequent visits, I've come to realize that their pizza is good and the bbq ribs meal is awesome (this is another semi-hidden secret). This place is a cult.
This place is seriously the best deal in Vegas period. Going to Ellis Island for breakfast/brunch and to play cheap blackjack is a ritual among my friends. As soon as you walk in, you will know why because there is always a wait of 30mins or longer at this establishment. If you are reading this review, I'm sure you are all aware of the $5.99 steak and eggs deal (not on the menu) as well as the 7.99 steak dinner deal. I get these every time I'm in Vegas. . . Service is good. Just be aware that it may be slow depending on how many ppl are there. But you're in Vegas, I'm sure you can find a way to kill some time. By the way, they brew their own beer which is great to be honest. Seriously this place is a gem.
this place is freaking awesome.. 15 bucks for a salad, bread roll, prime rib, baked potato and a beer... that's ridiculous.. as long as you can stand the cigarette smoke and all the old people here.. this is definitely a place to check out if the casino gets your money and you still want good meal
Vegas, Vegas, Vegas!. . Went last year, stayed at Hooters with free rooms and good accommodations. We were looking for a good steak and egg breakfast place, locally and the operator at Hooters told us we HAVE to go to Ellis Island. We listened.... . It was AMAZING! $5.99 for a good size piece of steak, eggs, potatoes and toast is too good to be true! I ordered a bloody mary, it was 4.50! Haha, this place is so cheap and awesome. . . Old school for sure!!! But you have to "ask" for the special. Enjoy!
I'm going to be reviewing not the actual casino, but the BBQ restaurant they have here. That was pretty amazing. You get some awesome cheap beer and amazing (and wonderfully priced) BBQ. PS. Get a players card.. . I ordered a half-rack of ribs and they accidentally gave me a full rack of ribs. They charged me for a half-rack, though. That was awesome, to say the least.. . My three guy friends all got the chicken and ribs combo. I would never have been able to finish it. So there's plenty of food in the combo deal for you boys to get full on.. . I am definitely excited to be back for it.. . Also, it opens at 4pm but you might wanna get there at 3pm to get a number or else the wait time will be awful. We got in very quick since my friend and I went there around 3. After you finish, please skedaddle so they can serve the line :).
HANDS DOWN!! BEST PLACE IN LAS VEGAS TO EAT!! For prime rib and a beer all for $12.99. I found Ellis Island on Yelp.com and we were never disappointed, not once. Our waitress Grace was a delight, smiling, and more than attentive. We actually hung out in the casino for a while afterwards. We will most certainly be back on every trip! I read the breakfast here is amazing so I hopefully can experience this on my next trip to Las Vegas.
MY review is for the BBQ place inside only, not the Casino or the other restaraunts (they have a family restaraunt, a pizzeria, and a bar area with microbrew beer). . Wow.  wowow.  Now this is BBQ.  I have to say this place is my number one place for BBQ in the US hands down.  I've eaten here four times and it never fails to disappoint, it is a tender BBQ plate with BBQ Corn and all the other sides as well are great.  come here on off hours if you don't have time for waiting, because if you come here during mainstream mealtime you will have at least a 45 minute to hour and a half wait.. . Food Channel did a review on this place as well, and rated it very high, while I found out about the place from a cabbie I did find the review via google.. . This is a can't miss when you are in Vegas, but don't be suprised by the actual casino itself, this is very much an off strip casino (behind Bally's)  Casino it is dark, smokey and not appealing otherwise the food.
This place is soooo GOOD and sooooo CHEAP! . . Venue: Slightly off the strip. Best to just take the taxi there. The restaurant is inside an old ghetto casino. Old casino diner type place. Came here on thurs 12am no wait.. . Service: Very friendly staff.. . Food:. King cut prime rib (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=CA0rpZTDLC1UDZ1pARWJLQ) - $12.99  Comes with a tall sized beer and salad. Salad was nasty should have opt-in for soup. Prime rib was Really really GOOD! Especially for the price!! It's definitely way better than prime rib they serve at the buffets in vegas. Nice, Juicy and Tender... . Ny steak and eggs special (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=ijDx9t3kG5Lw58dIQfC5cQ) - $5.99 (Only on Weekdays 11pm-11am and Weekends 11am-2pm) A decent sized juicy and tender steak. Comes with eggs any style, toast, and hashbrown. The food quality was definitely way better than other cheap steak places.. . Price: CHEAP!. . Overall: Would definitely want to come back every time I go to Vegas.
This place is one of the best Deals in Las Vegas! $7.99 Gets you an awesome Prime Rib Dinner with all the fixings and includes a 20 oz Micro Brew of your choice! Loved it!
My favorite housemade root beer in town, 2 bucks for a big ole glass. It's really good.
The wait here for the BBQ restaurant can be over 2 hrs long. It seems better between 2 and 4pm. They have their own brewery. This is dive-y feeling casino with a few hipsters around. It's very mellow, though feels darker then most other places. During the warmer times of the year they have outdoor events, like hot dog eating contests. They steak house here is also very good, with a minimal line. This is a must try place in LV. One of my favorite.
I thought by day 3/4 in our Vegas trip I would be totally spent, but something about Ellis island infused me with all sorts of energy.  Maybe it was the gigantic turkey leg, maybe it was the raffle with tons of gifts, or maybe it was the free beer.  All I can say is, it WASN'T the hot dog eating contest... as cool as it was to watch, I felt physically ill and I wasn't even participating!. . What Ellis Island may lack in the big strip pizazz, it makes up for in charm and guile.  Cheap, delicious food, karakoe, and a super friendly staff all make for a great experience.  We were fortunate enough to meet Mike who was running the event we attended, and he was a total boss.  We were totally taken care of, and even obliged in our ridiculous scavenger hunt requests.  . . I know that Vegas is known for good customer service, but I guess I just did not expect to be so warmly welcomed throughout my stay.  This event was just a great example of the kind of things I enjoy;  a backyard BBQ feel with a live band, great food, great friends, and a fantastic host.  I even won some money at the Blackjack table.  It doesn't get any better than this.  . . Turkey Leg!. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=SICcD3aU6LmtyFMrWrAQKA
BBQ was AWESOME! . Wait us usually long, plan about an hour to get seated. They start taking names at 3, opens at 4pm. Seating area is small, booths good for parties of 2-4. 21+ only!. . For Club members 12.99 gets you a rack of ribs, corn on the cob, beans and cole slaw! What could be better! Ribs were meaty! BBQ was great! Micro Brew beers were $2!! Totally worth the wait! Definitely will be back next time I am in town!!
this 5 star review is only for the $5.99 steak and egg breakfast that they serve in their little restaurant every day after midnight til the wee hours in the morning.  You can also get a steak dinner for 7.99 if memory serves me right.. . Talk about a hidden local gem.. . If you are hankering for that cheap breakfast deal in the middle of the night - head over to Ellis Island Casino, which is a few blocks off the strip.. . It's a decent size ny strip steak, eggs cooked to your preference, potatoes and toast.  Yes - it's not Prime restaurant worthy steak, but it's not bad considering it's a decent cut of steak.. . The dining room can get kinda full on the weekends - obviously a lot of people come stumbling in here after a hard night of partying....so keep that in mind when you come looking for a deal in the middle of the night.
I recommend EI for locals and tourists that are seeking a genuinely FUN night! Inexpensive drinks, great pizza, small comfortable atmosphere, and most importantly, the Karaoke! Extensive song selections, supportive crowd, it's like home. Plus there are frequent visits from local celebrities like Joey Fatone! :)
Best ribs around. I'm not a drinker, but they do make their own pretty good root beer. You must get to this place around 430-5pm because otherwise there will be a wait up to 2 hours. All my friends hit this place up each visit. Love that its off the strip (1block) and close enough that you dont get lost on your journey. The restaurant inside is great too, but I dont come here for that.
So you don't have a lot of money to spend on dinner because you lots almost all your money on the Wheel of Fortune slot machine, so what are you going to have for dinner?  Well, you need to come to Ellis Island and check it out.  The only thing I've ordered from here is the $12.99 Prime Rib dinner.  I love love love me some prime rib and this place does not disappoint.  The portion is very decent, it comes with a side of garlic green beans and your choice of baked potato, fries, and I think a few other things.  You get your choice of soup or salad. And the best thing for me is their house brewed root beer.(I'm not a fan of beer)  My Bf always goes for the beer since you have your choice.  Oh, and if you want to order another beer or root beer, it's only $2.25!. . The service is hit or miss.  The first time we came here, it wasn't too good.  But the second time around, we had the same waiter and it was really good.  Now the only bad thing is the wait, sometimes it's long, sometimes it's not.  I believe it depends on what time you come and how many people are in your party.  We came the second time around 9pm and were told that it would be a 35min wait.  Less then 10 min later, we were seated.. . They have a huge variety of food, so if you're not a prime rib person like I am, they have filet, fried chicken, breakfast, fish, appitizers.  Basically American food.  Everything is reasonably priced and you can't go wrong coming here.
Came out to Vegas on vacation with friends.  We stumbled on this casino/restaurant by walking to it from the Condo we were staying at.  All i can say was we ate there for dinner every night.  The steak, the pot roast and bbq was hands down awesome!  I will definitely be there when i come out to Vegas again.  The service was great!  We had no problems with getting seated right away even on busy nights.  But like most of the reviews on here, some do get into snags.  My experience was great!
Best place to eat breakfast or BBQ in Vegas.  Great food and great price, it can't be beat.  Trust me try this place!
We found this by chance using Yelp to search for prime rib within walking distance of our hotel !!  What a find, we had some of the best prime rib for the money.  Bake potato, salad green beans and a beer for 12.99 can't go wrong !!
There drinks are cheap, the staff is super friendly, and the karaoke is awesome! I'm from DC originally and our karaoke bars back east pale in comparison to this place. It's loud, obnoxious, and rowdy in all the right ways like any karaoke place should be! Be careful on the cursing though; I sang summer nights with a friend and almost got kicked off stage because I kept forgetting my words and supplementing with that famous four letter word!
Was in Vegas for a few days (3) checked ellis out and became a instant fan...walking distance from the flamingo hotel... had dinner twice ... great prices and tasty food.
Great BBQ! I love there ribs and chicken combo. The beans, corn on the cob and slaw are also very good. I usually get a $2 ipa with my meal and its all the better NO CHILDREN ALLOWED! Please plan accordingly. Make sure you get there early I came in 1 night around 8 and BBQ was all gone.
Best steak special in Vegas!!!  I live in the mid-west (KS) and have my share of great steaks.  $100 steak in KC on the Plaza, home raised steak you name.....Ellis Island is good as all of them!
Cheap eats in their cafe and cheap gaming options make this place worth a visit. Sign up and get free play = leaving full both in your wallet and gut!
Ribs&Beer&Ribs&Beer&Ribs&Beer!. . This off strip casino is a hidden gem. They have the best karaoke bar in the city and absolutely the best rack of ribs around!. . Be prepared to wait to get seated as it is very small but it will be worth it. Trust me. . The only items on the menu are chicken, ribs or ribs and chicken combo. That's it, folks. . . I usually just get the full rack but I have tried the chicken before and it is definitely damn good. The sides offered are a whole ear of corn, beans, slaw and toasty bread. . . I've recommended this place to out of towners and they always come back here when in town!. . P.S- they have a brewery in house and I recommend the Heffeweisen as a personal favorite!
It's the place like to drag a showgirl back to at 3am for a meal (but I honestly don't know if they're open at 3am)  . I like it just at the beginning of an evening - dusk.  . This place is kinda dark and creepy - this is the Las Vegas you've read about.  . Order the Steak Dinner that's off the menu.  Mine was about 10 oz, two sides, a beer and pie for $7.99. And it all tastes great (as long as you remember this is Seedy Vegas)
Love this place! Old school vegas, and the BEST beer deal in all of Las Vegas (that I know of!). Beerwise: quality, price (non-bud drinker here - beer snob if you will!). And the 2 for 1 pizza specials at the Metro pizza inside is fab. Oh, and nice lounge with killer Karaoke, free parking, motel next to it, close to strip, hardly any VIP booths, etc. :-)
One of the best prime ribs I have ever had in my life! What a steal for that price. Love the vibe of this place and will be a must eat destination whenever Im in Vegas. Root beer prime rib dinner all the way! Oh and if you sign up for their players card you get free $10 slot play.  We ended up winning some money too so it ended up being almost a free dinner!
Note: This place has a BBQ restaurant and steak restaurant. This review is for the steak restaurant.. . Wait: We arrived for dinner at around 7 PM on a Sunday. The wait was about a half hour for 2 people, but there are seats for you to sit while you wait.. . Food: The portions were hearty. I had the Chicken Fried Steak (delicious but heavy on the salt and pepper) with mashed potatoes, salad, and mixed vegetables for $8.99. The husband had a 10 oz steak with beer, salad, mashed potatoes, and green beans. He said the beer was good. (This place also is a microbrewery.) I also had a slice of apple pie (for $3.99). There was a slight fishy smell (as if it was placed next to a bowl of steamed shrimp) and portions of the slice were either really warm or really cold, but that didn't bother me because I really did enjoy my dinner overall. :). . Atmosphere: The area around the establishment isn't as clean/safe as the Strip, so just be aware of your surroundings. It's not dangerous though. . . Service: Our server was Carol. She was quick, accommodating, friendly, and helpful.. . Bottom line: I'd give this place a 4.5 but I'm rounding up to 5. (The -0.5 was for the atmosphere and the multi-temperature and fishy smelling apple pie.) The best thing about this place are the prices and portions. (Great value for your money!) It is a nice relief from the overpriced fare on the Strip. This place definitely is a hidden gem, and there is a very high likelihood I shall be returning.
This place really rocks! Although they are really busy, they get to you fast. They told us an hour wait, and about 30 minutes later, we got in. They seem to tell people a long wait even when it may not be.. Thefood is outstanding! Not much selection, but what you get is fresh, good quality, tasty stuff for a reasonable price. What more could you ask for?. I really liked my ribs and my wife enjoyed her chicken. If you don't mind the off-strip location and the pain-in-the-A parking, you will be rewarded with a pretty good dinner, especially for the price!
Awesome food and people! New Vegas fav.  The locals asked how did we find this...like it was supposed to be theirs alone.  Thank you, Yelp!
Great place for locals & the best kareoke in town!! And the steak specials can't be beat!!
Everyone else has already said it -- they have an off the menu $8 steak special, which gets you a decent sized salad, a big slab of steak with potato and vegetable, and a tall cold pint of decent locally micro-brewed beer.  The best deal in Vegas? I should say so!!!. . This place is walking distance from the Strip, and a much better value than what you've find a few blocks away.  I was confused when I first walked in, and didn't know where the restaurant was. It's NOT the barbeque area, where the big vats of beer are, with only a few tables.  It's a more conventional restaurant set-up, on the other side.  They don't take reservations and there is usually a wait, but there's a casino to spend your time in.. . TIP: Sign up for a player's card. You get $10 in free play that you can use instantly. My suggestion? Play something with a relatively high payout like video poker; as soon as you use up the promotional value, you can begin cashing out anything that you earn on top of it. You can easily earn about 75 - 80% of the comp play back at every Vegas casino that gives you comps for signing up for their player's card.. . I didn't see any cocktail waitresses while I was there -- but with $2 (actually good) beers and special $2 cocktails, do you really need them?
Good that I discovered this spot. Great $5.99 steak special. Everything is priced right, good portions. Open 24 hours. Fast and friendly service. What more can you ask for? Will be coming back all the time!!
Ellis Island is the Vegas dream!  Everyone hears stories of cheap steak and eggs or prime rib, but Ellis Island is the definitive Vegas Value!. . Not only is the food damn good, but it's a bargain!. . Examples:. . Prime Rib Dinner w/ baked potato and a beer under $14.. . Steak Dinner w/ Sides and a beer under $9.. . Whole Rack of Ribs w/ 3 sides under $14.. . Chicken and 1/2 Rack of Rib Combo w/ 3 sides under $14.. . These meals can definitely feed you for lunch or dinner with leftovers for drunk munchies late at night.. . For a complete Vegas experience, check this place out!
Love this place! You can't beat the $7.99 steak and beer deal!You have to ask for it though since it is not on the menu!  It comes with a pretty decent filet, a choice of either soup or salad (broccoli cheese is my fav!) a side of green beans and your choice of potato side and also your choice of a tall house brewed beer or their own made root beer!!!  It gets very busy around dinner, so if you do not want to wait to be seated in the main dining room, you can ask to be seated at one of the tables in the bar area, a lot more room and much faster service! Everything I have tried has been great. Every time family or friends come out to Vegas for a visit, we always go!
First visit to Ellis Island, went for breakfast.  Great food and great prices!  I had the ham steak and eggs, my husband had the steak and eggs. Both were very good. Will be back.
This is the best value and the best kept secret in Las Vegas.  I hate to review it for fear I won't be able to get a table next time I am here!  The prices are going to throw you because of how low they are, but don't let that stop you!  You will be shocked by the amount of and quality of the food.
Wow! This place makes any loss in Loss Vegas just a little easier to deal with. The prices and food are outstanding. The staff is very fast and courteous. The food comes out fresh and hot, and the beers on tap are only two bux!! Great eats in Vegas baby!!
It ain't the overpriced, over hyped LV Strip casino but one block off of the strip ya can't  beat it. Local prices for local people and its just behind Bally's parking lot. Highly recommend it.
$12.99 for a full rack of baby back ribs!. Make sure you get the players card and print out a discount coupon first. Paired with the $2 hefeweizen. Delicious!!!
This little casino is like the greatest place to go for Ribs!!!!  I never would have thought to go to this casino if it weren't for a friend that told me about this place.  If you do decide to go, be prepared to wait because its so popular especially with the locals that there is always a line and you have to get a number.
Service- A++ I was starving and told the waiter that. He literally ran my soup to me :). . Homemade caesar dressing.  . . Prime-rib was an excellent deal but the spaghetti is just okay.
This review is only for their bar and karaoke.  I went there for some cheap fun off strip. I heard their homemade brews were $1 but it was really 2.50 when we got there.  Still cheap.  Still happy.  Talk about people watching.  There were people who sang like angels, people who sang like rock gods, people who I'm pretty sure were transvestites, and people who were no good at all.  All in all it was a great experience to what Vegas is to locals.  Thanks Ellis!
Super chill. Cheap food and beer. Feels more of a local spot.
WOW. This hidden diamond on Koval is a Winners dream.  The $7.99 Steak special is amazing, and delicious. I went 3 times on my vacation, and it was super service , and great Steak each time. Yummy
Just awesome!!  Just as good as Lawyer's but 1/4 of the price. My favorite prime rib joint in Vegas!!
It's 4am.....walking out of XS, and you realize after your last meal which was 12 hours ago, you're due for some feasting.  Enter the brilliant idea of going to Ellis Island Casino for some late night/early Breakfast specials.  Considering I didn't know what they offered at time, but had a reference to the all day steak special I normally attend to, I was more than pleasantly surprised by the options available.  . . At this point of drunkeness and hunger, anything with eggs and meat seemed most appropriate.  Even the Bills $4.99 Eggs special was appealing, but no no no, enter the last item on the breakfast plate specials at Ellis Island:. . A Country Fried Chicken smothered in gravy with house potatoes, two eggs, and toast for $7.99!!!. . Let's just say it didn't take long to browse through the menu before that decision was made.  The fried chicken was nicely battered and tasted amazing with that gravy.  The eggs were just making it double the better and the house potatoes hidden underneath the toast offered a pleasant surprise and reason to dip food into ketchup.  Ellis Island....you're the best.
Cool place for drinks food and fun! Low prices. Won a lil cash. Got a lil tipsy. This is what I call Vegas Fun!
Best deal on a Prime Rib Dinner I've had in a long time.  Soup or salad, King size cut of Prime and a pint of the house microbrew all for $12.99.  One block off the Strip!  This is where the locals go to eat, drink, watch sports and gamble!  Not a fancy high tech place by any means, just good food and fun!
Great food, service and atmosphere.
Hole in the wall that's right near the corner that Tupac got shot (so you know it's good).. . GET THE BBQ RIBS HERE!!! They are some of the best I've ever had.. . Also get the Hefeweizen here. Not a beer drinker? Grab their root beer. I'm not a fan of root beer but it's supposed to be the best here. They brew all of their beers here on site.. . The ribs are made right there and fall right off.. . My girlfriend will eat like a bird but she cleared a whole rack no problem.. . On my birthday I could have chosen any restaurant in this city of amazing food but I wanted one thing. Ellis Island BBQ ribs. Now that has to saysomething.. . Sorry about the sporadic review but you get the point...GO HERE. . (Don't do the restaurant in the casino, go to the BBQ spot on the side and don't get it twisted haha)
This place is a Winner!!! King cut prime rib w/ free rootbeer (refill included) w/ salad or soup for only $12.99! How can you go wrong???
The place everyone goes to and know one knows about. The hidden gem of Las Vegas. Highly recommended! All the locals rave about it. The deals are great for steaks at the cafe wand very yummy, but the service is slow. The brewery was just remodeled and it's the best deal for BBQ ribs and chicken. Yummmmy!  My husband loves the pizza joint there. The place had everything. They also have great tacky karaoke!
First let me start by saying I haven't exactly been completely sober each time I've been here.  First time I ate at the restaurant and had steak, potatoes, and veggies. I was so excited for real food in Vegas you could've almost charged me anything for it, but it was inexpensive...almost a steal since its Vegas.  They have their own micro-brews and my favorite is their Amber. Its SO good when it hits your lips! . . The most recent time I just played slots, drank, and won more money than I did anywhere else! Always makes for a good time!
My review is strictly for the karaoke only.  I had more fun here than I have ever had karaoking anywhere.  There are some really amazing singers.  We went on a Tuesday night so it started off pretty dead so the rotation went quickly and we got to sing about 3 times each.  As the night wore on, it got more packed and by midnight we were sure we weren't going to get to sing again.  The ambiance and the crowd just makes singing so much fun!  They cheer you on and dance and sing along.  The sound system is great too.  They have TVs all over the bar with the lyrics displayed.  They also seem to have a good selection of music.. . We went back on a Friday night and that place was PACKED to the hilt.  We put our names in and ended up having to wait about 1 1/2 hours to sing.  It was still a TON of fun. . . They brew their own beers and we got the Heffe's, which were delicious.  I hear they have really good food so I'd like to try that sometime.. . This is my new favorite karaoke spot!
One of the Best Deals in Vegas! Prime Rib Dinner with all the fixings for$7.99 and 20 Oz Micro Brew Included!
amazing karaoke every night!. the coolest bouncers/security!. great drinks/cheap & so so so much fun! . . if you are looking for karaoke it is worth coming off the strip to ellis island!
Thankfully i discovered this place while staying at the boring platinum hotel which is next door. Forget everything you have heard about vegas and go to ellis island.  16 oz craft beers were $1 during march madness, discounted from the normal price of $2.  Steak and eggs $5.99, deli, pizza, bbq, etc.  Beware though, its kinda like a dive bar and there is a lot of smoke.
Been coming here since we our honeymoon in 1997. Great place, cheep good food, great tables for learners.
The cafe at this casino is a hidden treasure.. . My family and I go here all of the time specifically for their steak which comes out perfectly every time. Ever since my family started eating here, it has been the only place we go out to to specifically order steak, of all the places in Las Vegas. I usually order the Steak and Shrimp and it is always a meal that fills me up and has me looking forward to eating my leftovers, I have leftovers every time because the portions are great, especially for the price. The dinner salad that comes with a majority of the items on the menu is a salad I always crave because their thousand island dressing is to die for. . . Their food is always freshly made and it's obvious that the chef put time in from preparing the food to plating. . . I recently tried their steak and eggs and fell in love. The portions were again, very big for the price, and the steak had great quality. The breakfast potatoes were light and crisp, and the eggs were perfect, and I'm not the usual egg eater. Even at 11 in the evening, none of our food tasted slacked.. . As far as service, you can't expect too much coming from a cafe inside a casino. It was dimlitted and the hint of smoke is somewhat bothersome, but the food definitely makes up for it. Depending on how busy it is and what time it is, you will either have great service with the waiters constantly checking on you, or a waiter running around trying to do multiple things.. . I give this place 5 stars because it is a great place to eat if you want to get full, and I constantly go back looking forward to a great meal.. . I've heard the other restaurants in this casino are hidden treasures as well, but I have yet to try them. I would definitely recommend the cafe and swing by the sandwich shop as well!
Great BBQ Ribs and Chicken!  This restaurant serves huge portions for cheap prices.  We came to the casino mainly for the food.  The microbrewery serves quality beer for $2.25 and the root beer is better than anything you can in the store.  Clearly the best BBQ dinner that you will find on the strip.  If you enjoy meaty, falling off the bone ribs, this is the place to go.
Five stars for the place that it is. Its not fine dining, its not healthy dining, but its just vegas cafe food. My second time here within a year, both for breakfast. Both times we received great, friendly service and the food was good and steaks cooked to our liking. It's attached to a somewhat smokey casino and its fairly dark in there. I got the New York steak and eggs which came with these crispy potatoes- kind of like deep fried potato cubes- and choice of toast. All for $5.99! Prices are very reasonable and food was good. Would definitely come back.
This place is ... too great to be describe when you want good food and cheap price!!! I had all my breakfasts there when I was visiting LA because that was the first thing that came into my mind when I woke up!!!
Food at the cafe is so good an very affordable.  Who needs expensive Vegas strip hotel buffet when you can eat delicious food here for much less?  It's only 10 minutes walk from the strip.  I had Pasta with marinara sauce and meat balls for $7.99.  It had 3 huge fresh juicy meatballs.  It was the best meatballs ever.  Then I had the Prime Rib for $13.99 which comes with a glass of house brewed draft beer.  The prime rib was so delicious.  It's fresh made everyday, juicy and tender.  I couldn't finish my 12oz prime rib and took back to hotel for the next day breakfast because I had a fridge in my room.  Mashed potato was delicious too.  I could've eaten here everyday and saved  a lot of money.  Highly recommended to everyone.  A lot of local repeaters here.
A vacation kitty favorite! 5 stars! This is a locals casino and the tourist "in the know". The restaurant is great. Ask for the steak special. It is a delicious meal. It's ~$7.99 and comes with 2 sides and a craft beer or root beer. They often give you a $5 match play to use in the casino after dining.The casino is small, but fun. It's not fancy. It's to the point and we like that. Cocktail service is good serving their craft brews in large glasses. Their craft beer and root beer is the best in town. You can walk to this place from the strip. Just go East on Flamingo, turn right where the rap star 2-PAC was shot on Koval and you're eating good for cheap!
There it comes to overall value, quality and taste, there is no better deal than the $8.99 steak dinner at Ellis Island Casino & Brewery. I make it a point to eat here every time I am in Las Vegas because for $8.99 you can't go wrong.. . If you are a snooty food snob who turns their nose up at the site of white people in jean shorts and American flag tee shirts turn away now. I'm warning you - this isn't a place you want to eat. After all, it is connected to a Super 8.. . While the atmosphere is very "Southern Americana" you would never know based on the food. For $8.99 or $12.99 without a free players card, you can get a 10 ounce steak, green beans, baked potato, soup or salad and a 23 ounce microbrew or root beer.. . Even though I am a beer snob I have gotten root beer both times and have loved it. By the way, the place has great service and even has five dollar blackjack tables right outside. Moreover, it is next to a 7-Eleven which is great for picking up booze on the way back to the hotel.
What a deal! $8.99 for steak (medium rare - was juicy!), green beans and your choice of mashed potatoes, fries or baked potatoes! This is not on the menu but you need to print the meal promotion from your rewards account for the casino.. Not exactly your 5 stars establishment but the food will definitely bring me back for my next visit to Vegas!
Worth the short walk from the Bellagio.  Got there at 9:30 and there was still a wait for dinner! But only 20 minutes, AND it gave us plenty of time to sign up for the Players Card mentioned by other reviewers.  Spend $1 to get $10 in free slot play, plus discounts on their food.  The $8.99 steak and beer dinner was overall very good-- my boyfriend got the IPA and didn't care for it much (living in Wisconsin can ruin that for you), but the root beer was good and the steak was fantastic.  Potato was pretty good if you get extra sour cream and add tabasco :)  I don't like green beans myself so I can't speak to those. AND you get a salad or soup to go with it. . . The waitress we had was efficient and polite, not overly friendly but I'm pretty sure she was waiting on pretty much the whole room so totally understandable.. . In summary, it's an insane deal for Vegas. Take the walk if you're staying close by on the Strip!
My wifey & I decided to venture off of the strip, try something the locals probably do :). . This is a cute little casino that has Karaoke nights. It is really popular because when we got there & put in our request for a song we wanted to sing it was like a 30 minute wait. Enough to make you a nervous-wreck if you hate waiting. . . The locals there mistaked my friend & I for locals because I guess people don't really venture off the strip. The locals were very welcoming & inviting. I would totally go back here when I go back to Vegas.. . Not to mention I got hit on by a lesbian ;) that's a first. Whoa der..... lol.
This place is AWESOME!!! I've been hearing about it for years from friends, and I only regret not going sooner! The karaoke bar is so fun, I saw everything from dungeon masters singing Metallica (and well, too), to a girl with a nice pair getting them autographed by everyone at the table! The prices on beer are outstanding!! If you drink one of their brewed in-house varieties, it will only run you $2.50 for a HUGE 20oz beer!! The shots are about like everywhere else for the pricing though. If you want to go out with a bunch of friends, party your a$$ off, and not spend a ton of money, all while in a nice environment, this is IT!!
Love the ribs here. Gotta arrive early to put your name on the list. Expect to wait 30-60 minutes during meal times. . . Get player's card and print discount coupon. One coupon works for entire party. $14.99 for full rack + 2 sides; you can't find it anywhere else other than Ellis Island!. . Well worth the wait for good food and cheap gaming at Ellis Island. A must stop in Vegas!
The food is awesome at some very reasonable prices! Stay away from the fancy Vegas restaurants, this one is the Bomb!
If your looking for a diamond in the rough, this is the place for you. We waited a few minuets for our table so we took in some sights at the karaoke bar. Our food was excellent. I definitely recommend the prime rib. Amazing!!!! The brewed beer was a plus.
Always my first stop in Vegas. I usually catch the redeye from Boston and upon checking in to the hotel I head straight on over to Ellis Island for prime rib.  Sooooo delicious and the food there is beyond reasonable.  You could do well here if you are diabetic or gluten sensitive.  They don't load their menus with starches and sugar spiking foods.  Where necessary you can substitute vegetables, the fruit is fresh.   When it's crowded in there you may have to wait for a seat/table but you can gamble while you wait.  If you're not a gambler pretend that you are and sit at one of the slots.  There are no benches or seating available to store yourself while you wait for a table to open.  They have a boisterous karaoke bar in another section of the establishment.  Some of the singers in there are loud, drunk and awful.  If you can sit through this you'll be fine.  My kind of place!
Went here over the weekend. Heard great things about it from some locals. We did the Karaoke bar. My girls Nicole and Kelly sang some amazing songs. The DJ Travis was fantastic. If you love to sing ( which I don't sing) but if you love to and want a nice dive bar that is family owned and friendly, I suggest you go here. I truly had a great time.
The must visit restaurant when you come to Las Vegas is not Wicked Spoon, it's not The Bellagio Cafe, not anything you'll find in a guide book... it's the cafe and smokehouse INSIDE Ellis Island Casino.  . . First off the cafe.  $5.99 Steak and Eggs breakfast special.  2 eggs, buttered toast, home fries and a 8 oz steak.  $5.99!!!!!  I went in thinking it was too good to be true, there must be a catch!   The steak is probably some overcooked piece of expiring supermarket aisle chuck steak, right?   Noooooooooooooooo... this steak is magical!  It's a thick cut of meat, cooked to perfection.  Charred on the outside, just a little pink on the inside.  Fatty meat, juices oozing out, tender loving care by the mouthful.  Quite possibly the best steak on the strip-- certainly better than the $70 wagyu I had at Jean Georges Steakhouse (seriously guys, dipping sauces for your steaks?). . Second, the smokehouse.  $13.99 for a full rack of ribs, garlic bread, brisket and beans and coleslaw.  These are some quality, falling off the bone ribs.  Not the overcooked kind, but the juicy meat with smokey flavor and just a touch of sauce.  Need to wash that down?  How about a $2 beer?  any beer.  Try the Amber Ale...   BECAUSE THESE GUYS ARE A MICROBREWERY TOO!!!!  . . This is real match made in heaven.  I love Ellis Island.  Power to the locals, please don't hate us for giving this place away on Yelp!
This is always a must stop by spot for me everytime I am in vegas. I recommend their bbq which is open 4pm to 10pm. If its any hour in the day I recommend the chicken fried steak or the prime rib. Also try to go on tuesday they have amazing split pea soup. The environment is a run down casino and bar, but man do they know how to make food.
This is a must stop when in Vegas. The BBQ is wonderful! This is the only place that I will order ribs. I don't like food on the bone... but I will eat it here! We have had the prime rib in the coffee shop as well and it was very good!
Wow. This place is just awesome. Cheap slots and table games, $2 beers, $8.99 steak specials...why wouldn't you come here. The food is delicious and the people are friendly. This is seriously the best dive bar I've ever been to. Also, there's Karaoke starting at 9pm. Skip some of the hustle and bustle of the strip to come by enjoy affordable food and stick around to gamble the way Vegas used to be.
The price for food is what the rest of the Las Vegas strip SHOULD charge. The higher end places now just steal from tourists because they won't leave the casino to eat because of travel time and more importantly the HEAT. I heard back in the 70s and 80s food was almost free to get you to gamble now corporations want to rob everyone for every dollar. Go here save a few bucks it's worth the $9. Pass on the $58 steak at the Wynn unless you burn money for fun.
I really don't like when people rate a location based on what they expect, rather than what it is... Ellis Island is close enough for tourists and just far enough for the locals trying to avoid the brunt of the strip BS.. . Ellis Island has been around since the 60's and they have DELICIOUS home brewed beers (stout, IPA, Amber Ale, root beer, light, or hefeweizen) for even a homeless persons budget on top of meal deals that will make the late night drinker (or smoker) beyond satisfied. They have karaoke in one bar room, a cafe in the other, and a middle bar that surrounded by their main games/tables.. . Located just one cross street from the strip you can't beat the feel of older town vegas, with the prices and deals this place provides. There is also a Metro Pizza located inside the casino open during the day which a HUGE local favorite spot around Vegas.. . I've been sipping on a stout and eating loaded potato skins since I arrived and can definitely get used to this place... The security and bartenders were nicer than most places in Vegas and the place is very laid back.. . $7-10 cab ride (if that) from the strip and you will save a lot more heading here if you are on a budget rather than staying on the vampiric money sucking strip.... . 5/5 stars for fusing what tourists/locals are looking for for right off the strip! A cheap good time!
A fantasic Rib special!!
Stopped here for dinner before our Vegas departure. Should have been eating here all week. Great food, huge portions, at a great price! Oh and its not crazy packed and loud like the strip joints. Great to relax , eat , drink and gamble. Just a block behind Flamingo and Ballys. Check it out! I got the fish and chips, husband got the prime rib. DELICIOUS!! Oh and that chocolate spoon cake was to die for.  Sad I missed the breakfast and ribs too.
Best place in Vegas! Food is great - Beers are cheap! I go every time I am in Vegas!
Searched the Internet for a great, reasonably priced Prime Rib & found Ellis Island. Walked a mile on some sore feet but after the first bite of the Prime Rib all my aches disappeared. (Guess the Prime Rib had healing powers!) Entire dinner delicious and was only $13.99 (includes dinner, soup & craft beer). House Merlot great too ($3.25). To top it off had a fantastic waiter, Eugene. Only thing that would have made this any better would be if my Hubbie was here to enjoy with me. Will be back next trip for sure!
Everytime we go to las vegas we make sure we go to ellis island, its cheap and delicious! Once we wen for breakfast before 11 am and we got steak and eggs for only 4.99, the steak was delicious and a good size, we have been there for bar-b-q and their chicken and ribs are also great and not to expensive. Make sure you get their rewards card and you will get good dinner deals too! I highly recommend it!
Off the strip but totally worth the walk.. . Friendly staff.. . Great prime rib.. . Beer was good.. . Prices were great. Can't beat 13.99 for king cut prime rib with a beer.. . Drinks in the casino were well portioned.
Steak and eggs!! Best deal ever! Open 24 hours too! :)
I got the steak special.  It is about the cheapest you can get on the Strip.  Of course it is not like the fine dining options that are nearby, but none of those have a special under $10.
I must admit, Ellis Island hit the spot when fiending for some steak and eggs. It is a good sized steak and the price isn't too shabby, for $9.99 you get a great steak, cooked really nice even at 4am in the morning, I must say I got to give credit to them chefs back there working after dark and still putting out good food. The food can seem to take awhile for it to come out, but it is expected when a ton of people show up to order the same exact thing you are here for. So i'[ll definitely be back on my drunken binge when I am in Vegas.
Oh boy Ellis Island.  My coworker suggested this place the first time I went to Vegas a few months ago (yeah I'm a loser I waited way past I was 21 for my return to Vegas).  I was really skeptical since she said the prime rib here was under $10 with the Players Card and tasted exactly like the expensive stuff.  Still, I managed to pull my hungover self as a place to eat on the way back home on a Sunday and OMG I fell in love.  I ended up staying here a few hours longer than I expected and make it a point to come back here every time I'm in Vegas!  The first two times I came there was about a 20 minute wait, but the last time I came for lunch there was no wait at all.  I heard there is usually a wait so just make a Players Card and use the $10 credit they give you while you wait.. . They don't have the prime rib as a special anymore but they have a top sirloin with a beer (regular brew or rootbeer) for $8.99 so I always order that instead.  The value for the type of food is spectacular!!!  The 8 oz steak I usually get medium-rare and usually is cooked to perfection except for one time (it was overcooked just a little but it was easily sent back).  It comes with a side of potatoes, green beans, and a salad.  The steak has a nice crust  and it so deliciously juicy.  All the sides taste like how they are supposed to and you'd be surprised by how not overcooked/soggy the canned beans taste cause they still have a slight crisp to them, and baked potatoes are pretty hard to mess up.  This last time I ordered a french onion soup and I thought it had a pretty decent flavor for being $4.99.  I have also tried their rootbeer and it tastes pretty good but you can definitely taste the spices at the end.. . I always end up sitting around the bar for a while before/after eating and just relaxing getting out of the hustle and bustle of Vegas.  I like winding down here and having a light beer (really refreshing!).  Bf always forgets and orders the Hef which he doesn't like and the 2nd beer always turns out to be a light heh.  Service is always quick and hospitable.   . . There are tons of advertisements for cheap food with the actual food not looking like the advertisements, but hands down I think Ellis Island has the best taste and value for the price!  If you're coming to Vegas without intentions to spend a lot of money on food, definitely stop by here.
"A taste of Reno with a reminder of what makes Las Vegas great": that should be the tag line below the giant "Ellis Island" sign that hangs out in front of this amazing establishment.  Cheap beer, friendly folks and a great time await any patron with an open mind and a good attitude.. . I must admit that most of my time here is spent at the bar, but there's more than meets the eye at Ellis Island.  Mosey on towards the cafe and a hearty meal can be had for a reasonably low price. $2 pints are easy on your pocketbook too; try to find that anywhere on Las Vegas Blvd.  The ambiance of cigarette machines and celebrity art work let you know there's no other place like this.. . So if you're looking a change in scenery or just need a break from the strip, head over to Ellis Island and escape from the mainland!
Went here for breakfast after asking a waiter at a restaurant the night before where to go for a good, inexpensive breakfast. Went here with ten people and each meal was fantastic. Clean, basic restaurant with good food, service and a great price. Our best meal of the week while in vegas.
Rated #2 prime rib in Vegas! I had a huge craving this past weekend, we came in to eat and gamble a little. Lots of great changes at this past in the last couple years. Great staff/service. Quick, great food, good beer they brew there and some nice upgraded machines! One of my favorites in Vegas will be back each trip!
Hands down my favorite restaurant EVER. Whenever we visit LV we eat here at least 2x. I have never had a bad meal or service here. The wait does get crazy long sometimes but it's worth it. Best chicken friend chicken I've ever had. Husband always gets their steak & beer special. Usually less than $20 for dinner for 2. Counting down the days until we visit again.
Our favorite spot for steak & eggs in Vegas! Can't beat the price & its super yummy!! Sign up for their players club & you even get coupons. The root beer is delicious too! We had their brownie dessert last time we were there and OMG...it was to die for!! I definitely recommend this place!!
Ellis is a true locals favorite. They make their own craft beer priced at $2 for 20 ounces or half price during football. They offer the best barbecue in town s d at the best price in town. Love the Karaoke bar open 7 days a week with KJ Charlie and KJ Lucy. You never know who will show up. Always a great spot did a great time.
Honestly the restaurant is very mediocre. But forget that. This is the best casino and the best brewery in Las Vegas. All the machines and tables have low limits so you can stay here for a long time and entertain yourself or a group for hours. The beers are amazing, all hand-crafted on draft and only $2...or if there is a football game, only $1! Which makes this also the best place in Vegas to watch a game, as there are tons of screens with all the games on, plus great service. This is a wonderful spot.
Located about 2 blocks off the strip its a bit hard to get to without a car or a desire to do some walking but if you make the trip the food is worth it.  The casino itself is "interesting"  and certainly not a place I'd hang out at but the food is great.  I found this place by accident a couple of trips ago and make a point of going every time I'm in the  Vegas now.  Portions are large, staff are friendly and the food is good.  Only word of caution is that on weekends during breakfast there tends to be a bit of a wait for a seat.
I absolutely love this place. I go to Vegas at least 4 times a year, and we go to Ellis Island for their steak special every time. It has gotten pricier over the years but it's still worth it. Their beer isn't great and you are lucky to get 1 free drink an hour if you are gambling. Don't go here to play, just eat.
This place is kind of a dive, but it is definitely a diamond in the rough! Some of the patrons are kind of sketchy, but there beer is inexpensive and amazing. They have: light, amber, heffeweisen, and stout. I always get the heffe which has bubblegum and clove flavors like a traditional German Heffe. I always get my hefferweisen with a lemon wedge instead of the orange wedge they serve it with because it just tastes better. Ellis also has growlers you can take home! Beyond that, the cafe has amazing food for cheap. The wings are good, the prime rib is AWESOME, the potato skins are good, the mozzarella sticks are good, and the philly dip is pretty damn good to. Also, Ellis has karaoke every night and it is always fun. Some amazing singers go to Ellis karaoke too!. . Every time I have friends come in from out of town I always take them here.
Second time here, and I think this might become a regular haunt. The staff is efficient and super nice. The beer is cheap - and yet still yummy. There's the typical karaoke crowd: good, bad, ugly, tone-deaf. Yet, the crowd is universally supportive, and isn't that what karaoke is all about?. . Oh yeah, and the ribs. OMG.. . My only complaint: the Baton Death March to the bathroom.
One of the best kept secrets of Vegas. Just a block from the strip. I sensed more of a local vibe. $2.00 beers,cheap food, a seperate pizza joint, and a sports book makes this place one of my favorites. I love Ellis Island because of its size. The casinos on the strip are so big and a pain in the you know what to get around but Ellis Island is so intimate. More of a hole in the wall than glitzy so if you like bling I would stay away. But if you like great food and drink at awesome prices than Ellis Island is for you.
