When I'm in LV, I typically book 600+ sq ft suites.. . During this visit, I booked a really good deal for a 765 sq ft suite at the MB. Checked in after 9p and it appears there was a little discrepancy with my "special requests". Although they didn't vocalize it, the employee indicated that they would be giving an upgrade. COOL! . . Employees were super friendly and nice. This was definitely appreciated after a LONG day of travel and horrible dinner.. . Turned out the upgrade was to the baller Media Suite (2170 sq ft.) OMG, this suite was freakin' AMAZING!!! . . You walk into a foyer and a half bath. Then you enter into a huge living area where you have gorgeous views of the pools below (from the 30th floor). Another room led into a media room with a 65" TV and surround sound speakers. There was a bar and office area also. The bedroom had a king with walk-in closets and his/hers robes and slippers. A long hall led you to the bathroom with dual-head showers that doubled as a steam room, a soaking spa tub, dual sinks and a separate room forthe toilet. All the rooms had TVs and touch screen remotes to control the TVs and curtains.. . Housekeeping was great with a clean suite to come back to and toiletries well-stocked.. . The only negatives were:. . -You're able to hear the neighboring guests in the next suite, but wasn't too bothersome since I spent most of my time soaking in the spa tub.. . -I woke up several times around 4-5a. I want to say that there's a housekeeping closet on the other side of the bedroom wall???. . -After video check-out, the TVs don't work. No biggie.... . Def a memorable experience and will consider MB for future stays!
Easily one of my favorite hotels in Vegas.  I highly recommend this place to all of my friends and family who visit.  Here's why:. . - Great selection of rooms.  You really have 3 choices of rooms & service here.....Mandalay Bay has mid-level rooms/service, THEhotel has great rooms/service, and the Four Seasons has excellent rooms/service.  The giant 2 bedroom suite at the end of the towers of Mandalay Bay are my favorite.. . - Parking is easy.  The self parking and valet parking here is so easy.  The parking garage at the rear of the property has easy access from Frank Sinatra drive or Mandalay Bay Dr.  For locals or tourists it's an easy in/out.. . - Great selection of restaurant choices.  From high end restaurants to cheap eats, there's something for everyone....and it's good food too.. . - Lots of bars and lounges.  Everyone can find a place to have a drink and enjoy themselves.....from hipsters to regular joe's, there's something for everyone.. . - Decent limits on table games.  You can find $10 min bet blackjack here on occasion.  There's also a good selection of slots and other table games.. . - The vibe here is awesome.  I can't explain it, but I always feel good here.  The people and the vibe are always energizing.. . - Great entertainment.  The House of Blues and the Mandalay Events Center always has great entertainers in their lineup.. . - Walkway to Luxor.  If you want a different experience, you can easily walk to the Luxor via a connecting mall area without going outside.  This is huge during the sweltering Summer months.. . Overall, this place has a little bit of everything for everyone....and they do it well.. . Will I return?  You bet I will!
I love, i love , i love this place. Went there for a 2 night wknd vacation and sooo wanted to spend more time there. The rooms are spacious and clean. The bathroom with the double sinks and the soak tub - a big YES! the smart floor plan to close out the toilet from the rest of the place and have a separate shower stall! ok u guyz did a great job! Also the parking was quite efficient and easy. Friendly and gr8 staff members! And ppl if your staying at Mandalay bay - dont miss out on the china grill restaurant there. Perfect ambiance and great food!
my only complain is i didn't get to stay longer lol! we did a very quick visit to vegas last year for my husband's birthday and decided to stay here because we were going to see the lion king there anyways. i am so happy that we chose this place! everything is inside too, so we never even left mandalay bay! there are plenty of shops, restaurants, and of course slot machines! ;) we had a very nice room that had everything we needed, we went to a sushi place downstairs for some lunch, walked around a bit, and got ready for dinner and the lion king. we ended up eating at the house of blues. very yummy food!! we loved splitting the banana bread pudding! afterwards we went to see the lion king which is an excellent show by the way for all ages! then we did a few slot machines and headed back to our room. we had to leave in the morning, so we didn't get to see much of vegas, but we had a great time, and stayed at a very nice hotel, one which i would love to stay at again! :)
We came here for our anniversary weekend and absolutely loved it. We got the 750 GR suite, which was absolutely stellar. Set at the end of a hallway, it was relatively quiet (except for the sound of slamming doors, and I'm not sure anything can really be done about that).. . Check in was relatively painless, although the line moved pretty slow.. . The floor of the casino was large, but surprisingly not confusing. Having been through other casinos (like the MGM), you fully expect to not ever be able to exit the casion floor once you enter it. . . The maid service was excellent, food options were good, bed comfortable... I really have no complaints!
I feel like Mandalay Bay isalmost a 5 star hotel.  They are like 4.75 :)  I really like it, but sometimes I think they need a few more luxuries to bump them to that 5.  At any rate, they seriously rock, I am just being a picky yelper when it comes to 5 star reviews.  . . I have actually stayed at Mandalay twice.  Once in one of the spa suites this past weekend and once in their regular room a couple years ago.  What both had in common was a beautifully designed room.  Classic, but not over the top.  Great bathrooms (spa suite has a jacuzzi tub for two!), comfy beds and nice flat screen TVs.  . . The spa suite was awesome since it was at the end of the hall so we had a quiet room with few neighbors.  The regular room I stayed in before had paper thin walls and you could hear everything!  If we come back (and we will) we will upgrade!  The only thing the suite was missing was robes.  It seems like other Vegas hotels provide robes at that level of service, but maybe I am being picky ;) . . I also really like the shops and restaurants in Mandalay Place (linking Mandalay and Luxor).  So this is a bonus since you can walk in and find everything you need!  Oh, and visit the spa for a real treat.  I have gone on several occasions and find it one of the nicer more relaxing spas on the strip!. . All around a great place to stay!!!
I am writing this review as I sit in the comfy bed of the Mandalay Bay hotel. . . I booked this hotel for a quick solo trip. I just wanted something moderately cheap on South Strip. Didn't care what, but I wanted comfort and did not want to stay at the Motel 6 this time soooo I chose a 4 star mystery hotel on Hotwire. . . I ended up with 2 nights (Friday - Sunday) at Mandalay Bay for just over $200 including those pesky taxes and resort fees. While it wasn't my first choice because I was hoping for MGM since their beds are todiefor, I have been very happy with everything so far. . . ARRIVAL. I arrived in the early evening and did self-park because it was right off the interstate and I didn't feel like finding the front of the hotel. Sometimes self-park can be a nightmare because the garage is usually so far away from the actual lobby. Fortunately I only had to walk through a small portion of the hotel to get to the lobby. . . The registration desk was well staffed and the lady who checked me in was very friendly and efficient. I really like efficiency. Friendly is nice too.. . THE ROOM (first impressions). Within minutes I had my key and headed up the elevator to my room. As I walked in I was pleasantly surprised. I hadn't expected to have an entire seating area, but there it was in all it's chaise lounge and sofa glory. I think I actually squealed. I couldn't wait to lounge on the chaise and read something on my Kindle. I have yet to do that, but that's only because I just spent 2.5 hours soaking in the nice, big tub with wine and a movie.. . The room is large, the TV is large, the bathroom TV rotates, the bath is large, the separate shower is large, pretty much everything is bigger than most standard Vegas rooms. I bounced around the room sitting on everything, playing with everything and finally taking my journalistic photos before unpacking. . . THE ROOM (second impression). After the initial "this is so much better than I expected" response I started to notice the few things that could be improved upon. None of them are deal breakers but maybe something for the hotel to think about on the next remodel. The TOILET: It is in a separate closet. Quite literally a water closet. This is a nice feature if you are staying in a room with 4 other people because you can get a little privacy without taking over the bathroom BUT the door will not stay open on its own so you have to either prop it open with a suitcase or just suffer as the door slams shut and encloses you in your tiny little claustrophobic water closet.. . Two other nit-picky minor things: . . The bath tub is great. I usually avoid baths in hotels because it grosses me out, but this one seemed clean and just looked way too inviting to avoid. However, there isn't any bubble bath in the amenities tray. I would have adored some lavender scented bubble bath to lull me to sleep. Luckily I drove so I had an entire bottle of body wash. Squirt! . . The second thing: I really wish a corkscrew was included in the mini-bar. All of the drinks are screw top, but I bought a bottle of wine at the store downstairs and when I came up to the room I realized I had wine glasses but no corkscrew. I spent a good 30 minutes trying to get the cork to push INTO the bottle. I definitely needed a drink after that. :). . . THINGS TO LOVE:. . Despite the minor problems, I am having a very hard time finding things I don't love. . . The bed is comfortable. A bit bouncy but I foresee a great nights sleep.. . The mini-bar is well stocked and even though the alcohol prices are outrageous, the sodas and juices aren't too bad. But I will still be using the vending machine down the hall.. . The seating area is great. The couch and chaise could use a little more cushioning, but they serve their purpose nicely.. . The bathroom is huge and looks great. It doesn't feel like a hotel bathroom which is fantastic for a weekend of relaxation. The floor is VERY slippery when wet so definitely walk with caution after a shower or bath. . . Power outlets are everywhere. I wish more hotels would take a cue from MB. There are 8 readily available outlets in the main area and two more in the bathroom. While I don't need all of them, anyone traveling with 4 people knows how important that is. Cell phones, camera battery chargers, laptops, etc. Power outlets disappear quickly with groups.. . Elevators are quick and plentiful. There are about 36 floors and those are divided up into three sections and each section gets 10 elevators. That's 30 elevators folks. They move quickly and I haven't had to wait yet. . . Casino floor isn't very crowded which is good or bad depending on your preference. . . THE BEST PART ABOUT THIS HOTEL:. . This hotel actually gives you something in return for the mandatory Daily Resort Fee that hotels in Vegas love to add on.. . You get access to the Cardio Room and FREE WIRELESS internet. Most hotels charge at least $30 for one-day cardio room access and $15 for wireless internet. That is like hitting a small jackpot in my book
What's there NOT to love about the Mandalay Bay? It is undoubtedly one of the more high end hotels on the Strip, and definitely the best resort on the South Strip! My boyfriend and I love to stay at the Mandalay Bay because everything we need and want is here! Spa Mandalay is consistently one of the best spas on the strip (see my review), there are so many different restaurants you can check out (anything from a hotdog from the sportsbook to a high end dinner at Mix and Aureole). Because the Mandalay Bay is connected to the Four Seasons via walkway, and the Excalibur and Luxor via a monorail, there is just so many different things to try and do. For example, if a $15 minimum blackjack table is a little rich for you, hop on the monorail and check out the Excalibur's $5 tables!. . Somethings you can appreciate that you don't really notice in other hotels is that you don't have to walk through the casino to get to any of the public areas or the guest-room elevators, also the entire location is a lot less confusing and less overwhelming than some others (ie: Aria). I absolutely LOVE the way the hotel smells too, very subtle citrus and coconut get pumped through the vents and it helps enhance the tropical theme and make the hotel look, feel, and smell really fresh and clean (you notice this the most when you walk through the Shoppes at Mandalay Place that connect you to the Luxor). . . The standard rooms are larger than the average Vegas hotel room and each one has a very fancy bathroom with dual his and hers sinks, a huge bathtub, separate shower, and a toilet room with its own door. Did I also metion the flatscreen TV in the bathroom?! One of my favorite things to do is to walk LUSH, one of the many Shoppes at Mandalay Bay, buy a few bubble bath bars and bathbombs, and take a long hot bath while watching TV in the bathroom! It's sublime.. . Windows are all floor to ceiling, and the rooms on the higher floor have some of the best Strip views, so splurge and upgrade to a suite view, otherwise you'll have a lovely view of all the cars coming in from California on the 15. Be prepared to pay an $18 nightly resort fee, but this includes free wi-fi and two drinks at any of the lounges and bars. I love having wi-fi in my room.. . The service at Mandalay Bay is also some of the best. The people working the check-in desk were super friendly and the waitresses come by often with drinks, this makes the Mandalay Bay almost on par with the Wynn. Overall, I think the Mandalay Bay is an amazing place to stay because you hardly have to leave the hotel for anything (which is great because I would rather spend cab fare on another hand of blackjack) but if you do need to leave the hotel, the monorail connects you to the heart of the Strip and from there you can walk pretty much anywhere. I can't wait to come back!!!
LOVED this hotel and will stay here again, if I can, the next time I go to Vegas!  We stayed for a long weekend in March of 2010 for my BF's birthday!  The pool(s) are so fun, restaurants are good, casino rocks, what more can you need?
Great priced rooms, very open clean and updated casino and hotel. I suggest this hotel to all my friends when they come visit.
I have stayed at a lot of places in LV but this was my first stay at the Mandalay Bay. I will be back.. . Maybe it was because the room was HUGE. Or the fact that there were two sinks in the bathroom, the deep bathtub (which my nieces loved!) or the super hot water in the shower. It was perfect for a night away from home.. . The hotel was so clean and nice, it didn't smell like smoke either, like most LV hotel's do.. . I also left LV with cash in my pocket, came out ahead, so that helps too. I am a bit sad that their room prices are so high next month because of spring break, because I really wanted to go back soon. My room for the night with taxes, fees and their resort fee was a total of $120. Which I thought was really great.. . I was able to play the tables for a long time, the beer service was a bit slow, but that's ok. Also, there weren't a bunch of creepy guys trying to hit on me either so that was good.. . Cost a ton of $$$ to take out cash, $4-6 per transaction, so be prepared when you get there.. . Food was ok, I ate at the sushi place, didn't venture out to many of the super nice places, but I will do that next time.
i love it here its beautiful and alot to do!
Thanks Mandalay bay!!   Best hotel stay ever.  When my room was NOT AVAILABLE they gave me a super awesome suite (media suite) plus 150 bucks in food money for my inconvenience..  That is the way to treat your guests.. . remember to be nice to the front desk agents.  The people in front of me when I was checking in were B's and they got sent to the Luxor.  Gross!!
MB is still 5 stars in my book. This time my boyfriend and I came for my birthday and got the 750 suite that came with (drumroll........). . A HUGE JETTED JACUZZI BATHTUB!. . I love that the bathrooms also have their own TVs and the beds here are soooooooooooo comfy and soft. It is always worth it to upgrade to a room with a view of The Strip because MB has the best view. We came right in the middle of the NCAA Sweet 16. There was also a convention and spring breakers all around, so it was pretty busy and we were told there would be no chance of late check out, but when we called at 8am, the front desk was able to help us out with no problem.. . The only gripes I have with MB are things that are probably out of the resort's control. Being that it is further south on The Strip, when it comes to late night dining, there really aren't a lot of options around that are within walking distance, and the 24 hour room service can sometimes be a hit or miss, but always pricey. I was turned away by one restaurant who's kitchen closed at 11pm, and was turned off by another when the service was too slow and too poor (you kind of get the idea that all of the chainy restaurants that are situated in between the casino walkways and in shopping areas just don't give a damn about anything). The casino here is also a little on the higher end with tables being the lowest at $10 during slow times. This can sometimes be a good thing, like when I'm up $400 on blackjack, but a killer when I'm down.. . But other than that, the hotel rooms are pristine and modern, and the hotel staff are always helpful and friendly. I can't wait to go back!. . Tip: sign up for their player's card M Life and try to get to the next tier level. My boyfriend and I were able to get up to the Pearl level this trip and we are now waiting for all the comps and benefits to come in!
Fantastic hotel, reasonable prices, great Rooms, everything looks brand new. . Tried the breakfast buffet, decided to buy the "All you can eat--All Day" which included the Breakfast-Lunch-Dinner Pass for about $42.00. . Best decision I made, because the Food was exceptional. . The Room was spacious, great View of the Strip, multiple TV's in the Room at competitive prices.
Had a great experience at this hotel. This is the best hotel in Vegas. The suites are large and very clean. The suites are fantastic.They also have a large wave pool. Will stay here again next time I come to Vegas.
This was my first stay at MB and it couldn't have been better.. . First of all, I originally had 2 separate room reservations, 1 for my parents and 1 for myself but they upgraded us to 1 2 BR suite on the 32nd floor.  Shoots!  . . Each bedroom came with a king sized bed and its own bathroom with a hot tub, shower, dual sinks, and even a TV.  The beds were very comfortable and I even thought the linens were great (never use the comforter.  Ever). . I didn't actually partake of the pool but I did walk around and thought that it would be great to hang out there had I had more time to spend in LV.  But from what I saw, it looked like a  lot of fun.. . The casino was nicely organized and I liked the fact that they still had a decent number of BJ tables open in the wee hours (about 5-6am) for me to play.. . I also loved the 24 hours sundries store right next to the elevator for my late night snack and drink needs.. . Valets were also quite speedy and service all throughout was very friendly.
I am totally in love with Mandalay Bay.. . I went for the first time this past week for 4 days and 3 nights. The decor was sweet in the standard room and hallway with beige colors, and the bathroom was nice with both a stand-up shower and a soak-in tub. I heard it was a good hotel but I did not want to expect too much. I was blown away! For one, the slots were good to me on several occasions, as I played them every night. I put in $5 into a quarter machine and hit $400, the most epic win for me of all time thus far. To that end, MB will ALWAYS be dear to my heart. They also had a table game promo for buy-in $20 and get $30  in casino chips so that was fun. I played blackjack switch.. . It's absolutely beautiful on the inside and out even more than any hotel I have seen in my past 3 trips to Vegas. It's bright and spacious with a South beach theme all throughout. Great for photo ops! The vibe is amazing and everyone at the table genuinely smiled and laughed while teaching me the difference between regular blackjack and blackjack switch. Great times.. . We saw the Lion King here and it was just as ridiculously amazing here as it was when I saw it on Broadway in NY and London! It was full-length too unlike some broadway shows on the strip. I did not get to see all the wonderfully beautiful (in pics) restaurants nor did I get a chance to see Mandalay place (but my friend loved it) BUT I did see the POOL! In the words of my friend AMAZ-TASTIC! Yes, I would love to make Mandalay my Vegas home.
I stayed at this hotel on vacation to Las Vegas and it is one of the best hotels I have stayed at in my life. When I first arrived, I was greeted nicely  and quickly checked into the hotel.There are many things to do in this hotel. There is a wave pool and Lazy River for the kids and a grat Massage and Spa for the adults. If you want to explore the city or nearby hotels, there is a monorail train for quick easy transport. The rooms are very clean and spacious. There is alos a large variety of resturants and buffets there. I would suggest the Bayside Buffet (see my review of the buffet).  There is valet parking in the hotel and room sevice. The casino room is large and always filled with people. I always went for the Poker tables (my favorite card game!). There are great shows that are at this hotel and many UFC events are held here in the Mandalay Bay Convention Centre. I would reccomendthis to everyone with any purpose to go to Vegas.
my dad got 2 nights complimentary room valid weekend so we stayed here friday and saturday. . . PROs:. 1. Parking garage is connected to the hotel.. 2. Experienced the Bay/water/ocean theme really well.. 3. Friendly staff.. 4. Big rooms with small flat screen in the bathroom.. 5. Buffet was delicious and affordable.. 6. Big casino area.. 7. Free Tram transportation to Luxor and Excalibur.. 8. Big shopping area.. 9. Lots of Restaurants to choose from.. 10. Gives complimentary rooms to high roller gamblers.. 11. Man made beach. . . CONs: . 1. Parking garage can get really crowded.. 2. No Monorail Station. . 3. Expensive rooms if not for the complimentary reward.. 4. Resort Fee $20/night. . Definitely will try to go back with good room deals!
Loved the room, the view, the concert arena, everything.  I was kind of surprised after reading some of the reviews on how old the rooms were, our room looked new and was really clean.  I would stay here again.
Granted, when I stayed here, it was with my friend who's father is a high roller and we got everything comped including the two bottles of Louis XIII ordered to the room and taken home in the suitcase.... . The rooms are huge -- the bathrooms alone are bigger than 2 out of 3 of my last apartments.  The restaurants, spa, bars, and casino are also top notch (though a bit on the pricey side -- so just remedy that by gambling more and becoming a whale)!  The pool area is possibly the nicest in all of Vegas -- endless river, wave pool with waves big enough to surf on, sand, and I believe there's an "European" area for adults.  There's even that shark tube thing where you can ride a conveyer belt surrounded by thousands of gallons of water and deadly sea animals.  The service is fast, efficient, and they never ask questions which is very important when your suitcase starts to leak unidentifiable fluids.... . I do wish it was in the main part of the strip but honestly, there's really no reason to leave once you arrive (which is the point, I guess)!  Oh...except for the scary-ass parrots* they have in the lobby. Ug...hate those things.... -------------. * I suffer from an irrational fear of birds.  Their beady eyes and claws...*shudder*  And pooping while flying is totally unnatural and just plain wrong.
Even though the location of this hotel is way on the end of the strip, I still give it 5 stars.  I loved this place. . . The casino is new and clean, also has a great open layout.  The room was the best I've had in Vegas- big, the most comfy bed EVER, and huge bathroom with shower and great bubble bath tub. . .  The pools are awesome!  They have a pretty big wave pool, just as big if not bigger than wave pools at Wisconsin Dells.  They have sandy beaches and lots of palm trees.. . I've stayed at Mandalay, NYNY, and Mirage recently, and Mandalay is on top!
Mandalay Bay just became my new favorite hotel in Vegas... every thing is so new and luxorious, and there's so much to do in Mandalay Bay that we really didn't feel the need to leave. . . My only complaint is that my entire party became lost several times after leaving our rooms... it seemed like we never ended up in the same place. The elevator situation is complicated and confusing, but I did not experience long wait times like others have said.  It may be that they have an absurd lay out, or it might just be the alcohol.
Went to Fredrick's of Hollywood in Mandalay Bay, the valet were so sweet and the girl that helped me and my sister was very knowledgeable and patient with us. The shops at Mandalay Bay is worth this locals trip to the strip.
We always end up at Mandalay Bay whenever we go to Vegas, so why not stay there? We had an awesome stay here. I found a deal on Orbitz and got us a 650 sq. hot tub suite for a week!  It was so good we paid extra on the Friday we were leaving to stay in the room until 6!  Fleur restaurant is to die for! My fiance doesn't even like tapas and he was super impressed.  This hotel may be at the end of the strip but that doesn't mean it is not worth the walk.  You are in Vegas after all, walking around is the best way to check everything out  STAY HERE
Absolutely my favorite hotel in all of Vegas! They have the best pool (a beach with a wave pool and a lazy river) and the crowd is perfect if you are in your 30's (i.e., Hard Rock and Palms are for the 21-year olds and MGM is for families) and they have so many restaurants to choose from, great attractions like concerts on the beach, the lion king play and the Shark Reef aquarium. Our rooms are always comfortable, lush and quiet and the service is impeccable.
I like this hotel! . . Great pool of course...super fun! . . It's very comfortable and upscale for the price point, and my girlfriends and I all seem to agree to stay here when we meet in Vegas...always a great time & comfortable stay! . . Super budget friendly!
I do not understand how someone could not fall in love with Mandalay Bay once they stay here!  Wave pool was amazing - we made bets (duh, its Vegas) on who would fall, or how many people would fall per wave. Then karma bit me in the a$$ and I took a tumble walking out...We were here in May, which I was told is the "off season", yet everything was still open!  The casino is large and just as nice as every other casino we went to.  Being at the end of the strip gives you an awesome view, and make it up to the bar up top for an even better view of the whole strip.  . . Everyone complains that they were charged for chips/drinks in the hotel room but they specifically make that a point to explain to you when you check-in, as well as, signs in the room. So sorry but that is your own stupidity, not theirs!  . . We got a cheap price for our room (can't say we spent a lot of time in there) but it was an amazing view, very well kept, beautiful and a lot of fun!
This is my absolute favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.  To me, Mandalay Bay is the best of both worlds: the resort is classy but the bars and restaurants aren't exorbitantly expensive.. . The grounds are beautiful and of course the pools are la creme de la creme. Check out the happy hour at House of Blues and Red Square.
I've stayed at the Mandalay Bay upon two occasions and have been very satisfied with both stays. The staff is very nice, the facilities are all very clean, and the overall experience is very pleasant. . . The things that really stood out to me about the Mandalay Bay are the beach/pool area and the cardio center.  They've designed the pool area to look like a beach, they have a lazy river [inner tubes could be rented for an arm and a leg], and they have nice areas for you to sunbathe. The cardio center really came in handy my most recent stay at the Mandalay Bay because I paid for the buffet of buffets deal that Harrah's has going on. I hopped on the exercise bike and/or treadmill in between every meal to hedge against the damage.. . The Mandalay Bay has one of the best sportsbooks in Las Vegas. The fact that they have The Lion King playing there definitely brings in a lot of guests. There are a number of nice restaurants opened up by celebrity chefs like Hubert Keller, Susan Fenniger, Rick Moonen, and Wolfgang Puck. . . There is ample parking in the self-parking area, although the layout of the parking structure can be funny to navigate if you're a first time visitor. I really appreciate how pleasant, clean, and nice the Mandalay Bay is.
Really great Buffet. One o the best in Las Vegas
Absolutely beautiful!  We spent a good portion of our day here, wandering the casino floor and looking around.  After a shower, we joined some friends an enjoyed dinner at The Foundation Room.  It was probably the best meal of my life.  See my review for them :)
I stayed at the mandalay for two nights and came for the Michael Jackson world tour. The hotel room is huge and the bathroom is five star. Shop at bottom of stairs has everything you need 24/7 eg booze free USA today paper water and sandwiches. Spa is best best and free with manicure or any other service .  The women's spa has soaking tub and cold plunge and beautiful relaxing area.  Cardio room is free.  Checking in was easy.  I flew in on virgin America ( the most amazing and different cultured airline I've ever been on - am looking forward to flying with them again) - from san Francisco and with two nights at the mandalay was only $300 plus bag fee of $20.  Pretty good deal.  Shuttle to airport RT is twelve bucks.  Am definitely coming back.  Very low maintenance and relaxing trip.
Before coming here I read the reviews on yelp and was not expecting much, however upon arriving I was very pleasantly surprised.  Today is my first day here, and I'm excited for the rest of my stay.  Although Mandalay Bay is on the edge of the strip and far away from the action, the casino is still packed, and the restaurants certainly have business.  Mandalay Bay is definitely not outdated or dull, the entire resort is beautiful.. . Check In: Checking in was no problem, I checked in around 3:00 and there was a short 3 minute wait.  The lady who helped me was very nice, and got me the room/view I wanted.  In front of the check in desks there's a mini aquarium with lots of colorful fish and some small sharks where kids can wander as the parents check in.. . Room: I'm staying in the standard room and it's quite nice and spacious!  I have a view of the strip which is pretty and nice.  There's a pretty good size flat screen tv which is great, and there's a pretty big glass table with a chair.  Attached the headboards of the beds there's a light that you can move and use to read.  The room has 2 good size closets with many coat hangers.  The bathroom is absolutely amazing, they have a separate bath and shower and 2 sinks with lots of counter space.  There's a separate tiny room and door for the actual toilet, that has a phone in it.......interesting. The best thing about the bathroom is that there's a mini tv in there so I guess you could soak and watch.  Although I think taking baths in hotels is unsanitary I still use the tv when I'm getting ready.. . Restaurants/Buffet: The buffet isn't really on the pricey side, and the food is pretty good. It's not absolutely amazing, but I definitely don't regret going.  Mandalay Bay has a nice selection of restaurants, but they're pretty dang pricey.  There are 2 Starbucks on the casino/restaurant level, and also a yogurt place if you're looking for just a quick snack.. . Overall I'm pretty pleased with my experience so far.
My Fiancee and I stayed here for 3 nights in January, 2012.  It was our first stay, but definitely not our last.  We were both pleasantly surprised by our total experience here, and we never even got around to seeing the grounds, the wave pool or the shark reef.  Firstly, the staff was uniformly not just helpful but genuinely friendly, beyond the call of duty.  And I mean everyone: from the dealers, the food-servers, the cocktail waitresses, the front-desk people.  Well, a couple of the roulette table staff had the personalities of rocks, but on the other hand, a couple of the blackjack dealers (Ray and Vicki) were absolutely outstanding, to make up for their roulette counterparts.  Our room exceeded our expectations.  It was well-appointed, tastefully decorated, clean, and comfy.  The bed was very nice, and I'm picky about beds.  The bathroom was spacious and classy.  The only downside was the lack of an in-room coffee-maker, which would have been nice.  The casino was one of the nicest we saw anywhere on the Strip.  We actually liked it better than Bellagio -- not as ornate.  We only ate at a couple of the onsite restaurants (Raffles and the Buffet) but both featured good food at reasonable prices (for Vegas) with good service.  We were sorry to have to leave, and will definitely stay at Mandalay Bay again.  Sure, it's at the far southern end of the Strip, but we both remarked that once you've seen the sights of Vegas, there wouldn't be much need to leave the confines of this hotel and casino, other than to see a show.  It has all you really need in Vegas.
coming to a concert was the reason we came here. I usually never even walk to this end of the strip. I will from now on. It was nice inside a good enough crown and the event center was nice and clean.
For my first time in Vegas, the BF wanted to make sure it was something special for me, and Mandalay Bay certainly helped him deliver on that.. . We had a 750sq. ft suite booked, and were upgraded to an 1100sq. ft., complete with sky view.  The room was gorgeous, well kept, and spacious.. . Every staff member we encountered was friendly and overly helpful.  The registration area is gorgeous, and I liked the teaser aquarium for Shark Reef.. . I'm used to Midwestern casinos, which are cramped and crowded.  I liked that Mandalay Bay (and all of the casinos in Vegas really) are spacious and not over-crowded with machines.. . Food choices were plenty, and everything was great.. . I would definitely stay at Mandalay Bay again!!
Beautiful and incredible! The tram is very convenient and accessible.  Of course I lost about $100 at the casino but such is Vegas.
I'm biased towards Mandalay Bay and The Hotel because of the beach area. We stayed at The Hotel last summer and it is more luxurious, but when you're making daily walks through their lobby to get to the cardio room and beach it gets a little annoying. Here, you hop on the elevator and with one stop you're there. . . Accommodations in the rooms were classy. Beds were comfortable, bathrooms were spacious with a shower, tub and separate toilet room. The mini TV in the bathroom didn't hurt either. I spent a lot of time on the L-couch watching TV and falling asleep. The air inside the room was very dry, but I will say the nicer the hotel, the better the air quality/ventilation. I'd pick a stuffy nose over smoke in my lungs any day. Taking 3 showers a day probably didn't help either.. . I tend not to try many restaurants inside the hotels since I feel their overpriced, so I can't comment on any of those. Sure, it's on the end of the Strip, but if you care about hotels like I do, you're going to spend a lot of time in the rooms so you want them to be nice. I don't do too much walking on the Strip, so using the freeway gets me to where I want to go anyways. . . So far Palazzo and Mandalay/The Hotel are my favorites here!
Very classy and family friendly hotel. The pools are amazing for kids. One of the few casinos that have excellent ventillation and you can get through it without smoky clothes.
The best hotel experience I have had to date.  So much to do, see and buy, the tub is fabulous, so is the bedding...I've stayed at lots of resort hotels but this one was the best!
I loved being here and the pool was the icing on the cake.  I rarely drink, don't smoke, or gamble. i was in Vegas on business so it was great having an awesome hotel to stay at.  The beach and pool were the best and I wasn't here with my kids.  The wave pool made me feel like a kid again though.  I want to come back with my kids just for the pool.  The aquarium is fun as well.  . Now on to the room.  I had a double queen. There was a TV in the bathroom and oversized bath tub that was freaking awesome.  The bed was not tucked in every day which was nice since I always untuck the sheets.  So they were paying attention to what I like. That is always tops with me.  The rooms were very quiet and the curtains heavy. So the sun din't wake you up in the morning.  I look forward to coming back.
I love this hotel every time I come to Vegas I books room in this hotel.. . Great services great location and amazing view of the pools. I love that is also great for families with kids and it does not smell like bar like most of the other hotels in Vegas.. . If you are in Vegas and looking for a great Hotel to stay in check out the Mandalay Bay...
Mandalay Bay is off the chains.  Never disappoints.  Our last visit was almost a disaster.  Expedia overbooked our suite so the room we reserved wasn't available.  The hotel staff made things right and put us into a Vista suite instead on the 62nd floor.  Talk about an awesome view and humongous suite.... . I'll definitely continued to book this hotel whenever I stay in Vegas.  Not sure why there's so many negative reviews on Yelp but I've never had anything but great service.  Our room was clean and all the staff were super helpful.
This is basically my go to place in Vegas.  They have super specials, a great buffet, and an amazing pool area.  If you haven't tried this hotel yet you should.
Absolute best resort to stay at south of the strip. It is pricey but you get what you pay for. The beach and the pools are awesome. The sights and the sounds are fantastic. I totally reconmend staying here at least once when in vegas.
A Mandalay Bay rep responded immediately to this review. In my book, that's huge.   The subsequent apology and partial refund means all is forgiven.  They deserve another chance, because if they can solve the front desk/computer/booking issues, Mandalay Bay really is a nice place to stay.
Nice classy place, just wish I'd win here!
I've always been a fan of Mandalay Bay and this time I was reassured why. I was booked in a Mandalay Bay Tower Spa Suite and would highly recommend these accommodations to anyone. For one thing, the room was massive and the decor was beautiful and relaxing - imagine a modern twist to the 1970s - cool greens, tranquil browns, soothing colors. We had a king bed which was very comfortable, and most importantly the room was very clean and modern. A nice Jacuzzi tub filled the bathroom which contained a dual his/her sink. The toilet had its own little area which made the bathroom a great place to get ready for multiple people. The service at the hotel is outstanding and a nice rail takes you from the Mandalay Hotel to the Excalibur making travel to the heart of the strip very easy. I would book this hotel again in heartbeat.
Came down to Vegas for the weekend just to relax away from home.. . Stayed in a suite on the 8th floor overlooking the pool area. WOW! The room was clean, spacious, and fairly modern. The bed was super comfortable! Bathroom was large and clean and we even had a shower and SPA bathtub. We ran the jets a bit to get the dirt out though. Had a tv near the bed and in the bathroom facing the spa. We had a family in the room next to us. Kinda sucked because we could hear their kids crying  A LOT and through the night. Luckily, the room is big and it muffles it a bit.. . Spent most of my days there on the Beach Level. There was a variety of pools and spas. A lazy river with waterfall which was fun but TINY and short. The tubes from the Beach area were $25 bucks. Try to bring your own if you can. LOVED the wave pool (its a low and slow wave compared to one I've been too in Sacramento). There are cabanas and seating areas for reserving. The pool chairs that were white (non reserve) were so hard to find without people's towels and stuff on it. Also, when I did leave my beach bag of snacks and towel someone moved it and sat on it anyways. So no guarantee that you stuff will be respected. =P. . Heard the buffet wasn't good so I didn't check it out. The Mandalay Shopping area was cool to check out. Had a really tasty (yet expensive) burger at Burger Bar in this area.. . The line to check in was really long, but at least you get free water! It was like a 15 minute wait to check in. One of the hotels definitely suited for families since there was kids everywhere.. . FYI:  the RESORT FEE isn't for amenities like wi-fi. I worked in city real estate and they charge those fees to help pay for the government bonds they used to make adjustments to the property. For example, the fancy tram (in the hotel) we took to Luxor and Excalibur. Or the extension for Mandalay Place to have shops and maybe even to pay for the parking structure. Nothings ever free!
Beautiful and large hotel. if you are having a problem you can easily talk to staff they are very helpful.. toptional pool, not for kids. cool shark museum and other fun pools for kids. but i would leave kids behind and have a fun time with just grown ups.
In Vegas, new hotels will pop up, so each time you visit something's newer and fancier. We love the beach at Mandalay, so we're always looking for deals in the spring and summer. . . With competitive prices all through the strip, loyalty only comes through customer service. Our recent stay proves this point. . . We got a $40 credit for booking w/ hotels.com to use on a buffet, but the highlight of our trip was provided by Kristin at the front desk (someone give her a raise, please!). . We were visiting the beach area and when we slid our card through the attendant said our card was expired. We said that's impossible because we checked in that day. We told us maybe there was an error in the system, but unfortunately we had to give up our card and go back to the front desk to get a new one. . . After our beach visit, we went back to the front desk and Kristin helped us. We told her what happened and she was very apologetic even mad that we had been treated like that. We told her it was no big deal, but she said the attendant should have called the front desk to confirm to avoid the inconvenience. After apologizing several times more and asking how our trip was so far, she gave us a $75 credit for our troubles! We were shocked by her generosity and thankful for her care.. . To top it off, the next day when we were checking out, they took care of our resort fees ($50) just because of that incident! Sure, there are newer hotels out there, but I'm coming back to Mandalay because of great experiences over and over.
Great place to stay! We had a great time. We stayed at the media suit it looked just like the picture in their website. The beach pool was my favorite. It was busy but customer service was good. Can't wait to go back!!!!!
This hotel is the best if you have kids with you. I planned a last minute trip with just me my 2 kids and their 2 friends (10 years old to 14 years old). Booked a corner 2 room suite. I had one room to myself, 2 kids staid in the living room and 2 in the other bedroom. . . Why so good with kids -- the pools. Other hotels have little gimmicks that are fun for a few minutes but the wave pool at Mandalay was enough to entertain this crew actively all day! The lazy river pool is fun as well especially swimming against the current. But body surfing in the wave pool is the kind of fun that they didn't seem to tire from. . . Other fun things in Vegas with kids are the Pole Position Race Cars and stopping at Calico on the drive back to California.
I have stayed here twice, and can't say enough good about the ambience and quality of the hotel. Staff rules, it doesn't smell like a gross smokey casino, great food . I like you Mandalay , you are awesome
We had a room on the 31st floor. It had a great view of the strip with lots of wonderful places to eat and shop. The ATM fee was one of the cheaper places to get money. Now the buffet was okay, I did prefer the one at the Rio hotel however the sit down restaurants were better quality and choices than anywhere else on the strip. House of blues was amazing, the burger bar was very loud but delicious, and they have an Irish pub filled with traditional eats and the best pint of Guinness that I have ever had.
The ultimate Mega Resort still is one of MGM's prized properties! Located on the south end of the strip, you really don't have to leave this place... You have their sister hotels - Luxor, Excalibur, NYNY and MGM Grand as other options within walking distance or tram. They provide a range of gaming options and tons of dining to satisfy anyone's palate. Their man made beach is amazing and they also have a poolside casino (not actually poolside) but offers the best views since its on the second floor and air conditioned if it's too hot and you don't have a cabana. During the summer they also host concerts at night! Give them a try... Spend a little more and upgrade to The Hotel at the Mandalay Bay and enjoy the extra space and premium strip view, you won't regret it.
Stayed here a few times, On my last visit I got a 1500x3 suite. I've stayed here before and they are very roomy and spacious. Perfect for my fam trip! Each room is equipped with their own bathroom, and hot tub. (sometimes only 1 room has a hot tub) I love how th curtains open up with a push of a button.. . Anyway, my main reason for staying here if the pool. I brought my daughter along with me who loves to be in the water. Mandalay Bay offers and kiddy pool, wave pool, lazy river, hot tubs, and private cabana area's. I could literally stay out there all day, every day.. . I really dont have anything negative to say about this place, only that I love all its amenitties. . . Oh, and if you have the chance to go up to the Foundation Room you wont regret it. Probably the best view in Vegas!
This is a gorgeous hotel! Everything about this hotel screams luxury. Love it.
I love this hotel! I have such good memories here in times past and I was just here recently for the Magic sourcing show. . . Okay, so technically, I didn't really leave the hotel... technically.. because of long work hours..but.. why  would I want to leave? There's so much to do here! . . After work, I ate at the buffet restaurant,  went to all of the clubs and lounges, bought a toothbrush (then lost it) , tried a triple shot something at Starbuck's (I'll never do that again) , sipped 3 drinks one night (which was really like 1 1/2 drink), ate chocolate cake and champagne in the middle of the night...pretty much everything  Jennifer Garner's character in "13 Going on 30" and I  could have asked for.  I did stay here at one point with a work friend and I enjoyed my stay very much.
My company had a managers conference here. Amazing place to stay! The staff was very attentive, room service was top notch, and the housekeeping was great!
Great trip to Mandalay bay.  We had no issues or problems.  Per my own rules a five star review is warranted as I would travel specifically to return to this location.  . . Food was top notch.  Had the best steaks of our lives at StripSteak.  Excellent hamburgers and beer at Burger Bar.  Craps tables were $15 min both Sat and Sun.. . Checkin: We arrived on a Friday in late September at 8pm.  Less than a 10min wait and no problems with our room.  Rooms were well appointed and clean.  . . Tip:  Pick the 17th floor or as close as you can to minimize elevator transit times.  We were on floor 31 with a nice view, but most trips required multiple stops. . . Pool:  We booked the stay specifically for the pool and were not disappointed! Sand, chairs, lazy river, two pools and a fun but quickly boring wave pool. Saturday we arrived at 9am and had no trouble getting seats.  We stayed until 3pm.  It was really busy at 11am and beyond, but what do you expect.  Been to MGM Grand and Mirage and those pool ares were just as busy but not nearly as nice   Reserve chairs were $50 each, but they were always available so if you need one... . The pool was amazing.  They could do more to make the wave pool more fun, such as allowing rafts or increasing the wave frequency (currently one per minute).  They seem overly concerned with safety...I don't usually say that but wow they are careful and stringent on the rules.. . Tip: The sun gets pretty intense.  If you want shady seats look for the chairs between the wave pool and the lazy river or near the West Lagoon cabanas.  . . Event center:  Attended a concert.  Good clean facility.  A little dated, but did the trick.. . Shopping: Marketplace has some shopping.  Connects to Luxor if you are looking for cheaper tables or a darker sadder casino experience.  Bodies was there and is worth checking out.. . Kids:  The little people almost always annoy me!  Just seeing a child on a trip to Vegas makes me angry.  Still there were not that many, even at the pool, and most parents immediately corrected the children.  So not a big deal.. . Overall a great trip that met expectations with none of the problems encountered by other reviewers.  The people were not old, the casino was super clean, the rooms were nice.  What's the problem?
The room service creme brulee was the best we had in Vegas, and we tried quite a few.
Stayed here with wifey last year for my birthday. Room was clean and spacious. Restaurants were plentiful and the breakfast buffet was on point. Hit it up two mornings in a row. Only con was the long wait for the elevators, especially after 4pm. Didn't get to check out the pool/beach though. . Side note: On the night we checked in, as we were getting on the elevator, Manny Pacquiao was getting off it. Awesome start to the trip. This was one night before his 3rd fight with Juan Manuel Marquez
Okay so this is one place I forgot to review on my Las Vegas adventures or last year and in the past.  I love this Hotel, I'll admit this past trip in 2011, I didn't get to spend as much time here. It is a bit out of the way if you are walking there even from somewhere like New York New York, yes there is the tram though that can take you all the way to the destination.  I remember walking here though straight maybe every time in 2009, when I was here.  However in 2011, took the tram only.  There are alot of restaurants, shopping areas to see.  I didn't really gamble here, was not feeling so lucky at the machines.  . - I never got to see the Shark Reef Aquarium.  I passed right by there but never fit it in my schedule.  . . -Hotel buffet here I heard was really good but I just ate at the House of Blues and did enjoy myself greatly.  I look forward to coming back here again next visit and maybe see a UFC fight or Boxing match here.  This is to me one of the best hotels just to walk around and sight see the entire place. It looked very beautiful, the whole place really.
Mandalay Bay is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas. I love it because they have my favorite room - the two bedroom X3 suite. I typically have a lot of girls in my group and that means we need more than one bathroom. The X3 has a king bed in one bedroom and two queen beds in another. Each large bedroom has a huge bedroom with two sinks. That's 4 sinks in the joint. This suite accommodates 6 girls very comfortably. Last trip, we had 8 ladies in the group so I booked the GR suite next door and it was a perfect for us to have the entire corner of the floor. . . I also love the pool area. I prefer a bungalow or a cabana, but the regular areas are great too. . . I used to live in Las Vegas and have a lot of friends that still live there. Mandalay Bay is conveniently located at the end of the strip by the airport and Town Square. My friends can easily pick me up without battling the entire length of the strip. . . I wish they had some nightlife. When is Rum Jungle going to be redone?
This casino is very classy. It's a great place for concerts and sporting events. The restaurant selection is amazing such as Stripsteak and Burger Bar. The  concert venues are some of the best in town with House of Blues, The Event Center, and poolside Beach concerts.
Oh how I missed thee. I worked at this casino in 2003-2005 and stepping onto the polished stone, and breathing in the familiar smell filled me with glee!. . I ventured from the parking garage and was a little sad to see the Rum Jungle is no longer apart of their vast array of restaurants. The water and fur walls were a favorite of mine. I pointed out to my husband the Red Square (were I once was promised a free meal for 2 there from the owner or manager for solving a riddle while employed at red, white and blue. Come to think of it I never even picked up my first and only paycheck either.) I pointed out that Red Square had an ice bar to keep your vodka the perfect ice cold temperature without watering it down with ice. I showed him the shelves for which you could pay to store your beloved vodka in ice cold temps for you to enjoy when you come for your next visit.. . We walked by Red, White and Blue formerly Bleu Blanc Rouge where I left employment for a management opportunity at another Mandalay Bay restaurant, the Border Grill. (see that review for more insight). . Aureole for the reknown Wine Fairies that are harnessed in to retrieve wine from a tower to high for my comfort.. . China Grill with interesting outhouses for restrooms.. . Starbucks, the main event and then were off to my favorite the Border Grill for lunch outside while overlooking the lazy river and pool area.. . My visit there would have been a little more enjoyable if we walked past the casino but the need to press my luck for riches still sends a shiver through me and reminds me why its best I live in another city for my own survival. All in all it was beautiful and well kept as always and where we will stay on our next visit!
Casino review:. Is the roses I smell? I swear everytime I come into this hotel it smell so nice and refreshing!! . . One of my favorite place to eat is in this hotel, Burger bar, super yummy, I always come here when I go to Vegas. It's a must! . . Set up of casino is nice, tons of machine and tables, cocktail waitress are always walking around to serve you drinks! It's really nice and clean hotel. . . There was a sign that was given to me when I first stepped into this place, sat down to find a cocktail waitress, sat in front of a Roulette machine, put in a dollar, stupid me bet on black BUT I usually always bet on 29, why? It's my daughter's birthday! . Do I even need to explain what happened? Hit 29 black, yay, I won freaking a dollar, verses, 36 to 1! It's a sign! . . Decided to put 20 bucks into a deal or no deal penny machine, why not, I am down so much already, going home broke, so what the hey, just leave it all in Vegas! . . Sat down for 10 mintues, hit the briefcase game and some other wild stuff which gave the highest amount of money you could of gotten was 1,000. Needless to say, I didn't really pay attention until I was offered 34,375 pennies, uhm honey, can you take out calculator for me and figure that out...uhm that's 343.75 babe. WHAT! Deal! Made most of what I lost this weekend. Mandalay Bay, you rock! I shall be back!
It is a pleasure to write an update for a property that is so improved; to be honest, I wasn't expecting great things but these guys really upped their game. I need to personally thank Brittany for her help, she optimises great customer service. Also, I need to give a mention to Jake who made sure everything with our stay was good.. Once again, I will break down the property into the major pros and cons. PROS. Excellent ventilation in the main casino floor means people from California can breathe, quite frankly I cannot understand how people spend any time in some of the other Casinos.. Shops were again excellent, I spent more than I needed to all over the place, I didn't have time to visit Minus 5 this time but I can recommend it.. I enjoyed the pool area for the first time, I went to one of the quieter pools slightly off the beaten track but I prefer to have less people around me, I did walk through the main pool and it looked like fun although a little busy for my taste. Service was fast and efficient and drinks were reasonably priced.. Brittany is quite simply excellent at customer service, if I was in the industry I would steal her away in a heartbeat.. In room internet was excellent, I spent most of one day working from the hotel and enjoyed the speed.. Room excellent . Food service in the property restaurants was above average as was the quality - price comparable to other properties. CONS. I had to think hard on this one, the only bad point I saw was that the 'adult' pool charges males a cover - I guess this is due to some of the Puritan values that came down from the Mayflower and because they can. I didn't bother going in, I am sure that there is nothing I haven't seen before and most of it won't be as nice. I am guessing that the bachelor party set would be fine with it though. It may be my European upbringing but I cannot really see paying to be in a topless area. This appears to be a uniquely American phenomenon
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Mandalay Bay.  Room was very neat and well kept up.  Mattress and pillows were very comfortable.  Bathroom was huge with two sinks and a large tub and separate shower.   Raffles Cafe had really good food.  Spa visit was calm and relaxing and I had a wonderful facial.  Arriving and departing the hotel is made easy due to the upper level for arrivals and the lower level for departures.  Pleasant check-in process.  My only criticism are the elevators -- doors take about a minute to close and the doors open very slowly.  We will definitely return.
This is the best hotel in Las Vegas.  Stayed in the great room with 750 square feet with 2 person spa , it was fabulous. Walking to room people in room next to us had kids who were loud , once we got into our room you couldn't hear a thing. The bed was clean and comfortable , bathroom was perfect for 2 people ,the spa tub was a great way to relax and we had a great view of the strip.  The casino itself  is clean , no smell of smoke and their is something for everyone when it comes to dining and music.
Mandalay Bay is one of my favorite overall casinos/resorts in Vegas.. . Not only do they have decent rates on rooms, but the room sizes are nice and there is plenty to do here.  If only it was more central!  Good locals spot for staycations though!. . They easily have the best pool in Vegas...the only place like it with wave pools, lazy river, and multiple soaking spots in addition to the club pool etc.  As close to Wet and Wild as we have had for years...but that will soon change!. . They also have some really nice restaurants here, including the best burger in Vegas, Burger Bar.  Seriously the most juicy, perfectly cooked Waygu in town, with Foie Gras, Lobster and etc to add to it.  Build your own, it is awesome.. . Give it a go!
Great, spacious room and view. Excellent housekeeping service.. . Bed could be firmer.. . Staff could give better directions to walk to Luxor, parking garage, concierge, etc.. . Check-in takes a bit longer than it should.
This yep is only about the Shark Reef Aquarium at the Mandalay Bay Casino near the Convention Center. The Reef is sponsored by the National Marine Conservation Society. The cost of admittance is $18.00 for adults. Once you walk into the entry door you get your photo taken for later purchase if you like them. The aquarium has a great variety of aquatic sea creatures and plenty of  various types of sharks in a reef setting.  It also has a stingray and horse shoe crab petting pool for the wee ones. I would recommend the aquarium, after all it's refreshing to know that there are other sharks that exist outside the strip in Las Vegas except these are behind a glass enclosure and swim around in circles.
So i enjoy the hotel and my room the Front desk agent  was great and the hotel and casino was so good i would most def come back her to enjoy myself... Only issue i had was the odor in the hallway on the 19th floor smelled of Dog Shit and when i told the maid she did nothing about it or even said i will spray to make the smell go away stayed that way for two days.... and i found that some one spilled a beer in the elevator and i told the front desk and  no one cleaned it up elavtor was still sticky after  4 hours after i express this to front desk took pic of beer bottle and showed it and it wasnt picked up... other then that i had a great time!
You don't disappoint me at all. Everything here is super nice. Thank you Mandalay Bay for the best 4 nights ever.
Very nice for a conference and enjoyable all around.
EZ Baccarat game available!. . I haven't been to Mandalay Bay for a while and I'm glad I decided to visit their casino last weekend.  I've been trying to look for an EZ Baccarat game for a long time since Paris removed it some 2 years ago.  EZ Baccarat is a pretty popular game for Asian Southern Californians and it puzzled me that the websites of Strip hotels seem to suggest that they don't offer this game.  . . So, I played at the Palace station where they advertise this game.  Then one of the people I was playing with, mentioned that they offer it in Mandalay Bay.  And yes, they do.
One of my favorite Vegas casinos.... I don't know if this is still possible, but when I stayed here with my better half, the 20 dollar trick netted us an upgrade to THE Hotel - which easily earns Mandalay Bay five stars!
The best of everything absolute the finest things in life.. The penthouse was amazing!!!!
Mandalay Bay has gone above and beyond to exceed my expectations.  I received an email from Ms. Tanner in Guest Relations regarding my recent stay.  She expressed her apologies on behalf of the resort, provided a generous partial refund and offered to have me back for a night to make up for my disappointment.  Mind you, I didn't ask for anything, just offered up my opinion based on a recent stay.  This is the type of Outstanding service Mandalay Bay is known for and the reason I will be back for another amazing visit.  Thank you Ms. Tanner and Mandalay Bay!
Its a very nice hotel at the south end of the strip. Staffs are friendly. I like staying here because crowd is lesser than the hotels at the north side.
had some hiccups during my stay, but customer service overall was fantastic, they made it right, and of course its the only place to stay if you have kids.  pool is great
I have stayed here twice. I loved it both times. The beach is one of a kind and amazing, it gets pretty packed so trying to find a seat can be hard. The service was great, at check in the man was very nice and told us what was going on in town that week. The room service is eh, but the room was very nice and really clean, I on the 23rd floor with an amazing view of the strip. I will be staying here again this summer!
Love it here. Friends wedding, great room and pool - what more can you expect. The breakfast buffet was fantastic - I think I ate my weight in eggs benny and shrimp! They had a great variety and it was a blast.
The rooms are great and you can usually get great deals online. They always have great concerts going on and in the summer they have concerts out at the pool which is like a beach. They have stuff for the kiddos to do like the Shark Reef.
It's pretty simple, when we go to Las Vegas we stay at the Mandalay Bay. Although it's not in the center of the strip it has everything you're looking for, beautiful rooms, good places to eat and the best pool/lazy river/wave pool in town. A couple recommendations on places to eat when you come are as follows. Burger Bar, amazing food and a great atmosphere. Charlie Palmers Steakhouse which is technically at the Four Seasons but it's right downstairs. And lastly Trattoria Del Lupo from Wolfgang Puck. 7th time in Vegas, 7th time at the Mandalay
Great resort and great pools. They treat their VIPS right!
I loved Mandayay Bay Resort & Casino. It was clean, beautiful, fun, our room was georgous!  So much to do there, good entertainment, good food. Had a great time and we will go back soon!
If there is heaven on earth this is the place, the moment you walk in you are treated like royalty, The main or casino floor amazing. The boyfriend has taken me here many times to spend a night of playing tourist! Super Fun . The room was spotless and the staff was very helpful, I forgot a few things and the front desk came to my rescue
The Mandalay Bay is my favorite hotel on the strip!  I love the atmosphere, the great selection of restaurants and when you walk in this place smells like sunscreen.  This ultimately makes me want to run to their amazing wave pool...I have all night to gamble :)
awesome!!!
Amazing hotel. $20 trick didn't work! Awesome pools. Will stay again!
Never could afford to stay there but I went to their amazing swimming pools several times. I love their lazy pool. Dislike the fact that they charge $30 for an inner tube that cost $5 at Walmart, so bring your own and save. As for Beverages it's over priced, just ask for ice water, it's free
I am a local and my family was coming into town and I decided to join them for a STAYCATION for myself , so I chose Mandalay Bay! From check in to check out everything was perfect. We arrived before the 3pm check in hoping for a room to be available and we were in luck! We came early around 11, and went straight to the pool. The check in were all very friendly and calm despite being as hectic it was with everyone coming through the lines. The young man with glasses helping cue the guests was particularly helpful and expedited us into the proper lines. . . When we got to the room, we were ecstatic with the view! We were facing the strip straight on, it looked like a postcard:) The beds were comfy and the bathtub was so indulgent I took 5 baths in 2 days! The room layout was spacious and the room attendants were always there to show us where the ice was and got us more towels and shampoos. The only thing I would improve in the room is and update of the restaurants and amenities. I know there are new attractions and other ones that have closed down, and they still have the Lion King Information under the shows. . . We did attend the MJ Show in fact ( my second visit) and it was must as passionate and vibrant as the first time. Anyone will love this show, any age and demographic. We loved the paparazzi attacks in the beginning showing the chaos that The One must have felt.  The energy was high and even a person who may not like MJ door his eccentric life, they would really see his true art and creativity and there was a moment that just made the whole crowd silent, its the scene where you can hear MJ talking about his pain and it was genuine and that he did suffer quite a bit. I appreciate MJ much more now after this show, because it has kept him alive and shown his worldwide influence on every level. This is the ONE show to see in Vegas, every seat is intimate and you will leave inspired.. . For dinner we went to Mix and the views were breathtaking. My family was awestruck. The food and service were as good as it gets, and our waitress kept us very well taken care of. We even gave her a hug on the way out. Do the Cod Entree it's the best dish I've ever tried. The shrimp cocktail and shrimp from the chef were making us want more.. . Then there is the pool and beach! It's like being transported to Mexico or the Caribbean.  It is the best pool in Vegas, the drinks were also a very good price. Danielle was very friendly and kept us happy. Do wear your sandals on the way to the pool, the sand is quite hot otherwise and you will feel the burn. I like how the pool hours are open very early at 8am and closing at 7pm, it let's you enjoy your beach time without worrying about time.. . I'll only stay at MB in the future, it is a true resort that can't be matches to any other spot on the Strip. When people ask where am I going on vacation, I won't be saying  Las Vegas, I'll tell them I'm traveling to Mandalay Bay.
Been here 3 times, love the wave pool and restaurants.
This place was great! This was our first time to Vegas and it was a pleasure. The staff was friendly, the price was great, the view was amazing, the room was clean. Everything that you could have asked for.. We did not get to go down to the pool because we were there racing for the weekend, but I plan to go back and check it out the next time we are in Vegas. It looked amazing!
Mandalay is always the first choice when a few friends and I decide to be spontaneous and take a trip up to Vegas.  I've stayed here six times now within the last two years and never had an issue.  Rooms are always clean, spacious and have everything pretty much needed.  I come here to tear $*!^ up so I'm not too meticulous on the condition on the rooms, so long as they appear to be clean when I arrive!  Haha!  I'm here to get dirty; it is Sin City after all!  First stay here the toilet wasn't working, called the front desk, and immediately someone was sent up to fix it.  Bell desk guys are always giving good tips on the hot spots around.  Not too big into room service but there's no complaints while I'm drunk at 5 am and a want a hefty portion.  I've even decided to take a last minute trip on New Year's Eve and Mandalay was quick and easy to book.  Great price too for being New Years.  MLife does have its rewards!  . . Best time tocome here, or Vegas for that matter as the real Vegas party-go'er knows, is the summertime!  Best pool in Vegas to just hang out, meet new people, have some good drinks.  Or bring a plastic bottle of your favorite concoction!  Went to Moorea this April and got a good deal on a Cabana for me and my girlfriend (2 bills)  Better than just getting a lounge chair (150).  Entrance was free for women and $15 for men on the day that I went, not bad.  Good stiff drinks got the job done on my lady ;).  Women here weren't shy at all.  Good intimate pool party if you want to get away from the larger ones and just chill out and actually meet people.  Haven't had a chance to check out the Light clubs yet.  . . Like every other hotel, Mandalay offers a large variety of food choices.  Burger Bar in the Mandalay Shops is by far my favorite.  Great beer selection and I can make my own burger with kobe beef, can't go wrong with that!  The little cafe out in the pool is good for a quick bite and Raffles Cafe is good for late night.  Although I haven't seen it open too late recently, I went at 3 am for New Years, so it may have been just for that night-not too sure.  Went to the House of Blues one day for brunch, had some jambalaya which was pretty good, not spicy enough though.  Been to MIX twice and both were great experiences.  Best service I've ever had anywhere, food is well worth the price, not too expensive, at least in my opinion it wasn't.  . . Great place to lay some chips down and play some craps and roulette.  I stay away from the blackjack tables now (I've lost way too much here lol!)  The dealers are friendly and willing to show you how to play if you're a beginner.. All in all, Mandalay is a great place to stay in.  The only downside is that it's in the beginning of the strip, so getting around might take you a little longer than expected, but that doesn't deter me and shouldn't deter you from staying here!
We were just passing through Vegas for one night and stayed here. We were traveling cross country and had our dog with us. They were very accommodating and pet friendly. They gave him a treat and even had a menu he could order a snack from:)
best place ever!! i freakin enjoyed everything about this place!! will def. be returning esp for their buffet!! ten thumbs up!!
I may be biased when I write this review because my experience at this casino was in a penthouse suite.... my daughter enjoyed the private lounge with unlimited sodas and snacks but it did not at all take away appetite for the most amazing room service breakfast on the Las Vegas strip! Their crepes are absolutely delicious! The staff was very cautious to who entered the suite access allowing us to feel safe and secure 24/7 since the hotel is considerably large. I would not stay there any other way but in their penthouse suites. It is a perfect location for those who do not want to be in the middle of the strip party. It is a great hotel for the seasoned Vegas traveler.
my fav casino thus far!!! it has a unique coconut, flower-y scent and crisp tones everywhere.  I've been to many concerts there; I highly suggest the ones on the beach! it is fun to listen to a buffet or beach boys type band on the water.  the parking is easy for me to get in and out! ok, so the rooms: awesome! they are awesome! I like the layout and access to the rooms. I fell in love when I first met the Mandalay bay! I hope we never fight or break up. lol!!! the access to and from the Luxor is interesting and FUN! if you have a chance go to the cafe: Raffles during lunch and get some crispy buttered baked rolls! they are lovely and yummm, just watch your waistline. lol. oh, I do want to request to the cafe: please bring back the old cafe attire. idk, it was simple,.yet sharp and almost first class! thx! keep it Up
I stayed here for a company vacation. We had over a couple thousand people with us and man. Mandalay handled everything. They were amazing. I even got a sweet room upgrade. I got a spa suite. It was amazing the furniture was really cool too. The room was spacious and the bathroom was so big and pretty. I would definitely go back again.
Ok in November you can sit on a beach and drink margaritas! Loved the wave pool! It is heated to a nice temp,  We had a room on the 20th floor but were not in the room a lot, the bed was comfy and clean!  The soaking tub was a plus,  grab the monorail and check out the other side of the strip!!,
The Mandalay Bay - The Hotel  there rooms are awesome especially the The Queen suite its nice and comfortable and roomy and at a very decent price and even more cheap if your with Mlife !!!
My wife and I stayed here this past weekend and it was a great place to stay. We were very impressed with the service, the physical plant, and the activity inside the casino. I would tell anyone I know that this is a great place to stay and a very nice hotel. Our room was beautiful and clean, the people were very nice, and most of all it was very FUN! I really enjoyed our stay here, and we had a great time at the wine bar: http://www.charliepalmer.com/aureole-las-vegas. . Also, if you love sharks, you gotta check it out. I actually ran through the exhibit with a Go Pro on my head, which should be a lot of fun once we see the footage! ;)
This hotel smells like heaven (or Hawaii) throughout. What a restful, beautiful, and impressive place to stay amidst the hubbub of Las Vegas. I can't imagine staying anywhere else anytime soon. Staff is so gracious as well, and you don't come away smelling like an ashtray either.
Professional and courteous staff. Free wifi in the room for work and no overrides on the tv so you can relax and play games. Living it vegas style!  Thank you!
a band called Fun played my party here.   How cool is that?  I've been here many times, always enjoy it.  Best place to stay is the Four Seasons inside Mandalay Bay.
