There is no other better place to have a buffet than the Wynn. Bellagio is second, but does not compare to the Wynn buffett selection.
Cashed in on the Expedia save $300 deal and got a flight from LAX to Vegas and 1-night at the Wynn (+$100 resort credit for food/bev) for $1.63. Yep, you read that correctly...1 dollar, 63 cents.. . The hotel itself wasnt too crowded for holiday season. Check-in was smooth and painless. I was able to check-in at 9AM, even though the listed time is 3PM. Very convenient!. . I stayed in a Deluxe Panoramic View room on the "59th" floor. Really I think its the 49th since the elevator skips 10 floor numbers. Not sure whats going on there. The rooms are pretty nice and definitely have a luxurious feel. The decor was okay, not really my style. No complaints at all about the room. The room controls are actually pretty cool. Make you you press "ALL ON" when you walk into the room. Most reno's on the strip are adding those features.. . The Terrace Pointe Cafe at the Wynn is pretty good. The Sangria was reasonably priced and delicious.The Mahi Mahi Tacos were awesome! Not too filling which was good since we were hitting the buffet later on.. . The Wynn Buffet is one of the best on the strip. I still think the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort Spa Casino in Henderson beats the Wynn's buffet hands down (and its cheaper). Check it out.. . The 24-hour cafe is way overpriced. I got a Turkey/Brie sandwich for $10.50 which was smaller than a Subway 6". I'm glad it was on the Wynn's tab.. . My group showed up to Blush lounge a little late (11, 11:30) and they tried to charge us full price ($30 guys, $20 girls) as hotel guests. Shady..no thanks. We took off and went to club Moon at the Palms and had an great time!. . Overall, my stay was great. Free food, free room, free trip! My total at checkout after the resort fee was about $40. However, I probably wouldn't stay here on my next trip. I'll probably checkout the newer properties like Aria and the Cosmopolitan. Props to anyone else that got on that expedia deal!
I've had the pleasure of being an Invited VIP since this hotel had it's grand opening and I must say...This is THE PREMIER Hotel in the world period.  Nothing comes close to staying at the Wynn or it's sister property The Encore.. . From the moment you drive up to the valet you get the feeling you are in a very exclusive place.  Privacy is of key importance and this Hotel while visible from the strip is tucked away among a great forest of trees and water falls.  The Wynn caters to it's hotel guests and treats them like the VIPs they are.  It's rather humorous that everyone refers to you as Mr. "your last name" whenever you are asking for service.  If you are not a guest do NOT expect the same treatment.. . This is not your typical "Vegas style" hotel in the sense that there is absolutely nothing average about or in it...Including food prices.  It is hard pressed to find a meal under $15 (sandwich or hamburger) let alone feed a family of 4 under $100 (if you're paying for it).  This is a 5 star AAA 5 diamond resort so the rooms are spectacular after the redesign, restaurants are also 5 star and the executive chef is always present, and the shops are equivalent to shopping on Rodeo Drive.  If you have the means, this is the place...If you're on a budget there is the "Mall" across the street with a food court.. . A little known secret is to have brunch at the Country Club past the Buffet.  The prices are reasonable ($30 per) for food and beverage but it over looks the Golf course and there is Patio dinning as well.  . . Also contrary to popular belief, I have 2 children that travel with me (ages 3 and 7) and if you are a guest in the hotel they treat you and the children like GOLD.  If you have a stroller they will tag it with a Wynn strap and you are free to roam anywhere.  If you are not a guest they do NOT allow anyone under 18 or strollers anywhere on the property.  I've been here so many times many of the bell hops and restaurant servers know my children by name.. . Cheers!
Superb!  Amazing suites..the bathroom itself could make a hotel room in any other casino.  Great accommodations, pool, restaurants..the buffet is decent (the best thing worth eating was the ravioli).  If I could stay here every time I came to Vegas, I would
Wynn = Winnn. . Salon Suite was awesome, pricey, but Awesome!
It is my desire for this hotel to be within my budget any time I visit town. My goodness, it smells really good, our view was BEAUTIFUL (facing the immense golf park and landing strip).... . AND THEY DON'T ALLOW STROLLERS in their aisle ways (I do not hate children, I just do not the understand the concept of pushing a baby around at inappropriate places). . . I felt safe too, because they often checked for your hotel key card prior to entering the elevators that lead to the suites. They really monitor everything here, as I observed two ladies being stopped and diverted by hotel security when they appeared to be "indecent", wearing towels over their swimsuits in their heels. . . Our two bedroom suite was gorgeous, clean, and just heaven. The homebody in me wanted to stay in for most of the trip. Big LCD screen, soft beds and lots of pillows, and a gorgeous bathroom with two sinks and another tv-which was much appreciated when applying make up.. . Great shopping, casinos don't smell so strongly of smoke, large clean pools.They often have some big name shows too. . . Deliiiggghtful. If you can manage to get a free room and or shell out the large clams, definitely stay here. I loved it so much here, that I even bought their oil scent that they mist the hotel with. ;)
I was here this past weekend for the second time.  I was there the first month it opened.  I loved it then in May and loved staying there in January as well.  This is one of the best hotels i have stayed at.  I  have been to many Ritz and Four Seasons...and this by far is the most AMAZING.  Food choices, staff, rooms = fantastic!!!!
I have stayed at several hotels in Las Vegas and hands down this is the best yet. Yes it has amazing decor, food, nightlife, etc, but in this case what put the icing on the cake was the customer service. Everyone from the front desk to the cleaning staff are sweet and super helpful. Everyone has a big smile on their face all the time - and that to me is the epitome of a great hotel.
Steve Wynn, you are a genius! I wish one day to meet you and understand your approach to business and life. Anything this man touches, turns into a success.. . Wynn and Encore are my favorite places to stay, dine, and entertain in Las Vegas. One thing i do miss about the Wynn, is the restaurant by Daniel Boulud. things that i highly recommend visiting at the wynn include: dinner at SW, cocktails out on the pond, partying it up at XS, gambling at Encore (for some reason, i have better luck at Encore), and golf. . . I also feel that Wynn has probably the best comps in Vegas so make sure you register yourself before gaming.
I really do want to do give a 4.5 but alas.. we can't do half stars.  I recently stayed here on a business trip and the half star would only be because they did not warn on the pre-authorization form that I would have to pay $150 a night for incidentals.  I thought the whole purpose of the pre-authorization form was so that all charges would go on the company card that I did not have in my hands.. . But I have to first say - this is a HUGE step up from the Rio last year. The staff were all very friendly, the rooms were incredibly nice, and there are so many restaurants, bars, clubs, etc that I never had to leave the casino. . . For the conference that was also held in the hotel, they offered quite the extensive coffee/tea bar for free that was much appreciated for late nights and early mornings that come with a conference.. . The bathtubs are awesome - really big - and the flat screen in the bathroom makes for a perfect relaxing last night for a bubble bath, movie and glass of red wine :). . Oh and the singing frog/ floating head show at the waterfall is entertaining.. a little freaky.. but entertaining.... . The only downside is that it is the Wynn so on the high side of prices for food, drinks and basically everything.  But well worth it!
This hotel had many things to offer. I loved how the area was clean and spacious. The bars and lounges were excellent and the high end gambling sections were nice. The buffet was soo good!
i love the wynn!! plus, its even better when you go through hotwire :). . the rooms are really spacious and they have the cafe downstairs thats open when you are stumbling back to your room and drunk and hungry!  macaroons while drunk? best thing ever!!
4.5 stars. Here we go, HEAD TO HEAD COMPARISON:  Stayed at Encore one-year ago--slightly more stunning (bigger/more stylish rooms in comparison to "Wynn").  This is uber-luxury as all the reviews will signal to you.  A couple reviews below, a gentlemen suggested that he would stay "someplace nicer" next time to LV.  Sir, I would like to fight you--such a place does not exist!. . Wynn (and Encore also) is impeccably clean, doesn't cater to children, and will cost you at each turn.  Room service/ minibar prices are out of sight.  We always eat a meal or two on the property and explore the Strip and Vegas for the rest (only so many meals you can schill before the receipts in your wallet start to haunt you).. . The Wynn resort rooms were recently renovated in Fall, 2010, including updates on colorings of hallways, bedding, artwork, curtains in the room, and furniture upgrades. Spa (per the Wife) is lovely and service was top notch on a custom massage.  Nice "private" entry via the room elevators (Though she informs me that the spa at Encore feels more "secluded" vis-a-vis the Salon and people coming and going).. . No real problem of note: the ludicrous $129 in minibar charges (ONLY 8 items!!) appeared on my television guest bill folio.  These were quickly removed with a single call to the front desk (and a single inquiry to me ["Sir is it possible that someone put anything/ moving anything in fridge?"  Me: "No ma'am, we only dared examine the $12 bag of potato chips; we didn't even open the fridge during our stay!"].  This too is illustrative of the attitude you'll find--you're the boss, you just have to pay SW's price (which BTW, slow season rates continue to bewilder--midweek under $150 per night= absolute bargain).. . Restaurants are top notch at both properties.  But "Wynn's Casino"  has the advantage, IMO, on size, feel, traffic, and most of all--the only poker room between the properties is housed at Wynn's casino space.. . SW- I admire you. You are a business hero; your personal style is iconic and I love to visit your world.  I confess that I actually watch your Wynn promo [NOTE: yes, i said "PROMO"] programming more than I watch television channels during the few moments of down time.
I had a fantastic stay this week at the Wynn Tower Suites! Rm 3404 had close proximity to the elevator (perfect for those late night walks back to the room in uncomfortable heels!) but not too close from a noise standpoint and it had an amazing view of the golf course from enormous floor to ceiling picture windows. . . I had reserved a King room at the Wynn on an email promotional rate of $129/ nt, but when I checked in, I was offered an upgrade to the Wynn Tower Suites for $25/ nt more. Because the mandatory Wynn "Resort Fee" of $20/ nt which covers internet & fitness club access) is waived in the Tower Suites area of hotel, the net out of pocket was only $5/nt so I happily agreed, especially as my King Tower Suite was available immediately when I was checking in at around noon. . . The other big advantages of the Tower Suites side of hotel is how quiet and secure it is in the VIP area including a private entrance for check in/out and quick taxi service plus a dedicated restaurant called Tableau with excellent mid-priced food and warm, personal service for Tower guests.. . The suite itself was spacious and well laid out with a sitting area, a swivel flat screen which could be easily viewed from bed or living room area. The bed and pillows were fantastic and the lemongrass bath amenities were generously sized and of a high quality. Wi-fi was fast and reliable. :) . . Oh- one last note: I forgot a small item in the room and called from the airport to ask if they could look for it and not only did the hotel staff react immediately and call me back within about 30 min to tell me that they had found it, they UPS overnighted it to my home address at no charge! GREAT service!! . . I can't wait to reserve a stay here again and I will do everything I can to finagle an upgrade to the Tower Suites either during the reservation or check in process. It was a bit of relaxed heaven in chaotic Las Vegas!
Ballin'!!  Love this place to stay or play.  I definitely try to stay here when i am in town.  This place is very classy with it's beautiful decor.  Also, club  XS is here!!  The buffet is not shabby at all...but i usually prefer to dine at their other restaurants in the casino.
I absolutely LOVE this hotel and it is one of my top 3 hotels in Vegas! Pool, spa, big rooms, big tub, windows, awesome bed, curtain open/closes at the touch of a button, comfy robes... HEAVEN!
Bartolotta Di Mare Restaurant was absolutely amazing!. . The seafood is flown in daily from Italy.. . The palates are incredibly mouth watering even though its served in small portions. . . The hotel is beautiful!
Beautiful hotel with a great shopping Esplanade (can you beat 2 chanel stores and hermes in one place, Ummm NOPE)!!!. . I played craps here and really enjoyed the Casino and the dealers, who were very helpful to a Newb like me.  . . Most importantly, THANK YOU STEVE WYNN for having Garth Brooks . . . I will continue returning so long as Garth is performing here . ..  otherwise, I may have to head over to Caesar's Palace to see Celine.. . Well, at least if Garth leaves SW Steakhouse is at this hotel . . . beware reading my SW review, it's pretty XXX rated!!
Really a very nice hotel, they took care of us, very spacious Tower suite The views were outstanding.  The hotel staff did an outstanding job taking care of us. . . Bartolotta Di Mare does good as it gets. As a foodie I am very particular when it comes to fine dinning and this restaurant was spot on.. .  I will continue to book my Las Vegas stays here.
I absolutely love, love, LOVE The Wynn! Some of my favorite Vegas memories live here. Unlike other casinos, I can actually breathe in clean air and not walk around teary eyed and irritated by all the second hand smoke. The ventilation is superb, the modern decor is elegant and captivating, and you're bound to wake up with a story worth telling after partying at the Wynn (or Encore). . . Home of one of my favorite pools on the strip. They have a European-style pool sectioned off from the minors. So yes, you may catch a glimpse of more skin than usual...but hey, it's Vegas. There's no surprises here. As crowded as this pool can get, there's always plenty of lounge chairs up for grabs. There's even a few tables outside overlooking the water, so if sunbathing isn't in your interest, feel free to gamble away. The Wynn Buffet is also not something you want to miss out on. They serve a wide variety of ethnic cuisines and some of the best Alaskan crab legs in town. . . The ample sized rooms are beautifully decorated, and unfortunately, can cost and arm and a leg. Believe me, it's worth staying here. My only gripe is how dimly lit the living room can be. Not a girl's best friend if she's trying to put on her makeup in the hallway. There's always some kind of deal for players card members that include discounted rooms and resort credits. The front desk always tells me I can't use the credit to pay for a part of the room, but it still gets taken out during check out anyway. . . This place will make you fall in love with Vegas, so get ready.
We don't go to Vegas much, but the last time we did we stayed at the Wynn.  It was AWESOME!!  From the moment we walked up to the front door we were treated like VIP's.  From the doorman, to the girl at the front counter, everyone that works there knows what customer service means.. . We paid a little more to get a room near the top and it was worth it.  The room was great.  Very nicely decorated and the bed was soooooo comfortable.  . . I'm not a kid person, so I really liked that they have an adult's only pool.. . About the only bad thing about the place was that you can hear the music from the dance club that is on the other side of the pool at night.  That club must be hella loud because we were near the top of the hotel and I could still hear the pulse of the bass.. . The Wynn is a great hotel with a great staff.  We will definitely stay there again if we go back to Vegas.
This place is beautiful.  All the employees were so nice.
High five and low ten to the Wynn empire. These ballers know how to roll. The decor is a little oddball, but I guess that's the style there were going for. Oddball or not, everything feels glamorous and expensive. The room I stayed in was on the 57 floor; in the corner; AWESOME! So comfortable and roomy, I wish i could live there (or go back this weekend!). XS is by far my favorite club -the crowd is hip and the DJ is bumpin! . Service is great, staff are friendly. There is really no where I can complain about anything. I drank like a fish and didn't even get a hangover; and I thank the Wynn for that little extra bit of magic. . Worth mentioning, the water pressure is so amazing. It wasn't very water-wise, but I took showers just to be blasted in the most heavenly spray from shower heaver. Now that I have experienced it, I will definitely stay here every time I come to Vegas. It is pricey, but worth every shiny penny for memories that you don't remember having!
Stayed 3/11 - 3/13 with a few buddies to support a friend who was fighting that weekend.  Booked a room via Priceline for $149/night and upon arrival upgraded to the Tower Suites (#2201) for an additional $100/night.  Seemed like a great deal split amongst the 5 of us..  . Room slept 5 rather comfortably including those who slept on floor and  couch...panoramic view of the golf course, 1000 square feet, 2 restrooms, even all toiletries were included..  . Best of all, the Tower Suites were literally within 15 yards of every imaginable necessity.  Pool?  "Secret" taxi line? Check-in desk?  Check, check and check.  Valet retrieved vehicle in midst of my third drag on a cigarette every damn time.  How dare they be so quick..  . All staff were personable, knowledgeable, helpful without an once of pretension or visible frustration.  I get the sense every employee regardless of their position on the org. chart had a healthy degree of pride and fulfillment in their given roles.. . Wynn has officially set the standard for customer service.
The Wynn is like the popular cheerleader in highschool, everyone wants to be her, and it is forever what you compare everything else to.  . . I have stayed here twice now, and after a recent one night stay after staying at the Venetian, I realized just how superior it is compared to every other hotel in Las Vegas.  The rooms are STUNNING--absolutely gorgeous, without being over the top.  OUrs was on the 6th floor done in whites, and beige, with a beautiful bathroom, huge tub, and stand up shower.  We had a view of the Encore, but I didn't mind.  The staff is the most friendly staff I have ever encountered, always quick to tell you a true Vegas story or sighting, and have always been the most helpful with questions, or suggestions.  The service is immpecable.  The property is ALWAYS looking well kept and beautiful, with some of the best shopping inside.  (Cartier, Rolex, ect)  The selection of dining, bars, and gambling is the best in Las Vegas.  I don't know if I can ever cheat on the Wynn again, being I just keep coming back to it over and over again.
The most amazing hotel I have ever had the pleasure of staying in. My friends and I miraculously got some deal here for spring break and it worked out to be super cheap for us to stay here for a week. We were probably the only people there under 35 and were definitely the only spring break students. This suspicion was only proven when we called the front desk one night at 4am asking for late night pizza delivery places and they had no idea who to call (they ended up looking in the phonebook for us). . . All kidding aside, this is an absolutely magnificent hotel. The lobby, clubs, and shops were all beautiful, expensive, and of the highest quality. Our room was extremely spacious and we had a breathtaking view of The Strip out the window. Whenever you laid down on the bed you could not help but melt into it and fall instantly asleep since it was so comfortable. There was enough space in the bathroom to handle the cosmetics and toiletry items five college women on spring break with no problem. . . Although the pool was closed when we visited we did have access to the Encore's amenities instead so we were able to use their pools. Both the standard and "adult" pools were lovely and the jacuzzi was extremely relaxing. With the mall across the street you can also easily go shopping, find some cheap things to eat, or drop by the liquor store inside.. . In summation, the Wynn is absolutely brilliant and no other hotel in Vegas (except the Encore, I guess) can hold a candle to it!
Fantastic hotel with an Incredible lobby. Beautiful large upmarket rooms with remote controlled drapes which open to reveal beautiful floor to ceiling views. A large 46" HDTV swung in front of the bed. High end linen and a huge king sized bed. The bathroom was spacious with a television and marbled floors. Various shopping, restaurants and gorgeous pool. . . We ate at the pool restaurant. The views of course were excellent. The food and service were good. A nice place to enjoy a relaxinglunch.. . I was there for a conference. I called valet in the morning and by the time I walked to the lobby, my vehicle was there. After the conference the valet would park my car. Great hotel for business and pleasure. . . Of course I got the business and my wife got the pleasure! She spent the days resting in bed, reading by the pool or lunching at the restaurant. Something wrong there.. . I got three days at this hotel for $99/day and a $100 credit to use at the hotel. Can't beat that.. . Exc - Rooms, service, lobby, pool, valet.. Good - None.. Ave - None.. Poor -  None.. . WOULD I GO BACK? ABSOLUTELY!
Is there really anything to say about this hotel that hasnt been said before. This place is amazing! The nicest looking casino in Las Vegas. It has the coolest clubs in my opinion (XS, Surrender, Tryst). This place is expensive but in most cases you get what you pay for. You can walk across the street to the surfboard mall (thats what i call it) and get a cheap meal at the food court which has about 20 options.. . If you come to vegas and you have never been to the Wynn you should atleast make some time to come and check this place out, You wont be disappointed!
This is one of my favorite hotels in the world and it's certainly the best one in Las Vegas.  If you can afford to do so I'm not sure why you would want to stay anywhere else on the the Strip.. . The first thing that sets the Wynn apart from any other hotel in the area is the style.  The moment you walk into the resort you feel a distinct sense of place.  You will never completely forget that you are in Las Vegas but I do think Wynn was successful in designing something that feels truly unique and personal compared to so many of the other places in Vegas that are big exercises in brand-y fantasy fulfillment (even the pretty cool new Cosmopolitan hotel is clearly just a Vegas-attempt to create a boutique-on-steroids!)  . . To maintain that distinction here, the design of the hotel goes to great lengths to obfuscate your view of Las Vegas.  Many of the restaurants and bars look out on trees, waterfalls and pools instead of the neon glow of the Strip, which definitely helps to maintain the overall style and feel of the place.  You almost feel like you're in a luxury resort perched somewhere in North Carolina instead of Nevada.  Don't worry, for those of you who came to Las Vegas to experience the city itself, all of the Strip-facing rooms have some of the best views of the place possible.. . Beyond gambling there are a bunch of good places to eat (most require separate reviews) and drink.  I've been to Tryst and while it's not really my kind of vibe I can definitely recommend the place to the average, classy-ish young/middle-aged person who wants to spend a fair bit of cash to hook up with someone.  I loved the SW Steakhouse, the now-defunct Boulud restaurant and even the little coffee shop near the end of the shops.  About the only thing I wouldn't recommend is Alex but I want to eat there one more time before writing up a review.. . So yeah, the Wynn is great and I recommend it above all other hotels in the Las Vegas area.
Despite being "local" now, I still really enjoy taking "staycations" on the Strip. Wynn is at the top of my list for places to spend the night. . . They have some of the best clubs and lounges (Tryst and Blush) on the Strip and the rooms are amazing. The casino itself has a swanky feel that transcends any "theme."This place serves as a great retreat when you just want to get away and the service is always great.. . The only possible drawback is that you really do have to pay for all of the above.
LOVE THE WYNN!!!  I have stayed at several other hotels in LV and the Wynn is a definite stand out.  It has a level of classiness and luxury that no other hotel possesses.  It is immaculate and has extremely friendly and accommodating staff.  The first time my husband and I stayed at the Wynn was during one of our honeymoon "stops."  They upgraded our room, sent us a card and some beautiful chocolates!  It's the little things that make Wynn truly stand out among the rest!
I loved our room- two flat screen TVs, floor to ceiling windows & an amazing view of the strip!!!!  The bed was wonderful.  Our room was large, complete with a two peson dining area, sitting area, working space & a king size bed & room to walk around.  The bathroom was wonderful with a deep soaking tub.  The lemongrass shampoo and bath gel smelled divine.  . . Great rooms, great view, great service, excellent food- banquet facillities were nice-casino did not smell of smoke-I won at craps so this place was perfect all around...we were here for a 3 day business meeting so we had use of the banquet, meeting room facilities in addition to all the other wonderful public areas of this hotel.   I would pay to stay here on my own dime...loved it!!!
LOVE it here!  My favorite part of my Vegas trip was laying poolside and relaxing!
Although I didn't stay at the Wynn (I wish I had), I spent a lot of time there because the hotel I stayed in royally sucked. Friendly staff with cocktail waitresses that are prompt with the drinks while you are gambling. Usually not too long of a wait for a seat at a poker table. Clean with tasteful decor; lots to look at. Good variety of places to eat and drink at.
Do you like fancy pants? This is a place to find fancy pants. I have not personally stayed here, but I found that the overall atmosphere is bursting from the seams with classy. The girls that hang around the slot machines are even prettier.  It's like all of the old ladies are replaced by 19 year olds trying to win with a slot machine.  . . As the Wynn is one of the newer hotels, the design is more vibrant and I really like how everything is mapped.  I personally didn't do any of the clubbing, but I hear good things.  . . There's always deals around Vegas so I suggest keeping your eyes open and staying here whenever you can. It's worth the price and definitely worth just visiting.
Perfect. Everything was perfect. I was here the same weekend that the owner, Steve, was getting married. The staff was amazing, this place is truly top notch. I will be staying here next month when I come back for sure.
So my friend invited me to come with her since her boyfriend had payed for a suite for her to go with friends for her bday..wow...I was impressed...we got there and had a seperated entrance had a great easy check in got to our room all the way at the top...had an amazing view to the pool.... overall I really liked my experience at the wynn...the restaurants are amazing the pool is beautiful and La Reve is at the wynn...what more could you ask...Wynn is a must at least once:). . Its pricy but worth it...I know so far. its one of my favorite hotels:)
BEST HOTEL IN VEGAS!!!!!!!!! I just stayed there over the weekend and I have nothing bad to say about them. They are very expensive, but if you have the money, you will enjoy spending it here! . . Rooms were so clean and had everything you can want! Location was right across from fashion show mall. It was a bit far from the center of the strip, but honestly between the wynn and the mall there is everything you need in vegas- TRYST nightclub in the wynn was such a blast and guests to have to stand in the long line so that was a plus!
i gotz drunk and crunked next to some fat chick...
I wish I could stay here every time I come to Vegas! The entry way is littered with beautiful flowers and greenery (all real!) and the front desk starts the experience with a smile. . . + EVERYONE, and I mean the employees of the hotel, are super nice and genuine. From the bell boy, to the lady we ran into cleaning our bathroom. Awesome people! Don't forget to tip!. . + Best views, comfortable beds, ceiling to floor windows. It's like living like a queen for the weekend!. . + Plentiful elevators so your ass doesn't have to pass out in the elevator lobby.. . + The BEST outdoor clubs. We stayed at the Wynn nearly our entire trip. Rightly so, we had a blast. . . My advice, share the room cost with a couple of amigos to get a good room on a really high floor. The views are epic I promise! There are always deals so keep your eye out.
Currently my favorite Vegas hotel to stay and gamble. The right amount of everything.
Hopefully I can stay at this place every time I come back to LV.  It's amazing how Wynn brings elegance and intimacy to the middle of the desert.  In a town full of places throwing the "vegas experience" in your face, the hotel and casino manage to actually relax you rather than overly excite you.  Usually sleeping is a challenge while I'm in LV but not here.  No part of the casino makes you feel like you are in a huge mall or area just bustling with tourists.  The 3 restaurants we dined at there had the same intimate feeling.  The people running the place are much like everything else - down to earth, professional, and genuine.  They are cordial and friendly to everyone regardless of how many chips you have in your pocket.  If you play table games make sure you get a card.  I got an amazing offer.  They were probably just luring my in and I will have to pay full price next time.  I don't like paying full price for rooms in LV, but for this place I would probably do it.  Maybe I'm getting old and boring but I don't care as long as I'm here!
The only casino/resort I've ever been to where I've wished I could stay and live at/work at. I've become passionate about Wynn Las Vegas through my years of staying there. My wife and I go every summer to get away and we completely "get" it. . . A piece of advice for the fellas: If you're planning a trip to Vegas with a girl who has never been there before, STAY AT WYNN. I promise, it's worth the money. She'll want to come back with you to Las Vegas again and again.
Beautiful hotel with great service and lots of nice amenities.. . I got a great rate to stay here through the Red Card program, and so booked a double bed room at the Wynn.  I called and let them know that we would be arriving early (at around 9:30). I knew check in wasn't until about 3pm, but I figured it can't hurt to give the hotel a heads up in case something opens up.. . Well, after our (very early) flight in, we arrived at the hotel at 10.  When checking in, we were told that they did have a room available for us (but on a lower floor). Lower floor, who cares? Just means we dont have to stay in the elevator as long!  BIG PLUS!. . We immediately changed into our swimsuits and headed out to the pool.  The Wynn pool has two sections, the regular pool and another 21+ pool.  I was really glad to see that the 21+ pool wasn't a "pool club". Yes, those can be fun and all, but my gfs and I wanted a chill place to hang out, preferably without kids running around and screaming.. . The service in the pool area was a bit slow (it took the server 15 minutes to tell me that the sandwich I ordered is no longer offered because she had given me an old version of their menu), and this was when the rest of the food had come out. It then took another 20 for me to get my (pre-made) sandwich. At least the turkey sandwich I got was good and very filling. Also, you MUST TRY THE WHITE SANGRIA. It was probably the best white sangria I've ever had.  Super delicious. . . Going back to the hotel itself, I absolutely love the modern yet whimsical decor of the hotel. I love how the lobby is nice and bright, giving it a nice, almost airy feel that you won't realy find in other casinos. In addition, the rooms are also very well light due to the wall of windows.  You have great perks such as a television in the bathroom (fun to watch while getting ready), to an iHome by the beds (great to charge your iphone if you forget your charger... like me).  Housekeeping comes by quickly when you call down, and the concierge will print out your boarding passes for you if needed.. . Just because a hotel is beautiful doesn't mean that the service will be up to par, and I'm so glad that the Wynn provided the excellent customer service that I wanted.  I have a feeling this will probably be my "home" resort whenever I am in Vegas.
I love this hotel.  I had gotten the salon suite for my cousins bachelor party.  The staff was very easy to work with and got me the exact room and accommodations I needed for my party.  The clubs are top notch XS, Surrender, Tryst were all awesome.  The private pool deck was amazing.  Before this initial stay at the Wynn I was primarily staying at the Venetian and  Palazzo but the Wynn totally won me over.
Hell yeah! . Awesome hotel. Great layout. . From the moment you valet, you feel like a high roller. Valet is comp if your staying at hotel. The beautiful overhead plethora of flowers in the entry way add a zen like atmosphere. Check-in was painless. Staff providing cold water bottles as you wait in line. There is a gorgeous waterfall adjacent to front desk. Breathtaking. . The rooms are lovely, something that is expected from a high end hotel. The only con is signal strength for Iphone is weak. . The pool area had a spring break kinda of feel. It was Memorial Day weekend, so alot of young beautiful peeps were living up, yours truly included. . The European pool area alot of flesh mostly breasts with dental floss as bikini bottoms. The cabana next to us was occupied by a bridal party who had no qualm in displaying their Dr. Rey 90210 masterpieces. . Waitresses were pretty good in making their rounds; sure when 20% tip is involved they will make sure alcohol is flowing at a swift pace. . The spa is magnificent. Massage was great. . Buffet was great. For $40 dinner, it was worth every penny. . We avoided nightclubs, too many hoochie mamas with short skirts & high heels. . Some looked like escorts; but for sure 75% to 80% of girls roaming @ the Palms are escorts. . The cafe on ground level serves a good cup of Joe & pastries, but do expect a long wait. . All in all, return visit is in order. definitely when Garth Brooks is in town. Concierge assured me that every seat has an intimate feel to it with great sight lines.
I stayed at Wynn when it had been open about 6 months and I just stayed there again 5 and a 1/2 years later.. . I love this property, it is very whimsical and yes fancy. I call it the Bellagio for Americans. It is Steve Wynn after all. Their casino is decent, you'l be hard pressed to find $10 table games anywhere but that's to be expected at their room rate and the type of clientele they cater to. . . They have some casual dining, but make no mistake - everything here will be expensive!. . The rooms are beautiful, I was surprised they kept the soft light color palette considering Aria and Cosmo's bold colors and dark woods but I suppose that makes sense, Cosmo is for Kim Kardashian and hooker Kim Kardashian wannabes.
Classy!
What an amazingly beautiful hotel! The Wynn just oozes elegance!  The rooms are gorgeous and the staff is great. I would stay here more often if I didn't get such great deals across the street at the Palazzo and Venetian.  Steve Wynn did it right! The water features and forest make you forget you're in Vegas. My favorite hotel in Vegas!
Wynn is just a terrific hotel! It has everything just right - the interior, service, shops, restaurants and even La Reve' show is great. It is cool and bright, modern with a hint of a conservatism - just perfect. The old and smelly carpets so characteristic for Vegas hotels in general substituted by a tasteful mosaics. Abundance of beautiful flower arrangements...First time I have stayed at Wynn in the summer of 2008, it was perfect. Three years later it is even better than before. In addition, there is a bridge to Palazzo that connects you with Venetian and the rest of the strip.
Pimptastic...nuff said!
I love this hotel. Great rooms, good service, and plenty to do in and around the hotel. I stayed here for 4 nights which was more than enough time to experience all that the hotel has to offer (shopping, gaming, ferrari shop, night clubs, adult pool, restaurants, etc..). . . People watching can be fun here because there's unusually high amount of older gentlemen to younger women ratio here. Im just jealous because these 60 year olds have more game (AKA scrilla, aka green, aka bank, aka cheddar) than me. Its like watching clones of Mr. Playboy himself strutting around.
We stayed for a couple of nights over Father's day weekend - to celebrate that and my Bday. We arrived late, but our room was fantastic. We debated freshening up and going down to get drinks, but just crashed instead - the bed was too inviting. . . We were so happy the room was gorgeous. The neutral colors, the strip view, etc was awesome. The housekeeping staff were so nice and friendly when we met them outside our room. . . The casino isn't smoky or yucky. I've been to the casino before, but this was my first time staying here. The next day we went to the buffet, the food was ok. Then, we walked over to the Palazzo and Venetian, then to Caesar's Palace, and then back. It was so nice to relax at the pool after coming back from all that walking and shopping. . . Unfortunately, it took about 20 minutes to find a chair at the pool area (granted we came to the pool around 2:30-3pm). After we found seats, Joanne, our poolside waitress cameimmediately and took our drink orders. We were set!. . We went to Blush later that night. It was ok, geezerville, and cougars. . . Steve Wynn really understands hotel aesthetics. I've stayed at pretty much 75% of the hotels on the strip over the years and I have my favorites. I will definitely add Wynn to the list and try Encore next time.
I know a lot of people choose hotels while on vacation to sleep in at night.. . The problem with the Wynn is sometimes you don't want to leave your room or the resort at all!  The place is amazing and has not changed over the years.  The facilities are world class from the restaurants, to the shops to the pool.  The night clubs attached to Wynn-Encore are in a class of it's own.. . Yes there is a premium on these things but that premium exists for everything on the Las Vegas strip.  If you are going to stay anywhere in Vegas I'd definitely recommend this hotel over any of the others.
This review is specifically for GRAFF JEWELERS inside the Wynn Hotel.  I cannot begin to express how incredibly exquisite these diamonds are.  I just can't.  The only thing I will say is that if you haven't seen them, you honestly should.......it's WORTH the trip over to the Wynn.  When you first walk by the GRAFF window displays, you gasp for air when you see how dazzling and brilliant the diamonds are.  Truly amazing.  Then, it beckons you to walk in and see more.....even the men go in to gaze at these.  Interestingly, the staff, who are mostly British, are very friendly and don't mind if you browse or even take pictures (like I did).  They're verygracious about it, and not all jewelry shops are like that, either.  It's just so worth viewing.  Whoever can afford these is very lucky, but I consider myself lucky to have seen these.......every time I go to Las Vegas.  They're just so spectacular.  If only I could have JUST ONE............
Didnt stay here so i cant rate the rooms. But what i can rate is the layout and the flowers and the staff. Even though i got lost looking for the enterance the helpful valet steered me right. From peering in on high limit poker to the Ferrari Dealership what a great experience at the Wynn. You would expect people who work in high end jewelry stores to be snooty. That wasnt the case. She was friendly and personable and even let my gf try on a few items. Once i get my Ferrari she will get the Jewelry.
came here with a friend of mine for my birthday last year and it was an absolute AWESOME place.. . the hotel room keys have your names printed on them and the view from our room was spectacular.  super spacious room too, with a love seat, coffee table as well as a breakfast table.. . service was very personable and if you pick up the phone to call the front desk, room service, spa, where ever... they call you by name too.. . the pools were nice and enjoying a couple glasses of champagne by them in the sun was perfect after a long massage over in their spa.  the spa has a coed area right before you head into the massage rooms, but the rest of it is divided between genders. there were two attendants in the men's portion of the spa and he knew my name right when i stepped through into the doors. all types of juices, teas, and fruits were offered as well as any newspaper or magazine i wanted to read. there was also an area full of plush arm chairs and sofas reminiscent of those british gentleman's clubs. needless to say, i completely recommend the spa.. . my gal pal said the exact same thing about the ladies side of the spa.. . we also enjoyed breakfast one morning at their poolside terrace cafe. i had the lobster benedict that completely hit the spot.  my friend had their egg white spinach omelet that was pretty good as well.  the only downside were the birds that would zoom past your head and try to snatch food items off the bus stations.. . we were also able to check out the nightclub at encore, XS. it's designed well, the people are fabulous to look at, but the beverages cost an arm and a leg, but hey... it's vegas... cie la vie.  the club's main focal point is actually divided between 2 points. the first is the dance floor, centrally located so you can see and be seen with the bottle service tables surrounding it.  the second is the pool bar and the large central pool adjacent to the dance floor.  the pool is surrounded by cabanas and located outside... so the club basically forms a figure 8. solid DJs and bartenders.. . the rest rooms are pretty standard for a vegas suite.  two sinks, a vanity mirror for the ladies, a large soaking tub and an attached glass shower. pretty similar to the venetian and the hotel at mandalay.  although the wynn bathroom did seem a tad larger.. . i ordered room service for us the morning before we left and it arrived promptly on time.  the food wasn't spectacular, but wasn't too bad either. being 7am, we didn't really mind. the coffee was good and the OJ was fresh. they even gave me a USA today and wall street journal to read. kinda felt like richard gere in pretty woman... having breakfast in a comfy robe with a hottie sitting across, looking out into the nevada desert during sun rise.. . checkout was a breeze, we had the bell hops take our luggage down for us (hey, we were splurging... may as well). about the only thing i didn't splurge on was valeting my truck.. . i definitely recommend the wynn to anyone, i had a fantastic time here.
I agree with the AAA & Forbes five star rating of the Wynn and also give this place five Yelp stars. . . Although the check in line was long, almost each station was manned and they are very pleasant. Check in was a breeze. It was a comp stay, but they require a $150 per night credit card security deposit. One may think that is pretty steep but I say that is about right for the type of technology and amenities provided in the guest rooms. Your room key serves dual purpose as your Red players card which is convenient and signing up is as simple as providing the front desk agent with your ID.. . The room was easy to find and from the moment I entered the room I was wowed. I am not easily impressed when it comes to hotel rooms, but this left me in awe. The first thing I noticed were that the lighting and curtains were all electronic. I had a blast opening and closing and stopping the sheer and blackout curtains. I was impressed with the bathroom as well. His & hers sinks with a vanity in the middle, bathtub and separate shower, and even a mounted mini tv! In the bedroom there is an iHome to connect your iPod, a large flatscreen mounted with a minibar area and stocked refrigerator. The desk area had a fax machine! The room has a lot of space and I feel the bedding could have fit 2 queens rather than 2 doubles. We had a lovely view of the pool, golf course and Encore.. . The casino was very nice as well. A lot of slot and table options. They must have little elfs throughout the casino because I have never seen the chairs being straightened out so fast before. I leave a machine for a minute and the chair is already pushed in. Way to keep on top of it! This is also the only casino I have been to on this trip where the workers were on it about asking you if you had a Red card. They want you to sign up so they can track your activity and the Wynn was on it in that aspect too!. . There are a lot of high end shops that made me feel like a high roller going in and trying out shoes and handbags. I love the red and butterfly theme throughout. I liked the  convenience of being connected to the Encore on one side and the bridge that leads to the Venetian on the other. . . I loved every bit of this stay & can't wait to be back!
We stayed here last Christmas break and it was just the most luxurious place we've stayed!  The suite had an entire sitting area with an absolutely gorgeous view.  The bedding was so soft and comfortable... I don't remember how many thread counts but must be in the thousands! We had a great deal from the hotel that came with complimentary tickets to their show "Le Reve",which was a very fascinating circus on water experience. If we get a similar deal, we'd go again!
Staying in the Villa...room 307 for the weekend.  I am in love!
I wanted to give The Wynn 4 stars because I know there are better hotels out there, but I'm hesitant to do so because I also know that if I'm ever in one of them I'll just be asking for directions to my own cheaper, smaller, less bug-free hotel.  It's a GORGEOUS hotel, the views are gorgeous and there are plenty of shops and restaurants to keep you safe from the inhumane temperatures outside (I've stayed twice and both times it was well over 100 degrees).  Our room was big and comfy and the room service was excellent.  The bathroom is awesome, love the double shower with a shower head at either end.  The bathtub was like a little sauna and I know a funny story about myself, trying to be really sexy and almost drowning (and overheating because I ran the water way too hot), that I won't tell on Yelp.  Suffice it to say it was very not sexy.  I don't gamble but I did go down to the slots to LOOK as though I gamble and have drinks brought to me.  The servers, of course, come very often and are very nice.  So 5 stars for The Wynn...if I ever get a lotta mo money I will stay someplace more in my new league, and I'll come back and change it to 4.
I have been lucky enough to stay at the Wynn with my family a few times and this is seriously such a clean, classy hotel.  From the textured walls in the room, big flatscreen TV, luxurious bathrobes and slippers, automatic windows and controls - everything is comfortable and aesthetically pleasing.  Also, this side of the strip has a lot to do and from the Wynn you can walk to Encore, Palazzo/Venetian and Fashion Mall easily.  . . The buffet is also one of my favs.  I usually don't eat all day if I know I am gonna eat there (so I can properly stuff my face) and sample all theirfabulous desserts!. . But I don't suggest gambling here as its not lucky for me (or anyone else I know).
I always come here for the buffet and like all the high end hotels in vegas this one makes u feel rich as soon as u step in...the shops are expensive as is the buffet but hey it's all about the opulence here.
I always feel like I am getting the royal treatment when I stay here.  The staff is so receptive to all my needs.  They even have purse hooks at the tables when you gamble! Where else do they offer that?  The rooms are so clean and classy.  I never have to leave the hotel when I come for the weekend.  We dine at all the restaurants, hang out at the AMAZING European pool all day, and this time we even saw Le Reve and it was FANTABULOUS! I highly recommend everything about this hotel.  Steve Wynn is a genius.
By far the best hotel I've ever stayed at.  Upscale, very clean and classy  all around.  The rooms are huge and are very nicely decorated.  Both rooms we stayed at had  HUGE windows which provided amazing views.  The restrooms are probably as big as a bedroom and included a hot tub.  Bathrobes and slippers were provided. The buffet at "THE BUFFET" was exceptional.  Club XS, one of Vegas' hottest nightclubs,  happens to be within the Wynn and club Tryst is right next door a few slot machines away at Encore.   Recovering from a night of partying the next day at the pool with drinks was the best. For the ladies, Fashion Mall is right across the street. I would definately spend another weekend here.  Totally worth shelling the extra $$$.  Wynn-ing!!!
This place has spoiled me SO much for Vegas, I don't know how I could possibly do it any way in the future. My good buddy got this monstrous deal from the Wynn Towers Suites. Free room? I was there. Luxurious carpet, AMAZING bathroom with a separate tub and bath (and TWO toilets!), the best service I've ever had (I've stayed in 5 star European hotels too), awesome little things like Picasso replicas on the walls and electronic blinds. . . As for the Casino, I'm not a big gambler, and lots of the minimum bets are too high for a cheapass like me. I played some video poker and won 10 bucks, but then lost 60 playing mini baccarat at Venetian, oh well. . . Also within easy walking distance. I haven't been to the topless pool, but as a Tower Suites guest I got to use the private pool, as well as cut the lines in any of the restaurants on property. Sadly this did not count for any of the clubs, which we haven't even *tried* to get into due to extravagant pricing and difficulty getting in.. . If I could ever afford this in my life again, I would do it in a heartbeat.
"At LAST! My love has come around. My lonely days are over. And life is like a song!" I finally got to stay at the Wynn! Before staying here, I have read 99% of the reviews and most of them talk about how the lobby is beautiful. If you are ever planning to be a guest and not just walk around, READ MY REVIEW :). I had to shorten my review because of the MAX Char.. . Steve Wynn.. THANK YOU! You're hotel is exactly what I would have imagined a Las Vegas hotel should be. I wish that I could personally shake your hand. . . If you are in college on a low budget and need to cram 10 or more people in to a room, please skip this review. You may want to try Venetian or Palms maybe. If you don't sleep,, just drink and gamble all night long, any hotel will do, but if you want to live a little The Wynn Resort in Las Vegas is for you. I highly recommend the Wynn if you will be entertaining a Lady friend. It could be your girlfriend, your fiance, your wife, or your potential Ex-wife. A Resort should be more than a hotel. It should be a destination. You should find everything you need and more. Leave your car and luggage where it is, because hotel hopping a thing of the past. A Resort should an experience! Your accommodation should equal or exceed your personal living standard.. . CHECK-IN: The Check-in area is a bit small compared to some of the huge Check-in areas of hotels on the Strip. It feels like a Airport Security check-in line, but instead of angry patrons waiting for a flight there are a lot of well dressed guest with designer luggage bags. It is still very claim and not too hectic. It was nice of the Wynn to open more Check-in stands.. . THE ROOMS: *SPOILERS** (Please don't read this part of the review if you are staying in Wynn for the first time) I booked a standard suite and found a pretty nice rate around $130 a night, about $100 less than a standard weekend. The room is very simple, white, and clean. The very simplistic art style makes the room feel like home. It really isn't the largest room, because about 60% is entrance hallway/ bathroom. The main attraction is the view. The Wynn tower is set up like a small apartment in Uptown New York. At most hotels, I keep the curtains shut the entire trip, but at the Wynn I kept the shades open almost the entire time with just a press of a button. The bathroom is easily any woman's fantasy and up to MTV Cribs caliber, but make sure to put on your complementary robe and slippers because that marble floor can get COLD! Central AC is the best invention ever so you know that it's on 24/7. Since internet is include in the Resort Fee make sure to bring your laptop, and an Xbox 360 if you have one. I really like the desk chair and sofa. They are both very comfie and great place to conduct your business. I appreciate all the small details of the room. There's a ipod docking station so you can listen to some tunes, but more importantly it has a audio cord in the back. I like the little "cocktail station" with wine glasses, glass cups, and stainless steal icebox and pick. I this is a nice touch of class and it makes my Free beer and drinks taste that much better (BYOB). . . THE GYM: "What's a Guy-m? Oh a GUY-M!"- Simpsons. Who works out at gym when your in Vegas? If you want to keep it real even on vacation, YOU DO! You don't say no to buffets, so don't say know to the gym. I wish that 24 hour fitness was like this gym. I like the free fruit plus the bottle of water with a towel on every workout machine. The staff is constantly refilling each station. The gym doesn't get overly packed, but you may want to go during the mid afternoon.. . THE SPA: I accidentally walked in without a reservation. I'm not quite ballin' enough to go there yet, but I did use a "bathroom excuse" to walk around. There is men's and women's side. The Men's looks like a high class Exclusive Country Club for the elite. It has a fire place with couches and Men's magazines to read. Most women are probably use to a nice restroom, but this is a PIMP men's locker room. The showers and bathrooms have every possible grooming and bathing item. Everything is made with a dark maroon wood. I feel like I'm handing business when "I'm handing my business".. . THE POOL: The pool is a little bit Cabana crazy. I felt like an idiot because I was probably the only one swimming in the Adult pool. I was just trying to avoid splashing kids. It's suppose to be more of a social pool. Yes, I believe pools are for swimming and not wading. I'm not a pervert, but it was creepy seeing so many guys there. If ladies want to get a European tan, let them be. After the men left more woman came.. . I guarantee if you stay at the Wynn, you will actually relax. Unlike most of Las Vegas that doesn't sleep and runs around 24/7. You will take your time and enjoy the little things in life. I spent a lot of time in slippers and rope, board shorts, and gym clothing. Spend a little less time gambling and invest in your room and dinning experience.
i had a awesome time . the roon was great
amazing place, food was great ( over priced) but worth it. all in all, great stay with an amazing product.
I just spent a few nights at the Wynn on a stopover between New York and Los Angeles to see family. Let me just say that I've only been to Vegas about four times and each time I've stayed in a different hotel - Caesars, Mandalay Bay, the Aria and the Wynn. The Wynn by far is my favorite of the for! . . While the others staying with me wanted to spend their time gallivanting around the Strip, I decided that since we were putting the money into our stay at the Wynn that I'd get everything I could out of it.. . From dining (everything from the Maine Lobster Risotto at Sinatra's, calamari at Stratta, Crab Fried Rice at Lakeside and Vegetarian friendly Wynn burger available all over for casual dining) to entertainment (La Reve was out of this world!) and from the fitness room (so bright and energizing) to the room amenities (enjoyed a nice soak in the tub while watching TV and the wireless is included in the resort fee for last minute work projects) - the place is fantastic. . . I made an entire day alone of just shopping in some fantastic upscale boutiques located right in the resort and nearly caved and bought a pair of Manolos just because the sales girl was so wonderfully sweet and they were on sale!. . The people there are very friendly and accommodating as well. If I go back to Vegas soon, you bet I'm going to splurge for a stay here again unless I try some place new like the Cosmopolitan. . . If I do stay there again I want to go without family and sample the night life a bit more. But the casino was also great and not at all too smokey or dark (as was my experience at the Rio and Aria).. . Thanks Steve Wynn!
I only gambled at the Wynn, so my reviewed isn't really for their rooms or dining options.  This was probably my favorite casino to play at during my trip, as the place wasn't overly crowded and they had the friendliest dealers.  They even taught me how to play craps and now I'm hooked!
Get the Rain Man suite, spend a day at The Beach Club, have dinner at Okada and SW Steakhouse, dance at XS, and gamble at the casino...do all this with a group of friends and you will leave feeling like a rock star.  The Wynn is sure to please a big spender!
Gorgeous hotel, we were staying i'n a beautiful suit, and we had great time, treated as Queen & King, great service
This casino/hotel cost $2.7 billion dollars to build.  It's imaginative and whimsical with lots of luxurious touches.  The restaurants are fabulous.  The pool is huge and has beautiful landscaping.  I stayed for 6 nights on my last visit and felt like moving in permanently.  The rooms are relatively inexpensive, but be prepared to spend a lot on drinks at the pool ( about $16-$18), entertainment (about $100 or more for La Reve), dining out ($60 for breakfast at Tableau or $300-$400 for dinner at Bartolotta for two) etc....
This is a very nice hotel.  I really liked my room; love the light controls and the fact that the drapes are automated.. . Every employee I encountered was very polite and eager to help.. . I'm not a gambler, I'm not big on Vegas, but this is a great place to stay!
I stayed at Wynn, At the standard room. Nice price, and the bellhops and check-in people are very friendly. All of the rooms mattresses are comfy and soft. Bathrooms is big and clean. The casino was cool, and i didnt even smell smoke. You sould eat at Okada. the Japanese resturant. For Labor Day, I didnt stay here. I stayed at Golden Nugget las vegas. (Very nice!) I stayed at Wynn, at 2009. December. The lobby is cool, and has strong air conditioners. Shops are cool too.
Check out "The Buffet", it's wonderful.  They have the best quality food here and the lamb kabob is to die for!  Oh and whatever happens, DON'T miss "Le Reve", it's really a beautiful show.
This review is not as a guest, but as an admirer.  This was my final destination in my strolling escapade of the Strip from Excalibur.  What a beautiful hotel, thankfully absent of any theme, but just classy and oh so chic.  . . I enjoyed wandering the lobby and taking in the view of the environs and outrageous restaurants (primarily Bartolotta Ristorante Di Mare and Parasol Up Parasol Down Lounge).  Just brilliant decor dripping with sophistication, all made more dramatic by the chill cabanas and breathtaking waterfalls.  . . As far as ambiance goes, this is so 5 stars!  How can I dare go back to my Excalibur digs knowing this heaven exists!. . #Yelp 365:  047/365
Best breakfast buffet in the world.  The walk from the street to the buffet through the hotel is a wonderful change from the noisy strip.  The food is fresh and healthy.  It makes having to come to Vegas for work a welcome and fun part of my stay.
The classiest casino.  Love the design and style.  Nice fresh air.  All 22 restaurants have a Vegan option menu. Fine dinning to cheese burgers (vegan option on that too). :)
We had to go to Wynn to see our show, La Reve (that was amazing too).  If you are looking for a romantic, eye-popping, beautiful place to stay, this is it.. . This public areas (lobby, casino, bar and bathrooms) SCREAM luxury in a good way.  This place is the definition of "eye candy".  Especially at night with all the lit walkways and lovely plants.  Yes, plants!   They have an amazing landscape design inside with trees and flowers.  The gardeners must work 24/7 because there is so much and it is kept up so nicely.  And yes, even the bathrooms are classy with floor to ceiling marble stall walls and pretty doors.  . . If I go back to Vegas, I am staying here for sure!
Very nice and elegant. I went to gamble here and had an awesome experience!
Going for my byo's birthday, it was SUPPOSED to be a couples thang. My other half was unable to attend, and I will admit I was highly disappointed. BUT my solo stay @ the Wynn Hotel helped me out a bit that weekend. A girl is now spoiled and this looks like it will be a winner going forward for myself. Upon entry the perfume scented lobby, and decorative floor and abundant flowers but me in a zone of my own. I loved the garden. Check-in was a breeze, now show me my room!!!. -Gorgeous - I was torn; disappointed for being solo but LOVING the room I had to pacify my disappointment. The bed and touch buttons next to the night stand were a plus in addition to the sunken tub that was waiting for me.. -Two thumbs up for the fabulous chocolate cake I ordered from room service. . . I CANNOT WAIT to go and stay back again. Keep up the great work. Great location in being across from the Fashion Show Mall and the walkway to the Palazzo was a great help for the walk back in high heels.
We always stay at the Wynn, the hotel rooms are modern unlike the Venetian and all the ppl that work at the Wynn/Encore are awesome!  Prices are low considering the room and the overall experience.
My favorite Vegas hotel for these reasons:. Service: We had a slight problem with our reservation but they were very patient. . Rooms: very contemporary, clean,  spacious bathrooms and great views! The beds are extremely comfortable.... Restaurants: Tableau. Buffet. You'd never have to leave this place. . Pools: VIP Tower pool...euro party pools...cabanas...so many choices! Also, Encore beach club is next door.. Shopping: If I had a few thousand to spend, this is the place to come.. Clubs: Tryst & XS are myfavorite clubs :)
GORGEOUS!. . The shops, the bars, the restaurants, the whole place was pristine and immaculate. Awesome structural design throughout and amazing floral designs.. . Only walked around and drank at a few bars here but  it is super awesome. I would love to stay here sometime soon. It is a bit on the pricey side though.
The excellence of the Wynn staff has not diminished from 2 years ago when we used one of the salons for our son's wedding and held the reception in one of the restaurants. First class excellence all the way.
BEST hotel in Vegas.  Impeccable restaurants, service, atmosphere, rooms, best best best all around.. :)
One word to describe the beauty and decor of this hotel  Ornate !! On my trip to Vegas, I stumbled across the Wynn Hotel on the strip and was impressed by the impeccable architect, trendy high fashion hotel.   This by far is one of the best hotel that I have ever been in.  I thought that I was in a dream or on set of a motion picture project as I entered the door.  Walking in the hotel was very bright, with green grass and palm trees along the entrance  path. There is even a mall within the hotel with top designers such as Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Alexander Mcqueen,Rolex and etc.... lastly the hotel has the most breath taking water fall view  and romantic place to have dinner over looking the water. Stunning may not be the greatest adjective to describe this place..... But mouth dropping at the least.
I don't usually review Strip Hotels but I'll make an exception this time..  . Mr. Wynn knows how to do things right. First came the Wynn Las Vegas then Encore. These two properties are the top cream of the crop. Beautifully designed with all the amenities and satisfying service you could only expect from anything Steve Wynn builds.. . Everything is just better at the Wynn/Encore. The pools, Nightclubs, the gambling action, cool vibe and crowd is as good as it will get for us sinners. I'm taking the liberty to mention that you will have the best Vegas sex in here! Yes you heard that right, someone had to say it. Guys, you know what I'm talking about. Oh by morning, you'll wake up refresh, ready to do Vegas again or hungover and sleeping most of the day haha but don't worry, you're crashing in one of the nicest beds in the world!. . I've stayed all over the Strip and I rank the Wynn as my personal best. 5+ stars
it was really nice, I had fun! Even though my companion on my trip was a bit of a dissapointment. .... i think we had a room that was in the less expensive range.BUT it was STILL wonderfull. I think people that complain about the room that We had being sub par? Are Shallow and need to really look at their values. . I dont like rating things like this ....mainly because Im no professional. and I think a king size bed in a Barn Is A TREAT! HA!
Some people picture heaven as an endless array of white clouds and euphoric tranquility ... I picture the Wynn.. . The Wynn exudes a modern oppulence that is unmatched anywhere else in Las Vegas. The rooms are exceed even your heightened expectations of comfort and luxury. The beds are reason enough to book your next stay at the Wynn, if it wasn't Las Vegas you would never want to get out of it in the morning.. . The casino floor is filled with enough tables to assure you an open spot at your favorite game. The craps dealers are always exceedingly social and help promote an upbeat vibe amongst the players. The black jack dealers are knowledgeable and will respectfully advise inexperienced players on suggested strategies to maximize their chances against the house. The Wynn has the best sports book in all of Las Vegas. Each seat has a personal monitor that you can control, allowing you to switch between the games that you are dying to see.. . Every restaurant in the Wynn is an experience. My favorite is Bartollota, which celebrates coastal Italian cuisine and features homemade pasta  and fresh seafood.. . When my time on earth comes to an end, I look forward to spending eternity partying Vegas style at the Wynn.
My husband and I LOVE the WYNN. We got married at the Wynn in 2010 and ever since then we are hooked. We were just back in Vegas 2 weeks ago and we stayed at the Wynn again. We made a decision that we would not stay anywhere else. No matter if you have money or not you are treated the same. The gaming is great. The drinks are great. BUT most of all the BED is a dream come true.
Now  a little more than two years old, the Wynn still has "It".  . . There is not too much that I could say that hasn't been said by the other 485 reviews, except to share my experience: . . Steve Wynn has the experience of building so much of modern day Vegas.  I just stayed at Bellagio last month and with the Wynn/Encore, he has truly built the best hotel.  The difference between Bellagio and W/E is that they are now "corporate-owned" whereas Steve gets to do whatever he wants or needs to do.. . The rooms are opulent.  I should warn you that I think the front desk plays an upgrade game where they tell you that your room is not ready and then they try to upsell you to be a bigger room.  I witnessed this on either side of me when I was checking in.  They had a problem with my reservation and I was offered an "upgrade" for free.  Comparing rooms with my coworkers, I could not see any difference.  Hrmmm. . The food is all over-the-top good.  There are NO inexpensive restaurants in the hotel.  Expect to eat like a king everywhere and pay a fortune for it.  I ate at Lakeside and can wholely recommend it, if only for the experience of seeing a  strange animatronic show.  Steve Wynn certainly has a sense of humor having a giant, black-lit frog sing "It's a Wonderful World". . The convention services are phenominal.  Not a blip of trouble and everyone was super nice and responsive.  Catered lunches were almost as good as the restaurant food - definitely a departure from your normal troughs of food at trade shows. . . The clubs - XS and Surrender - oh if the walls could only talk.  I am beyond the "clubbing" age, but it was definitely a treat to see how/where the rich, young, rich, beautiful, rich people party.. . I am not sure who/how the $20/day resort fee works.  I thought I signed something agreeing to it when I checked in.  But then when I went to use the fitness center - they told me I didn't sign up for it.  And then they wanted $15 for each day of using the center.  . . Yes, the blackjack tables START at $25 per hand - ON A TUESDAY NIGHT!  There were no shortage of people playing/losing at the $100 table.  I guess it goes with the rest of the place.  . . On the flip side, I only paid $159/night with my convention rate, but Steve made up for the [cheap] room rate with everything else.   However, it was all worth it.
ALL time FAAVORRITEE hotel. Been to vegas many many times with my family. We have stayed in over 80% of the hotels on this strip. Wynn has got to be the best. Rooms were clean, high-maintenance, class, and a luxury ambiance. Food was remarkably tasteful and delightful. You'll never leave this place unhappy. Staff are the most friendliest and cheerful people. Prices don't matter when you stay in Las Vegas. You'll always expect to pay a lot, but in due time, be worth it.
We had a Wonderful Time visiting Wynn and Encore. We really enjoyed the Ambiance at the Resort. I want to compliment the Managment and Staff on the cleanliness and attention to detail. The Resort is so impressive and well maintained. I look forward to another visit!
I know this is supposed to be a review about the hotel, but GO TO THE CAFE AND GET THE ASIAN CHICKEN SALAD. You won't regret it.. . #WYNNING.
Great and Beautiful Hotel. Colorful and glittery. Have a drink before you go to any show if you want to keep yourself amused. Go Shop and to the salon. Everything you want is at your fingertips. The food is amazing ! I like the bathrooms big roomy bathtubs. It was like a spa of my own. I got the body creams and bath gel at the shop in the lobby, and they run about $40 to $100 per bottle for some types, but the aroma of those are very addicting.  . Can't wait to go back !
This is the best hotel I've ever stayed at.... . Over the last few years, I have averaged over 150 nights per year in hotels, and The Wynn is at the top of the list.  It blows away just about every hotel I've been to.  Just for comparison, here is a list of some of the nicest hotels I've stayed at:  The Beverly Hilton, The Palazzo, The Cosmopolitan, Aria, Four Seasons, suites at the W Austin and W Dallas, Hotel Adolphus, Magnolia, etc.  The Wynn is much better than all of these.... . There are many reviewers who have done an excellent job with explaining why The Wynn is amazing, so I'll keep it short:   . . Best features: . - Elegant rooms with incredibly comfortable beds. - Large HD TV with just about every channel available in HD. - The best bathroom out of any hotel I've ever seen...fully equipped with a TV, the best bathroom products (they even offer free shoe polish), and the highest quality toilet paper.... - Great service (front desk, room service, etc). . Negatives: . - The price - it's hard to get a room for below $200 a night.  On peak days, even a standard room is over $400.  At least internet is included with the $20 resort fee.... . On top of having the greatest rooms, the Wynn property itself is my favorite.  I love the casino, the sports book, and the restaurants.  There are also a ton of shops.  Just be prepared to fork over a ton of cash, because everything is overpriced.  . . Overall, I highly recommend The Wynn to just about anyone, especially couples looking for the perfect getaway in Vegas.  Enjoy!
Most beautiful hotel I have ever stayed in.  Upgraded to a gorgeous suite! Service is friendly from check-in, check-out, concierge, bell hop and each person you may pass in the hall.   Free pressing?!  I felt so spoiled having someone pick up our clothes and bring them back pressed.  All the bathroom amenities were wonderful.  We couldn't stop playing with the controls for lights and curtains :).  Yeah, we don't get out enough!
This hotel is amazing! From the moment you walk in everything is beautiful. . They had a special going on so we got to upgraded to a gorgeous suite, for only an extra $50 a night! Service is friendly from check-in, check-out, concierge, Everything in the room has a remote control, I was like a little kid play wil the drapes and the lights :-).
This is absolutely one of the top hotels on my list for Vegas... I LOVE all the decorations. So seductive... Absolutely sexy. The service here is very helpful too. I love the pool party here and the food at the restaurants here are delicious as well.
My favorite Hotel in the World! I've stayed here several times and I've never had a bad experience. The hotel is impeccably maintained. The service is Top Notch, The layout beautiful.
This hotel was amazing!!!! My girls and I went to celebrate my friends big 27 this past weekend...haha!!! I would have to say that this was the best experience i had in a while with a hotel. At least to me the staff was nice and respectful. I've stayed at the Bellagio and Aria they were both mediocre compared to this hotel. But of course you will have people every where and I do mean everywhere that may need a little more training in customer service and technical skills but, what can you do about that? Nothing but keep it moving next to your new adventure that Vegas has to offer. Time wasted complaining about this and that when you can easily go somewhere else and enjoy right? Anyway, The room was off the chain , It was one of the Wynn tower suites. It was so elegant along with the HD TVs that they have in each room. Super clean, even the bathroom mad me jealous think i need to rethink the design for my bathroom now....lol. I will revisit this hotel in the future, just might be my new place to stay when in Vegas!!! Check it out.
This is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas. The diamond suites are incredible, the casino is classic and the service is great.
Super LUX. Very very pretty and they have all of my favorite stores.
LOVE the Wynn. Love Steve Wynn*..  . This place is CLASSY. It's also Modern and sophisticated from the casino floor to the rooms themselves. Great restaurants and nightclubs plus shops like Ferrarri, Prada and Dior. You wanna be here.. . It also has tight security at the elevator shafts 24/7. The Wynn has a number of convenient meeting points for men and their mistresses, however, I would recommend the Encore for your extra-marital affairs.. . *He hires Transsexuals like they were normal people.
The rooms are absolutely amazing.  They contain floor-to-ceiling windows that provide a gorgeous view.  They have lights that include a "low-lighting" setting that makes the room appear much more mellow and at-ease.  The bathroom is also large and spacious, containing a bathtub and separate shower.  The Wynn also contains a wide variety of restaurants to eat at.  Guests should be warned that some of the restaurants are unreasonably expensive, while others, such as Terrace Point Cafe have good food and are affordable.  The hotel is also very tastefully decorated, and I especially love the beautiful lights and Christmas decorations during Christmas-time.
Of course 5 stars for this gorgeous property.  The view from our room was stunning.  Wish we wouldn't have even left the Wynn grounds.  Wynner!
I'm planning our next Vegas trip and hoping that my best friend will agree that we need to stay here. I'm excited to stay here, I'm excited to review about my stay and expect excellent things!. . But until that day comes, I'm only here to review the casino.. . The place is beautiful. Beautiful, I tell you! When I'm here I don't want to leave. I feel like I'm the Queen of the entire universe when I'm here. Everything is so nice and I feel amazingly important being able to partake in it (Eating here, using their furniture, watchin friends gamble, etc.). . Its very cultured and I think you need to have an understanding of manners and class before you come here.. . I think every one who ever wondered about the Wynn should visit, you'll be happy you did!
The workers at the front desk are very nice and helpful. Make sure to ask for a free bottle of water when you're checking in at registration!. Inside, the decorations are awesome! The scenery with all the trees and bushes lit up are amazing. The restaurants are really good too. Stratta is a good restaurant to eat at before you head out if you're staying at the hotel and going watch Le Reve which is right next to the restaurant. . . The rooms are very nice too. The bed is very comfy and the bathrooms are top notch. Make sure not to pick up any of the snacks or drinks from the fridge or display if you don't want it. You have 60 seconds to set it back down. If you don't put it back, then you'll be charged immediately. . . Wynn and Encore are connected to each other and the rooms look exactly the same maybe except for some of the decorations in the hall ways. . . They also have night clubs there. Surrender is an awesome night club to go to. There's a shallow pool and the dancers are amazingly fit. Service is also really good. Music is pretty good as well. Wynn is the go to place to stay at if you're in Vegas.
I'm gonna keep this short and simple, this is a GREAT hotel.. . The entire design and ambiance is just magnificent, and it definitely makes you feel kinda like a celebrity. I'm a big fan of their promenade where they have lined the most exclusive and expensive shops in the world.  . . They also have really great congregation spaces that are just adorned with flowers and trees.  It's like a mini garden/oasis placed right inside.
Although I didn't stay here I experienced everything but to sleep there. The hotel is beautiful and is located in the best part of the strip [close to everything]. . . The pools are huge, the lobby is beautiful, and you might be able to catch a few celebrities in and out and about. The casino is also beautiful and the staff is friendly for the most part. . . This place also has some of the hottest night clubs in the country so it's definitely worth visiting. The decor is stunning and the shops are the best of the best. You can't go wrong with staying here if as long as it doesn't leave a dent in your wallet.
MAn, if you have the opportunity to stay here, DO IT! their hotel is so nice and the bathroom is more like a bedroom. Its comfortable and if you're a girl or a guy who  needs mirrors to get ready, they have A LOT!
Perfection!  I have yet to stay here, but this is my favorite casino to lounge around at.  The place is so nice and seems to have much more class than most of the other casino's in Vegas.  Steve Wynn did it right when he build this place!  Not much more can be said that hasn't already been said.
Congratulations on nothing short of consistent perfection. My wife and I have been to the Wynn more than ten times.  Every trip, we see and appreciate the Wynn staff's hard work to ensure an unparalleled experience.
The view from the 60th floor, facing the strip, is nothing short of spectacular. I highly recommend upgrading to a panoramic room if given the chance. The rooms have fully remote controlled lighting and shades and offer the modern luxuries that you would expect from a high-end suite in Vegas. The hotelstaff is extremely accommodating as well. . . I prefer the sports book at the Wynn over the Palazzo or the Venetian because it is much quieter and the service is better. However, the drink ticket minimum has risen significantly in the past couple of years.
Didn't stay here, but walked through it after being dropped off by our shuttle from Trump.  It was so nice and beautiful inside!  I look forward to coming back to Vegas and exploring this lovely property even more!
definition of fabulous. . . pretty convenient place to stay at if you're the clubbing type. as XS/Tryst/Surrender are all downstairs and TAO is right next door too. . . service is truly world class too. After I got locked out of my room, I left my phone at the hotel directory in a drunken stupor and the security/concierge was nice enough to help me get it back when they didn't need to. -1 star me +1 star them lol . . celebrities regularly stay here. i took a pic with kevin durant here over MDW last yr! chill dude . . my only bone to pick with this place is that i lost  like 16 out of 20 hands here at blackjack once(i mean, forrealz? lol). oh well, at least my donation went someplace worthwhile hahaha. i'll definitely be back again soon!
Gorgeous hotel with great service. Great decor more on the classy upscale side. . . I've stayed here twice and it was always an enjoyable stay. Larger suites with larger rooms and tvs. . . I love the decoration with the foliage here in this hotel, always keeping it trimmed and elegant. . . The Wynn Buffet is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas! Lots of different food options and stations. But I wrote the review for the buffet separately. . . The clubs here in this hotel are awesome such as XS right in Encore and Blush is a smaller lounge-type of club. Very chill, but popping. I like how they have more open seating to chill like in a lounge at Blush. . . I would definitely stay here again but it definitely gets expensive!
Sitting and playing the slots and a hostess comes to me calling me by name saying she wants to give me $10 free play for being a valued guest! Heck yeah I'll take it thanks! First time that ever happened at any casino we stayed at!. . This is one of the nicest hotels on the strip. Easy to find your way around.
By word of mouth we were directed to the Wynn for the buffet a couple days ago and I can't stop thinking about the amazing variety, flavor, freshness and ultimate service we encountered. . This is the first buffet I have ever been to that used fresh ingredients to bring unique and full flavors without dumping onions and garlic in to compensate for lack of talent.  If I could, I would give this a 6 star all day. ,,,,,oh, and to add, I have tried many attempts here at home to try sushi but never could get it down, the sushi at the Wynn was my first and couldn't get enough,,,,we are back at home in Minnesota now and I can't imagine heading to another buffet here (sad as it is).
Watched the Super Bowl in one of the Suites here... Uber impressive!  Highly recommended if you are absolutely loaded!$!$!$!$!$!$!
This was our third trip to the Wynn Las Vegas and I love it as much as ever!  The rooms, the service, the restaurants, the buffet, the spa . . . EVERYTHING is top-notch.. . Steve Wynn is a hero of mine because he dreams big and successfully executes the dream.  He is a true American icon and I always feel inspired when I visit one of his properties.  I wish he would write a book!. . Just in case anyone from management is reading this, my one comment is that the counter service at the cafe (adjacent to Stratta) is very slow.  The cafe needs a "coffee only" line or extra help during the peak morning hours.
Stayed in a suite on the 54th floor.Beautiful. Had plenty of room in the bathroom to get ready. The "office" with a sofa was spacious. The bed was comfortable, wish i had one of those. The maid knocked, then opened the door early in the morning. I asked her if she could leave and come back. XS was beautiful, and only a few minutes walk. Got to see one of my favorite DJs, the crowd was wild. Wish the pool was open it looked beautiful.
LOVED staying at the Wynn. . Awesome hotel. . Awesome and accomodating staff. . . The room itself was nothing short of great. Was up on the 51st floor with a view of the Encore pool and golf area. My only qualm was that even being that high up, you could hear the music from club XS bumping past 3am. . . The pool area is nice as well. Only sat out there for around an hour, but it was quite relaxing!. . The gym I LOVED as well. Towel service, water bottles, free fruit, nice staff, and TVs on all the cardio equipment. . . Overall was a great experience. Only tried out the cafe for breakfast but would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone!
Gorgeous hotel/casino.  I haven't stayed here before, so I'm just reviewing the ambiance of the casino and hotel floor as a whole.  The decor is lovely!  Very bright and vivid with bold colors, especially red.  We had dinner here, as well as doing some gambling.  They have this gorgeous man made lake/waterfall that had a nice little show with a giant frog and bold, bright dancing flowers swaying back and forth.  No elaborate water show like the Bellagio, but it was cute and fun to see the frog singing to Frank Sinatra numbers.  Nice dealers and casino floor hosts as well.  I hit 5 aces here playing Pai Gow.  Bummer that I forgot to bet the progressive.  Boo.  Overall, very classy and beautiful casino with very high end shops.
A step above the rest, setting foot in this place is like coming home. . . The difference with the Wynn and other upscale hotels are in the details; they pay attention to the little things that make a big impression. The service, the rooms, everything you can think of, really.. . The golf course view is nicer than the strip if your room is in the right location. Another plus is that the cocktail waitresses, from what I hear, are recruited models working another job.
No gimmicks.  Just pure elegance, Vegas style.
The head wine buyer for the Wynn just called me in response this letter.  He said they do carry a few vegan wines, but perhaps the staff were not aware.  They are working on adding more and told me to contact him when we plan on revisiting so he can give us an up-to-date list on what vegan wines they have so we know what to order.  I am so impressed with the Wynn.  Truly amazing customer service and a beautiful hotel to boot!
Wonderful place to stay.  Rooms were incredible.  It's really important to me to have a quiet comfortable room when I'm in Las Vegas.  I would highly recomment the Wynn - if you can afford the high price.  I got a deal with a last-minute hotel finder app.
AWESOME hotel!!!  Loved our stay here.  Came in through the week and were offered to upgrade to the suites.  Of course we took them up on the offer.  Our suite was on the 58th floor with a panoramic view of the strip.  Top quality.  Beautiful marble everywhere and the bathroom was just awesome.  Service was wonderful! . . We had breakfast at the buffet, just so many food selections!  You've gotta try the Wynn!!
We've stayed a few times at Wynn and had nothing but good experiences. The rooms are super comfortable, with wonderful Strip views, and overall the property is managable in scale so you don't feel like you are walking miles just to get to your room.  I like this end of the Strip also -- right across from NM and the mall, and not too far from Caesar's Forum.. . The pool area is perfectly relaxing -- love the misters and the meandering pool. For Vegas, the crowd that stays here is fairly sophisticated. A LOT of Chinese at Christmas time.. . Enjoyed cocktails in  the up and down parasol bars, however we only tried the deli and coffee shop (?) restaurant. The deli is actually quite good, perfect for grabbing lunch after checkout. The coffee shop restaurant (the one above the pool area) however, has atrocious service -- loooong waits, wrong dishes, etc.. While I'm sure the Big Gun restos at Wynn are wonderful, it's not too long a walk over to Palazzo and The Venetian where we always do a Batali place such as B+B.. . As for shops: Chanel, Graff, Brioni, Hermes...great eye candy. . . Complaints: the check-in is always painfully slow -- each guest seems to take 15 mins. (they NEED more check-in agents or a streamlined process), the route to the pool is rediculous, and the timed mini bar contraption is beyond redic.
This review is based on the Casino and other ammenities as I have not yet stayed at the Wynn.. . First off the sportsbook, not too big but WOW just plain beautiful with comfortable chairs and large monitors at each booth that you can control to watch whatever sport you want..There are chairs grouped together as well for viewing games (this trip lots of baseball fans). To the rear is a large bar that opens up into the sportsbook.. . As a horseracing fan I have to say the Wynn offers the best future odds for big races as well as daily sheet with some great handicapping info on the reverse side. When placing bets dont forget to ask for drink tickets... . The casino in itself is just amazing with a new flower covered trellis every few months, the place is clean, does not stink like cigarette. There is every video and table game you could want. Tables were not ridiculously high limits either.. . And a trip to the Wynn would not be complete without a stop at La Cave wine bar... . Cant wait for my first stay at the Wynn, one of the Las Vegas resorts where I truly believe you would never want to leave they offer top and I mean top quality amenities in such a classy environment that I would not want to leave.
MILFs? Check. . . Old dudes with a lot of money married to these MILFs? Check. . . Old dudes with a lot of money married to these MILFs that give me inspiration to who I want to be when I become old? Check... WYNNING!
Still a true 5 star resort!  Great amenities and luxury.
Gorgeous. Breathtaking. Luxurious. Beautiful.. . The Wynn is one of the best decorated hotels in Vegas. The interior design is immaculate and when you're there you just can't help but fall in love with your surroundings. Throughout the entire casino from the ceiling to the floor, it can only be described as flawless.. . Not only is it beautiful, but it's a hop, skip, and a jump away from Encore, The Palazzo & The Venetian, T.I., & Fashion Show Mall. Tryst, Wynn's popular nightclub is kind of small, but there is an amazing waterfall you can see when you're in the club. The Wynn is probably one of the more expensive hotels to stay at in Vegas, but if you aren't on a tight budget, you might as well bask in the life of luxury.
Wynn beats all other hotels in Vegas big time. We have been to the Mandarin, Palazzo, Trump and Encore in the last two years, but the overall experience at the Wynn is simply the best.
OK..... One good thing about Vegas is you can stay at topnotch hotels for less!  Its bargain town when it comes to 5 star accommodations.  I've stayed at quite a few posh hotels, but the Wynn set the standard.. . So, like a smart budgetnista I signed up for Wynn deals via email.  And BAM the deal of a lifetime came.  Well not so much of a lifetime, but you get my point.  I digress, so going to the Wynn you can't wait to check in.  Its a Status thing.  Here I am decked out at the check-in desk.  Normally I show up in a sundress and sandals.  Long story short we get our room key.. . The Wynn has the most lively colors and fresh flower displays anywhere bar-none. The Elevator bouncer greeted us, checked our room key and said "Have a pleasant stay Ms. Sanders".  I was feeling special.. Note: I never had to show my room key again, he remembered me AND my name.  Now that's service.. . Even the elevator was smooth.  Have you ever been on a janky elevator where you knew any moment the elevator was gonna plummet to the ground?  Well not here lol.. . The Room was amazing.  59th floor, picture window, the most amazing bed.  Even better then the beds at the W.  For an hour I was in the bathroom trying to get ready.  Why you ask?  Because that damn TV had me distracted.  I couldn't leave... captivating programming in the tub!. . Room service was.... expensive ($90 for breakfast), but when you are on vacation....vacation.  I got Watermelon Juice (my apologies to the black race).. . The grounds, pool and restaurants were and are amazing.  There is no outrageous noise (which doesn't make gambling too fun).  But The Wynn showed me how I need to be treated.  Now if the Wynn could show me how to afford it!!!!!!
I was recently here to see Le Reve with some out-of-town friends. As they were staying at another hotel down the strip, after walking into another property, you realize how the Wynn really does have to offer.. . An outstanding show, amazing nightclubs, award-winning restaurants, and you can't forget, simply a wonderful hotel to stroll into. Service is usually superb compared to the competition, immaculately clean, and just in a class really by itself. . . I'm sure like all places, there are a handful of bad reviews. But if you read a majority of them, and walk into this place, you'll know why Wynn do deserve the enormous praise they do receive, also. . . If you can afford it, whether you're visiting or a local, stay here, eat here, just stroll around. It's worth it.
This our hotel of choice. I've stayed here more times than I could count, and they do an outstanding job every time. This last stay here we were fortunate enough to get a corner panoramic view suite at the top of the Wynn. It was outstanding! If you get a chance book one of these rooms you won't be disappointed.. Some of the main reasons we stay here are,the cleanliness of the resort,the beautiful european pools and the fine dining that Wynn has to offer. We've yet to check out the clubs but that definitely is on the list for next time!
gorgeous hotel with swanky rooms, good nightlife options, top notch restaurants, and THE BEST POOL ON THE STRIP! also a great buffet.. . the wynn also has a distinctive smell as soon as you enter the hotel. if you want to bask in the life of the opulent, stay here. . . love this place. will be returning.
BEAUTIFUL hotel. I've been to most hotels on the strip and I just can't get enough of this place. The suites are to die for and the room service... Fantastic! I managed to snag a deal for the weekend for a massive suite... Two queen sized beds, kitchen, monstrous t.v., huge jacuzzi tub, beautiful standup shower. I want to live here!!
If I could have given a 10 I would have. I have traveled a lot over the years and this place is by far the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in.  . . We spent extra and got the corner room with a view of the strip and it was awesome.  Floor to ceiling windows on 2 sides with plenty to see, especially at night.. . Hotel staff was very friendly they seem to like working there.  Housekeeping was far better than normal, they hung up clothes, lined up our toiletries and even left off the heavy bedspread I had stuck in the closet because it was too hot.  . . The pool is the best I have ever seen.  Long in the middle and big at both ends and the best part was that in the afternoon the pool is partly shaded by the hotel so you can go and not get fryed by the sun.  . . Love the layout, parking near the elevators, elevators near the buffet, pool entrance near everything-no getting totally lost in this hotel or streaking through the casino in a bathing suit to get to your elevator.  . . Will go again, totally worth the extra it cost.
I have stayed up and down the strip over the years and believe that the Wynn is the best place in Vegas to stay. The Encore costs slightly more but I really don't see the difference. For such a huge place everything seems convenient. The rooms are nice sized and well decorated. Housekeeping is thoughtful and thorough. Service is friendly almost everywhere. . . Room rates can fluctuate here depending on their occupancy and whether its a slow convention week. Check your favorite travel site before assuming you can't afford to stay here. Last stay I secured $199 and prior to that a weekday rate of $149.
Yelp Challenge 365 # 173/365. . This review is about the beauty, class and convenience of The Wynn. I was not a guest of the hotel but did spend quite a bit of time enjoying the beauty of this property.. . You walk into a bright lobby which permits you wander into the casino which is surrounded by shops and eateries. . . There are cocktail waiteresses passing you in the casinos regularly to see if they can offer you a beverage including bottled water which is readily available on their tray (Imagine toting 6-8 bottles of water on your tray! Yikes). . They have cleaners around, straightening chairs, emptying ash trays, removing used glasses and cups. . . They have staffing on the floors asking if they can be of any service whatsoever..... . Their valet service is by far superior and very organized compared to other casinos along the famous Las Vegas Blvd (aka the Strip). . The eateries are AMAZING.... I will review the eateries separate of this review as this review is strictly for The Wynn... . . Oh, the convenience?  Across the street from the Fashion Show Mall.... Perfect!. . I look forward to my next visit
OK so I have stayed at almost every hotel on the strip. If you want to feel like a queen, princess, king or whatever form of royalty you choose, the Wynn is the place! The room I stayed in was nothing short of opulent. Marble floors, automatic window treatments, luxurious furniture, delightful decor, heavenly bedding top notch service. The Wynn...is an experience, so live a little and experience it!!
I stayed over Memorial Day weekend with my husband and baby and it was a delight.  There's not much I could add to the other reviews regarding the beauty and luxury of the Wynn.  So I'll write my review based on staying at the Wynn with a baby.  The Wynn is as baby friendly as it can get in Vegas.  They provide a complimentary crib with J&J baby toiletries.  Since I have a baby I didn't leave the Wynn for very long and mostly spent my days at the pool.  I'd been to Vegas many times before and didn't feel the need to sight see.  The pool was beautiful and my baby loved to go in the water and splash in the pool.  On Memorial day weekend the pool gets very crowded and you would have to stake out a place early to get a chaise. I would've preferred to go on a non holiday weekend.  There were plenty of waitesses to come by to take food and drink orders and it's very easy to charge to your room.  . . I'll also have to mention I ate only at the Wynn and Encore and it's very convenient to go to the restaurants as they welcomed the baby.  Of course, I didn't try any place too upscale and only ate at the Terrace Point Cafe and the Cafe at the Encore.  The food was decent, although nothing to rave about.  Next time if I can manage a night without the baby I'd love to try one of the upscale restaurants.  . . There's also some shows at the Wynn/Encore like Le Reve and Garth Brooks for evening entertainment and shopping like Chanel, Hermes, Dior, Cartier - almostanything a girl like me can dream of.  Best of all you can do all of this without leaving the Wynn/Encore resort.  . . The customer service is spectacular.  I actually didn't have much interaction with the staff since everything was running smoothly except of course for the waiters and waitresses.  What impressed me most was my husband accidentally knocked over the controls that regulated the temperature and lighting.  The screen actually broke and we confessed upon check out that we had broken it.  I was expecting some crazy charge, but the reservationist said there was no charge and she would make a note of it.  The answer was very customer service oriented and short.  Made me feel good to be honest about breaking something.  United Airlines has a lot to learn from the Wynn (see my review on my United flight).. . The only downside I would have to say was the price as all this convenience doesn't come cheap, but what really does?
Beautiful hotel, i really enjoyed my stay here. They have great restaurants inside, with good food. The suite i stayed in was beautiful with a great view, and it had a room just for massages in the suite. There customer service is amazing here, and they are very attenative to detail. The mall inside is kinda small but they have great stores. The indoor garden is beautiful! Highly recommend this hotel.
Gorgeous hotel with amazing service, restaurants, and ambiance.. . The hotel room is gorgeous and whenever I book a hotel, I check in the restroom first. The restroom is gorgeous, clean and I could not find a speck of dirt in the room! When I called room service for extra towels, blankets, and toothbrushes/paste, they promptly delivered to our room with a smile even though it was 1 A.M. They even started a conversation which was great. Also, the maids and maintenance employees greet us good morning or night every time they see us. Even when we call in, the employees ask for our last names and greet us by "Ms." or "Mr." The service is what makes this hotel so spectacular. They answered our questions quickly, efficiently, and pleasantly. . . I love the atmosphere of the lobby, beautiful and gorgeous. I can never get enough pictures there!. . Although the rooms are expensive, if you book at the right time and at the right website, you can end up getting a great deal.
great hotel and even better buffet. Wynn/encore is the place to stay.in Vegas
Love this place it's beautiful! Stayed in a lux suite top notch beautiful BEAUTIFULL ROOM WITH PANORAMIC view of Vegas! Like on the 765432 floor! Hah room had greatttt bottle service lounge in room was amazing and comfy loveddd the bathroom and hallway! Amazing rooming no doubt :) food is amazinggggg! Encore is amazing tooooo 2nd buildinnnnnng.
I honestly cannot rave enough about this impeccable establishment. The Wynn & Encore are the epitome of true luxury and class when it comes to gaming properties in Las Vegas. . . I have stayed here 3 separate times-- twice in the standard resort tower room, and once in the exclusive Tower Suites. If I could, I would stay here every single day of my life....okay, maybe not every day, but you get the point. The Wynn does absolutely EVERYTHING right. I also enjoy the Encore (you can see that review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/encore-las-vegas-las-vegas#hrid:CsuvbYFaiobwF0_gWgvd-g ). . . The rooms are exceedingly spacious and even more comfortable. I truly get the feeling of "home" when I set foot in these rooms. Plush beds, large bathroom, a great view no matter where you are-- it's tough to beat this hotel room. And, there is something that is often taken for granted: peace and quiet. The clientele at the Wynn seems to typically be higher class and respectful, compared to a lot of the hotels on the southern end of the Strip. I never hear any screaming, bratty children (AKA my biggest pet peeve in Vegas when parents bring their babies and/or toddlers...so unnerving and disgustingly irritating. Okay, now I'm starting to sound a bit pretentious. I'll back off). The walls are extremely soundproof so that your neighbor and their...ahem, activities, are usually masked over. . . . Getting past the room, every little ornate detail inside the main part of the hotel is so wonderfully executed. Beautiful plants and flowers throughout, a perfect mixture of lighting, and perhaps my favorite: some of the most genuinely happy employees and service men and women I have ever had the pleasure of encountering. They will go out of their way make sure that everything is going well for their guests. Speaking of service, the Wynn knocks it out of the park. That's all I have to say. They set the bar for service within gaming properties on the Strip. . . Moving on... I am a HUGE fan of this casino. There are fantastic dealers and pit bosses along with a wide array of machines to suit any gambler's fancy. . TIP: Table minimums seem to be routinely lower over at Encore, but you can usually spot a table to fit your needs. . Also... please notice their ventilation. I know this sounds silly...but next time you go, just notice how smoke-free and fresh their casino is; I haven't once left with my clothes reeking of an 80-year old chain smoker like I do when I leave other casinos. No other gaming property in Las Vegas has perfected this...just the Wynn & Encore. . . The restaurants here are also not to be missed, particularly SW Steakhouse & Stratta (but especially SW. Read that review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/sw-steakhouse-las-vegas#hrid:__5du_tEBLosXsf72dzaUw ).. . Oh, and their show...Le Reve. I have seen probably 70% of the shows on the Strip in Vegas, and Le Reve is still my favorite. I'm gonna even venture to use the word earth-shattering...it's THAT good. I haven't written a review for it yet, but it's just so amazing. Don't miss out on this. . . Finally, their spa. Yes, it is nice. But it is very basic. TIP, TIP, TIP!! Head over to the Encore for their spa. It is the best all-around spa in Vegas (I also have a review for that, too). . . Ultimately, the Wynn is worth the pretty penny that you may pay to stay here. However, for those that gamble a decent amount with their player's card, they do occasionally mail out deals for $129ish or so a night, weekdays, complete with $200 resort credit. Regardless of this, splurge a bit if you get the chance. You won't regret it. . You'll truly feel like you're WYNNING.
The Wynn Hotel and Casino is one of the top hotels in Las Vegas for two reasons. The employees do the little extra things that make you feel special and the place breathes class instead of oozing kitsch. If you're going to spend $30 extra to stay at a hotel in Vegas, the Wynn must be one of the first you check.  . .  - The rooms will run you 2 bills and up which is just fine because the amenities and 600+ square feet are worth it when you are wanting a "better" vacation. .  - Le Reve is a 4-star cirque-style in the water. We sat in the third row, but the circular theater looked like every seat had a great view..  - I'm not a golfer, but the course looks beautiful. If you can't have a room with a view of the strip, getting one of this course is nice..  - Lakeside is a nice restaurant to enjoy the Lake of Dreams.  - The Buffet is especially nice for dinner on weekends or holidays..  - Save money on taxis because the 3 nightclubs (XS, Tryst, and Surrender) at the Wynn & Encore are bumpin!.  - the Esplanades at Wynn has high-end shopping too rich for my wallet, but still a guy can dream, right?.  - The Wynn pool is heated and a true Vegas party pool.  - The Casino is classy. They still will take your money, but in $25-$100 chunks instead of $10-$20 bites..  - Housekeeping is wonderful. Need something? Ask. Seriously. Be prepared to tip..  - Even the valet was great as he recommended we just walk instead of ride to the Venetian and then gave us bottle waters for the 5-minute stroll..  -The worst part of the Wynn is the ever present voice of Steve Wynn telling you how awesome he thinks the hotel is. At some point, he needs to let the property, service, style, and experience speak for itself, but until then we are stuck trying to find a way to change the channel or hit mute.. . Even if you don't rake in dough at craps or baccarate, you'll feel like a winner at the Wynn Las Vegas.
Went here for my wedding anniversary. This hotel is awesome. Its clean, it has a great view,and the clubs are the best. I have nothing but good things to say and I would definitely go back.
I can't wait to get back to the Wynn.  The Wynn is truly one of the top hotels on the strip.  They employees do the little extra things that make you feel like you are the most important guest in the building.  Check-in was fast and easy.. . The room was the best that I have had in Vegas!!  The decor was modern and the room was very clean.. . We ate at the buffet for dinner and the food was the best we had on the trip - recommend that you eat there at least once on your stay.. . The casino has something for everyone.  The minimum bets on the tables are reasonable to extravagant depending on your style of play.  The dealers make you feel comfortable regardless of your expertise.. . Relax and have fun at the Wynn!!
This is clearly one of the nicest casinos on the strip. . If your on the craps tables there the nicest, cleanest tables you'll find on the strip. . As an added bonus they have my favorite beer Blue Moon at the tables ice cold. . Most casinos only give you watered down mix drinks and crappy beer like Bud or Coors Light, thankfully not here tho.. Cant wait to go back to the Wynn a real gem in Las Vegas.
It is one of those places you just feel plain silly reviewing. . . Everything was perfect. When you pay for perfection - you get it! . . Best pool experience I've ever had (the asian chicken salad is great too)! Parasol bar is the perfect place to meet with folks, and the deli is fine for an affordable meal.
Great and so clean.  Really, room was amazing and......damn, so clean.  No traces of $1.95 foot-long dogs smeared on the video poker machines.  Service was first class.  But caution - Allegro restaurant was a downside.  Ugh.  And you pay a $25 resort fee which is cool, but then they try to jam you for another $15/day for the fitness center.  Please...  La Cave, however is a terrific respite from the frantic casino area.  Note:  the housekeeping staff should be tipped generously as they do a great job.
Stayed here last week on the 53rd floor with a strip view.  I've always wondered if I should stay at another hotel when I come to town, but every single time this place impresses me with its service, cleanliness and overall appeal.........really there is no substitute when on the strip.  I've walked into almost every casino on the strip now and the Wynn just has that "feel" of being something special.   Steve Wynn and crew have done well in training their staff on how to make guests feel special.. . They also offer better drink service here while gambling that other places and the waitresses are right out of Vogue magazine!    Give it a shot.......I can assure you you will not be disappointed.. . There is a 25 dollar resot fee which will include your wi-fi, pool and gym access.  The gym by the way is excellent for being a hotel gym.
Everything was perfect. We got upgraded on check in since it was my birthday and stayed on the top floor. The room was beautiful. LOVED everything about this hotel. Won't stay anywhere else now!
Impressive.  My friend stayed here, but I took a nap in the room if that counts.  No cons from me except that it is very pricey.. . Rooms were big, floor to ceiling walls, very big hd tv, mood lighting, desk, classy furniture, most comfy bed ever in vegas, and comfy pillows, i took a very nice power nap, curtains were electric, and i liked the fact that one remote controls everything in the room (lights, tv, temp, curtains, etc) bathroom was very luxurious, seperate toilet room, jet tub, big shower, tv in bathroom.  very nice!
**coming out of my YELP drought/retirement**  . . Wynner Wynner Chicken Dynner!  I swear on my Yelp soul, the Wynn will leave you a long lasting impression.  By golly, I did not want to leave.  You truly get this "pampered" feeling during your entire stay.  Let's just say, you leave a Wynner. ;-). . Every staff member treats you like a VIP, from the check-in to calling the front desk about gym hours.  . . We stayed at the 57th FL in the Deluxe Resort Room with a Panorama View of the Strip.  Well worth the upgrade.  The View + Spaciousness + Digitally Controlled Lighting and Curtains = Epic.  DO IT! . . The room and bathroom were plush'd to the nines.  Super duper inviting and splendid.  If that wasn't enough, their robes were by far the best I've ever put on! softness to a whole new level! I seriously slept in them one night.  The bath tub was the deepest with a waterfall like faucet that I've never seen/experienced before.  . . This trip got even more EPIC when we ran into NBA Players! ahhhh! It was just coincident that this week Team USA were scrimmaging in Vegas.  I had a pic taken with the #1 Draft Pick, Anthony Davis, saw Paul George playing Craps, passed by DeJaun Blair, John Wall, and a super tall fella that resembled Dominque Wilkins! If you know me like the back of your thumb, you knew this was heaven for me being that I eat, breath and dream basketball.. . Their regular pool was pretty nice and chill.  The self-serve parking was easy to get in and out.  To be honest, there was very little to complain about the experience here.  When they greet you by your first name every time you call, its pure awesomeness.  With that kind of personal touch, I would not hesitate to make a return.  #wynning
Before I booked the Wynn, I did a lot of intense research, and thought it was weird everyone on Yelp kept talking about Steve Wynn like they knew the friggin man.  But after a night at the Wynn, you can't help but to think "Damn.  Steve Wynn.  What a guy.  Such excellent taste."  Every detail in the room added to our experience, and god it made me want to throw out all my apartment furniture and go to the Wynn store to buy everything.  But a weekend without the shopping in Vegas already breaks the bank.. . Loved that there was so much we could do at the Wynn like see La Reve and go to XS, we didn't even have to leave.  The Wynn is a little more expensive than some hotels.  My boyfriend's Amex Platinum reservation services got us a discount, with guaranteed upgrade if there are unbooked rooms, $100 resort credit, and guaranteed late checkout.  If you got one of these cards, use them.
It's a Wynn Wynn situation. . . Russell Westbrook gambling in the casino? Check. . . deadmau5 DJing at XS, the Wynn's swankiest nightclub? Check.. . Gardens to disguise the casinos? Check. . . AMAZING room service menu, which I might be biased toward because it included amazing corned beef hash which is my favorite? Check. . . Full window curtain control via remote for those mood-changing moments? Check.. . Comfy humongous bed that not only looks swank but also makes you never want to get out of bed? Check. . . Humongous tub and stand-up see-through shower in case you want to look at each other while bathing and showering at the same time? Check. . . Squeaky clean, so clean that you can eat off of the floors? Check. (not that I did that... ahem). . Full length mirrors so that you can look your absolute best for the absolute swankiest parties? Check. . . Pool parties? Multiple pools? hot tub? Excellent Sangria at the pools? Check. . . . Like I said. It's a Wynn, for sure.
I stay at the wynn towersuite and everytime I go I have a great overall experience. They renovated the rooms (new beds and carpet etc) and it's as good as new. The service and exclusivity of the tower suite is the best.
One of my closest friends was married at the Wynn in July 2012. She had one of the amazing Tower Suites reserved for her bridesmaids, and it was a wonderful experience. . . First of all, the suite was huge (literally, bigger than myapartment) and perfectly styled, with an amazing bathroom. The service was impeccable. Each of the girls called the front desk numerous times throughout the weekend for everything from an iron to ice to a grilled cheese sandwich, and the staff was gracious, prompt, and genuinely nice each time. . . Another fun factor is the a/c, lights, and curtains were all controlled by a remote. The room was cleaned each time we left.. . Additionally, the Wynn itself is a gorgeous, classy Las Vegas hotel. They must have some serious filtration happening because you don't really notice the cigarette smoke when you walk around the casino. . . In addition to the room itself, the wedding staff seemed on-par and the ceremony went off without a hitch. Highly recommended!
This is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  Everything is so detail decorated in the hotel.  The best Dinning, Nightlife, Pool Party, Rooms.  Its definitely an upscale classic resort.  And of course it's operate by the best Hotel Operator in the world Steve Wynn!!
This is truly a 'resort.'  I was surprised by the hubby for our anniversary and whisked away to paradise for two quick nights.  The Wynn is gorgeous, everything here is top notch from the valet to the toiletries in the room.  We were given a strip facing room that had a spectacular view (24th floor).  The room is so lovely, the leather furniture, so classy and the nice touches like a small tv in the bathroom at the vanity table and the marble counter tops.  The wall decor is also chic and refined.  I just love it all, the best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas for sure.  We also liked the pool area, they have a lot of shaded areas which is great during these hot months.  The pool side service was my only gripe, a bit slow.   Now I'm spoiled and only want to stay here for future visits.  Our room package was nice too it included two buffets and two tickets to Le Reve, both are must dos here.
My fav hotel + clubs in town= all in one place. period!
Wynn & Encore are similar but I LOVE the Encore more!
Beautiful hotel, beautiful rooms, wonderful pool, and great service.
Dope room....but a whack weak poor shower.  I won't drop a star just for that.  . . I have stayed at a number of nice hotels in Vegas and I would say the Wynn is on the list now.  I would stay again.  . . Staying at the Wynn allowed front line access to XS which was smooth cause we would go early leave, drink up, gamble, eat, and go back to party to 5am.  Zero line waiting on Labor Day weekend.
Just stayed here a couple weeks ago......I don't know why i've never stayed here before because this place is AWESOME!  FYI, if you stay you have to upgrade to the TOWER suites.....they are huge and so luxurious with amazing views.  This place is totally dialed in....from the time i checked in to the time i left I was pampered with top notch customer service.  The employees in this hotel have the best attitudes...i really enjoyed every interaction no matter where i was in the hotel/Casino/Restaurants.  I've  been to Las Vegas probably 100 times and this by far was the best trip ever........the Wynn Hotel really is a destination resort.....I did venture out to other hotels for nightclubs/restaurants etc......but i could have just as well stayed at this Hotel the entire time.  I"m not taking any chances in the future and my next visit to the Desert will definitely be at the Wynn!
Went for a summer vacation and I think we found our Vegas hotel.  We paid extra for a suite with a view of the strip.  All I kept saying was so this is how the rich live.  My wife said the margarita was the best she's had (couldn't hurt that it was delivered poolside).  Staff seemed to be friendly.  We got escorted by the chef to each station within the buffet so my wife could  be informed of what contained peanuts or nuts.  It is located near the mall.  Being at the end of the strip meant none of the drunken drama that is up and down the strip.
Stayed in a room on the 57th floor and waking up and falling asleep was magical. The view was stunning from my window. It over looked Encore Beach Club and the Encore. . . When you first walk into the room, you already feel like royalty. You can smell the clean sheets, the clean floors, the clean bathrooms from the doorway. And not in the bad bleach kind of way. After playing around with the room for a bit, you'll realize that you can customize it to your preferences! The lights, the drapery, the temperature. You can dim the lights low, use the sheer curtains, and set the temperature to a comfortable temperature and just relax. . . Being a VIP guest here just sweetened the deal too! With our reservation, we got free tickets/front of the line pass to any clubs at the Encore or Wynn. Don't forget, being VIP means free drink vouchers! Just not valid at the club itself. . . My only complain is their guest services in the lobby. Not because they're unhelpful or rude, but because they are completely under staffed. Families who come here, go to guest services to ask them to book tickets for shows or tours or suggestions for activities. But because asking all those questions means having the person at the desk call up a place, be put on hold, book tickets, etc etc.. It will take a really long time before you'll even be assisted. I waited in that line for longer than an hour and a half and had only 3 other people in front of me. . . Overall, everything is kept clean here. Housekeeping responds quickly and are very helpful. After staying here for 3 days, I wanted to stay here forever. I felt at home.
I've stayed at many of the better hotels in Vegas. This is the place! No other compares. Unlike other hotels on The Strip, when the doorman takes your bag, you won't have to wait an hour (or hours) after you get to your room and call for it (minutes!). If something doesn't work in the room, Maintenance is there in a jiffy. Everything is top-notch. Go. Enjoy.
My gf and I had a romantic weekend here.. . Yes, the room is very stunning and took a hole out of our pocket.  The hallways itself was already making the walk special.  Once inside, wow.   Bed and pillow were very soft, probably egyptian? 800 tread? Obviously, better than what we had at home.  If you have kids, don't let them play around the mini bar.  Everything is weight sensor on there.  I like the set up, L shape couch with a flat screen that turns to view on the bed or couch. . . Ladies, my gf loves the bathroom.  Very nice and roomy.  Has a little seat that you can sit on and apply make up with a circular lite mirror. Duel sinks.  Your welcome.. . We had a deal on the booking.  2 night stay, $50 in gaming, 2 tickets to Le Reve = $500.  Not bad since one night at Wynn is around $299?. . Hospitality is very wonderful.  They assist you the moment you come into the lobby area.  Checking in is simple and you can hardly call it a line since we only waited about 3 mins.
Again, my wife and I did not stay here, but..... we did the Buffett!. . The service was great, start to finish - top notch!. . We didn't want to pack our plates full of food, so we got some of a few things and shared some bites.. . My wife had the prime rib and gave me a few bites that were tender, and with excellent flavor, mmm gud! the horse radish was whoa! strong! but good. . . The meat loaf, not dry thank goodness, also real good!. . The mashed potatoes were excellent!. . Egg roll was just right, not over the top great, but not disappointing either.. . The small slice of pork chop i had was very dry. whah-whah-whah. :-(. I like pork chops, so this was a bummer, but hey, it was one small piece that was probably sitting out to long anyway.. . I had a chicken wing that was double crispy... the way I like it, but again, sitting to long and not hot. But it had good flavor and very crispy (a lite breading for crunch factor-not like KFC at all, dispite it not being hot, it was good none the less.. . I'm not an expert here, but the calamari with rice and mussels was a great treat for me, i really enjoyed it.. . Then my wife and I shared a small plate of crab legs and shrimp.. Both good, no disappointments. Mmm butter! Lol!. . buy then we were done, except for dessert. Good thing they have really small portions so you can try a few things and walk away saying you got to try a few.. . We shared a creme brulee, great. then a creme puff, great, strawberry filled crepe with chocolate drizzled over it, divine! a rocky road chocolate mousse, good also, but what really put the whole night over the top and gave this experience 5 stars was the "Salted Caramel Glelatto!" OMG this was so good it gets the best in show for any desert to date! . . The Wynn is a beautiful place, really over kill on every level, the casino was elegant, the shops, the food, the marble throughout the restrooms, LOL! the Ferrari dealership next door! LOL! We could never afford to stay there but wow what a great once in a lifetime experience.   . . I'm probably forgetting something, so my wife might have to chime in later.. . If you try the buffet you won't be disappointed, you'll always have something to make up for what could have spoiled it for you. There was way too much food to try. Go for what you know and like and it will taste great.  :-).  . To say the least we walked it all off over the next few hours after, man you really walk a lot n this town! :-). . TC
If you don't like the Wynn you have serious problems. Between boosting one of the best clubs in Vegas and world class restaurants this place just screams 'money'.  From the flowers, to art work, to intricate tile work, great pools, high-end shopping, comfy beds with amazing sheets, and of course gambling this place has it all.  . . AND if you are a Veggie every restaurant is required to have a Vegan menu, you just gotta ask for it.
The Wynn is a five star experience. There is nothing positive i can say on here that is not already captured by their own website. They deliver. Restaurants, entertainment, location, luxury, comfort, amenities. Although i do believe this is a 5 star hotel, i left with a few complaints. The ipod dock in our room was broken. We were on the 31st floor and could not sleep because the music was blasting until 4am when the club below closed. Also, i was a bit underwhelmed by their spa. I would definitely prefer to go to the Canyon Ranch at Palazzo or Qua at Ceasers.
This  place is top notch has everything you'd expect from an exceptional, five star hotel. It's my favorite hotel in Vegas, and coming here you never even have to leave since it has everything..Best clubs,food and great room service!. I love to shop here but It is a lil pricey..It doesn't stink here like cigars or old men..eeek! very clean and on point! I was happy from the time I checked in and left...LOVE LOVE THIS HOTEL!
This hotel is the epitome of luxury and class. It's great to walk around and admire the fresh flowers in the lobby and the detailed finishings on the ceiling, floors and walls. Staff here are very friendly and professional and address you as Sir or Ma'am even though you aren't a guest of Wynn. The stores here are very high end $$$$ except for the Cafe Drug store which has reasonable prices. Just walking around the hotel is great to just look around and check out the elite crowd and feel like a VIP even though you aren't. They also play techno, jazz and some soft classy pop music like Michael Buble in the hotel sound system and Kaskade!   =P. . Don't miss the Parasol Up and Parasol Down Bar located near the lobby and strip entrance. This bar is very elegant and they have a free lake show every half hour.. . I stayed here a few years ago before I had a smartphone so, I'm just going to give my 2 cents on the Wynn. The valet and check in staff are very friendly and we were given a free upgrade to a panoramic view. We had a great view of the Fashion Show Mall across the street and we can see the top of The Mirage and Treasure Island which was pretty cool IMHO. Room was very clean with beige and red colors like what Wynn says resembles a Manhattan apartment. The granite counters tops and the dark wood in our bathroom gives it a very distinctive look and gave me some great ideas when remodeling my bathroom. Paintings on the wall are just replicas of what Steve Wynn owns in his private art collection and you can see it through out his hotel. . . It's great to experience luxury to it's finest degree and this hotel has proved it, along with Encore but that's a separate review. All the staff I've encountered were very friendly and smiling, if you look lost and need some directions, the staff are willing to help anyway they can even if you're not a Wynn hotel guest. . . Steve Wynn has outdone himself again with the Wynn and Encore Hotel and I heard he plans to add more towers if the economy improves and they'll obviously be the dark gold towers with the slant. The golf course is not cheap and costs around $500 but you get a lot of perks with that steep price. The Wynn is not cheap but be prepared to pay top dollar but across the street is the Fashion Show Mall and they have affordable restaurants like CPK and a food court, also there Treasure Island Pirate Show is right across the street along with the Mirage Volcano show.
Just spent five days and six nights at the Wynn.  I felt like all this wasn't happening to me... three possibilities.... . 1) Either I turned in Morpheus to Agent Smith in the Matrix and I got plugged back into a ridiculously pampered lifestyle.  Or.... . 2) I made a deal with Satan and this was my reward.  Or.... . 3) I got hit by a bus and I was in heaven.  This shit is just too goddamn good. . . Alright, I don't normally stay in places like this but I was in town for a conference and it just so happened to be at the Wynn.  I got a super good deal on my room, and can now understand why the going rate that I didn't end up paying is ridiculously expensive.  I heard good things, so I was like let's do this.. . I didn't realize that I was walking into Steve Wynn's fantasy land for adults.  I learned that extreme luxury is simply attention to details.  . . Everywhere I looked everything was completely spotless and looked like it was just put there yesterday.  YET, I stayed there for five days and didn't see one person cleaning ANYTHING.  I think Steve Wynn is really Satan for pulling this off.. . The stores were great, the restaurants were serving ambrosia, and the cocktail waitresses were gorgeous.  The music was all this hip, light, and happy stuff that was the soundtrack to the fantasy.  I recognized a lot of the songs, and just had to pay respect for them using them in the way they were.  Never heard the same song twice in a whole week.. . Not only that, the hotel guests seemed to dress up and contribute to the cool vibe that The Wynn was putting down.  There is something here for everyone.  The clubs are great, the spa and exercise room were amazing.  Jesus Christ, what did I do to deserve this?. . Not only that, there was even a TV in the bathroom and a phone next to the can.  What was that phone for, in case I decided to try to die of a heart attack on the toilet like Elvis???  They thought of everything!. . I am gonna give the Cosmopolitan and Aria a chance in the future, but they gotta live up to this.  Good luck!. . I'm gonna move into the Wynn like Al Capone or Royal Tenenbaum did at their hotels.  Watch me!
I love the Wynn hotel.  Always clean, service is good.  If you can get a good deal on a room definitely stay here.. . Rooms are large.  Beds are a little jumpy.  The hotel is at the end of the strip but if you are at a conference at venetian you can walk back in about 10 minutes saving some money on cab rides not to mentions some time.
The Wynn is still my favorite hotel in Vegas. That is saying something because they build something newer and better every year. When it comes to "Class" ... in Vegas... there really is no such thing, but The Wynn comes as close to it as you can get while still staying VEGAS at heart.. . Everywhere you look there are amazing pieces of art and the decor is just lush upon lush.. . The rooms however are very subtle by comparison to the deep reds and bright purples you see in the casino and bars...  they are very well thought out... with one wall that is completely windows in pretty much every room. I love that and you really don't have a bad view... either you are looking at the golf course and the pool or the strip...  so you can't go wrong.. . Speaking of the pool. It's great. There are two large dipping pools connected by a long canal that you can walk through from one end to the other. I really loved drinking a pina colada and walking down the canal in the cool water...  my friend and i walked up and down in the pool and talked and people watched and tanned.... . The pool side food is lacking though.. the only thing they need to improve at The Wynn.. . Make sure you hit The Buffet here one morning too. Not kidding. It's not your cheesy vegas buffet. You won't regret it.
Went to Wynn with my wife and it was excellent.  Very friendly staff and excellent amenities/facility.
OMG...The Wynn.....What NOT to say..... . 1st Hotel to stay in Vegas and probably the only hotel that I LOVE, I have toured the others, but I still compare the Wynn to all of them, the some that MAY come close is the Bellagio and Cesar's Palace. . . Friendly, Excited Staff. . Beautiful Hotel, Classy,Bright,Elegant, Everything you could ask for. . Does not REEK of smoke, like other hotels. . Lots of restaurants to eat at, GREAT food :). . Some of the hottest clubs (XS,Surrender) All the EDM DJ's headline here :). . Beautiful Rooms, Bright, not Dark, Full of Light, Beautiful Bathrooms, Wonderful Linings. . What a magical experience, The Encore Beach Club-Awesome, Nude Pool :). . The only complaint I may have, it could use a little more of the 25-35 age range, it caters more to 35-50+ However since they have hot clubs, the 25-35 come out @ night :P. . Its a place I will NEVER forget, FYI I stayed @ the Palms this month ( Nov), OMG never again, makes the Wynn look like Buckingham Palace :S
I've stayed at Encore a couple times, and this is my first time at the Wynn. I like the fact that Encore has a slightly better view and bigger floor space, but Wynn was pretty darn awesome. Steve Wynn, you have done well. Very well. The price is well worth it. During the past weekend, my friend and I were able to do a lot of things in the hotel. We ate good food there, clubbed at XS, and watched Le Reve. All within the hotels! We didn't have to worry about taxi cabs and walking a long walk in heels after clubbing. Everything is just so dang convenient and nice. Service is pretty impeccable too. I don't know if I'm able to stay at other hotels when I go to Vegas anymore. :P
Wow - upgraded to suite, what a great experience. It'll be hard to not to go back on my next trip. The pool was fantastic. Food was great. Service was perfect.
Luxurious!. . Although it's not my favorite, it's arguably the most elegant.  we came here to see La Reve and we had some time to burn so we walked around and just being inside you felt like a million bucks.  everything new and classy from the new carpet, to the gold plated sinks, to the supple leather in most of the seats, i was impressed!!
The Wynn, in my opinion, is the best hotel in Vegas. . . From the pool, to the service, to the casino, to the restaurants, to the clubs... This is the best property in Vegas.  I was previously torn between the Bellagio and the Wynn until we took a trip to Vegas to figure out what we wanted to get married....  I now have no desire to stay at the bellagio or anywhere else for that matter (unless it's the Encore)  . . We visited the Bellagio after staying in the Wynn, and in comparison it looks old, dated and dirty. Im so happy with our decision to stay at the Wynn. . . My only complaints are:  We spent a LOT of money in the hotel over the weekend of our wedding.  We asked for an upgrade upon check in and they did not honor our request or really seem to give a shit about the amount of money we were spending.  This is in a recession, in Vegas.  . . We requested a smoking room, got a non-smoking room and had to switch the next day which is not a fun event. Surprisingly, the smoking room was even nicer than the non. We stayed on the 50th floor with a great view. No where do they tell you that they will charge you $200.00 per night for a security deposit.  For some of our wedding guests who do not carry credit cards, only cash, this was a problem.  Not sure how they got this resolved but it's there job to make sure that they notify their guests of their policies.  . . Overall, the Wynn has a spot in my heart and I don't plan on staying anywhere else while in Vegas!
WOW! I normally stay at the Bellagio, but wanted to try the Wynn for something different. The Wynn has won me over. Everything is so up-to-date and clean. The staff was friendly and ready to serve. You would never have to leave the resort if you did not want too.  The Wynn is the only place I will stay when I come to Vegas again.
The best hotel in Las Vegas !!. It is just perfect for me...
I stayed at the Wynn in 2005 when it first opened and I don't know why it took me so long to come back! It is still every bit as beautiful and luxurious as it was 7 years ago. . . Service is excellent and the rooms are incredibly spacious. If I had to knock them for something, I think the beds (in two bed rooms) are full size when they could be queens. We had a great view of the golf course which has unrealistically green grass! We also got a room on a non-smoking floor (without even asking) which was a big plus. Apparently the gym (included in the resort fee) is also amazing, but of course I conveniently "forgot" my gym clothes. . . The location is super convenient and just a short walkway to the mall and the Palazzo and Venetian. Caesar's isn't too far away either. You have a near infinite choice of restaurants and shops near by. . . Oh and of course the casino. Be sure to sign up for a Red card if it's your first visit. You get $10 in free slot play just for signing up, then a spin on the wheel with 350 points and two free buffets with 750 points. I was able to get 750 points in a day and my two buffets had a $100 value!
The room is super nice, spacious, clean, and awesome.  I love the staff that works here.  Everyone is very calm and friendly, where they are gracious and never in a rush.  I love earning the points at the Wynn when playing the slots machine because i will always end up getting free buffets for me and my family. I would recommend any one going here.  The view is beautiful and the decor is to die for.  You really feel like you are in a calm serene biosphere.  Relaxation at its best!
My girlfriend and I stayed at the Wynn this past weekend and I have to say it was incredible. Check in was fast and easy and we were greeted with a beautiful casino floor and lower level. Room was on the 28th floor with a strip view, way nice. I've read some reviews saying if you were on a lower floor you could hear the nightclub. On the 28th you could hearit faintly but it was no big deal. . . Ate at Mizumi which I would highly recommend as well as their buffet for Sunday brunch. Overall we completely loved out experience at the Wynn, everything was luxurious and all the staff we're friendly and personable. Will definitely be returning soon.
Personally I think it is the nicest hotel in Vegas. It is expensive but if you want to splurge it is worth it.
The Wynn may very well have won in its quest to give new meaning to the term "fancy shmancy". Although in my humble opinion the best part about the hotel was the ability to open the blinds electronically, the other amenities were probably even more memorable to the standard human being. . . First, the service. Whenever I called the concierge they were at our room in under ten minutes. The security guards/bouncers at the hotel were also an unexpected highlight of our Vegas experience, since they were nice to males and respected our existence. Dealers were also helpful, and gave pointers when we had no clue what to do in card games. The cleaning service made our pringle-filled floor unpringled before we knew what hit us. Overall, service was a-ok.. . Club XS definitely stands for "excess" and not "extra small" as I had previously thought. The music was great, and if you preorder your tickets you will be fine even if you are a group of 100 men. You still have to pay more money, but hey, that's Vegas. Try to get people to buy you drinks, because they are as expensive as anywhere. . . As a piece of advice, do all you can to get this hotel through priceline. We were able to pay about 25 dollars a person per night, which makes the value of the hotel off the charts. If we had to pay the normal price it's still a bargain, but as college students would have probably gone elsewhere. . . Five stars for you, Mr. Wynn.
I would like to give 5 stars for their Sunday brunch. My husband and I went to las vegas last December. Our friends suggested to try out a lot of buffets in Las Vegas, so we just decided to try the buffet at the hotel we stayed. We actually stayed in Encore, but Encore and Wynn is connected- owned by the same person. . . We walked maybe 5 minutes through a beautiful tunnel that connected two hotels. The price was probably around $30 per person; however, this was later covered with our resort credit, so we pretty much had free Brunch :) The choices were endless, we didn't even know where to start. There were pancakes/waffles, and omelets made to order. Good selection of sushi, Chinese food, and classic breakfast menus. I absolutely loved their salmon egg benedict. Fresh squeezed orange juice and apple juice is always a plus!. . Their desert section looks like a little candy shop. So pretty and colorful. We were too full to try all their desserts, but their chocolate lollipops and cakes were heavenly.
As far as I'm concerned, this is one of the nicest places to stay in Las Vegas. It's centrally located yet not in the middle of massive manic crowds; it has great food options and shows nearby. Rooms are modern yet classy.. . Had a great stay, and would love to stay there again.
This hotel is "classy" and the price is very affordable, worth every dollar. The bathrooms are awesome! Very large, includes a huge tub and walk-in shower with a sitting bench. The king size bed and pillows were so soft and comfortable that it was hard to get out of in the mornings. Try the room service for desserts...little pricey but worth it. The restaurants are "Top Notch" and nothing less than amazing..     Heads up there is an additional $25.00 a day charge that gets added to your bill as part of their hotel fees and a $300.00 dollar deposit that gets but on your card but I still think it is worth it.
Everything is outstanding from valet to check out. Rooms are insanely gorgeous, opulent. One of my favorite hotels in Vegas...and consistent every time! . Words really are inadequate- just go and see for yourself :)
My favorite hotel in Vegas!! I come to Vegas twice or three times a month, it's my second home ;) and this hotel is amazing , jaw dropping, rooms, decor , ambiance. EVERYTHING about the Wynn and encore is beautiful. Definitely a must see
Beautiful hotel. Room was very spacious and comfortable. Pool is excellent. La Reve at the Wynn Theater is a great show as well. Overall a great experience and a good value.
This is the nicest hotel and casino I have ever been in. I love staying here, gambling and dining on this property. It's my favorite on the strip. The buffet seemed to have cut cost but the restaurants are ALL wonderful. The show Le Reve is also in my top 3 shows. If you walk in the casino wearing extremely casual clothing you'll notice how casual you are by the elegant surroundings. The rooms are extraordinary and the views are amazing. I love everything about the Wynn.
Absolutely the best hotel on the strip. We frequently stay there for girls trips and it is always a great time!
I honestly have no complaints. We got a comp for 3 nights. Waiting to check in was a little cray but there's so much to look at. The bathroom has a mini tv & a huge jet tub. Well the whole bathroom is huge.  :)  The pool is nice. Yup! No complaints.
These guys really put together a hotel/resort that is a cut above the rest. Way better than the Bell, Cos or Bay. The Le Rev and The Buffet ROCK. Huge rooms with bigger his and hers bathrooms. I'll be back!
I love the Wynn. I've stayed here a few times and I recently stayed in Encore. I stayed in the tower suites and I do prefer the Wynn suites to Encore, however, the Encore entry is definitely more private. The hotels are so glamorous and dreamy and the views are killer. I'm kind of shocked that both hotels lost the 5 diamond award this year.
Stayed here last weekend for two nights.. Arrived at 11am, and we were given access to our room straight away. They offered us an upgrade for a panoramic top floor room for $25 a night (which we later got reimbursed via the red club host). The room was a little bit smaller than I expected based on other hotels I've stayed in, but the view made up for it - it was amazing. I loved the fact you could open and close the curtains from the bed too.. The bed was so comfy, could have slept all weekend. I never noticed any sound on the Friday night, but on the Saturday night there was a lot of bass sound coming from what  I believe was the night club, even though we were on the 58th floor, but I eventually fell asleep so it wasn't a problem.. The bathroom was very clean, I think they may need to get some new towels though, some were super white and some were going a bit grey. The toiletries were really ncie too.. The snacks and drinks in the room were super pricey - I so wanted the swedish fish but couldnt justify paying $8, instead I went to walgreens and got a big bag for $3. All the staff we encountered during our stay were extremely helpful and very friendly.. We signed up for the red card and spent a lot of time (and money) in the casino, hence the free room upgrades and we also got free buffets too. The drink servers in the casino were also super nice and circulated a lot, so you never went thirsty.. The casino is super clean and the bars and restaurants in the hotel are all really nice.. Location wise you are a bit further down the strip from a lot of the action, but it is nice to take a walk up/down the strip. Yes we walked the 3.3 miles to the Vegas sign one day!!. On check out there was a small error with our bill, but when I brought it to their attention it was rectified immediately.. I'm going back in August and have already booked a different hotel, but in the future I would definitely stay here again, it i the nicest of the 4 hotels I have stayed in on the strip.
Went to the 10:00 showing of Le Reve. Seriously amazing the limits these people will push their bodies too. Wow! . Sat in the VIP seating with yummy chocolate strawberries and champagne, pretty sure that's the only way to do it... After the show went and had drinks at the bar. Strange folks but hey it's Vegas after midnight, to be expected. Delicious lemon drops and friendly service.
In my opinion this place has the best interior decor, even better than the bellagio but both are rather comparable. This place is very very nice, a mix of renaissance decor with architecture that seems to encompass anything and everything. The gardens here are the best and extend to the casino which was amazingly done. The casino itself is pretty standard, very nice clean chips like bellagio (unlike some places like Monte Carlo which also has ads on their chips). We did not stay here but we toured this place for about 45 minutes so this is a review of the casino floor.. . It takes a while to get here if you live on the other side or even the middle of the strip. From Monte Carlo if you take Deuce you will have quite a few stops and with traffic that is really bad. Just wait for SDX bus, which starts at MGM. That will get you to Wynn in about 10-15 min w/ traffic, Deuce can take 25 min.
Absolutely beautiful! The details in the decor are stunning and the view from the room might be the best view of the stip. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. The hotel is spotless and manicured to perfection. Expensive, yes- it's Vegas! Wish there was a fast food option and an outlet near the bed to charge my phone while laying in bed, but other than that- the Wynn is a win!
I just LOVED the Wynn.  Last time we were in Vegas we stayed at the Palazzo, and had multiple issues, including smoke stench in the rooms (we tried two rooms), lack of glassware, unclean shower and rude manager when we called and complained about it (there were razor caps on the floor of the shower), and yucky room service.. . The Wynn, therefore, was a breath of fresh air.  The lobby was incredibly beautiful and smelled so fresh and clean, with lots of fresh flowers, which I saw throughout the resort.  . . The room was beautiful, in shades of whites and cream.  Very similar in layout to the Palazzo, with the exception of the sunken living room in the Palazzo, which we did like.  But this room more than made up for that living room.  Huge windows overlooking the strip.  Room was well maintained and cleaned well every day.  Room SMELLED so good, did not detect a HINT of smoke.  Cool Picasso prints on the walls.  LOTS of glasses, including water glasses, wine glasses, smaller drink glasses, glasses in the bathroom.  Awesome sunken soaking tub.  Bed was very comfortable.. . The light panels for the room (located near the door and near the bed) are awesome to easily turn off/on the lights and also open/close the curtains.  . . I did order room service once while there, and it was overall very good.  I've never ordered steak from room service before, and not surprisingly it was a little cold, but cooked perfectly with very good flavor.  Fries were good.  French onion soup had too much cheese.. . I will definitely go back here again next time I'm in Vegas.
The best hotel on the strip. The Beach Club is amazing. Their day club events are great and they have great djs lined up. Even when I don't stay at the Wynn I end up at the Wynn.
I absolutely adored my stay at the Wynn.  If you are looking for a truly luxurious experience when you come to Vegas, I highly recommend you stay here.  The rooms are stunning, the hotel is clean and definitely filled with... classier people for a lack of a better word.  It really gives you the feeling of being royalty, whereas other hotels feel a little more slimy.  . . So! If you are looking to treat yourself, stay at the Wynn.  You won't regret it.
Wynn, wynn, wynn. What do I say? It is a most amazing property with beautiful colors, wonderful decor, well-appointed rooms, cozy floating-on-a-cloud beds, bright and spacious bathrooms, playable casino, connected to Encore, darling pool, elegance and charm all throughout the property, well-done nightlife (the best in town currently), dazzling golf course, complimentary stunning lake shows every 15 minutes in the evening, great though expensive restaurants...but what else do you expect? Wynn truly outdid himself with this one. The only thing currently lacking is uniformly great service across the board on the property. I encountered employees with phenomenal service (in-room dining brought me complimentary chocolate-covered strawberries and a whole new plate of food when they made a small mistake with the order that was totally livable) and some with terrible attitudes (try check in desk, bellman, and red card booth). Wynn beats the whole strip. If only Wynn could beat itself, it would be out of this world certainly.
5 star EVERYTHING! That is all!! A bossy experience every time. FLAWLESS! The best on the strip. This hotel has a certain Beverly Hills swag that other hotels cannot replicate. I always see celebrities lounge around the casino and what looks like, the worlds elite. Ballers, shot callers, people with a appreciation for the GOOD things in life. Being at the Wynn makes me feel like a million bucks. The vibe can't be found anywhere else. . . Botero and Bartolotta are Divine. My go to restaurants in Vegas. Wynn resort has the best clubs in Vegas too. Let's see.... Golf course. The best restaurants. The best clubs. A awesome casino. The nicest guest rooms. The list goes on and on. It's amazing up in here. . . I really do hate when people talk badly about this resort. If you don't like it, GO to fricken Buffalo Bills!!! You don't belong here anyway.
We had an amazing couple of days! Beautiful room, delicious food (Mizumi) and great cocktails! Loved the pool, the wine bar and so on! Great stay!
Even though my friends and I just stayed in a regular room for 1 night, we absolutely LOVED IT!  I know it's just a basic room, "How great could it be?!"  Collectively my friends and I have stayed at various places Vegas, and I usually don't get excited over a room....But I must say, I really enjoyed staying at the Wynn.  The beds and pillows are SUPER COMFORTABLE, it was like sleeping on clouds!  The room was extremely spacious, and I really liked how the lights/curtains/AC/etc controls were all on one panel (total two in the room), and I thought it was cool how each room had electronic "privacy please" panel to display right outside your door.  The room did not only look fancy, but it really felt fancy, nice, and relaxing.  The pool here was really nice too.. My friends and I also LOVED the fact that our room was literally in the middle and super close to all our favorite clubs!  It was so close that we were able to walk in and out of the clubs a couple times to go back to our room (to switch shoes or change) without ANY trouble!. Staying here we felt really pampered and just really made our trip to Vegas that much more enjoyable  =). The only downfall is my friends and I wish that we could afford to stay here more often!  *cryyy*
The only place to stay, party, eat, and gamble.  The rooms are spacious, the beds are so comfortable, and the bathroom was roomy enough for four girls to get ready in.  We got a cabana at the pool and had a great time over memorial weekend.  The restaurants within the hotel provide a variety of cuisines for all pallets and budgets.  Additionally, room service was delicious and delivered at all hours of the day/night.  We had a blast gambling at the Black Jack tables and even had a humorous conversation with the Pit Boss.  XS and Surrender provided hours of live DJ music from David Guetta and Dead Mau5 as well as bottle service and a great dance floor.  I can't wait to go back.
Did stay here but brought my girlfriend to see the hotel and it never disappoints. 1st off let me the most awesome sports book of any casino period! This place is elegance throughout. Incredible garden, fabulous stores and a beautiful casino. My goal is to get my business off the ground, make a good connection here and see what it like to stay here at an above average level. . . This is a very nice casino!
I have been to many of the fancy suites in Vegas and around the world.  The Parlor Suite we stayed in last week was incredible.  All the attention at the Suites Tower and the perfection of the room was superb!. . As everything Steve Wynn touches, it is pure perfection!  All the beautiful decor,  great restaurants, the incredible stores, the golf course, spa, and our suite made us feel so special that I am looking forward to coming back again and again.. . The Ferrari museum/dealership and store were incredible-if you're into that kind of stuff (as I am).  . . The best pools of any Vegas hotels.  It's not just a pool area, it's also a beautiful European garden.  Everything is classy and elegant.  The staff are super helpful and friendly.. . Le Reve, I've seen it twice now and it's still an amazing show!!!. . Looking forward to coming back!!!  Thank you, Wynn!!!
Ahhh the fabulous Wynn Las Vegas, puts all the MEDIOCRE hotels to shame, specially all MGM and Harrah's properties.. . If your all about the glamourous life of Las Vegas then the Wynn is the place to be.. . The moment you step into the Wynn, you will fall into another world of luxury and the finner things in life. . . The service and ambiance of this hotel is defintely a 5 star rating. As well as the rooms and restaurants in the hotel.. . The Wynn has always been a faovrite place of mine, i usually joke and call it my backyard since I am here most of the time relaxing and enjoying the fabulous lounges and restuarants.. . A favorite spot of mine i highly reccomend is the Parasols down bar, located downstairs with a spectacular view of a water fountain which features a mini show every 15-30 min.. . If your hungry and care for a snack indulge at the drug store cafe at the Wynn located near the Le Reve theater, cheap and portions are huge.. . If your all about class and  the finner things in life, get blown by the Wynn.. :)
Great view. Comfy bed. Automatic lights and curtain control :) Can hear neighbors next door! No  phone plugs next to the bed. Still probably my favorite hotel in Vegas.
I've stayed here multiple times, and love to come visit. I still can't believe I haven't reviewed it yet. This is one of the nicest hotel/resorts around anywhere, and by far the place to be in Vegas. The design, venue, and service are perfect. There are some decent restaurants as well, but they are hit or miss. The rooms are beautifully appointed, but not as large as some other resorts. I would take quality over quantity any day of the week.
Truly lovely,Wynn is a much younger, hipper more relaxing resort than Bellagio or Venetian.  The pool has a unique layout, 2 stories and spread out across a large area with landscaping and plenty of lounges.  I have stayed at Mandalay, Bellagio, Venetian, Monte Carlo, Mirage, TI and would recommend this over the rest.
So many reasons to love Wynn, even more so after spending this last weekend in a different hotel and wanting to kick myself for not sticking with my fave.  No matter--lesson learned.  Wynn is the brightest, most cheerful and beautiful of all the hotels, in my humble opinion, and Parasol Down is the best place for drink, anywhere.  Parasol Down also has the best, most gracious, most thoughtful server in the universe--Carissa.  I hope I'm spelling her name correctly, but she deserves all the praise I can muster:  My boyfriend had a medical emergency while we were there and she totally took care of us and made everyone feel so much better.  She was amazing BEFORE we had a issue, too--seriously the best service we've ever received.  Everyone at Wynn was outstanding, and I'm never staying anywhere again.  Don't spend your hard-earned money at other places--it's just not worth it when you'll be so much happier here!
The Wynn Hotel is a gem in Las Vegas.  The theme is very different from other hotels in Vegas and maybe that's why I love it.
My sister is always getting free rooms here because she has racked up enough gambling points on her card here so they are always sending here some sort of promotional letter telling her she has earned a free two or three night stay at their hotel so we are always staying here for free..Now really do you think this is really coming out to be a FREE stay for us? By the time we have gambled more at their hotel they got their money's worth from all of us. But i do love the Big Rooms that we have stayed when we have been given these free nights with her, the rooms are huge, the televisions are 42" flat screens with all the fancy internet connections if we need them, the mini bar is filled for us and is complimentary for our use, two queen size beds, bath robes, everything was very classy and modern. They also have two restaurants that are very good in the hotel and the room service was excellent. This is a great Hotel!
Stayed here during a conference (office paid for it yay). A beautiful hotel indeed. I stayed in the tower suite and it's great. The bed was great, had a great sleep. The room exceeded my expectation, the bathroom was bigger that I expected. Blows me away compared to the hotel from the day before. The staff and service were exceptional. The valet will take some time though (10 minutes wait time, well you can go "people watching"). . Also free coffee at Tableau every morning from 7AM. I don't gamble so can't  give review on the casino
The best pool I've ever seen!. . This place is simply luxury personified!  The rooms are specatular.  Beauty abounds!
5 -stars.  I thought long and hard about this and will take a different approach than the other reviews here.  I'll address the bad reviews you might see in the wynn/encore pages and then do my review.. . The focus of the 1 star reviews center on primarily 4 items. 1. Noise - There is noise and bass from the clubs, this is true. It is not unreasonable for you to expect and have reasonable quiet in your room to sleep.  When staying at the Wynn request a high up floor facing the golf course and as far south as possible.  This puts you as far from the club music as possible and I never heard anything during my 3 stays here.  People also complain about noise from their neighbors.  The Wynn, like all other hotels is not sound proof.  If your neighbor enjoys hookers and yelling, you are going to hear it. It's just bad luck.  Yell back, it's fun.  Try having your spouse go into an adjoining room at home and do sexy moans, you will hear it.  No different than any other hotel with a randy neighbor.  . . 2. Charges - This takes the form of two things: resort fees and deposits.  They charge you $25 in resort fees.  Stupid, yes.  Ripoff, yes. They will tell you that everyone else is doing it, which they are.  Look past this.  They should bake this cost into the room rate, but for whatever reason, they don't.  Two days ago you were cleaning diapers, now you are at the European pool, playing blackjack, buzzed and looking at the talent.  You can afford it.  As for room deposits, they do put $150 on hold on your credit card for incidentals.  If $150 blocked out on your credit card is enough to max your card out, you may want to reassess your vacation budgeting.  . . 3. Service - Some people complain about being treated poorly.  I don't see it and suspect the source my have a part to play.  I'm sure bad things happen, but I have yet to have had a bad encounter.  I have never received anything but the up most attention and politeness to my requests.  I am pretty low maintenance, but drinks are fast, doors are held, and smiles are given.. . 4. Location - It's at the end of the strip but you knew that right?  When you reserved the hotel?  You knew you would have to walk or take a cab to go to Mandalay right?. . Review. All of the other reivews you will read about the Wynn are correct.  It's great, you can't get much better.  The hotel is classy without any sort of gaudy theme.  It smells nice. Rooms are clean and spacious.  The spa is tops and worth the obnoxious price.  Go to the European pool during the day and look at the convertibles.  Some you want to see, others you don't.  But fun none the less.  Black jack is six deck, split aces once and all others up to 3 times.  3-2 on blackjack.  Standard rules, but good rules.  The poker room service is great.  Comfortable chairs, excellent polite dealers, fast chip runners, and fast and easy pots if you wait for the right hand.  Food very good, can't go wrong anywhere, but it is pricey.  Hope this helps.
Love this place, our room was breathtaking, we signed up a few years ago for specials and were going for a wedding and lucked out with an offer the same time we were going. It was I believe $160 a night for a delux panoramic view, $50 hotel credit, two tickets to the circ show, ext. Whata deal, we never wanted to leave our room! The staff was top notch and beat our expectations. Hope to get another letter soon!!!
Wowwww!  That's all you can say when you walk into the lobby the first time.  Upscale as is expected for a Steve Wynn property.  The rooms, service and restaurants are all top notch.  The rooms have breathtaking views with every amenity you can imagine.  Loved the auto on control panel for lights, drapes and air as you walk in.  I will definitely make the Wynn a regular spot from now on.   Check in took a little longer than expected on a weekday which was surprising but otherwise no other complaints.  I will be back as soon as I can,  Looooved it!
Stayed here on a weekend for work. The tower suites are fantastic. Killer view of the golf course. The best beds I have ever slept on, hands down. You can buy them for around $3000, worth every penny. This is pretty far from where we like to be on the strip (New York, New York is our spot to gamble) but it was worth the walk. Lobbies are all fantastic, rooms are super nice. When gambling on the floor we were drinking Grey Goose, not the cheap stuff that other casinos bring you. Only complaint I have is that the rooms facing the strip are loud almost all night. I know Vegas is loud, but for $250 a night on a corporate discounted rate I expect a certain level of quiet. We would stay here again if for nothing else the beds.
One word. Gorgeous.  I parked in self-parking.  There was plenty of it and it wasn't far from rooms.  Also, it was well patrolled.  Every time I came in or out I saw a police cruiser in motion not just parked idly by. Staff at front desk were friendly upon check-in.  Stayed here for a work conference and got a great deal on corporate rate compliments of my company.  Room was ridiculously amazing!  Stayed on the 38th floor so got an awesome view. Everything (drapery, sheers, lighting, AC, etc) is electronic and linked to a remote control that had 2 panels (one when you first walk in by the door and another by the bed for easy access.  The room was huge and the bed extremely comfy.  The bathroom was something out a movie with 2 sinks, separate shower and tub with jets.  I took a bubble bath and almost drowned as it was soooooo deep!  Had to quickly grasp the sides, hold on for dear life and save myself otherwise I wasn't gonna make it!  There was confusion regarding paying for wireless.  I called to confirm it was included only to be told at check-out it wasn't.  After a few minutes of investigating the charges were removed and I was taken care of.  Excellent customer service!  Would definitely stay here again!
One of the best hotels in Las Vegas!  They have one of the best buffet here in Las Vegas, The Buffet.  Best nightclub, XS Nightclub.  A few great restaurants as well!
I love the Wynn and the Encore.  I don't always go to Vegas, but when I do, you can bet that you will see me at one of these hotels.  I like the fact that it's on the strip but a little more secluded and a little less nuts but still walking distance to all the action.
- Wynn and Encore are so posh, walking thru them is a vicarious way to see how the well-to-do lives.  There's a small waterfall in front of the Wynn which I always walk past on my way from the Palazzo street corner past the Wynn to Fashion Show Mall.
This is a classy, tasteful resort hotel. Every detail is attended to. There are security guards located throughout the complex, making me feel safe.  All the employees are friendly and helpful. The rooms are large, comfortable and beautifully decorated. The casino is tasteful and not dark, like so many casinos is Vegas. I have been though almost every hotel in Vegas and this is by far the most elegant and beautiful.
Mmmmmm what can I say , it's the Best nicest and beautiful Casino in Vegas.
We just completed a week long stay at the Wynn where we were blissfully pampered by the lovely and accommodating staff. On top of this we had a room in one of the upper floors with a view of the strip, it was just stunning!! Floor to ceiling windows, a big comfy bed, a white leather couch, a tv that rotates to your position. Wow. The bathroom is huge and has a nice soaking tub, stand up glass shower and make up station. The sound proofing could have been better, we could hear our neighbors in the room next door. They weren't being loud, just normal getting ready volume but we could hear that. The pool is huge and beautiful and easily accessible which I really appreciated. The whole hotel is just very well thought out, no fake cheap flowers or ugly dusty decorations or dingy stale smell. It was clean, bright and just above and beyond any other hotel on the strip, I would know I have stayed at several of them over the years. This is my first time writing a review for a hotel on the strip because I was THAT impressed. If the Wynn happens to be in your budget, stay here, you will be glad you did.
one of our favorite places to stay in LV
I remember trying to check out the place when it first opened but it was literally impossible since every other tourist had the same idea.. . Fast forward some years later and I get sent here by work for a conference. Hadn't been to Vegas in a while, and prefer to stay at Mandalay. But my oh my, when I walked into my room on the tower side of the Wynn it felt like the heavens opened when my floor-to-ceiling-to-wall-to-wall shutters automatically opened to reveal a view of downtown from the 36th floor. it was a room that easily would've fit four of the same room I'd just stayed in during my last business trip to Germany.. .  I did one of those kid freak-outs onto the bed. . . For the room alone I'd go back. The restaurants are great - try Sugar and Ice -, conference space expansive, and just oh so we'll done. I can't truly do this place justice simply because I didn't have time to see it all. . . I could've spent all my time just in the room and would've been happy.
When I was about 12 my mom and step-dad took me to Las Vegas, it was a quick weekend trip for a friend's wedding at the Excalibur (gross). But afterwards, they asked me where I wanted to go and I told them two places, Circus Circus, and that shiny white and gold Mirage place.. . That was when I fell in love with Steve Wynn. . . Yeah, he's like... older than my dad and even my current imaginary boyfriend, Geddy Lee. But it's not like that; it was because walking into the Mirage took me somewhere else so beautiful I still remember the impact it had on me at 12 years of age. I knew that I was somewhere special. I was no longer in a building in the middle of hot, dusty, ugly Las Vegas, no. . . The Wynn does the same thing to me at 30. . . I've been to quite a few beautiful places in my life time, but nothing like this. This is the most breathtaking man-made place I have ever been in and I am so in love. . . Not only did Mr. Wynn build me a casino with stunning red crystal chandeliers and stick my favorite flowers, hydrangeas, everywhere, he covered things in glitter, glass mosaics, and gold. And then he said "Hey Amanda, I know you're trying to hard to be a good vegan so we'll throw in a vegan menu at all of the restaurants okay baby?" . . And I was like "Okay.". . And then Mr. Wynn was all like, "I know you used to work for Tiffany & Co. and you've seen everything there so I'm going to give you something better and put Graff jewelers in there for you. But baby, I know how much you like shoes so I'm going to give you a store that has Christian Louboutin and Jimmy Choo and then you get a Louis Vuitton, too.". . No man has ever made me feel more loved.
Tower Suites.  Wynn.  Yes.
Wynn the  best hotel and service , we will come back  with my friend .
The Wynn is by far my favorite hotel I've yet to stay in on the strip. The rooms are gorgeous, all of the staff was incredibly helpful and friendly, and the whole environment feels fresh and clean. I have a hard time with a great deal of cigarette smoke and have noticed that other (generally older) hotels do not have great air filtration and circulation but that was not the case here. Encore Beach Club is a great place for pool parties especially now that Above & Beyond has a residency :) Call me a little biased but hey, I know great music when I hear it. The other pool areas are also very nice and feel very spacious. . . I'm pretty sure the two days we stayed here we didn't even leave the hotel. We enjoyed the pools, the clubs, the casino and the A M A Z I N G buffet! Definitely recommend for future travelers who are trying to find a great place to stay. Don't be too alarmed by the room prices either, there are websites where you can find great deals for this hotel.
"Wonderful Place to Get Pampered". . Stayed at the Wynn from June 30, 2013 through July 9, 2013. The entire hotel staff were the most courteous people ever. Always treated us like we were special. This is the second time we've stayed at the Wynn, but this time was the best ever. The room was spectacular, the amenities such as the gym were the greatest, the pool was superb and the service at all the locations was superior to any other we've experienced. If you want to enjoy Las Vegas and be pampered the Wynn is the place to go. However, on a separate note there is one down side and this is the Casino.. . The Casino comps are virtually non-existent for the average player and do not promote good business client development. The "Casino Host" was not customer service oriented and did not make any effort in promoting future patronization. As I stated before, the Wynn is the best hotel ever and I'd stay there again just to enjoy the ambiance, amenities, and the fine restaurants. . . Room Tip: Try to stay on the 28th through the 60th floors facing the strip. Excellent views!!!! . . Stayed July 2013, traveled as a couple
My first stay at Wynn was simply- AMAZING! I can't begin on how intricate and detail the gorgeous interior design is, how hospitable the staff is, and how perfect my trip was from check in to check out. . . The Wynn pool is very relaxing. In our cabana, we were taken care of by Joe who made sure to stop by frequently, which was appreciated. Joe was comfortable with the menu, which made our order much easier. . . Food: I ordered the Berry Smoothie with no dairy, using pineapple juice as a base instead of yogurt! Additionally, I had the Garden Pita. The Garden Pita was SO good that I've been making it at home ever since! (Almost a week now!) The Garden Pita is prepared with a variety of fresh veggies stuffed into a fluffy, warm pita along with red pepper hummus. Seriously. SO good! Our table shared a fresh Guacamole, Salsa, and Chips dish that was prepared very nicely. I usually love guacamole more, but the salsa was really really delicious! . . The pool itself was busy butstill was quite relaxing. After a short while, we ventured into the European pool hoping to have more fun with the blackjack tables, bar, and topless pool. The tables were good, the drinks were refreshing (I had a non-alcoholic pineapple juice), and the crowd was younger/more exciting. There was only one person who was taking advantage of the "European" experience, but it was a comfortable atmosphere for those who are interested.
Awesome stay!
I love this hotel.. . Sure it is pricey, but you get what you pay for.. . It may not be the best atmosphere for someone my age, 24, but I usually go with my Mom & friends, so we get sweet hook ups on rooms.. . Just overall a very nice place with great pools & clubs. Wish they had some cheaper gambling tables. But all and all the best hotel in Vegas with amazing staff
I am in love with this hotel. I love it so much. Our room was decadent, crisp, clean, creamy, and luscious. Bed was the best thing I've ever crawled into. I loved that they laid out our bathrobes and turned on a screensaver of nature shots. This place beat our room at the Bellagio by 2 stars. I was in heaven and I wish I lived at the Wynn (Vegas is gross, though). I visited Tryste, the nightclub, when I was in college, and it was one of my all time best experiences! I also won 9$ at the Wynn.. . Steve Wynn's voice is a little weird and intense-- we heard him in ever taxi we got into.
The hotel is spectacular! The lobby with the indoor garden, the bars, restaurants and pool were just amazing.. . Definitely coming back even after rewarding myself for paying off my student loan. Yeah, I said it!
My favorite hotel in Vegas!!. . I've stayed at the Wynn multiple times and it always impresses me. The rooms are beautiful and it doesn't matter which side of the hotel you get because you either have a legit view of Las Vegas Blvd or you get to see the beautiful golf course and Wynn pool. Personally I like the golf course side because it's nice to see some green and water when you are in the middle of the desert haha. . . The beds in the rooms are so soft and luxurious. I love the duvets and sheets because they are so soft and the pillows are really fluffy. Everything is perfect and you are surrounded by sheer luxury. When you wander around the casino it has a very classy, European look to it. It's not crowded like some of the other hotels on the Strip so you feel like you can actually breathe and relax. There is ample room to walk and take in the chill ambiance around you.. . They have a koi pond next to the side entrance to the hotel which is legit, and let's not forget the amazing restaurants!! My favorite used to be Okada but they changed that to Mizumi which I haven't tried yet. Red 8 is quite good though and the buffet is nom too. . . The flower display at the main entrance is an awesome place to take pictures =). . In the end I always enjoy visiting the Wynn. Even if I'm not staying there, it's worth the trip just to walk through and enjoy the hotel.
literally as good as it gets.  everything is spectacular.  everything is high quality.  wynn has become my most FAVORITE brand in vegas.. . ALSO - as a vegan - this is the BENCHMARK for all of las vegas.  EVERYTHING IS VEGAN - this is like my heaven.  . . literally the wynn in general is EVERYTHING. i wish i could give it 100 stars.
This is my new favorite hotel in Vegas. Stay in the Tower Suites for exceptional service! Top rated, lots of restaurants, cool fountains, and nice pools!
Came for the pool on a Sunday. Loved how large and varied the pool space is. Enjoyed a quiet start and then finished over by the DJ who was pumping out some pretty good jams.
Ok, this one is not short and sweet, but there's a lot to cover.. . I hadsome family in town so we decided to do a little stay-cation sans mini-me(s).  After much debate, we all finally agreed on the Wynn; mostly because of the location (across the street from Fashion Show Mall and the Venetian/Palazzo).  . . First, the hotel:  It is gorgeous.  Gorgeous and classy.  The rooms were large enough to include a spacious sitting area that would comfortably seat 5 adults (we didn't all stay in one room, but we all hung out together to visit/make plans/etc.  This is pretty standard for the major hotel/casinos on the strip, but still worth mentioning.  If you are a hotel guest, Wi-Fi is included in your resort fee for a couple of devices, but it's not the best signal.  . . Restaurants/Cafes: We wanted to grab a quick breakfast before spa day, so we stopped at the cafe on the Lobby level.  It was very busy, the line was out the door.  We ordered some baked goods (that were served cold), a smoothie, and an iced tea and then waited approximately 45 minutes to an hour for the drinks.  The barista was not filling orders as they came in, but rather whenever she felt like it and in whatever order she wanted.  As the orders kept piling up, she took a break to the back, cleaned the sink, counter, and dishes, and moved about with no purpose whatsoever.  It was disappointing.  I will say that on previous occasions, I dined at Allegro (after a show) and had a much different experience-- much better service and food.  Also, if you can't decide on a meal, the buffet is very nice (kinda noisy, but... it's a buffet) and has a very large selection and the food is high quality for a buffet. . . The POOL:  If you get to the hotel before check-in time, get yourself a pool pass and head to the pool.  If you can, reserve a CABANA!!!  It is $400 (summer rates) for the day.  It's a little open room with a mini-fridge (stocked with water, gatorade, and soft drinks--included in the price), TV, sofa, small table, chairs, and a patio with 4 loungers and a high-pressure misting system.  You also get a little fruit plate around lunch time that is also included in the cost.  There's an abbreviated menu for lunch and snacks though, and you can order drinks (for some of the stuff, gratuity is included--make sure to ask when they hand you the bills).  The attendants are AMAZING.  Our attendant (Kristin, I hope I spelled it right) even found us in the pool to ask if we needed/wanted anything, called to check on the status of our room (saving me a trip to the lobby), and was super friendly and professional.  She really set the bar for hostesses.  The pool itself was clean, quiet (reasonably so), and family friendly.  If you do bring children though, police them yourself.. . The Grown-ups' Pool (topless):  Located on the far end of the main pool, through the bar, this is an adults only area (21+).  You can also reserve a cabana here but the prices are different.  For the same price as the cabana at the main pool, we reserved SEATS (a large round lounger and 3 regular loungers).  You get water and gatorade, but it comes in an ice bucket and the service was much slower and less attentive than at the main pool.  The pool was dirty.  There were cups, straws, and large bits of food and drink garnishes (I stepped on a pineapple rind, french fries, and a pickle) floating around in it.  There were also several very drunk adults who NEVER LEFT the pool.  I don't know about you, but if I'm drinking all day long, at some point I usually need to go find a lavatory to relieve myself.  Um, yeah.  I will say that the lifeguards at this pool were very quick to respond to any incident.  The border around the pool is very slippery, the hubs fell getting into the pool and the lifeguard was there in about a half second to make sure he was alright.  Another lifeguard was quick to stop a developing game of chicken-fighting (some drunk girl climbed up on some drunk guy's shoulders, we were all waiting for her to fall off and knock her head on the edge of the pool).  . . Honestly, I was going to give this an overall 4-star rating but Kristin (our Cabana hostess) really did a fantastic job, so the 5-stars is for her.   Thanks for making our pool day the highlight of our stay-cation!
Dear Mr. Wynn....I think I love you! Thank you for bringing your brand of hotels into my life.. . The first time my husband and I went to Vegas, we stayed at Treasure Island  while a family member stayed across the street at The Wynn.  We stay at TI because it was a good price and not having any idea about the levels of hotels (total noobs!) and hierarchy of class on the strip, it seemed like a good option.. . TI was acceptable, but visiting our family member at The Wynn across the street was like entering an entirely different world. Everything just oozed class and money. For the remainder of our trip we spent as much time at The Wynn as we could. Hung out at the beautiful pools, ate in the restaurants and gambled at their tables. . . Fast forward 4 years and our next stay will be our 8th stay at The Wynn. It's the only way to do Vegas right.. . I know many people say that a hotel is just for resting your head, but The Wynn/Encore is an experience that everyone must have. Sure it's expensive, but you definitely get what you pay for. Lush rooms, attentive staff, lovely views, beautiful pool, delicious restaurants and that Asian Rain smell they pipe into the casino is delectable!. . I wouldn't stay anywhere else on the strip. If for some reason we couldn't afford The Wynn/Encore, I'd just sooner not even go to Vegas. . . Also, where else would you find high rollers cashing out bricks of cash right in front of you?!. . Book it now!
I come here for the food and clubbing.  The ambiance is beautiful.  No strollers allowed not good for families with small children
Wynn Las Vegas represents what a 5 Star Resort is all about.  Every detail in this hotel has been experimented with, thought about, and perfected through years of experience and knowledge from the Wynn team that built Mirage, Treasure Island, Bellagio and now Wynn and Encore Las Vegas.  . . The aspect that separates Wynn from the rest of the 5 Star resorts in the area (Venetian/Palazzo, Aria and Mandarin Oriental) is the level of personal service and attention you receive from every Wynn employee.  From the housekeeping staff to the Blackjack dealers, their job is to make your stay as comfortable as possible and to address any need you might have.  . . Another aspect of this hotel that is touched upon in several reviews is the atmosphere throughout the hotel.  The level of detail is over the top with the freshest of flowers throughout the resort, the spotless carpet in the Esplanade and Casino floor, the polished marble in the public bathrooms and the ornate and very expensive furniture found throughout the hotel.  Roger Thomas (head of Wynn Design) has spared no expense in decorating this hotel with pieces that are so unique yet so unassuming that there is something always to be discovered.  A table or chandelier at Wynn isn't just a typical piece that you'd find at Pottery Barn, most of these pieces have either been designed in house, commissioned or purchased at auction for your enjoyment from many places throughout the World.. . The Resort rooms (not the Tower Suites) are phenomenal!  Floor to ceiling windows, electronic light and window shade control and the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on are just a few highlights of the standard Resort King.  While the amenities go even further in a Tower Suites room, the standard Resort King holds it's own quite well. . . The Wynn (and Encore) represents the Best in Las Vegas, period.  Staying here is an experience like no other and I can assure you that you will not be disappointed.
Fantastic 3 night stay here!!! Excellent staff and I lovethe property. Our room was large and had a terrific view. The pool was so much fun and for dining I highly recommend Tableau and Andrea's. Worth it and will definitely be back!!!!
This is as good as it's gonna gets for a Las Vegas Hotel. For This particular trip, I am staying in the Tower Suite which have a private Valet entrance. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The room was exceptional. I definitely am a Fan!!! They clean your room twice a day. Once in the morning and when i got back from dinner, the room was clean again. If you are staying at Wynn, I do recommend that you dine at Red8 and Botero!!! The food were exceptional
Just a fabulous experience all around.  The rooms are spacious, stylish, and very clean.  It's seems as though it's near impossible to get a bad view.   I have only one con, you can hear the bass from the nightclub music late at night (though it is nowhere near as bad as some of the reviews make it seem).  Aside from this, you get what you pay for..if it's in your budget, I would recommend staying at the Wynn or Encore.. . Here are all the things we loved about the Wynn:. . *Customer service-  everyone was friendly and eager to help.. . *Food- Tons of delicious food options (will post individual reviews). . *The Bed- Slept like a baby every night in this amazingly decadent bed.. . *The clientele- In general, the other hotel guests were more refined than you find at . other Strip resorts.  Of course there's always a few bad apples though ;). . *The Pool- So lush with amazing landscaping and scenery. . . I don't think this is for everyone however.   If all you want to do is sit at a slot machine and eat $0.99 prime rib, you would probably be happier spending less somewhere else.  But if you're looking for some luxury the Wynn is where it's at baby!
overall great hotel. Clean rooms, huge pools but most of all awesome buffet! My favorite in Vegas!
Friends from out of country came to see Vegas, so we decided stay at Wynn. This casino is very impressive, the rooms, the linen, high-end technology, pool, the aesthetic structure designs everywhere. It's a bit pricy but you get what you pay for and we really enjoyed it.  Only thing is why charge for water bottle? Charge a few dollars more with the room and include it.
Awesome staff, clean, modern furniture. Super comfy beds, immaculate decor. Huge rooms and bathrooms. The casino is pretty steep and you can't find any tables with $25 less minimum bets but I'm sure that's what you will get at all the high end hotels in Vegas. We stayed in a tower suite and were on the 9th floor. The view of the strip was viewable and the window was from floor to ceiling so it was nice once we got the drapes opened. Everything is electronic and you could put on all the lights and open all drapes at the push of a button! Bathroom came with a huge tub and separate tiled shower, two huge sinks with a vanity stool ideal for applying make up. I loved how the toilet was separated by a door so you could get ready while someone taking care of their own business! . The Wynn definitely meets all expectations for a 5 star hotel in Vegas, and would recommended anyone to stay here if you're willing to drop some bills.
Impeccable service and attention to detail mean everything to me as a designer and the Wynn certainly delivers on that at every turn!!. . It all begins at the dramatic main entry with brightly colored lush, gorgeous flowers and topiaries with well pruned gorgeous greenery as the backdrop, continues with very courteous service at check in where the ladies & gents in well-designed uniforms strive to make every visitor feel like a VIP and that the world is at their feet now that they are at the Wynn!  From there, it just goes on and on and on - it is a truly elegant property where anyone with an eye could draw much inspiration from.  I was taking design notes left and right as this is the type of luxury I like:  opulent but never overdone.. . I must go and research who the interior designer of the rooms is, because even the standard room option where I have now stayed twice (once in the Encore, once in the Wynn) the spacious and luxurious layout is probably my favorite in Las Vegas where I have stayed at quite a few other hotels.  I love the lights and drapes opening and closing at the touch of a button from my bedside or at the entry to the room!  The toiletries in the bath are so wonderful and refreshing - the standard lemon scent as well as a few others are available in the gift shoppe or through the catalog in the desk if you just have to have some more.  Yes, I took a shower gel home with me ;)  The cleaning staff does such a great job that I do not fear walking on the beautiful carpet barefoot.  The linens and comfy bed is also available via catalog and you get such great rest here (even when jet-lagged from 3 hour time difference) that I am sure they have received several orders for the linens and the mattresses alike, no matter the price.. . There are PLENTY of dining options available between Encore and Wynn and all are a delight!  My Vegan co-worker was especially happy that ALL restaurants within Wynn have a Vegan menu as Steve Wynn himself is a Vegan.  So everyone is happy!  The food is delish - pricey - but delish!  You will see my separate reviews for all the establishments within the hotel that I tried.   . . The pool is spectacular and once again, gorgeous without being overdone.  I did not venture over to the European pool with the lily-pads though they look fun for lounging all day.  As I most recently stayed at The Wynn for business, I was only able to take in the Vegas sun and go for a dip over a few hours one morning as they opened.  The cocktail waitresses were very friendly and attentive, as were the staff at the entry and the towel bar.  Again, everyone on staff goes above and beyond to meet your needs.  I will need to come back again and rent out a cabana if I am here with friends.  On my first visit I had more pool-time and visited the pool at the Encore which was much more of a party atmosphere so take note that this pool was certainly more quiet, but again, I was there on a weekday morning with not a kid nor any partying 20-somethings in sight. . . I had several last minute packages sent to me via the business center where the standard Vegas handling fee is $25 per package so be warned, however, I have incurred the exact same fees at many other Vegas hotels so don't be alarmed if this is your first time.  And once again, the staff both here at the biz center, the valet and the taxi stand all corroborated in making package delivery to cars and cabs seamless despite the fact that they are located at opposite ends of the resort.  As usual when in Vegas (especially for business), be sure to keep lots of change on hand for tips!. . I love roulette and could not resist playing a hand or two or ten even on the nights where the minimum per hand was $15 at one table and $25 at most others on the main floor.  It's hard to see your money disappear so quickly but by the bursts of excitement I heard every now and then, it seems as though the Wynn is mostly full of winners!
I don't think that I can possibly stay in another hotel for the rest of my life and have a better experience.  . . We purchased a small suite on priceline for roughly $250 per night. Upon arrival we were informed that the hotel was booked and our room was given to someone else -which, you may think, is cause for concern. But no!  Oh, no. We were bumped up not once but twice and eventually upgraded to the second largest suite in the hotel to make up for the oversight. . . As for the suite - I can only liken it to the moment in the "Hangover" when they first walk in - this thing had two bathrooms, a full living room, and an enormous bedroom and bathroom (with jacuzzi tub and separate shower).  Robes, slippers, two TV's, private pool, insane views, you get the idea. It DESERVED a tiger in the bathroom. I felt downright fancy!!. . My only complaint - which doesn't really qualitfy as a complaint - is that the myriad restaurants/bars/stores in the hotel had pretty strict dress codes, and there were times when I found myself dripping with pool water, in shorts, unable to find a place that would accept my disgustingness.  But honestly, thats my fault - and good on them for having standards. Next time I shall cover myself head to toe in fanciful Dorthy Zbornak-inspired blue satin. . . Everyone who worked there was kind, professional, and helpful. The food was amazing; all of it. I fell in love.  And now I'm heartbroken that the experience has ended.    . . God bless you, Steve Wynn.  God bless you and your ridiculous empire. May you live forever.
NO STROLLERS ALLOWED!!! What?! Is that not the best sign ever?! No kiddies running around this casino, folks. . . I've stayed in practically every hotel on the strip and I must say, The Wynn and its staff impressed me. From the smooth check-in, to the smiles that greeted me all around the casino, this place exudes class. . . I'm not a gambler, am allergic to cigarette smoke, don't drink  and really only visit Sin City for work purposes. I'm not a happy person when I have to visit this place. However, staying at the Wynn I had plenty to do and experience outside of the normal Vegas activities.. . The pool area is fantastic. Clean and the DJ is jamming all day. Snacks and food is available poolside. . . My room had a gorgeous view of the golf course with floor to ceiling windows. Everything is automated in the room. Front the drapes to lighting. The bathroom is a woman's dream. Spacious and perfect lighting to put on my make up. And I watched tv while getting ready. . . The gym has a ton of machines. I woke up every morning around 6 am to work out and never waited for a cardio machine or the weights. But it could be the $15 usage fee that no one wants to pay. Frees up machines quickly. . . I didn't visit the buffets or restaurants as my company had everything catered while I was there. However, my compliments to the chef. Making edible food in mass quantities is not an easy feat. The best dessert ever? The Cupcake Experience. Oh my goodness! Every cupcake combo imaginable. I was in a sugar coma. . . All this and it's located across the street from the Fashion Show mall. If you need a last minute outfit or shoes, you're covered. . . The Wynn is my new go to hotel in Vegas.
- Nice large room and bathroom with            excellent view of the strip. - Good ventilation in the casino area. - Hardly any kids. - Not the ideal location but it's a classy hotel
Nice people, Wonderful sight-seeing, wonderful hotel name, probably the best service you'll get in Vegas, luxury to its finest. I will be booking my next visit here when I come back to vegas that is for sure!!!
Very classy joint!!!!  Came here for XS Saturday night during Labor Day weekend.  Its really nice, very clean and modern. Great place to take your gf or wife, but keep in mind its REALLY expensive, so plan accordingly. Loved the fact that they had so much staff running around to keep the place spot less and they were very polite/helpful (with directions). I've stayed here before, its super nice, although the only negative is that the tables are usually super pricey, so I usually go to other hotels to play.
My husband and I stayed here for two nights last week. It was our first time at Wynn but not our first in Vegas (one of our frequent travel destinations). This has been one of our most enjoyable stays at a Vegas resort and that's why I am writing this review!. Nice spacious room, first of all. Comfy bed, leather couches and chairs, bath amenities were nice, bathtub was big! and the steam shower was awesome. There were robes in room but no slippers. However, we called for slippers and they were brought up within minutes. . The gym was awesome, had bottled waters, towels, fruits, TV on all the machines. . The pool was amazing! Very beautiful, serene, clean, with nice plush chairs and loungers. We relaxed here for 3-4 hours and it was very lovely.. We watched Le Reve, which is now our favorite show on the strip. We've seen Ka, O, Zumanity, and Zirkana, and Le Reve tops them all in our opinion. Highly recommend this show. . We also went to Club XS and had an amazing time - definitely would go again.. I played a lot of slots at Wynn, although I didn't win any money :P I liked the slot selections at Wynn.. The only "problem" we had at Wynn was that we had pressed the SERVICE ROOM button in the morning around 9am but the room ended up not being serviced all day. We called right before we were leaving for dinner and show to get the room serviced and when we came back the room was turned down very nicely. There were chocolates, water bottles, and everything cleaned and organized perfectly. . We even received an apology email about the "problem", which was not necessary because we were extremely satisfied with the turndown service and we were mostly at the pool and gym during the day anyway, but it was a nice touch. . The buffet at Wynn was one of the best I have ever had. I was very impressed.. Overall, I think what sets Wynn above many of the other hotels is the service. The staff from the front desk to housekeeping, dealers, and even the ladies at the buffet line were all so friendly and cordial. . We will most definitely be coming back to this hotel.
The Wynn is spectacular, beautiful, unique and fun. The decor is beautiful from one end to the other. Also as a vegan, seeing that every menu has vegan options is truly wonderful and I want to say a big thanks to fellow vegan Steve Wynn for making that happen.
The whole vibe here just feels right, I love the room we stayed in.. It was so peaceful and elegant! I highly recommend this place to everyone!
This place is high end to the tops seen Le Reve and gambled after.  The show made my jaw hurt from saying awwwwwww n getting white knuckles watching the performers.  It was amazing we also see Cirque's "O" this trip I highly recommend both.    Thankyou Steve Wynn for having a Ferrari dealership I love looking at the cars. and day dreaming of our future.
One of the best hotels and casinos on the strip. Beautiful rooms and an excellent selection of restaurants. They also have the best nightclubs in Vegas. There is a 18 hole golf course behind the hotel.
I don't often review but when I do its for very positive or negative experiences. My stay at the Wynn was fantastic. This review is for the hotel rooms, amenities, and staff.  Hotel rooms are by far the MOST quiet room I have ever stayed in on the strip, which is a good thing when you are up most of the night partying. The staff is responsive and accommodating. The pool is great and caters to the relaxing or party scene. Not the best hotel I've stayed in, but by far the best on the Vegas strip.
Forget what I said about the Trump down the street from the Wynn. THIS is the best hotel I've ever been to. And it's not even close.. . I found a deal on Priceline where I could get a $100/night room in a 5-star hotel, but they didn't tell me until I made the purchase. I was hoping for the Venetian, but thankfully I "won" the Wynn. We were able to upgrade to a top-floor room for $25 because the high rollers in Vegas were not in town for whatever reason.. . Steve Wynn knows what he's doing. He is, simply put, the man. He is the man behind  making the Golden Nugget the best hotel in Downtown LV, as well as the mastermind behind The Mirage, Treasure Island, and even the swanky Bellagio. After MGM bought his old company, Steve Wynn started his own resort company. And this time, he wanted to outdo what might be the most luxurious hotel in Vegas, the Bellagio.. . Unlike most other Strip resorts, you have to walk off The Strip to see what the Wynn and Encore are about. Once you enter the Wynn, you'll walk into a gorgeous floral display, which itself is not far from the koi pond and waterfalls.. . I can't comment on the shows here, but the casino has some of the most helpful staff and the fairest odds on The Strip, while the buffet - don't even get me started on how heavenly it is. The pool is also gorgeous, but it's not very deep. It's where you can encounter a lot of the high rollers in Vegas. We had an experience where the girls I went with was comparing breasts with a girl from L.A. with fake tits.. . The room - I cannot say enough nice things about the rooms here. Every room is high-tech and modern, much like the Aria, but more personalized. And every room has a gorgeous view, as well.. . Now you know why Steve Wynn is who I want to be when I grow up lol.
This review is way long overdue, but hey better late than never! This was the hotel my husband and I stayed at on our first trip to Las Vegas. We enjoyed staying in this luxurious haven..we got lucky that we found such a great deal for this place or else we wouldn't have been able to afford it! The buffet is awesome!
Love this place! We've recommended to family and friends.  Rooms are extremely clean and they have very friendly staff.
It's been almost 4 yrs since my original review, time to update....I'm happy to say that it's just as awesome as when I wrote my 1st one.  Through the years it's remained top notch and continues to deliver high quality service and experiences.  All the prior points I made remain the same.  Kudos to the team @ Wynn for consistent delivery of high-end, luxurious service.. . Return Factor - 100%
The Wynn is a good hotel, with nice restaurants, and connected to the Encore, as well as located in a position near the best part of the Vegas Strip with the Fashion Mall across the street, as well as the other major peer hotels like The Venetian, Pallazo, TI, etc. within walking distance, and it's own self contained community of places to eat, entertainment and clubs.. . The rooms are very secured, guarded, so you can't have random's come up without a room key, 'tho if a guest does come, they simply call from the front guard area to your room and you can give the guard permission to let 'em up.  So, if you have any in-call services, know that system in advance.. . The conference area, for conventions/expositions is nice, and is almost "U" shaped with 2 ways to go in and out.  It seems like a long walk, but once you master the system and know which part you want to go to you'll know and learn the fastest route.. . On a side note... and this is where The Wynn earned it's 5 Star (" * * * * * ") Rating. . The Wynn EUROPEAN (Topless) Pool area is legit !!!. . No photos allowed, so you'll have to see it yourself to believe it.. . 'nuff said :)
My favorite hotel in Vegas. Dad is a frequenter here so we get well taken care of.. . Both the Wynn and Encore are so beautifully designed. The casino hosts are very generous and each venue is a blowout! . . Fav food:. ENcore: Society  (american bistro...good steak & salads). Wynn: Red8 (chinese..great oxtail soup). . Fav Venue . Encore: Surrender/Encore Beach Club. Great indoor/outdoor combo & plenty of room.. not overcrowded. Wynn: XS Night Club: Beautiful waterfall and great DJ's year-round
Their toilet paper is amazing.. . Also their rooms are nice too. Floor-to-ceiling windows all day.
Truly amazing. I've stayed quite a few placed on the strip, this was our first time at the Wynn. I don't know how I'll ever stay at another hotel. Ask for an upgrade when you check in, they offered us a GREAT suite with Panoramic views of the strip for only $40 more per night. Truly worth it. This hotel is much pricier than the rest, but it's for a good reason! Everything was clean, fresh flowers everywhere. Service was super.
One of the Strips Top Hotels. . The Wynn is located right on the Las Vegas Strip but just slightly removed from the noise and grime further down.  The edifice itself is simple and classy without all of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" "Camelot" "Egyptian Pyramid" decor.  Inside it's clean with an expanse casino.  It's sister hotel the Encore is similar in design with a smaller casino.  . . The rooms at the Wynn are gorgeous.  Great views of the Strip or gold course.  Beautifully furnished and spacious, the rooms are a great place to get away and relax.  The bathrooms are fantastic with large whirlpool bath and separate huge shower.  Dual sinks make clean up easy for couples.. . For amenities, the Wynn has a terrific gym that is included with the resort fee ($25 per day).  If you do not pay a resort fee, it's $15/day per person.  The spa offers almost anything you could think of.  The Esplanade at the Wynn has great shopping with designers such as Brioni, watch stores, and jewelers.  The Wynn/Encore has a Ferrari Maserati showroom but it will cost you $10 per person to enter.  They don't let you take pictures (which is pretty lame actually).  . . The Wynn/Encore complex has great restaurants from Chinese, Japanese, steak, to seafood.  There are more than enough restaurants to fill a week.  . . The staff are friendly and helpful.  Do expect a line when you check in if you do so around midday.. . Overall, the Wynn is a great basecamp for exploring the Las Vegas Strip.
First impression of the room is it's very white... or cream... Bright spacious room (yes, you can cartwheel) with floor to ceiling windows. Had a cool view of the golf course from the 58th. Bathroom was also spacious. There's no fridge, but there's an ice machine down the hall. No complimentary drinks. Spent little time in here to be honest... Just sleep, change clothes, shower. Hotel is walking distance to Fashion mall, Venetian, Encore and TI, less chaotic and not as crazy crowded as mid-strip.
I have stayed at the Wynn three times (twice while in Vegas for work) and it has been fantastic every time. The rooms are always spotless and I was shocked by how nice it was on my first stay. I could seriously live in the bathroom itself it's so badass. Great place to stay and party. The only drawbacks are the slightly higher price and that it's pretty far down the strip if you want to go party at a different casino.
My very very dear girlfriends wanted us to have the best experience in Vegas for my 40th, so they booked us a VIP suite at the Wynn.  I felt like royalty.  There's even VIP entrance, check-in and pools.  While we were checking in, they offered us water bottles and finger food (well, the latter is a lie haha).  Our room was beautiful and had a great view.  Even the bedding felt great and luxurious.  I didn't want to get off my bed.  The bathroom was about the size of my master bedroom at home.  The swimming pools were so beautiful and not crowded at all.  We didn't have to fight for chairs like other cheap places I've been to such as Hard Rock or MGM Grand.. The hotel itself is top notch.  We didn't even have to leave the hotel.  The night club, shopping, buffet, and restaurants were all in one place.  We only left for other amusements that weren't offered at the Wynn.  It's one of the best hotels I've stayed in.
Make sur you soak everything up. Quite a place to discover.... . The Service was just over the top and beats everything else we experienced in Vegas. A great place, not that anonymus like the crowded new In-Spots at the City-Center.. . We stayed for 2 nights and everything was just amazing. We booked short-term and expected to get billed with WiFi, Parking, Resort-fees and so on. But on the check-out, our bill was clean as a white paper could be.... . We felt like very-welcomed guests. Absolutely recommended!
This place was very posh. Top floor suite was nice. Elevators are fast. Staff was excellent. Bed are comfortable, 2 bathrooms, both w/ TV's the big screen in the main room greets you as you enter, automated controls everywhere.
I should first say that I didn't actually stay here. That being said, I did spent most of my time in Vegas here at the casino which was a blast. Everybody was nice and treated me with respect even though I was obviously not a high roller. One night after playing until the sun came up (we were on a roll) and being $800 up on the craps table, they comp'd us for a free breakfast at the Cafe. Definitely will be staying here next time I come to Vegas.
The most luxurious hotel in Las Vegas, the Wynn did not disappoint. The hotel was clean and classy. Service was prompt and paid close attention to details. Although not cheap, the Wynn ensures a level of class that the other casino oriented hotels do not offer. The lobbies, event rooms and indoor/outdoor garden oriented concepts were really quite beautiful and eye catching. Also, the hotel is right beside the Fashion Mall which is a nice way to spend some time. The restaurants atthe Wynn are top notch and worth a try.. . Enjoy Las Vegas!
My husband and I are huge fans of the Wynn Hotel especially The South Tower with its private entrance, pools and Tableau Restaurant. The rooms are extremely plush and the quality is equal to rooms at a Peninsula Hotel or Four Seasons. From the moment you approach the check in desk you are greeted in the most polite, friendly and accommodating of ways. Everyone on the staff is friendly and there to be helpful to all of your needs making your stay the best it can be. We enjoyed all of our meals in the various restaurants, and although we had reservations in other restaurants in other hotels we canceled them. We decided we really enjoy the environment enough not to even leave the resort because it offers everything we could want. The quality throughout the whole Wynn property is excellent. Every time we consider trying another resort on the strip we realize why mess with what's not broken...it's perfect! We travel a lot, all over the world and have stayed at the best of hotels and resorts ( we're both blessed & spoiled) and this comparison is how I'm measuring my experience. If you choose to go & it's a bit more in price it's worth every penny.
This is gonna be my 100th yelp review and I decided to celebrate this special milestone by reviewing the Wynn hotel, the most beautiful hotel and casino in Vegas and maybe even the world.  . . The first thing you notice when u walk in is the nice aroma of the hotel, it's smell of fresh and breezy well ventilated air. Then u will notice the whimsical and colorful decor and design with color schemes of mainly taupe reds golds and neutrals.  . . The rooms are intimate and plush, the bed is so so comfortable, I usually have trouble sleeping on hotel beds but the I didn't have any trouble sleeping at the Wynn.  . . The Wynn is a top notch hotel so don't expect the casino to have low table limits. Blackjack tables minimum was set at $50 minimum during my stay, with most other tables at $200 limit.  But sitting down and gaming at their casino is so comfortable and welcoming, u feel like u don't wanna leave.
The Wynn casino would be the only five star casino in Vegas and one of the most beautiful casino, You received the five star all the way with a world-class attitude the moment you walk in the door eyes enjoy The beautiful surroundings and color and glamour and all the glitz is here staying here is a delightful experience, The pool is open all year around, With the best service all you're around if you look up at the chandeliers you'll never see a speck of dust can't say much for the other casinos. "Enjoy"
Awesome lobby! Ok...all around awesome with this place:-) The rooms are gorgeous(see my photos), and the layout of everything is totally perfect. The coffee shop is located right be the guest elevators, and theres a great italian restaurant right there as well so you dont have to go walking all around the casino to find what you need. Major bonus points here! I will definately stay here again...steve wynn does such an eloquent job and I love how theres great artwork everywhere!
Holy crap, I honestly cannot believe that anyone would have less than five stars for the Wynn. I visited last August, and was so legitimately pleased with the decadence and opulence of, well, everything. Upgrading to the 52nd floor was the smartest thing I did on the trip, and in addition to having an amazing view of the strip, the room itself was heavenly perfection.  Seriously, everything in it was perfect.. . When I go back to Vegas, if I have my way, I'll be at the Wynn again for sure.
I have been to many luxury hotels but Wynn really stands it out. Service is friendly and view is great. I checked in 59th floor. Every time when I went back to hotel and pressed all-on button in the evening, I always wow with the view when the curtain opened. I would recommend Wynn to friends.
Wynn is by far the most luxurious, best hotel in Las Vegas, s well as it's sister the Encore.. . This is a 10 Star hotel, you walk in, it smells of luxury, looks of luxury, and the staff is excellent in greeting you before you even get near the door. It's an Asian theme, everything is red, beautiful decor, beautiful flowers, the bars they have while you walk through it are equally beautiful. . . The restaurants they have, especially- WAZU! Are the most amazing/freshest of ingredients anywhere in Vegas, this is a FOODIE HOTEL. If you love food, and luxury chillin, go to the Wynn. Pricey I might add, but hey it's Vegas and worth it.. . Everyone in Vegas knows every cab you get into, "This is Steve Wynn" there is a reason, Steve Wynn is the MAN! . . I've never stayed here, only dreamt of it, one day I will. Stayed everywhere else in Vegas, this is one for the books I can't wait to live in for a week!! . . I will post photos of being here, and the Encore, there kind of similar connected hotels. Both the buildings look the same, and have seen all their shows. . . If your coming to Vegas and never have, PLEASE STOP IN THE WYNN, this place is what Luxury/Rich/Fine Dining is really all about, you will not go home the same person after visiting the Wynn... . The casino is amazing as well, lot's of Slot Machines, Tables, High Roller Areas, as well as Wheel of FORRRTUNNNNNE my personal favorite.. . Check out the WYNN.
This place is worth every penny. You get to experience Vegas without mobs of people downstairs in the casino. The restaurants are pretty good, the decor is beautiful, and the conveniences are superb. What really made our experience is the customer service - everyone, from the bellhop to the security, was super friendly and helpful. I really appreciate that.
Very nice hotel with great service to match. I was always given a hello and help with a smile. The decorum is classier than most area spots.
Hands down best hotel on the strip. Once you go Wynn you never go back!!
Always enjoy Wynn and Encore. For some reason, I don't like the super contemporary new hotels...maybe I am getting old. Nevertheless, Wynn always deliver the best ofeverything u expect from a Vegas hotel.
One of the lost luxurious hotels in all of Las Vegas. Everything looks, feels and is luxurious. The employees are top notch and did everything I requested when we stayed. Looks so gorgeous during Christmas even though everything is Asian themed.
Do people research hotels at all before booking them? I'm really appalled at some of these negative reviews about the cost of staying/gambling/dining here. You're not staying at The Quad. There is no "Hash House A Go Go" here. You're paying a pretty penny to stay here so you should expect nothing but the absolute best and priciest amenities. I apologize for sounding uppity, but it's really common sense. . . Yes, Wynn & Encore are at the end of the strip. However, I find this part of the strip to be clean, well kept and easy to walk around in without the "porn guys" snapping cards at you. The Fashion Show Mall is across the street with TI/Mirage diagonal and The Palazzo and Venetian across the side street. Everything is within walking distance so you never feel like you're missing out on whatever goes on mid-strip (Hint: drunk people hanging out at Carnival Court or Fat Tuesdays).. . My husband and I have stayed at either Wynn or Encore a total of 10 times in 4 years. Every trip has been an amazing experience. Many people say that a hotel is just for resting your head after a long day, and while that's true, the Wynn/Encore properties make it an unforgettable experience. From the lush decor, to the staff that goes above and beyond to the AMAZINGLY comfortable and clean rooms to thespectacular restaurants. . . If you have the extra money and want an unforgettable Vegas experience, do yourself a favor and stay here a few nights.
One of my favorite places to stay when I am in town.  I have never been disappointed with anything here.  Steve Wynn definitely knows what people desire in a resort.
Came to Las Vegas for my birthday and stayed at The Wynn. Love this magical place. It's simply beautiful. Great staff and service. It's an adult Disneyland and we had a blast. The newly added carousel and hot air balloon in the lobby is spectacular. Kudos to Steve Wynn and Preston Bailey for  this creation.
