My wife and I attend a trade show in Las Vegas, the third week of January every year. We have stayed at numerous Strip hotels. Planet Hollywood was great. The rooms are a little dark but that is the theme of the entire hotel and casino. Our room was very spacious with a huge bathroom with seperate sink areas, a 36" deep tub, seperate shower and seperate toilet room. The heating system was whisper quiet. The elevators were never more than a 15-45 second wait (6 elevators for 15 floors!!!). We have waited endless minutes for elevators at other hotels. The casino was very contemporary and player great rock and roll. The casino's air filtration system held down the cigarette odor. The location is IDEAL. Next to Paris, across from the new Cosmopolitan and rest of City Center. Will definitely try to stay here again next year.
Of all the hotels that we visited here, this is by far the most exciting casino and hotel for people under the age of 30. Cool clubs, a big mall surrounding the casino with relevant shopping (not prada and gucci), and great food joints throughout both the casino and mall areas. All night long there is music pumping in the casino, hallways, elevators, bathrooms, etc so the whole place ties together. The location of this hotel is killer too, located in basically the middle of the strip, walking distance in either direction to whatever you want to do. A portion of the hotel offers a spectacular view of the Bellagio Fountains from above and they fire every 30 minutes. The hotel also upgrades you if you check in late enough and they have unfilled reservations. It was a great experience here! We will be back!
This is the my favorite casino I have spent time at in Vegas. That is saying quite a bit, considering I have stayed at probably 8 different casinos in my time. The location is very centralized on the strip, so as to minimize walking. The place draws a younger crowd and has great energy. Pretty Go-Go dancers perform behind the craps and blackjack area at night and drinks are served quickly on the casino floor. My room was one of the bigger and more modern places I have stayed on the strip and was themed for Forrest Gump. My wife loves shopping at the mall attached to the casino, as it has two of her favorite places (Sephora and Urban Outfitters). The outside of the casino also has a Pink's hotdogs which is a great place to grab a late night bite when you are drunk and in need of something.
location, location, location!!! We lucked out and got the Charlie Sheen themed room. Can you say WINNING?! . @ 1st i was a little sketchy about staying here since we only paid $99 a night so I though it maybe low roller. Boy was I wrong! . Access to miracle mile mall, restaurant galore and walking distance to all the hot spots. . . My friend who was staying at Aria even said she would rather be at PH. . Whaaat & agreed. This is defiantly a hotel for the young and restless. . Great prices, food and staff. Plus you cant beat the dancers in the casino =)
This is one of my favorite places to stay at when i am down in vegas. The reason why it is one of my favorites is the combination of PRICE + LOCATION + ATMOSPHERE. i AM IN MY 20'S and when i am down in vegas i am rarely in my room, mainly just to sleep and recover from a night of partying. So i love staying here because i can always find a good price on the hotels and the decor of the rooms are pretty new still. IT has a nice modern look. The location is on the strip and right across the brand new aria / cosmopolitan also. It is also located on the main strip so you can almost walk from most of the good hotels on the strip. The atmosphere of planet hollywood is also great. It has a nice young crowd around this hotel. The gambling area has the pleasure pit where there are beautiful girls dancing and dealing out cards. Plus there is a mall located in this hotel. One of my favorite sandwich places is located here which is earls sandwich. After a night of partying, this sandwich place really hits the spot.
I stayed here on my most recent trip to Vegas and I must say that I was impressed.  I liked it more than TI, and it was infinitely better than Excalibur and Circus Circus.  Plus, for the price and location, it's perfect.. . The room was nice.  Pretty good size overlooking the pool and strip, which was perfect because I could see the action at the pool and whether it was worth going to.  Which it was.. . The gambling?  Meh, I think all casinos are pretty much the same, some having lower limits than others.  This one is in the middle I guess.. . The food was good.  The Earl of Sandwiches was good and I liked the price.  The buffet wasn't bad either.. . The atmosphere was good too.  Lot's of young and middle aged people.  A good environment to meet and mingle with people.  I would stay here again.. . Another positive, no resort fees
I stayed here and I thought it was pretty nice!. and this though that place is glitzy. And I like the Extra Lounge, it was fun, just listening to music..  I like Planet Dailies, Earl of Sandwich, So I probably be back!
Exceptional service! . Valet...fast and courteous. Self Parking is a nightmare because of where it's located. If you self park you've got to walk a through the Mile of Shops to get to the front desk. I would HIGHLY recommend the valet parking. If traveling with someone in need of handicap parking, valet is your only option.  . Check in...a front desk attendant with a personality, smiles and great conversation. Gave us an upgrade to a bigger room and a nice view of the strip :). Restaurants...overpriced as you would expect but the service made up for it. Very attentive waitstaff at every eating establishment we encountered. Concert venue....an awfully long line that led around the Mile of Shops. They need to open their doors sooner to give that long single line of people a chance to get to their seats. When you arrive 30 minutes early to a show you would expect to see the whole show but because we waited in that entrance line for about an hour, we missed part of the opening act. However, service was exceptional here. When my friend needed assistance in the steep climb out of the venue, security didnt rush us out. They told us to take all the time we needed and one even offered his arm to her and assisted her out at her pace, not his.. . Planet Hollywood Hotel is a great example of how customer service should be!
LOVE THIS PLACE!!!. . For all the people complaining about the noise and partying, this place isn't for you. If you are 35+, go to Paris across the street. This place is a hip location that caters to the 21-33 crowd.. . Super fun casino, great drinks, great atmosphere, tons of hot girls walking around, some expected drunk guys. This place is the exact reason I come to Vegas. If i have to stay at the Wynn, Palazzo or Bellagio, I would be bored to death.
Through the years this casino has transformed itself into one of the best looking interior casinos in Vegas. They also have an outstanding shopping mall area. We came here and I was able to play the penny slots and roulette. I actually made some money at planet Hollywood. . . I tried playing at their poker room, but they don't have any 2-4 Limit Hold Em tables. the guy was cool. He recommended I go to the Flamingo for 2-4 Limit Hold Em. I appreciated his advice.. . Just a note: It's easier to use Paris valet and take a short walk to Planet Hollywood. There's a dessert place on the corner of Paris called Sugar Factory and I hear the dessert's here are incredible.
My friends that came here didn't even stay in this hotel but from Friday to Monday, we came here about 11 times for all different reason. It just seemed to have everything we needed each time--hot dogs (Pink's), sandwiches (Earl), drinks (Fat Tuesday), underwear (H&M), other (American Apparel). For some reason, we got lost every time as well. Every trip here was another adventure or maybe we were bored. They even have go go dancers in their casino at night.. . Despite this place not feeling like it has anything to do with Hollywood, I loved my trips here. It seems to be the one place to go to during the day when you're not ready enough to party.
I had a great time here.  The staff was nice, the rooms were accommodating, and the alcohol is fairly priced.  . . I have to give much props to the staff though.  Me and my friends had our very own "hangover" moment where we drank a few too many everclear shots and lost one of our friends at the pool area.  We didn't realize he was missing until we got back to our room.  But instead of looking for him, we laughed about the situation and passed out (messed up i know, but we were drunk).  . . Next thing we know, we get a knock on the door, and guess who it was?  Our missing drunk!  The staff at PH had found our friend walking around aimlessly in the casino with no shirt and no shoes completely inebriated.  They were nice enough to wheelchair him back to our room (free of charge).  . . PH you rock!
Stayed again a few weeks ago, and it was as great as always.  They have improved the pool, so it looks way better.  Sucks they charge for the nice lounges, but oh well, the basic ones are comfy and can be lounged in for hours :).  The room was sooooo affordable when we stayed and we could see the whole north view of the strip and B fountain.  It was a really cool corner room.  For sure, one of the best places to stay in Vegas when looking to spend less.
Best hotel stay, ever. . . . This Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino is located where the Aladdin used to be up until 5 years ago. I would dub the vibe as modern Hollywood chic. . It's the best option on the strip in my opinion. . . The rooms rock your socks off...with movie memorabilia and framed movie pics, along with a 42" screen TV, humongous tub, marble floors granite counters and we even had a partial view of the strip...all for just $63/night via www.priceline.com. . . The desk staff were delightful, and there are so many restaurants & shops in the hotel & right outside of it, in the indoor mall. Take advantage of free wi-fi in the Starbucks next to the Extra Lounge, where you can see interviews of celebs too. . . To get a taste of a little technological advancement, view your room charges right on your TV. screen. Or just revel in the quietness that comes with the drama-free guests . . . One of my favorite advantages of staying at Planet Hollywood is the Express Checkout. You fill out the form in your room, wrap it around your room key cards, and slip them in the box in the lobby. You're done and ready to roll. No standing in line forever to checkout. If there are any charges left over, they'll bill you. Easy peasy. . . . So yeah, in a nutshell: Best hotel stay, ever.
First time in Vegas I stayed here. Very nice and helpful staff, very clean, and a good location.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. Trying to find the hotel parking vs. the mall parking was confusing and my husband was getting really mad. He even said this place better be worth it. IT IS!. .  . We stayed here June 15-17. When we first got there our room wasn't ready but the guy gave us an upgrade to a studio room. OMG.  The room was bigger than our old apartment in San Diego. A view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. The bathroom was just about as big as the room itself. Our room had a sitting area with Forrest Gump memorabilia and the funny thing is that it's my all time favorite movie. That was a fun surprise. The tub was big enough for two to fit comfortable and relax. . . The best part was The Miracle Mile of Shops was right downstairs. . . I really don't have too much to complain about except the buffet was just ok. For $27.99 per person you would think the food would taste better than other places but it didn't. I liked that they had a huge variety (American, Mexican, Italian...), if you get the coupon book from customer service I think you can get a 2 for 1  in the book. . . All in all this is the best place to stay on the strip. It isn't too hip where if you have kids they get bored and it's not to flashy for older people. . . We loved it and will be back!!
What can I say Planet Hollywood is located in the middle of the strip. I had good customer service at the front desk while checking in. I don't know why the reviews are bad on here about that. I think people need to give people who are working in the front desk a break. I mean come on now they deal with tons of people every single day. So try to be more understandable before writing a review first. When I got there it was smoothing sailing. The rooms ere dope looking. I got the Hollywood Hip Room. The rooms are clean. Every single day the maid service serviced my room with fresh bed sheets and towels. I will come back to this place.
One of the best experiences in vegas I've ever had. We had just had a bad experience at another hotel and were greeted with profesional and polite guest service representatives. This hotel has a great atmosphere and is very classy for a great price. We were upgraded to a suite with a great view of the strip and the bellagio fountains. the suite had a back to the future theme with props used from the film. great hotel and great service
this hotel was awesome!!! rooms were very spacious and excellent view of the strip.  also in the rooms are themed with various actors/actresses photos from movies or memorabilia. the casino had huge variety of machines/tables.  they also have the pleasure pit which starts at 8pm everynight and goes on until 4am(?).  the in-house show there is peepshow featuring holly madison from girls next door fame.  the show was very entertaining and price wasn't too bad. i paid $76 for seating which was towards the back of the arena but it's a small one so you could still see the show well.  i also paid an additional $100 for the meet and greet with holly madison.  the meet and greet is limited to the first 30 customers to purchase it for each show.  the hotel is also connected to the miracle mile shops where they have excellent dining and a wide variety of shops.  a good place to eat is the earl of sandwich...sandwiches are delish and prices are reasonable.  they also have a fat tuesdays so you can grab your favorite frozen alcoholic beverage in either 22oz or 100oz.  i would def stay at this hotel again!
Vegas for the 3rd time this year? It still hasn't gotten old for me yet.. :). . And every time I come to Sin City, I love staying at Planet Hollywood. Not only is the location perfectly in the center of all of the main attractions but the decor and comfort is also superb! There's a movie memorabilia in every room to suit every theme. When it comes to the casino and gambling, I love to play at the PH casino. For some reason, I feel like it's easier to win here than at any other hotel on the strip. Some suggestions for those of you who want to test your hand at gambling are Crazy 4 Poker and Roulette. All in all, I've stayed at PH for about 4 trips so far and I will be sure to stay here again when I go next month! :)
We love Vegas and the location of this hotel is perfect!! Its near everything we enjoy doing and is a great place when we go to Vegas to party and hang with friends! Not my favorite for a romantic get away but definitely a fun place to go, always something going on!
Best deal in the heart of the strip.. . My last 5 trips to Vegas have been here and I think that streaks going to continue for a while.  Great location across the street from the cosmo, affordable tables with hot dealers, good eats (earls, pinks, planet dailies), a starbucks, and miracle mile mall.  Rooms aren't super luxurious but they have consistently good rates, clean, and modern (circa early 2000's).  The PH pool is not as nice as the westgate towers pool so if you can get in that go there.  PH is my home when in vegas.
This place is so fun! Ive been here to play before, but it was my first time staying this past week. We had a pet room, so they gave us dog bowls and treats! The lines here to check in, get your car out of valet and get a taxi are much shorter than Im used to at the Rio! . . Our room was surprisingly big! My favorite part was the big bathroom. Next time Ill have to make use of the jacuzzi tub! . . The tables here were even good to me. I didnt come back winning money, but I was pretty even throughout my trip and if youre coming home from Vegas with anything in your wallet, its a good thing!. . The only things I didnt like about the place were water pressure in the shower and that when I checked in, they didnt have the 2 queen beds I requested. . . I had a great stay here, everyone from the front desk to the concierge, valet, housekeeping were all so nice and friendly - I am making this my new hotel. See you again in a few months PH!
We reserved a non smoking KING room through bookit.com and at check in, we were told only smoking is available right now or we can get the non smoking later. We decided to check in anyway and I used the $20 trick (google $20 trick if you don't know what that is). . . Suddenly, there's a NON SMOKING Queen room available. I also asked nicely if we could get the Bellagio fountain view room. She said yes we would get the fountain view room. We went up to the 27th floor and we got the Sammy Davis Jr's room with full frontal view of Bellagio fountain, Caesars Palace, and The Cosmopolitan.. . We were so happy with our room. The tub was nice and the separate shower was a nice touch. I love their bath products including the massage soap bar. The only downside is there's no refrigerator, so use the ice bucket for your bottled drinks.. . The casino is fun. I didn't win anything there, but the Deal or No Deal machine is my new best friend now. I also love the Miracle Mile shops and pretty much you get everything you need at one hotel.. . I will stay here again. Thank you PH for an amazing experience. :)
the check was quick and easy... gave the guy at the counter my i.d. credit card and a $20 bill for an upgrade. The trick worked great i ended up getting a room about 200 sq ft bigger and a nice view of the strip. When u are in vegas u gotta try the $20 sandwich trick, i will be back in dec and will do it again... The casino is good and u cant beat the location....
Planet Hollywood, prime location, good prices, ok club if you can't get into the Marquee or XS. Would come back -- so many hot chicks stay here too! Getting the suite next time with a view next time! Because I can. Oh, and check in was super fast .Gotta love it.
PH has always been one of my favorite casinos. Love the decor. I finally got to stay here. We  were staying in a cheaper hotel for most of our trip but we booked a regular room at the PH for just one night on their website. I love that the Harrah's brand has no resort fees. Check in was fast and efficient. While checking in I joked with the guy that he should upgrade us. To my surprise he did. We got a fantastic suite that made our trip. We loved the hotel and service that we  booked a regular room for at the PH for the last 2 days of our trip.
This review is for the Casino only.  What more can you ask for when gambling at a casino in Vegas?  .....Personable and attractive dealers, friendly pit bosses (didn't know there was such a think until PH), music, dancers, friendly crowd in the right age range (not too young, not too old), casino that doesn't wreak of smoke, central location, and reasonable table rates.  I find myself returning to this casino again and again.  When will other casinos get the memo to hire dealers with some personality....and at least try and pretend like they enjoy their job.
One of the better value hotels in the heart of the Strip. Got a great rate and the casino floor can get crazy buys with lower limits than most surrounding hotels and the pleasure pit providing something to look at other than your cards. . . Rooms are clean and new and you've got a great great desk service.. . Holly Madison happened to greeting folks so that is a nice touch. Priceline it and enjoy Vegas with extra cash in your pocket for the tables.
We weren't planning on staying here, but our reservation at Mirage got all messed up so i ended up booking here last minute as it was the best bang for the buck at the last minute, and i was impressed when i stayed at the PH towers so i figured why not. . I booked 2 hollywood hip rooms for friday-monday and the total for both rooms ended up being $642 and they don't have resort fees which i really like.  not bad for 8 people to split for 4 days and 3 nights.  we went to check in and just asked about getting room upgrades and what was available.  the guy who checked us in said he could upgrade us to the panorama suite for $300 a night (pretty sure that is the room that you have to be a high roller to get).  we passed on that as we didn't feel like putting out another $900 at the time so instead we got comp'd upgrades for each of our rooms to resort rooms which were about $300 of comps for each room.  the resort room was about 25% larger, larger bathroom, larger sleeping area.  ontop of that, you get a better view with them, and they even comp'd us high floor upgrades so we went from the 8th floor with the hollywood hip rooms to the 23rd floor with the resort room.  not bad.. . The rooms:. the beds are probably some of the most comfortable beds i have ever slept in, probably more comfortable than my bed at my house, no joke.  the matress is that perfect soft where you just sink into it and don't want to get out.  the pillows are amazing (especially after the horrible pillows and beds at palace station).  the view was great, we had a view of the strip from city center down towards mandalay, and our other room had that view, plus more city center, and then right down into the marquee dayclub which was cool.  the memrobilia in the room is pretty cool too, enough to give a nice touch, but not too much that it is going over the top.  the bathroom was nice and had a tub, and a shower, and the toilet was seperated into a smaller part in the bathroom.  2 sinks were a nice touch too.. . casino:. i have been in the PH casino before from previous stays, and i have to say, it is probably one of my favorite casinos.  with the mix of rock and top 40 music they play, it has a very good vibe, and is just pretty lively at all hours of the day which i really like cause it makes it more fun to lose money.  the pleasure pit is good for those who just want to go look at good looking dealers and dancers and lose their money.  the cocktail waitresses are usually pretty fast and really nice so that is another huge plus for me. . PH is probably going to be my go to hotel from now on just because you get so much for your money, and it isn't that much money to begin with.  can't wait till i am back in a week
Love the feel of this place. The entire experience is hip and trendy. . . Check in was super quick. Check out was also quick using the in room check out. . . We got a great room with the Robin Williams "Toys" theme. The theme was the only negative thing about the hotel. It was creepy having him and these toys watch me in the bathroom. Otherwise the furnishings were awesome and the view was amazing. We were there over New Years and faced the City Center. We got to watch the fireworks from our room and it kicked butt! After the fireworks, we walked outside and partied with a ton of fun people. . . There is a great selection of shopping and dining experiences thanks to the Miracle Mile. There is a little mexican restaurant that had super cheap, filling and delicious breakfasts, along with cheap bloodies. There was a cool, round bar in the center of the mall. Be sure to stop at customer service and pick up a free coupon book.  We got lots of free drinks, big discounts and several free gifts with coupons. . . The casino was fun. The dealers were awesome. Tons of free drinks, even at slot machines. Cocktail waitresses were great. Guys, be sure to hit up the Passion Pit. Gambling with a side of hot, half-naked chicks. . . Will definitely be going back. You can usually find deals on these rooms. Be sure to sign up for the A Lister club for even more perks.
YES! Yes stay here. I don't know anything abotu the casino itself but the rooms are all nice and unique with great views. It's also connected to The Miracle Mile shops, which is arguably the best mall in all of Vegas.. . There is no security here so it's a great place to go if you're looking to hire a girl for the night, plus just downstairs is a Frederick's of Hollywood where you can get your paramour a present.. . From the Miracle Mile Valet you go right off the escalator, left at the Quetzalcoatl, Right at the Angel and you'll be right by the guest elevators. Follow my directions or wander for eternity in woe.
Quick check in once again.. Plus the $20 trick worked wonders this time. Not only did i get the upgrade but my friends did too. Just asked if we can all be close to one another so they gave us all 3 rooms with an upgrade..
My girls and I stayed here the last time we went to Vegas and we had a great time. I forgot why, but we got upgraded to an awesome suite on the 30th floor and had an a-mazing view of the strip and the city center across the street. The housekeeping staff was also very understanding about us needing an unusually large amount of towels, pillows, and a roll-away bed.... . I think my favorite part about staying here was the location. It's right across the street from the city center and basically smack dab in the middle of the strip so it's not an epic walk to get anywhere. Also, Miracle Mile stores right downstairs complete with Fat Tuesday refill station. Total win.. . Another win: Earl of Sandwich. 24/7 sandwiches for my drunken pleasure? I definitely appreciate it. Props for the breakfast sandwich.
Check-in was pretty quick. Waited in line for about 10 minutes. We checked in a few minutes early, no big deal. When we were done checkingin at around 3, the lobby was almost full of people waiting to check in. We got a free upgrade from a Hollywood Hip to a Resort Room which made our day.. . The Resort Rooms are very nice and clean. The bathrooms are HUGE. Almost the same size as the room itself. They have a nice glass shower, sinks on opposite sides, and a nice soaking tub. We got two queen beds in each room and they were very comfortable. One of our rooms had a view of the Bellagio Fountains which was really nice to watch right from the window. Each room has a theme based on a movie which is neat. A Resort Room also has a 42" TV (guesstimate) and two lounge chairs with a desk and chair. Room service comes around every day to clean up and replace cups, soap, etc. They'll also check your bags upon arrival and departure which is nice since we had time between both.. . We went in December so we didn't venture to the pool but the pool area is quite big. The Miracle Mile Shops is a great place to walk around and get food. Nothing is exactly fine dining but still selection of bar food, sit-down restaurants, to fast food. Also Earl of Sandwich is attached to the casino floor. 24/7 sandwiches? Amazing.. . I think the best thing about Planet Hollywood is its location. It's literally center strip and you can't get much better than that. The hottest nightclubs are all within walking distance (except Palms). Marquee at The Cosmopolitan which just got rated #1 in the U.S. is just a skywalk away. The Bellagio, Caesars, CityCenter, Paris, MGM are all within 5-10 minutes walking. I can't stress how awesome the location is.. . The casino floor is very nice. It gets very busy at night (the Pleasure Pit and go-go dancers bring in people I'm assuming). Tables are $10 during the day for games like blackjack and go up to $15 by night if I'm not mistaken. The Pleasure Pit is a unique twist on the casino experience I guess. The sportsbook is decent but far from the best or most extensive in Vegas. Planet Hollywood has 2 nightclubs inside, Koi and Gallery (more on those in their respective reviews).. . A downside is that WiFi costs around $15 or so if I'm not mistaken. Waaaay too expensive. Luckily I have 3G on my iPhone or I would have done without being connected with the world. . . I would definitely stay here again for the location if for nothing else. It's the most affordable hotel in its location by far. The affordability definitely had the crowd skewing younger but still met a wide variety of ages. If you're looking for good nightlife in Vegas, you need to be in the center strip area and PH is the most affordable choice. I wanted to give it more of a 4.5 than a 4 or a 5 but it is definitely an excellent hotel.
Only stayed here once, but it was a good time! Went for a friend's birthday and stayed in a suite with one king size bed in the room and a pull-out sofa. . . There's plenty of space in the bathroom. Both the shower and toilet have well designed doors so other people can be in the bathroom even if someone is showering or on the toilet. The only bad thing about the bathroom is the mirror. This was an issue for me as a girl because the mirror was pretty far away, so it was hard to see when doing make up. . . Moving to the room, there was a little sofa/lounge chair, the king-sized bed, and the hot tub. Though the hot tub cannot seat that many, it was a fun little area for everyone to sit around and just relax. One negative about the room was the hot tub jets. We had trouble getting them to start because you had to fill the tub with enough water and the sensor was not working well.. . The living room/kitchen which was the rest of the suite. A big thumbs up for the projector in the living room area. That was definitely a perk and when you're sleeping in the morning with the screen down, it literally feels like night time. The screen does a good job keeping the light out. The pull-out and sofa were all pretty comfortable. Though it is dangerous to get too comfortable watching the projector. You'll forget you're in Vegas and not want to move from the sofa. The full kitchen provided a good area to eat/drink/cook whatever you wish. . . The location of the rooms is kind of out of the way because you have to walk half of the Miracle Mile Shops to get there, but once you come down the elevators, the pool is just to the left. No matter where you go in the hotel, there's a walk involved.. Good places to go at PH:. - Earl of Sandwich. - Pink's Hot Dog. - Fat Tuesday. - Lobster ME. . Location of the hotel is great because it is right in the middle of the strip next to Paris and across Cosmopolitan. Once you walk out of the hotel, there's the hustle and bustle of the strip. I would definitely stay here again!
Oh how I miss Vegas already :*(. . Stayed here the weekend after NYE and we had a great stay.. . The casino and shops are great. Everything you need is right downstairs. Centrally located on the strip. Room was nice, flat screen tv, spacious bathroom, large tub, COMFY bed, and we got views of the Bellagio Fountains. I love the atmosphere of this hotel its young hip and modern. I'm definitely returning to this hotel, I had a GREAT time.. . I do agree that once you are in the casino we got lost almost every time we needed to go to our room, the layout is weird.
Went after the week after new years expecting it to be dead but  was very lively. You must hang out at the Pleasure Pit, and no its not a strip place, its a area where poker and card games are located, with beautiful dealers included, this one dealer 'Lisa' was the best dealer i have ever met! i know dealers make you feel comfortable but this one actually knew how to speak some vietnamese, she's the best.....The best time in Planet is after 8pm when they create a fun environment throughtout the Pleasure Pit, bump the music, have gogos dancers and all the female dealers come out and play....*thumbs up*. . ~Sin City we will meet agan~
Very impressed with my stay here.  Checked in late for a seminar and asked clerk for an upgrade.  He was very nice and spoke to manager.  Offered me a 1250 sq. Ft. Suite on 32nd floor with floor to ceiling windows looking out over the strip.  It was amazing -  what a view!  Gave me the room for less than half o
I have been through Planet Hollywood a couple times, but my most recent trip to Vegas had me staying there. As a preface, I'm a big gambler and I LOVE Vegas. I usually stay at MGM, but I was offered a free stay at any of the Harrah's hotels and decided to take them up on an offer and roll the dice.. . As far as the hotel, I was happy with the rooms. Nice bathrooms, gave us 2 queen sized beds as requested, great view from the 36th floor. I really don't spend much time in the hotel room itself, but it was a nice thing to come back to at the end of the night. Shower pressure was a little weak, but nothing that turned me off. Otherwise, I really liked the bathroom. I had 3 rooms in lieu of a large group I was traveling with; unfortunately they weren't able to put us all on the same floor, despite requesting it at the time of reservation- but again, nothing that left a sour taste in my mouth. Unfortunately, I have no review of the pool area as I stayed here in the middle of January.. . They are one of my favorite casinos to play at on the strip. Largely in lieu of the Pleasure Pit - an area of the casino with sexy outfitted dealers and girls table dancing to fun songs inside the pit area. Everyone always seems to be in good spirits around the area and it makes for a fun night. Additionally, it's in a great location; right in the center of the strip. I highly recommend it.
I'm a fan of this place. I try to stay here whenever I'm in Vegas. It's hip and trendy. The prices are usually pretty good and sometimes, they'll even upgrade your room for free. The crowd is young and I've seen several celebrities hanging out. They also have the Pleasure Pit to keep gamblers and onlookers entertained...
I came to Vegas twice in one month during December 2011 and chose to stay at PH. I booked my room through expedia.com and got it for about $42/night. . . My first visit was to celebrate my birthday, me and my friends were greeted by the concierge and got in line to check in. The man who helped us gave me an upgrade to a bigger room with a view of Bellagio! I enjoyed the water show every night while getting ready! My bf smokes cigarettes so we check into a smoking room. When I first walked in I thought it was going to reek of the smell of smoke, but it didn't (thank goodness). The room was a good size and I love the double vanities so that I can get ready without sharing counter space. . . The casino was right downstairs and around 9PM they have go-go dancers dancing on the tables in the "pleasure pit" area. If you're looking to go and have a good times, PH is a great hotel to stay at. There is along of younger people who just want to have fun! The location of PH is perfect because it's right across from Aria, Crystal Mall and next to Paris. You also have access to the shopping mall. The pool looked really nice but it was too cold to go out there. I can't wait to go back to Sin City!!
It was my Valentine Present, a suite at Planet Hollywood. The room was superb. Windows Wrapped around the end of the hotel overlooking the Paris and Bellagio fountains, we were able to lounge on a chaise in the window and watch the fountains. Giant Bathtub divides the rooms. We ordered champagne and chocolate strawberries! Service was quick, polite and discreet. The whole effect was very special. We ate in the steak house which was good. it was a wonderful night!
I always choose to stay at this hotel when I visit Vegas. It has one of the best places to eat in Vegas (Earl of Sandwiches), pretty good location on the strip, and rooms are  decently priced. 25 cent Slot machines (w/the wheel on top) and War is what I usually play and PH satisfies both of my gambling cravings. . . The Miracle Mile Shops are also fun to walk through. PH is also well ventilated unlike some of the other hotels (ie. Paris). . . The only minor downside is their valet service which can sometimes be a little slow and annoying, especially if you need to get somewhere quick.
awesoooooommmmmmmeee
PLANET HOLLYWOOD HOTEL & CASINO. I have never stayed at the Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas, but I sure do love coming here!!! Love the colors, gaudiness, and the girls who dress in burlesque outfits and act as dealers and gogo dancers on the casino floor. It's all about the Pleasure Pit, where you can play blackjack, roulette, and other casino games, while you get super distracted by the gogo dancers gyrating to the beats of hip hop music right in front of you... after they're done, the come down, deal you cards, and take your $$$. The Spice Market is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas, also. It's cheaper and offers a wide variety of different cuisines. In addition, the Earl of Sandwich is another of my favorite stops. Excellent sandwiches if you're looking to save money. Overall, Planet Hollywood is an excellent casino to play at and offers great eye candy. At least when you lose your $$$, you won't feel as bad ^)^
I am giving the customer service of Planet Hollywood a five-star and beyond!. . Basic pros: location, price, easy parking, and near Miracle Mile.. . Why this place deserves five stars and beyond: Service!!!. . The valet attendants were friendly and attentive. The line to check-in (on a Friday at 4:00pm) moved quick. And when we reached the front of the line, we met Yasuko, who, without giving too much details, heard about our special occasion and, without hesitation, went to see what she can "do for you"... came back with comp upgrades. Again, this is mid-April on a weekend (sure it's only one-night), but she was so easy-going about it. Didn't make a big fuss, not slipping a twenty, etc.... . . Then, the manager Vickie, came by and was so friendly and personable... made us feel super comfortable and upgraded us again into really nice suites next to each other with the perfect Strip views! Again, no big fuss, was really interested in our reasons to be at the resort for that one day, and just was super cool about everything. Bring her a Starbucks coffee if you were do decide to see her. And wink. . . So MAJOR KUDOS to Yasuko and Vickie... and yes, she said yes. :)
Staying & playing @ Planet Hollywood was AWESOME!!! When we first checked in, line was kind of long but moved quickly.. At our turn to check-in, the front desk clerk was very professional & asked when was the last time I stayed here.. Told him it was my 1st time & next thing you know I got a complimentary upgrade from Hip room to Resort Room with view of pool & Bellagio water fountain!! Of course, the $20 tip trick worked!!! Room was amazing & bathroom was HUGE!! His/her sinks!! Beds & pillows were comfortable.. ( did not want to get out if bed).. Learned 3 card poker @ the Pleasure Pit.. Lost & then won my money back.. Breakfast @ Miracle Mile Restaurants are cheap & ono!! Planet Dailies had good food too!! Will definitely be back to stay @ PH!!
Had a fantastic experience at Planet Hollywood on a recent stay.  Loved many things about the place:. . 1. The rooms were beautiful and very comfortable.  Ours was decorated with Ghostbusters memorabilia which was just fun.  . 2. The casino was buzzing and had a young vibe.. 3. Ate at their restaurant several times, and while the service was slow, it was always friendly and the food was good.  Especially good for late night snacks.. 4. LOVED the pool area.  Amazing rooftop area, fun DJ, and plenty of chairs.. 5. Proximity to other fun spots on the strip, including Paris and the Bellagio.. 6. The concierge hooked us up with some last minute tickets to Cirque.. . Unfortunately, check-in and check-out seem to have quite a queue...but that may because we (like many other patrons, apparently) waited until the absolute last possible moment to check-out.
Didn't actually stay at this hotel for my most recent visit to Vegas but I found that I kept going back to visit it. There is so much to do inside of this hotel. Great places to eat, shop, drink and just hang out. There is a mixed crowd of people all over! The workers are super friendly and the hotel is just a great place to look at! I will be staying here next time!!
Love staying here! Here's why:. 1)  Location (is everything) *close to it all, in the heart of the strip, you can walk to the Paris, Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, City Center, Caesars Palace. 2)  Ultra Modern, very Clean rooms, with movie memorabilia-Beds are so comfortable, they even have a brochure about the mattress'. 3)  So many places to eat within the Hotel/Casino/Mall--I recommend a "Buffet of Buffets" pass $44.99, good for 24 hours at & buffets--PH (good buffet for any meal), Caesars Palace (good food, smaller selection-but tasty),  Paris (The BEST dinner buffet) Go for my Bday, since they opened! , Rio (large selection-great for lunch), . & Bally's, Imperial Palace, and the Flamingo. 4)   Nightlife-Pussycat Dolls Burlesque Saloon, & Koi, walk next door to the Paris-Chateau Nightclub & Gardens, over the glass skybridge to the Bellagio to The Bank, Hyde, and the NEW-City Center is directly across the Cosmopolitan and Aria--no need to drive, especially if you're drinking---. 5)  Miracle Mile Shops--1.2 miles--170 stores, 15 Restaurants--H&M, Tommy Bahama, Steve Madden, True Religion, Sugar Factory, Club Tattoo, go for some Gelato, stop in the Wyland Gallery, and I love the ABC store--Just like Hawaii, has LV and Hawaiian items! . 6) Peepshow--great show
Been staying here all week and it's the bomb!. Awesome strip location, great walking distance, great eats/choices.
I don't care what people have to say but the dealers are hot and sexy, there is a shopping mall for the ladies open til 11pm attached right to the casino and the 44.49 24 hour buffet is worth every penny if your a hungry fella like ,myself.. . dp
I love Planet Hollywood.. . The location is perfect, right smack in the middle of the strip.  hotel is clean, . you have mostly your younger crowd that's staying here.  cute/spacious rooms. you have your mall attached to the hotel. Koi Restaurant upstairs/ P.F. Changs downstairs. and affordable pricing on rooms. . PERFECT!
Great room. Stayed 6-17/6-19. Nice staff. Would def go back!
We stayed here January 2012 and loved it! We are faithful Harrah's Properties guests and they comp us very fairly! This was our first PH stay and we really enjoyed it! My partner and I are both in our 40's and come to Vegas twice a year. We found PH to be young and hip and very Vegas... We liked the energy and style. Service was good right from the front desk and everywhere there after. The location in the center strip can't be beat and the views can be spectacular. Definately request strip/fountain views. The room was cleaned to our satisfaction daily though maybe showing some nicks and dings and wear... We will not complain because the price was great and the suite pretty darn awesome. We asked for a Panarama Suite and got 1601 on the 16th floor ...facing MGM/NYNY etc but the panaramic view was wonderful! We watched sunsets and rises and the strip lights...awesome! Be sure to soak in the huge tub! Use the wet bar for evening parties and coffee in the morning! The beds were comfortable and above average but maybe could be more luxurious? Lots of high styled furniture and movie memorabilia! We found we stayed in the room more than on trips when we stay in lesser rooms. The Miracle mile shops will keep you captivated for days... And the food choices are plentiful! Both offer a a range of price from very affordable to higher end. Again, we found ourselves more content staying on the property this trip due to all it had to offer! I will attach a few pics and hopefully a video tour of the room... Lastly, we are BIG Vegas fans... We come and stay often and we must say PH gets 2 big thumbs up for value, location, service and fun!
great location and lots of action around this casino close to shopping and good dining .
The shopping/restaurant/bar area was beautiful. I love these architectures. We took a Stripper 101 class, and our instructor was beautiful and very fun. :) Her stripper name is Pony if anyone takes her class. Didn't really think that poles were so fun. HAHA, it takes a lot of strength to do what they do, and I give them props.
You know when you leave Vegas with no money in your pockets, and still can say you had a great time alot has too do with your hotel stay... That being said Planet Hollywood is Great... Our room was really nice...  upgraded to a suite for a realatively low price.  The room over looked the Bellagio Fountain, and had a spa tub.  The location can not be beat, in  the center of everything Vegas.... Go have fun and please try to win some of my money back...   ENJOY
Neat spot! I totally went and checked out the Sunday party at the pool and really liked the music there! I like how its nice and clean too 8)
Great stay here last week. Young, vibrant and hip. The hotel is also joined to a mall for the occasional shop if you get bored of gambling. it is in the centre of the strip and gets really happening at night for drinking and partying. They also have one of the best buffets on the strip, I also recommend the buffet at Caesars as a must as it has just opened and blows everything else away. . . If you want a reasonable priced, good location and party casino this is your place!
Great hotel smack dab in the middle of the strip across the Bellagio and the Cosmopolitan. As you know, this hotel use to be the Aladdin so walking around the hotel and the Miracle Mile Mall have some parts of that middle easterntheme in tact.. . Check in is right below the casino, so you'd have to take an escalator going back up to the casino vice versa to take a cab or pick up your car.  Our room was not too shabby and no Bellagio, the room was painted dark brown with one small window the size of a port hole and very dirty indeed. Not a lot of outlets to charge your cell and laptop. The flat screen was nice but the room could use some more lighting as it was pretty dim. The bathroom still has some of that Aladdin style and the tub and shower was a nice touch and clean.. . Casino vibe here was pretty calm during the day but at night they pump the music way too loud and I could hardly hear my friend talking right next to me. Clientele was mostly young college kids getting their drink on and som e shady looking characters. The 3 best restaurants in my opinion at the PH are the Spice Market Buffet, Earl and PF Chang's and the rest are all mediocre. . . The pool is nothing to write about and one thing I like about Planet Hollywood the most is Miracle Mile because it's just walking distance to your room and the ABC sStore was a joy to have. This hotel doesn't live to the hype and theme and I think the Aladdin Hotel still lives inside Planet Hollywood . I wouldn't stay here again annd reading about hotel guest's rooms being broken into is just sad. Well I'll be staying in my new base hotel, The Mirage, where they treat you like guests and the rooms are recently renovated and are vibrant compared to PH's that are just dark and depressing.
This review is for the casino and specifically, for the slot machines right by Earl of Sandwich. These machines are loose because they're in full view of mall-goers and will lure people in. Twice I've put a few bucks in and gotten at least twenty bucks back on my investment. :)
Wowww Party all day and all night :) perfect casino and perfect atmosphere ! Pleasure pit ROcks Big time. Great location
Nice hotel, just stepping out the front entrance and you are right on the strip.  However the internet is not free $13.99 a day.  I'll will change it 5 stars if I can get it reimburse when checking out ... and they did not charge me the internet, so I change the rating to 5 stars.
This is one of my favorite vegas hotels. Earl of Sandwich makes it ten times better. Clean hotel, great location, very nice.
I'm now a huge fan. The restaurants are great, very easy access to the Mile Mall and to the Strip. They have a separate floor for the casino so those who do not gamble can avoid it all together along with the smoking. Their suits are beautiful and gave a very nice view of the strip. Pools didn't look too tempting, but I don't go to vegas to swim! Won 1600 bucks at this casino and already have blocked off rooms for my wedding party.
I was actually very surprised about how much I loved PH. It really does have all the makings of a great hotel without paying that extreme markup (plus NO RESORT FEES). I would probably give this place 4 stars, but I'm biased because I was pretty lucky at the casino here.. . Location: Center of the strip. Everywhere is within walking distance or you could always take a cab anywhere and not pay too much. I think some people think this aspect is overrated, but it was perfect for our group when we went to all the other hotels.. . Rooms: Pretty nice rooms. We got a Mountain Resort room and the view wasn't that great though, so I would probably stick with something else. We just took it because we wanted more space and the his-and-her sinks were a plus.. . Shopping: Normally I wouldn't list shopping here, but they do have the Miracle Mile shops attached to the casino and the ABC store is a very cheap place to buy alcohol or bottled water. Some of their drink prices were the same you would see in a grocery market back home like Safeway.. . Casino: The Pleasure Pit is full of scantily clad women with low cut tops working the tables and attractive dancers who dance on top of the tables. Not much more you could ask for here. Music is also pretty good and keeps things going, even at 6am. The sports betting area feels a little laid back and almost reminds me of a theater seating.. . Food: There's plenty of choices here from the Spice Market Buffet to Earl's. I would definitely hit up Earls, but the buffet is pretty good as well (large selection).. . Club: Even though I had a VIP pass to go here, we didn't even bother trying. You probably don't want to waste your time here when you could just go across the street to Marquee or even down the strip to XS.. . Overall: Great place to stay. We got a really good Cyber Monday deal and that price really sold it for me.
My friend and I stayed here last week. We stayed in 3518 and the rooms are really spacious. We didn't get a view of anything just a parking lot and mountains. I think each room here is movie themed. We got the "Honey, I shrunk the kids" theme. Beware, there is an ugly prop in the table by the window. It was a huge ant. I thought it was a huge spider so I screamed. ( I hate spiders ) Well anyway, the room was located near the elevator which was really convenient. Every few minutes or so, I would hear the elevator ding. The hotel is located in the middle of the strip and across fom the city center. Two thumbs up that there's a pedestrian bridge from city center to ph.  I liked the miracle mile shop downstairs which many different selections of stores. Two thumbs up for Earl of sandwiches and Fat Tuesdays.
love this casino. the dancing girls dont hurt either.
Really enjoyed staying here. Stayed for a 5 day conference. This hotel is central to everything on the strip. I went to Earl of Sandwich to eat every single day we were there. Great sandwiches at a normal price $6 or $4 for breakfast. Got to do some gambling too and while I'm not quite sure I won, they have some fun slot machines. Our room was very clean and checking in was easy. However, our friends who slipped the guy a $20 got a waaaaay better room, upgraded to a suite overlooking the Bellagio fountain. Now I know for next time. Only bad part about this place is the casino level is super hard to navigate. It took us five days to somewhat figure out the layout and  I'm still thinking we would get lost in there. Would definitely stay here again.
For my money the best place to stay on the strip. Great location near the nicer hotels with the bad ass night clubs. . . My last visit, I was upgraded to a suite because the reception lady was very nice and she found it was my friend's first visit to vegas. The Panarama suite is usually a $400 up charge but I would find it to be well worth it. . . I recommend this placeto anyone that is visiting vegas in the future. . . I booked my room through www.westcoastvipgaming.com
My fav place to stay in Vegas!
The rooms look like they could use some rerenovating, but the price more than makes up for that. Its also in a good location on the strip, and the staff is friendly and helpful!
Planet Hollywood is located in the perfect spot on the strip. Right in the middle. Many of the rooms have a great view of the Bellagio fountains. Rooms are all very nice and very clean. The casino floor is trendy and the layout is a little confusing at times, especially after a few drinks. But its always fun here, a little louder in here than other casinos. They have the "Pleasure Pit" with gogo dancers behind the dealers, huge distraction. Hard to take your eyes off them. Most of the dealers are a distraction also, dressed in revealing outfits. Its very nice to look at but for a weaker man it can be your path to destruction when gambling
We love Planet Hollywood. This is definitely our favorite place to stay on the strip, mainly because of its price considering the location. The rooms are clean. The Miracle Mile shops are awesome and City Center is right across the street. There are a lot of good restaurants and I love the decor!
For my first time in Vegas during spring break in college, I thought Planet Hollywood was a great place to stay! My group of friends chose the suite in order to live it up for our first time. It included two beds, a kitchen, a hot tub and very spacious accommodations. We played music on the TV and we could listen to our jams as we got ready in the restroom. Our view was great because we could see the rest of the strip and the hustle and bustle of Vegas. . . Planet Hollywood is a great location because it is in the middle of the strip and is right next to the really nice hotels and shops. There is a mall or shopping center within the vicinity so you can do some souvenir shopping, gamble, or even grab a drink at Fat Tuesday. Fat Tuesday and Earl sSandwich are located in the same building so that was the best decision ever since Earls Sandwich is 24 hours. I really think my friends and I chose a prime location where we could really take in the Vegas experience. Despite it being on the Strip, it seems like you will always be taxiing wherever you go even when you are less than a mile away from the club. When you are in heels or it's late at night, you never want to walk back. Lucky for us since PH is in a prime location, the cost wasnt that bad. There are taxis circling in the parking area at PH so that is always convenient. . . **TIPS**. 1) The suite life is pretty awesome. I would definitely recommend it.. 2) If the day club is too expensive, there pool area is really nice to lounge around.. 3) Enjoy your stay!
I have always been a fan of this hotel. The location is great, so are the rooms, restaurants, nightclubs, buffet, and service, even the casino floor is inviting. We would have stayed there this go around had their competitor not been so accommodating.
LOVE. LOVE. LOVE. I will not stay at another place in Vegas. I have found my home. Just got back from my honeymoon. Stayed 1 week at Harrahs (see separate review) and 1 week at PH. Ph is amazing. Perfect location in the heart of the strip- across from Cosmo (which houses Marquee day club- the best, and Wicked Spoon- best Vegas buffet). PH has everything you need and want and you dont have to leave. PH has the Earl of Sandwich, PBR, Pinks, and the new and amazing Gordon Ramsay Burgr. My fav food places. They also have a HUGE mall downstairs that fits all your needs. (ABC stores for drinks, souvenirs, etc). They have 2 theaters for shows, several Starbucks, Stripper bar, Blondies, seafood places, Italian places, etc. We  had a resort room and it was gorgeous with a view of the Paris pool and Bellagio fountains. The bathroom was huge with a nice soaking tub. Big, super comfy bed and nice flat screen tv. We also had a fridge that helped with all the leftovers. Staff was so helpful and SUPER friendly. Staff was very fast in bringing our bags and helping us with them when we left. DEF DEF recommend!! Plus- you are next door to Paris, Sugar Factory, Gordon Ramsay Steak, etc. Gallery nightclub in PH was a wreck- i'll di a separate review for that. And no matter what happens DO NOT SEE SIN CITY COMEDY. (see sep review). The Spa in PH was awesome as well. (see sep review for Madera spa).
The planet holleywood is in the perfect spot on the strip. You are close to all the more expensive hotels - ceasars, cosmo, bellagio, wynn.... but not paying the price to sleep there! Rooms were good. Service was great. I have stayed at a few other places in this price range, but this is my where I will be staying from now on in the future.
Planet Hollywood, centrally located on the Las Vegas strip, has to be one of my newest favorite hotel now.  Booked the room back in February 2013 for this trip, 25 AUG to 28 AUG, for a mini bachelor party.  I was comped for three nights/four days, and the resort had waived all resort fees and taxes.  I was sure skeptical of staying at the pH b/c I've read so many negative reviews on TripAdvisor, but to my surprise, I was actually impressed with everything.. . Check-In. . After a delayed three hour arrival flight from Los Angeles, the driver picked me up at McCarran, and took me directly to the pH circular drop off area.  The personnel opened up the doors, and led the way to the front desk area.. . Although there was a slight 10 minute wait at check-in, it wasn't too bad at all.  When my turn came up for check-in, the young man took my passport and confirmation number, and since I declined to pay incidental charges, I was lucky not provide any credit card info.  I did confirm with the front desk agent that everything was comped, and since he did a great job at his service, I tipped the guy $20, and I received, not only an upgrade to their resort strip view room, but also a free rollaway bed for three nights (usually $30/night).  When it comes to service, they are right on--they meet my standards . . The Room. . So the access from the lobby to the elevators/room wasn't bad at all.  Took the north tower elevator to the eighteenth floor, and was given to my surprise, a large resort view room.  Although the room didn't have the 180 strip view room, which I wasn't expecting at all, it had a wonderful view of pool plus the Aria/strip view.  The location of the room was just perfect--three doors away from the corner of the elevator area, with very little floor hall noise to hear.. . When you walk into the room, you'll notice a large bathroom with dual vanities (one on each side) with a toilet area that separates by a door, from the bathroom area.  I love this--shower is separated from the tub.  . . The room itself is a bit oddly shaped--the television is set in the middle where the beds aren't directly in front, but on its side.  The two love seats are in front with a large themed table in front, with the two large sized windows.  . . OK, so I see a lot of people being so freaken meticulous about the wear and tear of the furniture.  OK, so there's a little wear-and-tear, but really, when you're in Vegas with a bunch of guys for a bachelor party, you're there to crash and sober up for the next day, with of course showering/cleaning up, and getting a good night's rest.  I didn't really notice those things, and if you all had bad experiences in the past, good for you.. . To me, the beds were ridiculously comfortable--didn't want to wake up in the morning.  The beds are quite large--could it possibly be two kings instead of two queens? I don't know but for whatever reason, they were sure comfortable to me.. . The one thing I noticed was that there was no armoire.  They had a small closet to hang up your jackets, pants, dressy stuff, but not an armoire to store those folded polos and jeans--a little odd.. . Really, you all think the rooms were dark, because to me, they weren't dark at all.  They were actually really bright, and I loved how all the sunlight came thru.  . . Casino. . The casino is actually pretty fun inside.   Although it's quite easy to get lost in it, I like the vibe of the casino--it presents a very young-crowd atmosphere.  My favorite has definitely got to be the Pleasure Pit--really good looking girls dancing with hot and attractive card dealers--don't mind staring at them all day.. . Eateries/Restaurants/Buffets. . Although my friends and I did not dine at the more upscale restaurants on site i.e.: Gordon Ramsey's BurGr, or one of the other fancier restaurants, we did dine at the buffet for the all-you-can-eat King Crab dinner.  The price is fair, at around $35, for all you can eat, but here's a definite suggestion: if you go to the buffet, go before 6PM or after 8:30PM, because we attempted to go the first night we arrived at around 6:30PM, and there was no way we were going to be waiting in line for a half hour.  The food's pretty good--not the best I've had, but definitely not bad at all.  Service was a little lousy, however you can't expect the best these days.  The quality of the food was above average, but not excellent.  For example, I got a plate of pasta, and usually, pasta's pretty good wherever you go--a staple item, however the one bite I took of the linguini wasn't edible, and I just couldn't finish it at all.  The crab legs were very good, and it was a bargain for what we paid.  All in all, buffet passes my test.. . Overall Experience. . Loved the hotel--location/amenities/fun vibe. . Will I stay here again?  Yes. . Overall Grade: A
Now called Elara. . . I love this hotel by far. I been to probably all the other popular hotels on the strip and by far the best place to host a Vegas trip with 10+ people. . . You got to get the two bedroom suites. It's so spacious! Two queen beds, pull out bed, and chairs where you can sleep. It seriously can fit 10+ people comfortably. . . I love the projector they have and the big speaker we use to blast our music. . . Location is money as well. Easy cabbing/limo access and close to every popular club. . . Parking is so close to hotel entrance and is free. . . I don't like how they strict on hotel keys, but they give out unlimited amounts anyways. Before they were not strict, but now it's one hotel key for a group of 4 people. . . I will definitely be back and probably booking this place for Halloween!
Great casino, one of my favorites, staff was okay, dealers were cool, dug the passion pit :)
Not sure why this casino has just average ratings. This hotel/casino used to be Aladdin many years ago. My friends & I usually try to get rooms at PH 'cause they're reasonably priced/affordable. The rooms are nice as well and we love that the casino is catered toward ppl our age (20's). Each room has a different theme, I can't even keep track of the many themes we've been in. I really like thecustomer service at this casino as well! You don't get the shitty service at the lower casinos like Circus Circus. We've been here for celebrations such as anniversary and b-days which they've gladly upgraded our rooms for us for free which is a great plus! I remember one time we came for an anniversary and they put us in a room decorated w/ lingerie haha it was cute.. . The only bad thing about the casino is that if you park in the parking structure, you have to walk through the damn miracle mile shop all the time before you can get into the casino to get your room. I guess it's not so bad 'cause you gotta walk off all that alcohol & food you're gonna have in vegas right? . . This casino pretty much has great food. I haven't tried the spice market buffet yet, but I remember the buffet from when it was Aladdin and it was good. I have heard great stuff about the spice market buffet, but don't get me wrong it's no Wynn. There are plenty of other selections of food as well, my fav is Gordon Ramsay's Burgr and Earl of Sandwich! Lines are always packed at these restaurants, but it goes by fast.. . The rooms are kept very clean, never had any issues w/ bed bugs here. Never had any problems w/ stains on the carpet or sheets either :) Rooms are really big for what you pay and the beds/sheets are comfy. . GUYS: you'll love this casino at night especially at the pleasure pit! Since PH caters toward the younger crowds, the gogo dancing girls and dealers are actually pretty so you get some eye candy while playing unlike other casinos w/ old looking dealers lol. . . Overall PH has a great atmosphere and is dead center in the middle of the strip so it's convenient when walking around!
Enjoyed a staycation here. Service was great. Valet was full but attendant let me park in valet because we were staying the night. Guest checking was quick and helpful.  We paid extra for a view of the bellagio fountains.  The view was spectacular but you could not here the music, which took away from the enjoyment.  Seems easy for planet Hollywood to have a tv channel playing the music of the fountains.  The room was nicely laid out, bed was comfy, bathroom clean.  Had dinner at Burgr, which was outrageously expensive, but worth it.  Don't go without trying the onion rings and the Oreo shake.. . During the night a water pipe burst and we had no water in our room.  We were not able to use the toilets or take a shower.  We spoke with management and they kindly refunded us the price of the room. Fantastic customer service.  My only other complaint is being forced to pay a resort fee for services I don't use. It's like being charged a luggage fee by an airline even though I don't have any luggage.. . Bottom line great hotel and stay!
I'm so not a review writer. I read them always but never write them. But nevertheless I felt the need to write this because of all the negative reviews that were out there about this place. I arrived at the Planet Hollywood early Monday morning about 9am Check in took all of about 3minutes of.course there was no line it was 9am (whos out that early in vegas) the girl that checked us in was very nice . What I didn't know was there is an early check in fee for checking In early . I never found out how much it was because the girl said it was waived because of my total rewards.My whole five day stay was completely comped . That's right I got that room for free. The room had a nice  view could actually see the fountains from the bed. The bathroom was also very nice. It had a huge tub and separate shower which was kinda small. (Actually had to leave the shower door open to have some space). Not sure when housekeeping came because I was pretty much out of the room all day. But always came back to a clean and fresh smelling room. . . Casino was great !!! With lots of slots to choose from.  They also paid out well too. Shout out to the waitress Candace ( I think that's her name) who came around every 15 minutes and kept my glass full.
I really enjoyed this hotel. I've stayed at several others and this one is pretty nice. The bathrooms are super spacious which is a big must for me when getting ready. A modern feel. It was nice and quiet. Liked that the mile of shops is right there. You have a lot of choices to eat from. You're smack dab in the middle of the strip. The staff are very helpful.
We had a fabulous first time staying at PH in the heart of The Strip! Awesome, convenient location. We scored a great deal via my iPhone app "Hotel Tonight" and had an excellent check-in experience with Marilyn who dialed us in with a room on the 35th floor overlooking the Bellagio, with stunning views of Vegas, and the Bellagio water fountain show from our room. The hotel is very cool and contemporary, clean, beautifully decorated, king bed, 5 piece marble bathroom with a gorgeous tub. Part of the Caesars Entertainment group, we also got the $49.99 24 hour buffet pass valid at 5 hotel buffets including PH, Caesars, Paris, Rio and Harrahs. Free wifi in room a bonus as many hotels charge extra for this but beware it is for one device only! Would definitely recommend and stay here again. The location, standard and style are outstanding value for money.
Planet Hollywood is my favorite hotel that I have stayed at in Las Vegas (for context I have stayed at Treasure Island, Harrah's and Hotel Vdara). If you join their players club they will give you rewards based on your play. My family has received hotel comps including free nights and free buffet! What I like about the Planet Hollywood is the convenient location in the middle of the strip and the proximity of the Miracle Mile right below the hotel. If you need groceries or toiletries you can pop down to the ABC store and there are two located right downstairs! Not to mention a huge variety of stores and restaurants to choose from! I also like Planet Hollywood because each room has a movie theme including movie posters and film memorabilia. The beds are always soft with clean linens and the bathrooms are huge!! If you ask you can get a room with a view of the Bellagio water fountains :). I also have to say that the hotel staff are incredible. One year my mom got sick and they went above and beyond by sending their staff to escort her to the nearest clinic. Every time I come back to the Planet Hollywood I feel perfectly at home.
Okay so here I am sitting in my gorgeous room overlooking the pool and the lights of Aria and Cosmopolitan.  The room is huge!  Two windows I don't sleep very late because I love to just look out my windows. . . It's clean, the bed is very comfortable and can I say that the mirror in the hallway makes me look 20 lbs lighter and 20 years younger!  . . The staff is excellent!  Friendly and accommodating.  And I see...or hear they toned down that loud music in the casino.  Thank goodness last time here my ears were bleeding.  . . I love it here why stay anywhere else?  We went to Aria today and hey, though it's beautiful and smells delicious, the casino is sucky I swear they pipe in crowd noise with the vanilla essence. The casino was empty and I can see why. Hubby put a hundred in a new quarter slot machine, bet his max and the bet was $90!!!!!! I miss the days of the one armed bandit. . . My only complaint is that I wish they had one of those mirrors in the bathroom for applying makeup.  My eyebrows have been crazy all week.  . . I really don't understand the negative reviews at all.  But to each his own I guess.  . . I love it here.. . Good job PH can't wait to come back.
My husband and I stayed here for our wedding anniversary to have fun on the Strip. And that we did! This is a perfect location to be close to lots of things to do. You don't even have to leave the hotel because there are so many shops & restaurants right inside! Rooms were modern, clean, just great!. We would definitely stay again, but hopefully longer next time!
Great place, fabulous rooms, great view of the strip, right one soaking in a huge tub. Here for a company meeting.
