MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN ALL OF PHOENIX.  And I love food!  I have yet to have any dish that wasn't 8 or 9 out of 10.   From simple food (the burger is the best burger I've had in my life, I swear), to brunch (the baked eggs is excellent, as is the mushroom and goat cheese omelet), to dinner or lunch (the chile verde is to die for!).  I read somewhere that the pudding desert ($7) is one of the top 100 dishes in the valley.  It's not huge, but perfect blend of flavors and gelato and just a 10 out of 10 desert.  Honestly, I'd eat here weekly if I wasn't afraid of growing tired of the food.. . Ultra modern decor, clean, free valet, friendly owner/chef, and the most kid-friendly super fancy restaurant I've ever seen.. . Anyway, I'm usually tough on restaurants, but this is my favorite place to eat, and I have a hard time imagining anyone could be disappointed for giving it a try.
Best sticky toffee pudding ever.  But before I jump to dessert may I say that this restaurant is a feast for the eyes as well as for a hungry belly.  The bread and olive oil is a good way to start.  The polenta is delicious, I've had their carrot soup and its just spicy and warm enough with ginger undertones.  I'm not a huge fan of the flat breads but that has more to do with flat breads in general and not a knock on them.  The goat cheese appetizer comes in a crock with tomatoes, pine nuts and olive oil.  I almost always get the salmon on a bed on quinua salad.  And then, back to the sticky toffee pudding.  I dream about this stuff.  Warm, a little bit of chew and a sweet butterscotch/toffee flavor.  . If you come during happy hour, there are often nice nibbles to go around also.  All in all, delicious and pretty.  If the weather is nice I like to sit at the front bar, or on the back patio next to the fire place.
We've eaten at Saint Francis twice in the last two weeks.  Both times the lunch and the service was great but the BEST thing was the dessert.  Their sticky toffee pudding with dates is indescribable!
Oh. St. Francis. You are the wind beneath my wings. You truly are king of the world. You complete me.  And yes, yes, indeed you had me at hello. Kitty. Sorry. Couldn't resist. . Ate here last night with my folks and my visiting bro and his beau. Everything was absolutely outstanding. With a shout out to our server and I'm completely bummed I don't remember  her name. Though I'm happy to report my dad made a point to tell the manager how fabulous she was.. . Flatbread. Roasted chicken. Roasted veggies with goat cheese. Pork chop. Ribeye. And the famous green chile pork stew.. . I love you more than my luggage. Drink your juice Shelby. Hit her Weezer! Hit her. . . Go. To. St. Francis.
this time we shared a craft of house wine, like it a lot,  and the goat cheese appetizer, liked that a lot too. The boy had the pork chop and it was melt in you mouth tender, about and inch and a half thick, and absolutely wonderful. I had the seafood cioppino, loved it. Ive seen some complaints about the soggy bread, but I loved it. I left it for the very last so it could soak up all the amazing broth, it was still slightly crispy on the edges, but gooey from the cheese and broth in the middle, it was the perfect end to a really great meal.  Service was good too.
Should deserve six stars.  Amazing food, great service, reasonable pricing, good happy hour, and fantastic design to boot.  Can't wait to go back.
In the year I promised to be tougher, I am so happy I finally made this visit.  This is only a BRUNCH REVIEW.  I have not tried anything else.   When I pulled up the valet was even cool looking.  We sat on the patio and walked in to a very cool jazz band making our Sunday feel like a scene from Sex in the City.  So we started with two cocktails a bloody mary and a cucumber cooler (I think), both perfect. The menu is very gourmet but everyone could find something they like and KIDS EAT FREE!  We started with a tri-color cauliflower soup excellent.  Then my course was a fennel gravy with turkey sausage on biscuits then on the tippty-top two friend eggs, for dessert a cinnamon roll the size of your head.  The service was fair could have been a bit faster, but she was genuinely very nice.  At points the clientele did look like they just came out of Sex in the City episode... when that was cool.  The price is very fair for the quality.
After hearing lots of positive reviews, I finally had the opportunity to savour the Sunday brunch at St Francis. . . The food is fresh and rich. The Baker's board was a great start and showed the range and sensible attention to basic details offered by the kitchen. . . The St Francis Bloody Mary, apparently voted best of Phoenix, was carefully crafted from at least eight different ingredients. While I enjoyed the veggie base, the flavor profile is distinctly citric. Unfortunately, I am more of a fan of salt and pepper, so next time I am going to have to pass on what otherwise was a great cocktail. . . The Cucumber Cooler was refreshing and tasty. Anything with Hendricks does a body good.. . I highly recommend the fried egg sandwich. Bacon + spice + mozzarella + red peppers = yum. . . The wood-oven baked eggs was the wow offering on the menu. Baked eggs and braised beef plus broccolini and tomatoes with bread is a rich and filling plate with a taste you'll want to visit again soon. . . On a busy day, a couple may be able to get away with finding a great seat at the bar. However, if you're you're coming in a group, it might be worth calling ahead.
I went to St. Francis last night with two friends and was completely blown away.  The drinks were amazing (I had the peartini - literally tasted like I bit into a pear, my friends had the almond margarita - almost as delicious).  . . We opted to skip the appetizers since we all have sweet tooths.  I had the pot roast which was such a (great) departure from my mother's version.  The beef fell apart with the fork and had a fantastic flavor to it.  A little on the sweet side but not overpowering at all.  The veggies and polenta were great sides to this dish.  My friends had the hanger steak which was cooked perfectly and the french onion burger where the cheese just made the burger oh-so-good.  All three of us finished our entire plates even though we swore we were taking to-go boxes.  The portions were just right.. . For dessert we could not decide which sounded the best so we went with all three!  Clearly we should have worn our stretch waist pants.  The bananas foster was not your usual syrupy goop, it was baked in a skillet and had more of a bread pudding texture than just banana mush (I usually am not a fan of the dessert but this was delicious).  The St. Francis Turtle was a round-wonder of a brownie.  The edges were covered in nuts, the chocolate fudge and caramel mousse on top were to die for.  Saving the best for last, the sticky toffee pudding.  I can only say it was like having a taste of heaven in every bite.  . . I would definitely go back... and have all three desserts again.
I want to live here. Wait, what?  You're probably thinking I want to live here because of the food, yes that's partially true, but I absolutely love the space.  It's exposed brick walls, lofted dining area, glass garage door and cozy patio...it's what I envision my future residence to be.  Similar to the decor, the menu boasts a variety of comfort food with a modern twist.  Pot roast with bok choy and polenta?  Heck yes, why didn't anyone think of that sooner?  The portions are generous and I've always gone home wtih a box of left overs.  Let's talk liquor.  They have a great beer selection but if you are a fan of sangria, you MUST try theirs.  It tastes as if the citris has been marinating in there for days, which is just the way I like it.  . I took my foodie friend from the the big apple here for a celebratory dinner and he absolutely loved it (I know this because his plate was spotless by the end of our dinner).  If it's good enough for a new yorker, you KNOW it's good.. Brunch here was just as wonderful.  The blood marys were strong and the entrees were hearty enough to cure our hangovers.  Again, the portions were large portions yet packed with flavor.  I recommend the baked eggs and their cauliflower soup which was incredibly creamy and not gritty like you'd find at other places.
I had brunch at St Francis today . From the moment i stepped in , the who restaurant smelled like good food. I had the gravy biscuit topped with a fried egg. The gravy was not the typical heavy gravy, it was made with the perfect bechamel savory sauce with homemade sausage . This seriously the  best biscuits and gravy  I have ever had. I also had a yummy fresh Bloody Mary. If I had my i-pad with me I would have hung out until dinner.  I highly recommend it , I will for sure be back to try lunch and dinner, several times.
I could kick myself for not trying this place sooner. It's by far one of the best restaurants in town. . . The pork chop cooked in the wood-fired oven with spice braised cabbage and caramel apple is one of the best dishes I have had in Phoenix in a long time. I was officially over flatbreads until I tried the oven-baked roasted chicken flatbread with caramelized onion and fennel here. . . Service was off the charts, too. I ate there last night, had the leftovers for lunch (even better the next day; I was amazed) and I'm dying to go back. That hardly ever happens to me.
I finally had an opportunity to visit this place... Knowing the relationship with the LGO prior to visit, I already had some understanding and expectations from this restaurant.. Great atmosphere and design; we had a chance to sit upstairs which was unique.  . I tried the prime hanger steak, medium-rare and sweet corn polenta on the side.  The polenta is absolutely amazing; consistency of grits and the mixture of butter and cheese flavors are perfectly balanced.. (..and yes, it was that good) and steak was cooked to satisfaction, no complaints.. Service has some room for improvement, not enough to loose a star though.. Tried this place once more and they did not let me down.... The basil lime Caipirinha, is mind blowing... a MUST. I wish they were open late on the weekends...
Nice waiters. Great food. You really due pay for the atmosphere and the ambiance, in my view..its worth it.  I dont see to many places with the feel this place has. I just was on my way from Portland and was lead to this place unknowingly..and it was just what I needed.. . Waiters are nice.. One of the bartenders... kind of an "one uper," ...but over all nice people to talk to. . . Soon to be a duke.
This place is EXACTLY what we were looking for.  Great ambiance, friendly service, and delicious food!!  We shared the baked goat cheese appetizer, which was soooo decadent.  My husband had the cioppino stew and said it had incredible flavor.  I had the forbidden (but not tonight) rice, a really exotic and fresh dish.  (Lots of vegetarian options here.)  We usually skip dessert, but since we were having such a great time we splurged for the turtle of amazingness.  . Loved it, and we'll definitely be back, hopefully during happy hour to try out some of the specialty drinks that seemed a little spendy at full price ($9).
O Holy Pork Chili Verde, . your flavors are so grand.. Your spicy kick . and sweet cornbread . make me a huge fan.. . Long lay St. Francis,. You're warm and friendly and hip.. Your modern flair. and down-home style. is really hard to compare.. . A thrill of hope. for each new visit.. St. Francis you inspire. and your food I really admire.. . I fall... on my knees!. With taste buds exalting!. For the French Onion Burger,. the seasonal soup. and a taste of things to come.. . O, St. Francis! . O, Holy Pork Chili Verde!. O, you're so divine!
I've been here twice for dates and had a great meal, with great service each time, along with great company. The first time here i had the green chile pork, it was a bit spicy, very flavorful and the pork was tender. The cornbrread along side was great too. it was also he perfect portion size. The second time i had a burger and it was SO delicious. I usually would order something that i can't make myself but im glad i ordered it! The ketchup which is made in house (i think) alongside was also really good and had a slight kick to it.
Eating here has somehow made me feel like a better, more interesting person.
The food was amazing! Had the chicken flatbread and pudding with icecream. Excellent service. I loved this place!!!
I just love it. . . The music blew my mind. Why? because the National was playing while eating a quinoa salad in a perfectly lit room while my friends laughed over their local beers. . . Could be one of the best places I've ever been on a date or with friends. . . The bartenders and servers are all great. The food is divine (and yes i just said that). . . It's worth every dime. Even the tip to the complimentary valets.
After a day of sight seeing in the Flagstaff area, my daughter and I stopped in for dinner on way back to the East Valley. We were pleasantly surprised to find this restaurant with the help of YELP. Both of us had the meatballs they were excellent and really hit the spot. The perfect comfort food for weary hungry travelers. The staff was very nice, service was great and their deserts are to die for.
I have been here a few times and feel it is time to write a review. This place gets 5 stars no question. From the decor to the food to the service this place is great. I have yet to order anything that is even just ok. Everything has been wonderful.. . To start, be sure to get the bread. Yes, they charge you $2 for it but they serve a warm loaf of bread with high quality extra virgin olive oil. Also, be sure to get the quinoa salad, which is one of my favorites.. . For an entree, everything we have ordered has been great. I have tried the green chile pork and the pot roast. Both of these dishes were amazing. As for my wonderful girlfriend, she always sticks to the salmon which has been good perfectly evertime and is always fresh. When her parents were here with us the got the special which was a fettucini carbonara, and one of the best around. If they have this on the menu, order it. The burgers and flat breads looked really good too, so I will have to order one next time.. . The drink menu is extensive and they have a good beer list. Also, be sure to save room for dessert as the bananas foster is great.
I love everything about this place! The salmon is my go-to dish
Love the low lighting, the decor, the ambiance, the people, the staff, the location, and best of all, the food.. . Was not hungry when I got here so just ordered a couple of starters, the fingerling potatoes and the mushrooms, and damn! A massive pile of wonderfully tasty spuds is piled up in front of me. I demolish them and the mushrooms. Couldn't help myself.. . It was a Friday night and restaurant was busy so we decided to take a seat at the bar. Good move. Comfortable, access to extremely friendly staff, and plenty of people watching. Oh, and the prices were modest too.. . Fantastic gem! Check it out!
My husband and I are fans of St. Francis.  We start with the Goat Cheese appetizer... with little crostini's... very good!  Then, we settle in to the Pork Chile Verde.  There is nothing that tastes this good... we crave this dish!  If you come during happy hour, you can get the Goat Cheese appetizer for $5, then Pork Chile Verde dish for $8 and share a house white wine carafe for $12...  fantastic bargain and you'll leave happy.  . . The staff are friendly and attentive, it's a favorite early dinner spot for us.  Thanks St. Francis!. . PS:  If you have the kids with you, they eat free.  Our 9 year old is a huge fan of the kids pork roast.
One of my favorite downtown restaurants.  It seems many people feel this way ...consequentially the weekend nights can be pretty slammed... expect to wait a good half hour.  But its well worth it and besides you can get the evening started out right with a glass of wine from the bar.  . . I love the intimate yet sleek atmosphere.  There is exposed brick walls and beams on the ceiling, vintage yet modern interior... great lighting and little candles everywhere.  The exterior is just as inviting! . . We opted for the chicken flatbread and pork chile verde...both of which were really excellent and fairly inexpensive for the quality and vibe of the restaurant.  I think this is one of my favorite things about St. Francis... you feel like you should be paying more than $10-15 for a meal... but then the bill comes and you are pleasantly surprised!  . . So guys.... remember St. Francis when you are choosing a date locale... its super cute, looks to be on the fancier side, but won't break the bank!
We have been to St. Francis quite a few times and each time I am pleasantly surprised. The service is always outstanding and the food is fresh and contemporary with a solid touch of home. The Pork Chili Verde is a perfect example of this with its' fire and comfort in every spoonful. . . This visit we were surprised to find some new menu items and we were not disappointed. If you haven't been here in a while, check out the new meatball entree (Moroccan spice, tomato sauce, hen egg and olive oil toast) and if you thought the chili was good, this will rock your world!
We had Sunday brunch here and it was by far the best meal I've had in awhile. I ordered the eggs benedict with the smoked salmon. It was rich, and creamy and perfect. My husband had the Sunday brunch burger and he said it was one of the best burgers he's ever had. I wish I lived in Phoenix because I'd be here every Sunday. The only stumble was that the live music during brunch was a tad too loud.
St. Francis is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix for the following reasons:. . - It is trendy and chic with a cool indoor/outdoor bar and an upper mezzanine seating level. - It is neither in a strip mall nor is it part of a fancy, sprawling resort - very rare for Phoenix. - There are both moderately priced ($11-12) and more expensive ($20-25) entrees, so you can please everyone in your party. - Cocktails are inventive and tasty (try the almond margarita). - I've tasted at least half of the menu, and all of the items have been good to great (personal favorites include the salmon and the meatballs). . Word to the wise: if you don't want to wait, avoid prime dinner hour on Fridays and Saturdays and brunch on Sunday - it can get pretty crowded!
I haven't been to St. Francis in a while now, but I was just thinking about how much I am craving it, and decided I needed to show it some love until I can make it back.. . I've been to St. Francis three times, in three different contexts. The first time was during happy hour for a little girl time. We shared the goat cheese appetizer, which was DELIGHTFUL. None of us could get enough of it. The server brought us more bread so we could shovel more of it into our maws. One of my companions selected a glass of wine from their impressive menu, and I had the St. Francis Lemonade, which wasn't special, but I was hyperventilating too much over the goat cheese to care. As a special note, we were on the patio, as we had some business to discuss, and were the only ones out there, but our server was still attentive and we never wanted for a thing.. . The second time, I went with my boyfriend later, after the dinner rush on a weekend. It was my boyfriend's first time and my first time having an entree. I can't remember what I had, but I know it had brussel sprouts in it and they were perfect. This time I went for the almond margarita - and then another one. The boyfriend was also impressed. We ate in the dining room and this time I had the opportunity to fall in love with the interior. On the exterior, St. Francis is one of those places you drive by and think, "Wow, I think everyone there is having fun. I want to go to there." And then when you're inside, it only gets better. It's modern and open and you feel about 10 times cooler just for sitting there. Also, I had a Catcher in the Rye shirt on, and the server complimented it. So, that's a huge win, to me. . . The last time I went, I went with my parents, during the dinner rush. We sat at the bar until our table was ready. The bartender was great and got us refills as soon as the ice was visible over the drink line. I would say the bar is one of the main attractions to St. Francis. It's at the front of the restaurant and it halfway open to the outside. Once we were seated, we were amazed that as for as crowded as the restaurant was, we could still hear each other. My parents liked the atmosphere, but as an older couple from the midwest, were not too satisfied with the menu. My dad did enjoy his pot roast, but I think he wished for more comfort food. He also loved his dark and stormy, and in fact had more rounds than I had ever witnessed him consume at one dinner.. . Yelp says that this place is not good for kids, which to me, is a selling point. When I'm out to dinner, I don't want to hear kids screaming or carrying on. And in fact, I don't think I've ever seen a kid there. However, there is a kid's menu and apparently kids eat free, so if you are planning a night out, be aware that you run the risk. The sound-level is fine, but I don't think I 'd want to share that space with someone pitching a hissy.. . People have described this as a hipster place, but honestly, I have seen more young couples and young professionals than anything else.  I would say it appeals to the "young and cool" crowd, not necessarily the "young and cool before cool was cool" crowd. . . In short, great place for a date at probably any time of day, good happy hour, and fantastic drinks as a whole. Go here and you will increase your cool points.
I will absolutely return - I had been meaning to check out St. Francis for a while now. The server was very helpful in navigating and suggesting items on the menu and the wine list. The goat cheese appetizer was lovely... main meal was delightful and the local dessert was heaven. The noise in the busy restaurant wasn't too loud, so I was able to carry on a conversation with my date. Just like I mentioned in my opening - I will absolutely return, what a great find on Camelback!
I had a great time here. My first visit was at luch as a co-worker recommended it to me. I was a little lost coming in the entrence but once I found my way in I was impressed right off the bat. I find the enviornment relaxed causal and fresh. My waiter imformed me of the sesonal menu they offer and welcomed me to take a look around. I ordered a wood fired pizza with chicken and arugula, delicous!  I was impressed with the local artwork and the mural they have upstairs. I cant wait to come back at night to intesify the experience.
Met a friend for lunch here today (Thursday).  It was my first time here but she'd been there for brunch many times and was missing it..   . I had the chicken salad sandwich which was really fantastic.  I am usually a little apprehensive to try a chicken salad at a place that I'm not familiar with but it just sounded so good: zatar spice, currants, pine nuts, arugula, tomato, and lemon vinaigrette.  The bread was fabulous and it was really good sized.  It was served slightly warmed and that made it even better.  It was just yummy.  It came with a choice of sides and I chose the fries.  I loves me some fresh cut fries!  These were awesome!  . . Now, the entree was a $12 menu item but I didn't mind since the portion was quite large (I took half with me) and the fries were abundant enough to share and it was just that good.  The whole meal really could have been shared between the two of us.. . My friend ordered the corn flatbread (tomato, goat cheese and walnut pesto) and this was fabulous as well.  The bread was very nice but the center did get a little soft making it a little difficult to eat with one hand (but not impossible).  My friend actually managed quite well while holding her 4  1/2 month old baby in her lap.. . The service was wonderful; everyone was quite friendly and attentive and made sure that our needs were being met.  We did not have to ask for a thing.  . . The parking was limited, but they did provide complimentary valet (minus the tip of course).. . I'm glad that I finally got to try St Francis as I'd moved from central Phoenix just when it opened.  This place is just another incentive to move back.  :D
So the place is full of hipsters dressed better than you...the food is worth it. Everything tasted fresh and balanced...nothing too salty, bland or over sauced. We had the salmon and skirt steak...both were divine. Make sure you try an almond margarita!
amazing.  service was perfect.  try the green chili stew!
Best service and staff.  Our waiter was very attentive and ended up giving us a free desert.  The food is great and priced well.  Will be coming back.
How have I not reviewed St. Francis yet?  I was just coming on to do an update - and see I never got around to it the first time?  I must be losing it!. I've been here many times since they opened.  From happy hours alone at the bar chatting with Boots to dinners with family and/or friends - and finally, today, for brunch.. . Every visit, every time, like clockwork - the service is great and the food exceeds expectations.  And on the visits I drink, the cocktails are consistently top notch.. . Yes, I adore the feel of the room and the architecture. Yes, I've made my way happily across the menu and back. My consistently favorite thing about St. Francis - the most brilliant thing I can think of they've done - the kids' menu.  More to the point - the price of the items on the kids' menu.  FREE!. . Sure - it's a bit ironic that I am so impressed with this - as I don't have children, and I don't appreciate dining in a room with most children.  But - maybe it's the atmosphere, maybe it's the non Denny's/IHOP/Village Inn feel of the menu - but the trash parents who don't raise the sort of child who should be in a decent restaurant just don't show up here anyway.  Every one of the children I've seen here has been well behaved and at appropriate volumes.  . . What the free kid's menu has done is keep St. Francis on the top of my list whenever I want to have a meal out with my child-rearing friends.  Which is how I ended up having an amazing brunch there this morning.  I know it's done the same for other people I know in the area who frequent the restaurant.  It's an abso-fuckin-lutely brilliant PR move!. . So, yes - 5 stars.  One each for Food, Drink, Service, Architecture and Free Kids Meals!
I love that they are kid friendly and that chef Aaron came by to ask how everything was. Delicious food.
Sunday brunch with live jazz and drinks are the best in Phoenix! Love the bakers boards, fingerling potatoes, and an order of the fritatta, egg whites only no cheese extra veggies. The space is amazing; so is the food and drink. You need to try out their Sunday brunch! ;)
Love this place! My favorite cocktails in the valley. Recently had an issue where a server accidentally charged my card twice. I sent an email from the restaurant web site, thinking I'd never receive a response and mentally writing off the loss. Instead I was pleasantly surprised with a quick reply and an offer to correct the error by crediting my account. Great food, great cocktails, great service, and great management. Can't ask for more than that!
Okay so I'm a little late to the game here. But in this case, better late than never because St. Francis was awesome!. . The boyfriend and I headed to St. Francis for breakfast/brunch on Sunday. We thought if we went later we'd miss the crowd. We were wrong. We got there close to 11AM and were told it would be a 45 minute wait. We ended up waiting only about 20 or so because we were willing to sit outside.. . We decided to split a couple things so we ordered the eggs benedict with salmon and the baked pancake. The eggs benedict was delicious. I highly recommend the salmon. It wasn't overly fishy, it was a great combination with the eggs and hollandaise sauce. I was a little bummed that it didn't come with anything - no potatoes or fruit - would have been nice.. . The pancake was SO rich. A good thing to share. It's like a pancake/cupcake/bread thing more than a straight up pancake. They fill it with chocolate and top it with berries and cream. Could have used a little more cream on top but overall it was really, really good. Don't let the olive oil weird you out - it works.. . We were very happy with our food and the atmosphere. There was a live band with added a nice touch to the morning dining. I would definitely go back for breakfast and would love to try their dinner sometime.
I haven't reviewed St.F?  What is this world.. . This is literally as good as it gets.  The food is fantastic.  The drinks are well prepared.  Ingredients across the board are tasteful, fresh and seasonal.  I've never had a bad meal here.  Service, maybe a 4/5, but everything else is prime - I'm not going to knock them a star.  Prices are very reasonable (see: right where they should be - not high nor low).  The building that was brought in to be St. Francis is great.  The architecture is really something.. . A recent trip had me questioning how be the plates were.  I thought I recalled the servings to be small (note: they're not!).  Sitting outside in spring or winter is the bee's pajamas, under the grape vines and neat ambiance.  I don't know why I don't frequent the place more - it deserves it.. . Lunch or brunch, on the patio, with a gin and tonic here is hard to beat.  Their sandwiches: yummmmmm.
I just ate here for the first time and I am now hooked. This was honestly the best meal I've had out in long time. I had the roasted chicken, which was absolutely delicious, and my husband had the hanger steak, which he loved as well. We also split the romaine heart salad and the cheesecake in a jar - yum! The ingredients were fresh and put together to create tasty, comforting food. Both the portions and the prices were perfect - you will leave feeling content, not overly stuffed. The atmosphere is great and the servers are really friendly. I will definitely be back, hopefully sooner than later....
Six stars... I had a great experience at this unique restaurant which has great food, great service and a great atmosphere.  . . I had the hanger steak which was awesome and the price wasn't bad.  I'll be back...
We came around 3pm on a Sunday and they were in between brunch and dinner menu so we could only order off the happy hour menu which has plenty of selections.The forbidden rice is Amazing! The pork green chile is really tasty, a little spicy and served with delicious cornbread.
There are so many good things for me to say about this place that I have no idea where to begin.. . The ambiance is so amazing no matter what time of day you go. The small, intimate bar area (with quite a few pretty men!) is lovely on a sunny day out, while the tables inside are the perfect place for a romantic date. The menu is so great, carrying lots of new age food items (quinoa, black forbidden rice bowl, kale,and lots of dishes carrying local food items). It does make me very sad that they do not have a lot of vegetarian/vegan menu items. One time I tried to order the wood-fired vegetables and the waiter *swore* it was vegan. As soon as I tasted it I knew it had butter on it, and the waiter subsequently learned he had no idea what "vegan" meant. We ended up having to call a manager over.. . The cocktail menu is so interesting it's hard to decide what to get. My favorite is the Dark and Stormy, which has ginger beer. *the BEST* cocktail around IMO. Do not pass up dessert. The bananas foster is amazing! Not traditional but good in and of its own.
Words cannot express how awesome this place is.  The happy hour prices are phenomenal!!!! Food is fresh and the servers are extremely knowledgeable about the menu!!!!. Always good food and good service!!!!
Was here for dinner this past saturday night. It was great!. This is now quickly becoming my favorite local restaurant. The meatballs are amazing, but more so the flat breads are incredible espically the fig one.. Highly recommend, great atmosphere and service. Now that the weather has cooled the outdoor space offers a new diamention.....cant wait to return.
My husband and I tried St Francis for the first time yesterday afternoon.  We happened to get there during their happy hour menu - which is about half off of everything on the limited "happy hour" menu.. . The ambiance was drew me in right away.  I love the brick walls and vine covered veranda.  I am a sucker for any Phoenix building that takes the time to create charm - major points for me - I tend to think Phx has a tendency to take the easy "bland" route when it comes to decorating most of the time. Not so here.. . We started with the baked goat cheese which was fantastic.  We both had wine, also half off any glass.  I ordered the chicken salad sandwich which was by far the best chicken salad I've ever had.  I love that they created a nice twist by not smothering it in mayonnaise.  It was healthy and most importantly - delicious.  As a side I got the fingerling potatoes - good with a nice crust outside and sprinkled with Parmesan.  . . Husband ordered the burger and fries which was to die for.  The burger was juicy with bacon and an awesome buttermilk fried onion on top, Gruyere cheese, caramelized onion and brioche bun = amazing.  The fries were to die for.  We were planning on trying desert but were too full this time.. . We will definitely be back - pleasantly surprised and happy to have found another gem in Phoenix!!
Oh St. Francis How I Love Thee. Let me count the ways. Is it your beauty?. Is it your charms?. Is it your fine, fine cuisine?. Nay!. It is all!
My Haiku Review --. . Roll right in for the. Cinnamon heaven. The flat. Bread was to die for.. . Great Eggs Benedict.. Enjoy Wood Oven Baked Eggs.. Culinary POW!
Now I have had brunch, lunch, and dinner here. It is perfect and I love it. I think all their soups are amazing. Eventually, I will get to dessert may need to start there next time.
New to Phoenix and my first time to St. Francis .  And was it great!  It's got the bistro vibe.  White tablecloths covered in paper (that's OK) and the place was busy, busy, busy.  We sat upstairs but next time I want to be where the action is (downstairs even though it was loud down there).  Our waiter was fab; did I mention he looked like Louie C.K.? The wine was a big pour, and the food, oh the food!  We all had the french onion burgers and they were so darn good.  But the best part was the side of polenta.  it was the best polenta I have ever had (creamy and out of this world).  Everyone was too full for dessert.  We had reservations and even got a call that afternoon from the restaurant confirming (that was a nice touch).  What would I ask the St. Francis to improve?  Their menu is in really small print and hard to read if you "forgot your reading glasses".  Thanks for a nice evening St. Francis.  See you next time.
It's a must. Food was delicious, fresh and prices were very reasonable!! Highly recommend going here!!! We had the baked cheese, the salad with Bacon and apples, and both were beyond amazing. For entrees, I had the mahi mahi over couscous and my boyfriend had the pot roast over sweet corn polenta. He said it was the best pot roast he has had. Veggies were fresh and again delicious.
Just had another Sunday breakfast.  Now have live music....fantastic!. Had the awesome cinnamon roll again (split between 3-4 people!)  and one of the egg omelets.  Super yummy and great coffee of course.. Thanks,. jon
Love! Love! Love! This place! My boyfriend and I go here very often! It's again a great first date and for many dates to come! . . I'm gonna keep this short:. . For drinks get a Melboc or Cucumber Cooler. . For breakfast get the baked eggs or eggs Benedict . . Lunch/dinner the salmon,meatballs or chicken. . It's great! Have fun!
Love this place
I have only been here once and cant wait to return. The decor is industrial/modern. The crowd here is eclectic. We started with the goat cheese appetizer. It was tangy, smidge sweet and acidic from the tomatos...absolutely delish. I ordered an almond margarita out of curiosity...you must try! It is hard to describe...but it totally works. We had the hanger steak and salmon. Hanger steak was sooo flavorful, tender...exactly what i wanted. The salmon is spectacular! I cant wait to return and try everything else! It all looked good.
I love this place! I've been here twice for lunch and once for dinner and have yet to be disappointed.. . The last time I went here, I got the fried egg sandwich for lunch - it was very good. A bit messy though - I had to eat it with a fork and knife. The fries are great too. I've also had the flatbread before, which I enjoyed. And I ordered the salmon when I was here for dinner which was quite good.. . It's the perfect place for lunching on the patio with a glass of wine. I haven't tried their brunch yet, but I hear it's amazing. Hopefully I'll be back soon for that.
This has been my best eggs Benedict experience in Phoenix. After having a 20 minute conversation with my brother about how badly people destroy hollandaise sauce,  Surprise surprise!  Their sauce was the perfect consistency. Eggs were cooked perfectly.  Presentation with the fingerling potatoes was beautiful.  . . This is as good as it gets.
I have been to St. Francis about 5 times now and every time I am completely satisfied with everything from the ambiance, to the service, to the amazing food.  I want to touch on just one menu item, the Eggs Benedict.  I haven't been able to eat said food for about 5 years now after a horrible food poisoning experience in Mexico brought on by bad hollandaise.  It is my fiance's favorite breakfast food and every time he orders it I try it and every time I can barely choke it down.  Not the case here!  I tried it, I loved it, I wish I ordered it myself!  I ate not only a bite or two of his, but our dining companion as well.  Just thinking about it right now makes my mouth water.  In a good way.
This may be as good as it gets in Phoenix.  St. Francis has struck the perfect balance between classy and casual with good eats that are local, and a great happy hour for the less well off.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeabale.  The food is good.  I mean just that, its not amazing or something that will make the food network per say, but it is good everytime.  The food is fresh, locally sourced, and cooked and seasoned well.  This is the type of place you go to when you want a sure thing.
Baby Sis: We're going to St. Francis.. Me: It's Friday night. Church?. Baby Sis: No (stupid, implied). St. Francis Restaurant.. Me: Oooh! Okay!. . Since the little sister is paying for dinner, I'm not complaining. =). . It was closer to 8pm by the time we made out to St. Francis. My sister called ahead for reservations. Despite there being no line out front, it was pretty packed.. . The ambiance is intimate, a great place for a first date. But, I'd suggest sitting away from the entrance, as it could get potentially cold and the tables closest to the door just felt awkward.. . For a starter, we got the fingerling potatoes. I'd order those again. Main meal for me was the roasted chicken. For the sister, the pot roast. Both were great choices. As for dessert? Cheesecake in the jar! Delish!. . I even bought a loaf of bread to take home. They have excellent bread! Crusty outside and a moist, chewy inside. This carb lover was a happy girl!. . As far as first impressions go, St. Francis did great. Looking forward to the next time I'm in Phoenix, to try more items on the menu.
I've been for brunch and I've been for lunch but never for dinner until this past weekend and I'm giving high ratings for consistency and continuous good times. The cinnamon roll is to live for! Share it with a friend or be like me and eat the entire thing yourself- sugar belly!  The cocktails are great too, the bloody mary is savory and comes with all kinds of goodies - can be too spicy for me sometimes but I just pop an antacid and all is good. . . Dinner this past weekend was just as great.  We were a large party but Francis was a saint and our table was ready on time without any delays.  Our server was also timely and most accommodating by not batting an eye at our request for separate checks. He made it seem like a fairly easy process even after we decided to play musical chairs, which would have burned my biscuits if I was in his shoes, for him, not a problem whatsoever.. . I decided on the meatball dish and man were those balls meaty and the Moroccan spiced sauce was delicious. The dish comes with three hefty balls, saucy sauce, pearl pasta and I added the hen egg because it was an option at no cost.  I want to try the pork chop next. A friend suggested I do so.. Every element about this place is great, the architecture, interior decor (rustically romantic), lighting, valet service and patio. All the elements that imo make for a great dinning experience.
This place was great.. . I went on a sundayfor brunch. I thought it was going to be small judging from the outside but it turned out to have a surprisingly big. Really good atmosphere especially upstairs. They had piano music playing and I actually wasn't sure if someone was playing live. I don't think there was.. . Food was delicious. I got the biscuits with gravy. Potatoes were definitely unique and great. Drinks were also very refreshing. Will be back many times in the future
I have been stalking St. Francis for months. . . Let me explain, I drive by every day on the way home from work, and I can't help taking my eyes off the road to check out this ultra-cool restaurant. I began harassing Sean M. to accompany me to taste the menu so that I could stop creeping and start enjoying the food. My persistence paid off, as it usually does, and we made St. Francis our top choice for Sunday brunch this weekend.. . The wait was a little long but the day was beautiful and I wasn't raging around like a hungry monster so I didn't mind. We were seated after about 30 minutes, but you can make reservations to avoid waiting if you prefer.. . We started brunch by splitting a cinnamon roll. It was moist and covered in caramel sauce which was a nice touch to the iced variety that I am used to. It was huge and only cost $5.00. Totally worth it. . . Up next was the salmon eggs benedict. This is one of the best versions of this dish I have ever had. The flavors just work. The english muffin is sourdough with some kind of garlic-y spread underneath salmon, perfectly poached eggs, and hollandaise sauce. Amazing!. . We did not sample the drink menu on this trip. I am of the opinion mimosas and bloody mary's should be between $3-$5 on Sundays (it is the day of rest, after all), so I couldn't do the $9 that the menu was asking for.. . Overall, a wonderful experience! I can't wait to check out the menu for my other favorite meal, happy hour!
Let me say this up front, my wife used to work @ St. Francis so we are fortunate to know the servers and staff, this always makes for a friendly environment.  I have never had any item that I did not enjoy, in fact I have a new appreciation for fresh ingredients after having the pleasure of dining here.. . Chef Aaron can be compared to Picasso with a brush, or even Stephen King with a pen, except he perfects his ideas with kitchen utensils putting his work on plates.  Alex, Korbi and David serve great drinks.  Kayla and Dylan have both served us and are always attentive to their tables.. . Brunch is excellent, I would recommend the Egg Sandwich or Eggs Benedict, and you can't go wrong with any of the baked goods.  Happy hour is fantastic, very good deals.  For lunch I would recommend the French Onion Burger, always cooked to what you order and one of the tastiest burgers I have had in the Valley.  The menu is seasonal so don't be afraid to try something new.  During your wait enjoy the building, the lines are amazing, and there is a mural from local artist Dose on the second floor.. . Thank you St. Francis.
I love this place! Nothing we had was bad! . . I took my boyfriend for his birthday in October. We sat at the bar because the restaurant was full on a Monday night! . The beer selection was nice (needs more IPA) we shared a chorizo flatbread and the French onion burger both were to die for! . I cannot wait to go back when I am in town a definite return date place!
Do you like crusty french bread? Hard crusty shell on the outside with soft, moist chewy crumb on the inside?. . Whenever my wife makes soup, she asks me to bring home a loaf of crusty french bread. This is where I go to get it.. Don't get me wrong, all their food is delicious, especially the veggie lasagna, and some kind of melted goat cheese in spaghetti sauce appy, but I don't have time for that, not tonight. My orders were very specific, "a loaf of crusty french bread.". . When you arrive, there'll be a couple dozen loaves of bread for sale in the front area, across from the hostess station. Grab a loaf, take it home and when you walk through the door, hold it up to your crotch and pretend its your junk. . A hybrid, somewhere between a baguette and a traditional french loaf, you'll look like Ron Jeremy with this thing. . Go ahead.. Wave it around. Maybe even do 'the helicopter' with it, signaling your after-dinner intentions transcending any level of naughty she's even vaguely familiar with. . . Then prepare to eat your soup by yourself after getting a lecture on holding up any and every phallic shaped object to your crotch, as if it was some gigantic dong.. . Keep on dreaming, my friend. . The world needs dreamers like you.. . Note to St. Francis management. Your bread is remarkable, and that little quinoa salad is scrumptious. Nice job!
We made a reservation, and the restaurant had us seated immediately.  Even on a busy Saturday evening, the service was great.  Happy Hour priced wine was good and the food (both the roasted chicken and the whitefish) were fantastic.. Highly recommended.
If you have yet to be to St. Francis Restaurant I'm pretty sure you don't know what life could be like! . This is THE perfect place - perfect place for what you ask? . How about for a birthday or some sort of celebration seated in the nook surrounded by floor to ceiling windows on three sides. . Or a romantic date night to impress your studly or lady friend. . Or a sophisticated spots to take potential clients.. Or a relaxing environment to grab a glass of wine or a few cocktails. . Or even the perfect place to ride your beach cruiser to on a Sunday morning and enjoy a delicious brunch. . Yes this place is the perfect place for all of the above, pretty amazing right?. . Now let me tell you why.. . The space: . I feel like there are many urban type restaurants here in central Phoenix, but this restaurant is one of a few (if any others) that is built in the original old structure. There's a beautiful built in nook that can seat larger parties. Small intimate tables to encourage conversation. Exposed beams of the 2nd level of the restaurant. It's truly a restaurant that creates an open environment by opening a large garage door over the bar to serve the patrons outside and large glass doors that open to the patio with a beautiful wood burning fireplace.. . The food:. I have yet to have something I didn't love. The menu itself isn't huge but for some reason it's still so difficult to pick just one thing. For dinner you can't go wrong with their french union burger, flat breads, or pork chop. But if you want the best thing on the menu go for the hanger steak. It is one of the best steaks I have ever had in my entire life! If you happen to stop by on a weekend for brunch you need to try either the most amazing pancake you will ever put in your mouth or the salmon eggs benedict. Now I was a little skeptical of the salmon eggs benedict at first because regular eggs benedict is not only my favorite breakfast meal - it's my favorite food ever. But for the same price as the regular I thought I'd give it a try and I was not disappointed at all! . . The service:. Overall I have had Fantastic service at St. Francis. The wait staff is usually friendly and interactive. There was one time we had a server who seemed to be overwhelmed and we felt forgotten about, but that was only one time :). . Tips:. If you're going for brunch try to make a reservation! It can get pretty packed. One time I was told an hour and a half wait (but it was really only about 25 minutes luckily...).. If you need a cocktail they have a lemonade that's delicious and dangerous!. Be careful - you'll fall in love with this place.
Peggy and I ate here for the first time last night, and it was excellent.  Meschelle was our guide through the experience and kept me in ice tea which rates an "excellent" in my book anytime because of the attitude and attention that constant top-offs require.  The baked goat cheese was superb, My pork chop over a smooth silk-like puree of celery and potato was luscious, and Peggy's carrot soup and chicken salad sandwich was exceptional.   The atmosphere is urban comfy and the whole feel of the place is very welcoming.  This is a must go to and we will return!  Dr. B
I love this place!  Have taken friends here for brunch for the past several months and every single time, my friends have loved it.  This is a perfect BRUNCH spot!. . I usually get the omelet or the scrambled egg dish and both come with crusty french bread that is just dee-lish.  The meals are plentiful, delicately balanced in flavors and just simply yummy.  Iced coffee is always strong and the mimosa's sing beautifully on a saturday morning!. . The ambience is quite lovely in this restaurant.  Mixture of brick walls with modern undertones.  The restaurant is bright and airy and has a beautiful outside eating area as well.  . . My only complaint is the service.  It never is fast enough, although everybody is always very friendly.  I have learned to ask for the check when I get our meal to ensure that we are not left with empty plates for too long.  I wish they would beef up their service (although yesterday's brunch was a slight bit better in speed).. . All in all, I highly recommend St Francis as a brunching spot!  Enjoy!. . ps - they take reservations - highly recommended.
We were looking for something new and different in Phoenix. We decided to let Yelp help us and we stumbled upon St Francis. We read the reviews and decided to give it a try. WOW!!! The reviews did not do it justice! The service was outstanding, the food was one of the best we had in a long time. The chicken with garlic sauce was beyond anything we ever tried. The BEST!!! Highly recommend... Try something new!
Dim lighting. Fleet Foxes. Beautiful upstairs seating that almost seems secret. Band of Horses. Benches that are less cushy than you anticipate them to be. The Shins. Black board specials, just because they look cool. Beirut. $13 vegetable dishes. . . Intimidated yet? Fight through the angst. Once you take your first bite of food, all the hullabaloo will be well worth it.. . Order the forbidden rice bowl. Tell them to make it vegan (the vegetables are usually cooked in a bit of butter)... after all, you're a pseudo-hipster for the evening, and it's fantastic. If you're depressed by the idea of black rice as your main carbohydrate, the flat breads are taste-gasmic. That crust... the things I'd do for unlimited amounts of that flat bread crust. Top it off with figs and ricotta, and there's no way I'm passing up a square or two... or seven. If you're still not sold on the idea of carb-loading, thesalmon "superfood" is delicious and nutritious, and who's not into a little super(food)iority now and then?. . But on to the main event... the chocolate stout cake + spiced ice cream + espresso ganache was the best chocolate cake I've ever had. It was just so damn... moist. There, I said it. Moist. Moist. Moist. Ew. But really, yum. If caffeine, chocolate and alcohol don't suit your fancy (wimp), the cheesecake in a jar was equally delightful. Cookie crust + strawberry compote + cream + cheesecake. Layered. In a jar. Who thought of that? Someone with adorable thoughts, that's who. . . And let's be honest, you've earned dessert. I mean... you ordered a healthy, vegan entree over the french onion cheeseburger, right? Right. Of course you did.
Wow, we have been here a few other times, but only for dinners and we decided to have our mother's day brunch here.  The food was phenomenal, the services were awesome and the prices were more than reasonable.  The entire staff was extremely friendly to our son and we would classify it as children friendly.  Everything we order tasted great, the ingredients were very fresh, the portion sizes were perfect and we walked away very impressed.  I've always been enamored with the design of the building as they've done a great job then add on a killer brunch.... we will be back often!
I absolutely love this joint. The food is out of this world fresh and delish! Seasonal veggies. Mmmmm goat cheese crustini is soooooooo good. Excellent service. A favorite for sure.
One word for this place, AMAZING, and I think I just found my new favorite restaurant. We arrived early for our reservation as we wanted to have drinks at the bar. We were greeted by the warm, friendly hostess who offered us a seat on the patio until a table opened up. The bartender got our drinks quickly even though the bar was completely full. We sat on the beautiful patio enjoying our drinks until our table was ready. . . Table service was fantastic as well and I ordered the halibut with couscous while my husband ordered the steak. The halibut was huge and cooked perfectly with a fabulous combination of flavors. The steak was very tender and juicy with a flavorful sauce. Also, the prices are very reasonable for what you get as our entrees were $23-$24 and they were pretty much the most expensive menu items. I would normally expect to pay much more for the type of food and level of service received.. . St. Francis has it figured out with impressive customer service, an unbelievable menu, and relaxing ambiance. No wonder this place is packed all the time.
Another great HH gem! . . Daily 3-6pm.. . Half off all glasses of wine! :) Woohooo! AND they have GREAT cocktails with fresh squeezed juices that are only $5. . . I recommend the burger, the pork chili, and the fingerling potatoes. . If the weather permits, sit outside! You'll forget you're in Central Phoenix.
I ate at St. Francis last night with some friends.  We tried five of the appetizers, including some kind of fried potato fingers, a pizza thing with figs and prosciutto, a fresh salad, some green beans, a cucumber and tomato mix... I thought I was in heaven.  The fresh baked bread was great too.  . . Then came the entrees!  I had the roast chicken.  Some got thepork chop, and burger.  Everything was seasoned to perfection.  We also tried several of the desserts.  My favorite was some kind of caramel-date cake.  Sounds funny, but it was really really good. . .  The service was outstanding, attentive, genuine, not overbearing. Atmosphere is wonderful.  Although it's busy, I was never neglected.  I can't wait to go there again.
St Francis is one of my very favorite resturaunts in Phoenix.  Their menu is super interesting and everything I have had is delicious, though I have only had one thing because it is so delicious I get it every time.  I usually get the chicken which has green olives.  Also it has a very kind of swank, trendy feel without the least bit of pretension which makes it very nice.  This is demonstrated by how super kid friendly the place is!  There is even a box of toys that your toddler can play with and one time when we went there the hosts practically babysitted our daughter, playing with her at the toy box.  It is so nice to go to a very grown up kind of resturaunt where they welcome children so throughoughly.
This is a great place for Happy Hour and special times like birthdays, etc. I went here for a birthday and really enjoyed it. We happened to arrive during Happy Hour so our dinner choices were a lot cheaper. We ordered the cheese flat bread and the rice bowl. Both were outstanding. Portions were so big that we had to request containers to take leftovers home and the delicious chocolate cake we chose for dessert came with a candle and was free! Wonderful service, great atmosphere and terrific food...highly recommend St. Francis.
Amazing brunch! Nice open air feel and quick service. The wood oven baked eggs are ridiculously good! Runny egg yoke with seasonal veggies all baked with red wine braised beef... Yes please. The chicken salad sandwich is also delicious. Live jazz has on Sunday morning is supposed to be great as well.
Two Words: HAPPY. HOUR.. . Amazing cocktails are only $5 during Happy Hour - every day from 3-6pm. Arrive on the earlier end of Happy Hour to snag the best table before the crowds arrive. . . I love the atmosphere - trendy and classy, without pomp and circumstance. I have eaten there in jeans and a t-shirt, and also in a dress with heels (okay, I lied...I can't walk in heels..but you get the idea.). The staff is friendly and accommodating to special orders, and the Happy Hour also offers great deals on food. . . The menu is somewhat seasonal with some dishes staying consistent and some new additions every few months. Personally, I do wish they offered a few more vegetarian/vegan options, but it is still a great place for people of all dietary needs! . . Must Try: Fingerling Potatoes.
i love love love this place! I feel like I'm in laguna when I'm there!! awesome Sunday brunch! best spicy bloodys ever! and the eggs Benedict? shut up!!! :)
Ok, as promised I went back. Truth is I've been back several times now, and it just keeps getting better. [Ms Aguilera, would you kindly get out of my head.]. . Most recently I went for happy hour (an excellent plan). Half price on all glasses of wine and their fun cocktails are only$5 each. Bam!. . The Forbidden Rice Bowl lured me into it's blasphemous clutches and I couldn't have been happier. Highly recommended!. . Again, the Cucumber cooler should not be missed, even at full price!
This place was awesome, probably one of my new favorities. When you arrive to the resturant they have complimentary valet parking, which was nice. The hostess sat us immediatly and gave us our menus. When I was ordering I was choosing between the Lemon Chicken and the Forbidden Rice Bowl. I went with the rice bowl and I am so happy I did, it was amazing! The Roasted Salmon looked great as well. I think I will HAVE to go back to this place!
Every time we've been there, we've been blown away in all the best ways. Service, quality, consistency, friendliness, design, flavor...it is just incredible from top to bottom. HUGE recommendation!
Excellent brunch food and great Bloody Marys! They make their own bread onsite, which is to die for! Love it. Hate the valet parking.
Great service and great food. I love the Pork Chop, the meatballs, and the cheese flatbread. I found this place by luck and now i eat there at least once a week. This place is awesome.
St Francis has become a favorite Phoenix restaurant choice.  If I had to pick a last meal, it would be the baked goat cheese appetizer.  Seriously.  I would want the whole thing to myself with a glass of rose.  I have had their kale salad... LOVE, not like this salad.  Last night ,they didn't have kale salad on the menu (seasonal)  so I had the mixed green salad (beets, goat cheese, pistachios) and that was a nice runner up. The croutons in the salad were so good that even a non-crouton fan like myself, was oohing and ahhing.  I also had the pumpkin soup, which was fabulous!  This restaurant is absolutely darling.  I enjoy sitting outside on the patio or inside... both have a different vibe but both are equally charming.  Service has always been outstanding.  I've heard rave reviews about the burger and may one day need to try it to confirm. I wish we had gotten there before Happy Hour concluded yesterday because glasses of wine are half off and we enjoyed some vino!  Great wine list and delicious speciality cocktails!  Excited for my next trip to St Francis, since it's on my go-to list when visiting Phoenix.
Awesome. Bartender let us sample a few wines before we bought a bottle.  Fingerling potato appetizer was great.
Great place for happy hour, food/drinks are great.
Friday at 4:30 p.m. was a lovely happy hour.  October weather made sitting outdoors perfect.  Great service.  Wonderful food and specialty drinks.  Like that they serve, beer, wineand spirits.  Food menu covers all tastes.  Savory and delish.  Had goat cheese - wonderful, house-made bread with salty olive oil - so good!  French onion burger - awesome!  I didn't love the salad dressing as it was sweet to me - maybe the pear made it too sweet.  The rest of the salad was really fresh and tasty.  Def. going back.  Pretty decor.
Mmmm, Very good Food. this is a restaurant to not be messed with! I will return Hungry for Moar~
This place is fantastic. I highly recommend for brunch on weekends, we just were there in sunday they had live jazz music that was supercool. The food and service is awesome, highly recommend..... Cant wait to return.
Terrific food and service. Happy hour from 3-6 is totally worth it for the free children's meals and half price drinks. The french onion burger is delicious!
Absolutely love the encore, food and live jazz. They have the best green Chile pork I have ever had. I live their wood fired food. We also shared the French Bacon burger on fresh bread. The very best bloody Mary's ever. This place just feels right. An absolute must when we are on town.
First time visit on a Friday evening. The happy hour is affordable and delicious. Drinks are imaginative and flavorful. The patio is comfortable and cozy with a fireplace and heaters. We sampled our way through appetizers of Mediterranean style meatballs, veggie flatbread, and goat cheese baked with fresh tomatoes. All were spectacular. Dinner salad was crisp and fresh, and the polenta was creamy good. Hubby had the risotto which was a bit salty to my palate, but appropriately creamy. Our friends had the salmon which was moist and flavorful, and the black rice shrimp bowl which was tangy and tasty. The only bummer was the chocolate cake. The gelato it came with was superb, but the cake was so dry. Sorry. We will definitely be back. Maybe the sticky toffee pudding next time....
I was very impressed with the service and food. St Francis provided a delicious meal and beautiful ambiance that was just right for a group of clients after work.
First heard about about St. Francis on local TV show "Arizona PBS ei8ht". http://www.desertsmokebbq.com/blog/tag/st-francis-restaurant/. and wanted to try it for a new date.  . . Parking is tight, forget the local street possibilities or the strip mall across the street and resign yourself to their valet.  Ms. D was late in arriving but we still got into their Happy Hour -(thank you Yelp'ers, this was a great tip).  I was early and at my asking The Hostess had saved us the one available outdoor seat which I knew she would want, so they accomodate special requests with ease.  We were cheerfully greeted by server Lonnie who was on top of it and got us exactly what we wanted in two flights of food and twin drink orders for a fantastic value in record time before the happy hour clock struck end.  . . I had been before and sought out their Grapefruit 'tinis but they weren't available, so Lonnie recommended the Ruby Reds which we selected and found to be quite good too.  The interior has a wonderful atmosphere, not too loud, pleasantly decorated and be sure to notice the architecture cable ceiled which add a modern tone to the place.  The goat cheese was wonderful, pork verde delicious and Ms. D said her onion burger was fantastic.  Total was just under $45, added 20% tip so it hit the value mark well in the bullseye.. . We were never pushed, politely attended too and had the perfect scenario to focus on our conversation. Wonderful for a first date, casual business meeting or possibly even an anniversary.  I don't hand out Five Stars easily but when I want to impress picky foodie Ms. D and then it all goes well, I pull out the props.  Service, food quality, variety, selection, portions, drinks, and value were all spot on.  This is not the first time I've been to St. Francis and it has been consistent so I'm calling out the rare 5 star award based on dependability and repeated service.  . Thank you
There is nothing I don't like about St. Francis. It makes me feel good all over and is one of the only restaurants I'd actually refer to as sexy. A chic and cozy interior, fantastic music rotation and lovely beverage choices all of which provide for a dark and steamy evening out whether it's with the girls or on a date.. . The food is quite something. As much as I restrain myself at the average eating establishment when it comes to bread, St. Francis is different. To not eat the bread and olive oil is to deny yourself a mouthful of fluffy pleasure only found on the other side of the Atlantic. The flatbreads are scrumptious and don't even get me started on those fingerling potatoes. They crunch to perfection and hardly need the dipping sauces that accompany.. . To be honest, I've never been impressed with the service. But I'm still giving them 5 stars. Their happy hour is one of the best in Phoenix and they have enough going on for them that as long as the mediocre service isn't disrupting my enjoyment of a glass of wine, then we're good.
I had been wanting to come back for a while.  I love this restaurant.  Last night we had a magnificent meal.  I started with the St. Francis Lemonade, a perfect cocktail to start your meal.  There are so many wonderful choices.  They are featuring a special menu for New Years, however you can order from it "a la carte", so we decided to start with the Arizona Citrus Salad.  It was delicious.  I love the combination of dates, goat cheese and orange slices.  I also chose from the special menu the sea scallops.  WOW, they were so sweet and tender.  They were served over a bed of black lentils, so amazing.  The portion was generous, 5 scallops, I am glad I didn't order the side of sweet corn polenta.  I ended up ordering dessert (yes my hubby twisted my arm, NOT).  I had the usual, Sticky Toffee Pudding and my hubby had the Chocolate Stout Cake.  I had a bite of his and it was great.  I cannot guarantee I won't stick to my usual dessert, but it was a closed one.  I wish this restaurant was closer to where I live.  It is such a great place.
Consistent great food & service make this a great place!
This place is so cool! The ambiance is delightful, the staff oh so friendly and the food INCREDIBLE! I had one of the best meals of my life here. The whitefish was flavorful and presentation was gorgeous. Highly recommend this little place and I have. Will definitely be back!
Last night I went there with a friend and had a perfect evening.  It's not often when I'll drive from Cave Creek to central Phoenix but this was really worth it.  I wanted to try something different from our usual places so I searched on Yelp for some good ideas.  St. Francis jumped out at me because that's the name of my patron saint so how could I go wrong there?  I made a reservation for 2 at 6:45 on a Saturday evening, Wow.  We arrived 5 minutes early so we had an actual wait of about 10 or 12 minutes before we were taken to the best table in the place overlooking the bar area.  The place was really busy and I had thought we would have a longer wait but thanks for the surprise.  Our waitress, Monique, showed up quickly and took our drink orders which also arrived quickly.  After discussing various items on the menu my date ordered the market vegetable flatbread and I ordered the green chili verde with pork chunks and with a egg on top.  We each also ordered a bowl of scrumptious pumpkin soup for a starter.  The pumpkin soup was as good as I used to get in the British Virgin Islands where it's served everywhere.  My date and I shared a bit of our meals back and forth a little.  The flatbread was fresh and loaded with great vegetables, and in spite of being something I would never order I actually liked it a lot.  The chili verde with pork chunks was incredible, it had a really good flavor with a very gradual heat buildup.  The egg on top turned out to be two of them and they made a nice contrast with the chili.  Our waitress was one of the best I have had anywhere.  Monique came by regularly to see how we were doing but she was never intrusive.  She made great recommendations, showed us great service, and there was no rush or pushiness.  We'll be back to St. Francis and I'll insist on having Monique take care of us again.  Boy, it's a long drive back up to north Cave Creek but the evening was well worth it.
This place by far is mine and my family's favorite restaurant.  The food is delicious which is unique and has a comfort "feel" to it.  I love the atmosphere which is warm and inviting.
Wonderful place, and the best part is the drinks. I'd never had anything like them. The menu is creative, and I was introduced to fingerling potatoes, which YOU NEED TO GET!  Believe me, they'll have you searching the Internet for a recipe that can somehow, perhaps, just maybe, certainly hopefully, come close to matching the wonderment in a plate. And get the pork chili verde. MMMMMM!!!
This restaurant came as a breath of fresh air after my last few disappointing outings as I explore my new town.  The menu offered creative, well-prepared, and beautifully presented fare.  The ambience was excellent.  Our waitress was friendly and our food was served promptly.  . . Highly recommend for a lunch or dinner with a friend, date, or on business.  One of the most pleasant experiences I've had in Phoenix since I moved here last month.
You'd expect this place to be inundated with hipsters, but not too many in sight. The food is spectacular and their HAPPY hour is crazy good. 3-6 daily including weekends. The service was par, the drinks potent, and the atmosphere phenomenal. If you go BEWARE you may love it.
Been here twice, once for dinner and once for Sunday brunch , both times I loved it, had the salmon over egg baked in the oven, forgot the exact name and it was delicious, their fresh squeezed oj is actually freshly squeezed!!!! Dinner was really good, we went with friends and ordered almost all the different entrees on the menu, everything was very tasty and definitely unique and healthy, love this place, looks very nice too, highly recommend it, oh and their fresh baked bread is to die for !!
My new favorite when visiting Phoenix! Really nice atmosphere, attentive service, great food! The burger is just awesome, the vegetable flatbread is ridiculously delicious, and the cucumber cooler is refreshing as can be.
Dear St. Francis,. . If you were a stripper and 5-stars were dollar bills, I'd be makin' it rain on you right now.. . Thank you for a brunch feast that shall go down in history: consistency, top-notch quality, versatility, and prompt, friendly service, all to the sounds of Radiohead, The Black Keys, and Fleet Foxes.. . My sister and I began by splitting the homemade buttermilk biscuit, which came out on two plates (without us asking), each half-biscuit topped with a sunny side up egg and doused in creamy, delicious, herbed onion gravy. I could've sworn I was somewhere directly below the Mason-Dixon line every time I took a bite. Absolutely nail'd it.. . Next up was the iron skillet pancake - crisp on the outside, thick, warm and fluffy on the inside, studded with dark chocolate, topped with spiced apples, creme fraiche, and a light drizzle of maple syrup. Either this is a pancake, or those things I've been calling pancakes my whole life are pancakes, but not both. Regardless, this is the new standard to which all pancakes shall be held. . . Lastly, I inquired about ordering the smoked salmon flatbread, even though it wasn't on the brunch menu. They made it happily, and we demolished it, happily. St. Francis actually makes the best crust I've ever had, and topped with cheese, lemon, capers, onion, creme fraiche and smoked salmon... it makes a bagel, lox & cream cheese look like an inedible compilation of garbage.. . All in all, each dish was incomparable to the next, but of equal, fantastic quality and taste. Picking a favorite would be damn near impossible, so I think I'll just come back and order blindly off the menu, because St. Francis can do it all, and they do it best.. . *throws a handful of singles in the air*
The drinks are always great, food is tasty and the staff very friendly and happy that you are there. Even the valet guys asked if we had a good time. Right on. Good luck to this attractive new addition to North Central Phoenix! Even met Aaron the owner. Very nice guy.
St. Francis's comin' down across Central Avenue. Upon Happy Hour I'll drink and wish I'm in a parade. Light of a fire grill. Chef cooks with a thrill. Coming at you on the count of 1,2,1,2,3,4! (number of drinks - wink!). . This is St. Francis Restaurant and you better try it out. Succulent Pork Chops that your momma talked about. King of the flatbreads. And I'm here to have a meal. The Chile Verde in my belly in this fine establishment. . It's the patron saint of the appetite. With an angel face and a taste for great serviced foods!. (Lyrics - Green Day - St. Jimmy). . As I said this over and over; I don't know St. Francis, but I love this place.  Maybe that's why he's a saint.  This place rocks!  . . The place itself is a rustic homey feel that has an open kitchen.  Reminds me of spring time in a farm.  It's really relaxed and chill.  There's a nice patio to the East with a fire place and upstairs is another level of dining.  Complimentary valet which is recommended.. . I ordered the Pork Chile Verde which came with a side of corn bread.  This pork was perfectly braised and fell apart perfectly into the chile sauce.  It is pretty spicy so if you can't handle the heat -- well like they said go get yourself a beer! Right!?  My partner ordered the Pork Chops --- she didn't go wrong there.  It was perfectly done; moist in the middle and succulent!  We both shared the Goat Cheese Bites and man it hit the spot.  Nice, warm, and creamy; along with the crunchy crostini -- mmm!. . Service overall was a delight!  Very knowledgeable and their recommendations was spot on making our night one to remember.  St. Francis is a gem and was voting best new restaurant when they first opened back in 2010.  Ever since then their awards and accolades resonate well once you try this place out. - Enjoy!
I am the 5 Star French onion burger & among one of the most elite in my field! LOL. .  The meat that comes on my buns  is thicker in size than your average in and out burger, but not as salty and over powering as your Smash burger.  The meat is fresh, and juicy.  I have bacon and tons of thinly cut and lightly battered onion strings on me.  To top it all off, I have bacon, lots of fresh greens and a white sauce to play with all your senses :)  I am big enough to split with another or sufficient for those with a good appetite.
Fantastic! Dinner and drinks for 2 were a bit pricy, but the service and food was phenominal.
As a chef, I was thoroughly pleased with this restaurant.  The decor, the service, and especially the food.  This was truly a winner!  I especially loved the movies that they had playing on the patio and the open kitchen.  I would strongly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a fun and casual night out with great eats!
Went to St. Francis for lunch about a week ago with my team and we sat out on the patio. What a great experience! It has an absolutely amazing atmosphere and the food couldn't be better. I ordered the pork chile verde and and it came out piping hot simmering in a skillet with a side of cornbread. This is probably one of my favorite dishes there even though everything is amazing. I ordered it with a fried egg on top which I also highly recommend. We will definitely be coming back here very soon.
Delicius food and a friendly and hip environment.  I really enjoyed the building, the staff, the food, and the drinks.  I highly reccomend the blood mary.  It comes garnished with an olive, a gerkin, and a pepperchini.   I had the chicken sandiwch and a salad.  My best friend also had the same.  Her hubby had a french onion  burger that looked really good.  I tasted a fry and it was very good.  The bread was amazing on my chix sandwich and I enjoyed the whole meal.  Defiately want to go back to try other items.
Looks like it's been about a year and a half since I did my St. Francis review. Good timing - as I was asked to suggest dinner ideas for my cousins visiting from New York. And ideas for Sunday brunch with a dear friend and her daughter. So happy we decided to come here! (Yes - two visits in one weekend - score for me!). . For dinner - we arrived close to 6:30, a party of 4 with no reservations. No problem - we were seated in under 20 minutes (we got lucky!) We ordered way too much food - the four of us shared 2 apps, 3 salads and 2 entrees - as well as a few cocktails. It was all SO GOOD! Our server Barry was perfectly on point through the night - my NYC cousins were sufficiently impressed - and St. Francis retains its placement as one of my favorite Valley restaurants. . . Fingerling potatoes, baked goat cheese, romaine hearts, kale ceasar, beets, roasted salmon superfood and the special that night of half a roasted chicken. All prepared and plated beautifully. None of us had room for dessert - so that will be a goal for next time!. . For brunch Sunday - we arrived at 10:15 - I had made reservations and we were seated immediately. Cocktails and coffee for the grownups, mocktail for the daughter. We shared a baker's board and ordered the kid's pancake, smoked salmon flatbread and tomato baked eggs. There was no room for dessert - but with the lemon and pear muffin, carrot cake and cinnamon roll from the baker's board - we didn't really need it.. . Once again - and proving the consistency in service and food from my first review - St. Francis does it right! So happy to have it nearby - and need to keep it on my heavy rotation list!
Love this place!!!! Came for lunch and once for dinner. I am in love. Everything we ate was fantastic. The fingerling potatoes with fried sage and rosemary on top ate to die for! The burger was so buttery and cooked the way I ordered it... Medium/ pink, juicy and delish! The bread... Get a loaf to go $3. The pork green chili is the best I have ever had!!! Flat breads are so yum! . Service was friendly, prompt and menu knowledgable. Love love love the cozy atmosphere, candles and the little accents everywhere... the patio totally is the place for me. Cloth napkins really class it up too. My husband and I are now huge fans and will be coming whenever we are in the area! . Also check out the happy hour 7 days a week 3-6pm! Great prices!
I really like St. Francis. The space is one of my very favorites in Phoenix. They have a nice brunch and an excellent Happy Hour (last Sunday we ordered two entrees, two glasses of wine, and two beers and walked for $38.00), as well as one of the best desserts in town (sticky toffee pudding). And, we always receive impeccable service. Highly recommended! . . Love the little patio, too. :-)
They have an amazing happy hour.  Try the grown up peach iced tea, a baguette, and the rice bowl (with our without chicken).  Love the building they transformed as well!
I love this new restaurant in Phoenix, which is a land that has been overrun by the chains! Therefore, go go go and keep this place open!. . All of the food is good, though I do think their bar is lacking.  They need better vodka!  Get some higher end stuff like Boyd & Blair please!  . . I've been here a few times and have always had a good experience.. . MAKE SURE YOU CHECK OUT THE RESTROOM WITH THE SAFE!! Too cool!!
Bacon and date scone was amazing. The rosemary fingerling potatoes are to die for! One of my fav places!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  It's locally owned by one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet and he is extremely passionate about providing Phoenix with healthy, seasonal and delicious food. . As a vegan, my options are usually limited when eating out, but I have to say that my favorite dish is the Forbidden Rice Bowl. And the beets (under salad & veggies on the menu) are ridiculously good!. I saw somewhere that St. Francis is not "kid-friendly". This is so wrong. They are very kid-friendly.....ages 10 & Under eat FREE. . St. Francis is a gem in Phoenix. They have worked hard to fill the menu with quality items and that means a lot to my family and I.. My vegetarian husband loves the wood-fired pizzas here. LOVES them.. . Go to St. Francis today! So good!
This was our first time at St. Francis and it was sooo good!  We had the French Onion Burger and the Chicken Salad Sandwich, both of which we highly recommend.. The atmosphere is an industrial feel, but welcoming.  When you walk in you immediately notice the wonderful smells coming from the kitchen.
This is a must go to. Glad I saw diner dives and drives
First visit, and there will certainly be more!. My mom and I went for brunch and it was so delish!. First, they had complimentary valet! Thank you for thinking about your tight parking on a Saturday morning. It was nice to not have to fight for a parking spot! . Then, the restaurant design is great. Although there were a lot of tables in a cozy sized restaurant, it still felt open and modern. Since it was such a beautiful day in Phoenix, we decided to sit under the grape vines! (A tropical moment in the desert.). Now onto the food: We started with the unique Cherry Vanilla Coke, it had chunks of cherries at the bottom with an almond syrup or extract and was so sweet! A fun and refreshing treat! . We also shared a small bowl of their fruit salad that was tossed in an agave nectar or honey of some sort! Fresh and local, a perfect start to a bunch! . My mom ordered the Iron Skillet Pancake. OMG! Perfect. Enough said. . I ordered the wood oven baked eggs with braised beef. It was so exciting! The seasonal veggies for me was broccoli, cauliflower, tomatoes and peas. My FAVORITE, how did they know?! The beef was so tender and the whole thing was covered with cheese! The eggs... I asked for them well done, a hard job when it's oven baked without drying out the beef, but it was also perfect?! That took true talent! Amazing! . Hats off to the chefs! . As we were leaving, we noticed the bakery area. That will take a whole other review some day... I'll just say that it looked so beautiful, it looked fake. I'm still not convinced that I was dreaming it all up...
I went here with my girlfriend and we were both super impressed.. The architecture is interesting right off the bat, and the decor is casual but cool, very urban modern.  They have free valet service, which is nice and makes you feel welcome.. . I had the Moroccan Spiced Meatballs, and they were absolutely delicious with sauce, cheese, and little pasta pearls.. She had the Chile Verde Pork, served with a whole roasted green chile on top and side of cornbread.  Flavor country, population: us.. . Cocktails were tasty and well balanced.  My St. Francis Lemonade was amazing and I don't usually go for cocktails. My girl had a Santa Rosa, made with fresh grapefruit, pulp included!  She had another and I took advantage of the smoking hot happy hour price of a $1.50 Four Peaks Hopknot.. . Happy hour pricing put us at $35 for lunch and drinks, which was more than worth it.  I would expect dinner and drinks to be closer to $50 for two people.. . Our server was pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu, although the hostesses were not in uniforms and not easily identified as staff, so it took a little bit at first to get seated.. . The Pig Dip sounds like an amazing sandwich, but we'll save that for next time!. . 5 Stars for delicious seasonal menu, friendly people, and local-first Arizona beers!
We had a lunch of  a tasty romaine salad and we spilt the salmon flatbread.  The food was some of the best we have ever eaten.. . Service was excellent and we were there about an hour.  We didn't have dessert because we were full from the above food.  Parking was easy with an attendant.  . . We sat near the kitchen and we enjoyed listening to the manager keeping things rolling.  He was loud, but he encouraged the chefs and gave compliments.  No negative comments.  . . We plan to make a reservation for breakfast in the near future.
Went for brunch on Mother's Day. Great environment, great service (lots of coffee refills), and very very good food. We ate the eggs Benedict, fried egg sandwich, and the pancake. I'd pass on the sandwich next time. But I couldn't see myself not getting the EB and pancake.
Love this place! The patio is lovely. I had a kale salad with jumbo shrimp and it was fantastic. You MUST try the Coronado if you have a cocktail there!
Went to the St. Francis for dinner with high hopes.  I was not disappointed.  Food was inventive and very memorable.  Beyond the great food was the incredible wait staff.  If you have the opportunity to meet and spend time with Libby (our drinks server), be sure to make it a point.  She, and Ryan (our waiter) made this one of the better dining experiences I have in quite some time.. . Ryan gave us a great recommendation, which was to order a few items and share them all.  We had the opportunity to try a few different things.  The wood fired oven cooking method is wonderful and definitely adds a special quality to the food prepared.  One of my best overall experiences.
I had St. Francis recommended to me several times before I ended up going.  Don't wait, go to St. Francis, it is worth your time and money.  St. Francis is good from top to bottom, side to side.  The ambience is wonderful and really fits the Phoenix location well.  Everything I have eaten here is excellent.  My personal top three are the Moroccan Meatballs, the Fingerling Potatoes, and the Pig Dip.  They are all three dishes that really show what St. Francis is all about and the quality of food they create.  All food is seasonal and prepared by intelligent professionals that are truly passionate about food.  Check out their happy hour and Market in Downtown Phoenix too.  Don't miss St. Francis!
Casual hip place! Staff very friendly and knowledgable, and most importantly...the food was top notch delicious! We went for dinner, next time wantto try St Francis for Brunch!
I get the meatballs every time I go. It is hard to try anything else, they have perfected the art of the meatball. Atmosphere is definitely 5 star worthy. Great place to take a date, or celebrate an event with friends.
1. They have an awesome happy hour, with their best menu items. 3-6pm, I believe.. 2. Service has always been good, every time I have been there. . 3. You get free dessert on your birthday.. 4. Most importantly, the food is delicious. I have yet to get something I am disappointed in there. Flatbreads, amazing. Forbidden rice, delicious. French onion burger, omg. It goes on and on. They also change up the menu depending on the seasons, which can be a bit of a bummer if your favorite flatbread goes missing, but they always are adding new amazing dishes.. . One of my favorite places to eat in the Valley.
Absolutely loved this place...  The menu is reasonably priced and the food was excellent.  The ambiance was very cool and I can't wait to go back.
A business colleague and I were visiting Phoenix and when we asked for dinner recommendations, St. Francis was one of two. The local pointed out that St. Francis largely uses locally bought veggies, in particular, while also having great food.. . Walking into St. Francis, it's clearly an eclectic, fun environment. The menu is just as attractively unusual -- and every appetizer, drink and dish we ordered was delicious and full of flavor.. . The goat cheese appetizer wasa good -- the meatball appetizer was great. The almond margarita was unique, tasty and strong. We also had the roast chicken and pork chop - both were excellent. It seemed a little unusual to have just a piece of chicken on the plate, but the "sides" were under the chicken, and on top. The flavor was amazing - the fresh veg made all the difference.. . The service was friendly and attentive, knowledgeable about the menu, and ready with recommendations. We happened to go at happy hour, which features an impressive range of options - bonus!. . Can't wait to return to St. Francis next time I'm in Phoenix.
This place is amazing! Came here with my mom and sister while they were visiting from Chicago. We shared the fried egg sandwich, the eggs Benedict with smoked salmon and the iron skillet pancake. All three items were delicious. The best part was the fresh made bread on the Benedict and egg sandwich. I can't wait to come back for the salmon flatbread!!!!!
We stopped in for an afternoon lunch, and were not disappointed. The wine and cocktail menu is awesome, and the food was just delicious. I especially loved the cauliflower soup, and have actually been craving it lately! We'll be back soon, I'm sure.
We dined here with friends last night and we had such a wonderful experience. . . Everything starts with our amazing server Kayla - she was funny, knowledgeable, and timed her visits perfectly.. . The food was awesome - meatballs, salmon, chicken, squash soup, baked goat cheese, all divine. We highly recommend St. Francis!
What a lucky break to be driving down Camelback road on a Sunday morning looking for a breakfast place and stumble upon the St Francis.  Very grateful the Good Egg was standing room only. We walked across the street and we were glad we did.  The eggs benedict and biscuit and fennel sausage were both excellent.  Service was quick and friendly and the atmosphere exceptional with a live jazz group.   Sipped a perfect Bloody Mary while we were waiting.  Felt like we were on vacation.
YUM! Saw this place on food network and decided to check it out when we were in town this summer. Coming from Flagstaff we were a bit put off by the mandatory valet parking, but we can deal. The drinks were delish, the food was great. Loved the cheesecake for dessert. Highly recommend making reservations especially in the summer or you'll be waiting outside as their isn't much of a hostess area.
The hubby and I came in late the other night after bingo, and we were starving.  I have been wanting to come here for a while, so I was excited and it was as good as I could have expected.  Our waitress was so sweet, the food was so good, the drinks were amazing, and the bill wasn't too bad at all! I started with a dirty gin martini, it was spot on.  We had the fingerling potato app, oh man the aoili and ketchup were so amazing with the potatoes.  The pork chili verde meal was very good, the corn bread made it for me, and the pork was cooked so well, tender as can be.  The meaty flat bread my Hubby had was bacon heaven, so tasty.  I can't wait to come back for the sticky toffee pudding.
Wow. The food is beyond perfection. They really seem to understand how to begin with the best ingredients and to properly match all parts of a meal to create a masterpiece. I love the salmon super food entree, but the menu does seem to change so be ready to be impressed by new, delicious and healthy discoveries.
Fingerling potatoes!
Wonderful dining experience.  Down to earth, warm, homey service.  We got an A #1 waitress and the assisting waiters were just as nice.. . The baked goat cheese was just fantastic.  We also had the risotto with pork belly.  Unbelievable.  I savored every bite.. . This is a multiple visit restaurant.  We've gotta taste some other dishes that looked great.
Pig dip and pancake were life changing. Fig and bacon scone was a close third. This place rocks!
Best burger ever! Every plate of food I have ordered there has been pretty amazing. Really cool atmosphere and my boyfriend is planning on having his next birthday party there.
Great food and a great atmosphere. We love going there for Sunday brunch...kids eat fee
Experience so fantastic if I find myself back in Phoenix again I will make it a point to stop by. Recommended by the innkeeper at Mariposa Manor (B&B walking distance away) the night before board certification examination. Recommendations by waitstaff were top notch and I got exactly what I wanted based on the mood I was in at the time. Delicate flavors, locally sourced items when possible and a vegetarian friendly menu all made this a wonderful experience. My water glass was kept full. My server was attentive without being intrusive. Ambience a little noisy but not distractingly so.
St. Francis is one of our favorite restaurants in the Central Phoenix Area.  We made reservations for our wedding anniversary. Amy and her staff were super and took really great care of us.  We can't thank her enough, and highly recommend that everyone at least visit once.
I love the food! This is our Sunday brunch spot! Complete with fresh squeezed oj mimosas, amazing breakfast(we've tried everything on the menu!) and you get to listen to live music! The atmosphere is amazing & we love it!!
Came in on Saturday for dinner, spectacular green chili pork with a side of the sweet corn polenta! On my way back to try the lunch menu today.
I have not been to this place, but my daughter has and speaks on and on about them all the time, sounds like a great place but I am East Valley. Anyhow, she brought home pumpkin & apple pies from this place home for T Day and  had bragged on and on about them being the best pies ever. I didn't believe her and said we shall see, my sister makes some great homemade pies. Well.. I never want a pie from anywhere else ever !!. The pies alone were literally the most flavorful, beautiful best tasting pies in the world to date thus far, but now I want to eat there . So excited to now have a meal there.What a GREAT introduction :)  Thank you!!
Love this place. The pumpkin soup is the best soup I think I have ever had. Pork belly app was awesome as were the meatballs and the flatbreads. A friend had the chicken and said it was delicious as well. Call a ways in advance for a weekend reservation. We waited until the week of and couldn't get in until 8:00 which was fine. Waitstaff was wonderful!
Came on a Sunday night since we were in the area. It was busier than most restaurants on a Sunday night especially for being in Central Phoenix. I can't imagine what it's like on a Saturday or Friday. . . The food is just hands down delicious. Mostly comfort food made sophisticated. We started with the stuffed green peppers and the food runner was basically salivating over it just from carrying to to our table (very promising sign). The sauce and stuffing was not like your mom's - they kicked it up and it was definitely the most sophisticated stuffed green pepper I've had. . . For a main I had the Pork Dip - the ingredient list just sounded like layers of yum - sliced pork loin, bacon, Dijon mustard, caramelized onions.  Only critique I had was that I ended up removing the top of the sandwich because it was just too much bread - and it masked the gorgeous flavors of the meat and the mustard/onions. . . Also took home one of their brick oven baguettes which kept very well at home for the next three days before it was devoured.
perhaps you might start with:. . baked goat cheese. pumpkin soup. beet salad . . then: . . pork chile verde. the pork chop . roasted chicken. cioppino (this is no longer featured on their menu). forbidden rice bowl . . end with: . . sticky toffee pudding . . --------. st. francis aint so bad; i mean, they're actually pretty great. go! actually, go here before public market cafe, because then that's a different story...
My lovely wife and I joined a group of friends here for dinner.  Good planning - we arrived in time to exploit happy hour prices and we enjoyed some great wines by the glass as half price.  w. We tried a variety of dishes - shared all around - and everything was brilliant!  The service was top notch, the staff were friendly and helpful; altogether a great evening.  I can't recommend this place highly enough!
Wow the turtle pie!!  And everything else I've ever had here.  Try to avoid the upstairs seating, it is disconcerting to feel the floor shake everytime someone walks by.
I made a reservation at this up scale, trendy, and sheik restaurant to have a post holiday dinner with my mother and friend. The architecture was outstanding. We had the best experience at this place! Our waiter, Andrew, was extremely accommodating and was most polite with just the right amount of humor. Followed by introducing himself, he suggested the featured dinner for the night, Pan Brazed Scallops. That was an amazingly tasteful dish with a perfect portion of carrots and lentils sided by 5 of the largest scallops I've ever devoured. My mother had the Chorizo and Shrimp Flat bread and my friend had the Cheese Flat bread. To sum it up, the flat breads were an upscale pizza. Deliciously cheesy. I had a hot Vanilla Rooibos Tea that was Savory. Over all, an enjoyable experience! Thank you!!
