The staff was just as wonderful as the food!. . We had to wait a bit for a table on a Saturday night, but it was worth it!
Fantastic pizza, romantic atmosphere, good wine selection. If you need a romantic place for date night or dinner with friends cibo is always a good choice. Their meatball sandwich at lunch is awesome too!
Cibo has fantastic wood fired pizzas, sandwiches and a to die for antipasto platter (love their desserts, too).  The setting is perfect...it reminds me of many, many restaurants in cities like Portland, OR...it is in an old converted house in one of the historic districts.  This is a great place for outside seating.  They have tables set up in the yard and the trees are all brightly lit with wrapped lights (think little white XMas lights).  The only downside for Cibo (and I can't begrudge them this) is that it is frequently really crowded, particularly on weekends.  If it weren't so crowded I would eat here all of the time!
Ok, this is seriously the best dining experience as of late ... outdoor patio ... excellent pizza ... fantastic salad ... what is not to love here ... Best in every categoric description ... quick professional service too ... A+++ Bravo!!!
This is hands down the best pizza in the valley. I lived in Rome for a month and the pizza at Cibo was better than most I had there. The wine selection here is also amazing- you can tell they really care about their selections. I just love how authentic this place is. Tutto bene! . . Seriously, I'd get married here if I could.
I used to be able to walk here in 30 seconds from my old apartment.  I miss it so much. Listen to me... sit down and order yourself a margherita pie and a glass of wine, wait... I meant a bottle.. to yourself. Anyways, get the margherita pie one of their salads and a nutella crepe. Lucky lucky you.
Yum Yum!  Been here twice now, and it was fab both times.  I recommend the Calzone, anything with their prosciutto, and Crepes Suzette.
For our anniversary dinner, my boyfriend and I couldn't ask for more than this exquisitely styled, unbelievably delicious restaurant. The pizza was wood-fired, flavorful, and downright gorgeous, and getting to sit all night on their light-studded patio was a dream. The real kicker, though? Mozzerella, the enormous white cat who casually prowls the property, making friends, taking naps, and maybe getting to nibble a calzone or two. He sat on my lap all through dinner, moving to my boyfriend's for dessert. For cats and pizza, I couldn't recommend a better place.
Okay, I know there are many pizza places that claim to be the best, but seriously this is the best pizza, closest to the types served in Italy.. . My wife and I had our honeymoon in Italy this past summer and had pizza everywhere we went.  The pizza in Italy is a little different from what most Americans are used to, as they aren't as heavy on the red sauce, and they usually incorporate more exotic and fresh ingredients.. . Now upon our journey to Italy we ended up in Naples (birthplace of Pizza), and couldn't believe how identical the pizza there (Naples) was to Cibo, delicious may I add!. . So if you've never been to Italy and want something extremely similar in style and taste, then you'll love Cibo. The atmosphere is great, the place is a little cozy and expect to wait 45 minutes depending on when you decide to go.
Sweet Pea and I decided to have a relaxing night at Cibo last weekend, as we often do when we feel like just staying close to home, walking, and having insanely good pizza.  I'd been craving a good pizza to get the bad taste of The Parlor out of my mouth for a few weekends now, and Cibo is our favorite.  We've been here dozens of times, and it never disappoints.. It was a perfect night for waiting outside, and it's a good thing, because when we got there at about 7pm on a Saturday night, the wait was already an hour and a half.  Man, I miss those days of not waiting.  I only hope that this place doesn't become the next Bianco.  At any rate, an hour and a half passes quickly with good wine and prosecco, and a table outside on a beautiful night, and we were seated outside on the patio in no time.. We did our usual- our own salads (I have to always get the Caprese which is the best I've ever had with fresh tomatoes, delicious fresh mozzarella, and just enough pesto), and splitting a pizza- half diavolo for him, and half margherita for me.  He swears by the diavolo- being a pepperoni lover, he's obviously a fan of cured meats, but says this is way better than pepperoni.  Margherita is always so good with the sauce, just enough mozzarella, and whole basil leaves.  Then the usual desserts- the fresca for him which is a huge heaping crepe full of fresh fruit, vanilla ice cream, and whipped cream, and the crepe Suzette for me, which comes flaming.  Crepe Suzette is my favorite dessert, and Cibo does it as well as any Parisian restaurant I've been to.. I hate to Yelp it so high because it really is that good, and I hate waiting.  But Cibo deserves it.  It is, bar none, the best pizza in town.  And the atmosphere doesn't suck either.
Love, love, LOVE Cibo!! I think it is the best in the Valley....(sorry, Pizzeria Bianco.)  It has a great, intimate and romantic atmosphere.  It is located inside a cozy old home in Dowtown PHX with agreat patio equipped with twinkling lights....can you say "first date spot??"  I can't wait to go back. The pizza was superb and the salad was delish.  Everything sounded great....I had a really hard time choosing.
This little place is quaint and romantic with excellent food. I recommend any of the deserts. Perfect place for outdoor dining during the cooler time of the year and don't worry they have heaters too during the winter months. The wine selection is fabulous, and this is not just a place for dinner. I had my first lunch here with a best friend who works in the downtown area. It's a great place to stop in and have a bite at lunch.
If I could give Cibo 10 stars I would!! Every time I've been here the food is amazing!! The Burrata is so tasty I could eat it daily. My other favorite is the pear salad! All of the pizza is mind blowing :). . This is a great location for dates or just grabbing a bite with friends. The patio is enchanting with all the lights and trees. The little house and patio transport you away from Phoenix and make you feel at home. . . If you have never been here, then you're making a huge mistake!!!!! Be prepared to wait though.. Depending on what day or time you go there could be a wait but its well worth it! The wait staff is pretty good too.. Ohh and if you want to avoid the wait you can order to-go and grab and drink at the bar while you wait.
What more can you ask for?  Tasty food and efficient yet friendly service in a cozy, romantic environment.  They only take reservations for a group of 6 or more so be prepared to wait about on hour on busy nights.  Although we waited for about 45 minutes, it was well woth it.
I will join the troves of people writing reviews for Cibo.  By now, it's known that it one of the best places to eat in Phoenix.  . . Cibo's atmosphere is the best by far.  Inside the "house" is quaint, and intimate.  Perfect for a romantic date for two.  The outside patio is lit well with stringed bulbs, great landscaping and the occasional live music.. . The pizza is on par with Bianco.  I recommend getting a pie per person so you can try a variety.  Also, I usually prefer red pizzas, but the whites here at Cibo always end up being my favorite.. . The crepe deserts, with fresh fruit and ice cream are beyond words.  Save room, you must get it.. . I love brining out of towners here to show what Phoenix really has to offer.  Not some chain restaurant in a strip mall.
After reading all the favorable reviews, we decided to make reservation for our party of 7 one month in advance.  The restaurant is located in downtown Phoenix to what looks to be a residential neighborhood.  It is ranked as one of the top first date places and the ambience is very romantic.   It reminds me of one of those restaurants that you stroll across with a beachfront dining in some romantic resort town.  . . We ordered a total of 5 pizza's, 2 appetizers, and 3 desserts for our party.  The pizza's were phenomenal, much better than the other place that has a wait of 3 hours.  The pizza's that stood out were the one with truffle oil and a red spicy sauce with ham.  Sorry, I don't have the names of the pizza's as I let my friends do the ordering.   . . Be sure to save room for dessert!  We ordered 3 crepes (nutella with banana, creme cheese, and fresca).  Each was delicious.  Upon leaving we were stuffed, but left with the satisfaction that this was one of the best pizza's we've ever had.  The service was great,  our waiter provided some really good tips and recommendations.  We'll be back on our next Giants Spring Training trip!!
What's not to love about this place?! The food is delicious and the atmosphere is charming! . . I highly recommend the Omero Salad and the La Noce and Rustica pizza's!. . On a side note, there's always been great debate among my friends as to how the name is pronounced. I went to the website tonight before I wrote this review and found the answer we've all wondering Cibo is pronounced "CHEE-boh"! . . Enjoy your visit!
Very very good lunch spot!  Was a little disappointed when I found out they didn't have pizza on their lunch menu. But when I tasted the prosciutto "sandwich", I didn't mind anymore. It was a great meal with a relaxing & great ambiance!
The wait staff here is amazing! So fun and friendly! The food is amazing too.. nutella strawberry crepes.. omg!  Plus sitting outside here is so beautiful and a great experience.
One of the best, if not the best pizza in all of Phoenix in my opinion.  It is very similar to the more famous Bianco style of pizza, however way less of  a wait.  Every pizza I've had from Cibo is excellent.  The decor and atmosphere is fantastic and perfect for a romantic date.  . . They have a great outdoor area and on a nice night when the weather is right, you can't ask for a more perfect/romantic setting.  . . Just so you know, if you are in the mood for some pizza for lunch, this isn't your place.  Pizza is only served at dinner and I think it's only sandwiches and salads for lunch.  I recommend it all though!
Oh Cibo how I love thee! Let me count the ways. . You have the most adorable setting i've ever laid eyes on. . The Salads are so fresh and sized to share. . The pizza's are OUT.OF.THIS.WORLD! . . And let's not forget dessert. I look forward to the Fresca crepe with each visit I make.. . I heart you Cibo.
Bruschetta: Great. Wine: Great. Ambiance: Great. Pizza: AMAZING. The Crust! The cheese! The Texture! The perfect taste! yum yum yum! . .  I typically get the Tricolre and sub tomatoes for the meat. But really, anything you choose is going to be AMAZING. . . I will spend my entire life hoping that I can find another pizza place as good as Cibo, and it will never happen.
Two of us went on a Friday night, so no surprise - there was a 45 minute wait.... . But MAN - it was WELL worth it!!!. . We started out with the Bruschetta, which was good (I especially loved the tomato bruschetta).  Then we split a pizza - also delish - I'm looking forward to returning and trying a different pizza every time...because all of them sounded SO GOOD.  But the real game winner was the CREPE at the end - with Nutella and Mascarpone - O.M.G. SO GOOD.. . The atmosphere is fantastic, the wait staff is busy - but good, and the food is WELL worth any wait on a Friday night.  I will definitely be a "frequent" at this cute little pizzeria!!! :)
SoOoO AMAZING!!! Great Bruschetta pizza, also tried some of the Arizona Hefewizen really good beer! The waiter we had also made it very welcoming super nice guy!
My wife and I traveled to Phoenix last week to spend Spring Break with my daughter who is attending ASU. During our visit we had the "privilege" of eating at Pizzeria Bianco Tuesday night... after a 2+ hour wait. My father had suggested we go eat there after seeing this place mentioned on one of his Food Network shows. I must say the atmosphere is decent, the service so so, and the pizza just OK. . . So, the next night I took my wife to a place I had eaten at last summer named Cibo which is just a few blocks away. After the first taste of her Siena pizza she turned to me and said "this place blows away Bianco"... she is right. . . When you are there you must try the Burrata appetizer. I had the pleasure of trying it last summer when it was just added to the menu and was glad to see it stuck around. I seriously doubt there is a pizza on the menu you will not like but that night we had the Diavola as well as the Siena mentioned above (both fabulous). Make sure to finish off the evening with some homemade Limoncello and you will gladly thank me later.... . We got lucky enough to find a seat on the patio and were able to dine under a perfect Phoenix sky. Our server was named Melissa and she was great. She suggested the perfect wine for our meal and was very attentive the whole time we were there. . . We cannot wait to go again!!!
Great gourmet pizzas, awesome salads, and a cute place suitable for a variety of occasions, be it a date, dinner with the gals, birthday get-together, or a family outing. One of my favorites!
Hands down the best pizza in AZ! Favorite place to take out of town guests. Make sure you order the Burrata. Best appetizer that will be inhaled. Perfect blend of fresh homemade mozzarella, prosciutto, balsamic vinegar and toasted bread. The pizza is second to none. There can be a little wait, but just grab a glass of wine and relax on the patio.
Cibo I love your salads and pizza. Your ambiance is tops what more can I ask for. I keep bringing more friends here as you never disappoint.
Disclaimer: Like many of you, I am a sucker for charming little homes that have been re-purposed into restaurants. I am certain that this colored my opinion of Cibo.. . That being said, I absolutely love having lunch here the other day. I unknowingly arrived at 2:05 (5 minutes after they close between lunch and dinner) but was served anyway. I had the salscicia sandwich and a side of fruit. The sandwich was excellent, served on perfectly crisp, chewy saltimbocca bread. The sausage was flavorful and was complimented by roasted red peppers and onions. All this was finished off with a great quality mozzarella cheese. Really, really delicious.. . I should also say that the atmosphere here was friendly and  comfortable, though a bit small. This would be a great place to hang out if you lived nearby.
My favorite pizza place in Phoenix, bar none. Amazing, life changing pies. You must eat here. . . Other reasons why I like it:. - cheap, good bottles of wine. - dog friendly. - light rail accessible. - romantic vibe (but not too romantic, totally ok for just casual dining with friends). - friendly staff. - free of Old Town Scottsdale douchery. - desserts with nutella. - fresh & often local ingredients. - no ridiculous wait times like Bianco (usually 30 min or less during peak times). . Highly recommended.
Love Cibo, the simple presence of this restaurant in the neighborhood is really good for the revitalization of downtown. . . The salsicce sandwich and house salad are amazing and the staff is great. totally recommend
My boyfriend and I went here on a Friday evening. We had about a 30 min. wait which we spent in the bar w/ a good glass of wine. . We were seated and promptly greeted by our waitress. She was friendly and quick. . We split 2 pizzas, had a bottle of wine, and the Nutella Crepes. Everything was delicious!! . At the end when we received our check, we were pleasantly surprised at how affordable the meal was. . From start to finish, we loved this restaurant! The ambiance, food, and service were impeccable. We will definitely return!
Imagine if House of Tricks and La Bocca fell in love and had a baby. Cibo would be their love child. Classy, great vibe and delicious food are some of the highlights to this charming little restaurant. We had a big group and even two that arrived late and the staff was able to accommodate everyone. We ordered at least 5 pizzas and everything was fresh and flavorful. They have a good selection of drinks as well. I wanted a white wine spritzer and they didn't have club soda so I was offered sprite instead to mix with my wine and it actually tasted great! For dessert we all shared one that had nutella AND bananas. Mmmm. I would definitely come here and again and recommend it to all my friends.
I keep meaning to review this place.  Every time I go, as I'm sitting, devouring what I have proclaimed "might be my favorite pizza, ever.", I commit to reviewing Cibo, but somehow, in my post-pizza bliss, I forget.  Not this time!  Time to give credit where credit is due.. . Cibo is 100% adorable... the repurposed old house, the charming patio, the live music in the evenings.... just adorable.  It's small(ish) but I think that's part of it's charm.  Somehow we've been lucky and never had to wait more than 10 minutes to be seated, even on Friday and Saturday evenings.  (By the way... this is one of the main reasons I prefer Cibo over the highly-touted Pizzaria Bianco).  . . Antipasti-- I've had both the pear salad and the caprese salad and both are delicious.  Of the two, the pear salad is my favorite-- the honey adds an interesting element that compliments the rest of the salad nicely.  . . Pizza- La Noce is what I'm referring to as "might be my favorite pizza, ever.".  I love the flavor of the arugula, ricotta, and walnuts-- and the red sauce is perfect.-- an interesting blend of flavors that just works I've also tried the Pomodoro Fresco-- also delicious, but La Noce is still my favorite.  Others I've eaten with have ordered other pizzas as well and all have proclaimed them fabulous. The crust is perfectly done, thin without being soggy.  . . Service- The service is reliably good-- not amazing or remarkable, but good.  No issues here.  . . So if you like awesome pizza in an adorable atmosphere and you don't want to wait ages, this is your place.  Just do it-- you won't be sorry!
wow im just going for it yes 5 stars fantastic staff excellent pizza and i love the appitizer platter, we had a nice bottle of wine and fantastic house made lemoncello,
Barbeque pulled pork sandwich with fontina cheese, I miss you already.  Yummers.  And the pizza?  Holy frak.  Incredible.  Love Cibo.
There isn't a better place to take a date in Phoenix.  The owners are always present and welcome guests as old friends.  The patio is absolutely gorgeous and has live music on the weekends.  The inside is a bit cramped, but is bursting with ambiance - low lights, gorgeous wood bar, local art.. . And the food... Skip the wait at Pizzeria Bianco and come here instead.  Trust me on this one.  The pizza is delicious and you haven't lived until you've tried the Burrata.. . Five stars.
Best pizza in phoenix (Sorry Chef Bianco). Really affordable meal and wine! My new favorite place in phoenix.
Still awesome. Gets that last star!
im not a big fan of pizza, but coming to this place it changed my mind!!very fresh ingredients. so flavorful and light.  cibo you will see me here again the next time im in Phoenix!
I have to say that this place is the best of the best. I come here regularly, and the servers always recognize me (I don't know it that's a good thing or bad thing). It's a great place to enjoy wine and dinner before you head out for the night. Also, a great first date place. I brought my boyfriend (from a small town in Michigan) to Cibo for dinner, and he absolutely loved it... nothing like this in his small hometown. . . And the best part about this restaurant... the CREPES. Yes, they are absolutely delicious. I recommend the strawberry and nutella with whipped cream... YUM!
Went here for lunch with some coworkers last week. This place isadorable! I love when they turn old houses into little restaurants. I had the PLT sandwhich (Prosciutto, Lettuce, and Tomato). It had a spicy roasted red pepper aoili on it. It wasn't spicy to me but it was delicious. The bread the sandwiches come on is also amazing. I love good bread! I ordered my sandwich with the fruit salad as my side and was in love with it. It came with yogurt and granola on it and was more like a dessert, which I always love! Can't wait to bring my husband here and try it out for dinner!
Food, service and atmosphere are all beyond compare at this wonderful neighborhood eatery. . . In my few dozen visits to Cibo I have always had a wonderful experience. The staff are very friendly and attentive. The food is always amazing - appetizer to dessert. . . Customer for life.
Delizioso! Ate here with friends on the fourteenth anniversary of my 29th birthday (I'll let you do the math!) and had a splendid, splendid meal! The service was attentive, the food was delish and I want to go back -- NOW! I'm not much of a meat eater so had the Quattro Formaggi Pizze -- but have to admit the other meat-laden pies were looking mighty good. Complimentary Nutella crepe on your birthday (money)! And I would highly recommend the Bellinis! Evviva! (Sorry, practicing my Italian!)
Best Pizza in Phoenix.  Hands down.
My favorite restaurant! The best pizza in town and the best ambiance ever, especially if you sit outside when the weather is nice. Sometimes a bit of a wait with limitted wait area, but well worth the wait. Save room for dessert, the crepes are yummy too.
It is axiomatic in Phoenix that the better the restaurant is, the worse the parking. The parking at Cibo is atrocious. Aside from the cutthroat street-side parking, there are something like six parking places in the back. . . That being said, the food here is amazing. Cibo has two distinct menus: a lunchtime and dinnertime selection. Sandwiches are during lunch and Pizzas are dinner. Pizzas are not served here during lunchtime since the wood oven requires different temperatures for sandwiches. If you NEED a pizza, arrive in the evening. . . This is not to say that the sandwiches are worth skipping. They are delicious. The bread is a perfect blend of crisp and soft. A lunchtime visit is definitely recommended. . . However, the star of the show here is the pizza; their pizzas are amazing. There is JUST enough char from the wood ovens to give the dough that brittle crispness that is a sign of a great thin-crust pizza. Their ingredients are fresh and each bite gives a discernible taste for each ingredient in the pizza. It is not a mish-mash of grease and spice like so many other pizzas are. . . For dessert, you must get their crepes. Their crepes make a perfect end to a wonderful meal.. . The service here is extremely friendly and accommodating. . . To give an idea of how good this place is, here is an anecdote. We went to Cibo in the middle of summer late in the afternoon. It was about 113 degrees Fahrenheit outside. When we arrived we found out that their air-conditioning was out. . . We stayed anyway.
Everything here for lunch was amazing.  Great eggplant parm sandwich (recommended by the waitress) on that saltimbocca bread.  One friend had a sausage sandwich and another friend (vegetarian) had his usual, caprese sandwich; both raved about their food.  Price is right at about $9 per sandwich.  Too bad they don't serve pizza for lunch; I'll have to come back some time for dinner. We didn't have any problem parking or getting in (maybe a 10 minute wait for lunch, not bad), but maybe we just got lucky. I also really like the setting in an old house.
After months of reading about Cibo we finally decided we needed to find out for ourselves if the hype was real.. . We arrived 5 minutes before they opened on a Friday evening and there was already a group and a couple ahead of us.  By the time the doors opened there were about 15 people behind us ~ mind you it was about 105 in Phoenix that evening.... . We sat at the bar and was promptly greeted. We ordered the peach bellini which was an excellent cool off drink after being outside in the heat.  We ordered the Tartufata pie and added balsamic caramelized onions.  Just before our bellinis were finished our pie was placed in front of us.... I have to say it was a work of art.  With glasses of both the Cab Sav from Sicilla and a Primotivio we were set for the night.. . The crust was excellent and the prosciutto was out of this world.  The onions with the white truffle oil was a wonderful finish.  We opted to share the crepe made of nutella and mascarpone which was a good decision.  Very rich and gooey there was no way either one of us would have been able to eat a whole one each.  That along with a glass of Moscati and I was in heaven :). . Excellent food, atmosphere and staff.  I can't wait to visit on either on a Tuesday or Wednesday when it's fresh pasta night!
Best diavola EVER!! I would recommend this pizzeria to anyone, it won't disappoint!
Very good pizza here. There is no wait and there is a WIDE selection of items. I love the white pizza so I would definitely recommend that to anyone who heads on in. Excellent beer selection too.
This is one of my new favorite restaurants. I have been twice now and I can't wait for my next visit! Both times I went with a group of friends and everything we ordered was excellent. The pizza was amazing! Dessert was devoured in a frenzy. The ambiance was perfect. This is a great place for a date or a night out with the girls. Also, a wonderful place to take visitors. If I lived closer I would be there every week.
My husband and I ate at Cibo when we visited Phoenix.  The pizza is excellent.  I'd have to say it is either the best or the second best pizza we've eaten, and we eat a lot of pizza.  The crust was not thick or thin, it was just right.  The ingredients were fresh and the cheese was delicious! We waited about 1 hour to finally score a spot at the bar, which is first come, first serve.  Be sure to get there when they open or you're in for a long wait.  Definitely worth it!
I'm not sure I can put Cibo on par with Pizzeria Bianco. I just can't.. . It's pretty close, though. And when you factor in wait times (15 minutes on a First Friday night at 7pm), parking (much better, being on the west side of downtown), and leftovers (the pizza crust holds up remarkably well under microwaving), it's really no question.. . We started with the burrata, and I really can't recommend this enough: two mountains of creamy, fresh mozzarella, sliced prosciutto that melts in your mouth, and toasted bread that's just soft enough to keep from dicing the roof of your mouth. The only problem was, by the end of it (and we scraped every bit of cheese up) we were hardly hungry. Between the two pizzas we ordered between my wife, me, and our daughter, we finished less than half. From now on, we'll go with the burrata, and split a pie...though then we'd miss out on the leftovers. I'll have to rethink this.. . A few minor quibbles: it'd be nice of the beers were on tap. My Lagunitas IPA wasn't quite cold enough. Also, the main entrance is a tight fit, but it's worth it for the ambiance, I think.. . Beyond that, though, everything about Cibo, from the food to the charming owners, was exceptional. I only half-jested that I'd like to go back today.
Love, love, love the pizza! The diavola is my fav- juicy & slightly spicy. My mouth is seriously salavating as I write this. I know it's strange for a pizza to be juicy, so let me explain...the fresh ingredients melting perfectly in the brick oven for an incredible burst of flavors in your mouth - JUICY!!! For apps I was introduced to the Burrata, which is outstanding and give the bruschetta and caprese a try, also yummy. Dessert wise the crepes with nutella are lip-smacking good as well as the nutella shake. (yep, I'm a fan of nutella). . Delightful atmosphere, patio lit with strands of lights, charming historic house inside.. . Sometimes they have live music but I'm not sure how to find out this information. Also, they serve homemade pasta on a selected day :)
Cibo = pizza perfection.  I've been to many of the "top" pizza places in the valley, and I've come to a conclusion: you won't find a place better than this in Phoenix. I frequent here quite often.  I'm truly in love.. . Dessert crepes are also amazing. Just try one. Any one.. . The service is great. The waitstaff is extremely attentive, including the hostess/host. The food comes out quickly. Very quickly. These are things to appreciate, but I'm reviewing this place because the food is fantastic.
This is one of my favorite places for both lunch and dinner (separate menus for each).  The food is amazing and unique.  The atmosphere is quaint and intimate, perfect for date nights or dinner with close friends!  Service is not quick but the mood is relaxing and casual.  Never disappointed with this place!!
This is the Antonio Banderas in Desperado of Pizzerias.
Cibo has plenty of reviews, but I still gotta put my two cents in! I have been here several times, all for lunch, so I have NOT tried their pizza yet but the sandwiches and salads they serve up for lunch are nothing short of phenominal! On my last vist I tried the Ai Spinaci, which is a garlic lovers dream sandwich topped off with wilted spinach and toasted prosciutto! All I hear is great things about Cibo's pizza, so I can't wait to finally give it a try!. . The restaurant is a beautifully converted house in a historic downtown area, but that also equals very limited seating inside. They have a great patio with more than ample overflow seating outside, but it's pretty worthless during the summer days. The servers here are all friendly towards the customers, and work as a team to make sure the lunch and dinner hours run smoothly!. . Also, the crepes are amazing! We never had any intention of ordering dessert but our server insisted on bringing us a complimentary crepe with the assurance that it'd be worth it! WE LOVED IT! Make sure you save room for dessert!
AMAZING. . . I've only been to Cibo for dinner, but it's one of the few restaurants that i've been to HUNDREDS of times. I cringe whenever I hear someone talking about going to pizzaria Bianco, bec Cibo's pizza is exponentially better and you won't face the hours of waiting that you'll run into at Bianco. . . Esp. recommend going to dinner here when it's a bit cooler... they have live music, a fire pit, and beautiful outdoor dining.
Took someone outon a date here as per recommendation from a friend and was completely blown away! Their pizza is the best I've had in a long LONG time, accompanied by fantastic wine and some great company =) The service was boast-worthy and the establishment is a quaint little atmosphere that can cater to your needs; giving you a great place if you look dress-casual for a nice night of drinks or shorts and a t-shirt if you're just looking for some good eats and a relaxing night off. Cibo is really a gem!. . Keep singing,. . -Jerron
I'm pretty picky about my pizza and have extremely high expectations (LGO being my favorite in the Valley), but I can't say enough great things about this place.... Amazing date spot, delicious fresh food, kind service, and adorable atmosphere. The pizza is that italian still, thin, homemade style crust with fresh toppings in a wood-fire brick oven. The pasta is delicious as well. . It can get pretty busy during prime weekend dinner hours so I recommend a nice mid-week visit. . Love, love.
Cibo is a pizza place that faithfully replicates the Italian experience of eating pizza. It is *not* a place that tries to do deep dish or thick(er) crusts like they do back in Chicago. Lou Malnati's will always rule the day in that department, with Gino's East running a close second (and Giordano's a close third!) . . But as far as straight-up Italian pizza is concerned, Cibo is as close as I've had since coming back from Naples.. . First, their pesto salad: Excellent. Fresh greens, intensely flavored tomatoes, and sheets upon sheets of parmaggiano reggiano, which one can never have too much of. The basil tasted fresh, the olive oil had character, and they didn't spare on the pine nuts.. . The pizza came soon after. We had the salsiccia con patate, a pizze bianche with potatoes, mozzarella and spicy sausage. Once again the ingredients were top notch and melded nicely, the sausage in particular having a great, complex flavor. The mozzarella melted perfectly and wasn't rubbery or greasy.. . Ah, but the crust. It was thin and slightly charred on the bottom, like it should be. The dough had some "give", and chewing through the toppings brought an interior that was soft and had excellent texture. It should take two hands to eat this pizza. Very well done.. . The interior of the restaurant can be loud, (very loud, depending on the intoxication of present company) and they're usually very busy. We had to wait 45 minutes for our table, and the weather outside was certainly threatening to pour at any moment (although it didn't). "Urban" also seems to have a different connotation, since the restaurant sure seems like it's in a low-density, suburban part of town (that happens to be a mile away from downtown Phoenix).. . But the wait was worth it, and I'm giving a thumbs up to Yelp for drawing me to an excellent pizzeria.
As I'm preparing to write this review, I'm experiencing flash backs of how delicious the food was, and I'm salivating as we speak..... . I recently visited Cibo while visiting my parents in Arizona. It was a recommendation by a colleague, and I had to share the experience with my lovely parents. Although there was a wait for sitting inside, we didn't mind, because we enjoyed a nice chilled glass of their House Chardonay. Although they said it would be a 20 minute wait, we were seated after 10 minutes. I loved the atmosphere, vibe and feel ofCibo. It's so cozy, and welcoming. . . On to the juicy stuff....the FOOD! We started with the Caprese Salad and Pesto Salad. They were both so amazingly delectable. The Caprese salad served it's purpose more than I imagined. The ginormous slices of fresh mozzarella were drizzled with a light olive oil, and accompanied by tomato slices and basil. It was served with some thinly sliced toast that the perfect compliment. On to the Pesto Salad! The Pesto dressing was phenomenal, and to be honst, I don't think I've had a pesto quite like this. It wasn't too thick, but complimented the bed of mixed greens, grape tomatoes, shaved parmigiano, pine nuts and roasted potatoes, perfectly!  For our entree's we ordered the Fughi Pizza, but added Spicy salame and Balsamic onions. I just went into dreamland thinking about how the pizza tasted when I took my first bite! Again, they had mounds of fresh mozzarella, mushrooms and a great tomato sauce. The addition of the balsamic onions and spicy salame took this pizza to a whole new level.  I love how thin the crust of the pizza was, which allowed you to enjoy the true beauty of their pizzas; the fresh cheese and sauce. . . I'm going to start a new paragraph just to describe how AMAZING the dessert was that we ordered. Since it was a belated Birthday dinner for my mother, we ordered a Crepe for dessert. It was filled with Mascarpone cheese, and my most favorite thing on earth, NUTELLA!! After all, life is much better with a spoonful of Nutella! It was dusted with powdered sugar, as well as melted chocolate sauce. We decided to forget all of our inhibitions, and added a nice scoop of vanilla ice cream. The warm crepe, accompanied by the ice cream, was delectably sinful! . . Before I give myself a heart attack describing the food any longer, I'm going to stop myself. Cibo is definitely a win/win situation. Two thumbs up all around! I can't wait to go back!!
This place was awesome! Always SO busy too. The pizza was amazing and the few glasses of wine made everything even better :)  We sat outside in May, though a little warm, it was still enjoyable. The small, candle lit tables and overall ambiance of Cibo makes it worth going back. I can't wait to go back when it's cooler out and maybe they'll have the outside fireplace burning. They also had live music that I didn't necessarily care for, a little cheesy, but it was live and that counts :)
so I started cosmetology school and each month we can go to the art museum and get extra hours for school and we now have officially incorporated cibo into our monthly art museum visit for school.  WE LOVE CIBO!!!!!  Everytime we go in everyone is amazing.  This last time in particular was just amazing, we got Matt as our server-he's amazing, he takes such great care of his guests and I was so excited to get to have him again, he's like a celebrity and doesn't eve know it.  Now that the weather is cooling off we sat outside, drank some wine, enjoyed lots of yummy food.  I love the funghi with salami and one of my friends got the calzone... bombdotcom :) of course we got dessert and again mind blowing!  See you all next month for some amazing food, service and atmosphere.  xxoo
This was my first Yelp review, and now after visiting Cibo at least a dozen, I had to write a quick update to mention two very important things I didn't mention in my first review: Crepes and Limoncello. . . Yep, the Nutella crepes are magnificent. A perfect way to end a meal.... well that is unless you end it with the most awesome drink in the world: Limoncello.  Homemade and worth every last drop. It's an experience I won't soon forget. . . Also, I must mention another awesome waiter. No, not the Diane Lane look alike, but a just as memorable dude with prophetic tats and a zen-like, jedi-master spirit. Not only do you get great food at Cibo, you also get uber-friendly service. Rock on, Cibo, I can't wait for a dozen more visits!
A unique and interesting restaurant which embrases the charm of an old home and gives it a modern and urban touch.  This restaurant boasts a large variety of unique pizza combinations.  Our group of 14 tested 6 of these and all six were fabulous...leaving even the most non-adventerous food eaters in our group shocked that they enjoyed each one.  I'd highly recommend the the pizza with asian pears... it was fabulous!!
Ok, I am a pizza perfectionado.  grew up in NYC where great pizza is one almost every street corner.  As of late I've developed a taste for the true taste of Neapolitana style (real italian pizza)...  I have become quite expert in making my own neapolitana style pizza at home too, but when I do eat pizza out Cibo's is my very favorite.  It is set in a converted bungalow for a very homey atmosphere.  The proprietors Tony and Karen Martingilio and their son Michael Krasner are the most gracious and caring hosts I've ever encountered.  Guido Saccone is the Italian born and trained pizzaiola.  He crafts fine neapolitano pies my favorites are the margherita and sausage.  They also have great salads, antipasta, and at lunch time great sandwiches on homemade bread.  If you still have room, defintely try one of the crepe and Nutella deserts.  My favorite is the one with bananas.  Cibo's also has a carriage room suitable for private parties and can hold up to 60 people.  Also on Tuesday and Wednesday they are offering pasta specials homemade and handcrafted by Chef Guido.  So for a great all around dining experience you should check it out!  Tell em Lloyd sent ya!
After having waited for 2-3 hours for the "privilege" of eating at Pizzeria Bianca (on more than one occasion), I am SO glad that a friend got me to try Cibo instead.. The food is just as good (similar, rather limited menu, so make sure everyone in your party is up for pizza & salads & wine), but the wait to get seated is MUCH shorter and the patio setting is LOVELY. Even the indoor seats are preferable to Bianca's open room brick box. . My husband and I get so excited for the cooler weather in Phoenix because we know that Cibo's patio is now an option for Date Night.. Try the calzone and one of their great salads (i'm partial to the Omero but the Pear Salad is wonderful as well).. A glass or two of the house Chianti makes it complete. . Oh, if you have room, the Crepes are delicious--share them with someone you love for dessert.. Service has always been attentive, but not overly friendly (it's not that kind of place).
This place is AMAZING!!! I have had Pizzeria Bianco and really feel like this was better!!!! The service was excellent and that wait was not bad at all.  I love taking people who haven't been here!!!!. Look forward to eating here each and every time!!!
THE BEST AUTHENTIC ITALIAN IN ARIZONA - do not accept substitutes. This is real authentic cuisine. Not NY family style. Not North Jersey/Sopranos style. Genuine old country Italian with ingredients flown in from the boot daily. I recommend the tuna nicoise salad with pine nuts for lunch and every pizza on the menu is better than the next for dinner. Dessert? Try and find a better alternative to the Nutella creeps. If you prefer eating at that "other" place that competes with Cibo, you probably think Del Taco makes really great  authentic Mexican food.
the perfect spot for a lunch meeting - close to the city center but away from the hustle and bustle.  the quiet outside patio is nice for a breath of fresh air before returning to the recirculated air of your office tower.. . the lunch menu is affordable and delicious!  i highly recommend the eggplant parm or meatball sandwiches with the house salad! (if you are dining with a friend, try ordering both and sharing half/half on the sandwiches). . the pizza and antipasto on the evening menu is top notch as well!  a great spot for casual group dinners or an intimate dinner for two. love this place!
This is one of my favorite spots in Phoenix. The pizza is wonderful, the pesto salad is absolutely amazing, and the fresh fruit crepe is delicious. They have a great patio and I've never had bad service here even on busy nights. The servers always remember my husband and me even though we don't go more than once every few months.
After a year of debating whether to make the drive downtown for this place, I am happy to say that I finally did. I'm sorry it wasn't sooner.. . When you approach the entrance, you get a good feeling, unlike the rest of the overly bright, pretentious, ubiquitous strip-mall restaurants around the valley. No, this is a house, surrounded by other houses in a real neighborhood - so the setting is beautiful.. . Now the food:. . We started with the bruschetta. Outstanding. I think while we were eating it our eyes were rolling back in our head! I had a Lagunitas IPA, it's nice to see they have a good IPA to complement their Fatta in Casa cuisine. . . We move along to the infamous pizza (though the pasta specials were tantalizing - but had to try the pizza since it's my first time here). We ordered the Diavola with ricotta cheese. This pizza took me back to Trastevere in Rome. Crust was tasty, browned with a slight char, but not too much. Sauce was fresh but not watery, and the cheese was delicious. And though we were both full after a couple of pieces, we could not stop eating it.. . Of course we had to try the dessert ( Nutella desserts will always be a winner). We split the Nutella Crepe and each had a cappuccino - and no dirty looks from the waiter when ordering a cappuccino after dinner in America! Delicious, a great way to end the evening.. . I will travel from Chandler to Cibo any night of the week because this is a place that does it right. I almost never give 5 stars on a first time visit, but this wasn't a "lucky" night. Everything was top quality with genuine care and love put into it and that was quite evident. Bravo!. . Grazie mille per una bella notte! Ci vediamo presto!
We went there several times in the past including lunch and dinner. The sandwich for lunch is great, but the pizza and desserts for dinner is my favorite!! Romantic atmosphere, great for couple and family. Definitely the best pizza I ever had in Phoenix!
Great food. Great ambiance. Great for a night date on the patio. I can't wait to go again.
Great pizza and nutella cepes.
Great pizza, great service, I have been there many times and always walked away having a great experience.
LOVE this place.  Food is always good, ambiance is better (especially on the patio at night).  Prices are very fair.
The best crepe in town!!!. . Even though the sign on the DOOR does not make sense but I still gave 5 stars.. . The sign told us to get to the DOOR to get the table. We were in front of the door and noone help us. Until we figured out that we had to actually go through the DOOR to get inside to get the table.
What to say that hasn't been said? My husband and I visited Cibo by chance. We had driven by about a year before while we were kind of lost downtown, and said "that place is really busy, we'll have to try it some time." I am SO happy that we did tonight. We were seated promptly outside tucked in the corner. It's December, so you would think we would be chilly, we kept our jackets on during dinner but there are plenty of heaters surrounding the outside tables, so we were kept warm. The ambiance is beautiful, the outside tables are lit how you wish every restaurant you visit would be.   . . I had the green tea, real tea, nothing that they bring you in a bag, but they actually pour the hot water over the real tea leaves, it was very good. My husband said the coffee was rather good as well. . . As an appetizer we split the pear salad: Spinach, vinaigrette, almonds, cheese, pears and honey. I'm not horribly adventurous when it comes to mealtime so I was nervous, but it was so good. . . I'd say 1 pizza can heartily feed 2 people, but we opted for separate ones to try anyway. I had the Salsiccia (sausage, mozzarella, and red sauce), while my husband opted for the Salsiccia con Patate (sausage, roasted potatoes). The crust is soft and chewy, not overdone like so many places. His was a bit drier than mine, no sauce, but both were still good and we walked away with a whole pizza left over between the two of us, yummy yummy left overs! . . The Dessert: All we could say was "Oh My!" We had the Fresca Crepe. A delicious crepe filled with vanilla ice cream and fruit, topped with whipped cream and more fruit. Fresh peaches, kiwi, and strawberries. We had the Nutella on the side but it was quite good drizzled on top. I'd go back for the dessert alone!. . Our server, James, was very polite and there was one girl going around always asking people if they needed more water. I never felt neglected by the waitstaff and it is Friday night after all. . . Overall, I have to say this is a favorite thus far!
I believe that everyone who loves pizza should visit this place. Cibo is famous for their Italian foods but their pizza is the best in town. I've been here a lot of times and they never failed to satisfy me. I love pizza. Want pizza? Go to Cibo now!
I love, love, love Cibo! I know it has tons of great reviews but I feel it is time to add my own. In my opinion Cibo is better than Pizzeria Bianco and way less wait. . . This is a great place for sharing. My favorite night at Cibo goes like this.... The delicious pesto salad. ( I am not usually a big salad person but this one is quite interesting.). Then on to the pizza. I generally get the margherita pizza but had the diavola the other day and now I am hooked.. For desert all of the crepes are amazing.. And if you've never had limoncello I highly recommend you try it!. And of course you can always share a bottle of wine for dinner. . . Great food, reasonable prices and beautiful patio!
Two words: WORTH IT.. . Unlike some other wood fire joints in town, this one lives up to the hype.. . Every pie Ive had there has been delicious. Great, fresh ingredients, good sauces.. . We always bring people from out of town here and they love it.. . Good local beer and wine selection. Kitchy, cozy atmosphere. . . Oh and did I mention the dessert crepes? Wonderful. Any of them it doesnt matter: chocolate, strawberries, bananas, Nutella...... seriously theyre amazing.. . *We* always seem to beat the rush, but its worth the wait.
Simple scrumptious. I love Cibo. I've been there for lunch a couple of time and the best thing is the dough. The sandwiches are so good. I recently went there for dinner. We sat outside and  there were plenty of heaters to keep you warm. It was nice because there was live music and the atmosphere was lovely. The pizza is my favorite. I think it's way better that Pizza Bianco. The selection is far greater, the staff is friendly and attentive and the atmosphere is welcoming. I love that the outside dining area is smoke-free. This is one of my favorite places to go. The crepes are amazing. We ordered the banana & nutella crepe and added strawberries on top. This is the kind of place where you can enjoy yourself and relax. You don't feel rushed to leave.
For the love of Jesus! I went here with miss Dottsy Z for our girls date night and omg this place is fantastic! I have been here one other time 6 years ago on a blind date and had forgotten just how good the food was. . . We started off with the ever popular Burrata, which is- fresh mozzarella with a creamy heart topped with a balsamic glaze served with black label prosciutto crudo and toasted bread. From what I understand it is goats milk cheese that is flown in fresh daily and they have limited quantities. To say this is like butter is an understatement. It was delicious!!!!! Next I ordered the Rustica which is mozzarella, topped with prosciutto crudo and arugula after pizza is cooked. It took everything in me not to eat the entire damn pizza. Dottsy ordered the Prosciutto Crudo which is similar except hers has red sauce and no arugula. My goodness. I am still shaking my head and kicking myself for giving Dottsy all the leftovers. What in the world was I thinking? I will be back again very soon and not wait 6 years for another visit.
Pretty much you could not make this place any better unless you could make it bigger, which I have heard rumored might be happening.. . The atmosphere is perfect - a charming old house and great patio.  We once went with a group of 28 and had dinner on the patio and it was perfect.. . Food Suggestions - the Antipasto platter - it is a must, the best in Phx. The pizzas are also great and I have heard the crepes as well, but I myself and not a huge crepe fan, so have not tried them out.. . If you don't live in thedowntown area and are headed down for a sporting or cultural event, this should be your first stop.. . Only issue would be parking - its a really small lot, but you can usually snag a spot on the street pretty easy.
Had our first visit to cibo last night. It is in a charming house in down town phoenix. Fabulous atmosphere! Warm, inviting, very unrestaurant like. Our waiter made some excellent wine reccomendations. We started with the Burrata. This was amazing....so simple yet so delicious. Two giant scoops of this mild, creamy cheese drizzled with balsamic, served with toasted bread and proscutto. Creamy, crunchy, salty....so perfect. We ordered two pizzas and a calzone. The names of the pizzas escape me, but one had sausage and potato, the other red sauce and walnuts and the calzone was filles with meats. Everything was simply divine. I love food that is simple, made with quality stuff. That is exactly wht we got. The crust is thin, chewy and has the char spots expected with woodfired pizza. I can not wait to come back to try something else!
Best dinner ever... well maybe not ever but its in the top 10!
When Oprah came to Phoenix, I think she misquoted the Best Pizza in America. Cibo is definitely the best Pizza in Phoenix. Once you eat the Tartufata is one of the best. How can you beat a white pizza with truffle oil? I think that this is where other Pizza Joint owner eat too.
Took Travis here for one of our first dates and just LOVE Cibo.  It's situated in a home from 1913 and has colored lights wrapped all around the trees.  You can either sit inside or on the gorgeous patio.  Brick oven pizza and cheese plates offered here and it's definitely a place for a cool date.
cibo met some kind of pizza ideal that had never been articulated in words for me.  the crust was thin, but not as thin as pizzeria bianco. the portions of cheese were slightly more generous than those of pomo and bianco. the red sauce was just slightly sweet and seasoned perfectly. my favorite pizza, though, was a white pizza, the genova, with pesto as the sauce, mozzarrella, parmesan, onions, and potatoes. perfect. this is the type of pizza, if it were healthier to eat such a thing every day, i would be eating 7 nights a week. i think adding ricotta cheese would make it even better, like it did for one of the red pizzas we tried, as cibo's ricotta has a pleasant nutty flavor. i can't count the places where i've added ricotta to a pizza and it had absolutely no flavor whatsoever, but not at cibo.. . tried a salad, too, which was fresh though heavy on the vinegar in the dressing. also tried the bruschetta. the bread was good, but not as good as that of lamp pizzeria in north scottsdale, or second runner up ( bread-wise), pizzeria bianco. the bruschetta comes in a gigantic portion. three large, thick slices of bread split in half. one with buffalo mozzarella and a meat that looked like proscuitto (didn't try that one), one slice with grape tomatoes and basil (awkward to eat because the halved grape tomatoes are small and kept falling off), one with a cannellini bean and eggplant spread. this antipasti alone is very filling and i regret eating so much of it (especially the savory cannellini bruschetta) before the perfect pizzas arrived.. . i can't wait to go back and try some more antipasti and pizzas at cibo. a cute place, an appealing menu well executed.
Now serving breakfast and Cibo offers the perfect alfresco experience. I've always loved the front portion of the property and today we enjoyed perfect weather and an amazing meal.  I want to move in!. We both started with a cocktail, I had the Bellini and we looked over the menu and both decided on the Fritatta Melfitana, an egg omelet filled with Schreiner's sausage, mozzarella cheese, Schreiner's bacon and topped with grated Pecorino Romano and chives.  Our dish came with roasted potatoes with chives, toasted bread, marmalades and a side fruit parfait. The price point is just a tad higher than most places BUT the quality, taste and presentation make it well worth the extra change. . .  I posted a pic, yeah...THAT GOOD!
So fantastic for lunch. Save room for dessert. The crepes are awesome.
Finally got around to visiting Cibo last night...and didn't realize what I was missing. My advice: Just GO! Everything you are reading is true! This place really is as good as it gets. The food is fabulous, the atmosphere is charming and service is great. Yes, I could nit-pick about some of the minor details (you know how I am!), but the overall experience can't be beat. Just GO!!
Amazing experience.  My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary dinner and it was amazing.  The food was authentic and delicious- best Italian food I've had in the Phoenix area- maybe in the U.S. . . The ambience was great, we sat outside under a tree with lights all over it. Very romantic setting. . . We had a bottle of wine on the waiter's suggestion, It was a cab, I don't remember the name, but it paired very well with our meal. We started withthe burrata which was so fresh-- to die for. We each got a pizza and shared them, and then we finished it off with a Nutella crepe.  Needless to say we had to be rolled out, but it was amazing and I will definitely be back soon!
Great italian food.  Fresh, home made pasta.  Great Pizzas.  Real italian flavor, not americanized.  One of the best pizza places I've been to in the country.. . Also worth noting that this restaurant is actually an old home that was re-purposed.  The have several rooms inside which each accommodate an individual group.  However, when the weather is nice, the "front yard" is the place to enjoy your wonderful meal.
Can't say enough good things about CiBO! I loved the atmosphere, the pizza was delicious (nice crispy crust with a wood fired flavor, premium toppings) and service was great. We ordered the grilled veggie plate appetizer, and though I wished it was served hot and not slightly on the cold side, it was surprisingly delicious. The drizzle of balsamic totally made the dish! . . Spring for the extra $2 for the balsamic onions on your pizza, you won't be disappointed (and I don't even like onions)!
I visited this dainty little restaurant on what looks to be a not-so-nice area of Phoenix built into a house with an adorable front seating area while visiting family in AZ.  My friends were raving about this place while we sat at Gino's East in Chicago dining on what I like to think as some of the finest pizza around.  So for someone to suggest there was good pizza, in Arizona, I had to see it to believe it.  . . The inside is literally the front of a house with a bar area immediately to your right, a table for a large group set front and center, with the kitchen behind it, and bathrooms that in any other setting someone would have viewed the cracked toilet seat and floor tiles as grotesque, but here, the added bouquet of flowers and wall mirror made for a rustic, inside-someone's-personal-house, geriatric feel.  . . We sat outside, as the temperature had cooled down to a manageable, sunless 90 degrees and my friend's fiance was meeting up with us with her puppy (yes it's dog friendly). The outside patio was separated into two areas with the main walkway down the middle.  The floor was made up of mismatched bricks, some jutting up, with small two to four seat, wrought iron tables strategically placed around the center where a tree was unruly growing out of the brick and mud.  They had decorated it with a string of white lights which gave the atmosphere of the perfect place for a date. . . Everything at Cibo is cooked in their fire-grill oven, and they mostly have wine with a few specialty beers brought to you by a rather odd waiter.  We first ordered an appetizer of Schiacciata Maremma, half without eggplant and our little sandwiches came with just enough time to gobble them up before my friend's fiance arrived and even knew we ordered.  The crunch of the bread from the wood-fired oven with the melted cheese holding the vegetables in was the perfect start to a fantastic meal.  We then ordered pizzas, the Pizza Rosse Vegetariana and I believe my friend had the Di Notte pizza, adding potatoes.  The crust was thin and had just the right amount of crisp, but still strong enough to hold the massive amount of toppings.  I wouldn't compare it to Gino's East, but overall, it was a pretty good, healthy pizza.  It felt almost homemade.  . . We finished the meal off with a nutella and strawberry crepe which was to DIE for.  There are few restaurant chef's that seem to make a crepe the correct way, thin, less like a pancake, and still strong enough to hold together your ingredients. They managed to get the crepe and ingredients just right and we walked away extremely full and satisfied.  Not before her 3 month old puppy went to sit on the neighboring tables lap after they picked her up.  An extremely chill, relaxing atmosphere.  I highly recommend finding this Phoenix gem while you are in town.
Delicious pizza. I tried the Margherita and La Noce (tomato sauce, mozzarella and ricotta, topped with arugula and walnuts after pizza is cooked). Totally amazing. We were there for a wedding rehearsal dinner and they have this amazing house in the back they sat our party in. Perfect.
Spicy pep pep pizza, nutella crepe with ice cream and banana or strawberry, glass of wine, get you right in the head in the '97 sucker. Cannot vouch for anything else on their menu.
I hate to give this place a great review...It's already hard enough to get a table! But it is flawless. Honestly, I cannot think of one thing that I would change about the atmosphere, service or the food. The sandwiches at lunch are absolutely incredible, they actually bake the bread for each order, then assemble your sandwich (name one other restaurant that does that). I really try to give good feedback on Yelp, but this place is flawless.. . That being said, don't go into it expecting it to be flawless- you're always disappointed when you do that (like an over-hyped movie). Expect it to be a solid "8," and it will blow your mind. That's good advice that you can use in life ;-)
Cibo is another of those hidden gems that you would probably never notice if you were just passing through or don't make it to downtown Phoenix. Since this is an old bungalow that has been made into an eatery, this place is smack dab if the middle of a residential neighborhood.. Their menu consists of pizza, salads and sandwiches made on fine Italian bread with some awesome Italian meats and cheeses and fresh local ingredients. I love the meatball sandwich so much that I can't bring myself to order anything else. I don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu. The service is friendly and the atmosphere homey. Their outdoor patio is really a pleasant place to enjoy lunch. I really need to come here for dinner or their new breakfast. Cibo is truly among the best that Phoenix has to offer.
I would suggest that anyone who lives here and has not been come, and if you're in town and looking for a great local non-chain restaurant that has quality food prepared the way it should, then try Cibo!  . . I took my man here for "mystery date night" as a surprise since he had never been.  No wait at 8:45 on a Friday night (yes! take that Pizzeria B) and the atmosphere of this house is super intimate and cool.  I love the atmosphere of the patio also, lit with those great off-white lights, and fire pits.  We shared the burrata which was gynormus, easily enough for 4 people or a hungry us.  The wine was tasty and reasonable.  I was drinking a pinot grigio, and my guy had the house chianti which I never usually order anywhere since it almost always reminds of grandmas table wine - until I tried Cibo's house version.  It was very good, definitely not from grandmas!   Now for the pizza - it is just perfection.  It has that amazing combination of char on the crust, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside with the right balance of sauce and toppings.  It almost melts in your mouth, it's not heavy at all.  It's nice to go out for a pizza dinner with and app and dessert and not feel like you have to roll yourself out of the joint!  So we finished our romantic mystery date night with a crepe filled with nutella, ricotta, AND a scoop of ice cream on top.  I don't typically die over dessert, it's my boyfriends thing.  I'm an app girl - but this, it wasn't too sweet, it was so gooey and delicious and the ice cream added just the right amount of sweetness.  I would never eat here without dessert again!  . . I have been for lunch and they can get you in and out in a little less than an hour, but they don't fire up the pizza oven till supper which is why I prefer that here.  You will feel at home at this spot in a group or on a date - hell, maybe even a mystery one :)
You can't live in Phoenix and not eat at Cibo!  This is one of my favorite retaurants in the State.  It's in an old house in a historic part of downtown, tucked away in an old nieighborhood, and the food is incredible.  All of their sandwiches are perfectly done and flavorful and the service is always first class.  Very easy to get in and out quickly, and with a full belly, during the lunch hour!
The Schiacciata Dolce Vita was awesome as well as the service, ambiance and conversation with the owner, being that were both from Jackson Heights, N.Y.! A must for anyone visiting Phoenix, Arizona.
This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix!  The ambiance and decor is amazing.  There is a lovely patio with large trees and lights all around.  It is very intimate and romantic.  The pizza is scrumptious.  My favorites are the Di Notte and Rustica with red sauce.  I would eat here every night if I wasn't worried about my girlish figure!. . Last night, Paul and I tried the crepes with nutella and bananas with ice cream.  I don't normally eat a lot of desserts, but I polished this one off!  Sorry Paul! . . You can't go wrong with this place!!
best neopolitan pizza i've had in the states. The chef i believe is from caserta which is pretty cool. this is one of the only places i don't mind waiting to get seated and personally i like their food better than pizzeria bianco.
We were in town for a convention, arriving Thursday night and looking for a comfortable dining venue.  Cibo delivered.  Service began slow, which my wife and I don't mind because we actually enjoy a less rushed meal.  The owner saw things getting backed up, and helped get our salad order expedited to our table.  The pizzas and wine were great, and the outdoor patio was unique and cozy on a cool April evening.  We enjoyed it so much we dined there again Saturday night.  This time we sat in a cozy corner and enjoyed another delicious pizza.  The owners are very nice.  We spoke to them during brief wait for our table.  Highly recommend the food, the atmosphere, and the service.
I am having a difficult time deciding how to even begin this review. In the simplest terms, Cibo has my heart. The outdoor seating is romantic and lovely, while indoors is equally cute and "busy." The food is TO DIE FOR. If I was ondeath row, their food would constitute my last meal. Hands down, they have the best pizza I have ever had the pleasure to taste. Do not miss the opportunity to order the Burrata as an appetizer (and then again for dinner!) - the mozzarella is creamy, the prosciutto fresh, and the bread baked to perfection. We also had the prosciutto crudo pizza, which was every bit as delicious as the appetizer. Overall, one of the best restaurant experiences I have ever had. A big 5/5 from this foodie here.
My favorite pizza in Arizona, almost as good as my favorite place in Seattle. Cool ambiance, great food, just an interesting place to be. I'm also a sucker for old restored buildings. They make an amazing white mushroom truffle oil pizza - and I hate mushrooms. Eat here!
This was a delight for a weekend social meeting with a friend.  I was happy that they were open with a breakfast menu even though we didn't meet until noon. I will keep the 10AM weekend opening in mind.. . The weather was predicted to be a bit warm so we opted for an interior seat. The service was prompt. I mentioned that we weren't in a hurry and would probably take our time and chat.  The waitress returned timely with drink refills, but we felt no pressure to hurry our meal.  Plus #1.. . We had the Saltimbocca Freddi and Fritatta Melfitana for the main course. Very fresh ingrediants prepared to perfection.  Plus #2. . The BIG Plus #3 was the dessert.  Dessert for breakfast...YES!!  We decided to try both sweet crepes and share. This is a great option because both were so good that I couldn't have picked just one.  Nuttella and Mascarpone was warm. The waitress mentioned topping it with ice cream which was a perfect recommendation.  Frutti di Bosco was topped with mixed berries that were so perfect that you wanted to pick them off the crepe with your hands and just pop them in your mouth.  Maybe that is a good reason to get one of your own?. . I also noticed that the hostess seated people throughout the restaurant, giving everyone a lot of personal space.  . . Highly recommended for a weekend meal if you are in downtown Phoenix.
Another satisfied customer!  The food is so freaking delicious and fresh.  Cibo is in a beautiful old home that makes it feel intimate and romantic - there's really not a bad seat in the house.  Service is consistently good.  . . Things you should know: they close from 2-5 on weekdays; they don't serve pizza for lunch and if I'm not mistaken, I believe they make fresh pasta on Tuesday's and Wednesday's.  . . My favorite wines: Chianti, Neprica, Aglianico . . My favorite menu items: Burrata, margherita pizza
Very good healthy food! Relaxed environment for good conversation. Had a live single singing artist acoustic musician on the patio with little friendly birds to watch. I usually don't like birds because they are dirty, and leave surprises in my soda.  These were very small and the patio was clean of any bird poop. The restaurant is a little hipster-ish, but would definitely recommend for a lunch date! 5 stars!
Great food! Great service! Cool art! Excellent service.
OMG!  Fantastic!  Delicious!  Gorgeous!  And bike-able!  Salad, wine, pizza, dessert, all way above average.  A true downtown gem.
The best pizza in phoenix. The food and atmosphere is great. Very romantic at nights for your first date trust me. And the desserts will have you wanting more at this place. Try the diavola.
Coming from out of town, I always see what people on Yelp have said about good restaurants.  This one popped pretty high on the list, so I was excited to try it.  . I was not disappointed.. Portions are generous.. Quality is superb.. Wait staff is focused on making sure you have a good dining experience.. Price is very reasonable for the quality/quantity and atmosphere.. Had the House Salad, Old Monkeyshine Nimbus beer (excellent Tuscon, AZ brew) and the ilTagliere (sampling of meats, cheeses and veggies).  Every bite was fantastic.. Their focus is pizza.  They only serve pasta a few nights, and last night was not one of them, so I'll be back to try the hand-made pasta.  I can't wait.
One of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix! The ambience is lovely and magical. Indoor seating is nice if you want that homey downtown vibe, as it is located in an old house with fun creaky floors and warm mood lighting. . . Outdoor seating is my personal favorite. I have always gone on weekend nights so there is sometimes live (but not overwhelming) music and quaint lights wrapped around the trees surrounding the tables. . . And as though the ambience wasn't enough, oh my god the food! My favorite pizza the is the diavla (spell?) which is a spicy salami pizza, and it tastes like what dreams are made of... The crust is crispy and the ingredients taste fresh! And the dessert! I HIGHLY recommend ANY crepes. They don't mess around. Fluffly and not to sweet, and always a perfect compliment to the nutella or fruit or vanilla ice cream. Honestly, they could probably put a pork chop in one of their crepes, and it would still be fantastic. Hahaha.. . Perfect date night or girls night out or a good "show your parents from out of town an awesome place" restaurant. . . Only downside? The wait... But I can't say I don't understand why there is one, and believe me... It is WORTH the wait :)
So I got married downtown at the Icehouse last month - prior to that I have to say I had actually visited downtown Phoenix zero times.  I live in Scottsdale/PV so never thought there was a reason to go "downtown".  Boy was I wrong.   . . While vetting out a location for our rehearsal dinner we dined at a few cool spots downtown, one of which was Cibo. Coming from Chicago I consider myself a pizza snob/aficionado so it takes a little bit to impress me.  I was drooling over Cibo's menu before we even arrived, and they did not disappoint.  First of all, the restaurant and patio are just freaking adorable. I had no idea Phoenix offered neighborhoods such as the one Cibo is located in. Rows of cute bungalow homes just like back home! And located in one on the corner, there is Cibo!  What a romantic, special setting.  . . On my first visit, the server was knowledgeable about the menu, ingredients, as well as the vino.  I like that they use local and organic ingredients mixed with authentic Italian items that are imported and impossible to duplicate.  We started with the Ostia salad which I am now obsessed with and have tried unsuccessfully to duplicate at home.  The chickpea dressing was so well balanced, and the crispy parsnips on top were such a creative was to add crunch.  We ordered both a red and a white pizza, because we just couldnt decide. The pizza crust was just the right mix of crunch and chew, and the toppings and cheese were fresh and flavorful.. . Ahhhhh and the Nutella Crepes. So simple yet so divine. Warm crepes stuffed with Nutella with a scoop of ice cream. Hard to find anything wrong with that.. . So midway through my 3rd glass of vino the decision was made - we were going to host our wedding rehearsal dinner here.  We asked them to show us the location, which could not have been more perfect. Private parties can be hosted in what is basically a guest house converted into a party room. It was just too cute for words, needed little decoration, and has a bar, private bathroom, and a great patio. They told us they were planning to host small weddings in the space as well.. . The service that I received with regard to our rehearsal was great. Michelle was quick to respond to my questions and I really appreciated her guidance on the menu as we had a few vegan/vegetarians in our party. . . The value of hosting our dinner there was fantastic.  Our $20/pp package included house salads, a trio of bruschetta choices, a variety of pizzas, and those Nutella crepes I had been dreaming about.   To keep costs in check we decided to serve soft drinks and a selection of a couple of beers and wines for our guests to chose from . All in all, with gratuity and drinks included the bill was around $1000 for about 30 people, which I felt was a great value. The bartender and wait staff made sure everyones waters and drinks were full, and the timing of the service was great. . . Our friends and family raved about the location and food, and had a blast enjoying the beautiful evening weather on the private patio.. . Cibo will always hold great memories of a fantastic night with friends and family, and I look forward to my next visit to this little treasure. I have yet to go to Bianco despite all I have read, but honestly would have a hard time justifying waiting in line and dealing with all the hoopla involved with dining there when I know Cibo is around the corner and well deserving of my business.
Warm and full of character, a rarity for Phoenix.   East to get in and out of.  We sat in the newly added area (server told us)  - the addition was done in a tasteful way.  Adds some needed inside space although I cannot wait to try the HUGE patio in the winter.  We were on our way to a concert at Comerica Theater, the restaurant is just a few blocks north.  Food portions were appropriate and reasonably priced.
This is currently our favorite place for date night.  I live in the north valley and don't get to downtown very often but if we have an occasion we definately go to Cibo.  My husband and I are trying to experience all the Best of Phoenix restaurants and so far this is our favorite.  . . The pizza is amazing.  My husband especially enjoys the pasta specials.   They seat us promptly and the service is top notch.  The fresh mozzarella app is amazing.  . . If only we lived closer we would go be there much more frequently.
AMAZING PLACE!!! You will never be dissatisfied!!!!!!! I can't say enough great things about this place, you have to check it out!!! WONDERFUL FOOD! REASONABLE PRICES, EXCELLENT SERVICE! GREAT PIZZA! A TRUE ITALIAN RESTAURANT! YOULL LOVE IT!
Casual atmosphere and amazing food. Very busy, even on a Thursday night, which is always a good sign.  The historic location and building were my favorite part. I can't wait to go back on a night that they serve the pasta.
Yes five stars...well done Cibo...Weather you sit at small bar, inside, or great out front patio with it's well placed heat lamps I rank it above LGO in Arcadia which says something. Nestled Into a old style house in downtown Phoenix on a neighborhood street. Had one of the salads, pizza, and their berry/chocolate crepe for desert...all of it was porn food heaven...and a definite Top Ten place in Phoenix to take a date you really like. You may want to park a few blocks away to walk off the calories or hit up the dance floor at Chars has the Blues nearby.
Let me add to the chorus of awesome.  This place sets the Neapolitan pizza standard in Phoenix (amidst quite a bit of competition).  Bianco, yeah yeah, it's good, if you've got the patience to wait and know well in advance that all the hype is more than just a wee overstated.  I've eaten at Cibo probably 50 times in the last 5 years and, without question, it is safe to say that it's better than Bianco.  Guido has established a standard of excellence and consistency with the pizzas that is beyond compare, really at any restaurant I've ever frequented.  And then you have ever-changing pastas and (in the winter) soups Tuesdays and Wednesdays?  Out of this world sandwiches, served only at lunch?  And have you HAD their breakfast?  It's all ridiculously excellent.  And stupid reasonably priced.  . . If you're in any way freaked out by the neighborhood, it says a lot more about you than it does about the 'hood.  Stay in Chandler, there's a Chili's there waiting for you, with lots of ranch dressing.  Enjoy!
Yelp has been on a roll lately, with all the best foods I've been eating, I've become a food snob. This place is nothing short of spectacular. Great outdoor seating, sitting outside right when the sun is going down in the warm breeze and eating great food. Appetizer of bread, meat and cheese, delicious and light pizza, a glass of wine and top it off with strawberry-nutella crepe = perfect meal.
Mmmmm...went for brunch on a Sunday. Relaxing live music, shady outdoor seating, great food & service. Will definitely go back!
This place is AWESOME!  Closest thing to NYC/East Coast Italian that I've seen here in the greater Phoenix/Scottsdale area for a reasonable price.  We had the meat antipasto with capicola, salami, olives, various cheeses, roasted peppers, etc. and it was fantastic.  Afterward, our group shared white and red pizzas as well as a calzone which were all delicious. The menu is somewhat limited but what they do, they do right.  The old-home atmosphere was charming-we had a private alcove for our small group. Walking by the small bar area, it reminded me of intimate restaurants in homes in CT.  We're going back when it's cooler to sit on the outdoor patio with the tree lights, misters and take in the ambience.  Oh and to top it off, our waitress was one of the best ever and that's saying ALOT.  We've dined in a few places in our lives and have a good basis for comparison...she was excellent (just which I got her name!)  If you haven't been, you have to try this place.  It's worth the trip. We went on a Monday night and were seated right away...I hear it's insanely crowded on the weekend...I know why...it's good!
First of all, I've been a Yelp lurker for years... I had an experience tonight that compels me to write.  Felt in the mood for some Cibo pizza on my home to SoPho from a downtown Phoenix client ... was guided by the awesome female bartender towards the Diavlo pizza with added ricotta (something different from my standby Margarita pizza ... she didn't steer me wrong).  As I tend to do ... stopped by on my way home with novel in hand, ordered a dry white and a pizza to go.  The serene hum of this sweet little place was broken up by a nice older, very clean, but obviously mentally challenged man.  He walked in and loudly asked what was on the menu ... wanted a loaded pizza and a beer in this upscale downtown restaurant.  The owner gave him his utmost attention and ordered him the pizza with his toppings of choice, and a beer. I'm sorry I didn't get the owner's name, but his attentiveness and kindness endeared me even more to this place.  This diverse downtown environment may scare some away ... but I just love the energy of people helping people.  Oh, and the pizza at this place is to die for!  Can't wait to try Pasta Tuesdays and Wednesdays, which I just learned about while I was waiting.
This is the BEST food I have had in Phoenix! Their margherita pizza is so delicious with big fresh basil and they use good moz and great crust. Very fluffy and soft! I also tried their strawberries and goat cheese salad, very fresh and refreshing!! Their nutella and marscopone crepe was AMAZING!!! I wanna come back here every other day! Will be back!
We took my brother out for father's day here to Cibo this Sat night.. . Our party of six had called to be put on the list and when we arrived, our table was ready for us... AND it was crowded and busy, so I'm very impressed that despite the busy evening, they were able to get our call-in table ready for us.. . There are SO many reviews, I will just give you a few tidbits that stood out to me:. - there is no chicken on the menu, so if you're going to order a salad, forget chicken.. you'll get prosciutto or sausage but no chicken... but their Omero Salad was *outstanding*.. delicious and so flavorful and great mix of textures and flavors. - place is adorable, small and intimate.. and at a 100 years old, there's no sound absorption.. my cackles were resounding... I had to purposely laugh softly (very hard for me!)... FYI. - you can do half-half pizza orders...  I tried a slice of all the 5 pizzas at our table and found them all unique, flavorful, and definitely delicious. - their Il Tagliere meat and cheese board is a fantastic appetizer idea.. burrata was outstanding and loved by all. . We would absolutely come here again!
I was brought here by someone that said this was the "best pizza in Phoenix" in her opinion. I was super impressed by the bungalow, we were seated right by a window with a nice view of the yard and downtown. We just happened to arrive as a couple was leaving, which worked out great since there were no available tables. This place fills up quick and - from what i hear - usually has a line out the door of people waiting for a table. We started off with a pear salad, which was arugala tossed with sliced pears, pecorino cheese, honey, toasted almonds and drizzled with balsamic vinaigrette. It was fresh, clean and heavenly. For the pizza we ordered the Di Notte - fontina, pecorino, gorgonzola and mozzerella cheese topped with spicy salami. It was some of the best pizza that I have ever in my life had. The light char on the bottom of the pizza (which reminded me of the exterior of a marshmallow when you hold it over a campfire) just set it off. The salty and strong mix of cheeses paired with the spiciness of the salami just made each bite explode. I can see why this place is always so busy. Just delicious!
Best date restaurant! Great atmosphere, better pizza than bianco, good wine and great desserts.
Pizzeria Bianco (bear with me here) was the first bad review i wrote on yelp. And one of the few.. . On a friend's suggestion, our faith in old-house-come-traditional-pizza-joints was restored when we came to Cibo.. . I can honestly say that I've tried every pizza, salad and antipasto on the menu and have never been less than delighted by any of it.. . Top it off with consistently good service and a great value, and Cibo has us coming back once a month if not more often.
It's taken me way too long to write about one of my all-time favorite restaurants in the Valley, Cibo. I love everything about it: the phenomenal pizza, the beautiful decor, the on-top-of-things servers and the charming neighborhood location -- it's a must-try, for sure!. . Cibo is in a historic home-turned-restaurant, with the most gorgeous twinkly light-lit patio (there are misters, so you can even sit here during the summer.) The interior is just as cute, with a small bar overlooking the open kitchen churning out perfect wood-fired pizzas. There's also an area that overlooks the backyard garden, and the rest of the inside seating is quaint and cozy -- you'll most likely be sat close to another table, so prepare to get intimate.. . The obvious menu draw here is the pizza, and they're pretty close to perfect. You can get pizzas for dinner (their lunch menu consists mostly of sandwiches and salads.) . . A single pizza alone is a huge meal for one (though I can happily finish one myself and still manage to gobble up some dessert), so consider splitting an appetizer and sharing a pie. My favorite kind to get is a simple Margherita pizza with olives added ($12.50). The dough is always my favorite consistency -- thin and soft and with crispy edges. The fresh basil is amazing -- I love it!. . Plan on having a crepe -- they're definitely a must-have if you go to Cibo. I love getting the Nutella and banana one and adding mascarpone and whipped cream to it, too ($10.50). Every bite is incredible, and it will have you coming back for more.. . The atmosphere combined with the mouthwatering food solidifies Cibo as one of my go-to restaurants. It's truly a Valley gem, and I hope it stays open forever!
Not much I can add to all the reviews already written so I'll keep this short.  . . We were looking to have lunch after going to the science museum with the kids and my handy dandy yelp app lead us here.   Loved the space! No pizza at lunch, just paninis with the same ingredients as on the pizzas. They don't have a kids menu but my kids are fine ordering from adult menus with some adaptations, of course, and our requests were honored with no problems. We all loved our sandwiches!. . We are bigfans of crepes so of course we had to have dessert.  The kids got the crepe with the vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce which they devoured. My husband and I got the crepe with nutella & mascarpone --- absolute perfection!  Do yourself a favor and get a crepe, you won't regret it!!
My favorite pizza place (thin crust) on earth hands down. Truffle oil.. mmm...
Seriously AMAZING! I hate to work something up, only to have your expectations come crashing down but this is THE best pizza I've ever had, hands down (and yes, even better than Bianco's)! The service was awesome even on an extremely busy night, the prices were reasonable and the location may be small but has so much charm to wow you off your feet. I can't wait to come back!
Hands down......  the best pizza. Rustica = best combination of flavors.
I've heard everyone talk about this place over and over, so we decided to give it a try. It was THE BEST pizza I've ever had. We ordered the white truffle pizza which was to die for! It didn't take super long to cook, and our waitress was very attentive. We had gone to Humble Pie the week before to try pizza and were not impressed, so we're happy to now have a spot where we live that we LOVE. The atmosphere is so cute and intimate with the dim lighting. Perfect date spot. And you HAVE to save room for the dessert crepes!!
So good!!! This joint and Harley's Bistro in midtown have the best pizza in the city!!
Great pizza! As good as any pizza you will get anywhere in town. Cute old house with an inviting patio when it cools off. Had a wonderful meatball sandwich at lunch (they only do pizza at night). They have delicious crepes for desert.  If you want a great meal go to Cibo.
I have been eating at Cibo for about 5 years now and had not been to Pizzeria Bianco until yesterday. I have been dying to participate in the Cibo vs Bianco challenge but the long wait at Bianco rarely fit into my schedule. That is, until my friend and I were able to stop in for lunch on a weekday when there was no wait.... . The verdict? CIBO WINS!. . Better menu, much bigger selection of pizzas, salads, and antipasti. Better prices (Bianco's pizzas are either $13 or $16, Cibo has many more choices ranging from $10.50 to $16.50 but most of their option avg. $14). Cibo offers a fantastic variety of pizza toppings.. . The food at Cibo has never let me down. I have tried a number of things on the menu and it makes ordering very difficult these days because EVERYTHING IS DELICIOUS!! But, if I had to create an All-Star Meal it would be as follows:. . Pesto Salad (or Pear Salad; dammit, this is already tough). Antipasto Speciale (meat, cheese, olives, roasted peppers...and I remember these balsamic onions that I can't get enough of). Salsiccia (the BEST sausage pizza). Nutella and banana crepe (enough said). . This meal would feed 3 people, EASY!! My husband and I typically order two pizzas and a salad and still have a couple of pieces to take home.. . I should also mention that we got married at Cibo almost two years ago. The food and service was impeccable that day (as always). Prepare to be impressed.
I absolutely love this place!  I've had my birthday here twice in the last 5 years, and they have been able to accommodate large groups (up to 20s).  Their patio is super cute and great in the fall and spring time.  My favorite pizza is the Di Notte.  Cute atmosphere combined with good food = one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  Worth the drive to downtown!
Went here for dinner with a couple girl friends and it was amazing! They were a little busy but we weren't in any rush. Great pizza and drinks, very romantic cozy area
My family and I went here for my birthday last night. Last year we went to Pomo Pizzeria and I wanted to go to another gourmet pizzeria. One bite into my Rustica pizza and I nearly died. The crust...so thin and soft! The cheese...so meltyl! The proscuitto....so salty and perfect!! 6 of us split 2 pesto salads (delicious), and 3 pizzas: the Rustica, Salsiccia and Margherita. The Rustica was my favorite, followed by the Margherita then Salsiccia. The cheese was just so....authentic. The service was delightful. When we arrived, I told them we had 6 people, and I am obviously very pregnant, so the owner was incredibly polite in making sure I was comfortable with where we were sitting and I was cool enough and everything. My only disappointment was that I didn't get any acknowledgement that it was my birthday, but oh well. That's the worst of it. Overall, it was delightful...and I'm looking forward to having a leftover slice of pie right now!!
AMAZING! This little gem is hidden away just outside downtown phoenix! It is a small little restaurant being run out of what looks like it used to be a small house. They menu offers a variety of flavor combinations that one would never think of when cooking at home.. . The service staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. They have great suggestions and offer explanations of the ingredients in English. . . The moscato de asti is WONDERFUL. It is so sweet and goes so well with any meal. It is very reasonably priced and is more cost efficient when ordered by the bottle.. . Be adventurous, try something new, DONT ASK FOR RANCH and make sure you order the nutella and banana crepe for dessert!
Cibo's is easily the best pizza place in the city of Phoenix and probably in my top two overall for the valley of the sun (the other is in downtown glendale.) Great food, great wine and an amazing atmosphere, what else could you ask for? Come at the right time of the evening when the white patio x-mas lights are on and you'll swear your an extra in some cheesy romance movie and you just can't see the cameras. Winters are even better when the fire pit is roaring. . . See the other reviews for how amazing the pizza is, i can't say anything more then what's been already said. Haven't tried Cibo's yet? what are you waiting for, get down there. You won't regret it
Everything I've had here is great.  Excellent pizza, excellent antipasti, excellent salads, excellent desserts.
First time .very impressed .even for fast lunch ,or lunch meeting. I had both .. Nice and clean . Thanks for a nice lunch .
When my husband and I were looking for a place to host our casual rehearsal dinner in May, we knew we wanted to take our small wedding party to one of our favorite local spots. Cibo came to mind, and we discovered their wonderful, private carriage house. . . It's located right behind the restaurant, and it's perfect for groups of 30 or less. It's everything you love about Cibo--delicious food, attentive service and cute ambiance. Inside, the Carriage House features exposed brick walls, wine racks, a cool bar and art created by local artists. Outside, there's a private patio with string lighting, cozy seating and a fire pit. Oh, and there's a private bathroom, too. . . Michelle at Cibo helped us coordinate the evening, and she was super helpful. We chose a menu that featured an antipasti, a couple of delicious pizzas of our choice, and a sweet nutella crepe for desert. The food, of course, was amazing, and the service was even better. We had a dedicated bartender/server for our group of 20. She was awesome, and made sure our wine glasses were never empty, which was critical for our group of lushes. . . The cost was also really reasonable. There was a fee of $50 to reserve the private carriage house, and the cost per person was a steal. The in-laws were hosting the dinner, so I don't know the exact price, but I think the food was around $25-30/pp, excluding beer and wine. . . If you're looking for a casual place to hold your next private event, I highly encourage you to check out Cibo's carriage house. So, so awesome.
You know how you have high expectations of a place. You've even been, but the wait was too long for you at the time. The reviews are off the wall and all your friends love it...but then...you go and are disappointed???. . THIS IS SO NOT THE CASE. Cibo was a start for our fabulous evening downtown on my farewelll Phoenix tour (LOL!). We had dinner here before the Madonna concert and it was Fanfreakintastic! . . The place was humming with regulars and plenty of Madonna fans. Weather was perfect for al fresco dining. We sat comfortably at a table in back with impeccable service by a new server named Kim. She rocked our meats and cheeses. . . Literally. We ordered the appetizer of meat, cheeses, nuts and fruit. For $19 it was really a steal and fed us four Madonna fans well. The homemade mozzeralla was TDF...the proscuitto, bread, olives, goat cheese, grilled veggies...MOUTHGASM!. . Of course we had to have a pizza and the Margherita pizza sang to us!!! Crust was perfection, pillowy and crunchy with the soft cheese, tangy sauce and fresh basil. . . We were indeed doing the happy food dance. Which was a great excercise as we danced our tails off several hours later. So the food was much needed fuel. . . Ambience was as charming as everyone has mentioned. . . Cibo. First date. I will squeeze in another if you'll have me. Maybe I'll even kiss you good night and good bye!
So, I have yet to make it to Pizzaria Bianco and now that I have been to Cibo - don't think I ever will!!!. . It was fabulous!   It was girls night out and we ended up at Cibo for dinner.    we arrived around 5:45pm on Saturday and were immediately sat outside on the patio.  the weather was perfect - the ambiance was perfect - it was love at first site.. . Our waiter, James came over and immediately we could tell he enjoyed his job and his love of the menu.  He had lots of suggestions and  we ended up with the following:. . Arancini (fried stuffed rice balls) - to die for!. Burrata. Pear Salad. Cappricciosa pizza. fried dough balls with nutella. Nutella and mascarpone crepe. . Wow - to say we left happy is an understatement.   Sorry P Bianco - we will never make and acquaintance - my heart and stomach belong to Cibo!
My first choice for pizza and bruschetta! And holy moly, their Nutella crepes for dessert will blow your mind.
My sister and I came to visit my cousin in Phoenix. We came in with no dining expectations.. . Our first meal was at Cibo, and it far exceeded our expectations.. . First of all, dining al fresco in Phoenix is a "thing." A lot of restaurants have outdoor seating, and especially on nice, warm nights, it really adds to the overall dining experience. The ambiance at Cibo is amazing. There are lights strung in the patio, with the lowkey sounds of a live band in the background.  We were fortunate enough to be blessed with a nice, warm, May evening, so everything really worked in our favor.. . The pizza at Cibo is amazing. Amazing. I can't emphasize that enough. We ordered the pizze rosse diavola (tomato sauce, mozzarella, spicy salami and ricotta) and thepizze bianche tartufata (mozzarella, prosciutto crudo, white mushrooms and a drizzle of white truffle oil). Both were delicious- savory, and packed full of flavor with every bite.. . I'd come back to dreary Phoenix just to have another slice of one of these pizzas.
How can I not have written a review about one my DT Phx staples!!!!??? . . Eat here! Order pizza. Probably my favourite in town. They will make it however you like. The crust is always thin and light and topped with fresh veggies, smothered in melty artisan cheeses... . . Excuse me while I sop up the drool pooling around my keyboard. . . Try the specials. Pasta is cooked just right and topped and seasoned with delicious, hearty sauces. Plates are always big enough to share. Great date spot!!. . Never leave without desert please! Can you say Nutella crepe!?!?!? . . Not to mention the meal complementing selection of spirits... . . Cibo, I love you. My life would not be complete without you. My favourite place to have a bite with my tiny, bring new friends, ladies night, or any other excuse I can muster.
OK, my girlfriend and i were wanting to eat some Italian food, as she had just flown in from Chicago and the place that we really like has closed. Once we figured out that it was closed and got over the fact that we were going to miss eating there, we got on "Yelp" and started looking for an alternative. I also have a POI in my car that will give you names and locations or places close to where you are, between the two devices the place that both suggested was a place called "Cibo".. . We live downtown and we thought, "What the hell, it's close to the house and we haven't been there". The only prerequisite that my girlfriend gave me was "NO Pizza's",as  she had just gotten back from Chicago and had pizza the night before. We get to this place and we had driven by it a million times, great patio and just packed on a Friday Night. We went in and decided to just eat at the bar since the wait was so long, she went to wash her hands and I took a look at the menu, 100% Pizza. By the way, she is Gluten Free, so I'm thinking were out of here and back to our search. Well the bartender comes up and we tell her our dilemma, she explains that they have the best "Gluten Free Pizza in the World". She just so happened to be "Gluten Free" also. So we decided let's go for it.. . I am half Italian and was raised with Pizza, it was left overs on a pie crust., my grandfather put everything in the fridge on his Pizza. I'm not a big fan of Pizza for that reason, i still think of it as a way to get rid of leftovers.. . Simply the best Pizza i have ever had in my life, "Gluten Free" or otherwise. This place is a gem and we will be spending a lot of time at this place moving forward. All weekend all we could think about was how good the Pizza was on Friday.. . Go there if you haven't and you will love the atmosphere and especially the Pizza. If your "Gluten Free" it's a bonus because your in for a treat. I have found my only Pizza place from this moment forward. I will not go out to eat Pizza unless it is at Cibo's. I just can't even tell you how great it is, you will have to just try it yourself. . . I Love Me Some Cibo...
Always SO SO good! It only took me six or seven years, but I finally ate there on a pasta night and it was just as awesome as I expected! . . Favorite place to eat for all occasions, and for any meal- especially brunch, which I could eat for every meal if possible.
Oh god, the crepes!! And everything else is wonderful, too! The patio is fantastic this time of year and they are very dog friendly :)
Delicious!
had a meal for eight of us on a tuesday eve service was great' food was fantastic price was reasonable will go again
Amazing place. Food is good, waiter was more than helpfull.. The place has a perfect atmosphere..
Keeping this short and sweet. Some of the best Pizza you can have in the U.S.A. Simply amazing. Go for the Margharita!! Just Go,Go, Go! You will NOT regret it.
Love this place. Met up with a good friend for Happy Hour here. I actually enjoy coming here by myself from time to time and people watch from the bar. There's always somethin' on their wine list to accommodate Love their pizzas and salads. A restaurant that knows how to tease me properlywith Nutella as an ingredient will always receive high praise from me! Decor and setting is perfect for friends and family -- If wear permits and is ideal, I highly recommend dining out on their patio. Can't say anything negative about this place.
Let me make your life real easy here.  When you get lucky later, you can thank me. =). . First, start off  with the Il Tagliere - Antipasto, meat, cheese and fruit board.  Or the mixed vegetables.  mmm.  Course 1 = success.. . Then move on to the Caprese Salad - So fresh!   The smell itself is intoxicating.  Course 2 = winner. . . Pizza time! . . From the Pizza Bianche: Siena - mozzarella and zucchini, topped with spek and. pecorino cheese.    ahhh!  the cheese, the crunch of the zucchini.  Spek (or hold this if you aren't a fan of spek, i like it both ways).    Course 3 =  Ding Ding! . . From the Pizza Rosse: Diavola - tomato sauce, mozzarella and. spicy salame.   You simply can't go wrong here.  . . Don't forget dessert! . Crepe -  I suggest the Fresca, but you really can't go wrong with any crepe on the menu.   Course 4 = Heavenly. . They have a great wine selection.  I suggest the 1/2 bottle of Moscato d' Asti if you like wines of a sweeter, bubbly nature.  . . Be prepared to fall in love.  The food, the atmosphere, great service.... this is a great little house-turned-restaurant in Central Phoenix.  It was built in the early 1900s and they have done a wonderful job with the decor.  Sitting out on the patio under the sparkling white lights in the trees is a great way to add a little magic to your date night.  If you take your special someone out for dinner here, I promise that your lucky night will end just the way you hope...  Ladies and Gentlemen...you are welcome.  hehe ;-)
Great Pizza. Worth the wait. Would come back again.
Romantic, quaint, amazing! We were referred here by a couple of long time Phoenix locals, and we were so happy we took their advice. We ordered a white pizza, a anti-pasta appetizer, and bottle of Chianti. We were able to get a table outside and loved the atmosphere! Perfect date spot...
Lunch at Cibo. We sat outside on a cool early December day and I must say that CIBO has the best atmosphere of any outside dining establishment in downtown phoenix. The pizza isn't as good as Pizzaria Bianco (PB)but I'm more likely to return to Cibo over PB due to the outside atmosphere. If you want to skip the pizza go for it, but DON'T skip the Nutella Crepe. Service was on the slow side, but I would say normal for any restaurant serving tables outside. I think it stems from how far the servers have to go from the kitchen and bar to outside. I will return.
one of the valley's top places to take a date!
It's just like pizza bianco without the wait. This pizza is a 9.9999 and bianco is a 10. This place has a much larger menu and their deserts are to die for. . . If bianco has more then a 30 min wait just drive and or walk here.
Best pizza of my entire life.   No pizza on Sunday though...
Love! . . Cibo is a place I have been wanting to go to for ages, and after getting lost and missing an event downtown, I decided to treat myself to dinner here. It was a nice night and the patio was poppin', but I decided to sit inside. I had their dessert blossom tea and decided on the diavola pizza. It was really good, one of the top pizzas I've had. I was in a rush but decided to get the banana nutella crepe which was a delicious mistake. Service was good. There was a mistake on my bill but the staff worked to quickly fix it. No doubt I'll be back.
Another great experience at Cibo. Our party of four was seated right away, with an attentive (but by no means annoying) server. The food was great, as usual. If you're going with a group, do yourself a favor and check out the menus ahead of time if you're planning on sharing any of the pizzas. We would have been able to order much faster if we hadn't argued for so long over which of the pizzas to get. We ended up agreeing on the quattro... whatever is Italian for cheese probably - and the red pizza with sausage. The 4 cheese white pizza is delicious, but very rich. I'd probably get a lighter one to go with it next time. Their pizza with arugula and walnuts perhaps (La Noce maybe? I can't remember all the actual pizza names). . . On an interesting side note, a friend of mine chose to brave the line at Pizzeria Bianco last night, and wound up wishing he had gone to Cibo instead. Advantage Cibo!!
Fantastic pizza! Authentic flavors straight from Italy!
Cibo is the CUTEST eatery I have ever been to in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. . . My boyfriend and I happened to be in the area, and turned to our trusty pal Yelp for some assistance. With four and a half stars and over 500 reviews, this place definitely caught our attention. . . Located just minutes away from Downtown Phoenix, we were almost deterred away when we found Cibo located next to residential properties. But when we walked in, we were definitely down. It looks like a little tucked away cottage, something you wouldn't find next to the city. . . The place is literally built in a refurbished little home. We walked in and were seated immediately. The menu was a tad difficult to understand, but wasn't that much of a deterrent, as we used yelp photos as our guide. . . My only complaint is that they don't serve pizza until 5 p.m., but that wasn't really a big deal, as we made choices on the menu regardless. . . I got the cous cous salad and the boyfriend got the meatball sandwich with chips. . Cous Cous salad came with fresh spring mix lettuce, diced grape tomatoes, pine nuts, cous cous, onions, and some other ingredients, and was dressed in a light lemon dressing. The dressing really was refreshing and light, but the salad itself was super filling and extremely flavorful! I would recommend it! . . The meatball sandwich was really delicious as well. The meatballs seemed authentic and fresh, and it came with melted cheese and warm marinara sauce in between the crispy, yummy bread. . . The bread that they served on the side of the entrees wasn't bad at all-- but it was served cold, which wasn't very appetizing, so I only ate one piece. . . Service is friendly and helpful, and unique. I like places that allow their employees to dress how they wish. It adds a homey flare to the restaurant. . . We definitely need to return for dinner on their cozy little patio! When I'm in the Downtown area again, I'll make sure to stop by at Cibo
This place is awesome!!! A real hidden gem. I love the great variety of the menu. Went for a freinds birthday dinner, the 3 pair bruschetta was so good every one of the 3 different toppings were excellent. For dinner I had the pomodoro fresco... Amazing! The wait staff was very nice and helpful. Recommend this place to anyone perfect for parties, date nights, casual meeting with friends.
The food was soooo good. We got a pizza and a sandwich. The pizza was so delicious I ate almost the whole thing myself. After that we got a crape with nutela. This is a must get. Definitely going here again.
Delicious!
One of my favorite DT PHX joints... EVER. I've been here several times and have always had an amazing experience. Cute place, friendly staff, quick service, excellent food... I mean, I couldn't possibly ask for anything more. . . The first thing you need to do is get the Burrata as an app... holy COW it's creamy, yummy amazingness on a plate. Funghi pizza is one of my faves. The Capricciosa pizza is also delicious. Okay before I remake the entire pizza menu... they're all amazing, it just depends on what you're in the mood for. When we visit here for birthdays or other special occasions that are deserving of dessert, we always get one of the crepes that have Nutella and other fun stuff in them so make sure you get one!. . They have pasta night on Tuesdays and all of them I've had in the past have been great. Each Tuesday they feature two different pasta dishes, and it varies week to week. They have a great selection of wine and are great at suggesting a certain type you'll enjoy. . . They also serve brunch and lunch. I haven't been to either but plan to head there for brunch soon! :)
They say Chris Bianco has the best Pizza in town. This place is better, but without the wait and cheaper bottles of wine. . . I finally became tired of waiting in the line at Bianco's Pizza for hours on end, and wound up at this amazing pizza joint. It's a restored 1913 bungalow on the corner of 5th Avenue and Fillmore with outdoor seating in the cozy front yard; it even has a fireplace to relax if there happens to be a short dinner rush. . . I have been coming here with friends for a few years now; it is consistently delectable artesian pizza. I believe the chef is from Naples. It is very close to most pizza joints in that region of Italy. Some of my favorites, in this order, are: the Rustica, Tricolore, and Capricciosa pizzas. The balsamic onions are great on some pizzas too for an additional charge. . . Hands down, the best thing and reason for coming here, is the Burrata appetizer. Average meal is around $17-25, add a $30 bottle of wine and split costs with friends.. . . Mon : 11am - 2pm / 5pm - 9pm. Tue - Thurs : 11am - 2pm / 5pm - 10pm. Fri : 11am - 2pm / 5pm - 11pm. Sat :11am - 11pm - pizzas all day . (brunch from 11am-2pm). Sun : 9am - 2pm
my absolute favorite pizza i have ever had ever. so great!
we are repeat Cibo goers especially on Tuesdays when they have pasta specials.  Everything this place does is the bomb.   The cheese plate they did last time we were there was amazing.  This is a cool Romantic setting type of place, but last time we brought out 1 year old and it is family friendly too.  We just wish it was closer!  We live in Gilbert so it is a bit of a drive, but WELL worth it.  The crepe Suzette is amazing if you like marmalade.
Planned a visit back to the Valley and Cibo was my first stop after getting off the plane. The atmosphere was the first thing that impressed me. You walk up to the beautifully lit and cozily warmed outdoor seating space and either wait or get your table. We had a 5 minute wait. Not bad for a Friday night. We shared a bottle of the wine on special and ordered the Il Tagliere to share. This app is highly recommended. It was my favorite part of the meal. A wooden charcuterie board was placed in front of us filled with cured meats, olives, cheese, artichokes, walnuts, and apple. Perfect! . . I also ordered the Siena pizza. I was generally satisfied with the flavor of the crust, cheese, and toppings, however, they added the large slices of spek and zucchini after cutting the pizza which made it difficult to maneuver. Cibo is a winner. I'd be back.
I've been trying to perfect the neapolitan pizza on my own time, so when I first went here, I of course went for the Margherita... Of course I have since tried many of their pies, but I want to focus on the most pristine of their pies, as if you don't have that nailed, you have nothing.. . Component wise this pizza was top notch.  The crust was leopard spotted, perfect hydration for their oven, salted cornichone... Just perfect.. . The sauce was excellent.  Not sweet, fresh, tangy, bomb.. . Their mozzarella is milky goodness, and they throw the fresh bail on last after it's cooked. Magnifico!. . People go around talking about their favorite pizza spots and it always boils down to some certain pizza configuration; however, a true pizza person must see through this fluff in order to see the true greatness.. . Cibo has the right oven, the right temperature, the right wood, the right bakers ratios in use on their dough, fresh ingredients, and elegant flavors.  Don't get fooled into this pie or that.  Get into perfection.  Get into Cibo.
Came here with my boyfriend on valentines day after I read a review that said to skip the wait at Pizzeria Bianco (where we were originally going) and come here instead.  I am SO glad that we did!!! Our waiter James was absolutely amazing - very attentive, and knows a lot about the menu - you can tell he is very passionate about this restaurant and likes his job.  We ordered Bruschetta for our starter and it was absolutely amazing.  I don't even like tomatos and I couldn't get enough of their bruschetta board.  We then split a pizza as you can order half and half - I ordered their Trufeta (splg?) pizza - it has truffle oil - and is absolutely to die for!  We finished the night with a strawberry nutella crepe also very delicious.  We talked about this restaurant, the great service, the great food, and the great ambience for the rest of the night; and then took our friends there the following week.  Wish I lived closer I would go every day if I could.  Definitely skip the wait at Pizzeria Bianco and come here instead, the atmosphere is cozier, the wait staff is friendlier, and I think the pizza is way better!
First of all, I have to say for all those comparing it to Bianco what a compliment right off the start for this place.  Being compared to a place that was I believe voted the best Pizza in the USA by USA today (I think) should right away tell you something about this place.  I am not going to compare the two as both are fantastic places with excellent food.  If I had a last meal and one of these two were served I would not die unsatisfied!. . So after about a year of trying to find the right time to go there my wife, 9 year old daughter and myself along with a few friends, we made it to Cibo last eve for dinner.  We goti there at 5:45 pm on a Saturday night, thankfully had reservations and sat right down.  First impressions, am I back east at a great eatery.  The ambiance being downtown outside was just fantastic, something I have not experienced here in Phoenix since moving here in the mid 90's.  Very old world, loved it!. . We started with two appetizers, the meat plate with cheese, some grilled veggies and some fruit and the eve's special the fried rice and cheese balls with marinara sauce.  Both were spot on, delicious and loved by all at the table.. . Onto the pizza's, what more can you say than spectacular.  My daughter and her friend had the margarita pizza with no basil, my wife the spicy salami red pizza, they all raved and devoured theirs quickly.  Myself I wanted to try two pizzas and was amazed that at a place with individual pizza's like this you can get 1/2 and 1/2.  What a treat and beyond what I expected at a artisan pizza place like this.  So I LOVE white pizza and went  with one half of the potato and sausage pie and 1/2 of the 4 cheese and spicy salami pie.  WOW is all I can say.  Now the sausage and potato half was very good, but it did not even compare to the 4 cheese and spicy salami.  The cheese on that side had great flavor, salt and spice, I sadly shared one (yes only 1) slice of the pie with the rest of the table and the reaction was the same.  Why didn't I order that?  If you like cheese, salt and spice, this is the pie for you!. . All that food and yep we still had to try dessert.  My daughter LOVES nutella and they have about 4 or 5 crepes with nutella in them.  She and her friend went with the nutella, strawberry, banana and chocolate crepe with vanilla ice cream on top.  DELISH.  Glad they were kind of full after 1/2 way thru it as the rest of the adults at the table gladly finished it off.  . . The adults went with the Fresco dessert, crepes with fresh fruit and whipped cream on top.  It was also fantastic (but next time I would go Nutella), very light and a perfect ending to a great dinner.. . Its quite a drive from my house in S.E. Chandler to this place, thankfully we had an event downtown.  Would I make this trip for dinner with the wife on a weekend eve, without a doubt worth it.  Would I make sure to go there next time I am downtown for anything.  Heck yes!  This is just the kind of place that I love.  Great food, great atmosphere.  One of the most enjoyable dining experiences I have had in Phoenix.
The place is always packed.  The ambiance is perfect.  We do take out a lot from there, but it's really hard to get in and out of because they are SO busy!. . Our favorite pizza is the Capricciosa.  We've had their Calzone but it's not as good.  Maybe someday, we'll try some other items, but for now, we know and love their pizza!
Great pizza. Great atmosphere. Very good service. Awesome dessert too! Highly recommend the chocolate Nutella crapes!
What a cute place. It's a wood fired pizza restaurant in the middle of a residential neighborhood, really random!. . The pizza was very good, a lot better than the huge waits at Pizzeria Bianca.  I have never had their pizza so I can't compare, but this is really good pizza with no wait. Saturday at 5 pm, walked right in and got to sit outside.  I haven't seen the inside so I have no idea what it is like in there, but outside is really nice, the birds even walk right up to the table and then fly away.. . They have "root beer" it's not root beer, it's sarsaparilla marked root beer, it was one of the best sarsaparilla's i've had though but I would not really have it again as I prefer real root beer.. . The salsicca and genova pizzas were both great.  Salsicca was salami and cheese and the Genova was cheese and some dark greens.  Both were really good tasting and not burnt.. . I also had the Cioccolino which is a thick chocolate liquer shot.  It was strong but pretty good, but super thick, almost too thick.. . I must say it's hard to find normal pizzas here, which speaks to the authenticity, but be careful if you bring picky eaters.
This place, hands-down, has THE BEST GF pizza!! The decor and atmosphere are more than enough reason to come, but the food...you'll never want to leave.
Visiting from out of town, I YELPED and found this little gem of a restaurant.  Delicious, fast, great staff.  The ice tea is perfect!  Loved.
It's not often when you have high expectations for a first time visit , and the staff and food EXCEEDED those expectations  from Karen , Melissa and the friendly bartender and !  Try the white pizza with salami - ( DiNotte ) out of this world , great salads - all fresh ingredients!!
The place was packed and with good reason: just had the best pizza ever! Love the variety of people that come here, it's a colorful mix of shorts and flip flops & Sunday best.
Delicious.  They have this multi-cheese pizza (3? 4?) don't quite remember - but it was fantastic.  Only problem is that the place can get crowded and loud.  Tables are really close together.  Wish they offered takeout, but in the meantime, I'll keep heading over for their homemade mozzarella.  Husband loves it too.  I hear they have a fantastic wine selection as well, but I don't drink so I can't review that specifically.
I picked up a friend from the Airport and came across this cute little patio/restaurant while driving around downtown Phoenix. When we were seated, we enjoyed the warm sunshine and live music they were providing on s Sunday afternoon. I ordered the Porcellino sandwich: homemade  BBQ pork with fontina cheese. The service was awesome and kept our ice teas filled up at all times. A little history on this place: Set in a restored 1913 bungalow, Cibo (pronounced "CHEE-boh") has hardwood floors, exposed brick, a stained-glass panel and a fireplace to set the mood while revitalizing the downtown Phoenix area with beautiful salads, antipasto, artisanal pizzas and housemade fresh pasta.
Wow! I'm really glad I came here tonight! I've heard lots of good things about this place and finally came here for dinner tonight. What a treat!  It turned out to be a really positive experience, and I had a good time.. . My friend and I were seated right away and we decided to sit inside instead of on the patio. Neither of us had been here before, but since it seems to be a popular joint, and we had an idea of what to expect.  The place is an old house turned restaurant, and its really well decorated.  Nothing over done, but done just right.. . Our server was real a real cute guy, and he told us all about the menu.  If you want to get one pizza and do half and half, you can do that.  They also have a great wine and alcohol menu as well, and I wish I would have ordered something to go with my pizza.. . I went with the dovita pizza, which came with cheese and salame.  Tasty!  My friend got a half and half pizza, but I can't remember which one.  Food was all around good, and service was awesome.. . I would love to return in the future as it was a really wonderful experience.  I love you Cibo!!
I can't think of a better place to enjoy a glass of wine and an amazing antipasto or calzone. This place has probably one of the best patios in Phoenix and the coolest part is that it is an old historical district house that was transformed into a mom and pop style italian kitchen. I have tried quite a few things on their menu from the burrata and proscuitto to multiple different pizzas and they have managed to walk away unscathed and for that, the patio, the service, and ambiance I think they deserve 5 stars.
I was visiting Phoenix and met up with an old friend at Cibo. When I was driving down the street I was a bit concerned that my GPS had led me astray since I was driving past houses all the way up until I saw the restaurant. The unassuming location made me feel like we had found this hidden spot only the lucky few knew about. The service was spectacular. Our waiter was attentive, water glasses were always filled (much appreciated since I was not used to AZ heat), and we felt welcomed. The waiter gave us some much needed guidance with the menu since everything listed sounded unique and amazing. I decided to go with a pizza that had potatoes on it and was thrilled with my decision. Both of our pizzas were delicious and we enjoyed some suggested wine.. .  I thought the meal couldn't get any better... but then we ordered the nutella and banana crepe. Seriously it was one of the best crepes I have ever had. We sat outside and the atmosphere was charming and inviting. I felt as though I was sitting in my own garden or backyard. They have twinkle lights in the trees and you feel like you should be on a movie set. Next time I am in Phoenix Cibo will be my first stop!
If you are looking for the urban feel and wonderfull pizza look no further! Cibos setting couldnt be any better, in a vintage house on an historical street and touches of detail everywhere it instantly puts you in a great mood. And the FOOD! . . Try anything and you will not be dissappointed but if you want to be pushed over your culinary edge......desert crepe's!
relaxed atmosphere.  great brunch!
I think that if you come here with a large group, the wait is longer, but I came here with only one other person, and we were seated right away. However, we sat inside and wished we could have experienced the lovely outside ambience. Next time. The two of us shared a pizza and it was perfect! One of the best pizzas I have ever had, and I would consider myself to be a pizza lover. I would now like to try Pizzeria Bianco so I can compare the two.
I visited Cibo for a Iight, late dinner and was pleasantly surprised by the fresh food and beautiful patio.  The desert night sky looked lovely while I enjoyed the house salad and antipasti plate!  I hope to bring my family next time we are in Phoenix.
If there were 6 stars I would give them all. Everything was great including the casual, outdoor seating. Our server was very friendly and took great care of us. From the start we liked him as he knew his menu and was able to recommend, wines, appetizers, and entrees. When the kitchen let him know they couldn't prepare one of the pizzas we ordered he immediately suggested one he thought would be comparable and he was right. Everything was delicious! Will definitely be back the next time I'm in Phoenix.
Delicious pizza! Definitely a wait at dinner time, even on weekdays though. Waited about half hour after arriving at 7 on a Thursday. But 100% worth the wait.
Cool dining spot among trees and an old Phx. neighborhood. The food and service were good and the Pizza was great. The wine was decent and the prices were very reasonable. Small lights were lighting the tree branches and giving a different vibe than most places in town. Nice, weve been there a few times and will be back
What a very pleasant surprise.  This is a converted house in the middle of a quiet residential neighborhood turned into a pizza place.  Tables are scattered inside and on the front patio, where there were beautiful white lights and live music.  Red sauce pizza was fantastic!!
I love their Burrata cheese, it is to die for, and of course their pizza's are amazing! Nice patio seating is a plus, and it's not too hard to find good parking in the area.
Di Notte - fontina, pecorino, gorgonzola, mozzarella and spicy salame  . . One of my top 5 pizzas of all time...and I've had it many times...doesn't dissapoint.
GREAT Experience! I went with a group of 5 during dinner on a weeknight. We were promptly seated, service was friendly, and the prices are competitive. The atmosphere is very cozy and quaint. The calzones are HUGE. I ordered one for myself, and it could easily feed two people. The pizza and cappuccino are also delicious. My friend is full-blooded second generation Italian, and she said this was as close to authentic as it gets! . Overall, it was a wonderful experience!
delicious!!
The eggplant parm sandwich is amazing!
Been here a few times. The most recent time we decided to have a group of 10-12 for dinner and they were pretty busy. Despite that the food was quick and service was pleasant. Great selection of beers and the pizza was great (we tried a significant portion of the menu). Definitely worth checking out and reasonably priced.
Diavola. I'm pretty sure this was the best pizza I've ever had in my life. I was not expecting to think that while shoving hot slivers of flavorful dough, just enough mozz, and spicy pepperoni while just trying to catch a bite on my road trip up to Page. The Capri salad was also refreshing with pesto dressing and pine nuts. Super fantastic place. The outdoor seating looks quite heavenly as well.
My favorite pizza in Phoenix!
Having been to Naples, I must say that the food at Cibo's is very delicious.  The trouble with Americans is that they are used to all the sauce, all the topings and it isn't that way in Italy.  The point of pizza is to be able to taste each individual ingrediate and you do at Cibo's.  The brick oven preparation of the crust and all of the breads used for sandwiches is by far the best I have tasted.  I highly recommend Cibo's for the food, the ambiance and the service.
Loved it. Great pizza and fun place. Will go back when back in town.
Great place! Sunday brunch is always enjoyable, sitting on the patio, under the tree. Everything is shareable (which is nice to try a few things). Have been going for years
Haven't even been inside this place yet, but we moved to the Encanto area and with nothing in our fridge opted to order some pizza. Thinking it would take a while we called ahead to order take out, and they said it'd be ready in 10 minutes! Amazing for a place that I've heard so much about and figured would have a long wait.. . The menu has some delish choices and the Tartufata pizza bianche is beyond amazing. As a picky pizza eater, this is now my new favorite place - and one that my fiance now prefers over the likes of Bianco's. . . A MUST try if you haven't been.
Well, I have been to Cibo several times and I don't think a month goes by that I don't get the craving and desire to drive 40 miles just to taste the food and enjoy the awesome atmosphere at this restaurant!  Truly deserving of the 5 stars!  Very reasonable prices, excellent food and just the best way to experience what a great restaurant should be.
I agree with the other Yelpers...skip the insane 2 hour wait at Pizzaria Bianco. The pie here is equally delicious (if not better)! . . Cibo offers the perfect crispy/chewy crust with simple, fresh toppings. . . Fantastico!
This place is fantastic! Great place to meet friends and the sandwiches are great too!
Lovely restaurant with great outdoor seating. I am addicted tothe meatball sandwich!
Excellent wood-fired pizza in a cozy (crowded) setting that used to be a house. Have some time to spend, but worthwhile if you do.
I loved this spot. Great food and atmosphere!
Love this place.
My favorite pizza in the State of AZ!
Had a nice dinner here with my Girlfriend in our one month anniversary... I really liked the experience... Great food and great Service. Parking was a bit of a hassle but it was fine. Definitely recommend this place :)
Its official - my favorite pizza place in Phoenix!  Sometimes it can use a little more cheese, but overall I consistently like all the pizzas I've tried.  Salads are pretty good as well.  Even with the price tag I will return time and again.  Also the fresca crepe dessert is a must try!
We 100% loved our dinner at Cibo. The pizzas were fantastic, and the limoncello was to die for. And while the recommended appetizer was pretty bland (risotto and mozzarella balls), everything else was just delicious. I would go back there for dinner in a heartbeat.
Oh my gosh - the best Gluten free pizza ever I am in heaven!! I didn't think that I would survive this wheat allergy but now I have hope!!! The Pizza was crisp and chewy and amazing - I can't wait to try all of the flavors and they even told me that they would make one that was bruschetta - that was poetry to my wheat deprived mind!! Thank you so much!!
Best authentic Italian style pizza in town! Absolutley love the food. Long wait, but well worth it. Go knowing you are going to spend some time waiting and grab a drink. You wont regret it!
Ambiance, service, deliciousness. One of the few places I will eat gluten and dairy for. To die for. Light, quality, amazing.
This place is, as the five stars suggests, as good as it gets.. . If you are looking for a nice romantic dinner, Cibo offers it all. . . Great food and drinks, great location, and great atmosphere.
A few girls from work suggested we eat at Cibos for lunch. I was a bit hesitant because I am not crazy about Italian food. But, after eating at Cibos I wanted to live there. I wanted to eat everything and proclaim of its awesomeness to the world. Instead, I decided to write a great review.. Great selection for lunch, quick service and the taste was out of this world. I tried a Salsiccia sandwich and angels sang when I started eating. Or maybe that was me...because it was AWESOME!!!. I will be frequenting this place all the time. I may just try to live there....it is that good!
Cibo has been one of my staples and I go fairly frequently, and have for years. I love all of their salads, pizzas sandwiches, the burrata and of course, the crepes. Yum. Double yum. They have a nice wine list, the ambiance is great, and service is great. Brunch is amazing too. The only thing I've ever been disappointed in is that a month ago, i went for lunch and got a pizza.. definitely wasn't of the same caliber as the dinner pizzas. I will stick with 'za and dinner and enjoy their amazing sandwiches for lunch.
I know Cibo doesn't need another 5 star review but they've been a favorite for years now and I wanted to share the love!. . We've been with big groups, for date nights and everything in between and have always had a wonderful experience.  There is the occasional uber hipster server that feels the need to correct your pronunciation of "bruschetta" but the food always outshines those minor annoyances.. . If you haven't been to Cibo, it's a must visit!
Great food and ambience!! definitely have it right!
This place was so cute! I wish it was nicer outside to be able to sit outside on the patio. The food was great! It is a hidden gem! Their appetizers with fresh mozzarella was amazing! I had their pizza with no sauce and it was delicious! I will be coming back  here again.
Cibo is a cozy little gourmet pizzeria hidden away in an old neighborhood. The pizza is excellent. I would encourage you to try anything on the menu, even if it doesn't sound appealing.  They really know what their doing and if they've put pear on a pizza, you better believe it was for a good reason. The ambiance is great, especially outside when weather permits. they have a respectable wine selection and this is a great place to take a date.
Went with a group of 4 people and we all agreed it was the best pizza in PHX/Scottsdale.  Diavola, Tartufata and Quattro Formaggi were flat out unreal.
This is one of the better Pizza joints in Phoenix, I would say certainly in the top 5. My only beef with them is their lack of seating but that is a good thing I would guess as they are plenty busy. The service here rocks and the food is top notch. The best thing is they have crepes. YUM. Parking is also hard to find but after a calorie laden meal a nice walk is welcome.
We decided to try Cibo after it was recommended by a friend. The restaurant is an old home creating a quaint atmosphere. They have excellent wood fired pizza. For happy hour, try the Polpette and Palline (dessert)-delicious! Service was excellent as well.
Really, really nice... The patio is pretty with multiples lights, perfect for springs nights.  Service is GREAT, food IS delicious...
So delicious!! Best Pizza I've had in Arizona. And the Burrata was amazing. I'll definitely be coming back here when I'm in the mood for authentic wood fired pizza.
Cibo never disappoints!  Tartu Fatta (spelling?), love, love!  A great date spot or even if you want to go alone for a nice dinner and sit at the bar.  Very cozy, comfortable.  Nice wine selection and you can't go wrong with any of the food.  The homemade mozzarella is delish!
Wonderful outdoor patio and delicious pizzas. Perfect date location.
Went to Cibo with a few friends and shared a pizza. It was so awesome! The waitresses were nice and respectful and if I'm in downtown again ill definitely go back! The pizza sauce was fresh and the crust tasted like heaven!!
Fantastic food and great service.  I can't wait for the weather to cool down so we can sit on the patio enjoying teh music during dinner.
This is the best pizza place I have tried thus far in Phoenix. I love that it is located in a house. I couldn't decide between two of the pizzas and they let you do half and half! That really got me excited. I had the truffle pizza and another white one with spicy sausage. They both were amazing! I will be back shortly. Great place to take out of town guests.
Nice!
We were driving through Phoenix and found this place on Yelp. The outdoor patio was lovely, though it was too hot to sit outside at 5:00 p.m. The food was wonderful: a delicious and generous helping of burata, meatballs, and an arugala salad as good as any I've had.  The service was cheerful and efficient.
Their pizza is to die for! I cannot keep myself away from ordering the same thing every single time because it's basically everything I've ever wanted in a pizza. Their crust is on the thin side, which is just my style, and has a ton of flavor. Their white procida (sp?) pizza is absolutely amazing: goat cheese, prosciutto and pear deliciousness! . . The ambiance is great also. I would definitely suggest sitting on the patio (if it's not sweltering hot outside) and enjoying some live music and cocktails. This is definitely a happy place for me:)
Went tonight and had a great dinner. Delicious pizza with 4 cheese and salami. The place is very inviting and service was attentive and personable. The tiramisu was one of the best I ever had. Be back soon!
This was the right decision when it comes to brick oven pizza in Arizona. The wait was only 30 minutes and the pizza was so much better than the well known and televised local competition (let's just call them pizza B). The ambiance was fantastic and it was the perfect date spot for the wife and I to sit back and relax. They even had a local musician playing live music to even better the mood for dinner. Service was fantastic and every part of our dinner made the wife and I happy about our dinner choice.. . Let me start by saying everything I ordered was perfect.. . The ostra salad was plenty as a starter for the wife and I and it was fresh with fantastic tasting ingredients.. The diavola spicy pizza with ricotta added was the best pizza I have ever had.. My wife's white pizza was fantastic as well it had mushrooms greens and pork I believe on it. The banana creepes with Nutella and ice cream was oh so yummy.. The fresh made iced tea was also unique and fantastic.. . We left with a 3 course meal for around $60 which is not bad at all for the experience and food we received. . I would most defiantly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
The food is OK, but their patio makes it a 5 star. Love it!
Great pizza with really fresh cheese and a great pesto salad!
Can't believe I've lived in Phoenix or 10 years and have just discovered Cibo!!  I went on a Saturday night and the wait for a party of 3 was less than 30 minutes!  The atmosphere out on the patio was amazing and there was also live music!  It didn't feel like I was in downtown Phoenix.. . We ordered the pear salad, Diavola (add ricotta and garlic), and the special pizza of the night.  The special was a white pizza with broccoli rabe and sausage.  All the food was delicious but I must say that the Diavola with ricotta and garlic was out of this world!  . . Now that I've FINALLY discovered this little gem, I will definitely be back!
This is the best pizza I have had in Arizona hands down - it is even better than NYC pizza, in my opinion. After trying multiple different pizzas I have come to the conclusion they are amazing and when you can't decide which of two you want from the menu, they have no problem letting you do half and half which is great. They will even let you mix the sauce pizzas with the white pizzas.. . However, it isn't just pizza that is outstanding here. They have some of the best menu items I have tried anywhere, generally speaking. One of the best being the most tasty cheese plate I've ever had.. . My suggestion is that if you have not yet been here that you stop whatever you are doing and head there now - your stomach will thank you.
This place is great!! Went here on a whim cause it was open pretty late on a Saturday. The pizza is so good I ate the whole thing to myself. The only bad thing is I was to full to order anyof the crepes! They looked delicious as well.
Went in and it was happy hour so ordered a mix of various appetizers and waited until they were done before ordering a pizza. I don't remember what everything was and their online menu doesn't seem to show it, but there were these chewy pieces of dough served with fresh basil, and tomato sauce, a rice ball stuffed with mozzarella and meatballs with crusty bread. All of it was outstanding. Not wanting to leave without trying a pizza, I ordered a margherita pizza and it was excellent. Check this place out, it's very good and services was fast and friendly.
My woman took me out to go eat at this place.It was actually pretty awesome.I love the authentic atmosphere, and how fast the service is.The shop is tucked away into a little over-looked place in downtown Phoenix, and it's just wonderful...especially if you want a quiet date.. . . . Five out of five, no doubt.
Stopped here on our way home from Sedona to Chicago.  Had a night to kill before catching the plane the next morning.  My husband had been here before during a business trip and wanted me to try it.  Cibo is located in a renovated house on a quiet street in Phoenix.  If you blink, you might miss it.  We loved the cozy atmosphere and the friendly wait staff. We ate dinner early and it's a good thing too because it was packed with a long line when we left.  Everything we dined on was divine!  We started with the Omero Salad and a glass of  Damiani Chianti. For a salad it was quite tasty.  I ordered the Capricciosa and my husband had the Di Notte pizza.  For dessert we squeezed in Nutella and Strawberries.  Everything we had was heavenly!  We walked away sated and very happy.  Will definitely come here again next time we're in town.
I love Cibo.  Their sandwiches are delicious. Their pizza is fantastic.  The ambiance is excellent.  Service is good.  The price is appropriate.  I often take business partners here for lunch.
My boyfriend and I have been to Cibo 3 times and have not been disappointed yet! The atmosphere is charming - it's basically a house that was turned into a restaurant. The interior can get a bit cramped, but the outdoor seating is lovely with a gardeny-feeling and twinkle lights.. . Each time we've gone, we've gotten the burrata and it's FANTASTIC. I highly recommend it to all the cheese lovers out there! We've also gotten several different pizzas (all of which are excellent) and the Tartugata and the Genova are particular favorites for us. The pizzas are a bit small, so we usually get a few appetizers or a pasta to go with our pizza. The price for the quality of food that you get is well worth it. Also, Happy Hour is a great value - I got a (generous) glass of the house red wine for $4 and it was quite good.
Went here when traveling for work as a local colleague recommended. Excellent spot fresh pizza. Fresh salads  and nice atmosphere but the most memorable part of the meal was their deserts. Nutella crepes were unbelievable.  We went with a group of 15 and service was outstanding. Next time I am in Phoenix, Cibo is a must stop.
Really enjoyed the pizza and the atmosphere!
My wife and I love going here.  We've probably been there a few times a year for the past 6 or 7 years.  We usually get the pesto salad, di notte pizza and a nougat crepe.  Have never had a bad experience, great place when the weather is really nice out as well.
Dammm this joint is good, I mean the pizza.. . Crushing all pizzerias in the area, no competition.......delicious!!!. . The crust is perfect. Light crisp in the outside and fluffy in the inside, not too thick and not to thin either. Gives me a NY feel when in the Williamsburg area devouring pizza at spot called Patrizia's.. . The meats are plump and juicy, great quality, right amount of fresh cheese, I love it.. . 5 stars for quality, presentation, and dining experience.
Wonderful pizza! Great setting. Pasta: mmmm could be better. But they make the effort, great service. Reasonable prices. We had a great time, lights in the garden.
I love love love their pizza. I've been there several times and I've had good service each time. This is the place that we take friends to for pizza. The wait time has not been more than 20 minutes even on a First Friday.
It's been awhile since I'd been here and what a night to come.  Pasta night!  Got a delicious gnocchi with shrimp along with a great merlot wine pairing to boot.  The outdoor patio had great relaxing live music and the weather outside is perfect.  As stated in my La Piazza Locale review, this isn't my favorite pizza in town (that title belongs to Pomo).  However, in terms of ambience and atmosphere, you'd be hard pressed to beat the charm of this beautiful bungalow and the gorgeous patio outside.
I love thier arugula and pear salad. The margarhita pizza is to die for!
I'm all about the atmosphere...the ambiance, and this quaint, cozy restaurant is sensational. There's a large patio area with a bonfire pit, live music and lots of twinkling lights. Mix that with exposed brick, stained glass and a fireplace. .     .     We went around 8 and the place was packed, staff was running in and out and each plate that walked by looked better than the last. It took about 15 minutes to be seated but the patio was perfect. I got a glass of red wine and my friend and I split the antipasto speciale appetizer. With many small morsels like prosciutto, Caramelized onions,  mozzarella, and olives it was a nice starter platter. . .     We ordered a half and half pizza with the La Noce and the Capriciossa. The Noce had arugula and walnuts while the Capriciossa was covered in artichoke, prosciutto, mushrooms and black olives. We took our pizza to go because it did take a bit to come out, but over all it was an enjoyable, relaxed setting.
I was driving through Phoenix and stopped here for a pizza. The pizza was amazing and the staff was extremely friendly. I went there alone and ate at the bar, but I'd highly recommend this place for a date as it had a very romantic-type setting.
Been to Cibo many times! Beautiful historic house, consistently great service, best pizza in the Valley. We have long-debated whether Cibo surpassed Bianco, but I no longer question that it does. Cibo is best, and reasonably priced and delicious. The burrata is also the best I have ever had, and I highly recommend it. It is extremely creamy, but holds together very well, and the balsamic drizzled across the top is phenomenal.
Great date spot!  The patio is so cute.  The pizzas we had were fantastic and the Nutella Mascarpone crepe was to die for!  Can't wait to go back!
We loved the ambiance, loved the location, loved the food, enjoyed ourselves a lot. We are planning on going back, and write a more in depth review, once we try more on the menu!
A staple of my restaurant diet. This place can do no wrong.. . If you want true italian style food, go here (get there early during lunch as there's a rush).
Warm and cozy on a fall night.  Also PACKED shoulder to shoulder. One of my dinner counterparts suffered a clumsy patron spilling an entire glass of wine on her, so watch out on crowded Friday nights. The bar was very quaint and the beautiful bartenders were moving in overdrive to get as people served. . . Here's what we ate: . . Ostia Salad- Most delicious croutons ever! I loved the chick pea dressing.  I have experimented with making my own version, but have come no where close to this.. . Genova Pizza- Potatoes on pizza is a great thing. . . La Noce Pizza- Not as wonderful as the Genova, but still a solid pizza. . . Both pizzas had a crunchy chewy crust, fresh sauce and herbs, and creamy cheese. I can't wait for another visit to Arizona to eat here again.
There are not too many dining experiences in the valley that rival sitting on the patio at Cibo on a cool night. I could sit there and eat copious amounts of the burratta with prosciutto and be absolutely blissful.
Love Cibo!  Always on the look out for great tasting food mixed in with a little (or a lot) of ambiance.  In a word- yum!
Best pizza in Phoenix, fun experience, small rooms and tables but the food is the well worth it.
This might be the first restaurant I have ever given 5 stars to in Phoenix. The food was great and so was the location.
Cibo is delicious! I especially love their dessert crepes. They have good service and a great atmosphere!
LOVE Cibo!! Go there every chance I get..HIGHLY recommend!
One of the best places in Phoenix for lunch, dinner or brunch!! I've eaten here a couple of times and forgot to write a review = bad Yelper..  But after hearing back from a friend that I suggested this place to, they loved it and have since been back here 3 times within the past couple of weeks!! . . Food~ yes their pizza is DELISH however they offer many other dishes that I think you will find just as delightful or maybe even better!  For lunch, please consider ordering the PLT - toasted prosciutto, mixed greens, tomato and spicy roasted bell pepper aioli.  Ask them to add some cheesy mozzarella goodness if your a fan like me : -)  It is one of the best sammiches you'll find around the Metro.  For a lighter lunch but just as filling go for one of the awesome salads;  The Capri, or the Couscous salad or my fave the Mele ~ organic mixed greens topped with chopped chicken, walnuts, apples, blue cheese and an apple vinaigrette dressing = yum-fest!! . . For dinner, start with a either their grilled veggies or the antipasto special; meat and cheeses!  Both are wonderful!  Have fun choosing a pizza!! They are all too good for me to mention one over the others.  Seriously!! Just save some room for one of the Nutella crepes!!  They a couple of different ones to choose from ~ they are a super way to wrap up a wonderful meal!!. . Restaurant~  This place is loads of fun yet it is somewhat romantic too! Sit outside and enjoy their terace - patio when the weather permits. It's a wonderful setting and a great place to have fun convo with a date or with friends.  Their indoor seating is also wonderful.  There's not a bad seat in this place.  The service is excellent!! They are very attentive, they know their menu items and help even the pickiest eater find something they would like!! . . I'm looking forward to going back to Cibo very soon!  I hope to see you there!
I went to eat here with some friends and I have to say its the best pizza i have ever eaten. I was told it was going to be good, but its better then that. Its amazing!!! i would eat here everyday if it wouldn't make me 500 lbs
This is the BEST date place and just going out with friends place!! Food is yummo and the employees ROCK! I go as often as I'm able to get there.
Oh Diavola, how you delight me so!  Incredible!!  The pizza was one of the better that I have ever had. Although I was stuffed, we decided to split a Fresca for dessert and it was so good!  Amazing lunch spot. It was very easy to get in and out and the service was fast and friendly.
Wonderful atmosphere, service, and pizza is delicious!
Great place to buy a pistol..knowledgeable staff and friendly ...have done business before and will do again..the new location looks great
best Calzon I ever had
Great Bistro Pie - See Photos...
Some of the best pizza in Phoenix and wonderful ambience too! Every pizza I've had is delicious, and lots of vegetarian friendly options.
Love the atmosphere and the food!
This is one of the best pizza joints out there!!  They have wonderful pizza dough.  The sauce is amazing! The sandwiches (i've heard) are very good.  Still need to try those!
My Hubby and I were staying at the Palomar Hotel. We Yelped a pizza place that had Gluten free pizza and decided to try Cibo since it was within walking distance. . We had the Rustica pizza with no cheese and added sausage. . It was the BEST gluten free pizza I've ever had!!!!!!  We finished the whole pizza and had a salad. . We will definitely be back when in Phoenix
I have eaten here several times, its a bit hard to find if you don't know your way around Phoenix. The 1900's Bungalow is amazing, I like to sit outside on the Patio in the fall and listen to the Music. The service is outstanding. Lunch time is for Sandwiches- order the fruit salad with it..... dinner is for amazing Pizza, Biancos is great, expensive and too damn long a wait, Al Fornos in Glendale is great but too noisy, Cibo is right in the middle, great food served in a unique setting
