I really enjoyed my experience at PUB. The atmosphere, the service, the drinks, and the food were all great. Here's the breakdown.. . ATMOSPHERE - Very high ceilings and plenty of windows in the front. The bar is really gorgeous, with floor to ceiling bottles. The chairs, in bright red leather, were very comfy. . . SERVICE - Bright and friendly. Age-wise, it's a young group of servers, which is always a mixed bag, but everyone here was friendly and smiling and knowledgeable. Our server was really attentive.. . DRINKS - An overall fantastic list of draught beers from all over the world, and though the prices are a bit steep, the list is high quality. Our water glasses were kept full. . . FOOD - Be forewarned. The portions (ALL the portions) are huge. We began our meal with an appetizer of Dirty Chips, which, going with the PUB theme, should have probably been called Dirty Crisps, because they were not fries, but chips, and chips are fries in... wait. Guh. I lost it. No matter. they were VERY crunchy and delicious, covered in some sort of green aioli and garnished ever-so-lightly with Fried Chicken Livers. I'm not a huge fan of liver, but wow, these things had me losing my mind a little bit. . . The Lobster Bisque was exquisite. Not too creamy, but plenty rich, topped with a flaky puff pastry. . . The main courses were all superb. The Chicken Pot Pie was creamy and and filled with huge chunks of chicken and topped with that gorgeous and impossibly light puff pastry. The Brown Butter Lobster Rolls were as good as they sound, and there was no skimping on the lobster. Shepherd's Pie was gravy-licious, and the large fellow who ordered it could barely finish half, try as he might. I ordered an open-faced Lamb Carvery sandwich with Horseradish Sauce and Pineapple Mint Sauce. The Pineapple sauce was non-descript, but the Horseradish knocked my socks off. I am used to things not being spicy or strong enough, but as I wiped away the tears as the last wallop of horseradish pulsed through my sinuses, I knew I had found a place that understands me. I was significantly more judicious with the sauce after that. The lamb was cooked perfectly.. . We didn't get a chance to try the desserts, much as we wanted to. No one had any room left.. . This will become a Vegas tradition for me.
excellent pastrami, great beer selection.  Not that expensive for vegas.
My Husband and I went here while in Vegas with family. I'm a Sous Chef, huge foodie, and a self proclaimed Confit Whore. All of my food porn fantasies came true here, . . We started off with a few beers, Fat Tire and  Lindemans Framboise Lambic. Delicious.. . Appetizer was the Welsh Rarebit, Crispy, cheesy heaven. The perfect size to get our taste buds salivating and geared up for more.. . Entrees: I ordered the Duck Confit Carver, Rye Bread and horseradish cream and truffle mayo. AMAZING! The little side of pickled veggies helped cut the richness of the duck, which was perfectly tender and moist. My Husband ordered the Brisket Carver and had the blue cheese sauce and house BBQ, both good. We shared the an order of thick cut fries and mac n Cheese. The mac was heavenly, although I feel a little over priced for the portion (the only time I thought this during our entire meal) The fries were good, but not the kind of item I wake up dreaming about (though their Confit and welsh rarebit are). . Our server (which I wish I could remember his name) was amazing. Very helpful with explaining menu items and ingredients because I am one of those people who ask. I had my 35mm and kept getting up to snap pictures and he was patient enough to wait for me to return to serve us our courses. . . Overall AMAZING (hence the five star) As a cook I don't make a ton of money so the bill was a little daunting but, I'd say worth every penny and will most defiantly go back the next time I'm in Vegas, maybe look into any kind of Happy Hour specials.
This is a very cool, relaxed atmosphere. The wait staff, managment staff, security was top notch. The food was PHENOMENAL! The price point was fair.  You must try their raw bar too.  We went twice in four days and the second evening from 9pm -10 pm (Wednesday) they offered $0.25 beer by this time I thought that I was at a nightclub in college.  . . It's overall a great place to let loose, eat good, drink good and listen to great music and receive EXCELLENT guest service..... . BTW, I failed to mention that their portions are large and the presentation was quite impressive.
This place rocks. Sit at the bar and enjoy fun banter with the staff.  Order a delicious beer and the bison burger with skinny fries! Loved it so much here I came back again on my two day trip.
I was extremely impressed with pretty much everything here.  Yes, you're in Vegas and everything is more expensive.  But as far as gastropubs go, this one is up there with the best of everything.. . Everything we had was amazing, from the tuna poke appetizer and the house made chips, to the entrees.  I had a chicken pot pie (advertised as made with a veloute), which was killer.  Creamy delicious inside, perfect fluffy crust.  Served absurdly hot though.  The best tasting thing on the table was probably the lobster rolls.  Perhaps the most beautiful looking sandwich I've ever seen, from bright red lobster meat to glistening buttery rolls.  I also heard great feedback on the swordfish enchilada (?!) and the fish & chips.. . Everything is done real well here.  Don't forget the absurdly large and delicious beer selection.
My two girl friends and I wandered into Todd English to try the fruli strawberry beer, unfortunately the bartender said it was no longer being made  =( I forgot our bartenders name.. either way... all of the staff were so accommodating. Since we had originally dropped in to try that specific drink and we aren't big beer drinkers, the bartenders let us sample a bunch of beers they thought we'd like. All of the samples he gave us were more than enough for us to drink but we still ordered a glass of each of our favorites. We also decided to order cookies and ice cream, i know it's a strange combo with the beer and all but we were craving some sweets at the time. The bartenders were so friendly, chatted with us and the regulars who came by. I felt like we stepped into an episode of Cheers. When we asked for our bill, we saw they only charged us for 1 coke and the ice cream and cookies! we left happy and left them with a pretty big tip! 5 stars for Todd English for their beer selection and especially their service! . next time I plan to try the food...heard their pastrami sandwich is amazing!
Went to dinner here with a party of 16 and the service was great.  The beer is a little pricey though so prepare to spend a little there.. . I had the Chicken Pot Pie and it was amazing, served in cast iron pot and piping hot with tasty crust on top.  Also had a side of macaroni and cheese and was also very very good and creamy.. . Will definitely go back to this place again!!
A big reason I'm giving this place five stars is because of the excellent service! That's not to say the food isn't good as well (it is!), but the service our group of about 30 received here for a birthday was just awesome! . . Like I said, we had a group of 30, which can be daunting. The birthday girl (who had made a reservation here months in advance) had called in shortly before we were coming and ordered several appetizers which were waiting for us when we arrived. There were two long tables that were next to each other where we were seated, and each table had onion rings (which were delicious!), "dirty nachos" (think nachos w/potato chips instead of tortilla chips), which were also delicious, and honestly I can't remember the third appetizer. I'm not sure if they did something special for our group or not (hey I just showed up and ate what was ordered), but if these were the normal portion sizes for appetizers they're HUGE! . . Now this is where I say the service was awesome... . . Shortly after our entree orders were taken a small group of us had to get up and leave to take care of some of business for the birthday girl's big night (the Vegas club scene is a pain!). We expected to be gone a short time and by the time we'd get back our food would have just gotten there. Well, we were gone much longer than expected. Without any questions asked (nobody from our group said anything) our waitress (I'm assuming she got permission from the higher ups) said she would remake our food since we were gone so long. I kind of felt like an a-hole, but the restaurant was beyond nice for doing this for us. . . Oh, as far as what I ordered I got the West Coast Burger, which is essentially a Turkey burger w/bacon, sprouts & avocado. It was delicious and tasted very fresh. The fries that came w/it were delicious as well! Oh I also had a couple of pear vodka cocktails which were refreshing (a bit sweet...but refreshing) . . I would definitely come back to Todd English PUB when back in Vegas. It's a nice restaurant and the prices are fair for the quality & portions.
I'm still dreaming about this place.. . The dirty chips, pretzel bites and french fries were ALL delicious... the best I'v had in my life-- the lobster roll.  Amazingly devinely dream-worthy.. . Service was ++, a tad bit pricey, but expected on the strip, esp in Aria.
We went here for dinner on a Saturday night after a long day of gambling and laying out in the pool (I know, such a hard life we have). They seated us right away (we were expecting to have to wait), and our waiter, Alex, came to us within the first 5 minutes of being seated. This pub is awesome, for all you beer loving drinkers, they carry about 48 different types of beer on tap and have a pretty large list of wines as well.. . I had the bison burger, my boyfriend had the chicken roasted pot pie and our friends had a shepards pie and the swordfish enchiladas. The bison burger was really good, it had the perfect amount of blue cheese and spice. The burger had a kick and it was so good and perfectly cooked! The chicken pot pie was really good as well. My boyfriend said that the vegetables were really fresh. It was well balanced and the chicken was cooked just perfectly. The swordfish enchiladas were yummy and the fish was very fresh, the salsa was homemade and flavorful. The shepards pie did not disappoint either. The mash potatoes were creamy and the flavor was excellent. We ended up having to wait for our food a bit longer (and we thought it was standard because we had ordered items that would take a while to make), but our waiter had told the manager about it and she came by, apologized for the wait (it really wasn't long at all) and offered to have us pick out drinks on the house. That is stellar customer service!  We will definitely be coming back here whenever we visit Vegas!
round two and todd english's PUB is still churning out great food!. . Ordered the fish & chips, and the clams again. . . The clams are still phenomenal! Juicy, flavorful, tender, and HUGE. I wasn't even hungry but I kept dunking the bread back into the sweet ambrosia of a sauce. . . Fish & Chips looked scary at first because I've had too many horrible ones that looked like the ones you get from PUB but boyyy was this delish!! Tender flakey fish and a crunchy crust. The chips were SO-SO, but the slaw that came on the side made up for that. Usually i don't like slaw but this one had peas, and green beans in it with a light and tangy flavor.. . Next round will be the raw bar!
My husband and I went to PUB for lunch in Vegas during our last visit. I'd been dying to try this place since it opened and it did not disappoint.. . We love Strongbow (sucker for this sweet English summer nectar) and its unusual to find it on draft in the US but PUB had it. We started with Duck Rolls which were gorgeous, light fluffy and so tasty, I could have eaten 50. My hubby had the lobster rolls which were delightful and I had fish and chips which were the best fish and chips I've ever tasted (and I'm English). . . Our server tempted us into a bread pudding desert which was just heavenly. Speaking of our server *(Alex) he was awesome, attentive and looked after us the entire time. No complaints here on the service.. . Lunch was typical Vegas prices but for the experience, it was well worth it!
Amazing my husband and I frequent it every time in Vegas!!!! The sandwich board is the best we get a lb. of whatever meat we want and share it..
Best las vegas - hangover - brunch/lunch place. Everything looked and tasted like heaven. The super deep fried dirty chips, lobster rolls, fries, sandwiches, burgers, and pastrami sliders cured every ounce of pain I was feeling.
Stopping at PUB for lunch while on vacation wasn't a planned move for us but will definitely be a scheduled stop next time my boyfriend and I are in town.  We weren't famished when we showed up and really just wanted a little lunch to hold us over. . I ordered the fish and chips and couldn't have asked for anything better.  The fish was HUGE, really, and fried perfectly!  It was served with a highly complimenting malt vinegar aioli and "English style chips."  My boyfriend ordered the hot dog and he couldn't stop talking about it!  I'm not a big hot dog kinda gal but I did try it... twice!. Our biggest problem at PUB was trying to decide what we wanted to order.  They have such a great selection we really can't wait to go back!
The Chicken Pot Pie is best thing on the menu! Every time we visit Vegas we always have to make a pit stop here for the pot pie. The service is pretty good here as well too.
I really can't say enough good things about this place.  It's not that expensive - this is Vegas after all - and the food is excellent, service prompt and efficient and ambience comfortable.  Highly recommend the onion rings . And the homemade donuts for dessert.  Convenient location in the middle of the Vegas strip.  Will definitely return
I go to Vegas 2-3 times a year and have enjoyed many of Todd English's restaurant's all over the country.  This was my first visit to PUB and all I can say is WOW.  I didn't know what to expect from this place but it became clear to me how perfect this restaurant was in every way.  The location is great, easy to get to from Aria, the Crystals, the Cosmopolitan and the Strip.  The atmosphere is casual and it is perfect for Vegas.  It envelopes you, takes over you, and is easy to get into the relaxed, casual, PUB atmosphere that so many other restaurants try so hard to replicate but none get as good as English.  But don't be fooled, because I haven't mentioned the food yet, and the food is the STAR of the show!  I had an order of dumplings that were better than Wing Lei at the Wynn.  The burgers are delicious and the entrees as good as any of the more "formal" restaurants around town, including English's own Olives at the Bellagio.  So even if you are not a drinker, this place is for you.  But if you do drink, the beer list is incredible.  This restaurant fires on all cylinders and is now permanently on my must go list for any Vegas trip.  It is equally appropriate for guys night out, a couple's date, a family dinner & solo dining.  No other restaurant can do all that.
Based only on beers, this is the only place in nv that serves cask beer.  What a treat!  They have a very large selection of craft beers as well as trappist beers. Definately a beer afficionado's heaven. Todd English u continue to impress.  Plus you get complementary popcorn.
great spot to stop by for dollar beers on the 12 bars of christmas !!  1dollar blue moons !!  enough said.    Didnt really check out the food here ..just beers lol.  Great service.  I also did the beer challenge here. which is finish a pint in under 7 seconds and the beer is on them. Rules are you cant spill or throw up. i did mine in 5 seconds flat....good to still know i still got it.
I come to this place everytime i am on the Strip.  They have a deal where if you can drink a pint in 7 seconds then you get it for free.  Best Deal on the strip...if you can do it of course.  Good food, and a good place.
This is the best spot in town for a brew. Great selection of draft beer, including several Belgian ales, British ales, US microbrews and seasonal ales.  Good bar food also.
1/2 lb of thinly shaved prime rib goodness, sour dough bread to die for, and au jus done perfectly.  I think I'm in love!  We also sampled the Dirty Chips....very rich and filling, plan on skipping dinner after these.. . This was a fun restaurant/pub just outside of the Aria Resort.  It's impossible to pass by and not want to join in the atmosphere.. . Lots of great choices on the menu and plenty of beers to choose from.  I especially enjoyed the bar table tops that have the self serve keg draw on it!  That could be trouble.
We had one of the best times at Todd English PUB.  Chef Jamie was attentive and informative. The food was delicious.  The Chicken Parm sliders were exceptional as were the Dirty Chips.  The atmosphere was fun and all the staff friendly, especially our server, Andrew.  Brad-the manager came by a few times to check on us and offered some great suggestions from the menu and the bar.  Will be sure to return.  Highly recommend!
Todd English has done it again .... . Great place, amazing menu and atmosphere (where else can you play beer pong with food like this).. . Highlights of the menu include: reuben sliders, tuna burger (it is more like tartare put together than ground tuna meat) and the bison burger.. . Definately one of, if not the, best places in vegas to put down a few drinks, watch a game and eat some great comforting pub grub.. . Proves once again that you can never go wrong with a Todd Enligh restaurant.
God I love this place. From the design to the food, Todd English is my personal Lord and Saviour. Only thing wrong at times are the rowdy, tool-ish crowd of dudes in striped and flannel check shirts slamming down beer mugs and talking about how many girls they think/hope/ will probably not/ bed on their "wild weekend" on the Strip. . . Skip all the sports stuff on TV if you are not a sports fan..go for the delectable and delicious and certain delirious inducing meats that will send any carnivore into a tizzy. Stopped off here first thing when after I checked into my hotel and it was on like Donkey Kong. Judging by the how good the carvery here is, you will leave very satisfied knowing you have participated in eating another innocent cow. . . It's all about the carvery and this night Mr English's menu did not disappoint. WIfe and I shared the full pound of Beef Brisket with a side of fries with the truffle mayo. Friend got the ribeye steak. The beef was so tender and so expertly prepared I barely noticed the tools that night.
We had been dying to try out Todd English PUB. When we arrived we had no reservations and it was a Saturday evening. We were seated right away. The hostess told us what her favorite thing on the menu was which is the brown butter lobster rolls. She explained them to us and it sounded so good that I thought I totally wanted to try that! So I ordered the lobster rolls and my husband had the fish and chips. Our waiter answered all of our questions we had about the different types of beers. He was very knowledgeable. The beer is so tasty! SO many to choose from!. . When my food arrived the presentation was lovely and I couldn't wait to dive in and eat it! IT was the best lobster roll I've ever had!  I am still dreaming of that delicious lobster roll till this day. Hopefully I can find a place in So Cal that has a lobster roll as good as this one, because if not I will be driving down to get one before the end of this year! :). . We loved Todd English PUB.. A must try if your visiting Las Vegas and love beer and good fish.
Oh my goodness!  What can I say?  Not enough about the Brown butter lobster rolls.  Three sweet rolls stuff silly with fresh lobster.  It was friggin amazing.  Comes with a very onion based coleslaw that I ended up giving to hubby.  And a small package of homemade chips (a little oily for me).  It's all about the lobster rolls.. . GET THE LOBSTER ROLLS!!!. . Oh, and hubby had the Chicken parm sliders with fries.  Good stuff, but totally overshadowed by my yummy lobster rolls.. . Comment about the hostess at the front. Couldn't be a more unfriendly girl/woman.  Totally didn't greet us - had her hands crossed in front of her chest the whole time.  Never smiled.  Bitter.. . Other than her, everything was great.  Nice restaurant.  Greeted by our enthusiastic server with a metal "mini-bucket" of fresh popcorn.  Can't go wrong with popcorn.. . Get the lobster rolls!  ;)
i would take a star off for the high prices but it's vegas.. . been twice for happy hour... their happy hour is awesome. . carved lamb with sourdough, horseradish sour cream and soy maple sauce. skip the soy maple sauce but the lamb and horseradish were perfect together. 18 bucks. . oysters are 2 bucks each and very fresh. a bit small but i prefer them small and they are only 2 bucks. . . chilled shrimp was best i ever had even at 4.75 each. very big. . king crab legs _ 35 bucks for a half pound and worth every penny. . lobster rolls - 24 bucks... very rich sauce... not very authentic but retarded good. . 3 dollar sliders during happy hour are excellent.... . bartenders took great care of us. Tom and Rod were really cool.... . their happy hour is impressive with half price pints... . . take the 7 second chug challenge and u get 2 free beers right there.. . disregard any bad reviews... sit at the bar and ask your bartenders whats up!
I've been to the Todd English PUB several times during business trips to Veags both with coworkers and many times alone. The service has been great on all occasions. When alone I've never been put in a corner or asked to sit at the bar. The staff treats all guest with the same attention and friendliness.. .  YUM YUM YUM The food is so much better than your average pub food! The organic chicken pot pie was so good with a flaky crust and creamy sauce, and the corn dog puppies is enough food to be a meal. . . I will return again and again.
Enjoy free beer and a friendly atmosphere? If so, this is the place to go! . Free pint of beer if you finish within 7 seconds (2 tries per person each day). Rod, the bartender, was super interesting and cool. We had happy hour wings and sliders, which were only mediocre. . Regardless of the food, we returned the next day due to the bartender, great service and of course, free beer. We also discovered the option of self-service beer depending where you want to sit. Prices were calculated by the number of pints poured(applies to happy hour prices as well)- which means no waiting around for your beer, and playing bartender for the night. Awesome and welcoming ambience- will definitely return.
Cici, our bartender, was a doll both times my boyfriend and I went to the pub! Charismatic, helpful and easy to relate to, she made for great service!. . I can't believe that I am saying this, but I had the best roast beef sliders and chicken wings in my life! The juicy sliders had this amazing cheese wiz sauce that I couldn't get enough of, and the wings were seasoned well, and fried perfectly crispy, even when eaten cold an hour later!. . Between our service and the food, we found ourselves plopped at the bar for hours basking in the casual, yet upscale pub eatery around us.
We are locals and we had friends visiting from Iowa, Wisconsin and Phoenix.  It was a gorgeous day in Las Vegas and we were looking to sit on an outside patio.  We went to Todd English Pub and encountered the manager, Brad.  We chatted with him and told him we were high school friends having a fun reunion with our husbands and he really took great care of us!  Brad got us a table on the patio and even introduced us to the Chef!  All of the staff was great and the food was amazing!  We will take all of our out of town visitors to Todd English Pub!  Thank you!
Stayed at the Aria, so I was pretty excited upon realizing, that this was adjacent to the front lobby.. The selection was outstanding- lots of Belgian imports, as well as quality stuff from around the good old US of A. For an Eastcoaster such as myself, this was a great opportunity to get stuff like Black Butte on draft. For those visiting without renting a vehicle, this would also be a good opportunity to get their craft drink on right on the strip, unless they want to be sipping sugary drinkie poos from over-sized plastic sippy cups.. The ambiance is also superior to most L. Vegas bars. The lighting was very cozy, the bar was an oval in the center of the room, with multiple bartenders tending to ones needs. A game of sports was being televised on television sets placed all around the joint.. Now for the prices- most stuff was in the neighborhood of $8-$10. I understand that for Las Vegas this is a very niche business, though one on the rise, and the rent must be higher than Charlie Sheen, but other places we visited were able to offer somewhat lower prices.. Not being huge gamblers, what me and my wife did was play some slots at Aria, than upon winning $30-$40, we would proceed to this P.U.B. and blow our winnings. Repeat as many times as necessary.. . Note for guests staying at Aria: the in room fridges have weight sensors. I did what I do everywhere else in the world- take the contents out neatly, place own purchases(gallon of water, as we're in the dessert, beers), and before checking out- place everything back in in the same order. We received a bill of around $50 for mini fridge charges. They said they would investigate, but it took us many calls to the managers to get this fee reversed...lesson learned- don't every do anything, anywhere lol
The food and atmosphere are GREAT!!!
4.5 stars! Wanted to give them 5 but our waiter seemed to disappear and forget what we ordered a few times! No bueno!. . Where o where to begin! Actually this is going to be a bullet points type of review!. . -Non-Smoking, perfect for my Bestie who was Preggers at the time. -Love the decor (woods with big white marble oyster bar). -Shared sinks for bathrooms where the guy who hands you towels will freestyle with you tip him (which makes you want to give him a bigger tip since he's so good). -Bathroom amenities free to use include: perfume, cologne, candy, gum, hairspray, gel and other things. -Food was very good; need to try the lobster rolls next time. -Happy people all around made it have a great atmosphere. -Have drinking games (need to try next time I go) . -In City Center, which is where all the new/nice places are. . Point is...if you are in Vegas...this is a place you MUST go!
Visited this place Thursday night 5/10/12 around 7:30 pm.  The restaurant seemed busy but we were seated right away in a booth in the back of the restaurant.  My wife and I ordered 2 beers but they were out of both of them, bummer!!!! Oh well, plenty of others to choose from.  We shared a wedge salad, excellent bacon dressing on it.  Also had some oysters, which at 2 bucks a piece were a good value.  Wife had the lobster rolls, which were very good.  I had a burger with pastrami on it.  Cooked perfectly, really tasty.  Service was excellent, food was great, atmosphere was a little noisy but it is a pub.  Prices were a little high, but it is in a prime location on the strip, and the prices were actually better than all of the places in City Center.  All in all a very good dining experience.
Great spot! Happy hour was bomb and the bartender was super nice she never on e forgot about us!! Great service!!
Absolutely LOVE their happy hour menu.. . $2 oysters. $1 wings. $2 sliders. Half off selected wines, sangrias, etc.. . Originally came here just for their cheap oysters but, tried their delish sangria.. Then, since I was there I might as well have some sliders which were extremely and surprisingly juicy.. And welll.....since wings were just a dollar, I had about 6. lol. . Best $20 I've ever spent.
I was here 2 nights ago. This is the best place to be in Vegas provided you can polish off a pint in less than 7 seconds.  Also, this place had the most beautiful tattooed-hipster bar tender in the whole wide room.  She wouldn't give me her digits because I was probably too drunk, but she told me to singmy praises to her on yelp.. . My hipster love rap I wrote for her:. . Todd English Pub. 7 seconds to chug.. Free beer, plus this girl. Only seconds to love. But I wanted it to last. So now I need some help. I want more than pan flashes. She said, "leave it on 'Yelp'.". . Now tell me 'do you love me'?. Singing lyrics by Guster. Confirmed or Plausible?. Look like the Girl Myth Buster. . Your hair so silky red. My feelings hard now to explain. My spidey sense is acting up. So please come be my Mary Jane.. . Not a smoking reference. Don't dichotomize like Petty. Join my heart breakin' band . Cuz I am 'Hipster' ready. . You proudly wear your oversized. Leopard patterned glasses. So here's my love confessional. Your test, I hope it passes. . Got my heart tickin' like a bomb. come diffuse. You wear your heart on your sleeve. I can see it in your tattoos. . I said you were my dream girl. Rebuttal with an awkward pose. Failed attempted ugly face. Flared nostrils on a pretty nose. . Double pierced tongue. I want to check your teeth for enamel. A dental hygienist married . Sith destroyer Mark Hamill. . Star crossed lovers, yeah,. I could be your Jedi Knight. And if you so agreed to it. I'd use the force like every night. . Night time raccoon attack. You know I'd suck the rabies out. Just to kiss your pale skin. Let's churn 'sun-burn-babies' out. . I'm Burning up, I understand . there's prolley not a chance in hell. Do me a solid, don't change a bit. stay you, you do it so well. . Todd English Pub. 7 seconds to chug.. Free beer, plus this girl. Only seconds to love. But I wanted it to last. because it felt so right. I want more than pan flashes. just one more night
The food was killer! I haven't haven't had a  lobster roll that good since I was in NY and Boston. My wife had the oysters and loved them also. Everything looked great on the menu.
Okay, I ate here twice.. . Both times, I gotta say, in comparison to the overpriced crap you get on the strip, these guys deliver.. . Service was genuine and kind.. . The beer selection is pure madness (hence the 5 instead of 4 stars).. . I mean, seriously. These guys know beer.. . And the food is lip smacking killer.. . I got on both occasions: fish and chips, welsh rabbit, and portabella mushroom burger. . . No misses at all.. . Can't believe they are on the same property as the Aria.. . Tip: get the skinny fries. . Tip: Enter through mall entrance to get into the right seating line. . Tip: Ask for the local beers, some tasty surprises await. . Tip: They have Tabasco and Cholula.
Excellent service, fabulous food, great bar. Don't miss the Welsh rarebit--heaven!
We shared the lobster roll and pastrami sliders. Side order of duck fat French fries. Needed to get rolled out of there but worth every calorie. I like the casual and friendly atmosphere. This is a very fun place with an impressive beer selection.  I could see spending an afternoon trying beer and special treats. Ohhh...lobster rolls....
As good as it FREAKING GETS !!!!!!!. . I'm not usually a fan of beer, but with there various selection of handcrafted beer, you just can't help but to order one! The $2 oysters are fresh and absolutely presented on a fancy smancy tray.. . As our food was being brought to our table, the mouth-watering smell of the lobster rolltraveled faster than the waiter, at which we all immediately made room and waited anxiously for it to arrive at our table. The grilled cheese with bacon and tomato sandwich made me roll my eyes back continually as juice and oil dripped down my fingers.. . Lastly, (as I've become allergic to shellfish , yes, I know, very unfortunate) my friend ordered the seafood stew and I watched sadly as the rest of the girls devoured and lick the bowl clean; hence, it must be delicious.
My wife and just had lunch.  Fantastic experience. The food and drink were excellent.   What so much made the day came from two of the most positive, customer focused, fun people I have ever had the pleasure to meet:  Eleanor Armstrong and Laura Berger.  Definitely would recommend.  I will return and expect another terrific time.  Be sure to ask for Eleanor and Laura.
Fun day, went to Todd English pub for a quick lunch.  What a great lunch, made even more enjoyable by the bartenders Eleanor Armstrong, and Laura Berger.  Talk about outstanding customer service!  Way to go ladies!!
We stopped in for lunch today and loved it.. . I had the lobster Cobb salad which was loaded with lobster meat and that was a surprise. I really expected a few pieces of lobster  The flavors of all the ingredients worked nicely together and I about licked the plate. . . My husband had the wedge salad with skirt steak.  A perfect man salad! He really liked it and he's picky. We also shared some skinny fries which were fabulous. . . It wasn't a cheap lunch, but it was definitely good.
I love Todd English Pub!  This is actually one of my favorite places to eat on the strip.  Primarily for business luncheons or pseudo-social happy hour, but dinner here is just as nice.  The staff is  always very friendly and quick to assist.  The food is fantastic.  I keep trying new things and am consistently impressed.  . . And who doesn't love to see a few tourists try to slam a pint of beer in 30 seconds to get it free?  Like dinner and a show!. . Classy spot with plenty of people watching.  I could sit there for hours enjoying my duck buns and IPA!
I had an amazing cheese burger here. the bun was delicious along with the 10oz angus beef patty. Great beer as well and they even have a foosball table!! great job guys!!
When lobster is on the menu, there is no question what I will order.  I've been on a quest to find the best lobster roll outside of New England and I've found it!  Big, juicy chunks of lobster, simply dressed, on a toasted, buttered roll.  Yum!  I would travel back to Las Vegas just to order this.  If my travel partner had allowed, I would have eaten every meal here and ordered the same thing.
3rd time at Todd English PUB, and 2nd time this week!  I love the atmosphere and my service has always been top notch - especially tonight (keep reading). . Tonight I went with my fiance and her family.  Our servers were very friendly and everybody had a great time.  The staff was nice enough to modify some of our meals - like a special salad for my fiance and off-menu greens with my steak.  The mussels are so good, especially the sauce - I found myself almost drinking the tomato sauce with a spoon.  Others tried the thick slices of pastrami and loved it.  The shrimp, sold by the piece, is perfect.  My ribeye was a thin cut, pub style.  It was tasty although I prefer a good filet over a ribeye any day.. . Interesting thing happened:  My shrimp came and I grabbed the lemon - something thick and black on the lemon made a dark stain on my finger!  Smelled like grease or rubber.  The staff was quick to apologize and take it back to the manager.  I went to the nice bathroom (complete with attendant) and wash my hand.  When I came back, they had given me a fresh batch of shrimp and a couple of extras!  The manager came by and apologized again and was very nice to everyone.  I was impressed because a simple sorry would have been enough for me, but they made sure we were taken care of.  . . Finally, we briefly mentioned that we were getting married in several months.  At the end of our meal, out of nowhere, a couple of lit candles and some ice cream cookie sandwiches appeared on our table.  Nice touch.. . The menu has so many different choices, I could come back 10 times and try something different every time.  Some people complain about the prices but, come on, what do you expect from a nice place right next Crystals -  a high end shopping mall.. . I love this place and will return for more.
The meal was absolutely fantastic. Ordered a Ahi Tuna Tartare for starter and it was sooo good. Also got the junk chips which were delightful. Crispy fried pickles were great too. Tuna Burger cooked medium rare was next and it was seared perfectly on a whole grain bun, with huge amount of avocado and arugula, perfect. All in all, great food. Service was friendly, attentive, and spot on. Well worth the price.
Awesome place, great service. Richard Baldino was an awesome server. Great beer selection!!
I have to give this 5 stars for the BEST Chili in Las Vegas (and just about anywhere else...but I haven't been to everywhere else yet...oh...but...it's good...reeeeeal good!). . Matthew at the bar is very friendly and can make a killer Old Fashion. BTW - did I mention the fried oyster appetizer?? topped with microgreens with mint too...yum.
My favorite dining experience in four days at the Aria in Vegas... ended up there three times and my husband even more.  In short: amazing food and extensive draft beer menu at a better value than anywhere in the Aria and I imagine elsewhere on the Strip. . . Our first meal was a Sunday brunch.  At 10am in late September, it was just cool enough to enjoy our meal outside, watching an NFL game on a big screen they had wheeled out.  After much deliberation and consultation with the server, I had a salad and the lobster rolls - best meal of my whole trip.  Just amazing.  Order them, several times if you can.  They were offering an impressive Bloody Mary menu... not our thing but I'm sure many others would love to add smoked gouda or bacon or beef broth to their Maries.  We instead ordered fancy $11 seasonal fest draft beers - a deceptively great deal considering the $8 Bud Lights everywhere else on the Strip.  . . Second meal: dinner.  After demolishing the toasted pretzel appetizer, I couldn't finish the second half of my grilled cheese panini with brie and bacon.  I do consider myself a connoisseur of both soft pretzels and brie sandwiches - I can't emphasize enough how good these were. . . Third "meal": late afternoon happy hour.  TE PUB offers a decent Happy Hour for Vegas standards (somewhat decent for DC standards): 3-6pm and 10pm-??, half-price draft beer, $1 wings, $2 oysters, $3 sliders.  I hated the Woodchuck Pumpkin Reserve I ordered (who can drink that nonsense?), and my awesome waitress replaced it no charge.  Three of us shared some wings - perfectly tender and seasoned - but in retrospect I regret not getting the soft pretzels again. . . Laid-back ambiance, the kind of place I would love to frequent in DC, a nice break from the "chic" of the Aria and the general excess of Vegas.
Great food, fast service and free comedy relief. Thanks Richie Baldino! We had the Fried Bologna Sandwich, which was great if you like fried bologna (I do!). We also had the Buffalo Burger on Richie's suggestion, also very good, but you'd better be hungry, it's a ten ounce burger!
We enjoyed the late night happy hour and had some wonderful food.  Mini Corn Dogs and Oysters for Rob, we shared Sliders and then I also had the Bangers and Mash because of my heritage, I just had to try their version.  The service was EXCELLENT and the atmosphere was jovial but not too loud (weeknight and late at night maybe?).  We will return.  Also check out the water cyclones in the Crystals shopping center, they are a blast.
We went to Todd's four out of five nights on our most recent trip to Vegas.  And almost stayed an extra day just to go again.  No joke.. . Where do I start?. 7 Second Beer -- can you drink a pint in about 7 seconds?  If so, and if you pick one $10 or less it's free  Up to two per day.  Go with Boddington's or another nitrogen-charged beer.  It goes down more smoothly.  But don't break the glass when you slam it down on the bar.  The bartenders will hate you and you'll bleed everywhere.  Apparently this actually happens.. . Pastrami -- best pastrami I've ever had.  Ever.  Best pastrami ever.  It is sinfully juicy yet not visibly or tactile-y {is that a word?} fatty.  Great peppery bark and just the best thing ever on rye with the horseradish and mustard trio.  The pickles that are served with it {cauliflower, cucumbers and such} are also incredible.  Not too tangy or salty.  OMFG  An 8 ounce portion is enough to share and share you should; you want to save room to try other stuff.. . Pastrami burger -- one of the top three burgers I've ever had  It looked I seriously {seriously} thought my pescatarian fiance would break down and take a bite.  It was a perfect rare/mediurm rare and beautifully red in the middle  The flavor was outstanding and while it was topped with goodies, the meat really stood up on itsown.  The fries with black truffle aioli were also great but were totally overshadowed by the burger. . Mussels -- best mussels I've ever had.  Inappropriately good.  Like pornographic.  You get a huge pile of large, perfectly cooked, perfectly tasty oysters.  Not remotely chewy.  And the sauce - oh, the sauce!!!  Ask for extra bread to soak up the brothy, tomatoey goodness  Holy mother of all things delicious.. . Pretzel stick thingies with cheese sauce -- came out piping hot and great for absorbing those ill-advised shots after making friends with every bartender in the house  . . Fish and chips -- the best fish and chips we have ever had.  Again - not kidding  The fish {cod?] was huge.  Like over a foot long.  And probably three inches thick.  And beautiful and flaky and fresh and flavorful.  Served with fantastic cole slaw {different from the cole slaw with the lobster rolls???}.  And fat fries  de-freakin-licious.. . Lobster rolls -- the "worst" food item we tried.  Meaning it wasn't the best or among the best of that item we had ever tasted.  Our only complaint was that it was too saucy.  Would have preferred to been able to taste more of the huge lobster pieces stuffed into the brioche style buns.  They came with great cole slaw.  Think KFC but way less mayonaissey and way fresher.. . Beer -- a freaking fantastic beer selection.  One of the top three I can think of in terms of scope, quality and size.  Don't know what you're doing?  Ask for a recommendation from the bartenders.  They know their trade  Maybe try a cask ale.  Nom nom nom.  Interested in Coors Light?  Go kill yourself.  Or you'll be the guy down the bar who was literally laughed at by the bartender.. . Happy hour -- whaaaaat?  They have two.  I think one is from 4-7 and the other is from 10 - ???  Half price drafts.  This means you can get outstanding beers are very reasonable prices  $1 wings, $2 oysters and $3 sliders.  The oysters are always $2, but whatever  The wings were fairly small but very tasty and served with a chunky blue cheese.  The oysters were also not huge, but of good quality and served with some of the hottest horseradish I have ever had.  And also with straight up seaweed, son.  Eat it.  The slider was a good size and high in quality.  Also not cooked to a crisp.  I dipped it in my leftover wing blue cheese.  Awww yeah.. . Bartenders -- they are GREAT here.  Super friendly and super knowledgeable.  Tip them well because you will be going back and back and back if you know what's good for you.  Marielle {sp?}, Tom and Ashley primarily took care of us during our most recent visits.  They are just the best  . . A few things to note:. . There are dining tables with built in taps that keep track of how much you've poured, to the 1/10th pint.  Help yourself.  . . There are bathroom attendants.  Probably the only thing I don't like about Todd's, but the attendants were friendly and not really annoying.. . Did I mention seven second beers?. . A bunch of TVs with at least two big screens on each side of the bar to catch the game
Eleanor the bartender: fuckin' awesome. Period.
Came here during our annual Christmas vacation and the service and lobster rolls did NOT disappoint! We forgot to have dessert, maybe too many oysters on happy hour! BUT we love this place and the staff is so awesome! on our list for must stop in Vegas!
The brown butter lobster rolls are literally the best lobster rolls I have ever had in my life--lobster rolls are my favorite food, I get them everywhere. Along with $2 oysters, who could ask for anything more? The service is phenomenal. The atmosphere is great. Come and eat here! Immediately! A perfect lunch stop. Charlie, Mariel, Crystal are PHENOMAL!
Great menu and atmosphere.  Awesome beer selection.  Steve is an awesome waiter
I have been here several times with friends and family. This is one great place for beer, food and a fun time!  They have a wide selection of beers and they even have the table where you can pour your own beer! How fun is that! I tried several of their dark beers last time I was there and I certainly will return for their Gluten free beer, what an intrresting concept.  . For food, I enjoy fried pickles lots! The tsweetness and sourness match perfectly with the cripsy outside. Another appetizer is the duck buns. The bun seems a bit too much but the duck is juicy and delicious. Main course I like the beef brisket and prime ribs in their bbq section. . Lamb chop is a great choice too but unfortunately they do not have mint jelly. My all time favourite is the shepherd's pie which is a must order !
Best sweet potato fries and ranch in Vegas, hands down!. . Stumbled upon this place after wandering around Aria and City Center on our first night in Vegas and the P.U.B. won over my fiance in a hurry.  Came in for some delectable brews and of course, these sweet potato fries.  Tried a multiple number of drinks and each one was delicious!  The Mead is FANTASTIC... especially for people like me who aren't into hoppy and bitter beers.  Also the Strawberry Lambic Mojito is delicious and I highly recommend it for anyone who wants something less brewy and more cocktaily. Oh, but I haven't even told you the best part.  LATE NIGHT HAPPY HOUR is the jam!  Great drink specials and good deals on appetizers.  YES PLEASE!!. . The food is pretty good too...we obviously came back for more than just fries before we left Vegas (very helpful that we were staying at Vdara).  Split a chicken sandwich for lunch - definitely splitable for two people without enormous appetites.  Topped off with a couple of drinks and we were in business.  The Bloody Mary's were all the rage on Saturday afternoon for brunch but I'm not a Bloody Mary drinker myself so I passed.  I will say though, I wouldn't have another Oyster Shooter there... incredibly disgusting.  Washed it down with my Strawberry Lambic Mojito and I was A-OK!. . Love love love and HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
OMG I wish I could come back soon to eat everything else on the menu.  Its high end bar food for sure, the lobster roll was the best I had.  Great beverage selection and dont forget to make your own bloody mary!
The food gets expensive here quickly, but the service is flat out outstanding. This became our favorite place to hang out in Vegas because it was so comfortable. Good beer specials if you like IPAs. Wine Wednesday is a great deal. But I keep coming back to how well our servers and bartenders treated us when we came in. They're friendly and they care.
This was the perfect end to a tiring day in Las Vegas - good beer, tasty food, and fun atmosphere. . We had to wait by the bar for about 30 minutes before getting a table, but it was fine with us to have a drink and take time to read over the rest of the beer and food menus. They are pretty extensive, so if you can't find something that strikes your fancy, you may need to broaden your horizons a bit....  A few people have complained in reviews about the loud music - we sat in a booth by the bar and had no problem with volume. The place was jam-packed. To me, that just says that its a popular place and people would want to be there. I've risked it with other restaurants that looked good on the outside, but my first clue should have been all the empty tables. This isn't the case with PUB - let the always-crowded dining room speak for itself!. I had the prime rib sliders and oh, wow were they delicious. My husband did one of th DIY sandwich options on the menu - he had just finished the Las Vegas Half marathon, and the amounts of food and beer we got were just what he needed. Sure, the prices are higher than what you might pay at a pub in another city, but for Las Vegas, it was fantastic. If you're looking for a low-key, not too stuffy place to have some good food, good service, and good beer, this is it.
What an awesome place!... Our waiter was super nice.. Even though I just forgot her name..lol.. SORRY!!.. . . Lots of fun... Make sure you go there during happy hour for discounted goodies...
What a great find!  Great staff, food, and beer.  Beers a little pricey but I guess that's Vegas now.  Fried oysters and Tuna tare tare was awesome.  Lots of locals seem to come and eat at the bar alone ...
We walked in for a pint b/c it was HH - which is a fantastic deal! Bar was packed with diners and March Madness fans. Overheard it was just as busy at St. Pats. We got some bar seats from a couple that was leaving. So that was a plus. Not sure how long the wait was for a table.  Was in amazement at how hard everyone was working! Especially our bartender Ralph! Who you MUST seek out when your there. Honestly he earned this place its 5th star. Great atmosphere. Food looked good (we had reservations elsewhere that night).  Was coming out at a good pace. Cask conditioned beer HUGE plus! Good selection of other beers too. Everyone was having a good time. Especially entertaining to watch people attempt "the 7 second beer challenge".  And all this coming from someone who is in the biz and hard to please!
Amazing nacho's! Get a shot and stay a while, the bartenders are fast on a busy weekend. We went on the first weekend of March Madness and had a great time. PS the "7 Second Beer Challenge" is really 5.5 seconds.
Hands down the best service, during rush hour weekend lunch. Our server, Trisha treated us like family and catered to our needs during such a busy weekend. We had party of 6 and all our drinks were topped off and she kept checking on us to make sure we were having a good time. I've been to a lot of pubs and this one ranks among thebest.
My favorite place on the strip! Great beers and food! Perfect atmosphere!
LOVE it!. . They have 4 pub height tables that have their own taps! They were taken so I was so jealous!!!! With their signature P.U.B. brew. . They give you popcorn in a tin bucket, powdered with blue cheese, so I was quickly appeased. The mussels were amazing in a tomato base and I have got to learn how to make thin crostinis at home. The in-house made potato chips are amazing. . . If you check-in here at yelp, you get a free pint of bud light!!! . Yeah YELPERS!!!
I am a huge fan of the beer selection and happy hour, not so much on the food. As a beer aficianado, I was impressed by the choices of beer on the menu. Not an overwhelming list, just a good list. Happy hour makes this one of the most affordable places in Vegas to drink, too. Also, Todd gives away free beer on the 7-second challenge. He cheats a little by making you start and finish with the glass on the table, which takes a second and a half out of the time, so a 5.5-second slam if you can. Good for two free beers a night.. Also they have four cask beers on pump, but I was mislead by the menu when it appeared they had a custom bourbon cask beer, when in reality they have a custom bourbon, AND four cask beers but they are unrelated. . The rib-eye chili was nothing to write home about.
Stopped in on Saturday night to grab some snacks with a friend... we were seated promptly, the service was fantastic, and the food...I can't stop thinking about. As many of the reviews have said the lobster rolls are to die for. Anyone who says differently apparently doesn't have much of a pallete. Don't get the homemade chips with blue cheese and bbq sauce, because you won't stop eating them! They are tangy and sharp and you won't want them to end. Quality ingredients on all that was ordered which included sliders and clams. I am in Vegas at least four times a year and this will become one of my regulars!
Wide selection of beers and World best Bloody Mary. Their BM is so fancy with wing, mini corn,  slider, cheese, olive, salami and celery. Oysters are so fresh. Definitely would come back
This is the best customer service we experienced during our short trip to Vegas. We were mocking every "great" new place as we would experience horrible service at every single one of them. This is the first place that felt like the staff actually cared.
All I can say is lobster roll!!!
Busy busy place... great happy hour specials! Great server! . . We will be back next time we are at the Aria.
When I goto Vegas, I have to stop by the pub and have my lobster rolls. With all the fine eateries in Vegas, this is one of my favs. Great food and atmosphere.
Judging by the other reviews, maybe we were here on a really great day, but my boyfriend and I truly had such a wonderful time that we came here twice in one weekend. We were home visiting my parents for Memorial Day but did 1 night at the Aria. After checking in we wanted a quick bite but didn't want to ruin our appetites for Hakkasan later so popped over here on a recommendation from the front desk agent. Obviously Todd English has a renowned reputation and resume to match, but judge this for what it is, a casual pub with a luxurious twist. He already has a 5-star elegant restaurant on the strip at Bellagio, Olives, so why compare? . . It's a fun atmosphere with outdoor seating in front of the pond outside Crystals shopping center and the Aria lobby. Inside is decked out with red leather booths, a large circular bar, and expansive tables. They have a sports theme and happy hour deals, so we ordered the wings which were a dollar a piece and were really really yummy. The perfect blend of crispy and tender, spicy and mild, dunked in blue cheese sauce. Then we split a lobster cobb salad which I believe is one of their signature items for good reason. We both had huge portions even though we split one order, and they were very generous with the lobster. . . The next morning all of the breakfast places at Aria were teeming with lines of tourists and we just weren't in the mood so we came back here! I had a dish that I may have possibly come up with in a dream:. . Bagel tacos (shell made from crispy thin bagel slices) filled with scrambled eggs, lox, sour cream, and caviar, served with a side of mixed greens tossed in a champagne vinaigrette. Whoaaaaaaaaa buddy this was amazing. T had a corned beef hash topped with poached eggs that was served in a personal sized cast iron skillet.. . There were women walking around who were literally busting, BUSTING, out of their red gingham bustiers hawking customized bloody marys which were pretty cool. We didn't order any but they had a paper checklist and you could add everything from herbs, peppers, onions, veggies, to oysters, lobster claws, bacon strips, etc. Would absolutely go back next time I'm in town! Casual atmosphere with excellent food.
Excellent.  Been here on three different trips now.  The food is varied -- it's hard to choose! -- but uniformly excellent.  Big portions -- once we took lunch back to the Vdara and basically had it again (happily!) for dinner.  Everything has been great, and don't fear ordering the basic stuff, like the extra-long chili dog.
"The food is so mediocre in every way. The beer list and Eleanor are above average.". . Rick B - you couldn't be more wrong. My burger w/ BBQ and cole slaw was outstanding.. . Sit at the bar, enjoy the many beer selections, and say HI to Eleanor for me - she rocks.
Really enjoyed the pub today for lunch. My husband and I shared a few different appetizers and everything was delicious. Little expensive but isn't everything in Vegas? Kinberley was our waitress and she was very good! We enjoyed her! Great experience I would recommend!
Todds English PUB is a great place to get a bite to eat and watch the game!. . First of all, service was lightning fast...I am not exaggerating. From order to table, it took a little over 5 minutes. It was actually a little scary fast!  And they were completely packed with a waiting list.. . I ordered a New Amsterdam : 10 oz. beef patty, shaved pastrami, kraut,swiss cheese, and picklelilly. This was a very good burger, cooked perfectly, lightly seasoned, but with an excellent slightly charred Pastrami. Awesome! Got it split, and they double the fries for their separate servings! Win!. . Prices are decent for the strip...I think the burger and fry was around $18, but since they doubled the fries on the split and had the free draft beer with Yelp check in, this was a great value!. . They also have a dual happy hour, with 50% pints, $1 wings, $2 oysters, and $3 sliders!  3-6pm and 10pm-Late!. . Check it out if you are looking for some good eats!
You can't go wrong here. Food is amazing. Portions are big and prices are reasonable!
Huge portions of modern pub food, like ahi tuna burger or lobster sliders. Extensive craft beer selection. Upbeat, knowledgeable servers. We've been there twice, and will definitely return.
After finding out we had an extra day to spend in Las Vegas, my friend and I happened into Todd English's for lunch. Everything was fantastic from the moment we walked in ( right as they opened at 11). The service was genuine & helpful- we sat at the bar with Ralph and he really made our day. We were searching for a hotel - he reccomended one we never would have otherwise found & it turned out to be an amazing place. The food was very tasty and generously portioned.  I had the lobster rolls (another great reccomendation by Ralph) they were buttery and the lobster was nice and tender. The menu is fun and diverse, and they have a superb beer selection. The whole staff was great, loved the atmosphere, overall just a great spot for lunch!
happy hour = fab. . oysters = yum . fries = awesome. buffalo wings = good
Everything was delicious and pretty reasonably priced for a LV restaurant with a big chef name! I had the Lobster Roll and loved every bite. With whole claw and checks of tail meat filling (and spilling out of) a perfectly toasted buttery soft roll. My mouth waters all over again just thinking about it. It came with home cooked potato chips and coleslaw. It comes in 3 pieces and I was with company, but I totally forgot to (or didn't want to) share it! I don't think I even talked until I finished my last bite. I also had some waffle fries, shared by the table, that was also excellent. The experience and food was so good that we even thought about returning to the restaurant again during the trip! Definitely will go again next time I'm in town.
Had just eaten at a couple high end restaurants (the Sage notably) and had the worst service ever and had to pay for it.    Expecting the same pretentiousness all over, we were pleasantly surprised when we showed up without a reservation and the hostess was a doll and our waiter equally nice.  Not to mention, our food came fast!. . I love nice people and I completely sucked in all the smiles and graciousness like I was starved for it.   The food was hit and miss but I can recommend the happy hour sliders and the bloody mary's.   The bloody mary's are a meal in itself.   Meaty with the right amount of spice, tart and tang.   The beef sliders don't look like much when they come out but the meat is juicy and seasoned well with a dollop of carmelized onions...more please!   Completely pass on the chicken sliders and the pretzel.   They were tasteless and the pretzel was dry.   . . This place has a nice, warm, low key pub atmosphere you expect to get at a local joint.   That's hard to accomplish in a place like Vegas.    Todd English also has another restaurant named "Olives" in the Bellagio and it has the same ambiance but is more upscale so I think it's a vibe he strives for.   . . There is indoor seating and outdoor seating.   The outdoor seating is right at the entrance to Aria resort but you don't feel like you're hanging out in the middle of everything.   It's nice lil spot for people watching and you'll see a lot ;- /
This place is awesome!  There is no way it should only have 3.5 stars!  Go have some Lobster Rolls and a pint you will not regret it!  While there say hi to some of the best peeps you will ever meet: Brandon, Lauren, Elsinore & Dana Rock!!!  See you soon!
Very good pub for an informal dinner and high quality beer.  Had the New Amsterdam Burger and it was fantastic.  Try the Firestone IPA, but be warned that it will spoil all following drinks as they will pale in comparison.  Our server was very nice and offered good advice on food and drink choices as well as brought samples of comparable brews.  Will certainly try this place again on our next visit.
PUB is Such a great find. They have custom $14 bloody mary's so Evan and Andrea seemed to enjoy spending 20 minutes with the kilted "Bloody Mary Girl" picking out their combo. Perhaps this had something to do with her giant bazoombas? Mor me, 48 hours of straight Vegas binge drinking and the very thought of tomato juice, vodka and spicy made last night's 4 a.m. "4th meal" begin to re-surface.. . I was really happy I ordered the $24 lobster roll, it was unbelievable! So much lobster smeared in this flavored butter on crispy bread and with a small accompaniment of fries (though they did give me the wrong kind of fries). I will be craving this meal until my next Vegas trip. Hey Evan, can you pick me up one to go on your way to L.A.?
The Brown Butter Lobster Rolls were insane! My dish surpassed expectations and absolutely DELIVERED.. . The venue is great as well. It's a large space set in a classic pub environment with a bit of a luxurious spin on it courtesy of being located at The Aria.. . If you're in Vegas you should check this place out.
The best dining experience I've had as of yet (in Las Vegas)! Food was on point and service was over the top! We stopped in for a late lunch/early dinner/happy hour. They weren't busy on a Monday at 4. We sat at a tap table where we had the option of Woodchuck or Mission IPA. The IPA was good! During happy hour, whatever your pour is 1/2 price. We couldn't say no. I'm still not sure if that was a good decision. . . The waitress totally indulged us and let us have fun. We ordered pretzels, wings ($1/ea on Mondays), oysters on the 1/2 shell ($2 during happy hour), and then a burger was ordered as well as some tacos. Wings were notably good. Perfectly done. The burger was spectacular! I only had one bite and I wanted 20 more. More flavor than any burger we've had at BURGR. The tacos and oysters were noted as fine by those who ordered them, but nothing to go crazy over. Before tip, everything (including drinks was $100).. . One of our group did the pint challenge. Drink a pint in 7 seconds or less and it's free. A fun little event! They ring a bell in the place if you get it. Well, he got it and got a free beer! Our waitress also gave us to go cup for our tap table after we cashed out. How nice was that?. . An overall great experience! P.U.B. will be a regular stop for us in Vegas from now on.
I have dined and cocktailed at PUB three times over the course of two Vegas weekends, and this is the perfect place to wind down, take a breather, or get your game on.. . Twice I have had reservations (once for 3, the second time for 12), and once I walked in solo and asked to be seated at the bar.  All three times, my booty was on a seat faster than you can say Jiminy Cricket.  . . The Vegas restaurant scene is extraordinarily pretentious, often without justification.  This place is the antidote!  Good food, good beverage, good service, good ambiance (although a bit loud), good prices.  They have happy hour twice a day, and they are open early for rehab a/k/a Bloody Mary hour.  Don't miss it, even if you have to crawl.  You will thank me.. . The food is basic yet playful gourmet.  Don't come looking for molecular gastronomy, because this place doesn't take itself that seriously.  Who wants that at noon on a Saturday anyway?  Not this girl!. . The food is pub fare, yet creative.  Gluten and dairy free options are clearly marked, if it matters.. . The servers are friendly, the patrons are friendly, the beer and cocktail selection is good.  At the bar, the bartenders facilitate and encourage interaction with other customers.  When I came solo while waiting on my room at Aria to be ready, I had a great time joking around and drinking with the honeymooners who were next to me, thanks to the bartender who chatted us up.  . . Any attire will fit in here, just come as you are.  Lug your suitcase.  Do the walk of shame.  Whatever it takes, just come.. . Don't miss Todd English P.U.B.
This place was amazing!  Started with fresh oysters, half East Coast half West Coast,  I could have eaten a dozen more,  delish! Was torn between the lobster buns and the duck sliders,  chose the sliders and they were to. die. for!! Tasted like the meat had been marinating for days, full of flavor with a taziki sauce on the side that went very well with the sliders. My brother loves a challenge and of course murdered two beers in way less then the 7 seconds given! 7 seconds or less=free beer (2 drink max) lol,  he could have went all night:) Weather was great,  all around awesome! !
Livin' The life!!!! At The Pub!  Oyster shooters and oysters!  delicious! Great bar tender!!  A must at happy hour !!! crystals! Las Vegas !!!!
Great beer selection. You also don't want to pass up the Bloody Mary on a Sunday morning. Fantastic. Excellent bar staff! Great place to socialize and enjoy a few rounds.
I have had my substantial... well actually too many for one's own good, of Vegas affairs and visits in my lifetime. So I have seen, wined, dined, swam, raved, raged, raved, and raged etc... pretty much most places worth going to.  I have always thoroughly enjoyed Todd English P.U.B. conveniently located by the lobby of Aria.  This spot has been, the new up and coming place, and has flourished ever since.. . Great place to come and grab some nice bar bites and as always a great selection of alcohol.  They have a very unique and special brew menu to choose from with beers coming from all corners of the world.  AAAAND wooow... their Bloody Marry's.... over the top crazy!  Very nice and original house mix... but their fixin's.... is literally like a bouquet of goodies overflowing from the top of your glass.  There is literally like a full meal of food dressing your glass, from chicken wings, to cold cuts, to shirmp, and even a crab leg, all blossoming out of your bloody marry.  Of course you can make it to your customized liking.  I think it was a bit too busy for me, so I will stick to the basics next time... but it was OH SO GOOD! :P. . I always always ALLLWAYS bring the crew here for the seven second beer chug challenge!  It's a really fun way to get the party started during the day while hanging out and munching on some good eats.  You basically choose a premium $9 beer, and you have to chug a pint of it in 7 seconds and its $FREE.99 :P  You can do it twice.  Awesome way to get a free buzz going!  Of course please do tip your bar tender well!  The 7 second chug is quite doo-able, but if you need something easier to complete this challenge, try the Irish Creme beer they have, it is less carbonated and goes down way smoother.  Usually they don't let you, but if you rub the bar tender the right way, and you feel like a champ, try to do the 7sec chug with a nice dark stout and you will be good for a while.  Tried it a couple times and... yea... it unleashed the beast! :P. . Finally.. on to the food... Yummmzzz!  Very tasty and creative.  We always get the Junk Chips to munch on and soak up the alchy.  It is pretty tasty with fresh cut and fried housemade chips loaded with bbq pulled beef, loaded with a house aioli and all the nacho type fixin's.  It is like a classy... nacho... on roids.  Their main dishes and entrees are very good as well.  They have a super wide array of eats from fresh salads, to lobster rolls, to fancy burgers, to a raw seafood bar, and grade A protein, there will be something to fancy your appetite!. . Great upscale bar like atmosphere accompanied with friendly and welcoming service.  Not the cheapest place on the block to grab a bite and drinks, but heck, you're in Vegas... you didn't come here to save money. ;P  I will always pay a visit when I am in town!
Came across this pub on accident.   We tried going to wolf gang pucks .unfortunately they were closed and we came here.  They have an awesome happy hour and our waiter chris oneil was superb. We would definitely cone back and dine here again.  Lobster roll is on point and the burger was so juicy.  Definitely give this place a try.
Came to the pub for happy hour got a server named Chris O.took care of us Great service good food no complaints
Wow, this was a great find! My friend and I stopped in for lunch, we started off with mimosas. Yum. She ordered the grilled cheese, comes as a panini with cheese and bacon, great! I ordered the bologna sandwich, oh my, big toasted white bread, thin fried bologna, cheese, I added mustard and enjoyed this wonderful sandwich. Loved the presentation, comes wrapped inside a brown bag with kettle chips and a chocolate chip cookie. So many great things on the menu, gotta get back to try more! This is going to be one of my favorite places to eat!
Atendimento muito bom principalmente se for atendido pelo Brandon   Cara super legal. Comida muito boa. Happy hour vale muito a pena conferir.
Awesome place! This is the best selection for good beer I have found in Vegas. My wife and I stopped here for happy hour and had $1 IPA's and I had $1 wings. The wings were sizable and filling. I had 6. My wife went with an orderof muscles which were very delicious as well. I did half of her order.. . We ate outside and while it is off the beaten path; it is a nice quiet atmosphere. We are actually headed back for their $1 beer of the day again today.
