Spent our ONE NIGHTER here for NYE 2011 and it was AMAZING!. . My friend had a free night and when we got there and checked in they said they were completely booked on regular rooms and hooked us up with an EXECUTIVE SUITE!! I thought my friend was just kidding as we were walking into our rooms. I was like yeah whatever.... . Once the door opened the four of us we're like on the first episode of the Real World when they first see their house! We were running around screamin no way, this is awesome!!! I've never stayed in such a huge room. Even tho it's an older hotel we still had like 5 couches, two bathrooms, a tub, his and her sink & closet, king size bed, a bar [which we were standing on hahaha] and did i mention it was all for FREE?!?!. . It was the best way to ring in the new year! I wish we could get that room all the time :[ Prob theee best one nighter yet!!!
I was there recently for a trade show. Quick review but a good one. Very knowledgeable Valet and very clean inside!
Nice Hotel. Great Rates and perfect location. Right in the center of everything. You don't have to walk very far for anything.
Great affordable hotel on the strip. Everything is clean. Also, it is connected to the Paris hotel. There are free shuttles to the rio, which is great if you want to go to the buffet. Although, the North tower is MUCH more modern than the south tower.
We enjoyed so much our stay, close to everywhere. The room was extremely clean, nice, comfortable bed, and worth the money we spent.. The staff was friendly, and helpful. The facilities were great, and spotless as well. Even the breakfast was delicious.. For sure, we'll come back and highly recommend to anyone to stay here !
I enjoyed my stay here immensely. We only paid $52 for 1 night, got comped for 3 more and were upgraded to suites in the North tower. The rooms we stayed in were immaculate, the casino was loose enough, the pool was great and the central location was amazing!. . To be honest, I was really only in the room to sleep and shower! The point of Vegas is to be out and about!
I'm a fan! $300 for 4th of July weekend!. . Great location, free upgrade to North tower! Best part of my Vegas trip, watching the Caesars Palace's fireworks show from our room!. . Pretty much the whole strip is walking distance, rooms were great. Pool was fun, Definitely will be returning.
I stayed in the North Tower of Bally's Las Vegas for a ridiculous $27/night over Labor Day weekend 2011 on the Las Vegas Strip. First, if you don't know, Bally's connects to neighboring upscale Paris and it is an easy walk between the two casinos. Restaurants, shops, gaming and upscale decor abounds. Traveling on my own for personal business, I didn't hit the cheap buffet or any of the shows. . . Check-in was easy with only a short wait. Service was helpful and quick, the room in the North Tower was clean, very nice and quiet (per my request, always ask for a quiet room location in Vegas), internet service was $12 for 24 hours. The AC worked, was not excessively loud, and the bathroom had strong water pressure. I did not eat room service or at the restaurant but I have no doubt it was excellent. (In fact, I've not had a bad meal in Vegas even at dive bars). . Ballys prime strip location offers easy access to the monorail service up and down the strip and on foot there is plenty to do right outside. I spent some time in nearby Miracle Mile Shops (a huge mall with shops, bars, clubs, etc., connected to Planet Hollywood) just a short walk away. . . The self parking garage (free) offers easy access to Paris and as mentioned a short walk to Ballys. In terms of gaming, the service was good, the floor was lively, well lit and clean, no odors, carpet looked fresh and not dingy. Overall, I was very pleased with Bally's and would stay there again. Recommended and ideal for active couples, families or traveling alone.
The Sterling Buffet is AMAZING! It is worth every cent. I highly recommend anyone visiting or living for that matter in Vegas go to this buffet. I never experienced anything like it.. . To start off they serve you champagne. All you can eat prime rib, Alaskan king crab legs, caviar with creme fraiche, fresh oysters, shrimp cocktail, mini Belgian waffles, an omelet station, just to name a few...
First trip to vegas and paid for 2 nights at the north tower deluxe. Room was big and restroom was just as roomy! Clean and worth the price! I love the fact that they had white sheets/beddings because nothing bugs me more than dark flowery covers (can't see stains or creatures!). Room service was great. Trip from self-parking however...is quite the walk. Very quiet atmosphere(in room) and staff was friendly. I read someone saying there are coffee makers....no there wasn't any in our room. Internet and cable came with a fee. No fridge. However down the hall by the lounge/ vending machines, there is an ice machine which was very convenient since we did bring a cooler.
Been to Vegas quite a few times now and safe to say, I've found my inexpensive (relatively) hotel in the middle of the Strip. From the outside, it looks dated and compared to all the shiny new hotels on the strip, it doesn't look appealing at all. But, I was surprised how large the room I stayed in was and how well the bathroom looked. The room I stayed in had two queen beds and the usual tv cabinet, desk and plush love seat. The bathroom had wall-to-wall granite, under-mount sink and an elongated toilet - all very well done. Only thing staying here is that isn't much a view of the Strip but I don't really mind since I'd rather be on the Strip then looking over it. . . Bally's is connected to Paris by a tunnel from the casino floor. This is great, if you are like me who thinks a change of scenery will magically bring good luck!. . The best part of staying at Bally's is the fact that walking out you are greeted by the Fountains of Ballagio. It is also a short walk to City Center, the newest hotels (as of this writing) on the Strip to the south. It is alsoa short walk to The Venetian and Caesars Palace to the north. . . If you don't really care that it looks a bit dated, but want to be close to all the action of the Strip and a relatively short stumble back from a great night out, I think Bally's a great choice!
This was my first hotel ever in Vegas. Conveniently located in the middle of the strip, so easy access to the shenanigans. When we checked in for spring break they ran out of the rooms we had reserved so they upgraded us to a 2 floor suite which was hella bad ass. Not only did we have an entire bedroom on the 2nd floor, but the downstairs had a full on living room with mini kitchen and an extra bathroom. Unfortunately, we had to move to another room 2 nights later, but it was bitchin while it lasted. Overall, pretty legit hotel that accomodates when they mess up.
I stayed there on 3/20 thru 3/22 & was very impressed. I get compd roms so since I hadn't stayed here in a long time I decided on ballys. The room (I got upgraded at no cost to the north tower) was huge & had a side view of the strip, next to bills gambling hall. The bed was oh so comfortable, the bathroom & shower were nice. The water in the shower was strong (great after a long night) & felt great. It had a seperate dressing area also. Its not fancy like a bellagio or wynn, but even 4 those of u that pay 4 ur hotel room I definitely recommend ballys.  the room didn't have a flatscreen, but really who gives a sh&^ u can still watch tv. Besides ur in vegas, why would u be in ur room watching tv?  I don't agree with some ppl's postings of the beds being uncomfortable, I loved it & the pillows were great. I slept very soundly.  Its a short walk to the paris hotel & they have cute shops in their walkway over. They also have an awesome pizza place rt across frm the village buffet in paris. Its only $10 & u get 2 huge slices (artichoke & margherite were awesome) & a drink. Their staff is friendly too. I was greeted with a huge smile by april at the front desk. She was so sweet & offered some good info, even for a vegas pro like me. All in all I think this is my favorite place now to stay in vegas. Harrahs also has nice rooms by the way. Flamingo's is pretty small & the room I once stayed in (about 3 yrs ago) was pretty old. On a last note, because I was next to a noisy street, I did hear it but even that doesn't sway me frm giving it 5 stars ;-)
Bally's is the place I've stayed at during my last couple of Vegas trips. I will admit that I can be a degenerate gambler at times and lose more than I care to mention so I have always stayed comped here. This is a nice, no frills hotel. Mostly people stay here because it is one of the cheaper options when it comes to casinos on the Strip. I find it laughable however when people openly state they come here because it's the cheapest place available but then complain that the amenities aren't on par when compared to Aria or Bellagio. This is a friendly reminder that you get what you pay for. . . The entrance here is a little tricky because you enter from the Strip and everyone knows that pedestrians here aren't considerate to cars. However, once you valet, the check in desk is an easy walk from the entrance. The line can look long sometimes but the wait is really short since both times I've been here the desk clerks have been really efficient.. . The one good tip I can give here is to slip a $20 bill between your credit card and ID and ask about any available upgrades. Both times I went from a standard room in the south tower (older tower) to the north tower (refurbished tower) in whatever suite they have available. This trip our upgraded room was a junior suite.. . The casino floor here is on the smaller side. Not as small as Imperial Palace but not set up in a maze like Caesar's Palace is. If you want a bigger casino, Bally's in connected via inside walkway to Paris. However, since the hotel is basically in the center to the strip, you won't have too far of a walk to any other casino you wish to go to.. . If you aren't a fan of walking, there is a monorail station in the back of the casino. You have to go down the escalator and make the hike there. It's right next to the pool entrance. . . There is a 24 hour Sbarro downstairs and a tequila bar in the casino that stays open late. I don't know much about other food options because those are the only two I've tried.
Wow so unexpected! I never knew this hotel can be so bomdiggity! I didn't want to book this hotel be sue it is old but because im so happy I did. Three days and two nights for $130 total.. Split among ten girls..$13 person. I was afraid that the room might be small, but it wasnt... 450 square feet of awesomeness.. . I got a deluxe room with two queen size beds (non smoking). We got a view of flamingo and a bit of mirage and caesars palace. We fitted ten girls in this room with extra spaces for clothes, purses, shoes, and bags.  So there you have it.. It's very spacious. . . Pros: . Spacious. Comes with a bar area and fridge. Restroom is nice and big: I like this type of restroom because it is split into two rooms. One is for vanity and the other one is for showering and doing number one and two. . Mirrors: mostly good for girls cuz we all need to get ready for clubbing and we can all have own area. Price. Ask for as many blankets, shampoos, lotions, conditioners, soap and pillows without the people getting annoyed. . Cons:. Cheap toilet papers make my ass hurts a bit. I'm used to charmin double quilted. No free toothbrush ( my friend wants me to say that cuz she forgot hers. . Casino: quite small, but seems like a lot of people are having fun. All I'm looking for is the craps and pai gow table and also craps machine but I don't see it.. . I feel like I'm at Disneyland going through that horizontal escalator. Kinda cool... If you run on that escalator, you'll feel like a cheetah.. . Location is awesome. Smack dab in the middle between marquee and xs. And of course diagonally across the street from serendipity 3!!
Great hotel!!! Stayed in North Tower and room was all that and more!! Clean big and just great!!! Won't ever stay anywhere else!
Love Ballys! The value way exceeds the price. Everything was great! Where to start...first the music in the lounge is fantastic with Resa singing a Whitney Houston song so beautifully. Great dancing and music choices. I love that they have a coffee bar open 24 hours. Housekeeping does not miss a beat which is rare in most hotels. The hotel is easy very user friendly. Bartenders nice and good breakfast in the cafe. For a middle nite snack loved the Tequlia bar for 2 dollar tacos. Friendly manager and nice bartenders. My only comparison is Bellagio where I did not have a good experience. I sent back my omelet because it was cold and thewaiter asked me if i wanted it microwaved. I thought I was on candid camera but sadly I was not. Imagine a nuked omelet in a 5 star hotel. But the management was quick to respond and very professional. I think Ballys is the best kept secret. Plan to go back many more times.
Had a blast! Staff and hotel is wonderful! I have been to Vegas several times and this was my favorite hotel so far! Central and connected to Paris hotel.
No complaint of this hotel! The room me and my God-Family got was a king sized bed, and a couch. The space was huge! We bought a twin sized blow up bed, and I swear, like 5 more can fit in that room. I thought it couldn't get any better! .. and it didn't. The bathroom was so small. :[ LOL. . . Love how its at the strip! LOVE the location!
I love Ballys.  It's not the newest hotel on the block - but the rooms are always clean, we usually get a deal thru Total Rewards (players card) and it is an optimal central location on the Strip.  The last time my husband and I were here, we were upgraded to a sweet suite.  Also-they usually have new/fun slot machines (with the best bonus spins) and hands down, warmest bartenders in Vegas.  We always-always visit Steve at the bar and its like visiting an old friend.  I will continue to book at Ballys as long as those deals keep coming my way.
In my opinion, Bally's is one of those hotels that a lot of people under estimate. Sure it's not one of those high end hotels that you see on the strip. But believe me, you will be quite surprised by the convenience Bally's serves for their customers. . . What I like about this hotel is three things: . . 1) Location, Location, Location!! . It is right dead center of a lot of popular hotels that people go to, such as Bellagio (as well as the fountains), Paris, Planet Hollywood, Caesar's Palace, and even Cosmopolitan. You don't need a car to go to different hotels, just walk. . . 2) Cheap and Decent. I used a promo (aka discount) and end up splitting the cost with the people who stayed with me. It was actually not that bad. And on top of that, I booked the classic room (located in the south tower), and it was actually SPACIOUS!! The bathroom had a lot of space and as well as the bedrooms. As for the view...I was LUCKY enough to see Caesar's Palace and part of the Bellagio Fountains. It was awesome. . . 3) Connected to the Paris Hotel. If there are any places I want to see or dine for food, why not go to Paris Hotel? I was very lucky to try their famous restaurant Mon Ami Gabi and it was absolutely delicious. Plus, I managed to gamble in the casinos and be near Sugar Factory. . . Overall, the service was really good when checking in. They handle things really well. Although the room may need somewhat of an upgrade, you don't need to worry about it. After all, you will be our and about in Las Vegas partying and walking on the strip. :) . . At a cheap rate, I would definitely come back to this place and stay.
My husband and I went dancing at the club at Bally's.  It was AWESOME - we had so much fun.  its free to get in and you have a 2 drink minium which is fine. But the band and music was incredible.  If your looking to go have some fun you should stop and check this out.
Last night we went to "Tony & Tina's Wedding" @ Bally's Casino. Man! I was totally blown away! We got there a little early and were seated with some other people. Some of the cast members came over and just started talking to us as if "we" were part of the "Wedding Party" Totally in Character, and never breaking until we left the show 2 1/2 hours later! I should have been cautious when I saw a "very pregnant bridesmaid" coming down the escalator as we approached the ballroom! There was so much stuff going on in this play you could not keep up! Everything funny that could happen in a wedding, "happened"! Cussing, fighting, audience members being pulled into dance routines, drunkenness, way off the wall jokes & physical contact ..... etc etc etc! Tacky tacky tacky. It was great! All this and dinner too! I just have to go back, just  to see what I missed!
Okay to be fair this isn't some high class casino with rooms filled with Doves.. Although,  I did a 5 night $200 deal with Bally's whereI have to use the room before the end of this year. Can't beat that, especially since it includes weekends. I went to the counter, did my $20 tip trick and got upgraded from South to North Tower, w/ view of the strip and fountain. Huge room for my GF and I, not that we really spent too much time there. The pool was actually alot of fun, one of the cabana renters gave us two beers and a half bottle of absolute vodka that the previous party left. . . That's why I love VEGAS, about $45 avg a night for an on strip hotel with a nice pool.
Nice clean room (updated North Tower) right in the middle of everything. Hard to beat.
For the price and location you can't beat it, Bally's is a great place to stay. A big shout out to my Total Experince Concierge Dallas Holmes. :) Dallas you made my experience seamless and great for our guest. I used Bally's to host my guest for my wedding on August 25th. My guest were quickly won over by the location, spacious rooms, and great service.. . Location: Almost on the middle of the strip. so a quick walk to some of the prime locations you may want to visit. Had the perks of Paris, but not the price. Across the street from Ceasar Palace. Bellagio, Paris, Planet hollywood and Miracle Mile Shops. Also monorail picks up from Bally's location. And is connected to Paris hotel with great shops and eateries.. . Rooms: Our room was very spacious in the South Tower Seventh floor. Enough to have 3 queens beds. Flat screen tv was nice especially when it was time to check out all we had to do was press a button. Cleaning ladies came everyday and made our beds, vaccumed and cleaned the bathroom.  Which was nice especially since we stood there for 6 days.  My guest were all happy with their rooms and a few had great views of the stip.. . Service: From top to bottom every member of staff we came in contact with was helpful, and very nice.  Service is stellar here! :). . Bally's was so comfortable I did not want to leave, we added 2 additional days onto our stay.
This was my first time staying in this hotel. Usually, I stay in Circus Circus.. . . This hotel is quite small compared to the other hotels on the strips. It's located right at the center of the strips. The price per night is affordable (It was $30-31, after tax, per night for North Tower Deluxe room during my stay).. . . I really enjoyed my stay at Bally's because:. 1. The price is affordable.. 2. Bally's has a prime location (The center of the strips).. 3. It's connected to Paris hotel, so it felt like I was staying in Paris hotel for a cheaper hotel price.. 4. The floor-cleaning lady at the food court area and the receptionist at the front desk were friendly. . 5. The maid did excellent job in cleaning my room. She replaced my soap and towels every day and gave me extra soap.. 6. The room is spacious and clean.. 7. The bathroom is also clean and meets my standard.. . . I think I will stay here again when I go to Vegas next time.. . . . . Oh, the billing department sent the copy of hotel bill/receipt to my email promptly, within 12-13 hours after I submitted the online form.
What a fantastic Hotel! Its so well connected to the Paris that I myself felt like I was staying at the Paris! The rooms were very clean and check in was decent. Some of the staff looked a touch overworked and one got a touch cranky with my 15+ person group (ok yes i understand there's a lot of us so  forgive)  Your smack dab on the strip and in the middle of everything. I loved my stay here because for the value your smack dab in the middle of all the action of the strip. Its very conveniently located
Stayed here free thanks to comps!. . The best thing I remember about this place is that I discovered a really good drink!! They make it best here. . COLORADO BULLDOG.  it's kinda like coffee/milk  they just baileys!. . ORDER IT when you are gambling!
Bally's gets a Vegas five stars for a non-five star hotel.. . My family spent the week before Christmas at Bally's and once again the hotel surpassed my expectations.   The hotel location is just about the best on the strip.  The rooms are large and very comfortable.  I have stayed at just about all thehotels along the strip for business and pleasure - from all the high-end resorts to the desperately needing updated properties.  The high-ends are over-rated.  If you are properly experiencing Vegas, you should not be spending too much time in your room.  Bally's is not a luxury hotel and if the Wynn or Bellagio is your cup of tea, then it's not going to excite you in any way.  If a comfortable location that is convenient to all the fun is desired, then this is the way to go.   It's best bang for the buck in Las Vegas.
Most Underrated Casino/Hotel on the Vegas strip.. . People seriously understate the value you get out of Ballys. You are getting decent priced rooms, great location right in the middle of the strip, Vibrant casino with easy access to Paris, great room service, and did I mention that the rooms are actually very clean? Ballys has been like my home base in Vegas these last few years. For one I absolutely love the room service. You can actually build your own burger and it is soooooo good! You are in the middle of it all so if you want to go check out bellagio  you can do that. If you want to go the opposite way and check out mirage you can do that. They have live cover bands playing in the casino and they are generally pretty good. They have rapid roulette here which is cool. . . My only negatives. Was here in December and was so mad when they didn't have Nathans and sbarrao open downstairs....like I had my mind set on eating some Nathans lol!!  The casino isn't really loose at all, but you are on the strip mind you. If you want max play for your money then go downtown to freemont street. 5/5 for Ballys! Love this place and even when I'm not staying there, I will always go gamble there anyway.. . Oh and No resort fees. . Bow chickka wow wow!!
Bally's really exceeded our expectations! We have been coming to Vegas for a long time and this was our first chance to stay at Bally's. We were very excited to finally try it as it is one of our favorite casinos. We had an absolute blast! The location was perfect, enabling us to spend a lot of time not only there, but at Caesar's, Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, and Paris, all within easy walking distance. When we arrived in town we were fortunate to find only a short line at check-in, and we had the nicest person waiting on us, who not only gave us a free upgrade since it was our first time, she waived the early check-in fee so we could get our room, unpack, and hit the Strip! Our room was a very pleasant surprise, very roomy, with a comfy king bed and a large bathroom with plenty of towels. We had a construction view, but that was OK with us, as we've been staring at that empty lot for years and are excited to see something being built there. We could still see plenty of lights and mountains too. We love to watch them change color with the sunrise! The room was always cleaned for us when we were out, no hassles there. Sad to see Sbarro's was closed, but it looks like it will be great when it's all remodeled! Thanks Bally's for providing us a great home base for our latest trip, it was one of our favorites and we'll definitely be back! Thanks for NOT charging those resort fees!
Stayed in a non smoking room in the south tower for 3 nights. Not 2 shabby. My room was clean smelled great. That along with a clean non questionable bathroom made the stay pleasant. The cleaners did a great job, all my bathroom supplies where changed n restocked every day. Def not bad for well under $100 a night. Left me extra $ 2 blow on random vegas necessities like booze!
Chose this hotel based on location.  Check in was quick but I was early around 2 pm.  Dennis was very friendly.  upgraded me for ten dollars to the north tower.  I knew the south had a better view but the north is quieter.  Got a nice big room with a good view, not of the strip but it wasnt looking into a  wall.  Safe didnt work so I called ithe front desk.  They sent up a security officer and he couldnt fix it and it would be tomarrow so I called the desk and Rita upgraded me to a suite and was very apologetic.  I got an awesome room and I would have been happy just getting another standard room.  There is some evedince of this room being partied in but it is vegas.  Its very clean and has a coffe maker the other rooms dont.  Didnt have to wait long at all for the desk to correct the issues.  I wasnt bothered by anyone sellling time shares when I got here.  Awesome hotel, great location.
Great place to stay. Cheap and nice. Great location. Nice quite pool area . Good 2$ tacos
We booked a room for $80.00 dollars on hotels.com. When we went to Bally's front counter on July 4th the person at the counter gave us an upgrade without reason. Our room had a giant hot tub, 2 bathrooms, a living room, and a California king bed. Bally's even provided us with a free meal due to the inconvenience of maintenance in our room that only took 15 minutes. My stay here was great and the Blu Pool was amazing.
My husband and I just returned from our quick weekend spent at Bally's in Las Vegas. We are both Total Rewards members and were able to get great room prices over the weekend. TIP: Next time you are in Vegas, sign up for Total Rewards! It's FREE and you get discounted prices on pretty much everything and earn points for freebies and discounts...use your card with every in-hotel purchase! Anywho, we are a younger couple and Bally's gives us the ability to stay on the strip without breaking our budget. We got a room in the North Tower and our room was very nice, newer, clean and the bed was very comfortable. No view (in our room), but who cares. We went to Paris for their pool, which is pretty nice. The casino is nice and the hotel connects with Paris, and basically PlanetHollywood smack dab in the middle of the strip. If you are thrifty but want to stay on the strip and don't necessarily care about having the hippest or most trendy room, Bally's is your place. Close enough to walk to all the cool things and great food. I will definitely return.
Well decided I would do another ballys review. I just stayed here june 27-july 4th 2013. I still love the hotel as much as I did before but there have been changes since my December review. 1.) All cet properties have resort fees now so though it sucks,...it's life. 2.) A whole new look to the food court now. . . I seriously was shocked when I saw the new food court. It was really cool looking, sbarros is back, nathans is back, and they added a johnny rockets. Really good look they got going on. The 6 months of construction were worth it lol. . . Still love the rooms at ballys. No other hotel on the strip can you get giant sized (almost suite like) rooms for a low price. Rooms always are well furnished and clean. Room service is fast and efficient. . . Casino is still tight as hell but we are on the las vegas strip mind you. Wanna win 50% of the time?....go to Reno or go to fremont street. I still think this casino has one of the better vibes on the strip. . . God I love those big ass red chairs they put in the corner of every ballys room.There have been times when I slept in those chairs.
I didn't stay at Bally's so I can't comment on the rooms but I did spend a good deal of time in their casino.. . My favorite casino on the strip.  Why?  Because they are who they are and they're not trying to be something they're not.  They're not shiny or new.  The Cosmopolitan this is not.  The waitresses are a bit rough around the edges and look like they probably work a second shift at some seedy dive bar off the strip.  They can't pull off the tight revealing uniforms that you see the much younger girls wearing at the newer casinos.  And that's ok, well at least for me it is.  I don't care what you look like as long as you keep the (free) drinks coming.  I went hereearly one day, maybe around 11am and our waitress was so on the ball.  She'd plomp a drink down in front of me and be back in less than 5 minutes to ask if I needed another one.  My drink was as full as when she left it but gotta love that initiative!. . Another biggie is that they're one of the few casinos that do $10 minimums as opposed to $15.  This can make a huge difference.. . Also, wut up to Michelle at the roulette table.  She was awesome and I had the quintessential beginner's luck gambling experience at her table.  I think I had at least a 20+ win streak going on and it was the best time ever.  My first time ever gambling in Vegas and I walked with $240 that night.  Not bad for a rookie.
Nice hotel. Right in the middle of everything. Stayed in a standard room with two beds. The rooms were a lot bigger than the rooms at Luxor and around the same price. I'd definitely stay there again. Casino was also nice and stores, food court, and monorail under the casino level. Rooms were clean. Lighting in the rooms could be better but other than that it was a great stay! Stayed in room 1613 in the North Tower. It will be a nice view once the ferris wheel is up and running at The Quad.
Booked our hotel way last minute. Total came out to be 140$ for two nights Killer deal!!! If you split the cost with 4 girls I feel like it's an awesome deal. Plus they have an after hour club inside the hotel that doesn't close till 12:00 noon! Definitely coming back!!!
