Yes, it is that good. Some people just don't get it. In my opinion anyone who says they've "had better" someplace in Phoenix is one of the people who don't get it. The more people that don't like it, the better, as far as I'm concerned. Why? Well.... . The wait is never less than 45 minutes. The best plan is to get some friends and make a reservation, which they will take for parties of 6 or more (max 10 or 12). If you must go in a smaller group, go on a Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday, and go early. Don't even try on a Friday or Saturday unless you're willing to get in line at 4pm (yes, that's an hour before they open).
The best pizza I've ever had in my life. Hands down. This is on my list of places I absolutely have to visit whenever I'm home from college. No matter how long the wait, and I've waited from 1 to 3 1/2 hours, I never regret it. If the wait is really long, go next door to Bar Bianco and get some drinks and some of their fantastic olives or other finger foods. I've always found the service to be speedy once we're in, and the waiters are always friendly.. . The first dilemma I always face upon making decisions at Pizzeria Bianco is whether to order the antipasto or the mozzarella tomato basil salad. The antipasto is always wonderful, featuring delicious local, seasonal, roasted and marinated vegetables and some awesome sorpressata and cheese. But then the salad has delicious local tomatoes, hand made mozzarella, nice olive oil and basil from the garden that grows outside of the restaurant. Usually if I'm not especially itching for the salad, I ask the waiter what vegetables are in the antipasto for the day, and that usually makes my decision. Both are always awesome.. . Then comes the big decision. Which pizza. At this point, I've had the Margherita, Rosa, Sonny Boy and Wiseguy. I'm having a hard time picking a favorite, but I most often find myself ordering the Margherita, mostly because of its elegant simplicity. The tomato sauce is perfectly tart, the basil and mozzarella is delicious, and the crust is perfectly burnt on the edges. My least favorite is probably the Rosa, mostly because I'm not that big of a fan of parmigiano reggiano and it seems pretty dry. But the fennel sausage and onion on the Wiseguy and the salami on the Sonny Boy... I can't make up my mind. They're all too good. I might just have to keep going back to make my decision...
This place is as good as it gets when it comes to pizza!!! Everyone complains about the wait, but if you get their later rather than earlier, you will get in quicker rather than later.  (have fun with that!) We got there for a late diner at 8:30pm.. . We had their tomato, basil and homemade mozzarella salad for starters.  It was awesome! Then we had a "sonny boy" pizza which was excellent with the right amount of meat to sauce and cheese ratios. I've also had their "wise guy" with sausage, caramelized onions and loads of cheese.  They place is awesome!
On one of my many visits to see mi amore, he took me to this fantastic little pizza joint. The aesthetics of the place were overwhelmingly perfect. I believe the maximum seating capacity of the dining area is 45, yes folks, 45. So the 2 1/2 hour wait was expected, and very VERY worth it. The pizzas are baked to order in a classic brick house oven. The toppings arent what youd find in your local Pizza Hut, either. You can choose from fresh slices of mozzarella, slices of perfectly seasoned italian sausage, pepperoni slices, salami slices, arugula, fresh basil leaves, tomatoes, etc. Basically what Im getting at, is this is beyond words delicious, classic LEGIT Italian pizza. Around the dining area, you will see freshly baked loaves of focaccia bread, that is later served to you with extra virgin olive oil for dipping once you are seated. The smell in that place is heavenly.....incredibly reminiscent of my grandmothers kitchen!!. . PS GET THERE EARLY!!
I understand waiting for 1-3 hours to eat a pizza is a little ridiculous, but all these people can't be wrong.  Luckily I live across the street.  The ingredients are so fresh you can taste them in the sauce.  The crust is not made from cheap all purpose flour, not chewy, not sweet, not greasy.  Some people may end up with too much olive oil, I haven't had that problem, but I would recommend letting your server know to go easy on the oil just in case.  The pizza creations are simple, delicious, and customizable.  I would not change the set up, great location, great spring and fall place to go.  It's a great business plan with the bar next door, but they should have small bread stick apps or something to have with your drinks while you wait.  If you really think Papa J's, Pizza the Hut, and the other terrorist franchises are better, great!  Less waiting for me and more rot-gut for you.
This is really the best pizza in the country.  I live in San Francisco, and although pizzeria delfina was rated higher officially, I disagree.  I have been to many places in New York City and San Francisco and everything I eat a pizza there I think about Biancos being even better.  The salads are great, the pizza is great, the atmosphere is great.  I know people complain about the long lines, but you go there and know you are spending the whole evening there.  Get there at 4pm, grab a drink and wait in line.  Best Pizza you will have.  Try to not get too many toppings.  Stick with a plane Margharita or Bianco Verde.
This place has my number. There just isn't a thing I don't love about Pizzeria Bianco. It would totally be in the top 10 of an embarrassingly one-dimensional Stuff Lori Likes list: "Waiting at least two hours, fueled by a jammy red, to eat some pizza at 10:00 at night". Naturally, good company and a bowl of meaty olives are a given. Once, I showed up and there was no wait. I went next door first anyway. Call me crazy, but life goes by too fast. I like the wait. . . After an hour or two and some vino, the antipasto is a must for starters. Local seasonal veggies wood-roasted and drenched in olive oil, cured meat, olives, and some cheese; it doesn't get much better- except when gorgeous heirloom beets are on the platter. Nothing beats 'em (don't groan, it's impolite). . . The Neapolitan style wood-fired pizzas are gooey goodness, one and all. My personal faves are the Rosa (pungent aged cheese, grilled red onions, and pistachios), the Margherita with prosciutto, and the Wiseguy (smoked mozzarella, grilled onions and sliced fennel sausage). And yes, I named half the pizzas on the menu and they are all my favorites. . . Housed in an historic building, the atmosphere is rustic and homey. A little candlelight and an open kitchen make me feel like I'm at a friend's home for dinner - and in some ways I am. My first trip to Bianco was 13 years ago when my now husband took me for my 21st birthday; we've been going ever since. . . Maybe that's why the wait never bothers me. With consistently attentive, first-name service and so many familiar faces, it feels less like dinner out and more like an evening among friends.
If you don't love it, you don't get it.. . Make an evening of the Bianco's experience.  Here's how:. . When you arrive, walk inside and put your name on the wait list.  They will tell you an astonishing number like, "Your table will be ready in three hours."  Don't worry, waiting is just as fun as eating there.. . Proceed next door to the wine bar.  Order an appetizer and a bottle of wine.  Enjoy the company of your friends.  Slow yourself down, relaaaaax.. . Order another bottle of wine.  At some point midway through this bottle your table will be ready, if you do it right.  I have never waited the actual time quoted by the hostess (or it didn't seem like it because I was having fun).. . After a few glasses of wine, and the fun but hefty wait, your food will taste better than if you had gotten it instantly--  I promise.. . After getting your table, continue to relax and enjoy yourself.  You waited for this table, and it is yours.  I recommend that you order at least one more pizza than you think you want, because you will want it, if not right then, at least later.  Have another bottle of wine with your food.. . Here is what to order:. . MARGHERITA - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil . . ROSA - Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ Pistachios . . BIANCOVERDE - Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula . +++ ADD Crimini Mushrooms. . . Again, if you try it, and you don't like it, that says more about you than the place.  It is okay though!  Bianco's is not for everyone.  Walmart is for everyone, and look what that place is like!  The difference is, this restaurant is NOTpretentious.  The owner cooks the pizza right in front of you, while watching Suns games with his cap on backwards.. . If you don't think you can handle the wait, I have a simple solution:  Go anywhere else.  Excercise your freedom of choice!
I have to say it.....Defiantly good and worth the wait. . . Tuesday night I got there 10 min after it opened and we had a 2hr wait. Like most everyone we went to the Wine/Beer bar next door. They have a good selection of wine and beer. We had a good time, had some apps and a few drinks and the time flew by. . . Once we were called for our table - we skipped apps and just went straight to the pizza - we ordered the Margarita w/ Fennel sausage, Sonny Boy and the Wise Guy. I enjoyed all 3- but the Margarita w/ the fennel was probably my favorite if I had to chose one. . . . Now I do want to share something I over heard.....They are looking to extend the hours and to be open for 11a to 11p. From what I heard they are looking to try and make that change in the up coming months. If that happens I think that 2-3hr wait will defiantly drop.
Here's how to do Pizzeria Bianco the right way:. . 1. Show up at 3:30 or earlier to get a good place in line. Make sure you bring some friends to enjoy the time together and the great food.. 2. At 4:00, the bar opens. Get yourself a bottle of wine and make the best of the 90 minutes you'll spend just waiting to get on the seating list.. 3. Order a few appetizers from the bar; they're light and fresh and yummy.. 4. When you finally get seated for dinner, don't hold back. Order salads, share different pizzas, and have a coffee after.. . The quality of the food is ABSOLUTELY worth the wait. We tried eating here a few times over the past couple of years, but realized it takes commitment and two bottles of wine to make it through the line. Best pizza I've had since Italy. Bravo Bianco!
Come on now, Folks.... one star reviews and complaints about the wait?  You HAVE heard of Pizzeria Bianco before, right?!??. . Fresh, local ingredients, a Chef who cares more about his craft than arguably anyone in town and a great location - that's a recipe for fame, Kids. We should consider ourselves lucky to have such a gem in our city.   Not to mention, the Rosa is hands-down, without question the BEST pizza I've ever had in my life.  . . Worried about the wait?  Go buy a frozen Totino's, whiners!  ;)
You just can't get pizza like this.  The taste and quality is top notch.  Don't complain about the wait.  They got a bar right next door with appetizers and drinks which makes the time fly by, like your not even waiting.  The system they have runs great, they take very good care of all of their customers.  Come relaxed and just enjoy the experience this place is easily one of the top 10 pizzerias in the country.
Yes, people. The food does live up to the hype. Fresh, local, homemade....what can I say, it was awesome.  I enjoyed every bite of it. Iordered the pizza verde with arugala and got the caprese salad beforehand with homemade mozzarella. Excuse me while I stop to dab the drool............. . We were lucky to have gotten reservation seating when they still did reservations. (I guess they've done away with them). So I question whether or not I'd wait 3hrs. I think if I had guests in town who really wanted to try it I'd take them and just visit the wine bar next door like everyone else.  3hrs is a BIG chunk of your time if you're waiting for a pizza. . . However, if you haven't tried it before. Do it people. We are lucky enough to live in Phoenix. Home of this pizza gem which wins best pizza in the US every year. If you live here  and you enjoy good food, you owe it to yourself to go at least once. You won't be dissapointed.
I was able to complete the Bianco Trifecta (Pane, Bar, and Pizzeria) in one day and despite having to wait 3 hours to get into Pizzeria Bianco it was totally worth it!  This was probably the best pizza I've had outside Naples.. . WAIT TIME - 3 HOURS:. -- AC and I arrived at 4pm on a Saturday afternoon.  Bianco opens at 5pm and there was already a good sized line.  Bar Bianco next door opens at 4pm, so you could go in and get drinks while you wait in line.  Some people even brought lawn chairs like they were out for a tailgate or a picnic.  Once the place opened and they started taking names they said it would be a 2 hour wait.. -- After wandering around downtown for a while we headed to Bar Bianco for some wine, apps, and a game of chess.  An excellent way to pass the time.. -- The staff at Bar Bianco came by and told us our table was ready, right about 7pm.  1hr to put our names in + 2 hours to wait = 3 hours total waiting time.. . FOOD - OUTSTANDING:. -- Spiedini, $10 - Italian Fontina wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, served warm.  What a way to start a meal!  Served on skewers, this is an amazing appetizer.  The cheese was melty without dripping everywhere and the warm prosciutto was excellent.. -- Salad, $6 - Local Organic Greens with Red Wine Vinaigrette.  Pretty standard, mixed green salad.. -- Margherita Pizza, $13 - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil.  This is why you come here, and it lived up to expectations.  The crust was perfectly chewy with a bit of char and flavor from the brick oven.  The crust alone would make a great dish.  The tomato sauce had the right amount of tang, wasn't too sweet, and they didn't drench the pizza in sauce.  The mozzarella was excellent and the basil was out of this world.  Better than anything you could grow in your own garden.. -- Salami and Olive Pizza, $16? - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, and Kalamata Olives.  There was no skimping on the toppings here.  First class, quality ingredients and plenty of it.  If you like cured meats this is the way to go.
How could Pizzeria Bianco have 4 stars? It's widely regarded as the best pizza place in the freaking country.. . I don't get Yelp sometimes.
Awesome pizza. Great place to go for parties. You have toget in line outside about 3 hours before it opens. But it is totally worth it, after all, best pizza in the country! They only take one reservationa day. You should definitly get there 3 or more hours before it opens at 5, because it is a small place and there will be long lines. Its very nice insidand you can watch Chris, the owner , and all the other chefs preparing pizzas. Dont listen to those bad reviews, this is a great place!
The best pizza I have ever had in my entire life!!!!! Omg!!! The wait sucks :( but I just enjoy the bar next door until I'm a little buzzed and ready to eat! :)
So this place has been reviewed/talked about too many times. And I don't really want to talk about it. I juts want to say the red onion pistachio pizza is unbelievably amazing. Soo delish.
so after having lived in the phoenix area for 2 years, i decided it was high time to finally see some of the restaurants everyone raves about.   This was the first restaurant i was told to try and boy was it amazing.   The wait was crappy but my friend and i just brought something to occupy our time.   Since we are medical students we had plenty of notes to keep us busy. nonetheless, we decided to see what the wine bar was like next door and a couple of glasses of wine later we are all giggles and boy talk.  3 hours later (which is a bit too much in my final opinion) we were seated at the bar and promptly ordered.   We shared an appetizer, spiedini (Italian fontina wrapped in prosciutto with arugula greens) and it was fantastic!! the cheese was perfectly melted and cut by the salty prosciutto and peppery arugula.  As for the pizzas, we each ordered a pizza knowing that we would have leftovers to take home.  I choose the Wise Guy mainly for the fennel sausage and it was worth it!  The pizza crust was amazing, super fresh cheese and the onions were caramelized perfectly.  My friend decided on the Rosa, which she really enjoyed, although we both agreed it was incredibly greasy.   All in all, a fun night away from studying, but is it worth 3 hours of smelling pizza and being starved while you wait? ....That's your call, but i will say it's the best pizza I've ever had in the US and almost as good as the pizza i had in Spain.
Even though we were advised to not go on a Saturday night, we had to since that was the only time they were open while we were in town.  We arrived 30 minutes before they opened to find a line of at least 60 people.  This is why were advised to go a different night.  When we finally put our name in the hostess informed us it would be 3 to 3 1/2 hrs before we got a table.  Normally this sounds horrible, but the wine bar, Bar Bianco, next door makes that wait bearable.  The hostess and staff at Bar Bianco are absolutely fabulous.  They let you know that you can leave and call back every hour to check on where your name is on the list.  When you sit down at Bar Bianco the waitress will ask your name and keep track of your reservation and let you know when your table is ready.. . The most important part of the pizza, the crust, was excellent.  It had the perfect slightly charred crust but chewy when bitten into.  Of course we tried the margherita then went with the wiseguy as we wanted to try a white pizza as well.  Best margherita pizza I've ever had.  I could have done without the wiesguy.  I should have known to stay away from a white pizza but was glad we tried something different.. . A couple we met in line suggested we try the Spiedini-Italian Fontina wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, served warm.  Oh mama was it good.
Pizzeria Bianco, you were SO worth the wait!
This is the place I would go if I were choosing my last meal...it is fabulous!!! I have been going here since I was young b/c my family and I would be downtown all the time because we would be at Suns games...all the pizzas are to die for and I mean that literally...I do not care if I have to wait for 2 hours and I do not care if its raining I am going to wait and enjoy it!!  The owners are so sweet!  I love how they have not changed things or done a lot of expanding!  Everything on the menu is imcredible and if I could I would move in right next door...TRY IT!!!
Yes, there's a wait...but it's part of the experience!  I adore everything about this place...the pizzas (I've never had anything like the Biancoverde), the beer (it takes pizza and beer to soaring heights) and of course...Bar Bianco (who doesn't love wine/beer and appetizers as they anticipate their pizza??)  Chris and his incredible staff are always so welcoming, and I always leave a very happy girl!
The suspense and build up by food media was no joking matter as I can finally attest to one of the most acclaimed pizza joints on American soil!  As the great Bobby Flay had once announced to a crowd of Phoenicians that Bianco's pie can very well stack up against some of the best in New York, if not the best in the nation.. . Regardless of who said what , I truly enjoyed what I consider a GOOD pizza! Wait, I meant a PHENOMENAL pizza! The one trait that I dearly focus on is the CRUST!  I love a crunchy, thin, light airy dough!  It even had a delicious taste to it, which I thought took it to another level! . . The sauce did not overtake the dough as it was light tasting and just enough to cover all areas of the pie.  The cheese had the right amount of cheesiness!  Overall, it was very well balance!  The portion was just right.  Just about any grown adult could finish this in one sitting!. . When it comes to pizza, I typically order something really simple.  What I just described was their Margherita, simply cheese and sauce!  With that said, I could not be more pleased and satisfied!  . . I came here on a Friday lunch hour and there was no line, although it was still busy!. . No hype! Bianco is worth the trek no matter what part of the country you are from!
Not much to say about this place that hasn't been said already from the looks of the hundreds of reviews.  I've tried all of their pizzas except the Marinara and Rosa.  All have been excellent, but wasn't such a fan of the Wiseguy.  Too much onion for me, but the fennel sausage is great.  The Biancoverde and the margherita with fennel sausage are my favorites.  Next time I'll be trying the Rosa for sure.. . Some tips:  So of course you hear about the crazy long waits.  Make the most of your time if you have a three hour wait.  Go check out the Science Center's Body Worlds while you wait.  I think it's about $20 to get in, but it really is cool and kills a couple hours.  Then make your way back to Bar Bianco.  Get a bottle of wine and one of their appetizers (cheese dish is good, but small).  By the time you finish the bottle it's time to eat.  Also, I highly recommend going in the fall or spring on a really nice night so you can sit outside with your wine.  Enjoy!
Best pizza in the universe; but the wait sucks.
We went on a Thursdsy, after having read that it would be the best time.  I hadn't been here before, but after reading so many reviews and researching about Bianco, I had a very good idea of what to expect.... . To those who complain about the wait: that's the allure of it all! . I love the fact that Pizzaria Bianco forces you into the European style of dining out.  You're supposed to take it slow, have wonderful company with great conversations with people you may or many not know... America has fallen into this instant gratification mode of dining that they don't know how to enjoy dining out the way it was meant to be.... . Get there at least an hour and half before they open at five.  It should place you very close to the first seating, if not, very soon. If you come after they've opened, expect a three hour wait.  The list of names fills up fast. . They use an honor system so when you get there, ask who had just gotten there before you and see who gets there after you and your group. It's an honor system, so when they are about to open at five, just go find your place in line.  . . During the wait, go next door to the bar because they open at four.  Order drinks and enjoy your company.   If you're unsure or uneasy, just send a member of your party next door to Bar Bianco for drinks & appetizers.. . Everything was fresh and delicious.  . The margherita pizza is the best in my opinion.. . Five of us, two appetizers, two bottles of wine, five pizzas came out to around 50 dollars a person, including the tip.  . Not cheap, but then again, not ordinary pizza either.  . . I think it's an awesome place for a date because you have a lot of time to talk and enjoy the food.
Love this place!! I go to New York every summer and eat pizza from  neopolitan pizza which is Pizzeria Bianco to traditional thin crust having to fold it and watch the cheese oils drip on my plate. This deffintly gets a thumbs up!
I think I love pizza more than the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles -- Cowabunga!  Is it worth the wait is what everyone will ask?  Well let's just say it makes it more worthwhile.  YUM -- Indeed!  First off, if you don't know, I'm what scientists call a carnivore -- Meat!  However, to my surprise my favorite slice of heaven was topped with Arugula & Ricotta cheese - Biancoverde is a must -- oh yeah! (think I'm having a pizzagasim here!)  The bitterness of the Arugula along with the sweetness of the Ricotta was amazing.  Like dude...it was awesome.  Our service was kind, fast, and speedy.  Ambience was cute, quaint, and homey....with a rustic feel.  I wish it snowed in PHX it would've added that extra flair of love and tenderness :) - Enjoy!
I don't know what time people seem to go to wait this long?? Ive gone here 4 times now and the longest I waited was 45 min (for dinner) I have nothing bad to say.  No  long wait times for me.. Pizza is out of this world.. the spedini-YUM, I can't wait to go back!
Alright, let's move beyond the whole best-pizza-in-the-country conversational paradigm for just a ding-dang minute, folks.. . This restaurant has created a wonderful way to enjoy your meal, something that is truly (and sadly) unique in Phoenix.  The long wait becomes an opportunity to relax - to slow down, and sip wine in a charming cottage, on a grass lawn, surrounded by historic brick houses, in the shadow of the modernist science center.. . The wine and beer list is well-curated, the staff is attentive, and the carefree pace continues throughout the night.  Once seated, you are served in an environment that is casual but respectful.  Last time I went, the couple at the table next to us got their check 15 minutes after we sat down - and they were still there when we left.. . The food isn't always impeccable - and where else is it, at $12-15 a person?  But the ingredients are always fresh, the dough is delicious even when soggy, and the atmosphere cannot be beat.. . Honestly, it's something people don't talk about enough.  This is a place that is heralded as (at least one of) the best pizza places in the country, and a schlub like me can afford to take my beautiful wife.  We can both enjoy a glass of wine, a night under the stars, and delicious pizza for under $50.. . Well done, Pizzeria Bianco.  Well done.. . If you are coming here with your guard up, daring them to impress you, and aren't willing to slow down and embrace the whole experience, go to Cibo or Parlor or something.  That's not a knock on them, I'm just saying - if you can't take it down a notch, don't be a party pooper.
Being a New Yorker for most of my life, I'd have to say that the pizza here is different, but ranks up there with some New York pizzas. I'd say the difference here is that the crust is thinner, but cooked to more of a crisp.. . Tips:. -Get there early and put your name in, as you will likely be in for a long wait. You can call them to see where you are in the waiting list and get an estimated time.. -They have a bar next door you can chill at where they will come get you when it is your turn to eat.. -Try the marinara or margherita without toppings if you are looking for a pure pizza experience. I tried four pizzas, but my favorite was the marinara without any toppings.
Absolutely the best pizza in the country!  This is no doubt at the top of my list of best restaurants and experiences in the country period.  I've eaten pizza all over the country, the top in New Haven, New York and Chicago and even in Italy and Bianco is still the best.  The pizza is unique in the chewy and crispiness plus the hand picked farm fresh ingredients and flavors that will throw your mouth and tongue into doing the tango with each bite.  I always laugh when people tell me they can't imagine waiting 2 or 3 hours to get a pizza.  I've been here probably a hundred times over the last 10 years and it's worth the wait every time.  Why?  It's a great place to wind down and enjoy the fantastic staff, the colloquialish environment and sip wine or beers with friends.  Our modern day everything now, instant delivery, always on society leaves much to be desired in real connection and honest experiences that life is truly all about.  Diving into the Pizzeria Bianco experience with the intention of establishing a delicious connection with Chris Bianco's brain child and allowing for a savory experience- an evening of un-rushed fulfillment is one of the best decisions one can make on any particular day in the valley of the sun, downtown Phoenix.
Okay so I'm writing a review for Pizzeria Bianco, what can I say that hasn't already been said?. First things first, the owner. Chris Bianco is a great man with excellent taste. Second, the restaurant. Small, intimate, cozy, & damn it if you don't feel special just eating there in the dim lighting of a warm fire. Third, the food. The simplicity of the menu allows us to center in on the food & not be drowned under 5 pages of fluff like other "restaurants". The focus on only a few items that are made to enjoy & not just fill you up is how things should be done. Why have 100 choices if they all fall under the radar. Mae West said, "Between two evils, I generally like to pick the one I never tried before." When your done having to choose between several food "evils" at other places, come down to Pizzeria Bianco and try a slice of heaven. The pizza is great, I'm not going to paint you a Monet like description. Come down, buy a pie, find out for yourself. Read a review, then try the food & make up your own mind.
I'm from New York, which I mention only because it has somewhat of a reputation for good pizza, and this place totally rocks.  I loved all the hype from my friend who recommended it to me, and was happy to wait an hour or so at the bar next door, getting hungrier and hungrier...  and then the pizza absolutely delivered.  I was with a group of 8 people and we got lots of different pies and tried everything, and we were swooning and fawning over this and that... the crust, the cheese, the sauce, the toppings.. . I'm glad a place like this exists, and next time I'm in Phoenix, I'm totally there.
* This 5 Star rating is for the PIZZA only!!!. . This review is long overdue. As a matter of fact I started waiting in line to get into this joint last year and I just now had my order taken. No joke here, the lines are serious and the people in line seriously want there food. It is a long wait!! I will not eat a PB during the summer months. It's actually a seasonal restaurant for me unless I have hired a place holder. Expect to arrive early to get a spot in line. If you are more than 25-30 deep you are going to have to wait until second seating.....sometimes taking 2+ hours. That is the bad. I have been here morethan a dozen times and it is always worth the wait. I love pizza. I mean c'mon, really; Who does'nt? .  My very first time I said "Pizza is not worth this wait", on the contrary, it most certainly is. This is not NY style, Chicago style or any other this is Chris Bianco style and it is fantastic. Hot, chewy, toasty crust with a bit of a pull. Housemade sausage, frsh grown on site vegetables and an incredibaly hot oven help create these gems. If you are a visitor from out of state DO NOT PASS THIS PLACE UP!.  Every pie is great. The fresh fennel and sausage is out of this planet. Enjoy!!.  Please don't let the wait time and snobby people bother you too much. There are some pretentious pricks who wait and feel like they own the joint because they are regulars.....ignore them. Wait...Sit...take your time and enjoy yourself!!
Went here recently on a trip to Phoenix and it is as good as ever.  I have been here 20+ times when I lived in Phoenix and I never had a bad experience.  . . The pizza is amazing.  I always go with the wiseguy (sausage made locally from Schreiners) and has never disappointed.  The appetizers at the wine bar next door are fantastic.. . Expect a long wait...who cares, grab a bottle of vino and enjoy the atmosphere next door.. . FYI - get a babysitter, not a great place for children.
This place is unbelievable.  Chris knows his heritage.  Top notch ingredients, fresh and delicious.  Ambience is right on.  This is real deal pizza Napoletana.  You're not going to get any better than this out here.  Grazie, Chris for sharing your art with our friends out here in the desert.  Salud!
love love love this place.  i don't care about the wait.  love the food.  all very very yummy.
Every time I am here, I enjoy the rosa and the caprese.  Their homemade mozzarella is so delicious.   Just be ready to wait, which isn't bad because you can enjoy a glass of wine and a lil cheese/meat/olive bites in their waiting area... or bring a game while you wait.  Who gives an F how long the wait is when the food is this yummy fresh.
Best pizza I've had outside of NYC.  Be aware though, that reservations for parties less than 6 are not accepted, and you will wait an hour (or more) to be seated indoors.  During summer months, outdoor seating is only for those who like to sit in saunas while having dinner.. . We went next door to Bar Bianco and had a drink and some nibbles of goat cheese crostinis to pass the time, which really went pretty quickly.. . The hour wait well worth it.  Anyone who says this place isn't worth the wait obviously doesn't know good pizza.  If you don't want the wait, and don't know good pizza when you eat it, please just go to Pizza Hut.  That will make MY wait here shorter.. . We started with the organic baby greens salad, and then my husband and I had the Biancoverde, which comes with Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula.. . My parents had the Margherita, with added mushrooms, onions, and olives.. . Our 8 year old daughter had plain cheese.  She HATES trying new things and gave this place 2 very strong "thumbs up".  . . I would put this place on par with the famous Grimaldi's in NYC.  3 pizzas, 5 people, no leftovers.
Absolutely amazing pizza. We arrived early, got a bottle of wine and some appetizers from the bar next door and turned the wait into a party. Can't wait to go back and eat there again.
Oh man let me tell you about this place. I have been here a few times before and they recently started opening for lunch, which might I add was the greatest thing EVER. . We went on a Friday. They open at 11:00 and we were seated right away. within 30 minutes this restaruant was full and there was a wait. Granted there are only about 8-10 (2) seater tables and 6-7 (4) seated tables and maybe 8-10 seats at the bar. Still 30 MINUTES. I do have to say that they have a wine and appitizer bar/house next door for you to sit and mingle while waiting for a seat to open for you. . I got the margherita pizza minus the basil add  prosciutto. Man this is the best pizza I have EVER had. The sause is super simple which is awesome. They cook it in the brick oven pizza stove and when it comes out they put the prosciutto on it. My partmer got the wise guy pizza and added muswhroom. Same thing she always gets, that should tell you how good it is. She also for the daily salad, which was fennel, parsley, watermelon in a light lemony juicy. She said it taste like summer. . I am a pizza fan, like one of those ones that can buy a frozen one from the store and be just as happy with it. So for me to say this is the best, LISTEN PEOPLE. . SIDE NOTE: They do not accept reservations and If you get there in the evening on a weekend you are going to be looking at a 2 hour wait. Trust me though it will be worth it
My boyfriend and I tried this place while on vacation after hearing about it on the food network.  We heard it was rated the BEST PIZZA IN AMERICA, and my boyfriend being from NY had to try it.  We headed over after a Diamondacks game and put our name on the wait list which was 2 hours long.  Was it worth the wait?  YES.  Was it some of the best pizza I've ever had?  YES.  Make sure you try the BiancoVerde pizza.  It is unlike any pizza I have ever had in my life.  The ingredients were so fresh!  The waiters were super nice and the food came out pretty fast!. I will DEFINITELY hit up this restaurant the next time I am in Phoenix!
Pizzeria Bianco delivers on a great handmade, wood fired, traditional pizza.  Its touch to dethrone my personal LA favorite pizza from Mozza but Bianco is right there at the line! . . I had been warned about the long waits, and seen them first hand in the evenings walking home from the stadium, so I slipped in right at 11 for the start of lunch.  I got a table right away and was able to enjoy a great meal without feeling rushed in any way, I would definitely suggest trying for weekday lunch if you want to miss the crowds.. . The pizza was really good with the great wood fired flavor that you can only experience in a few spots such as Bianco and Mozza.  The dough and crust were perfect, I was really impressed with the crust that took on a great caramelized taste right around the edges.  Don't run from what you think may be burnt spots, embrace the caramelized doughy bliss.. . I sampled the Margherita which I consider the ultimate pizza to judge a spot by, and the Wiseguy because it sounded great and I could not pass up house smoked mozzarella.  The Margherita passed the test with flying colors, the basil had a great aromatic presence that perfectly complimented the great tomato sauce.  The Wiseguy was impressive and the smoked mozzarella complimented the wood fired greatness of the pizza as a whole.. . Well done Pizzeria Bianco, if Phoenix were my hometown then you would be my top craft pizza spot in the States
When a man falls in love, it's a special thing. Not because his calloused hands and heart are finally softening. Not even because he has found something that completes his very living soul. . . It's special because he is simply, and utterly....happy.. . Ladies and Gentleman of Yelp....I have found the pizza that makes me happy.. . I heard all the hype..."best pizza in the country", "Oprah says it's the best", "The Food Network hypes it up", "Chris Bianco learned how to make pizza from Jesus". Ok, I made up the last one.. . My friend and pizza aficionado, Lance has been known to drive in from Los Angeles...just for this pizza, and then he would drive home. Sometimes, he'd even fly in. It had to be good, right? . . Tonight, I chose Pizzeria Bianco for my birthday dinner because of the hype. I had made a pathetic attempt to dine here once, but myself and the individual I was with, we both were intimidated by the 3 hour wait. . . Is any pizza worth three hours? That's a personal judgment call. That night, I ended up dining at Nobuo, across the path....and it was a nice meal.. . I digress. I've been preparing for this trip. I read up on various press articles, and discovered that as of last week, they are open for lunch AND Mondays! Perfect. . . Tonight, I dined with my parents. My favorite dining companions. . . We sat down in the very intimate dining space. No wait at all. Perhaps, people don't know that they are open on Mondays. Fine by me.. . The decor is nice. Simple, with a classic cucina feel. The brick oven is the star of this place. Clearly.. . We ordered some bread to get started. It came with a little cup of high end olive oil. Fantastic! The crust was crisp, and the bread was chewy to the point where you can't help but smile when you eat this.. . The pizza is phenomenal. We ordered two pizzas (for three people). One was half Rosa and half Margherita, the other was the Biancoverde.  This way we were able to try three different kinds of pizza .. All three styles were phenomenal. The winner of the three was the Margherita. The tomato sauce doesn't overpower, the mozzarella melts like a dream, and a hint of basil. . . The Rosa was unique, and also delicious. The Arizona pistachios take some getting used to, but pairs well with the red onion. . . The Biancoverde was much more complex. Definitely a hearty pizza because of the ricotta cheese. Very tasty. It's topped with arugala, so you will get a nice earthy, and loud flavor. . . Usually when I eat pizza, I take a bite of the crust, and then I leave the rest. Not here. I went through the entire pizza slice because it's perfect. Chewy, crispy, and full of happy!. . Take it from me....this place is worth the hype. Look at the reviews from other Yelpers. Even the picky ones love this place.. . Maybe it's true. Maybe Chris Bianco did learn how to make pizza from Jesus. Sure as hell tastes like it.. . Now if you are wondering about the other stuff, it was also a five star experience: staff friendly and attentive, and the bathrooms are spotless.. . Worth the 3 hour wait? YES. Bring all your friends here? YES. Will I guarantee the awesome? YES.. . #300
One of the best pizzas I had.  Considering how I am a pizza snob when it comes to pizza outside of NYC, that alone says how much Pizzeria Bianco delivers.. . One thing that I enjoyed was the unique toppings for the pizzas.  When first hearing it, pistachios doesn't sound too appetizing on a pizza.  But I assure you, the flavor combinations are great.  Highly recommend the margherita pizza.  Surprisingly, basil works really well on pizza.  The crust is what takes the cake for Pizzeria Bianco. It must be the wood-fire ovens they use.  The crust is crisp and light.  Blends perfectly well with the ingredients.  On top of that , the pizzas aren't too expensive and the rustic atmosphere of the restaurant adds to the experience.. . Overall, if you're in Phoenix, you should stop by Pizzeria Bianco.  I hear that it is a 3hr wait.  But it only took me 20 minutes to get a table, so don't get intimated by the wait time.
Undoubtedly the best pizza outside of Italy. Arizona is honored to host such a superb artisan as the master chef who owns and operates this place. If you come to Phoenix, this is the one place that truly matters to go to.. The wait is ridiculous, and for any other restaurant save a hand-full (such as Ruth's Chris for instance), the wait would be intolerable. For this pizza, however, the wait makes perfect sense. I literally spent over 3 hours out of my 18th birthday waiting in line for this place (I had already been here many times before), and I honestly don't think I would've rather done anything else with that time.. The pizza here has been voted the best pizza in the world by the Travel Channel, by Bon Appetit Magazine, and by (the most meaningful in my book, since it's a slap in the face to every cocky New Yorker) the New York Times. With worldwide recognition and universal praise by critics, this is a landmark in Arizona. I love this pizza, and this restaurant, every time I go there without fail.. For me, the Wise-Guy pizza is the best thing in the world. They start with the best brick fired crust you can find here, in New York, or even in Italy. Then they go for some salty house smoked mozzarella (it's one of their sauce-less pizzas), add some wood roasted petals of onion, then top it off with some homemade, hand-spiced fennel sausage. Oh yeah... the pizza is that good. But, that's just my personal favorite, they have 6 pizzas to choose from with 6 extra toppings you can put on. Doesn't sound like a lot? Well.. this isn't Cici's. This is art, PB doesn't need a menu full of novelty pizzas to make it. They have a short list of perfect Italian Pies that need nothing, and leave you wanting nothing. By offering little, they offer specialized, immaculate pizza to their patient clientele. . This place is a singularity in the way-overdone pizza business. The chef and his brother have a garden where they personally grow all the herbs, spices, and some of the toppings for their pizza. This place is one of the few places on the West coast to have an old-school wood fire brick oven (they are in Heritage Square in Phoenix and are in a historic building, so it was grandfathered in). Another quirk is that every morning they make 500 balls of dough to be made into exactly 500 pizzas that night. And when they make all 500 pizzas, they close shop and go home. They even slightly change their dough recipe for humidity and by season to help insure the perfect product, every time you go there. It's all of these small little touches that make this particular pizza joint stand out from all the rest.. There are so many things to say about this place. I love everything, from the very best french bread I've ever had that they serve with olive oil and vinegar, to their minimalist, ultra-classic spin on a salad, even to the great bar next door for the adults in your group while you wait. This restaurant truly is the pride of the Valley of the Sun. If you come to visit, you didn't really see Phoenix if you didn't go to Pizzeria Bianco. Period.
Completely, utterly, undoubtedly, a few more imploring adjectives - worth the hype.. . GO.
There's really nothing more I can say that hasn't already been said. The pizza offerings are all original and tasty like nobody's business especially with one of the great bottles of wine that they offer. The antipasti plate and caprese salad are fantastic too. We lucked out last week and walked right in on a Monday and were seated (four of us at 6:00pm) immediately. They apparently just started opening on Mondays and I don't think word is out yet. If you want to go and don't want to wait four hours (while getting sloshed at Bar Bianco next door) go on a Monday before word gets out.
I was scared to try Pizzeria Bianco. Any restaurant with the sort of hype this place has is just waiting to disappoint. I was especially skeptical since, after spending a summer in Italy, I haven't been able to find any pizza that rivals a true Italian pie. So, Saturday night, I braced myself for a super long wait to get some good (not great) pizza.. . Boy, was I pleasantly surprised. To start, the weather could not have been more beautiful. We've finally gotten a little taste of Fall! I'm sure it will be yanked away before we know it and we'll have to endure a little bit more summer, but this weekend was glorious. Sitting on the front patio of Bar Bianco while waiting for a table was anything but a "wait". It was a great time, with good drinks and friends! To those of you who stand around in a drab lobby for an hour to eat at Olive Garden and then complain about a "two hour wait" at this cute bar, you're insane.. . On to dinner. Oh my. Our table had two Margherita, one Wiseguy and one Rosa. Each was amazing in their own way, but the sausage on the Wiseguy was incredible and everything about the Rosa was perfect. You have got to try these two. I think I may have dreamt about the Rosa that night... Onion and parmesan and PISTACHIOS!. . Overall, I was super impressed with Bianco, mostly because it actually DID live up to all of the hype. Gotta love that.
WORTH THE WAIT. . An Avant-garde, trendy, Modern establishment with the BEST damn pizza under the sun. Think of going to Pizzeria Bianco as an "experience" not just  "getting dinner". . Expect long waits on most days if you don't want to get there early enough to be seated immediately. There's a wine bar next door where you will find yummy cheese platters and vino. Which means you can sip and snack while you wait in line. Give yourself about 3 hours for the entire experience and after making a reservation check out the pub just across the way, (if you have to wait a while). They have great beer, my favorite onion rings, a pool table, and indoor-outdoor seating (just be sure to keep checking back to make sure you don't get passed up!) . . Although each magnificent, My favorite Pizza's are: .  "Sonny Boy"(Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, Gaeta Olives)  .  "Rosa":   (Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ Pistachios). I'm a regular here and the service and quality is always the same: MAESTRO WORK... Eat well, live well, and surround yourselves with ones who do. - Cheers
This place was great. When one of my coworkers sent an email to our group who was visiting Phoenix saying he had gotten us a reservation at "The BEST pizza in the country" i Was skeptical. Best pizza in Phoenix? Well, I wasn't disappointed! . . We had a group of 8., and we ordered almost one of everything on the menu:. Apps:. Antipasto - Wood Roasted Vegetables, Sopressata, Bite of Cheese. Spiedini - Italian Fontina wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, served warm . Pizza:. MARGHERITA - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil . MARINARA - Tomato Sauce, Oregano, Garlic (No Cheese) . ROSA - Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ Pistachios . SONNY BOY - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Salami, Gaeta Olives . BIANCOVERDE - Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula . WISEGUY - Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage . . Of all of them, the Biancoverde was my absolute favorite! I don't eat pork, so I couldn't sample them all, but I'd happily order this one again. In fact, my team is returning next week for another team dinner for the coming Phoenix trip, and I will for sure be ordering this.. . Their house draft beer is also quite tasty!. . Tip - if you are a party of 6-10, get a reservation! They don't take reservations for smaller groups and I've heard the wait time can be a few hours at the busiest times! But worth it!
As soon as I found out we were headed to Phoenix, this place was at the top of my list, the one that I  know by heart.  And I wondered of it really could be as great as I've read it is for the past few years.  It was, and truly may be the best pizza I've ever had, including ones in Naples, NYC, and Chicago.  Never mind that each of those locales has their own particular style and genre, Bianco's is just simply amazing.. . The antipasto platter was fine, roasted peppers and fritatta being the best of it.  The cauliflower was vastly over roasted and swimming in oil which was disappointing but that still doesn't lower my rating.  I just wish we had ordered 2 pizzas with no "starter" so that our enjoyment had been further maximized.  As it was, leaving half (it is that rich and filling) of our Biancoverde was truly difficult.  If we had planned better, we could have tried the Rosa as well.  I cry a little on the inside.... . That said, believe the hype, wait if there is a line, make sure you are truly hungry and find your way here.  Completely worth it!
Easily the best pizza i have EVER eaten. Shared a Rosa and Wiseguy.... White pizza are my favorite and these didnt dissapoint.  Awesome staff even took some pics for me!! Its a $12-$15 item that will have eating till u barf! Ive had $50 steaks that didnt amaze me as much as that Rosa.... Order the Rosa !!
Taste buds went CRRRAAZZYYY!!. . Finally made it to the much raved about Pizzeria Bianco and happy I did. It was absolutelydelicious. Thankfully we made it at a good time where we didn't have to wait at all for a table (YES!). I ordered the Margherita and was deliciously pleased. However, my sister opted for the Biacoverde and boooy was I jealous. It was awesome and my favorite by far.
I grew up in Northern NJ, and I consider myself somewhat of a pizza snob. Pizzeria Bianco deserves its high rating - the pizza was great.
Blog for full review:. . Having now sat for perhaps thirty minutes while pies entered and exited the oven being delivered to many around us the time would finally arrive to taste the oft raved pizza of team Bianco as all four of our selections arrived simultaneously covering the table and filling the air with the smells of smoke, yeast, pork, tomato, and basil.  With much sharing to be done and pictures taken the next twenty or so minutes would consist of much less talking and far more eating than the previous thirty and beginning first with my selection - well - let's just say it lived up to the hype as the ROSA with Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, and Arizona Pistachios may just be the best "specialty pizza" I've ever tasted.  Beginning first with the crust - an expert balancing act between the thinness of a Neapolitan like Lucali and the chewy hole structure of that at Great Lake - it was nearly perfect as the slight char from the wood oven gave each pie a lovely crunch yet pliable interior that could support the ingredients without disturbing them.  Moving next to the toppings - no sauce here - just thinly sliced onions, intense salty cheese, crunchy smooth pistachios, and a touch of rosemary to pique everything else.  Marvelous.. . Moving next to another of Bianco's signatures, the WISEGUY with wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, and Fennel Sausage I was pleasantly surprised by the mildness of both the onions and the fennel, both present but not overwhelming, while the slight spice of the sausage floated above the pools of creamy cow's milk mozzarella.  Another well balanced pie, though I do feel it could have done with just a touch less olive oil...a small quibble, to be sure.. . For the third choice, the BIANCOVERDE with Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, and Arugula would be the only pizza we modified from the menu description - in this case by adding a $3 supplement of Organic 'La Quercia' Prosciutto Americano from Iowa that was every bit worth the cost.  Again featuring that same pliable smoky crust but this time topping it first with the trio of cheeses before adding the arugula and prosciutto after it exited the oven this "Salad Pizza" was a valuable addition to the lineup largely because of the quality of the ingredients and the balance achieved by using each lightly.  From the smooth mozzarella to the puddles of ricotta and tangy Parmigiano up through the slight bitters of the greens and the powerful saline notes of the pork everything simply clicked though for some the lack of spice was an issue - an issue easily amendable by the red pepper provided on request (try getting that at Una, Lucali, or Great Lake.). . For the final selection, that of the man who'd experienced Chris' work longer and more frequently than the rest of us combined, there was no way I was going to miss out on the MARGHERITA while I was here and thankfully he'd ordered it (thus preventing me from ordering both it and the ROSA.)  With the stars of the show well known - simply the freshest Tomato Sauce with light hints of sweetness, oregano, and garlic plus Fresh Mozzarella, and Basil - this was a no nonsense sort of pie that hit on all cylinders; tangy, creamy, aromatic, smoky, and perfect.  While not the absolute greatest Margherita I've ever had, a top 5 member for sure and when paired with the rest of the menu, the service, and the setting a pizza definitely worthy of the fame especially considering the fact that Bianco uses all local ingredients including tomatoes from California in the making of his sauce.. . Eating, sharing, talking, and then eating some more while the service checked in occasionally to see if we needed anything else our time at Bianco felt much longer than it was and when it was all said and done only four slices remained - two of the WISEGUY and two the BIANCOVERDE - all wrapped up and going home with their respective owners while I took home with me the memories of some of the best pizza I've ever experienced and (perhaps more importantly) the experience of meeting with some great people for outstanding pizza in a setting where people have a passion for what they are doing without all the pretense.  Yeah Chris didn't build the oven and furniture by hand like Lucali, and perhaps Pizzeria Bianco doesn't fly all their ingredients in from Italy like Una, and sure Chris' health prevents him from being ever present at the oven like Dom at DiFara or Nick at Great Lake but in the end the results are the same...this is some really great pizza well worth going out of your way for.
Took friend here the other night, as I haven't stopped by in quite a long time.  . . I was surprised at the following:. . 1- I can still park Bessie out front, instead of in the parking lot.. 2- Heritage Square has been totally pimped out to perfection.. 3- Most of the original crew is still in place, providing warm, friendly and VERY competent service.. 4- The meal was absolutely impeccable, as it has always been.. . We shared a bottle of Prosecco and crostini while we waited.  Then we shared an order of spiedini and a Biancoverde pizza.. . BUONISSIMA!!
Pizzeria Bianco is in downtown Phoenix, a five hour, nonstop flight from New York City. A simple Italian eatery set amidst south western mesas that outline the horizon, cacti, and bone-dry 100 degree weather.. . One would not be quick to assume that this is the place where some of the finest pizza in the continental U.S. is made. An almost hour-long wait and the anticipation seemed to recreate a familiar occurrence. If there was something New Yorkers did well, it was they knew how to wait. The scenario is a familiar one. We wait for trains, the post office, our coffee, and the list can go on and on. Thus, waiting for a table at a prized eating location was no encumbrance at all. Especially if you did not have reservations on hand.. . My dining partners in crime were peers I had just met at the AIGA Pivot Design Conference. Their anticipation for a memorable meal was just as apparent as mine and our other fellow pending diners, mostly other conference attendees. To disregard the need to wax lyrical about this experience would be inappropriate. While the restaurant boasts house made country bread, luxuriously delicate olive oil, makes their own mozzarella and has an herb garden in their backyard--I would like to address the pizza.. . Every disc that emerges from Bianco's prized brick oven is a delicious discourse amongst ingredients that know a thing or two about savoir faire. They do not argue brashly. Rather, they express a point of view that does not over extend its stay and courteously assent to the other players in the game. This decorum is best exemplified in the Rosa, an intimate gathering of Arizona pistachios, red onion, Parmigiano Reggiano and rosemary. This is umami in its finest moment, oozing with salty pungency that is brilliantly composed. The crust was a juggle of thinness and chewiness that maintained a hearth char but a yielding surface for the ingredients to shine.. . Bravo Phoenix!
I love love love this place despite the long wait, somewhat snobby staff, and lackluster neighborhood. The food is totally worth all that you have to put up with. I recommend going to see a movie while you wait (there is an AMC) close by.
I can now say I have reached the pinnacle of pizza perfection.. . Pizza has always been one of my favorite foods and has recently become one of my obsessions after visiting Naples this summer. I have found some amazing people within the states most notably in the Bay Area, Southern California and Chicago, but was simply blown away by the perfection that is Pizzeria Bianco.. . I came here on a Friday afternoon and there was no wait for a table of five. We sat down and were super excited to sample some of the best pizza in America.. . I started off with a salad consisting of fresh mozzarella, basil, olive oil and tomatoes. It is probably impossible to make that list of ingredients taste bad and this salad did not disappoint. Everything worked perfectly together. The salad was light, so fresh and so damn good.. . I had to order the margherita pizza because that's the best way to judge a place I feel. The pizza came out piping hot and it was absolutely beautiful. The crust was for sure a clear highlight. It had a beautiful char and a great chew to it. The combination of sauce, fresh mozzarella and basil made this easily one of the best pizzas I have ever had. So amazing.. . I also tried a few slices of the Rosa pizza and that thing blew me away. The combination of onions, paremesan reggiano and arizona pistachios was a flavor I had never experienced. The pizza was rich and so ridiculously flavorful. It was one of the best specialty pizzas I have ever had.. . I came into Pizzeria Bianco with insanely high expectations and I believe the restaurant exceeded them. The ingredients are what really set this place apart from everyone else and the pizza is simply amazing. Bianco sets the standard for Neapolitan pizza in the United States and I am not sure there is another place that could beat it....
Stopped here with my sister on the way out of Phoenix airport.  I love amazing bread and they have both--the bread and the pizza crust. Wow.  We had a veg pizza that was half bianco and half with red sauce.  Added mushrooms on top (yum).  I had a bit of an issue with their red sauce--I'm not exactly sure why, maybe it wasn't sweet enough.  But the white pizza side was perfect and had the added interest of pistachios.  I bought one of their breads to take home to the family.  I love eating pizza and bread in Italy and bread in France.  This is top-notch.  Go. Enjoy.  Luckily we went on a day when the museums were closed and at a weird hour, so there was no wait for a table.
This place was recommended to me more than pretty much anything else on a trip I made out to Phoenix.  Additionally, I was told that along with their supposedly legendary pizza, were the legendary wait times.  With that in consideration, I strategically planned my visit to be on an in-between time on a Saturday afternoon well after lunch, but fairly before dinner time.. . Being downtown, if there's any free parking, I didn't find it, and I parked in a pay garage easily within walking distance.  Pizzeria Bianco would validate my ticket, and in the end, I still paid just a dollar to park for this place.  Regardless, it's located in one of the nicer parts of Downtown Phoenix near all the sports complexes, and not within any eyesight of any of the slummy looking areas.. . Regardless of my odd time I chose to show up, there was still a wait, but it wasn't to the extent of three hours as some other users may attest to.  30-40 minutes wasn't bad, mostly because of neighboring Bar Bianco we were suggested to wait at, which was definitely worth a trip in its own right, due to the smoking hot woman working the bar, the Four Peaks beers on tap, and the comfort of a relaxing outdoor country-style patio where I could people watch and enjoy some suds on a not-hot November afternoon.. . When I got seated, the interior is very sparse, but an intimate, cozy feeling, and not at all pretentious as a place that might have three hour waits might make a customer feel.  The centerpiece of the establishment is the giant stone oven where pizza is wood baked freshly to order.. . I ended up ordering a Wiseguy, but my friend ordered a Rosa.  Trying both pizzas, I'd have to say I preferred the Rosa, but my Wiseguy wasn't bad at all.  If you're thinking of commercialized New York style pizzas with tangy sauces and the entire produce section on it, you probably won't like Pizzeria Bianco.  Their's is definitely more along the lines of artisan, Italiano style, where everything is fresh, tastes fresh, and is absolutely delicious.  The centers are soft and chewy, but the crusts don't make you feel like you're eating wood, either.  $16.00 for my Wiseguy doesn't in the least bit feel steep at all, considering it's far less than what I'd pay for a satisfying steak dinner or something else considered "fine dining.". . Ultimately, it was worth the wait.  Classy downtown location, cheap validated parking, great bar with its own great attributes to wait at next door, fantastic bang for buck, and wonderful pizza.  As easy of a five-star rating as I'd give.
We've been trying to make this place for years, but either didn't have the minimum number for an advanced reservation (6), didn't call a month in advance, or weren't   willing to handle the wait.  This was our lucky day.  We toured the Heard Museum, and finished in time for an early dinner on a weeknight where nothing much was going on downtown.  We walked in and saw empty tables, but were told there was a 30 minute wait.  Hmmm....but then, two places were open at the bar, and we jumped on it.  What a great place to enjoy Pizzeria Bianco.  The most interesting conversations took place between the 8 of us, which totally enhanced the whole experience.  The handmade mozzarella and tomato salad is totally to die for and a great way to start your dining experience.  We enjoyed the Rosa and Sonny Boy pizzas, and pretty much finished both!  Gotta say, after finishing, it definitely would have been worth the wait, but sooooo glad we didn't have to! Definitely visit during a slow time, and do take a seat at the bar....you'll meet the most interesting people while enjoying the best pizza ever!
Pizza Bianco has the best wood fired pizzas.  The wise guy and bianco verde are a great combo.  Make sure to add mushrooms to the wise guy for a taste sensation.
The pizza is awesome but be prepared to wait.  I went with a group of 8 and waited about 4 hours to get seated.  The nice thing was they own the bar next door so we had a great time talking over drinks and appetizers.  The pizza was awesome and the staff are really friendly.  Altogether it was a great Saturday night.
Amazing pizza, one of the best I have ever had.  I had the Sonny Boy, which was a simple pizza with red sauce, mozz, salami, and this imported italian olives.  Super delicious, but be careful, it can be a bit salty due to the amount of thinly sliced and baked to perfection salami.  Salty and delicious.  But by far, the star of the show is the crust.  Its chewy, crunchy, baked just right in the brick oven and absolutely delicious.  The service was friendly, the location is only a short walk away from the light rail station (5-7 min) and is in a sort-of gated off little alcove surround by other bars and small restaurants, right in the back of the Phoenix Science Museum.  Definitely recommended, and would go again next time I stop by Phoenix.
Some of the best pizza anywhere.  Period.
Half the fun is the wait.....If you are going to go, you may as well get into it. We get into it, at their Italian place next door and drink tons of wine. L and I later that night had a hot kiss and she lost her precious earrings. I even drove back the next day to look for them somewhere against the wall. Just kissing, but hot, if you lose earrings.. . We went twice once alone, and the 2nd time with her sons and friends. We ordered every pizza imaginable. It seems almost every high end pizza now, is brick oven and more about the crust. I like everyone else will mention, I am from the East Coast and know pizza. Best in the United States, we have several that are at that level. You can flip a coin on which one is better.
Don't go during dinner. It's definitely not worth a 2-3 hour wait. But, if you go after 9, this becomes a much better experience.. . My second visit improved my memory of this place. Came after 9pm, so the wait was less than an hour, and passed quickly at the Rose & Crown. The mozzarella and tomato salad tasted fresh enough to be local and The Wiseguy pizza was very tasty. But, in summary, I think the best experience is to go late and just with one other person.
Simply amazing, I can't recommend this place enough.. Order a margherita and a Rosa, you will not be disappointed!
Great pizza! Light but filling, super fresh homemade ingredients that you can taste and just delicious! It does get busy but we were able to snag a table around 1pm so some of the lunch crowd was starting to die down. they are very fast here and servers take good care of you. The caprese and Margherita pizza are fabulous!
I managed Club Med resorts around the world for 26 years. We moved from Singapore to Phoenix four years ago and found our favorite pizzeria! Mr. Bianco has created pizzas exactly like Napoli, Italy! . . After managing resorts in Bari, Ortranto & Sicily My wife and I found that the pizzas, salads and breads reminded us of Italy. So nice to see fresh products used on the pies! . . I know some say the wait is long but dinner is supposed to be like that! Also want to say that the staff was very nice and the pizza chefs have been well trained. . . Bravo!
Yes, this pizza really is as good as it gets! The flavors and the dough are epic. Service is friendly. They serve lunch now, so there is no need to wait in the long dinner lines!
Believe the hype. Get a reservation with 7 of your friends and do it. Only downside, you will never look at pizza the same way again.
Ok, the five stars is for themargherita pizza- wonderfully fresh and mild mozzarella combined with perfectly flavored sauce (not too much or too little) and fresh basil.  What I loved about this place was how fresh the ingredients were- the mozzarella is house-made every morning, and they were growing herbs outside in the front garden.  This reminded me of my favorite pizzeria (in NY), where they have their own herb garden- this is a must to get the freshest ingredients (which is why I laugh hysterically when I see a Pappa Johns commercial touting fresh ingredients- as if!).. . I am a devoted brick oven fan- there is no pizza that comes close for me.  The crust is very thin and crispy here, just as it should be.  I would not even try to compare other styles like deep dish.. . Other things worth noting: I had a slice of the onion pizza, and I didn't like it as much- it had no sauce, rendering it a little dry for my taste.  Also, we dined mi-afternoon to avoid crowds, and I wasn't able to order the anti-pasto, which was very sad (it's only available after 5pm).  I would have loved to have tasted some of that fresh mozzarella straight up.  Our waiter wasn't the best, but I don't really care that much, because I'm in heaven with delicious brick oven pizza.  . . So, if you appreciate the fine nuances of a good brick oven pizza, definitely check this out.  If you appreciate fresh ingredients and the subtle differences between house made, fresh mozzarella and store bought, check it out.
Amazing pizza. Worth the wait - just head over the the wine bar next door to enjoy a glass of fantastic vino from their great list, along with some yummy apps. It's all part of the experience.. The White Pizza with arugula is to die for.
Everything I've had here is been really good. The issue was always lack of parking and the long waits. But yesterday we arrived at 5pm, found not only parking, but waited less than 10 minutes for a table. So glad they're open for lunch too.
The first time we ate here; we waited over four hours. One might think that is nuts but we had a few bottles of wine and bonded with the other waitees. The food was fabulous. Fresh, Fresh, fresh! Love the pizza with the arugula.  Everything about it is right on.. . Our second time through we went late afternoon and enjoyed it all over again. I am so proud this place is in our city.It inspired us to try the other Bianco eateries, stay tuned for those reviews.
If you have the time to wait for a seat, Pizzeria Bianco is something every pizza lover should experience at least once. The pies are that good.. . The 43-seat restaurant in Old Town Phoenix is nationally known and the crowds outside prove it. You will need to get there around 2:00 or 2:30 in the afternoon to line up for a seat or you may be left waiting until after 6:30pm for the second seating. Really. If you get there after 3:00pm, forget about being in the first group of patrons.. . While you wait, Bar Bianco offers drinks and there are a few places to escape the hot Arizona sun. Most people are nice enough to let you back in line if you need to move, so bring a good attitude and make friends with your line-mates. It will help, believe me.. . The pizza is crafted in a wood-fired oven which, legend has it, was delivered from Italy brick-by-brick and rebuilt on site. The meats offered are gourmet and can be a tad salty. The other toppings and the cheese are also high in quality. The oven creates a wonderfully caramelized crust that the uneducated might call "burned." However, that's their problem...the crust is perfect.. . I prefer the Sonny Boy, which has Salami and Olives, or the standard Margherita. However, the handful of other pizzas are equally as good. You might want to order two and take what's left home versus finishing and needing to order another pie.. . If you're there during baseball season, you can walk to Chase Field to catch a Diamondbacks game...and you can park in the garage in between the two locations.
AZ's version of Brooklyn's Motorino or Paulie G's. The biancoverde is my fav and competes with the best of them. Check out the antipasto and caprese (homemade mozzarella) too.
During another PHX visit, I took friend here for a romantic dinner out.  As always, Bar Bianco and Pizzeria Bianco didn't disappoint.. . This time, we did half a Wiseguy and half a Biancoverde.  Why the hell didn't we ever think to do that before?!?  Spectacular combination!!  . . I'd love to see a pizza smackdown in the middle of Union Square San Francisco, between Tony and Chris.  We would see the 2 best pizzaioli in the USA.  Fo sho!. . I can't wait until October!!
So at the last minute, I was sent on a business trip to Phoenix. I instantly started yelping restaurants so I could be prepared when I arrived. I also planned to meet up with a friend while there. I told him I wanted to try Pizzeria Blanco after reading the reviews and finding out it is rated as the number one pizza place in the US. So we get to the restaurant and it's only an hour and a half wait! Not too bad! We waited at the bar next door, which was great. Before we knew it, we were seated. My friend brought up a good point, there is only so much that can be done with pizza. So true, but still, my expectations were high. From yelp reviews and pictures, I went with the Biancoverde pizza. It was out of control good. I loved the arugula and ricotta cheese, so simple, but so much flavor. the olive oil drizzled on top was just enough to soak into the crust. My friend and I spent the entire time chatting and catching up that we missed a few moments to really savor the food. But that's ok, we had a great time! The entire experience, long wait and everything, is worth the hype.
I'm in Phoenix and staying with a friend for a conference (TPE/NASPA). Never having been to Phoenix before I asked my friend for a few suggestions around the convention center area to have lunch/dinners with old friends and colleagues. He suggested this place and informed me it is ranked #1 in the nation. Being an aspiring foodie and someone who is very judgmental of pizza, these are big shoes to fill. Myself and a good friend went on a Friday around 12:15, I was a little nervous about getting in and out in the needed time, knowing that it was a small place and could have hours of wait time for dinner. Not a problem. We were seated immediately and there were tables to spare. We both ordered coke lights (apparently the Italian version of diet coke) and they came in the adorable classic glass bottles and were very tasty. We asked our server if we could only order one pizza which one he would suggest. He told us the Biancoverde with added prosciutto was the one to get, so we went for it. NO REGRETS. This pizza was tasty. Thin crust and oh so flavorful, the ricotta and cheese were amazing, and the prosciutto was yummy, not overly salty like some can be. It can seem a little pricey, our one pizza was $24 but it fed both of us comfortably. I definitely recommend and passed along the info to a couple friends at the conference as well. I may even end up venturing back before my time comes to an end in Phoenix...only time will tell...
This is definitely one of the best "very italian" wood-fired oven pizzas I have ever had. You can smell, taste and see the quality of the ingredients in this place. This place can be very busy, I went about an hour before close on a Wednesday or Tuesday and still had to wait 15 or so minutes for a spot at the bar. Not an issue since they take you next door to their other bar and give them a call when your place is ready.. . The restaurant itself is pretty cozy and they do not have a bunch of tables which leads to a fairly intimate experience. The menu here is pretty small. I ended up getting a wise guys pizza which has sausage with fennel , onions and cheese and no sauce. I normally do not care for white pizza but this one was superb. To drink they mainly have wine and I believe 1 beer as well as coffee , etc. The dessert menu is equally small with just one item. That item is a biscotti and it is tasteeee. Check this place out for sure but I'd advise going on a less busy night.
Waited 2.5 hours for pizza on a Friday.  The cheese plate and antipasto were good, as was the biancoverde.  BUT, the Sonny Boy was among the best pizzas I've ever had.  Was it worth 2.5 hours.....no, but I'd go back on a weekday.
The hype was worth it. I've been coming to Phoenix for 10 years and always wanted to go but didn't want to have to wait. Finally my family decided to take the plunge and it was worth it. My biggest fear was that the pizza was hyped because most people traditionally do not have pizza cooked in a wood burning oven.  After waiting for an hour and half I was beginning to think that the hype was bigger than the restaurant itself. Wow, was I wrong. I had the Sonny Boy pizza with fresh cured salami and olives. The flavor was incredible. Mix it with the flavor of the crust and it was like a party in my mouth. My family had the margherita pizza and the sauce was simply spectacular. Best sauce ever!  Alton Brown once said that great pizza comes from the crust and Chris Bianco's recipe proves it. The flavor of the burning oak is easily imparted to it. Even though Chris is no longer handling day to day cooking chores I'm glad to see that his recipes are still being cooked the way he expects them to.
I wouldn't even bother trying to go for dinner.  It is all about lunch here.  I've tried every pizza and love them all.  There is a special place in my heart for the wiseguy and the margherita plus proscuitto.  YUMMY!  Their bread is insane.  I could do with a better drink selection, but that is a minor quibble.
Wow! This place lives up to its reputation. And I can honestly say it has one of the best if not best dough and crust that I have ever had. Plus the ingredients just taste fresh. Most of the pizzas you order here will not have more than 3-4 toppings, so it is simplistic. But these are some very very delicious simplistic pizzas. . . My friends and I had the mozzarella and tomatoes then ordered the Margherita, Biancoverde, and the one with sausage (can't remember the name of this pizza). Every single one of the pizzas had the right amount of cheese and the combination was thoroughly entertaining my palate. . . Here's a tip: If you come for dinner here you will probably wait for over 1-2hours. But they are now open for lunch which means you can get there at 11 and get a seat right away!
We had the margherita, the pistachio one and the arugula one. All very good. The pistachio and margherita are my favs. Will go here again. Only waited 15 minutes for a table on a Saturday for lunch around noon time. . . Their bathrooms need some cleaning up.
This place does not live up to its hype; it exceeds it.. You will never look at pizza the same way again. Trust the artistry.. One word; Rosa.
My favorite pizza ever. . . it DOES live up to its hype! people are always complaining about the wait, the wait isn't even that long anymore. the longest I have waited since they started opening for lunch is 45 minutes. dont like it? Im sure there is a dominos near there where you can enjoy your cardboard pizza in 10 minutes. I have waited for 4 hours prior to them opening up for lunch and it was worth EVERY minute. O have had guests from Italy taste Biancos pizza and they loved it. . . The margherita and Rosa are amazing. . The staff is great. For being as busy as they are, they are very helpful.. . I highly recommend Pizzeria Biancos!. . p.s. dont compare this place to Cibo, Cibo is great but its not Biancos, however, it is a great alternative choice.
Wow. This is the best pizza I've ever eaten in my life. It's funny, I was born and lived in New York, got to live in Chicago, and both cities take a lot of pride in their pizza, and as a result, I did become jaded and developed the false idea that good pizza only comes from these cities. New Yorkers like to say it's in the water. I doubt that. What I love about Pizzeria Bianco is that it lives up to the hype and maintains its modesty. The place is modest. The staff works hard. No gloating. So yeah, prepare to wait. Or go off peak, say before 11:30 AM for lunch. The margherita pizza is the litmustest for me. The dough is instantly superior to any other pizza place. That makes a huge difference. Take that, the perfect cooking of the crust (the right texture, char, crispy, chewy, sweet, and salty) and add supremely simple but fresh ingredients, and there you have it. Perfection. Enjoy. These are not large pies. Order one for yourself, otherwise you may regret not having ordered enough. With every single bite, from the first to the list, I kept thinking to myself, "Should I order a second pizza?" I made the pilgrimage. Go check it out for yourself!
I have been coming to Pizzeria Bianco for 8 years and I have never been impressed.  It is very quaint and rustic with the exposed brick walls, the service is great and many of the staff have been there all 8 years I have been going there and the food is really quite incredible.  We enjoyed the spiedini...they seriously melt in your mouth and two pizzas - yummy!  Their wine selection is nice and reasonably priced too!
There're times when you eat something and you want more. Then there are times when you eat something and you instantly know you will never have anything quite like it. For me, I experienced both of those at Pizzeria Bianco. My buddy and I drove almost 500 miles from Santa Barbara for a Giants-Diamondbacks game and thought we'd try this place I had heard about. We arrived fairly late so there was about a one hour wait but man, was it worth it. We ordered a Biancoverde and a Wiseguy. I was a bit skeptical at first because they each didn't have tomato sauce like I was used to, but I realized I dont care much for tomato sauce in the first place and I'm always up for trying new things. BEST DECISION OF THE DAY. The Biancoverde was my favorite. It was so simple (3 cheeses, arugula, and olive oil) yet so amazing. It has left me wanting more to this day. The staff was nice and friendly, not to mention a few cuties. I will definitely drive 500 miles for it again. In fact, I'll be making my way to Phoenix in a few weeks, JUST for the pizza!
The best pizza period.  I have been going there foryears, and for the current reviews from folks going there now (since they started opeing for lunch) and complaining about waiting...you have no idea.  I have waited for a table for three hours there before, and never regretted it.  What's to complain about?  There is an excellent wine bar next door!  If you want to grab a quick pizza then go to some of the "other" pizza factories.  If you want a good, handmade brick oven pizza, look no further.. . I have never had a bad experience with wait staff, service, etc. . . If I could give this place 10 stars I would.. . Go there.
Oh my goodness. Perfectly crispy crust, fresh ingredients and a well thought-out menu. We shared the Wiseguy (fennel sausage, smoked mozzarella and wood-roasted onion) and Marinara pizzas (your basic basil, delicious delicious tomato, oregano and garlic, roasted to a potato-y perfection) and were able to finish all but one piece. Service was fantastic at the bar and my water was refilled every two minutes.. . I also appreciate how all soda comes in bottles (Coke, Diet Coke, Bubble Up). Oh, Arizona... so lucky to have this treasure.. . By the way, the Heritage Garage is an incredible deal - they'll validate your first hour, and then even then just $8 for 4 hours plus parking, garage open all night, and just blocks away from the stadiums. Whew. Coming from LA, this was a dream.
Well we finally got in. About seven attempts and five years later we finally ate at Pizzeria Bianco. I think the only reason we got in is because they are now open for lunch. We were attending a matinee at the symphony and arrived 1.5 hours before and went to the restaurant, there was already a 45 minute wait. We put our names in and didn't get called before we had to leave to see the performance. We got out of the performance at 3:45 and decided to hustle back to Bianco and see if we could possibly get in before the dinner rush. We spoke to the hostess and she fit us in! Yay! . . The menu is minimal about five different pizzas, appetizers and salads. As we looked at the menu we decided to order everything we were curious about as we didn't know when we would ever make it back. So we ordered the Antipasto - wood fired veggies with big blocks of cheese, bright green olives and sopressata, served with bread and the most flavorful olive oil. The perfectly roasted veggies included sweet onion, red peppers and sweet potatoes it was wonderful! We also ordered three pizzas (for two adults and two kids - oh my) the margherita, wise guy and sonny boy. The pizzas were good. We enjoyed the pizzas with Peroni which is a perfect pairing. My favorite was the wise guy. Wood roasted onions and fennel sausage - just incredible. Everything was cooked perfectly. Our tab for three pizzas, antipasto, beers, and sodas came to $92. Pricey lunch but we ordered too much..  . I think I felt slightly stressed during the meal as the service was speedy and I felt a bit rushed. Maybe it was my Catholic guilt rising up feeling like we bumped someone else from getting in earlier. It was a lovely meal, lovely building, but it was not relaxing. . . We took home an entire pie - a mixture of the three. Stuck it in the fridge and can you believe it actually tasted better the next day?? We warmed it in the oven and it was so delicious! . . I'm so happy we finally ate there - cross that one off my list. I don't feel compelled to drive all the way into Phoenix and wait in line for hours any time soon but I would do it again. Probably when I have guests from out of town and someone else is driving so I can enjoy lots of red wine while I wait.. . I'm torn between 4-5 stars but I'm feeling generous.
Let's keep this review simple.. . This place is amazing! It is not life altering, as everybody expects it to be, but it is the best pizza I have ever tasted.. . Yes, I do think it's ridiculous having to wait 2 hours for a table, but that doesn't deter my opinion of the pizza here. . . Everything is prepared and mixed so well. My favorites are the Margherita (I get it w/ sausage) & Sonny Boy.. . Love the atmosphere of the small brick building.
Wow! Food was great! But the service was even better!!! We got there early so we didn't have to wait a long time.  . . Their computer system was down, so instead of asking for cash or taking our card numbers, they comped out lunch. So impressed with this place! And such a cool vibe!
My favorite pizza place in Phoenix, and maybe anywhere.  I've been here several times and never been disappointed.  Plus, they offer a free economics lesson on handling high demand and low supply.  You can either raise the price, or ration the goods.  Prices are reasonable here, but you have to wait.  But the waiting can be pleasant at the bar next door, with a comfortable seat on the porch, a glass of wine and some olives to nibble on.  Really, this is all about the pizza, and primarily about the crust, thin, charred, with just a little chew.
Well worth the long wait. . . Great thin crust pizzas with a great assortment of toppings. Likely the best pizza you will ever try. I have tried almost every pizza on the menu have yet to be disappointed. The Wiseguy is delicious.
Is it really worth the wait? Well, for us the answer is a complete yes to around 40 minutes in June on random weekday but to hear people say they have waited four or five hours for a table is a concept I do not think I could understand under any circumstance.. . The menu is simple and outside of some small before choices do not expect anything other than pizza. The pizza, however, is indeed what the place is all about and for me I had to try the Wiseguy - Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage for my first visit and I think it would be hard to imagine going for anything else.. . Before the pizza the Handmade Mozzarella, Local Tomato and Basil with Extra Virgin Olive Oil was simply stunning and if the food alone was not good enough the service is a definite match to the gastronomic sensation. In particular the person (manager?) that hovered around both here and next door at the bar making sure everything was moving smoothly was amazing.. . Okay, I am hungry now, but sad that I am now too far away from here for an immediate return visit!
I absolutely love this place. They have the best pizza in the phoenix area and though you are almost guaranteed a 30-45 min wait on a slow night it is completely worth it and they also have a great wine bar next door to help you pass your time waiting.
A lot of people mentioned the wait here, but I went during lunch and there was none at all. . . Their bread was not very good, but luckily, my appetizer came quickly. Handmade Mozzarella, Tomato, Basil, and olive oil... delicious! I haven't had mozzarella that good in... well... ever. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.. . I ordered 2 different pizzas because I wanted to try a variety: the margherita and the wise guy. The crust is soooooooooooooooo good. It's thin and crispy so it adds the perfect texture without taking anything away from the actual taste of the pizza. I could eat the margherita every single day. The wise guy, on the other hand, was rather bland. I took it to go so that I could add some spice to it when I got home. Figured it would be pretty insulting to them and embarrassing for me to ask if they had Tabasco or Sriracha sauce, haha. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pSQFynH1VxkfSmehRXlZWw?select=O45QSGlfaSoSq3RlJFBwiw#NkTxsHmspfEVP7LX9brMDg. . Not sure if I'll drive from LA just to eat here again, but I will definitely be looking for an excuse to head in this direction.
I have been trying to get here for years and we finally made it!!! They hype is absolutely true.  It is fantastic pizza.   My tip is go when it opens on a weekday so you don't have to wait.  I know i wouldn't want to wait in the hot summer heat.  The next time i am back in town, i'll be there, at 11 am :)
Absolutely loved the restaurant.  Great food, great time and the wait wasn't that long.  As soon as they took our name, we were ushered next door to quaint old house called Bar Bianco for drinks and appetizers.  We ordered drinks, but our table next door was ready so went back to the Pizzeria Bianco for dinner.  Service and food were great!
I signed up for Yelp because of this place!  It is A-MAZING!!!!!!!! . I judge every pizzeria by their Margherita Pizza and they passed with flying colors! My husband was born and raised in the South of Italy so I have become a major pizza snob and this place made me want to order a second.  If my hubby would have been there, he would have ate 3 because they are soooo good!  I also tried the white pizza with pistachios but I am a tomato sauce girl.  Order the margherita:) Buonissimo! and worth the wait....be prepared to wait.. PS:  I'm actually already planning my trip back to AZ just for the pizza.  I'm serious. lol.
I have never given a pizza place five stars.  My lovely bride met up with Tim and Sarah and their two teenagers at Pizza Bianco on a Thursday night.  A table for six required a 45-minute wait in Bar Bianco.  It was well worth it.  Given there were six of us, we ordered five pies:  Margherita, Rosa, Sonny Boy, Biancoverde, and Wise Guy.  Okay, I hate to admit it, but they were the best pizzas we've ever had, bar none.  I recommend the Rosa and my wife likes the Wise Guy.  This place is stellar.
We've been dying to visit this place for years! Why did we wait for so long??? On countless occasions, we've heard nightmare stories of waiting in line for three hours or more to be seated for dinner.  People seem to rave about the authentic and delicious Italian style pizza. . . We had to have a two hour lunch break on a weekday.  We took a gamble to see if we would be able to be seated within a reasonable amount of time and finally check this place off our list. To our surprise we were seated within 30 minutes and had our food brought out within 15-20 minutes. We had the 'caprese' salad and the biancoverde pizza with prosciutto added and it was INCREDIBLE!!! The salad was fresh and tasty and pizza here reminded us of great pizza in Italy! BEST pizza in the Phoenix metropolitan area! Note worthy food, but probably would not wait 3+ hours for dinner, but this is a wonderful place for lunch--if you have a longer break!. Note: The website states, "Reservations accepted for parties of 6-10 when possible."
This place lives up to the hype, plain & simple!  This is craft or artisan style pizza.  Real dough, real buffalo de mozzarella cheese, real tomato sauce, made in a wood fired over that adds some roasted charcoal-esque sabor to every bite.  . . This ain't no Domino's, Pappa moran's, or Pizza shack nonsense, this is adult food that you will appreciate.  Some of their menu items are set made pizzas and some of them are a bit unusual.  I wanted a sausage, mushroom, onion, and cheese over red sauce & I ordered it (off menu) and they made it no problemo.  Amazing.  I'm sure their suggested pies on the menu are great too, but I like my apples to apples comparison.  Now I've had my fav I keep getting the same thing.  . . Been there during business a couple times never busy for me because I was there at like 4pm on a weekday, or 30 minutes before closing on a weekday.  I hear it gets busy & there are lines during regular meal times, I don't wait for most places, but I would wait in line for this!
Aha! We finally actually got to eat pizza this time! The past few times we've been in the area and have stopped by here, it's been an hour or more wait, and I'm just too impatient to do so. Even the place next door for waiting gets too crowded as well!  This time, we planned it well... after getting breakfast at Gallo Blanco, we figured... hey, we're in the area, why not get some pizzas to go. Yeah, I know... I know... they don't do pizzas to go unless you eat there, so, as gluttinous as it sounds. We ate pizza right after breakfast!. . We did it right this time. We arrived around 10am this lovely humid Saturday morning. No one was in their parking lot. Uh-oh, our timing was too good. We wandered off to the Arizona Science Center to chill (literally it was freezing in there) and then came back around 10:40am, and still no people waiting out front. The first family came around 10:45 and at the same time Bianco's brought the valet stand out. A few minutes later, more and more people came pulling up. So, 10am's too early. I'd say about 10:39am would be just right to park, sit in the air conditioning for awhile and then stroll up to the door at 10:48 and then even though there's a short line, you'll still get a table!. . We ate the Margherita (tomato sauce and cheese was wholesome and good. Very light on the basil this time) and the Wise Guy (sausage was excellent on this one) pizzas there. They're about 12" size pizzas which are good for individual pizzas especially since the crust isn't exactly thick. Everything is really light... the crust, the toppings, the sauce. No feeling of oiliness at the end, because everything is "just right."  We ate the Rosa and Sonny Boy at home. The Rosa is very unique and delicious because it has both Rosemary potatoes and pistachios on it. I loved this one and am still crushing on it! The Sonny Boy is definitely for the olive lovers, because the olive taste is so strong! All pizzas had the fresh, light, brick oven taste. Is it the best pizza in the country as legend has it? Although I did love these pizzas, I can't reach a verdict because it's different. I don't know what to compare it to. La Piazza Al Forno was still this same type of thin gourmet pizza, yet the Al Forno cheeses were just so oily and rich and filling. Amaro Pizzeria and Vino Lounge has pizzas that also reminded me of Pizzeria Bianco's. All I know is... I loved Pizzeria Bianco and I would wait about 30 mins for it, but definitely not over an hour for it. And once I do get in again, I'm going to take home a bunch of pizzas again!
This place has the Best olive oil I've ever dipped my bread into. So zingy and fresh. . . We drove in circles trying to find this place. Oprah had declared it one of the best places to get a pizza pie in the USA and we had to check it out.  It's not the type of place where you can pull up out front park and walk in. Its in a little courtyard by the Arizona Science Center and you have to navigate a bit of a maze to find it.. . We arrived at opening time and there was already a line. Luckily we got a seat no problem and had excellent attentive service. We split a refreshing salad and split a pizza that was half the sonny boy and half wise guy. The pizza's are wood fired and are thin but filling.  I loved the spices in the sausage.. . Elegant pizza in a cute rustic restaurant with attentive efficient service.. . 5 Stars.
Is Pizzeria Bianco really the greatest pizza I've ever had?  I'm not quite ready to go that far.  But does Pizzeria Bianco serve up incredible pizza that lives up to its hype?  Oh, dear God, yes it does.. . We had the margherita pizza (this one at least may have been the best version of this classic that I have I've ever had) and the biancoverde (an amazing white pizza).  Simple.  Fresh.  Delicious.  Those are the three perfect words to describe Pizzeria Bianco.  The menu is small but everything looks tasty.  The ingredients are the definition of fresh.  The tomato sauce on the margherita tastes like it was cooked just before going into the wood fire oven.  I'd believe you if you told me the basil was picked when I ordered the pie.  I can say the same about the biancoverde.  The cow that provided the ricotta could've been milked that morning. The augural and rosemary, were also ridiculously fresh.  The prices may seem a touch high, but the quality of the food is worth every penny.   If I'm going to overindulge something so high in carbs and calories, I might as well know that it's not all processed junk.  The two pizzas were more than enough food for two people; but I won't lie, if there was a third pie, I would have happily consumed that one as well.. . Everyone's top criticism of Pizzeria Bianco is the wait.  All I have to say about waiting hours for a pizza is this; You know what you're getting into before you enter the door.  Pizzeria Bianco isn't a place that most people stumble into on a whim.  It has a well deserved reputation, it's small, and you're most likely aware that there is a goodpossibility that you're dining experience is going to be two to three hours or more.  My fiance and arrived early on Saturday afternoon (4:30) expecting an hour wait.  We were told it would be about an 1:10 and we went next door to get a drink and wait.  To our surprise, in only about 15 minutes, a pair of seats at the bar opened up.  Lucky us.. . Pizzeria Bianco is also now open for lunch.  From what I hear (and have just experienced) it is a lot easier to get in than it used to be.  You know you've been wanting to try it for a while.  Go ahead and do it already!
Amazing pizza. From New York and this blew us away. Must go if you are in town! The sauce was light and had the perfect sweetness. Get the marinara and margarita and enjoy!
My absolute favorite is the Rosa Pizza. I have tried almost every pizza here. The service is fantastic, atmosphere is very cool with brick walls and exposed rafters it just gives it that Rustic feeling of sitting in  a small Italian village. There are a few reasons why there will be wait in the evenings especially on the weekend. They don't take reservations do get there early or plan on hanging out across the way at the wine bar. Enjoy!!!
If you like REAL pizza, not Pizza Hut or other chain type pizza, come here.  If you are used to Americanized pizza, you will not like this place which is probably what a lot of the recent reviwers are having issues with.  You aren't getting doughy pizza drowned with thick tomato sauces and lots of poor quality cheeses and toppings.   I read about this place in Men's Health Magazine as the best Pizza in America.  My brother was living in Phoenix and graduated from ASU so we were there in May and I made reservations way in advance to ensure we got a table.  Wait was less than 15 minutes with the reservation.  If you plan ahead, you don't have to wait 2+ hours.  The place is really small but love the look and feel of it.  I had the Biancoverde pizza which truly is the best pizza I've ever had and I didn't think anything could top the pizzas I tried in New York from some of the mom and pop shops there.  These are fire oven pizzas so they are not going to have oil soaked crusts and will be drier, and the fact that this joint makes their mozzerlla fresh is impressive and it's OH-mazing!  My wife had the Margherita pizza which was also out of this world and my parents who travel to Italy often said it's exactly like what they have had there.  The capri salad is also fabulous and so is the olive oil they bring out at the beginning you can dip the bread in.  All in all, a much healthier version of pizza that I wish America was more excited to adopt!
Like Phoenix it's a Jewel in the desert. I never expected to find a pizza place i like so much in the desert. The grandfathered wood burning oven is what sets this place above th rest. It fills the veggies and pizzas with a wonderful charred & woodsy flavor.. . Do not be discouraged by the hour's long lines because it is worth it. You have two options to make this more bearable. Show up before 5:30 and skip the line or make your reservation and get a drink at the bar next door. Just let Bianca know you'll be there and they'll come get you when you're up.. . Everything here is cooked in the oven and this makes a huge difference in taste. Everything comes out crispy and flavorful it's too bad new wood fire ovens are outlawed. They have local brews but by no means is it a prolific selection, the beer is better at the bar next door and you can bring your beer into Bianca from there if you'd like.. . It's a charming early settlement construction similar to the 100 years+ pizzerias in NYC. If you like Pizza you'll love this place.
Finally good thin crust pizza outside of the tri state area. Light crust, fresh toppings and great sauce. Different than new York pizza but every but as tasty as the best NY has to offer.  I will be back next time i an in Phoenix
Yes, there's a wait even on a Tuesday night but the wine bar next door was quaint and had some games (chess, checkers) for you to pass the time, along with drinks.. . Enjoyed the level of thin-crustedness that the crust was.  Pizza was delicious.  My wife and I got the Biancoverde (Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula) and the Wiseguy (Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage).  Both were good, though we regretted it a bit after for eating so much.  Would definitely go back again.
We got here for lunch at 11:45 am on a Saturday and were seated at a table for two right away. The service was stellar - all the wait staff were hustling. We split a Sonny Boy, and it was awesome. We also asked for an order of bread and olive oil (it's free), and were happy to munch on that while we waited for our pizza to cook. The bread was airy in the middle and crusty on the outside.
I couldn't believe it, but it lived up to the hype. This was the best pizza I've ever had, probably. The service was great as well. The only downsides are the waiting times and the crampness inside, but the quality of the pizza compensates for it.
Yes! Wow, I finally made it to Pizzeria Bianco after having it bookmarked for a couple years.. The good part now is that they are open for lunch, so the line isn't quite as long and they take RESERVATIONS! I made a res for 10 about 3 weeks out, and while it was very crowded in there with 10 people, it was well worth it.. The setting is adorable; Heritage Square, to me, is perfect downtown Phoenix. The old house is super cute, as is the bar next door. Bonus points because you can walk to the ballpark and other downtown sites.. The menu and wine/beer lists are small, but carefully-selected and unique.. The pizza has an excellent crust with delicious, local-where-possible ingredients.. I highly recommend Pizzeria Bianco for visitors and locals!
The owner was kind enough to participate in a great charity event on September 29, Alex Loves Lemonade Stand, in which all proceeds go to fight pediatric cancer. I have heard about Pizzeria Bianco for a few years and was delighted when I found out that they were participating in this event. Please note that many legendary great chefs throughout the U.S were featured. The longest line was for Pizzeria Bianco. O.K., now I get it! That pizza was beyond delicious. I love that the chef was making that pizza dough on-site and brought along a portable wood-burning oven. OMG, I was thrilled to donate money to facilitate pediatric cancer research. However, when Pizzeria Blanco shows up with his great tasting samples and Suzanne Goin gives away her famous short ribs as sliders and Jonathan Waxman flies in from NYC to serve up a great skirt steak, you know you are in a for a good day. Consensus: Pizzeria Bianco "stuck the landing." Thanks for mentoring Mario Batali and Nancy Silverton.  Fortunately, I have friends in Phoenix. Look forward to more than one great sample, and great it was.
Great pizza! The best in Phoenix. This pizzeria is perfection. Immaculate. Nice decor. Good service. The only drawback about this restaurant is the wait to get in. If you don't arrive early you could wait more than an hour to be seated. But I must say that it's worth the wait. The pizza is that good.
All I can say is WOW! I've lived in Northern Italy for a year and have been looking for a pizza to compare and have never found one...until now!  It is exactly like the pizza in Italy... all the way down to the crispy edges.   Too bad I'm not from Phoenix or I'd eat here every day.  The place is small and everyone goes there so go early.  You will not be disappointed.
All I can say is that it rocks!! Love this place and havent been there in 7 years because I wouldnt wait a hour for pizza. Then...I did just the other day. Still fantastic after all these years!
Who know you'd find this in the desert??  Pizza Heaven! Pie Paradise!  Bianco is blissful!  Was on my list for a while.  Finally stopped in for dinner before an event at a nearby arena.  Got there at around 6 to beat the crowd.  Charming old building with a hip fun atmosphere.  Service was timely and very personable.  Recommendations were thoughtful and relevant.  The food was AMAZING.  We split a salad and the sausage pizza.  I didn't want it to end.  I could have just eaten the sausage and been happy.  The crust and the smoky flavor from the pizza oven threw me over the edge.  Highly recommend just for the flavor.  Throw in great location and awesome service and you have the trifecta!  It is important to note that this is a very small place with just a few tables and a small bar.  Not ideal for big groups.
Amazing pizza, amazing service, adorable location. If the wait is long, go next door for a drink!
Ahhh, how I thought I would be disappointed reading reviews before going to Biancos, but I was anything but disappointed. The reviews suggested that some select people did not think it was special. Those people are wrong. I had a perfect lunch the wise guy pizza was, as billy crystal world say "marvelous". My glass of reisling was delightful. The seats at the bar left my bum hurting a bit, but no pain no gain. I will definitely return.
Best pizza on the planet!  Wouldn't hesitate recommending this place.. . We went for dinner even though we had heard there would be a LONG wait.  Only waited about 20 minutes but was worth the wait.  Best pizza, great service.. . Went back for lunch the next day and the manager greeted us by name.  Makes one feel valued;-)
I've had pizza in most every major city and in several cities in Italy...this is good.  I don't think it's the best in the world like they say....but I was happy and I'd be delighted to eat there every night of my life.. . I like the set up.  It's cute and charming.   We were told we would be waiting an hour to sit so we walked next door to the bar they own and enjoyed a drink.  Our table was ready within 20 mins and we sat.  . . After ordering 5 pizzas (there was 6 of us) we stopped.  Total fan...not the best pizza but damn good pizza.  Adorable.  Charming.  Friendly.  Fresh.  Yay.
I first saw Pizzeria Bianco on Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate." This was on the top of my list of places to visit in Arizona. . . Since we arrived on a Thursday at 12:30 pm, there was only a fifteen minute wait. The place isn't very big which is why there are long wait times especially on the weekends. . . Everything on the menu sounded good. This is what my aunt and I ordered. . . Rosa (5 stars) -  The flavor combination was brilliant. I would never think to add pistachios to a pizza. The distinct pistachio flavor transformed with the balanced combination of red onions, parmigiano reggiano, and rosemary. The texture of the crust was yummy and what to expect from a wood burning brick oven. . . Sonny Boy (4 stars) - The toppings on this pizza was a good contrast to the Rosa. The tomato sauce was tasty, and there was just enough mozzarella cheese. They used good quality salami. I'm not huge fan of olives on my pizza, but these olives were delicious. . . Service (5 stars) - The staff was friendly, and we did wait too long for our food. They even offered to take our picture outside since they do take many pictures. . . This is must try for locals and tourists when you're in Phoenix.
My wife and I visit Greater Phoenix a couple times a year.  Our fave restaurant is Pizzeria Bianco.  I have a story to illustrate how good the place is.  This is not a joke - this actually happened on our first visit.  As we were advised to do, we arrived several hours before they opened.  This was back when they had more limited hours and they weren't open for lunch.  We waited in the line, but it wasn't too hot out, and we had a nice time.  When we finally sat down, we were hungry.  But before we could order, a very normal looking middle-aged woman entered the restaurant and approached our table.  She said her son was visiting from out of state and they had to take him to the airport, and they didn't have time to stand in the line, but her son's favorite thing in the world is the Sonny Boy pizza from Pizzeria Bianco, so would we mind ordering a couple extra pizzas to go when we ordered our meal?  Apparently Pizzeria Bianco doesn't accept takeout orders, but they will give you a pizza or two to-go if you order them as part of your meal.  Before we could say no, the woman was already thanking us and I had $40 in my hand.  We were stunned.  When our server approached us, he asked if we knew that woman.  We said no, and we told him the truth when he asked what she wanted.  He told us he'd take care of the situation, and he went outside to chat with the woman.  Then she stormed back into the restaurant, told us we threw her under the bus, demanded her money back and marched back out of the restaurant.  Pizzeria Bianco is that good.. . We started with the Antipasto with the awesome roasted veggies, I think we had the Caprese salad and we had 2 of the pizzas - the Sonny Boy and I think the Wiseguy.  Fantastic meal.  Pizzeria Bianco is that good.
Yep, solid 5 stars again.  Two for two visits-- does that mean 10 stars???. . I struggled to not order the Rosa.  This time I went with the Sonny Boy and was not disappointed.  Just the right amount of (wonderful) salami.. . Don't dink around with the choices.  As per my previous review I will say again: "trust the artistry".  . . Seldom will you find a crust this good, and almost never will you find it this well prepared.  Notice the indifferently blackened crust in the  photo, and on YOUR pie.  Just GO there!
Worth the wait, the best pizza on the planet.  (If you don't have the time, a subset of the pizza menu is available at Pane Bianco on Central.
who could ever rate this less than 5 stars????
I actually checked out the 1 stars to have a laugh.  This is the best Pizza place in the world.  I have been away from Phoenix for at least 3 years and having only visited this place 3 times.... I want to take a plane and go back just to have dinner!. . Yes Chris I will wait 3 hours in your bar next door just to have the spiedini!  I tell you what --- all of my spiedini's are not even close -- tell me what I am doing wrong and send the salad dressing so I can stop this obsession!. . When you got it - you got it!  When you are me you beg to come to Phoenix to visit Chris!. . And I cannot even get close to the dough - so if you are giving out secrets--- ..... darn the plane tickest for a family of 4 are high!---  UgggI just have to wait ...maybe forever.
I was eating at Westville in New York, NY a few years ago and got into a conversation about food with a guy at a neighboring table. Eventually, talk turned to pizza. As it does in New York. And he told me about Pizzeria Bianco. And he said it was one of the best, perhaps the best, pizza in the USA. And of course I thought, this cannot be true. Because it's not in New York. Call it prejudice, and you'd probably be right, but New Yorkers are incapable of believing ANYTHING in New York is not the best of whatever it is. Pizza especially! Well, Pizzeria Bianco lives up to its reputation. I went twice while visiting Phoenix recently (second time was quite a long, New York-style wait) and had everything on the menu. Holy shit. Amazing. Many people I went with also thought "best pizza I've ever had." One old curmudgeonly guy wasn't impressed, but he's that old guy that's not impressed by anything, so forget him for now. I liked it. Especially the white pies! Which NEVER happens because I usually think FUCK PIZZA WITH NO TOMATO SAUCE. I was WRONG. The Rosa is FUCKING INCREDIBLE. GET IT. And more. And go back. I had to wait years to visit. It was worth it. Read my other reviews. I'm not usually this nice, even when I'm nice.
The best pizza. Yes what you here is true, the wait is long and sometimes you will wait more then 3 hours. . . A good tip not to wait. Get there right when they open and you will be sat almost upon entry. Everything they have is good. . . It's the best pizza!!
Best pizza I've ever had...hands down.  It lives up to the hype.  In fact, I've been now 3 times before writing this review as I wanted to make sure my 'best pizza' claim was true.  Each time I've had a different pizza and each time I've walked away wanting more.  The crust is amazing and it is cool to watch them make the pizzas.  Best time to go is for lunch...but get there early as it fills up quick.  The restaurant is small and cozy...with a cool bar next door if you are caught with long wait.  . . It isn't often that places live up to the hype...but Pizzeria Bianco exceeds it!
The following is a live-Yelp of my first experience at Pizzeria Bianco.. . Wine: Primitivo, Antico Sigillo '10 Salento, Italy (red). I'm starting out with the usual wait (45 minutes this time) at the bar next door*. I was impressed that the hostess will come over to let you know when your table is ready. The interior of the bar is warm, intimate, and very cute. I usually take my reds from California, Spain, Australia, and Argentina...this Italian is very impressive. Full-bodied, fruity (blueberry notes), very mellow tannins, consistent from the front to the back end. Thanks to the knowledgable bartender, I have a new favorite.. . *The wait was more like 15 minutes. It pays to dine solo.. . Pizza: Rosa, with extra fennel sausage - excellent, but not for red sauce lovers. When the waiter set my pizza on the counter, my eyes got very big. It arrived piping hot and smelling delicious. It's as delicious as it smells and looks, too. The pistachios, cheese, and red onions are all melted into the wonderful crispy-tender bread. I'll ask for some olive oil...my promise to lose five pounds before New Year's Eve is now destroyed. The olive oil made a great thing even better...great for dipping the extra crust into.. . Summary: Artisan bread lovers and native Italians, rejoice! Dominoes take-out palettes, Chicago pizza casserole gobblers, New York grease slice fanatics, and characters of the Jersey Shore persuasion... you might want to sit this one out.
ok its not ghetto fab like red devil.... its different!!!!! but the pizza speaks for itself and is delish!!!! if you have a couple of hours to spare and want to try good pie stop here!!!!
Amazing pizza! We came with (very) high expectations and still left wow-ed. We got 4 pizzas to share: the rosa, biancoverde, sonny boy and wiseguy. All were fabulous but the rosa was a true standout. I was slightly hesitant about the flavors going together (red onion, parmesan, rosemary and pistachios) but trusted they knew what they were doing. And do they know their stuff. This pizza was hands down the best/most memorable--it was incredibly unique and flavorful and the crunch of the pistachios rounded it all out. The biancoverde was also delicious, the ricotta tasted so buttery! Another standout was their bread--apparently it is baked at their sandwich joint. It was crusty, eggy and delicious with their wonderful olive oil. We had 2 pieces left and I insisted on taking it to go--later to find out they had tucked in a few extra slices for me! Score! Pizzeria Bianco definitely lives up to the hype! GO!!!!
My favorite pizza in the whole world.. . I've eaten pizza all over the world, and there are a handful of places that come close to Pizzeria Bianco, but nothing exceeds it.. . YES, the wait is horrendous.  I honestly think that's part of the charm though; the anticipation makes the pizza a little bit better.. . It's a competitive field.  Would Ken's Artisan Pizza taste as good if you had to wait two hours for a pie?  Maybe.. . Go here if you're prepared to wait a looooooong time for a pizza that is without peer.  If you're visiting from out of town, it's an experience you will not forget.
It's simple. Some people know what they are doing and do it great. These guys nail it. Great environment, beautiful place, warm, romantic, homey. The food is also reasonably priced and delicious. The staff go above and beyond to be personable and professional. We will be back for sure. Looking forward to it.
Of course , I've heard the hype and was skeptical. If one more AZ native tells me where the "best pizza in Phoenix" is and mentions a chain!!. I take my  pizza seriously, I'm an east coaster with a brick oven fetish. I've been to Pane Bianco for lunch and loved the sandwiches , so I should love the pizza. Right? I was concerned about the wait since I have no patience and waiting hours for a pie is Craazzzy! So I leave work early on a Wednesday and grab the hubby and headed downtown. The valet was close & easy. I walked into the restaurant and score 2 open chairs at the bar! We sat immediately and ordered drinks. My husband got a microbrew ( ok 2 ... )and me the DD a coke. We ordered the wise guy , which everyone was ordering , just check out the reviews and the Bianconverde. The latter doesn't come w tomato sauce , so we asked for extra tomato sauce with the ricotta , mozzarella , Parmesan & arugula pie. I  recommend trying this combo! it was amazing!! I can't eat a pizza without ricotta cheese now! The brick oven is in the middle of this tiny family style restaurant , so you can watch them make your pie. I loved the atmosphere and talking to others at the bar. No Scottsdale pretentiousness here.. I left full( we did eat 2 pizzas) and missing home. This placeis the equivalent of Stella's Pizzeria at 3rd & Lombard in Philly. Honestly, I never thought I'd find a good pizza let alone a fab brick oven pie in Phoenix , yes Phoenix! I guess the gods have been with me , since I've never waited for a table.
I've tried to go here like 3 or 4 times and its always been far too busy and tooooo long of a wait. Went in for lunch today and got a seat right away. We ordered a WISEGUY- Wood-Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage. WOW! Loved it. The dough they make for the pizzas is something I've never had before and I lived in NY for quite a while. My wife was a bit disappointed as it didn't have red sauce on it and she wasn't aware of it when we ordered. So we ordered the Sonny Boy to go for dinner tonight. My only negatives (not enough to ding a star rating) were that I'm diabetic and ordered a cappuccino and they don't offer sweetener...only Sugar in the Raw. I understand "keeping it real" but it kinda sucks for people like me. I hate being forced to pay for parking too (Parked 30 feet from entrance)...just the way I am. Regardless, this was rock-star pizza!
Not much else to say that hasn't been said already by the 800 some odd other reviewers - looks like I'm late to the party here!  I was introduced to the Pizzeria back in oh, 1995 or so when one of my co-workers mentioned something about this little pizza joint that was getting rave reviews in the NY Times or something like that and he had to find it and try it for himself, so a group of about 10 of us went searching for it for dinner that night.  . . It took us awhile to find it as it wasn't nearly as famous back then as it is now, and GPS and cell phones weren't invented yet so we had to rely on paper maps and phone booths (I know, some of you younger folks are scratching your head and saying what's that?).  . . What we found was a very small place with a bar and wood fired oven, and a very long wait.  I was skeptical of course, I mean, how good could something as simple as a pizza be to be worthy of an hour wait?  Well, I was pleasantly surprised and to this day it's the best pizza I've ever had.  As others have mentioned don't expect the usual pizza fare here, although in this day and age the ingredients aren't nearly as unique and surprising as they were to us 18 years ago!   . . I think we got at least one of each of their pizzas as it was a fairly limited selection.  The thin crust pizza from a wood fired oven, smokey mozzarella and fresh mushrooms and veggies, fennel sausages on an olive based pie with no tomato sauce was just awesome and nothing like I'd tasted before.  I recall we ordered an insalata caprese which at the time I'd never heard of, and it's since become one of my favorite salads to make.. . I haven't had the chance to get back there in a few years but the Pizzeria Bianco is definitely on my list of places to visit when I'm back in the area.  I see the owner has opened some other restaurants in Phoenix now so I suppose those will be on my list to try too!
After reading about it's opening so many years ago, and then watching bit by bit as Bianco received accolades as some of the best pizza in the country, I FINALLY was in the area of business with an meal time to spare... Okay, so I lied.  I flew in purposely a bit early, so I could have a friend pick me up and grab lunch with me here.  (To be fair some of my other coworkers were on the plane with me, so it was probably a good call).. . So we stuffed ourselves on three pizzas:. . Sonny Boy - Enjoyable pizza, and I kept thinking that my wife would've loved thsi since they used olives.  But for those that aren't olive fans, fear not, the flavor of the olives is somewhat muted likely thanks to the heat of the oven and combines well with the saltiness of the salami.  Tasty combination, but not a clear winner.... . Rosa - Chris Bianco's personal creation and contribution to the world of pizza, the pistachio, red onion, rosemary, parmesan pizza is quite simply... spectacular.  While it sounds odd, the way the pistachios roastwith the oil on the pizza, combined with a slight bight of the red onion and a rosemary/parmesan flavor to smooth things out.  This really is a spectacular pizza, and our favorite of the three.  For those that like your crust a bit stiff, this is pretty ideal as well, as you don't have the fresh mozz and sauce pushing on the thin crust to make it soggy.  Seriously, get this pizza.... . Margherita - We ended on a margherita, and as many margheriitas, it's phenomenal for the first few minutes straight out of the oven.  The primary issue with Neapolitan style pizza is that it's crisp/firm right upon exit, and within 4 minutes or so, the middle will soak the sauce/moisture from the pizza, and become soggy surely but steadily... all the while, the flavors of the basil/mozz begin to meld better with the sauce.  That being said, this was still a great pizza, and being able to taste the difference from the first slice to the last slice is eye opening in terms of understanding how the ingredients play together over time.  A classic that worth getting.. . Verdict:  Bianco lives up to my years of waiting.  Is it the best pizza in the US?  I don't know if it deserves that designation necessarily... is it one of the best pizzas I've had in the states so far?  Absolutely.  My only regret is not having enough stomach to try one of every pizza on the menu... Will be back whenever I can make it!
Delicious wood fired pizza. The variety is not great, but the two pizzas we had were incredible, especially the crust. We ordered the Margherita and the Wise Guy. My only complaint is that we didn't order enough! We went about 2:00pm on a Tuesday and did not have to wait at all. I am not sure this place would be worth waiting for, so go during the off peak times. The service was ok, but not fabulous. As empty as it was, you would think it would have been impeccable. We had to get up and ask someone for crushed red pepper because nobody stopped by the table.
Love the pizza, but not the wait. However, its worth it!
Found this place on Best of Phoenix and noticed the wealth of amazing reviews, which put this to the top of my list to check out.  I went on a Tuesday at around 8ish which seemed like a good time to come because I heard the wait is ridiculous and sometimes the line is out the door around the corner.  Parking was limited but it was only a $3 valet charge.  When I got there the wait was about 25-30 minutes, but they directed me to their bar, Bar Bianco next door while I waited.  Smooth move because while I enjoyed the local ale and chit chatted with the bartender, my wait was over quickly.  Since I was flying solo that night I got seated pretty fast at the bar located at the pizzeria.  Ordered the Rosa which was topped with Red Onion, Parmesan, Rosemary, AZ Pistachios...a delicious combo :)  The guy next to me also had the right idea also and the place was recommended by his foodie boss.  He offered me a slice of his Margherita pizza.  As tempting and amazing as it looked, I had to sadly decline.  Now I wish I took a bite! Don't let the wait discourage you.  A must try place.  Maybe not THE BEST pizzeria, but it's pretty good :)
Great pizza, and great service. We came here during a weekday and had to wait for half an hour. In the meantime we could already get a drink in their next door bar. . There is a lot to choose from on the menu, but their WiseGuy was worth the try. . For this great of a pizza it's a bargain, I heard rumors of 2 hour waiting in line, I'm lucky that this wasn't the case for me.. If I would would be a local, I would get back every week.
I finally made it to the Mecca of pizza..... I have been a pizza nut for a while.  I have been makin pizza and italian food professionally for 15 years and I have always wanted to try this place.  I loved the simplicity of the menu and freshness of the ingredients.  The bread was nice.  We got several pizzas and I can't say I had a favorite! Maybe the pistachio...or maybe the sausage one....well the margherita was also really good.......!!
I've been here a few times now since its close to where I live and I've tried most of the pizzas here multiple times. My thoughts? Skip the Rosa. The parmigiano is way too overwhelming (unless you're into that...then by all means). The Wise Guy is alright but a little too greasy for my tastes. The margherita is solid and my friends rave about the sonny boy (I don't like olives).  But my goodness that biancoverde. That's the one I think about when someone mentions Bianco and the one I go back for every time. The fresh arugula pairs so well with the cheeses and it's so well balanced. You can tell the ingredients are top notch and the crust is just icing on the cake. It is simply incredible.. . On the flip side, I would avoid coming herearound noon and dinner time since the wait times are outrageous around then. Personally I don't think it's worth waiting over an hour for. Is the pizza good? Absolutely. Is it life-changing? No. As many have noted, it's just pizza.  Still, it's worth planning ahead for and trying out. You won't be disappointed.
I will admit, I have always been a detractor.  The moment someone labels something "Best (whatever) in (wherever)!" my immediate reaction is to think there is a giant media conspiracy afoot to trick all the gullible peons into thinking they're onto something really special.. . So you can imagine my disappointment when, over a year ago, I finally got the chance to try this place, and found it to be...good?  OK, I still didn't think "Best in America!!!" was warranted, and I didn't think it was worth the 2-3 hour wait to eat dinner at a reasonably early hour, but the meal was clearly enjoyable.. . Fast forward a year.  We're driving around town on a noble quest to locate the best pizza in Phoenix, and we decided we ought to try Bianco again, just as a yardstick.  Now I have had some of the most highly rated pies this fair metropolis has to offer: I've had different crusts, different toppings, different sauces, and I'm starting to notice the little things that make the difference between a good pie and a mediocre one.. . Going into Bianco with this perspective yielded a whole different outcome.  I can no longer deny it: Pizzeria Bianco makes an incredibly good pizza.  The little things were all there: the crust was perfect, the sauce was fresh and flavorful, the ingredients were high quality.  The toppings were simple, yet sublime.  This time I had the Sonny Boy, which has nothing more than tomato sauce, mozzarella, salami, and olives.  A very unassuming mix of toppings indeed, and one in which the flavors worked together in perfect harmony to placate my tastebuds in the most authoritative manner imaginable.. . No, it wasn't my favorite pie ever.  But it may have been the most well-constructed, and finessed.  In fact, I don't even know if I can say Pizzeria Bianco is my favorite pizza place.  I have had a few pies I liked better than the one I had at Bianco, but this one may have been the most technically sound, if that makes any sense.. . So there you have it.  As much as it pains me to admit it, this place deserves its reputation.  One friend complained that they are too pretentious: I think they've earned the right to be a little bit pretentious.  If you're not too concerned about the details, you may not find this place to be that special.  But if you don't at least enjoy your pie, there is probably something wrong with you.. . I don't know if Bianco will always be this good, since they're opening up other locations now, and when that happens, quality can suffer.  Let's hope for the best.
This is located in Heritage Square, 1 block from the Convention Center.  What a fantastic setting- the pizzeria is located next to the bar/cafe, which looked like a converted house with live music playing on the front porch.  There were beautiful white lights strung across the lawn and cute picnic bench seating for people wanting to wait.  Pizza/food is served only inside.  Fun, interesting flavors, like red onion with crushed Arizona pistachios- delicious!!
The best!  I haven't been there in years and the last time we went it was a 3.5 hour wait but so worth it!  Great for a date if you want to get to know someone waiting in line so long.  . My advice is to arrive at 330pm so that way you can be one of the first in line and eat with the first seating at 5pm.
Wise Guy is all you have to say. The local sausage and hand made smoked mozzarella make this white pizza the best you will ever taste. We have been visiting this landmark eatery for over a decade. We have waited up to 4 hours many time just to get a seat but a little over a year ago they opened earlier so the wait now is only 1-2 hours. If you have never been there, GO There!
as good as gets for pizza... super long waits that are well worth it get some appetizer and drinks next door.
Oh my gosh. I die for this pizza. It's beyond AMAZING!!!
We have lived in Phoenix almost 8 years and been dying to try Bianco's but wait is always way too long.  Recently went to newly opened location and got in within an hour only because we wanted to sit inside (heating up in the valley).  Seating is limited so once it gets really hot, I suspect the wait might get a little longer.. OK the food: appetizer free because of the wait, nice touch, we had the anti-pasto which was not at all what we expected yet thouroughly delightful. Fresh beets, baby carrots, cheese, Sopprosetta, and fennel - very flavorful.  Pizza was good, the crust is really what makes it great, toppings were ok, my daughter prefers traditional pepperoni and sausage to the local schreiners sausage and supressetta (don't know how to spell).  Flourless chocolate cake with vanilla bean cream was an excellent end to a great meal.  This will probably not be a frequently visited restaurant due to the wait times but we will definately come back sooner than eight years.
If you only have the chance to eat here once, don't be tempted to try something new.....just grab the margarita, sit back and enjoy pizza perfection.. . P.S.  The latte and home made biscotti are pretty darn good too
Love the food; awesome bread.
First date with my long time boyfriend was here. After Suns game, next to Steve Nash celebrating his birthday. Excellent pizza and atmosphere.
Went on a Thursday afternoon at 12:30 and had 0 minute wait, just sat down and had pizza.. . aaaand Amazing pizza at that -. Wise Guy and the classic Margharita was my favorite of the offered pies - and yes I tried them all. Crust was crispy and light. Toppings were just the right proportion for my taste. . It is the best pizza I have had in the southwest for sure -
A nationally esteemed wood fired pizzeria in the heart of downtown Phoenix, this is the best pizza west of the Mississippi.. . Forget all the fuss you've heard about extended wait times and long lines, blah blah blah.  Waiting here for a table is half the fun, so get your name on the list and chill out.  I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but if you don't want to wait for dinner, go at lunch.  We usually show up at 11:15 or 11:30 and wait no more that 15-20 minutes for a table. . . The pizza perfect in every way, starting with the ridiculously crispy/soft/slighty-chewy/thin crust to the perfect blend of minimal toppings that compliment each other more than new couples in puppy love. The Biancoverde is my all time fav, but you must try the Rosa which is this amazing mix of red onion, parmigiana and pistachios...unbelievable. . . Remember...don't hate...appreciate (that you have one of the best pizza joints in the world right in your backyard)
Had to check out Bianco prior to moving away from Phoenix. It was as good as advertised. Wait time wasn't too bad. Go for a few drinks at the bar next door and your time will fly by.  Biancoverde, Wiseguy, Rosa and Margherita pizzas were shared amongst friends. . . By unanimous decision, Margherita was the top choice. It was clean and balanced. I would definitely order it many times over.. . Tip: Add prosciutto americano onto the Margherita pizza and feel the flavor explode in your mouth. Your taste buds will thank you.
Have known Chris Bianco for many years.  One thing never changes and that is his focus on details and only using the best products available.
Pizzeria Bianco was as great as advertised and the pizza rivals any we have in Philly.  We went at lunch on a week day and had only a very short wait. Pizzas have crispy crusts and fresh simple ingredients.  Loved the salad with the peaches, too.  Friendly, attentive service. Highly recommended destination in Phoenix.
Always consistent in quality. Servers are always very helpful
Bianco came with much fanfare and accolades, which had me skeptical coming into the place, as I am a pizza snob. However, I left a believer in this tiny re-purposed building serving up Napoli-style pies, and have been back since. Each time, I was with a large group, so there was a bit of a wait. No sweat, as Bar Bianco (the accompanying small building twenty yard away from the pizzeria) is a cozy "bar" that feels more like someone's house (as it probably was when built in the early 1900's). The service at BB has been dynamite on both visits. After getting seated in PB's one room that houses the dining area, small bar, and brick oven, the service was prompt and friendly. Between my two visits, I have tried each pie, and the Rosa gets my vote as the premier pizza on the menu. Be brave and order it sans sauce (as the chef intended). It will not disappoint. Other favorites include the Biancoverde and Wiseguy. After visiting twice in one year, I plan on making Bianco a regular stop when I am in the Phoenix area visiting family.
Pure yumminess and a fun staff to boot!
My son would come home from the CIA in New York and we would go over to Camelback for a movie and a Pizza at Bianco's. it was great pizza, and you could sit and talk with Chris and it was a perfect evening. My son honed in on the mozzarella, which Chris handmade everyday, and they would talk about developing gluten.. When he moved downtown we tried to follow him for an occasional pie, but it got to be impossible. Major foodies were Dubbing Bianco, Best in the West...the country...the world. The lines were 2 hours for the very few seats. People started sharing reservation and line trading strategies. We went a couple of times and it was very good, but for me the best times were just before closing at the Town and Country, listening to Chris talk about wood-fired ovens and the search for perfection. If you haven't tried it, you owe it to yourself. Turn in your name, go to the Science Museum, come back have your pizza and file it in your memory. It's that good, but I have to wonder whether its as good as the memory
Ahmazing! We are lucky to have this Pizzeria in Phoenix.
Best pizza I've ever had!  If you plan ahead, the wait can be managed.  I understand that Chris used to make every pie himself, but he now allows others to assist with the honors.  No worries, because the quality remains top shelf.  Fun place to eat and enjoy the downtown scene.
Good pizza nothing else to say
Fantastico!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Totally impressed with Trattoria Bianco. Excellent all around, from the pizza, to the small plates, pasta dishes and dessert (except for the amaretto cake). Perfect bread, great setting.
Pizzeria Bianco must sit on some mystical vortex of outstanding pizza. It's a perfect balance of each element: Crust, cheese, topping. Get the Rosa and you will not be disappointed. . . If you are disappointed by the Rosa, I don't know what totell you other then you have terrible taste in pizza.
Loved the atmosphere and different selection of food. It was refreshing to see even the appetizer selection was so unique!
This is seriously the best pizza. I have eaten at Mozza, Apizza Scholls, Grimaldi's in NY and Difara which are all considered the best pizzerias in the US and Bianco is better than all of them. I still am amazed that there are ANY bad reviews about this place. The complaints are really obscure and hard to figure out. Ignore them. Here's the deal. If you go at night you are gonna wait a long time. This pizza doesn't have magic fairy dust on it so it won't change your life, its just really good. Go at lunch if you don't want to wait. There is a high demand for this place and therefore it takes a lot of effort to keep the hoards organized and happy so forgive the staff if they are a little direct after answering the same question that they have been asked for the hundredth time that night. Know these things and you will be in for a great experience and some world class pizza..
Love the service and the food! I always crave a good chicken BBQ pizza with thin crisp and this place offer that and so much more.
The best "simple" pizza I ever had.. . Waited zero mins on a Saturday lunch.  I guess it was too built up...I mean it was excellent pizza...but nothing mind blowing. . . Is it worth waiting zero mins for table...absolutely.   2-3 hour wait...not a chance.
For our table of eight, we decided to get two antipasto plates, two spiedini portions, and one of each pizza.  Boy am I still full from Saturdays indulgence!  I know there were some people on here that said the place lacked seasoning and flavor and I couldn't disagree any more than I already do!. . Antipasto:  Your typical fare of vegetables, cheese, and meats.  I enjoyed the squash and prosciutto-wrapped figs.  Yum!. . Spiedini:  With bites of spinach to cut through the saltiness of the rich fontina cheese and prosciutto, it was almost a perfect bite.  . . I won't drone on about every single pizza but I will say that the Rosa was my favorite.  The Rosa pizza is just a flavor-explosion.  I love how the pistachios adds an interesting texture and who doesn't love rosemary?  Delish.  All the pizzas were beautifully charred with the perfect balance of crispiness and chewiness while the toppings were top-notch and great quality.. . Overall, the service was fast and friendly and the place was busy!  I can understand what the hype's about --- great food and definitely recommended!
Wowza, this place has been one of my favorites for many years now!  I love everything about it.  I know there can be a very long wait at times, but it's well worth it.  I consider it a part of the date night.  . . Many times Paul and I have come here and just ordered a bottle or two of wine and sat outside on the long picnic table near the lights.  Other times we made a reservation and walked around downtown Phoenix or checked out the Science Museum and came back to eat.  Either way this place is worth the wait!. . My favorite pizza is the Biancoverde and the Margherita.  I've also had the Rosa and enjoy that too.  It may be worth your while to order a 3rd pizza and freeze it at home because it is so delicious.  Enjoy!
We met Chris Bianco at the bar. Great food! Chuck pours generous glass of wine and an attentive wait staff too.
Best pizza in the valley. Handle this!
I needed to see what all the hoop la was about! I went in expecting the worst, as I usually have a disappointing experience when a place is overrated.. . Anyway, we spent the hottest day of the year (118 are you freaking kidding me?!) at the Science Center. I thought, ok PB is next door and there is no line, so we went for it.. . It was about 4:45 and the place was practically empty! So the 6 of us rolled in and were seated immediately. Fabulous.. . The menu is simple. Love that. We ordered the salad, roasted garlic pizza, margherita pizza, the Rosa, and the chocolate flourless cake.. . Oh my stars. The food is excellent. What more can be said after 800+ reviews? My favorite was the Rosa pizza. Carmalized red onion, pistachios, rosemary...now I'm not a pizza expert (like I am with cupcakes and coffee lol), but this was probably the best pizza I've ever had. And I can't believe I'm saying that since I've traveled all over, and the best pizza ends up in my own backyard? . . Chocolate flourless cake was also the bomb. So fudgy and rich and dense. So good!. . Service was excellent too. Maybe because we were only  1 of 3 tables, but still. Food came out super fast, waters refilled, nice chit chat with the server about the owner Chris and the concept of the restaurant...I mean the whole experience from start to finish was perfect.. . Great spot. Now, I would never wait for hours and hours. Just come for lunch or between lunch and dinner. But if you absolutely have to wait, it's worth it :). . Can't wait to come back!
One of the best pizzas I ever tasted!  I would recommend this place to anyone.
Great atmosphere, great food and good drinks.
Last weekend we went to Pizzeria Bianco after a play.  Arriving at 930pm allowed us to miss the rush and enjoy the charm and authentic pizza at this local favorite. The ingredients on the pizza are fresh, many imported and the crust coming out of the wood burning oven absolutely lives up to all the hype.  The olive oil, prosciutto, parmesan cheese and tomatoes will take you back to Italy.  The staff was friendly and didn't rush us although their official closing hour is 10pm.
Great menu and true Italian pizza and staff. A bit expensive and cramped tables.  Need to expand and have more tables so not such a long wait to eat.
Great brick oven pizza!. . If you are in the downtown Phoenix area near the Arizona Science Center or Chase Field and want one of the best brick oven pizza's, you have to come here.. . Street parking is difficult, valet parking is expensive, garage parking is bearable if you don't mind a short walk and get a parking validation ticket at the restaurant.. . The entire building is brick with a nice lawn area with a long picnic table lined with fig trees. There is another building which they use as wet bar and waiting area. Get there early or expect to wait because this place is popular.. . This is my second time to Pizzeria Bianco and the quality and service has not disappointed. We came a little before lunch time to beat the crowd and got a nice table in front of the brick oven which takes up a quarter of the restaurant. We decided to order just one pizza to share since we wanted to save room for other taste treats.. . We ordered the Wiseguy which is originally one of their white pizza's, but with a tomato sauce. It's topped with roasted onions, fennel sausage and smoked mozzarella. All the ingredients were fresh and cooked to perfection. . . The menu is limited, but seasonal ingredients are often available. It's a bit pricey, but worth every penny. I'm not sure if I would recommend it if the wait is more than an hour in the middle of the summer.. . Recommendations: Arrive at least 30 min. early, park in the garage, get a parking validation ticket, and try a pizza.
this place is pretty amazing. amazing enough for my boyfriend and i to arrange our whole afternoon around.. . knowing that this place is extremely well known/popular/busy/insane, we decided to strategically plan our outing in downtown phoenix directly around when Pizzeria Bianco opened for dinner and i'm really glad we did! we were able to be seated within 20 minutes ( know... 20 minute wait when they just open their doors!) and were really pleased by the attentive service. the menu was full of delicious options and it was really hard to pick just one pizza to try, so we settled on two different ones and also ordered up a couple of local beers from the Prescott Brewing company.. . everything was REALLY delicious. the crust of the pizza was cooked perfectly.... crispy and smoky on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. my fig and prosciutto pizza was salty and sweet. made me want to order another a pie to take home but i restrained myself. . . really worth it to make the trek here! try it out. i promise you won't regret it.
Best pizza in phoenix hands down.. Also the service is top notch. This should be the industry standard.
I my goodness this was the best pizza Ive had outside of Rome!!!
Pizza of Legend. That could be the name of a documentary about Pizzeria Bianco. It came highly recommended and we had to try it as we were spending the day in Phoenix. . . It's tiny. Really tiny. Even smaller than I thought. And it's perfect. A few tables and seats at the bar. We snagged two seats at the bar, luckily, as soon as we walked in. . . The bartender, Dave, was a really cool dude. We had a great chat, ordered a few beers, and went onto the menu. . . The Bianocverde is. That's all. It "is." Fill in your own blank. . . Perfectly complex. . Textbook charred crust. . Pungent. . Aromatic. . . That arugula...it looked like spinach, but was so nutty and mild. It's one of the best pizzas I've ever tried. . . The Rosa. Equally amazing. Pistachios on pizza? Don't judge it. Simply wonderful. A perfect flavor complex with the cheese combinations. . . You can also buy a loaf of baked-daily bread for $5. Happily purchased a loaf and it was wonderful that night. . . It's a little pricey, but well-worth it. I'd head back in a heartbeat.
Place is always excellent, makes for a great atmosphere and of course the food is spectactular.
This place is incredible! The food is out of this world and the amosphere isreally something special for phoenix. Even the long wait can't strip a star off their perfect 5 rating for me!
Love Pizzeria!
Go during off times to avoid the wait anytime between 2-5pm pizza is amazing!!!
This place isn't just all hype...it is amazing!!! The food, service, and atmosphere is great. Went with some family and tried every pizza on the menu!!! Haha. My personal favorites are the bianco boy (I swear it used to be called that...but i think it is called the bianco verde now) and the classic margherita. All of them were delicious though, of course. . . Wish I could go more often!
I would understand the skepticism from those who might say "Really?  The 'Best Pizza in the World' is in Phoenix?"  Well, I haven't been around the world, so I can't say, but what I CAN say is that the pizza at Pizzeria Bianco is outstanding.  My brother just visited but was only here on a Sunday, and he was very upset they weren't open because he had been looking forward to returning for months!  It's usually pretty busy - you might get lucky and be seated immediately, but be prepared to wait.  I've tried four of their pizzas and they are all outstanding.  The dough is probably the best I've ever had, the combination of flavors is simple and powerful, the sausage is exquisite (made specifically for the restaurant), and the prices are outstanding for the quality of the food.  It's a place that I will treasure taking visitors, very conveniently located downtown (though parking can be tough in the small lot immediately adjacent).  Best in the world?  Possibly - certainly worth deciding for yourself!
Best Pizza I've ever had! Great food and wonderful quaint little restaraunt.
We had three pizza's - Margherita with garlic and salami, Margherita with fennel sausage, and a white Piazza Blanco.  All three were unbelievably delicious.  Our waiter was phenomenal.  He has been working at the restaurant since it first opened in 1994.  They have a small but very good wine selection and nice beers.   I have to add that we are originally from New Haven, CT where the #1 rated pizza restaurant in the US is located - Pepe's pizza, and we loved this place.  Will definitely go back.  It is very close to the ball park and looks like a great place to go before the game if you get there before the crowds.
No the pizza is actually great the service and the people are great but this is not a traditional pizza not in the American way if you want pepperoni you're out if you want mushrooming you may be out as a specialized pizza place I'm not saying don't go there because everyone should and judge for themselves on a scale from 1 to 10 for me I give it a six
I have only been here a few times, but they have some of the best pizza I have ever had. The biancoverde and the classic margherita are my favorites!
great guy...  and great pizza..  good experience all around.
I had an excellent margherita pizza here.. . I knew this place was a hit and busy all the time but luckily I happened to be in the area when it was slow and checked it out for the first time.  The seating is a little uncomfortable but the pizza was great and so were the servers. . . I thought I saw on the Yelp app that they don't do take outs but I saw people leaving with pies so I'm going to give it a try.
I would have to say that this was the singular best pizza I've ever eaten. The crust could not have been better. Wise Guy with red sauce ($1 extra).
Nothing better in AZ.  This is where I would go for my last meal.
This is the best thin crust pizza i have ever had!  Make sure you get the Weird Guy when you order! . . It is worth the 2 hours plus we stood in line waiting.
Come on, you have to ask?
On business with time to kill, I beat the lunchtime lines and headed downtown at 1130. I'm not a pizza snob, but this is a simple pizza executed perfectly: deep charred crust with a mix of chew and crispness, perfectly seasoned, rich tomato flavor, and rich cheese.
Crazy hard to get a table at this location, but it still wins my vote for best pizza ever! I wouldn't mind a few more choices because I've had everything on the menu several times now. The service and food here are consistently exceptional, which keeps me coming back time and time again!
Absolutely wonderful pizza and the prociutto was wonderful.
There are often complaints about the long wait. BUT that's what makes it such a great experience with the people you are spending your evening with. The bar next door is the perfect place to have a glass of wine and enjoy your company. We went on a Thursday night and were actually disappointed to find that there was no wait, so we went next door for some wine before our meal anyway.. . I think everyone needs to at least check this place out, if only once in your lifetime. . . Oh, yeah, the pizza.... AMAZING.
I see why this is Oprah's favorite pizza place!!!   Worth the 3 hr. wait to stand in line!!!  I am from Chi Town and thought they had the best pizza.....well, ok now, 2nd best.
My brother-in-law from the East Coast was told about this place by some pizza connoisseur friends of his several years ago. People who claimed it was the best pizza in the world, and who had traveled to Phoenix on occasion specifically for the pie. Having recently moved to AZ, but being born and bred in NY myself, I was a bit skeptical. Best Pizza ever? In Phoenix?  C'mon, anybody who knows anything knows the best pizza is greasy cheesy NY thin crust. It's something in Manhattan's water that just makes it perfect, right?. .  Well, my sister and her husband and I went for dinner after a long day of hiking in Sedona. We each ordered a different pizza so we could share and try as much as possible. I got the Rosa with salami added, sis got the classic margharita, and brother in law got the wiseguy (the one that I thought sounded the best). All of them were awesome, though I really liked the Rosa. It had the most amazing combination of rich and hearty tastes and you could tell, in all three, the ingredients were fresh and high quality. . . Verdict? Best pizza EVER? . Well...i'm admittedly biased and probably  predisposed to what i grew up with, but you could certainly do a lot worse. However, without a doubt, Pizzeria Bianco does earn . the title for Best Pizza in Phoenix.
We walked right in, expecting it to be super busy with it being labor day weekend and it was perfect!! The service was excellent to pizza was the bomb!
Best pizza in The Valley of the Sun! . Thin crunchy crust, fantastic topping choices . Nothing but good can be said...oh wait the check in hostess can be a bit snippy.
Starved, stranded, and alone in some foreign desert, Mario and Luigi saved me with mushroom pizza straight out of a fireball oven. It wasn't a mirage, it was homemade mozzarella, over a thin crust and under imported Italian toppings, delivered by the mustachioed plummer brothers incarnate themselves. My preference is crispier crust, but still one of the finest 'zas I've had outside of New York.
The pizza was excellent.  Great crust.  Must try!
I recently have purchased a Toyota Prius from automation of Tempe AZ. The services I received from the sales lady Mariya Peyrova  were 100% to my satisfaction even after the car I had wanted was sold.this saleslady had gone out of the way to make a sale to me It has turned out to be the car I wanted this included having it delivered to me as well thank you for all that has been done for me I rated here 100% professional and deserves credit where credit is do I hope that they put here in a position in new cars sales as well it would be her next move she was the only person to walk up to me and smiled the said May I help you all my questions I had asked were answered if she wasn't sure she found out in my 40+ years in prototype development in the automotive and aircraft industry this would be the one person I would go back to see and buy a car from thank you Mariya for your hard and impressive work sincerely Michael Robinson
great atmosphere...but, best of all - great pizza!!!
Nothing fancy on the interior, but great food and very nice service.
I've been to a number of pizza places in down, and this is my favorite so far! Great place great pizza!  I had the Margarita pizza and tried my friend's wiseguy also.  both were great! The restaurant is in a nice little spot in heritage square.  The place is a bit small, but I was there on a sunday afternoon so really only a 5 minute wait for a spot at the bar.  . . So my rating is based on comparing to other pizza places in town that people have recommended, this one actually meets expectations.  Look forward to going again.
LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT OF GRACIE O.. . I, Gracie O., an adult residing in Phoenix, Arizona, being of sound. mind, declare this to be my Last Will and Testament. . I revoke all wills and codicils previously.. . My dying wish is to be cremated in Pizzeria Bianco's sooty wood fire oven.. . Dalton will drive the hearse.. Dave willofficiate and say kind words about me.. Erin will wear a black veil and weep over a life taken from this earth far too soon.. The Twins will slide me into the fire on an extra large pizza paddle.. . *R*est. *I*n . *P*izza
So my trip to Phoenix didn't start out great.  I was in town for a conference awhile back, but while my flight got in on time, my bag handle broke almost immediately after I started to wheel it.  I managed to keep it together by holding it closer to the ground, and got aggravated talking to several bus drivers who couldn't tell me a damned thing about how to get to the light rail.  A lesser man might've just taken a Super Shuttle to the hotel on the outskirts of Phoenix instead--not me.  I've been to just about every single major pizzeria in the NY-metro area.  I had mapped out the route to what is supposed to be the best pizzeria on the planet--Pizzeria Bianco.  I was going to get there hell or high water.  . . So I dragged this bag onto the bus, figured out the light rail system, and then walked a couple of blocks to the pizzeria.  I was struck by how idyllic the street it's on was.  Looking at photos of the building online, it looks like a big, imposing structure.  Instead it's this little village-like area surrounded by the Phoenix science center.  I came in all beat up and the staff was gracious enough to allow me to shove my bag in the back.  I plopped down at my table ready to order (I came at lunchtime so no line).  Thank God it all was not for naught, as Pizzeria Bianco was worth the trip.  . . I decided to go with Mr. Bianco's 2 favorite pies: a marinara and a rosa.  Yes, I got 2 pies by myself: fuck you.  Marinara pies are not normally my thing but this one was exceptional.  First off, the crust was light, fluffy with some crispness, significant char from the oven and a certain "freshness" to it.  It wasn't one of those old world, rustic, converted-bread recipes that some places in NY have, but it was great in its own right.  The tomatoes used were of the highest quality, and with little spikes of oregano and crisp slivers of garlic, their flavors were brought out to the fullest.  It was as simple a pizza as you can get.  Much more complex and out-of-the-box was the rosa.  It's that same great crust topped with crumbled Arizona pistachios, pecorino romano, red onion, and rosemary.  That sounds weird, but it's fucking incredible.  One of the best single pizzas I've ever had.  Chris has called this pizza his 'the metaphor of me'; I agree to the degree that I can, as this pie is absolute artistry.  I've not had a pizza like it before or since.  Even though a few copycats have popped up, they don't come remotely close.  Then I noticed the man himself walking around, and Chris Bianco came right over to me given what I ordered.  We talked shit about Arthur Ave, the Bronx and baseball stuff for a few minutes, and we ended up talking to another table from Brooklyn.  Chris Bianco is a genuinely great guy living the American dream, and I think it's awesome that he has mad scientist hair because in a good way that's what he is!  I grab a quick picture with him, wrapped up my leftovers and ordered another pie to go (Sonny Boy, great but not as good as the other 2), but then got talked into some homemade chocolate gelato.  I am very glad that I did!  It was exceptional as well, almost a perfect melding of chocolate and extra-icy ice cream but a little more towards the chocolate side.  Considering the heat I was about to walk out into, it was the best idea ever.  . . I saw that Chris Bianco added a new Italian restaurant on top of the wine bar, sandwich shop, this pizzeria, and the others that he has opened.  Holy shit do I want to go (to all).  He's a little off the wall, but he knows what he's doing when it comes to restaurants and his passion is almost incomparable.  His story is very reminiscent of other great American success stories and proves that the American dream doesn't die so easily.  High-minded rhetoric aside, Pizzeria Bianco lived up to the hype and is worth going well out of your way for (I'd try to avoid the lines though).  If you're one of the mindless critics on here bashing this place without an actual argument or story to stand on, then fuck you.  You can see my story, and I'm sticking to it.
Absolutely worth the wait.  I have been coming here for years and the staff is fabulous.
Everything is amazing except the wait. So if you're ever in downtown at an awkward time when no on else wants to eat this is the place, atleast for me.
Do not believe the hype.  You must go there and try it yourself.  The ingredients grown by the owner an the pizza dough is the best I have ever had.  The toppings are fresh full of flavor.  May be the best pizza ever.
Service: 5/5 Friendly and accommodating. . Food: 5/5 outstanding, outstanding, outstanding pizza
One of the gems in Phoenix.
Maybe the best meal I have ever had- and I truly mean this. I thought the hyperbole about this place seemed lofty but the end product backed everything up. It was so good, I went back the following night for exactly the same meal I had the previous day because it was so damn perfect.. . Its worth noting that there is the possibility of a wait. Me and my wife got there at 6pm and we could get seated without any trouble but by the time we left an hour later, tables were all taken and people were forming a queue. That said, its well worth it, and while you wait, there is a bar next door that seems cheerful enough.. . In terms of what to order, I would recommend the Rosa, which is a red onion, parmigiano reggiano and rosemary topped pizza finished off with almonds. The addition of DEEZ NUTZ might seem something you put on random food when you're high but is infact an amazing idea that made for a first rate meal. . . Basically the pizza followed by the chocolate cake is a treat that shouldn't be enjoyed on a weekly or even monthly basis but when you need a meal to remember, go for this combination every time. This place is impossible to recommend enough. If you're in town for a Suns game, business, whatever; go to this place without delay.
I have eaten here twice: once during Pizzeria Bianco's buzziest period in 2009 and again this October.  The experiences were substantially similar and positive.  Last time, we waited for 2-3 hours before getting a seat.  This wasn't totally unpleasant as there are picnic tables outside and the opportunity to get drinks/appetizers from the bar next store.  This time we showed up and were seated right away.  . . As with last time, my favorite pizza was the biancoverde.  Both times I ordered it with prosciutto as an extra topping.  As I recall, last time they had baked the pizza without the arugula and prosciutto until it was almost done, then taken it out to add the prosciutto and arugula and cooked it for another mintue or so.  This time they reversed the order for the final two toppings, adding the arugula and then the prosciutto.  The consequence was that the arugula was under the prosciutto and stayed pretty wet.  Oh well.. . Pizzas are expensive.  $20 or so per person.
This is like sitting down for dinner with your family..  everyone is there for the food and the company.. and it's so worth it... it's like family .
While the wait to get into this place is ridiculous there is a very good reason. The pizza is amazing. They do not give you the options of putting enough stars but this is easily well worth the money and the wait.
I'm pretty sure this spot had the best pizza I've ever tasted. . I was here on business and coworkers had looked it up and they had stellar reviews. . We tried to go on numerous nights but each night the wait was longer then the last!. We finally decided on the night before we left to make our way over EARLY..... And still had to wait 40 minutes which didn't bother us a bit.... We headed next door to the wine bar and had a few drinks. . We got literally a little bit of everything. 10 pizzas and 6 apps. Each one better then the last. My favorite was the rosa pizza and there was an app that had arugula and mozzarella cheese on a skewer I think...... And that bottle of wine. :). Overall it was totally worth the wait and not really that expensive considering the party we had and what we ordered. They accommodated our 10 people the best they could. If you've ever been there you know how small it is inside. We were there for 2 hrs and spent a good chunk of change on alcohol and food.... But definitely got the "it's time to leave vibe" bc they started their peek operating dinner hours. . I'd go back.... No questions asked.
Great Pizza and a great spot!
Simple, stunning pizza is not pizza here - it's a craft of complex, simple flavors if you think you know what a great Margherita Pizza tastes like you haven't tried the Margherita Pizza here - complex and simple at the same time - sauce, cheese, crust all are amazing
Terrific! Excellent food of great quality and very unique menu. Loved the pizza with white sauce and pine nuts. Service was super friendly.
The patio was my favorite. Such a relaxing atmosphere. Service was great, my server was friendly and attentive. . Ordered The Margherita and it was so delicious. . Had the chocolate cake for dessert and the vanilla bean ice cream. Everything was so perfect. Definitely coming back! :)
Well finally trying pizza bianco Been hearing about this place for ever Let's see how it compares to my personal favorite Serious Pie in Seattle The place is small and quant we sat at the bar and started with the veg salad it was excellent with a honey mustered vinaigrette The pizza came and looked great the first bit I tried was the crust it was crisp smokey And a little burnt Heaven!  The second I got was the sauces and cheese and a little basil Outstanding this truly is a great pizza  it's pretty close but I love the crust here  the sauce a little better at serious pie So I guess its a tie ! I guess il have to try both again to determine a winner Stay Tuned !
AMAZING AND UNIQUE PIZZA!!  I have a very picky family of eaters...2, 4, and 8 years old (need Isay more?) and they devoured their pizza.  I got the most "plain" pizza I could for them, just the cheese and sauce (margarita pizza minus the fresh basil) and they LOVED it.  Now for us parents, we are a bit more adventurous and we got the Sonny boy (for my husband....salami/their version of pepperoni and olives) and one with half Rosa (rosemary, red onions, smokey crisp pistachios, with a parmesean-reggiano cheese combination) and half ???? (fennel sausage, grilled onions, and fresh mozzarella).  I have never tasted anything like these pizzas!  I'm hooked....I only wish there was one closer to our home!  It's worth the drive, though.  I happened to be down near the place while I was running some errands and I got the pizzas to go.  Typically they don't do take out orders, but since they weren't too busy yet (3:30 on a Wed.), they were willing to do it.  The staff is very friendly and the bartender who took my order was great in describing the menu to me.  I can see why this place gets so busy....it is a small, quaint like restaurant with the big open oven as the centerpiece.  It is very cool and I was able to watch them make my pizzas.  They do have some nice outdoor seating, too.  I highly recommend this pizza place!!!
I had seen this place on a food network show before I lived in the Phoenix area. It was on my list of places to check out for a while. In fact it had been so long and that I wasn't sure it would live up to the hype. It definitely did!! I've had the chance to travel in Italy and enjoy the pizza there, and this place was very reminiscent of what I had there.
Most amazing pizza you will ever bite into. Truly memorable. It's a tie between the rosa & the one with the arugula. The gnocchi at their Town & Country location is the best! The desserts there, absolutely divine!  The quality of food, service & ambience is always on point! . Love all things Bianco!
I love this place, great tasting and healthy food. I always leave feeling great.
I had heard about how good their pizza is for years, but since I live in LA, I wasn't sure when I'd get to try it. Only until recently, when my husband and I made a point of stopping here for lunch on our road trip to Tucson did we get to find out for ourselves what everyone's been talking about. First thing to know, they have a $3 valet lot, that they conveniently charge on your bill, so you don't have to worry if you don't have change on you to pay for it. Secondly, they have an outdoor patio that is dog friendly, which we took advantage of. We arrived close to 2pm on a weekday, so the lunch crowd had gone, and there was no wait for service. We ended up ordering a Rosa and a Margherita pizza. The Rosa is considered a "white" pizza since it has no tomato sauce on it. As a result, I slightly preferred the Margherita, since they use fresh tomatoes to make their sauce, which is really tasty. But the Rosa was yummy too, if you're looking to try something less traditional. . . What makes their pizza so great is that it is completely authentic to how pizza is made in Italy: fresh tomato sauce, a thin, crisp and lightly burnt crust, all baked in a wood fired oven. It may not be to everyone's liking, but if you are a pizza purest, then this place is for you!
Found this place via gallivant and was not let down!!! Any future visits to PHX to see my dad will include a visit to here!
Perfection!!! About a 30-40 min wait on a thurs night... Just went across the street to have a drink to pass the time. Started w the local greens salad and then had a half and half rosa and wise guy. Yum!!!! So happy I finally made it in :) great date night!
This is it, folks. This is THE best brick-oven pizza in the country, contest over. I now re-route and re-schedule to make sure this is on the travel agenda whenever I'm out west.
It really is a great pizza! Went early for lunch and skip the wait.
Ok had to add a quick review, amazing unique pizza started the whole gourmet rustic new age pizza craze there the best hands down no one can deny! Simple setting uncomplicated.. Always worth the wait .. come with open mind and no schedule relax in joy!   It's the Bianco experience.
Two of the best pizzas I've ever had.  Delicious light thin but puffy charred crust.  Fresh tasty oily sauce.   The marinara with mushrooms, and then a margherita with just a smattering of cheese.  The evening visit was crowded and I had to wait next door for 20 min before getting a seat.  But on Monday afternoon there were few customers and no wait.  Yes, an individual pizza with tax and tip will run you nearly $20,but it's well worth it.  Too bad Phoenix is so far.
This place is amazing! I wish they would open in Silicon Valley. I have tried the Rosa,The Margarita and my favorite in the Wise Guy. Every pizza is perfectly cooked and delicious.. Can't wait to go back.
Long lines but way worth it
Valiantly braving Saturday afternoon crowds and, the hellish seventy-degree weather that is Phoenix winter, I fought the good fight to eat here today.. It was worth all the fuss.. . My visit began at their wait-tank next door, Pizzeria Drunko (placeholder, forgot the name) where in my short two-hour wait I was able to consume five beers and a half-glass of wine, whiling away the afternoon, lusting for the highly coveted Bianco Pie.. . My reward was a platter of the brightest green and tastiest olives I've ever eaten, a salad fit for royalty, and a pizza so indescribably delicious, I simply can't find words.. . And that's when it hit me. . I was in the magic kingdom of pizza.. . I summoned the server immediately and ordered three more pies, ate one and took the remaining slices home where in the last sixteen hours, I managed to eat every last slice. . . No-one in my family is waking up to cold pizza this morning. . You hear me? . No-one!. . . PS. The margherita with prosciutto was the best, followed by the fennel, the biancoverde with red sauce, and who knows what the first one was, I inhaled that one.
