Even though this place is off the strip in M hotel and resort, for a $33 Saturday Dinner - It was all you can eat and all you can drink alcohol! Yes! All you can drink pale ale, cider, and three different wines.  In addition to this, they have a coffee bar where you can get unlimited cappuccinos, espressos, or cafe lattes with any addition of Bailey's!  mMmMmMm!  This is one of the best buffets that I have been to in Vegas!  Amazing!  . . In terms of food, they have the "World" theme of variety just like the Rio with a touch of Bellagio's and Wynn's classic buffet!  What was exceptional? They had amazing SNOW CRABS - served both warm and cold!  I also recommend their Tri-Tip steak along with their Prime Rib with their special sauce! mMmMm - Thumbs up!  All of this went super well with the bartender's "moscato" concoction of cider and splash of pink zinfandel! Thumbs up! . . In terms of dessert, I highly recommend their coconut pudding with mango and pineapple sauce topped with raspberry and blueberries! It was so good, I had three of those after my mountains of steak and snow crabs!  It also went well with my cafe lattes!  I also recommend finishing up their draft rootbeer - RootBeer Float style!  You just get the rootbeer from the beer section and take it to the dessert section!  Did I mention that this place had the best service that I ever had at a buffet?  Thumbs up all the way!
#1 Buffet in Las Vegas, hands down.. . Price: $33 post-tax. Types of food: ALL! Asian, American, Italian, and more.. Desserts: They have their own baristas making you coffee, gelato with awesome M&M toppings, and more. Absolute best dessert selection.. Alcohol: UNLIMITED Beer + Wine. How the hell can you beat that? Most other places don't give you anything.. . Overall, the food was insanely good. The crab legs were plump and juicy. The service was great, and the food selection was very large.. . A++++.. . I am going to the M Casino every time I crave buffet!
#1 Buffet in Las Vegas.. but what do I know?. . I've only been to a couple buffets, but from the locals, I hear that M is the buffet to be and of course I can't really complain. The place is DELICIOUS and unlike any other buffet I've been to. I'm from Chicago and there is not a lot of seafood buffets and if there is one, its PACKED and always running out of crab with huge lines. The M has no lines for crabs because there is so much other food to chose from as well. I can't rave enough about how delicious this place is.. . They have a little bar with home made beer, cider, and some wines, all part of the buffet price. The best part other than the crab legs at the buffet is their dessert bar. ABSOLUTELY delicious desserts with a gelato station as well with a range of flavors. . . Again, I can't say in words how delicious this buffet is. If you want to try something new and experience what a buffet SHOULD be like, go to the M buffet.
I'm a Las Vegas local and I've been to over a dozen buffets in town and this one is my favorite. I have to drive 25 miles to get there but it's worth it. Today for brunch there was no wait and the food and service was terriffic. The reviewers who said they no longer have crab legs lied. They have mounds of great tasting crab legs and even had an Asian ginger crab version. All of the seafood was great and there were many vegetarian choices as well. My guess is the tourist reviewers who don't like the M don't know anything about Las Vegas buffets. You cannot go wrong here at the M.
I've eaten at a lot of buffets in my travels all across this grand United States, but I opine that the buffet at The M is hands down the best one to date.  I'll tell you why:  I can eat my worth & wait (you read that correctly, not weight; and it's like $33 and a 40 minute wait for brunch or dinner) there.  Why?  So many reasons, but the main one is the snow crab legs.  You can get 'em on ice or steamed, and I go for the latter.  I've never waited in line for them and they never run out which is amazing since God knows people like me are stuffing ourselves like gluttons with them.  . . Let me attempt to describe the dessert bar.  I didn't actually measure the length of this section of delectable, heaven-on-earth, but I'd estimate it's at least 30 yards in length and it caters to sugar-free dessert eaters as well as the rest of us more irresponsible feeders.  They offer every conceivable kind of pie (I didn't check for rhubbard) and cake you can fathom, plus danishes, cream puffs of multiple flavors, creme brule, cakes so beautiful you *almost* feel guilty to dismantle and eat, truffles and at least 10 flavors of gellato.  Maybe you're more of a after-dinner drinks kind of person.  That's fine, too.  They have a full alcohol bar plus an espresso machine so if you'd like a Bailey's Irish Cream hot coffee, just say so (and show your ID).  . . What's your palette prefer?--Filipino, Japanese, Korean, Italian, American, others?  Don't worry; the M's got your tongue.  I'm a dangerous kind of buffet diner in that my eyes are often bigger than my stomach and so I have to really try not to waste food.  If you suffer from this same kind of temptation, try to pace yourself and do small portions each trip.  There's so much and it's so beautifully, invitingly laid out that you'll want to try it all.   . . The environment is busy, but I never feel rushed to getout.  I mean, for crying out loud, I stood in line almost an hour to get seated so I'm going to take my time.  It's not like they're going to run out of food and if they run out of something, you're probably not going to notice since there's so many choices (unless it's the crab legs, and I've yet to experience that).  There's a loudness to the place, but it's not overwhelming, and that's probably partially because of the wide openness of the eating area.  It's well lit, not too crowded for such a popular establishment, and has a chic decor, but the thing you will never forget is the food--options, presentation, and taste.  It's been about a year since I last ate there and I can't forget the food, but the decor is blurry in my recollection.  . . Forget what the Travel Channel says about the Strip's buffets; they still will pale in comparison to what The M has to offer.  I hear the rooms are nice, too.
Voted the best buffet in Vegas, so obviously we had to check it out.. . We came here the day after Christmas and the place was packed. We waited in line for about two hours before we were able to get in to the buffet. At $32.99, the buffet was definitely worth it! All alcohol is included with the buffet and they make their own wines on site as well as brew their own root beer!. . Crab legs galore and you will not be disappointed. There is a huge selection of food. Some of the stand outs are definitely the paella, osso bucco and ox tail soup. The selection of desserts is huge, and includes gelato and a coffee bar. . . The only thing I didn't like was the long wait in line. When we left, the line had actually gotten longer.
By far the Best Buffet in Vegas !!. . For the price and the quality/quantity of food, this place is well worth it, although it is a bit off the strip but sure makes up for it by serving free beer and wine !  I usually make this my last stop before heading back home on the gruesome 15 hwy back home.  Cost for lunch/brunch was $30 and the wait was about an hour. It was MLK weekend so I was expecting it. . . Warm crab legs with warm butter sauce ! Yummmm, great assortments of seafood, asian/italian section, salad bar, prime rib, and all the fried foods as well. . . Dessert bar is also great with all the favorites. And the best part is the beer/wine bar as well. . . Make sure to make a stop here on your next trip to vegas
dear studio B, you da you da best, you da you da best, the best I ever had, best I ever had!
I wish there were 8 more stars to give this place because id probably give 10 more after that. That made no sense, just like it doesn't make sense how good this place is. As my friend said, " this place is like fuuuccckken.. fuucccken.. good man.. fuck ". . I usually judge a meal with friends by how quiet the table gets. The table was dead silent with dumbfounded looks because of  the sheer deliciousness that was on our plates.. . Prime Rib? Bomb. Tri-Tip? Bomb. Sushi? Mehs. Omellete Bar? Bomb. Kalbi not from a KBBQ? Bomb. Friend Chicken? Bomb. Crab Legs? Bomb. Pot Roast Turkey Leg? BOMB. Napa Valley Salad? Bomb.   . And that was just on my first plate. In the end, going to this buffet has become a staple of any vegas trip. Tell your mother about it. . . Oh also open wine/beeer bar, thats just not fair.
As some of my fellow Yelpers have mentioned, this is one snazzy buffet.  When it came to this review however, I had a long, intense internal debate.  In the scheme of food I have eaten in my life, this buffet certainly is not going to come in win, place or show.  That being said, I felt it only fair to compare it to other buffets and thus my five star ranking.  In many ways if your looking for the best buffet in Vegas when factors like price, setting and options are considered, I might suggest this is #1 in Vegas.. . I have eaten at Studio B multiple times at all times of the day and have found the food consistent. delicious and with care put into the preparation and presentation.  On weekends, the bounty of seafood that is provided is top notch.  It includes Crab legs (both warm and cold), shrimp and a number of fish options like baked salmon and mahi-mahi.  There are also sushi rolls if you should choose to weigh down your gut with rice.  . . Meats are rep'd as well and the carving station boasts tri-tip, prime rib, chicken & turkey.  Salad, fruit and other vegetarian options looked and tasted appealing for a carnivore like me....no small feat.  . . While not a huge desert guy, the pastries and gelato here are fantastic.  Yes you heard me right....gelato!  And not just two flavors either but a full assortment ranging from pistachio to coffee.. . And then it brings me to my favorite part of the experience............free booze!!!!  For the price of all buffets, draught beer and wine is included.  I know, I know its not fancy beer (Coors Light) or wine but you can drink as much of it as you like.  And believe me when I say after your third glass of beer it really doesn't matter what type of beer is being consumed.. . Finally, one of the true underrated features of Studio B buffet is the setting.  Arranged in a circular room with the food beginning on the edges and working its way all the way into the middle, this buffet space feels inviting and fun.  Also at the very back is a large panoramic window that overlooks the entire Las Vegas Valley giving great views and a healthy dose of natural light...a rarity in the world of incandescent casinos.. . Overall Studio B buffet might not knock your socks off but simply by virtue of deciding to patronize a buffet, its clear that culinary excellence is not the most important thing.  In that vein, Studio B is your best choice...much like the 2008 presidential election.
I am so incredibly excited to write this review.  Buffets are an integral part of any Las Vegas trip, and after eating at the M Resort Buffet, I have found a new favorite.  This was actually the last meal my cohort and I had before leaving for home on a Sunday afternoon - and I gotta say, it was a blissful way to end the trip.. . I know this review won't do the place any justice, since there's tons of food that I did not even get to try.  But here's my attempt:. . I must mention that on this particular lunch excursion, the M was offering the seafood lunch, which is apparently different from the usual lunch menu.  Just something to keep in mind.  . . OXTAIL soup:  this is one of my favorite dishes of the afternoon.  Tender, tender pieces of oxtail in savory broth.  I wanted to get huge bowlfuls, but I restrained myself so I could have room for more food.  I am still craving that flavor 30 hours later.  I am seriously going to try making this dish at home, in hopes that it will be on par with the M.. . Beef Panaang: yummy with rice.  I was pleasantly surprised!. . Poke salad: I love poke, and I love trying different restaurants' versions of it.  This was pretty good, although not the best I've had, but commendable.  . . Ossobuco: This is the first time I've tried this dish.  It made me happy.  . . Chicken Florentine: wonderful, creamy flavor - and moist chicken.  . . Candied Yams:  Another one of my favorite dishes!  I usually skip over this dish at most buffets - but, well done, M, well done.. . Crabs:  There must have been at least three different type of crab legs.  Some served on ice, warm snowcrab legs, and chinese style ginger crab.  All very good.. . Raw Oysters: I just love it when a buffet serves raw oysters.  I go to town!. . There's definitely much, much more in the entree section, but you'll have to check it out for yourself.  Now onto DESSERTS!. . I usually don't care for desserts much at a buffet.  But it's a whole other story here.  CREME BRULEE!  Wow!  It's just perfectly done.  A nice crispy, caramelized sugar top, and flecks of vanilla bean throughout the body of the creme!  YUM YUM YUM!  . . They also have a wonderful cheesecake, a pretty wide selection of gelato, and even espresso drinks made to order.  All the desserts were presented beautifully as well.  I've converted to a buffet dessert lover because of this place :). . And for all your alcohol-loving yelpers, beer and wine included!!!  There's the win!
On our way home, we stopped by M Buffet for Sunday brunch. I think it was $32/lunch.. . +ginormous variety (seafood on the weekends bump up the price) . +crab legs and raw oysters (theyre big and meaty too!). +wine and beer included. +sweet potatoes and marshmallows (i love thanksgiving food any time of the year). +friendly staff. +dessert bar (take the big plate over and fill it up!) . -too many choices...don't know where to start! stomach not big enough to try everything! . -no hot chocolate machine that i saw.. :[ . +OJ on ice sufficed . . All I gotta say is "doo it. do it."
Studio b has the best buffet in vegas! We tried 2 go there the 1st time & the line wuz gonna b a 2 hour wait... We decided 2 try the next day 4 brunch. Hooray, no waiting!!! U gotta get there early. They had the most yummiest, beautiful desserts!!! The food was tasty 2!!! All u can drink beer & wine (not the best) but u cant beat that deal, if u can drink like a fish! Haha!!! This place is a must visit wen u r in vegas.
Where can you go to enjoy a wonderful selection of fresh, tasty, satisfying dishes that you can eat your fill and be sure the quality will be there every time you go? M Resort Buffet. We have been there at least a dozen times now and it has been consistent each time. . . There are many choices, all unique. Sometimes I have a hard time making it past the salads, there are so many to choose from and so very different than your usual fair at other buffets, I crave the tabouli salad! . . I love a big plate of steamed crab legs, and I usually start off with such, I love cracking the shells, pulling them apart one section at a time, dipping the meat in the clarified butter. Once I'm satisfied with this plate, I can move on to the many other stations, all just as satisfying. . . One more must have is the deserts, take a big plate and don't be shy, load it up! The creme brulee is terrific, the warm brownie cup is melt in your mouth good, and the little cups of flavor, like the pistachio raspberry mouse is wonderful. . . If you enjoy eating, love to try good food, you must stop by the M and try Studio B, believe me, you won't be disappointed.
My friends and I really enjoyed this buffet. Went during lunch (around 2pm on a Sat) and it was great. Most of the food was really good and tasty. The crab legs and other seafood were amazing. The usual buffet sushi section was good, nothing too spectacular. I'll usually make it sashimi style. Still really enjoyed it.. . Many other offerings were great. Loved the buckwheat noodles, ox tail stew, and more. Condiments were well organized. Meat section was good to, we missed the prime rib, but roast beef was still good. Mahi Mahi grilled on the bamboo stalk was ok for me, but my friends liked it. I felt it was a bit overcooked. . . There's a nice beer and wine bar as well and big dessert offerings w/ gelato! Creme brulee and the dessert shots were oh so good.. . One of my new favorite buffets in LV. Clean, well lit, the staff is friendly and attentive. They clear plates out faster than the $1 slot machines taking your money. This is well worth the wait in line.. . *Tip: Get a free M players card and lunch price is 2 for 1 (before 2:30pm). Not sure if it's everyday, but make sure to check that out. We saved some money! :). . Random: Joe Jackson (Michael Jackson's father) and a couple of his buddies sat at the table next to ours. Kinda surreal, but hey, it was a celeb. Pretty cool.
So i feel strongly enough to actually write my first review for this place. I'm not big on buffets and neither is my girl but we had heard so much that we had to try it out on our way out of Vegas. . . The resort seemed nice enough. This review is just for the food. . . First thing first....All you can drink wine and beer. So the wine wasn't the best quality but it was nice and chilled and a major bonus since I wasn't expecting it. The buffet boasted over 200 items to choose from. It was presented very nicely and the overall feel of the place felt very open and spacious. Everything we tried was flavorful and piping hot. Which was a bit of a pleasant surprise. Since it was close to Chinese New Years they had a very large Asian selection. The korean ribs were amazing as well as the orange chicken. I love ginger and they had fresh chopped ginger as a garnish. Who does that? Kudos for all the fresh condiments.. . We are not much into seafood but saw that everyone else was. Plates and plates of crab legs, oysters and mahi mahi. There was shrimp cooked in multiple ways and all kinds of sauces to dip into. . . Asian, Italian, American and everything in between there was something for everyone. And the dessert spread was amazingly good. They have over 25 flavors of gelatto and you can also have a latte or mocha made fresh! They had some pistachio raspberry concoction that was just way too good to pass up.  . . The only  negative was the wait..... but it is well worth it. We waited for about 45 minutes and there was only 4 couples ahead of us. So patience is key.
All i have to say is WOW.  This is, hands down, the BEST buffet in Vegas.  Wynn, Bellagio, Paris, Rio's seafood buffet do not even compare to this.  Another added bonus is the price!  Only $29.99 and all you can eat WARM crab legs with butter.  They have cold crab legs as well, but I prefer the warm ones.  The crab meat was juicy, but not salty.. . Other highlights from the buffet that were my faves: Candied yams w/ marshmallows, Prime rib, Japanese cold tofu salad, shrimp cocktail, and these french-fries/tater-tot things by the crab station. . . Desserts:  Pretty much every dessert I grabbed was delicious. I've never had better dessert at any of the other buffets.  The gelatto was good, but I found the miniature desserts much better:  creme brulee, pistaccio creme thing in a shotglass, tiramisu.  My fave: Oreo cream pudding in shotglass (so rich & chocolately). . . Only downside:  VERY long wait time...but once you're in, it'll be all worth it
A group of us came here for dinner last night at the suggestion of my friend. What a great dinner for my last night in Vegas before heading back to L.A. Dinner buffet was $30. Ok, this is the first buffet I've been to where it's all you can drink wine and beer. That's right you lushes, you can eat, drink and be merry all you want. Ok, maybe tone it down on the merry part if you don't want to get kicked out. This place had a HUGE buffet. Italian, Japanese, Hawaiian, Thai, BBQ... etc. And the dessert bar was amazing. Creme brulee? HELL YEAH!!! A gelato bar too. The list of food goes on and on. I didn't even get to part of the buffet because I ate too much. The restaurant is very elegant looking for a bufftet. Expect to wait in line for a while because I did. If you got a noisy kid, there's a sign that tells you to take that kid out and kick their ass. Ok maybe not in those words but you get the idea. This is the best buffet that I've been to in Vegas. The only thing that I have a gripe about is the service. It took a while for the waiters to come by to pick up the dirty dishes.
This is a must stop for us whenever we go to Vegas. The longest we've waited in line was 2 hrs on a Sunday evening, and we believe the food is definitely worth the wait. Some of our highlights.... Delicious steamed crab legs. Really tasty French toast. Good pizza. Yummy creme brulee . Delicious mango gelato. . We LOVE this place. Have never had a buffet this good anywhere.
For the price, amazing!. Great food. Loved the steamed crab, oysters, free unlimited beer and wine, desserts, prime rib, korean bbq. Would rather go here than some buffets on the strip
Studio B, you're not on the strip, but man, you're worth the drive, the wait, and every penny. It has been way too long since I have seen you. Too long since I've gorged on your plethora of desserts, meats, seafood, and wine. I miss you.
Best buffet in Vegas!  Free beer and wine with purchase! The only con, is the long line.
This is by far my favorite buffet of all time, hands down! A MUST TRY if you're in Vegas and are able to get out to Henderson.  . . We waited a crazy 2 hours in line on a Sunday night to get in to get our grub on, but it was definitely worth the wait! My tip if you go on a weekend is to get there early because it's seafood buffet and the line is intense. (We got there around 7pm and weren't seated until 9pm and they announced they ran out of crab legs at about 8 something.). . There is a wide variety of foods to choose from as well as an awesome dessert station. Another plus was that we got open bar as well - possibly only for weekends, but i'm not sure. I tried a glass of their house hard cider, which was very good. It was a light and bubbly, fruity berry cider. . . Food: . You have to try the prime rib because it was the best i've ever had!. Yummy, crispy fried butterfly shrimp. The salmon sashimi chunks were delicious.. Good spaghetti and meatballs.. . Dessert:. Yummy to the last bite, tiramisu cup. Delicious mango gelato, on a sugar cone too!. Bombdigity creme brulee!!! smooth and creamy to perfection with the perfect crunchy sugar top.
Best buffet in Las Vegas!! Unlimited Beer or wine with your meal!! =) A word of advice, go early the line gets crazy long. A wide variety of food with any cuisine you can imagine. Lotsa variety of meat and veggies. The dessert was crazy good. Espresso gelato..MmMmMm. A must visit in Vegas!! Wait staff very attentive too.
This Buffet is amazing and well hidden far from the strip of Vegas.  This is the reason why I workout so that I can pig out once in a while.  Where better than Studio B buffet located in M's hotel miles south of the strip of the 15.  . . The line can sometimes be a nuisance that can lead to a very long wait so I advice to come early or on the weekdays if your a local.  Hopefully you have an M's players card because its 2 for 1 price if you do.. . Now to the best part, the food! Snow crab legs, shrimp, roast beef, deserts, I'll even add the veggies and fruits! Everything here is pretty good well except for one thing, their roast chicken.  I like the seafood menu the most and you can never have too many oysters.  I stuff myself until I literary get sick because it's so hard to stop when you're here.
You know how when you have a favorite (fill in the blank) restaurant, that's pretty much your benchmark when trying to decide whether or not to try new eateries similar in nature?  Or is it just me?  . . Anyway, my favorite buffet for years has been the Bellagio Buffet.  Probably what made it the best was the awesome selection and the king crab legs that they served.  The last time I went there though, they didn't have king crab legs so then I really had no real strong desire to HAVE to go back there.  I mean, let's be honest.  A buffet is a buffet is a buffet.  Right?  WRONG!. . Studio B in the M Resort has ousted the title of best buffet in Vegas, in my book.  *erasing Bellagio and writing in Studio B*  First of all, the selection.  Once you enter the dining area after the line for the ends after over an hour long wait, you'll see that it looks like a maze.  But I thought to myself, "Ah, it's probably another one of those buffets that have duplicate dishes on either side, to make the line more efficient, right?  WRONG!. . Every single plate, nook, cranny of that line has a different dish.  I think what I like best about this buffet is that there's a lot of Asian themed dishes here, reminiscent of dishes that you can find in Hawaii.  Yes, I'm Asian.  (You just looked at my profile picture again just to make sure I wasn't lying, didn't you?) And yes, I'm from Hawaii.  So when there's something on the buffet line in a resort NOT located in The California Hotel or in the Main Street Station Hotel and Casino, it's actually pretty impressive.  Kal bi?  Teriyaki steak?  Wow.  If I lived in Vegas, this would definitely be a place that I would come to so I could get  my local food fix.  They also have crab legs!  OK, so it's not king crab legs.  But it was still delicious!  . . So what's the worst part of a buffet?  Having to pay for drinks when you already paid a lot for the food, right?  WRONG!  They even give you unlimited wine and beer here!  When I went, I didn't have any since I don't like to drink when I'm trying to binge eat and pretend I'm not going to eat again for a week.  But next time I go, I'm definitely going to get some alcohol to consume with my meal.. . What's the second worst part of a buffet?  Poor service, right?  WRONG!  The service here was great.  Our server ensured our iced teas were always refilled and we had all the napkins or whatever else we needed at hand.  . . If you come to Vegas, make sure you come here.  And try to come on a weekend so you get the FULL (seafood) buffet.  Don't walk...RUN!  It'll bump you up ahead of at least a few people in line, guaranteed!
The most delcious buffet in Henderson, NV.  At the M Hotel.  CRAB LEGS UNLIMITED!
My FAVORITE BUFFET IN VEGAS.  Yes, it's a drive (10 miles off the strip) but it's totally worth it.  The M hotel is amazing and the buffet definitely beats the ones on the strip.  The seafood buffet is totally worth it, cause they have CRAB LEGS.  Dungess crab legs.  both hot and cold.  and they have oysters on the half shell.  amazing.. . They also have unlimited beer and wine, but I tend to stick to the food not wanting to waste the precious food space on alcohol.  The desserts are also amazing too.  They have many different choices, including amazing macaroons, as well as the 20 different flavors of ice cream and gelato.  AND they have a coffee bar as well.. . This place is huge as well and has a huge selection of food.  So much that my bf came back to the table and i looked at his plate and said "you ran out of room halfway, didn't you?" and he nodded sheepishly.  Don't worry, I ran out of room halfway too.
This buffet may be a bit out of the way but it's so worth it! My husband and I came here a little over a week ago after I picked him up at the airport. They have lots of different food choices even on Seafood day (Sunday). I was glad because after standing in a long line I wanted my husband to find something he could eat. The Prime Rib was nice and tender. I was able to cut it with a fork. The shrimp was crispy and the sides were good. I was already eating dessert ...they have crepes ...a big plus for me! When I received a notification on my Facebook post .... ( I posted that I was eating at Studio B) ..."Try the Apple Cider Wine" . I was so full but I had to try it! I'm sorry I didn't get that post earlier because I would have loved to drink that through out the meal. It tasted like dessert . I will definitely be back !
$33 for AYCE everything + wine/beer & gelato bar?. . YES!. . I've eaten at Bellagio & Wynn and if you are on a budget, this place is DEFINITELY for you. It is comparable to both (although Bellagio is a bit better but I can't justify spending $20 more), if not better.. . The line starts early and can sometimes stand still, but be patient, it's worth it.
friday lunch ended at 2:30pm, and i kid you not, our car sped from barstow to vegas (henderson if you want to be technical), and my friends and i ran (in our heels) (.....okay just me in heels) from the entrance of the M resort to the buffet and got to the cashier at .................... 2:27pm!!! yes!! we had JUST made it in time for the lunch special for $14.99!. . first of all, the layout of this place is insane! curvy curvy, dessert station off to the side, all the main entree dishes in a grand loop that stuck itself in the middle of the dining area.. . i skipped past all the asian hot plates; being from the san gabriel valley, i'm pretty sure i've had better chow mein and sushi than what they were serving. boy oh boy did i attack everything else! mainly the carving station. although, i was reluctant to go back for seconds because the man carving my prime rib had asked me to move to vegas permanently and marry him. i guess it's a sin city thing. bright side: he gave me two thick slices of that yum cow flank!. . not being a sweet tooth myself, i skipped all that dessert stuff. but i'm with my friend that HAD tried their desserts, and when asked if it was bombskies, her eyes went wide and nodded. i'm thinking, goot thing!. . they also serve wine and beer and lattes and soda and dumpling sauce (um yes, we take shots of dumpling sauce. don't hate).. . the two things that coerced me to give studio B 5 stars instead of 4? the super cheap friday lunch and their super thick cottony napkins :)
Just came back from Vegas, and I have to say that it was an awesome weekend.  So me and a couple of buddies decide to roll to Vegas for my buddy's birthday.  Normally when I go to Vegas I make it a point to go to Hash House A Go-Go because I love their food.  Well, looks like there's a new candidate for my favorite spot to eat at when in Vegas.. . The M Resort is off the strip, but regardless of that fact, it's a beautiful hotel.  It's nice, clean, doesn't smell too much like smoke (a plus if you've ever been in a Vegas casino), and best of all....the famous M Buffet, or Studio B Buffet!  I've heard about this place before from a lot of friends, so I pretty much knew that it'd be good food, but it wasn't until I was in the line grabbing my food that the awesomeness started settling in.. . The first thing that caught my eye was the seafood.  I'm asian so I love crab legs, oysters, and muscles.  Needless to say that was the first thing that I grabbed.  They also had so much meat!  Beef, chicken, pork, fish, etc.  If it wasn't extinct, then it was probably being served...haha!  Salads, ehh...not much of a salad person, but hey they had your typical salads, pasta salads, fruit salads, etc.  Pastries were awesome, as wellas your regular kids foods like pizza, fries, chicken wings, etc.  I still get those!  The best part is....all you can DRINK beer and wine.  Yup, that's right!  Beer and wine is included in the price.  The desserts were really good too.  Everything I tried was just really good.  The gelato was pretty awesome too.  I thought I saw red velvet gelato and I almost cried tears of joy, but it turned out to be strawberry...I cried a little in the inside though...haha.  All in all, food galore!. . This place exceeded my highest expectations.  I was a bit skeptical thinking that no buffet was worth $30, when I could just go to other buffets that are like $15.  I was definitely proven wrong.  I paid $30 for a buffet that was worth every single cent.  This is a place that I'm definitely going to go to everytime I'm in Vegas.  So check it out for yourself.  It's not that far of a drive from the strip.  It's a beautiful, classy hotel with some bomb food.  Last bit of advice, go there hungry, and I mean like Calista Flockhart type hungry cause you'll definitely want your money's worth.
pleasantly surprised!. . pros:. - food! i was pretty amazed at the selection and quality. almost everything i had was really tasty! the prime rib was PERFECT! food ranged from tasty salads to hot american foods, to flavorful and spicy asian food (their green curry and pad thai was actually pretty amazing). whatever youre in the mood for, studio B has it... somewhere... if you can find it... . - free beer/wine! okay, so its not the best beer/wine selection in the world, but its FREE and its actually pretty drinkable! i didnt mind drinking the cab, and the zin was sweet and tasty too. . - price was $30/person, which i think is great considering free wine! . . cons:. - not on the strip! ... i would only suggest stopping by here on your way into vegas or on your way out. its about a 15 min drive to the strip. . - the wait. we got there around 5 and waited in line about an hour. i really felt bad for everyone who came later cause the line got even longer. . would i come here again? YES i think studio B is my new buffet!
I have been here on many occasions. There is a huge selection of food. The quality of food is great! However, lines can get very long. I would recommend going there when it opens. Also, be aware, people might be already lining up. So, do expect to wait in line for this buffet. . . I still cannot get over the dessert selections. Everything is very tasty!
The trade-off of being far away from the strip (which may be a positive to many) is that you get the best buffet in Vegas for cheap. For $15, you get a huge variety of types of food, free wine/beer, fresh coffee/dessert. And if you can win a few bucks at the tables before you go in, the meal is basically on the house.
Proof once again that the best deals to be had are off the Strip (or more accurately, on it heading out of town.)  Studio B is located in the contemporary and stylish M Resort & Casino.  Super high quality food that is almost half the price of the Bellagio or Wynn buffets.  The price of admission also includes unlimited beer and wine (granted one of the beers is PBR.)  . . Some buffets will feature multiple lines or rows which offer the same food...a mirror effect per say.  This creates an illusion of the buffet having a lot of choices when in reality, they have a lot of the same items in different locations.  They are simply trying to move people through faster.  Not the case at Studio B.  The single snaking line of food actually works well in moving the flow without jams which surprises me and you will not get any items repeating themselves on your journey. . . Don't forget about the desserts which are located away from the main buffet line and the beer & wine station that's by the entrance.  One of the top 3 buffets in town and it's the least expensive of the bunch!
If you look up BUFFET in the dictionary... you would most definitely see the words: STUDIO B BUFFET @the M Resort!!!. . Seriously! There's is just toooo much food! It's literally a WORLD in ITSELF!!! . . Their only downfall would seriously be that there's too much food... too much the stomach probably couldn't fit everything in... not even a single bite of everything!. . But if you're a fan of buffets... don't wait.... GO! GO NOW!
The treasure south of the strip.  I came here with my friends on a trip to Vegas hearing nothing but praise for Studio B, and it being heralded as the best buffet in Vegas.  My goodness, it is definitely worth the 15 minute drive south on I-15 to find out just how well Studio B lives up to its acclaims!. . The seating area is very well lit and quite accommodating.  Food is served along the walls and a peninsula juts out and sort of divides the seating area.  Quite honestly, this peninsula is where all the good stuff is.  Crab legs served both hot and cold, prime rib, shrimp for days, bacon wrapped prawns.  I basically lived at this peninsula.  They also offer a wide assortment of foods typical of most Vegas buffets, Asian cuisine featuring Chinese, Japanese, and some Korean and Thai dishes.  Of course there are the Western/European dishes as well.  But really the selling point for me is the quality of their seafood and prime rib.  The crab and shrimp taste so fresh and meat is tender and juicy.  I'm pretty sure I had 3-4 plates of just crab legs, shrimp, and prime rib.. . There is a dessert bar on the wall closest to the entrance with a wide variety of decadent treats from macarons to cakes, pies, ant chocolate bites, culminating with a gelato bar.  Everything we tried was good, but I personally didn't have too many as I was till on my protein when everyone else had moved onto desserts!. . It can be hard to convince a group (or even just one or two other people) to take a ride 10 miles south of the strip for a buffet with so many great options available on the strip itself, but I maintain that the Studio M buffet is the best buffet in Vegas and is totally worth the trip.
Best buffet by far!. Salads, meats, fish, sides, dessert, wine, beer (alcohol is no additional cost by the way).. Nice and bright, huge selections, with large video monitors on the walls. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LNGBEEelQx4zbfWnlc66cw?select=sdR1RTC_DoMW2zn_J5KzKQ) . Dinner will run you $22.99 Mon-Thurs and $29.99 Fri-Sun.. Take a walk around before you start putting food on your plate!!. Don't forget to save room for dessert! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LNGBEEelQx4zbfWnlc66cw?select=QSy9mXWtvl8Ge31qAD7wAQ). I will stop here just to eat at this buffet the next time I'm in town.
This buffet inside the eMmm hotel....delicious! How can you say no to all you can eat oysters? My favorites: spaghetti and meatballs, pork ribs, cider, oysters, crab legs, prime rib, coffee gelato, and espresso. Totally worth the $30 for dinner. The wait on Saturday night was pretty redic though. The 5 of us waited maybe 1.5 hrs?
I am not a big fan of buffets, but all I can say about this one is WOW.
Best buffet in Vegas area! I have been there for all meals and love it! Wide selection and its very clean. I love they have temp gauges where you can see it for each item. Love the dessert counter!!!
OMG BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS! to name some of my faves pad thai, sashimi salad, bamboo mahi mahi, creamed corn, all kinds of gelato and ice cream including pistachio! the sugar free cookies are delicious with a hot kahlua latte!  its all even better when you have a line pass and get treated VIP! oh yes can't forget about unlimited wine and beer! =)
This is the only reason I'd drive out to this hotel.  The buffet is the best value and quality for your buck!  I'd usually go to this buffet before or after visiting Las Vegas.  It's not too far and parking is easy.
Excellent all you can eat seafood buffet. Most of the food tasted fantastic. Their Flan and Creme Brulee was amazing. Just the right texture and sweetness. Matter of fact their whole dessert buffet was great. If you're a drinker you'll also enjoy the free alcohol (only a few choices).
I came here for dinner with a group of friends.  We really wanted to try the Seafood dinner buffet for $30 a person.  When we got there, the line was super long.  It took us at least 1.5 hour before we got seated.. . When we got seated, I noticed there was plenty of empty tables around us.  I guess Studio B prevents customers from coming in, so the buffet stations won't be crowded.. . My favorite dishes were:. 1.Oxtail soup - The oxtail meat fell off the bone, and the soup was really good.. . 2. Crab legs - The crabs was cooked perfectly, and it was easy to take out the meat with the red stick thingy.. . 3. BBQ ribs - Tender ribs. . 4. Mahi Mahi on Bamboo - the fish was crispy on the outside, and it tasted great with the salsa on top. . 5. Chocolate Souffle - my favorite dessert. . 6. Cream Puffs - bite size and fresh. . 7. Eclair - very good. . Overall, I'd definitely come back!  Everything I tried was really good.  The service was great, since the waitress kept taking away our plates and refilling our drinks.
THE GOD OF LVG BUFFET IN MY OPINION.. . must. bow. down. (specially. you. wynn. buffet).. . snow crab legs, wine/beer selection, grilled fish with mango sauce, bbq, kbbq, asianfusion, desserts.. . I feel like scoring jackpot every time I eat here :D
Best buffet in Vegas!. Nice clean place, ginormous buffet table, fancy food presentation, fast service, fresh seafood choices (cold and warm CRAB LEGS yoohoo!), a variety of intl dishes that taste authentic (other buffet dishes taste alike), unlimited wine and fancy desserts, gelato, ice cream and they even have a coffee bar.. Dueto its popularity, line can be long and waiting time can take hrs. But believe me, this buffet is definitely worth the wait.. Overall, this is a must when you visit Vegas!
I'm not a buffet fan at all.. Dont see the point in over paying for mediocre food when I don't eat THAT much.. but The M buffet made me a believer . . everything we had was great, at the very minimum mediocre some stand outs were the carne asada, the thai food!, TONS of desserts (mini lemon meringue pies!) greek domathes, the carving stations, espresso bar.. OH and beer and wine is included! . . great place to stop by on your way in or out of vegas!
Best buffet in Las Vegas? Please. This is the best buffet I have ever been to. Taps Fish House is close, but Studio B wins because of value (Taps is a steep $32.99 for Sunday brunch while Studio B is $29.99 on weekends and just $14.99 for weekday lunch). I realize I can get carried away with superlatives at times, but I was able to catch the $14.99 weekday lunch, and this might be the best value I have ever gotten from a buffet. Here are the things that stick out most in my head (mostly great, a few bad):. . Macaroni and cheese - Before you smack me in the head for getting mac and cheese at a buffet, hear me out. I normally don't. But this mac...spoke to me. On my first trip I could hear the mac call out my name, but I decided to walk past it. When I got back to the table, I asked everyone how their food was. Cindy T immediately said that the mac and cheese is RIDICULOUS. Shit. I knew right then that there was no avoiding this mac and cheese cooked with diced ham. I got a scoop of it on my next trip, and it blew my mind. BLEW MY MIND.. . Prime rib - For a lot of people, this is the main appeal of Vegas buffets. Unlimited prime rib. Many sins will be forgiven of a buffet if they can just do this one thing right. And not that they had to because they had so much other outstanding stuff, but Studio B does their prime rib MARVELOUSLY. I was absolutely stuffed by the time I got to the prime rib (I only meant to taste it), but that piece of meat was so good that the entire thing ended up in my stomach.. . Panang beef - I just recently discovered the creamy, spicy miracle that is panang beef (like a month ago recently), so when I saw this at the buffet it was like a sign from God. The panang beef is DELICIOUS. It lived up to every expectation that I had for it. The pad thai is good too, but the panang beef over steamed rice is what you want.. . Clam chowder - Another universal dish that pleases a large proportion of diners if a buffet can pull it off, and Studio B more than pulls it off. This chowder is FILLED with clams. It would've been heavenly with some tabasco sauce, but I had inhaled the bowl before a waitress could walk by.. . BBQ beef ribs - I told myself that I would only eat a few bites to save room for everything else. But after I picked it up...I couldn't seem to put it down again. I pounded that bad boy. These aren't quite "mind-blowing," but the meat is tender, well-sauced, and just really good.. . Mahi mahi with mango sauce - I was so full and dazed at this point that I was only able to eat one bite, and I barely remember how it tasted. I'm pretty sure it was delicious.. . Oxtail soup - Wasn't able to try this, and I'm devastated. Next time this will be first on my list.. . Fried chicken - Dry and bland. Don't bother.. . Madeleines - Sweet. Baby. Jesus. These things are amazing. They are PERFECTLY crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.. . Chocolate souffle - If you love chocolate, and I mean absolutely worship chocolate, you will die for these.. . Pistachio shooter - Absolutely ridiculous.. . Oreo shooter - Absolutely ridiculous.. . Gelato - Absolutely ridiculous.. . Canoli - Absolutely ridiculous.. . Oh and one last thing - open bar.
yum yum yum!!!. . with oysters and crab legs... what more could you want?  thankfully i went on a weekend, and was able to do seafood buffet!!!  i was in heaven... also loved the dessert... would definitely go back!!!!
Best quote from a fellow patron while he scooped copious amounts of fried shrimp on my friend's plate: "Might as well eat up, they're going to throw this shit away anyways." . . Depressing, but all the more reason to indulge oneself in pure gluttony.  The line took about an hour and a half to get through, which surely helped work up an appetite.  Be prepared to bring something to pass the time, like a cell phone with Angry Birds installed.  The furnishings at Studio B were definitely the loveliest I've seen in a buffet.  I wonder if anyone actually appreciates them as they're shoveling food in their mouth.  I enjoyed being able to try foods I wouldn't normally partake of such as gefilte fish and stuffed grape leaves.  Their ox-tail soup was delicious and their dessert selection was quite impressive.  Foods I enjoyed: rosemary lamb, steamed clams, spicy tuna rolls, shrimp scampi, tri-tip, kalbi, chocolate souffle, gelato, creme brulee, and carrot cake.. . Crab legs were a bit salty.  Nigiri was moderately fresh.  Considering those are the only two criticisms I have, Studio B can definitely be considered one of the top buffets Las Vegas has to offer.
By far, the BEST Buffet in Vegas, even without the seafood.  Glad to be here on a weekday since our wait on a Wednesday, still took 45 as oppose to a weekend wait. . . It took me about 4 trips to get through (or look at ) the entire buffet, not including the dessert bar. Had my fix of Prime rib and Creamed corn. Also had the fried shrimp (a bit salty), fish, sushi and Waldorf salad. Everything was good and selection was awesome. Not the typical food you'ld see at a Vegas Buffet. . . Also had a good selection of Beer and Wine, great pairing for your food to switch up from red wine w/ meat to white with fish or beer for the grease. . . Now for the DESSERT ! Saw the shooters and Canoli at Baby Cakes for $1.50 each so having an unlimited supply of the Tiramisu, Pistachio Shooters and Canoli was just awesome. The Chocolate Soufle was so ooey-gooey it was heavenly. I wasn't too fond of the cheesecake though but the Flan, the Creme Brulee, the Carrot Cake, Chocolate Mouse and Fruit Tart were to die for ! . . Our waitress was also kind enough to let us know 30 min before closing to load up again. Will definitely be back  to try the Weekend Seafood Buffet.
WOW, can a buffet be any bigger? AND it includes beer and wine?? UHH...HEAVEN!!. . LOOOVE Studio B Buffet. They have so much selection to choose from. I came for the seafood buffet during lunch with my friends and we were all just amazed. They have some pretty ethnic asian dishes and it all tasted SO good. I would definitely have to come back to try anything I haven't!
This buffet and hotel just blew my mind! Was def not expecting a hotel like this to look like Aria! And the buffet had ox tail! And the quality and taste is so good! Their desert is so good! Huge selection! And their pool is insane! Wow! Lunch is only $14.99! Crazy!
I have a love/hate relationship with all buffets, but after teetering between the two extremes, I have to say I love you Studio B! Out of all the buffets I've been to in Vegas, I have to say this one is definitely the best. It definitely beats Rio, Wynn, and Paris hands down (though I am still dying to try Wicked Spoon!) . . It's best to go on Sunday's on your way home from Vegas (I refuse to eat a buffet on Friday's or Saturday's because I NEED to fit into my dresses ;P) and the wait wasn't too long for our party of 8. I think we got there around 1pm and waited about half an hour to be seated. Price was $29.99 per person and includes wine and beer. . . Truthfully, I didn't get to try out much because I filled myself up on the Asian food alone. I'm not much of a meat or seafood eater, so I gravitated towards all the carbs. Everything was pretty good from the pad thai to fried rice to chicken teriyaki and sushi! I also tried the pizza and breakfast items (eggs, waffles, pancakes) which all tasted good too. I have to say my favorite part of their buffet was definitely the dessert bar though. There was a huuuuuge variety of desserts (more than any other buffet I've been to) and all of them were sooo amazing! Huge variety of ice cream, yogurt, and sorbet as well.. . This will definitely be my go-to buffet in town!
So after hearing that this is the best buffet vegas has to offer, I had to try it out myself. Came on a saturday night, and knew there was gonna be a long wait since there was already a very long line forming .To make a long story short, it took our party two hours to be seated!! But i must say that the wait was well worth it. Everything I ate was delish! There was a wide variety of food items to choose from. So no matter how picky you are with food, I'm certain that there's something in the menu that would satisfy your palette. Some of my faves were the mahi mahi, prime rib, orange chicken, and the beet salad. Everything was fresh and still piping hot, which is always a plus. Dessert wise, there were lots to choose from: creme brulee, molten choc cake, tiramisu, and the flan were some of my favorites. Will definitely come back to this buffet, but i think next time i will definitely avoid coming here on a holiday weekend..
My favorite buffet in Vegas! it kicked the rio outta the ball park!! Out of this world's prime rib and big selection of desserts and gelatos!!! what more can a girl ask for?!
It's all about the PRIME RIB!!  Super tender, better then Lawrys, Tam O Shanters, or any other buffet I have been to L.A. or Vegas.  I asked the server how they do it, and he said they use a steam oven.  Don't forget the Au Jus.
DEEEEEELICIOUS FOOD THERE! so awesome!! my top faves were their pad thai, mac n cheese, panang curry, tri tip, bbq ribs.. omg everything! and their unlimited dessert section; they serve gelato ice cream!! their luscious mango gelato was the best! =D loved it!
The gluttony that takes over you with the choices alone when you walk in to this place is sinful but devine.  Contradicting?  Sure.  But when its all said and done you leave here drunk and satisfied from all the free alcohol and wide variety.  My review is being written by the carnivor in me because that is all i had at studio B because when i drink i just wanna pupu on meat and they had alot of meat.  The buffet itself is quite enourmous and its probably a hundred yards long slithered like a snake starting with the bar  and ending with a pizza/meditteranian station and on the other side of the bar the dessert station.  My lady, kids and mother in law had a blast at studio B sampling everything from thier asian station, pasta station, salad station, carving station and dessert station.  Studio B is not your average buffet because of the variety they have and none of the dishes are repeated as it is at most buffets.  The reason for the five stars is the free alcohol that is included in the price which is why i decided to visit studio b before the bellagio buffet.  The last time i was in Vegas the M resort and casino was in construction so this was my first visit to studio B.  Best buffet in Vegas?? Between studio B and Bellagio i think so..      The carving station, while standing in line i started to drool, was on the top of my hit list and i hit hard so hard i thought i had gout the next morning lol.  When i stood in line for my succulent piece of prime rib i lost intrest when i saw there was a 1/4 piece left of the huge roast and it looked well done, buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut they brought out a brand new prime rib roast and i asked for a big middle cut and it was medium rare just way i like it.  Yum!  After that it was history and every piece was medium rare seasoned to perfection and you had the choice of toppings such as horseradish cream, butter, au jus, horseradish, pico de giyo, cranberry sauce, gravy and some kind of sweet sauce.  Devine!.      I also had thier turkey breast which was so so and thier tri tip roast which was good but a little chewy for my liking.  I cant comment on the flavors of anything else but i know my family liked it very much there is a lot of everything for every taste bud and preference.  The other thing i did try was thier dessert station and it was normal buffet dessert transformed in to eligance.  The also had capaccino and probably 10-15 gellato flavors.  Its hard to screw up dessert and studio B didnt dissapoint.  I know the raves about studio B is the seafood buffet but we went on a tuesday night and i believe the seafood buffet is on the weekends.  Besides im not a seafood kind of guy but i dont remember seeing any seafood except for shrimp, which i didnt have..      The all you can drink beer and wine is why this place became our first buffet destination and by the time i left i was pretty hammered lol.  They have draft beer only and three different wines.  I think the draft changes every so often but none the less its still all you can drink and thats a good sign of service in my book.  The best kept hidden secret, if at all a secret, is you can go in, while someone in your group holds your place in line, and start drinking!  The wait is a wait as it is at every buffet in Vegas but if you have a players card then you get priority so get the players card..      If you are looking to start your binge eating at a buffet i highly recommend you start at studio B and i can guarentee you wont be disappointed.  The prices for dinner M-F are 22.99 for adults and half that price for kids 3 and older while younger are free.  If you like to binge drink while in Vegas then studio B is the place to be lol. Chow doooooooooooooooooooooown!!!
This is by far the best buffet that I've been to.. . The prime rib, BBQ duck, and ribs were absolutely delicious, unlimited wine and beer are included, and the desserts are to die for (they include gelato and many flavors of macaroon). The variety of items to choose from is much greater than at any of the other buffets - they even had stir-fried crab.
Went on a Tues. evening, so unfortunately they didn't offer the seafood buffet. However, the dinner buffet (which starts at 4PM) was fantastic!! The food is incredible and tasty, unlike most other buffets that are just mainly greasy and all the food tastes the same. . You must try the lamb, I was pleasantly surprised. The red thai seafood curry is very spicy. I love that they include beer and wine in your dinner, and they also serve cappuccinos and lattes in the deser area. You can even ask them for flavored syrup or a shot of alcohol in your gourmet coffee. Make sure you make room for dessert, their merengues are wonderful and the cream puffs are some of the best I've had.. Must try: tomato bisque soup, mozzarella and tomato, stuffed grape leaves, seafood combo, kbbq, lamb, tri tip.. Pass: sushi (the rice was a bit dry), mashed potato, fried chicken..pretty much anything that you can get for cheap elsewhere.. My usual strategy for buffets: skip the unneccessary carbs (rice, pasta, potatoes, bread) to make room for the foods you only get to eat once in a while.
So much variety of food here, you wont know what to choose!. Heres a favor: Sweet Potato Mash. Cheese Tortellini. Mac and Cheese. . Can't go wrong with those! (Keep an eye out at what meats the chefs are cutting for you). . Don't forget to save room for dessert! . Amaretto coffee(!), Assorted Gelatos, mousse shots. . . $25 AYCE with beer and wine is too good.
The first I time arrived in Vegas. I love buffets. I would go every week, trying every single buffet in town. But that was like 8 years ago. After trying all the different buffet in town, I'm really tired of it already. It's always the same thing again and again. . . I personally prefer going to Studio B for weekdays lunch, since the major difference between lunch and dinner/weekend  is the oysters and crab legs. I don't think it's worth the extra money for that. . Studio B Buffet has relieved my appetite of loving back the buffet I used to love. It's like meeting your first love again. . . Studio B Buffet has varieties of food menu like all other popular buffets in town, so what makes Studio B Buffet stands out among best of the best?. . 1. Unlimited red wine, white wine, and beer. That's definitely a good first impression to everybody. But it won't matter if the alcohol tastes horrible. As a huge wine and beer drinker myself, I can tell you that those are a pretty good wine and beer. . . 2. Don't care too much about alcohol? Fine, get yourself a fresh made cappucino, latte or even espresso! . . 3. Deserts. Most of other buffet has many varieties of desert as well. But few of them took the time to make their desert like Studio B. The desert that Studio B offer, is the same quality that I would pay from a bake shop. In fact, theirs taste better than most of local store in town. And what's best is, all of their deserts are offered in a bite size plate. So you get to try as many as deserts you can before you get too full. 10 flavors of gelato, flan, creme brulee, cheesecake, chocolate souffle, coconut macaroons, crepes and so many more.. . There are so many good food that I can't even remember anymore what I ate. I just remembered that their oxtail soup is sooo good. The meat are so tender. I don't know why they didn't put it next to all of the other soup.  It was placed next to the ribs I think. Correct me if I'm wrong. . . Overall, it was really a good experience. No matter what kind of cuisine you like, I'm sure you'll find yourself something you'll like. . Well, except if you're vegetarian. I don't think it's a smart idea to go to any buffet for vegetarian, unless it's an indian restaurant.
By far THE BEST BUFFET in VEGAS!!! although the wait can be a lil cray cray, it is definitely worth the wait.  The quality of food is good, not to mention they serve steamed crab legs!!!. . For $30 all you can drink wine/beer is also a plus! Their dessert selection is amazing and they also have gelato!
I've tried many buffets but this one is very good. I'd say the very best in Vegas! The beer/wine selection is limited but the food quality keeps my attention! I do miss the seafood bisque they used to offer....
So before yesterday,*happy birthday me* the buffet at Bellagio was my #1. gourmet night had everything.... Studio B was dinner tonight and let me say that free unlimited wine, beer, and cappuccinos= happiness bliss. Seafood night to boot. I been craving seafood all week, and finally got my fill. Steamed clams and snow crab, baked mussels, lobster bisque,miso soup, cioppino. Holy mother... . They now share rank 1 with bellagio.
Heard about this place from a friend's recommendation. First place I went to when I arrived to Vegas, since it's about 15-20 minutes away from the strip. Studio B is located inside the M Resort (nice place for an off-strip hotel) and it usually gets packed since it's a buffet. I thought we had to wait for long hours, so we gave them an hour or else we would find someplace else to eat. Thank goodness we were seated at the hour mark because I really wanted to try this place out, especially on Seafood dinner weekend! Seafood dinner costs about $32 for adult, half price for kids of certain age, and free for ages 4 and under. . . Studio B offers a wide variety of food such as sushi, Chinese, Italian, Soup and Salad bar, SEAFOOD, steak, and dessert (Gelato, Macaroons, Crepes, etc). I'm sure I forgot to mention some more, but the food was incredibly delicious. Clam chowder was so good my family went for seconds! We made our money's worth on indulging the seafood with the crab legs. Compared to other resort buffets, Studio B doesn't have pre-sliced crab legs. Instead, they give you tools and if you ask the waiter, they'll be happy to show you how to open up the crab legs because we had no idea on how to use it.. . I also forgot to mention... free wine/beer! It's a major plus for those who prefers alcohol at no cost. So make some time to try out this place, but I did warn you on the possible wait time from the crowd! I'm feeling hungry after yelping this place... :(
great selection!
I gotta admit that this is the best buffet I have ever tried. I make it a point to eat here everytime I go to Vegas. It's about 10-15 miles away from the strip but its totally worth it. I just went back there this past weekend and took a friend with me who's never tried it. He said they had the best prime rib he's ever tried. We were using a butter knife to cut the slice of meat. They also serve bottomless beer and wine. What more can you ask for? Quality food and drinks. Crab legs and prime rib for the win! I can't wait to go back there!
AMAZING...best dessert bar I have ever seen. Studio B is a hidden treasure, although a bit far from the strip, but so WORTH IT. . . Food selection is amazing, starting with breakfast all the way to dinner. The TASTE and QUALITY of the food is phenomenal!. . The buffet is loaded with VARIETY. I was very surprised and excited that beer and wine is included. Their M Resort Berry Cider is delicious!. . It can be pretty packed for dinner and there might be a line but I would camp out there, that's how good it is. My mouth waters at the simple rememberance.. . Gelatos are delicious, their mashpotatoes are super creamy and buttery, kahlua pork and cabbage tastes better than the one I had in Hawaii. Prime rib and carne  asada, please load up on those! . . Make sure you make room for desserts because you will walk back to your table with at least 5 different kinds!. . I truely recommend this place. A++++++
Best Brunch Buffet in Vegas! Great food, great selection, I loved that you had more than bite sized treats as a dessert option. Friendly staff. Will definitely be back!
this is hands down the best buffet i've ever been to.
The prime rib was tender and delicious. The crab legs were fresh and tasty. Stick with the those and you will not be disappointed. I only wish I saw the prime rib earlier. By the time I got to it I was nearly full from eating everything else. Lol.. . I was amazed by the sheer variety so rest assured you will find something that to satisfy your palate. The buffet is complimented by its unlimited beer and wine so thats always a plus. Do save room for dessert. I recommend the creme brulee and the pistachio and oreo shooters. Sugary goodness indeed. Don't forget that you can get a fresh made latte, cappuccino, or espresso drink to wash down your desserts with.. . This buffet is a bit far from the Strip but definitely worth the trip.
Best Buffet that my hubby and I have been to!!! It's definitely our top pick!! OXTAIL SOUP is awesomeeeeeeee!! Cant wait to go back to Vegas!!
Epic. Everything from the prime rib to the Asian fare was fantastic. Even the watermelon and the cantaloupe were nice and ripe, something which I find most buffets of any caliber fail to serve. . . All you can eat creme brulee.. how can you beat that? I seriously had to force myself to limit the creme brulee portions, otherwise my heart would suffer a diabetic explosion. LOL. . Prime rib, I'm coming back for you.. . Tip: Try to come at an off hour, like between lunch and dinner at around 3ish.. We were fortunate enough not to wait in any line. It's WELL worth the wait, nonetheless.
I'm gonna have to say, it's one of the best buffets out in Vegas!  I've been to Wynn, Rio, etc.... and for $32, it's worth it.  Excellent quality and vast selection.  And OMG, check out the dessert bar!  Creme Brulee, Gelato, Crepes, Souffle and much more!  . Only drawback is that it's a ways out there and just like any other high end buffet, expect to wait about an hour.  It's all worth the drive and wait!
I came here on a Wednesday night with my family. We didn't know this at the time but adults over 50 of age eat for free with the purchase of another adult. Our family of 4 ate for the price of 2, which is an awesome deal, especially since the buffet is reasonably priced to begin with.. . The selection of food is great. There is literally everything: Chinese, Korean, Japanese, American, Mexican, Italian, etc. Everything tasted great too. I really liked the galbi (Korean marinated short ribs). They also have a great variety of desserts. There is so much to eat at this place! . . Definitely one of the best buffets that Vegas has to offer.
Crab Legs, dessert station. Unlimited wine serving... . Can you say best buffet in town??...i think so...
Still my favorite buffet in town. Even though there is a long wait...even at lunch I stll love this place. We had a big group and our server did a great job. The food was excellent & the Hard Cider was delish! You just can't go wrong with this place when you need your buffet fix.
Compared to all the buffet i have ate at vegas this is by-far the best one. i always go there for thier buffet when ever i plan a trip to vegas. They had prime rib that i can cut with a fork, which mean very very tender YUM! and they have on food channel which is a plus :)... thier asian cusine is pretty decent and the chicken noodles soup was delicious. Thier buffet can be compare to the spice market in planet hollywood but better. i don't drink but they also have  unlimited wine and beer. the dessert bar has many variety of sweets you can choose from, and next to the dessert bar there is a barista which u can have coffee with your dessert extra plus!!!. . Improvements: there a two major thing that a problem. One, the buffet is very far from the strip ( for those who plans a trip  to the buffet by taxi it about 40-50 dallors from the strip). i do not think the M hotel would want to move thier hotel, but then again thats what makes M so special IT OFF THE STRIP. Second i have notice that the hotel is trying to save money, HOW? you ask...as a former sushi chef, having pre-made sushi on a sheet pan then placed on the buffet line is very disrespectful to the chefs and japanese culture. if it was sushi rolls that would be fine, but nigri sushi pre-made not cool.. . Minor issues that i have is that the buffet is either to dim or too bright, my friends and i kept falling asleep while eating. also the wait is way to long, my friend and i waited almost 2 hours, if it was 1 it would have been fine becuase we had 10 people. after having been seated i have notice that there was a  lot of open tables. the service was very slow not becuase of our server but i think they were understaff ( which goes back to cutting cost).. . Would i go back? YES!
WOW.  This buffet is what Las Vegas Strip Buffets used to be like (The list includes the best of the best: Wynn, Bellagio, Rio, Etc). . There are 3 main things I judge a las vegas buffet by.  Freshness of the crab legs.  Freshness of the oysters. and quality of the prime rib.. . First.. . Freshest Crab Legs You'll find anywhere at any Las Vegas Buffets - I was so incredibly impressed by how fresh these were.  They had both cold and hot steamed crab legs.  No salty, dingy looking, bottom of the barrel sort of crab here.  Everything comes out looking good and fresh.. . Next.  Oysters.  No gigantic hormone infused looking oysters here.  No salty fish flavors. Just pure oyster flavor with a "touch" of the sea.  Very fresh and very delicious.. . Last.  Prime Rib.  Quality was very good, cooked very perfectly.  A nice medium rare that was all the way through without the ends being dried out.. . Everything else is just "gravy" - I never usually eat more than 1 or 2 pieces of dessert at any other buffet.  including the Wynn or Bellagio.  They are alright, but nothing spectacular.  This place has some really really good desserts to suit every taste.  I had two plates full....  AND to top it off I got a freshly made cappuccino from the barista after I was done.. . The view in the back is amazing.  A nice skyline view of the vegas strip,  How many buffets have windows??  This is a very different type of hotel and a different type of buffet.  I wish it were closer to the strip.  but then again, maybe a break from the strip is what makes it so good.  They even had $5 black jack tables in the casino..... . Since I was on my way out of Vegas, I didn't partake in the AYCD option, but I was very surprised that they included this in the price of the meal.  A very very good value.. . The best vegas buffet hands down.
.., This is definately a must in everyone's buffet sex life. Word of mouth spread across our group that the M resort had I believe 2010's best buffet in Vegas. . . That was enough for my gf Diane & I to dive in. We were celebrating her brother Michael's birthday for the 4th of July. Her family had already been here a few times already & had waited up to 2 hrs. to get in. . . Given it being a weekday, especially a day after a major holiday. We expected the line to be shorter than usual. It was only $13 per person, so I really suggest you hit this on a weekday. The line moved fast so we were seated within a half hr. . . The set up in the place is awesome! Swanky, hip, & sexy, whoever did the decor @ Studio B, I applaud you. I can't even properly explain how to describe the set up because I'm not a fashionable architectural guru. But I will promise you that you will like it. Modern but cozy, with about a hundred or so tv's that work in unisen to make a huge screen up on top of one side of the buffet. . . The buffet itself has an ecclectic variety of food. From Pad Thai to meat loaf, carne asada & sushi. . . Here's what I had:. . scrambled eggs- awesome!. tons of bacon- awesome!. bbq ribs- tasty, but not mind blowing. chile verde-  was ok. meatloaf-  was ok. korean bbq ribs- my favorite thing from the buffet, superb, great flavor!. pineapples, cantelope, honey dew - all fresh & tasty. macaroni salad- tasty. breakfast sausage- very tasty. pizza bread- tasty. peach w/ cottage cheese- was ok. . The dessert was what really put everything over the top. I would have given this place a 4 star review, but yeah those desserts were amazing. . I had:. . cannolis-delicious. ecclairs-delicious. pistachio gelato- delicious. raspberry crepes- delicious. flan- delicious. cream puffs- delicious. . They even had free beer on tap. I left here feeling really really satisfied. Especially hearing David Bowie's "Ziggy Stardust" while I was in line @ the dessert section. That totally gave them "cool points" from me. Bowie @ buffets? Haha alright alright, what else do you have? Check this place out, I'm sure you'll find something worth coming back to.
All other buffets pale in comparison!  Having been to Vegas 14 times and have tried every buffet ..this is the absolute best! I used to swear by the Rio as being #1 ..no more! Sure it may be bigger ..but quality here is 2nd to none..everything tastes as good as it looks! Even the desserts!  The flavors all explode in your mouth! Also draft beer ..wines ..and a killer house cider as well as desert liquor coffees are all included!  Well worth the drive from the strip!
oh my, as a las vegas ex-local and regular visitor (2 vacation homes here), i've been around vegas a few times. and this is by far the best buffet i've ever had.. ever. everything is delicious and fresh, and well worth the amazingly cheap price. the line was short when i last went, but we still ended up waiting quite a while (about an hour) due to the switch between lunch and dinner i believe.. . a bit far from everything else in vegas, but when you need to get away and eat something amazing (and a lot of it), this is the place to go.
must try on the way in or out of vegas.. good AYCE .. wide verity and its AYCD too ..
By far best buffet I've ever had!. It was the biggest selection I've seen in Vegas.  . . I really enjoyed the prime rib and the DESSERTS!! . . On a Tuesday lunch is only $15! . (I would probably pay $15 just the eat the desserts there...haha). Unlimited wine! . . The wait does take a while though...we waited about 40 min.. But WORTH it!
Simply put, this is the best buffet in Vegas and definitely the best price for such a fare!  The service has consistently been good each time I've gone and the food is always impressive.  I can never eat all the dishes that I really want as I get full and still need to leave room for dessert...gelato is simply to die for along with the gourmet coffee there.  When you go there, don't load up the plate too early on in the buffet line.  They have Italian, American, Seafood, Carved meat, Sushi, and then the Asian stuff.  Last time I went, I finally got a good mix of curries with rice and it was such an adventure for my taste buds with red, green, and yellow curries blending together on my plate.  Must try for those that haven't and don't let the line or wait prevent you from going as it's definitely worth it.  For those that have gone before, I know you are the ones causing the lines to be longer!
Hands down, the BEST buffet in Las Vegas.  The best food, the best desserts, the best price.  Unlimited beer and wine for lunch and dinner.  AMAZING gelato.  And a barista!  Try it and you will fall in love...
I normally question when people advertise things as the "world's best" or "voted best by" or "best in vegas". . But I can see why this is known as the best buffet in Las Vegas. . . The selection is awesome, the price is not gouging, and it's all fresh and g-double-o-d with me.
I was planning on giving this buffet 4 stars because of location, but dammit I'm willing to make an exception. I consider Bellagio's buffet to be my favorite premium buffet, but this buffet makes every previous mentioning of 'my favorite buffet in Vegas' null and void, except for Bellagio's. . . Some buffets in Vegas make a genuine effort for quality food, and studio B does a great job of doing so, and in return, provides very reasonable dishes. I've been here quite a few times already, and my go to favorites are at the carving station, which usually has tri tip, roasted chicken cut up right in front of you, mahi mahi served on half a bamboo pole, as well as roasted turkey. Their sushi isn't all that bad either for a buffet like this, especially when they bust out segments of rainbow rolls. . . The variety is almost up there with Rio's, with your typical Asian (Chinese, Korean, Japanese, even Thai!), Italian, American, and Mexican food. Their desserts are in a separate section of the buffet, but they offer a good selection of gelato. Personal favorites are the banana and nougat. . . Another reason why I'm giving this 5 stars? Alcohol comes with the buffet!!! Last I remember they served PBR, bud light, and their own custom brew. They also offer wine if beer isn't your thing. . . Expect there to be a wait to get in, especially during lunch and dinner peak hours. I recall spending over an hour waiting for lunch, all while the prices have gradually gone up every time I've been in town. It's not necessarily a bad thing because their prices are still cheaper compared to a subpar buffet on the strip. Expect to drop around $15 for lunch and a little under $25 for dinner on the weekdays. Can't wait to come back here though!
best buffet so far and it's not even situated at the strip. the M resort looks dope it reminds me of the Aria. it's nice to be away from the strip once in awhile. we came in on a slow Sunday around 3pm and got the Seafood Buffet which cost $30, now i'm not much of a seafood eater since i'm allergic to anything that has shell in it -__- all i was able to eat was fish..no crab legs for me and that's what's the bread and butter for this place. they have endless beer and wine so you can get hammered while downing on a variety food from ribs, tri-tip, pasta, pizza and bread. they got great selection on their desserts too. will be going to this buffet from now on i'm in Vegas, definitely worth it
Friday- Sunday this place has the regular buffet food plus some seafood. The snow crabs come hot and cold, but I prefer the hot one because it just tastes better to me. They have so much meat in it! It is soo good. I don't really like oysters but they have raw oysters for you to eat. The sushi was not good at all. It had some weird texture.. . The tri tip and sirloin was SOO BOMB! They had it in medium, which is my favorite! It was soo good!!!! Their bbq ribs were also very very good, it was actually my favorite. . . I also got their pad thai in the asian section. OMG the best pad thai I've had ANYWHERE.. . Their soups are also AMAZING. I love their clam chowder and chicken noodle soup. The flavors are so deep and rich. It was VERY VERY good.. . Other than the food, all you can drink beer/wine! They dont have champagne but they do have cider and it was SOOO GOOOD!!! I wish I drank more.. . The dessert was the perfect ending to my meal. They have their own gelato bar and I got the mango gelato and it was soo good. The flavor was deep, the texture was soo smooth. The creme brulee was crispy on the top and very smooth and milky below the top. I also really liked their panna cotta. OMG the top layer with the peach wad the perfect sweetness to the cream underneath. I fell in love with this :) Those three were my favorite desserts and were the best desserts I have had ever. I am for sure going to be back!
Favorite Buffet in Vegas to date! But I guess it's everyone favorite buffet too wait could be as long as 2-3 hours on the weekend =/. We waited in line  for their Sunday Seafood Buffet around 3pm for about 1 hour. When we left the line was even longer! The buffet was delicious so much selection and for $31 it includes all you can drink beer and wine. Some of my favorite dishes were Prime Rib, Tri Tip, Kalbi ,  Oysters, Snow Crabs, Shrimp, Pai Thai, Beef Curry, flan, and ice cream!. Some of my not so favorite dishes were the sushi, osso buco , mahi mahi, and the chicken. Totally worth the 20 minute drive from the strip... not to mention the hotel is really pretty looking!
This is one of my new favorite buffet in Vegas even though it's away from the actual strip. It's the first hotel you see coming to Vegas as the M Resort. There buffet is really good. They offer unlimited wine and beer as well so that's a plus. They have many selections on seafood such as fresh king crab legs to fresh oysters. They have a mini bar and a dessert aisle as well. From Asian to mexican to American cuisine. It's all there. Great and friendly services. . . P.S. Come during late lunch hours so then you don't have to pay for dinner :) saves you $$
It's been a long time since I've been to Vegas - and wow its changed a LOT! . . This Buffet is just awesome - Lunch was $15 and there was a lot of food to choose from, this buffet even includes beer & wine & has an expresso bar. Talk about fancy smancy - all at a decent price too.. . The only thing is this resort is way off the strip.
THE MOST WORTH IT BUFFET!! aside from bellagio, this place is very good and worth it. very wide selection of food and theres free unlimited beer/wine! i loved the prime rib and tri tip. excellent au jus to go with the meat. . . for seafood, i loved the muscles with this orange mayonnaise sauce on top. it was bombbb. i also liked the baked mahi mahi. it was very crusty and flavorful. sushi wasnt that great though. . . all in all, this was very good! came around 5:45PM and ended up getting in at 7PM on a saturday night. dinner was $31.99
One of the best buffets in Vegas. I go specifically for the seafood brunch on the weekend. Crab legs, breakfast food, and unlimited wine and beer? Doesn't get much better than that. Besides the unlimited drinks pretty much standard buffet fair (prime rib, soup, pizza, salad bar, etc..) but there are a few things that set this place apart. Made to order coffee and espresso? What's better than a good caramel macchiato after you've stuffed yourself with crab and beer? Not a whole lot. Their dessert selections are unique too. They have crepes, gelato, creme brulee, and cute little layered dessert cups. Expect to wait if you're there during peak hours. If you have thought about trying this buffet, but don't want to make the trek halfway to state line pull a Nike and just do it. Worth every penny and every mile you have to travel.
This is my first time dinning at Studio B. After browsed other Yelps' reviews, I decided to give it a try. This is a brand new resort and everything, including decors, is fresh and exciting. I love the layout of the restaurant. Service is exceptional, although I my table was busted out as I was waiting in the long line at the desert bar.
LOVE this buffet. Have made it a priority to stop in here my last 3 Vegas trips because I was that satisfied. I came once before summer season and the Sunday Seafood Brunch was $28. Came again in mid-July and the price came out to $34. They have everything that I would want at a Vegas buffet. Prime rib and crab legs are my fav! It's pretty hard to get to all the stations before tapping out. You'd have to get really small portions, but how can you resist?! Everything is so good!!! They even have sushi and sashimi salad! Any place that serves all you can eat sashimi salad is awesome! Also, my sweet tooth is IN LOVE with the dessert buffet. So many options and...gelato!!! They also have all you can drink beer and wine. Since I usually come on Sundays I'm done partying and pass on the alcohol. But if you're down for some unlimited drinking AND eating buffet this is the place to go. During the busy season be careful for the long lines; usually during noon and 6 pm. Waiting is all worth it though. Studio B Buffet at the M Resort is my absolute favorite buffet spot in Vegas.
All you can drink wine and beer!. . As if that's not enough to direct your feet towards Studio B Buffet in M Resort, the $14.99 Lunch price adds to the already long list of reasons why you must try this place at least once if you're heading to Vegas.. . The food is exquisite for buffet food standards.  Cuisine from Thailand to Greece are represented well in this United Nations of good food.  For those that like to eat rabbit food-ahem, I mean healthy-you'll find enough salad variety to satiate your healthy appetite.  For those that prefer carbs, protein, and general greasiness, you'll be happy too. If you're like me, on both sides of the fence, stop thinking and go eat already!. . The atmosphere promotes relaxation.  The spacious, high ceiling dining room presents itself like what your appetite should be like when you're here: huge.  The colors remind me of autumn, but that's what get's you to eat; warm colors like red and orange that fast food restaurants swear by, additionally, spreads warmth and a carefree attitude that is further encouraged by the unlimited wine and beer.  The desserts, oh the desserts!  I'll let you find out for yourself, but I must say, I try all the ice cream flavors just for kicks.. . I always get the rose wine but I recently tried the cider: it's crisp, refreshing, not too sweet, and perfect!  . . Studio B is and will always be my first stop on the way to the strip.
I rarely give out five stars, but if you check my "last meal on earth" according to my yelp profile, then you'll get why! Mmmm buffet, seafood that is!!!. . I've been here a couple of times with my family (meaning I'm a starving student) and although it's far from the strip, it's worth the drive. Plus, I love how the hotel smells (front desk)... It smells so new and there's some perfume they probably use to keep it smelling sweet and fresh. Anyways, back to the food, only been here for dinner. There's plenty to choose from: I love the shrimp scampi, crab legs, sushi, whatever dish they come up with that has seafood in it. I also love their deserts, you can choose from different types of cakes, macaroons, tarts, crepes, to gelato. And did I tell you there's wine and beer, I went to the bar twice I think. This is probably my go to buffet place every time I visit Vegas...
All time fav casino buffet, best food best variety, endless drinks, always packed. The long lines are the only bad thing. Panda win.
I was never really into oysters until a friend insisted I try it with horseradish. And I did .. soo good. And we were eating with a friend and he made it look so good with lemon and tapatio. And it was. So I like oysters now apparently. Hah. The prime rib here was amazing. I can go on! So here's what I remember having yesterday;. . Oysters. King Crab Legs. Osso Buco [it's bone marrow is even better than the meat]. Pad Thai. Ox Tail Soup. Chicken Florentine. Mahi Mahi on Bamboo
15 dollar lunch that includes chinese style ginger and onion dungeness crab, prime rib, and all you can drink wine, beer, and cider.  OMG, are you effin kidding me?  Did these guys fail business school?  It's located right when you go into Vegas....so hit it up going in and out of thetown.
Probably the best buffet in Nevada.  Excellent selection to satisfy anyone's taste.  It' taste even better if your meal is comped.  M Resort is a great place to eat, play and stay.  . . If you're a member of their players club you get seated faster and have VIP Seating.
This is by far the best value in buffets in the vegas area.. Have been asked repeatedly by a friend if I had tried the Buffet @ The M Casino and finally decided to give it a try.. Went at 2:15 in the afternoon on a thursday and waited an hour to get in.. If you know me you might know that I am slightly impatient.  Well standing in line speaking with a few locals eased the pain of the wait.. Well worth the wait, Never was able to get to the opposite end because I was so full of the great food selection.. I never even made it to the desert bar (just amazing looking), Way to full .. Just another note, Beer & Wine included in lunch & dinner buffets.. 2 Thumbs up from this foodie !. . Also ran into Michael Jackson's dad Joe here.
I arrived on a Friday afternoon at 12.25pm and I stood in line for 5 minutes.  After paying the cashier I waited an additional 3 minutes to be seated.  I couldn't believe my luck.. . The food overall was excellent.. . The restaurant was about 65% occupied.. . The food stations were clean, the food was colorful and the food options were endless.  There is something here even for the fussiest of diners.  Plenty of seafood dishes to choose from.  The dessert selection is outstanding.. . My waitress was friendly and attentive and checked on me four times.  As did the neighboring waitress who checked on me twice.. . I have read negative reviews about the staff, but on this occasion they were all excellent.. . For those who like cappuccino's, beer and wine included in the price, you can't beat the price. . . This is one of the best lunch buffets in town and I will definitely be returning.
Great service! They made something by request n  delivered it to my table.
You can't go to vegas without stopping by the Studio B at the M.  $20 bucks for all you can eat seafood on weekends!  Great variety of food, clean, good service, and best of all unlimited beer and wine.  They also have a great assortment of desserts.  Easily one of the best buffets in vegas.. and I've been to them all.
This casino is outside the strip, about a 10 minute drive, so it's not a bad drive.  This place is super popular even though it is a little out of the way, there's always a line.  . . They are known for  their "seafood" buffet on the weekends and I'm not sure if it's at night as well.  On seafood weekends they have fresh raw oysters, shrimp cocktail, crab legs ( I'm not sure if its king or snow ), cooked clams, and some other seafood dishes.  Then they have different cuisines like Greek, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Spanish and even Hawaiian.  It's a pretty long snake like buffet line with craving areas too, on the weekends and for dinner they have prime rib - yum!. There's also free wine, beer, lattes and espresso (please remember to tip!) and they have a gelato and sorbetto station which is awesome!  For the ice cream or cappuccinos, please remember to stand on the dessert line, it's rude to cut.  . . My favorites from this place are their baked ziti, clam dish, prime rib with sweet potatoes and mashed potatoes and string beans, spicy tuna rolls, oxtail dish, shrimp cocktails, the warm snow crabs (they also have the chilled ones and I feel like they are super salty), cream brulee, flan, chocolate chip cookies (they bake it fresh!) and the gelato.  It's nice to be able to get a fresh cup of cappuccino to go with my dessert too, so that's a huge plus!. . If you sign up for their players card and gamble a little, they send you flyers for buy one get one free for the buffet which we always take advantage of. . This in my mind has topped Bellgio's buffet.
Despite the 2-hour wait (yay, Friday evenings), I am giving this place five stars. I had a crabload of crab to make the best of the $33.99, and the warm crab is so much better than the frozen cra(p) at many buffets. Even having to crack open the crab yourself isn't a problem, and it could be an advantage if you wanna slow down your pace.. . I have no idea why the Yelp reviews that I read didn't mention the strange utensil that they provide to crack the crab, but yeah... it's actually pretty cool once you figure out that you have to find the soft parts of the shells (crack toward the wide sides, not the hard corners). Oh, and make sure the pointy end goes in.. . More importantly.. . rum raisin gelato! Most of the other flavors that I tried were great (mango, chocolate chip, strawberry, peanut butter), but rum raisin has always been my favorite. The stuff at this buffet has like 5x the raisins as Haagen Dazs. Heck, pretty much all of the gelato here is way better than any ice cream and most desserts at Vegas buffets. I just wish I had a chance to try the coffee flavor before it ran out, but I guess I'll live... or come back.. . Wine was decent and beer was fine according to tablemates. Orange juice was way too sweet, so ask them to give you half a glass or something so you can pour your drinking water into it until it's no longer orange sugar water. I enjoy sweet things, but not like this.... . Other things to try: roast beef tri-tip (pink-er = tender-er), korean BBQ (flavor might be smeared on but texture is good), osso bucco (broken-down marrow and cartilage somehow are awesome). . Stuff to skip: sushi (looks like crap compared to real sushi buffets), anything starchy (too filling), anything you'd find at a fast food place (pizza, fries, much of the Asian area... looking at you) . . Finally, please go earlier than I did.
For lunch buffets based on quality, price and selection this is the best I've tasted.. . I was a bit pissed waiting almost an hour to get in, but when it was our turn I understood why. Let me give you some tips when you encounter a buffet like this.... . Don't be stupid and get things you can get anywhere: chinese food, pizza, fried chicken, pasta, etc. That is what they want you to do. A real player knows to get the seafood, meats and other exotic things that set a buffet apart. There are places to get the "normal" foods I mentioned before...it's call hometown buffet, look it up. . . I thought the prime rib stood out and honestly, the gelato bar impressed me. I did my best to pace myself and not feel like I was going to throw up (my usual experience) Instead I only had a couple plates of food, trying completely new things each time and saving room for dessert. I'm glad I did because the pistachio gelato and pistachio mousse w/ raspberry sauce was amazing. . . I'd highly recommend coming here as you leave the strip. There's a reason why most locals come here and why it gets high ratings. The strip food is mostly smoke the mirrors, for those who take food seriously this is the buffet you should be preparing for.
Olga G., you are an awesome person! $33.99 seafood brunch buffet with beer and wine included?! I am SO there!. . Come on, if you come to Vegas on a weekend expect a line at the buffet ESPECIALLY if you come during lunch time! I hate people who complain overly much about waiting at a buffet line. DUH, if there're people waiting there's a reason for it.. . Overwhelming is the first word I would use. This place is HUGE and with so many offerings, I wish I had multiple stomachs. Whatever your heart desires, they'll have it here. I love the oysters, they were fresh and succulent. I usually get my money's worth with the prime rib and today was no exception. . . The dessert section is where I usually gauge the "awesomeness" of a buffet and Studio B delivers. Dozens of choices and they also have a gelato case with many flavor choices but also...get this...a barrista! You can get your deluxe cappuccino and lattes included in the price of your buffet. . . I had overindulged this past weekend with alcoholic spirts so I had safe Coke and an after-meal coffee. Wine and beer IS included in your admission which makes the $33.99 a terrific value. I'm considering just spending a weekend at the M Resort just to indulge in their buffet.
Still great after all this time! This place has almost become a "must eat" place every time we are leaving Vegas.. . My main draw is still their all you can drink beers. This time they had beers like Warsteiner and Pabst Blue Ribbon. Food wise? Still crazy awesome. Sushi, Korean short ribs, and more.. . It sucks to wait in the long lines but you fast forget all that wait as you nom down on the vast selection of foods
5* based on price alone. I don't think you will find a better deal anywhere for a brunch buffet like this and it's only $17.
Awesome buffet!! The best in Vegas in my opinion. So many choices and so much good quality food. All you can drink beer and wine are included with the buffet. Cappuccino/Latte's are  available upon request at the dessert section. Will definitely be eating here again on my next Vegas trip!! :)
I am a Vegas buffet aficionado. I have eaten at most of the supposedly top buffets including the Bellagio, Wynn, M, Red Rock, Mirage and the Wicked Spoon.  There is zero doubt in my mind that the M Resort Buffet is the best value hands down.  The M, at weekday lunch, is $16,and  includes beer, wine and coffee liquors.  More importantly, the food is outstanding on every level - taste, preparation, variety.  A couple of things here and there that are just so-so, but overall, the food is remarkably good.  TIP:  Take tiny portions of everything that looks good.  Savor each bite.  Appreciate it.  Don't just woof it down like a seagull!  Take your time and enjoy.  There's plenty of time and food.  Without a doubt, the M is the buffet to beat. The Wynn and Bellagio are also excellent, but they are much more expensive.
This place is hands down the best buffet in all of Las Vegas, yes that even means the Wynn buffet. If you come here, get here at 2 so you get some of  the lunch items along with the dinner stuff.. The quality is a lot better than the rest as you can tell with their roasted meats. Compared to other places, the prime rib here is roasted in smaller batches which only means quality. If they're all out they have another one roasting away to perfection rather than a slab that has been sitting there for an hour. They also have sides of horseradish cream and grated horseradish, I prefer mixing both and it compliments the meat very well. I also like the fact that they also serve raw oysters along with their shrimp and crab legs. The king crab legs are pretty decent in size and they will never run out. The butter they serve with this is waayy too salty and is not clarified whatsoever big no, no. Another advantage this place has is the all-you-can-drink bar that serves wine, beer, alcoholic cider even root beer on tap!! However if you like asian food this place is not the spot to go, the sushi here is less than average, the pad thai tastes like dog biscuits (trust me I've tried them) and all the stir fried items seemed coaxed with gloppy corn starch thickened sauces. As for their desserts, there were sooo many I couldn't decide what to grab, for the most part they're all great but you must get the Creme Brulee.. Some things to try:. -Crab Legs. -Oysters. -Prime Rib. -Roasted Lamb . -Lamb Osso Bucco (go straight for the marrow and skip the meat itself! trust me on this!). -Ox Tail Soup. -Wood baked Salmon. -Creme Brulee. -Espresso to finish at the dessert bar!
Selection of food / drink and service are all great.. . Only downside is the wait time during peak hours (holiday / weekend dinners). . But food is worth the wait.
Love this buffet. Just need to remember to come to bit earlier to beat the rush. Great options and the seafood selection is amazing. Crabs are great and the oysters are fresh.
This buffet is super yummy!  My mouth is watering just thinking about it as I write this review!  Last Saturday night was the first time my husband and I ate here and we were not disappointed!  They serve a wide variety of ethnic food. These types of food included Italian, Mediterranean, Thai, American, and Japanese.  There might even be a few that I didn't include here.  The prime rib and crab were delicious, and let's not forget the creme brulee!  The unlimited wine and beer bar was great also!
PROS: . . - KALUA pig is my favorite thing here. hoahhhh yea braahhhh.!! . . - unlimited wine and beer is included with your meal!. . - Lunch is 16 bucks and dinner is 36 bucks. . . CONS:. . - the occassional line of 40 people.. . - crab legs and oysters are NOT served until dinner (which starts at 4pm).
Best buffet in Vegas hands down!  The only tough part is if you're staying on the strip..............we learned the hard way.  Cabbing over is ~$40 -- we'll rent a car  or drive next time!. . We were there on a Saturday around 1 pm and there was surprisingly no line!  The weekend seafood brunch is now $33.99, but it was well worth it!. . I've never been to a buffet with such fresh crab legs. And this is SNOW crab, not the chewy bland king crab legs that you can find anywhere else.  They offer both hot and cold versions, along with a ginger-stir fried version in the Asian cuisine section. I found the hot version to be the best (the stir-fried version had meat that was dried out probably because it was kept over heat)...the best meaning I had two plates of snow crab legs all to myself.  AH!. . There is a round carving/meat station in the center of the buffet where you can find prime rib (and a variety of sauces), NY steak, salmon, rotisserie chicken, fried chicken, turkey, pork, etc......There's an entire row dedicated to salads and fruit.  Their soups included lobster bisque (which was quite delicious!)  For the ethnic stations, I really appreciated the more authentic-style Asian dishes such as eggplant with black bean sauce (pretty decent!), braised oxtail, and yuxiang beef (though I would have preferred it cooked with the more traditional pork).  You don't typically see these served at other buffets.  There was also sushi and Thai.. . Their fruit was super sweet and fresh and their dessert station is to die for!  The selection was almost too much to bear -- too little stomach space left ='(, but such a feast for the eyes.  But I did the wasteful thing (bad me, I know) and tried like 10 things because I couldn't resist.  The flan and creme brulee = AMAZING. The chocolate souffle could be more chocolatey (but I'm a chocolate snob) and the fruit tart could have had slightly more custard and less crust.  Overall, everything I tried was great!. . Definitely looking forward to my next trip out here!
DAMN, where do I begin?? The nice ass M Resort is already ballerific and their buffet was just as excellent!. . First off, my girls and I waited a good 10 minutes in line for their lunch buffet at a price of $15.99. WHAT A DEAL!. . Once we paid and were seated, drink orders were taken by our hostess and we were off to stuff our faces :). . They have an amazing selection of salads, Mexican food, Asian food (including sushi, though the rice was stale), Indian food, American food and freshly cut prime rib, turkey and ham! Mashed potatoes and macaroni cheese with ham was a hit as well as pozole was delicious. . . Like many other buffets, the dessert section was holy. Tiramisu, oreo shake, cheesecake and even gelato at your service was definitely a touch of heaven :). . And did I mention wine and beer on tap? I didn't get a glass but I tried my friend's red wine and they don't mess around lol :P. . I miss eating here and I miss eating buffet style so I would definitely come back here next time I'm on my way to Sin City!!
This review is for the weekday lunch buffet - $15.99!!!. . For the selection, quality, and price, it can't be beat! . . I normally don't do well at buffets simply because I can't eat that much in a single seating.  However, this place is bombdigity!! I filled myself up crab legs and claws and washed it down with coffee lattes and baileys! oh yeah, that's how I like to start my mornings!. . Notes for 1st timers:. Beer, wine, cider are located near the entrance. Coffee (lattes, mochas, etc.) are located by the dessert bar. . . Stay away from the sushi.  Everything else tasted like what it was!  . . Will definitely trytheir seafood dinner buffet next time I'm in town.
Studio B is quite possibly the BEST buffet in all of Las Vegas. It sucks that this place is nowhere close to being on the strip & can rack you in over $30 a taxi ride just to get here if you don't have a car, but it's so worth it.. . The seafood dinner is the single most greatest thing in the world for the price of $34 (on weekends). It isn't seafood dinner the rest of the week & can be priced at $24, but still, those prices are amazing compared to other buffets in Vegas. The line can get pretty long on those weekends, so plan accordingly. But the options are endless! There's a section for almost every possible type of cuisine you can find in Vegas. Crab legs, oysters, shrimp, Korean BBQ, steaks, Rotisserie, it's endless. And bottomless wine and beer? Definitely can't be beat. Their dessert bar is super full and neatly presented, includes gelato.. . Best of the best.
I really think this buffet at Las Vegas deserves 5+ stars! Absolutely the best buffet you can have at Vegas! Large vareity of food and seafood menu on weekends & holidays! My personal favorite item there is the warm cooked crab legs with melted butter! I dont think many if any other buffet serves their crab legs the way M Resort does it! Price has gone up quite a bit since I first started going (a couple years back), but even with the price going up many many people like myself still go back everytime I'm at Vegas!. . More other pros about this buffet is there are FREE beer and house wine (both white and red)! You cant beat that anywhere else! Service is usually pretty good. Always refilling drinks at the right time never really had to wait for the waiter/waitress to bring something you requested.. . One big down side about this place is the ridiculous wait time. I mean on just an average weekend you can be in line for about 1 to 2 hours. If you are thinking about a holiday weekend, hahaha good luck because I've seen/heard of wait times over 3 hours!
OMG. Food so good! Bellagio Buffrt was good for their seafood but overall, Stufio B is definitely better! Variety of food from all over. Great taste. Beer and wine included in the price for their beverage selection AND for only $15.99. GREAT deal!
What else can be said about the excellent Studio B Buffet at the M? It's my favorite buffet in the whole Las Vegas valley, and I've just about been to them all.. . Great selection of food, well prepared and presented. Excellent meats by the grill area, and the desserts are superb. It's the only buffet I'm aware of where beer and wine are included as free drinks, which is really a nice touch.. . The high ceilings, open layout, and big video screens give the place a bright, modern feel. Much slicker than most any other buffet - many of which feel like they're in a cave.. . Did I mention they serve bottomless beer and wine?. . I actually prefer the M slightly to even the Wynn or Bellagio purely on the dining experience. But it's also closer, cheaper, and has shorter lines. It's truly an all-around great place.
Locals always talk about how this place is awesome. And yeah, yeah I'll have to agree with them.. . It's not a pretentious, over-the-top type of buffet with Grecian pillars or floral murals or anything. It's just a clean and circular space with a whole bunch of your typical buffet fare. . . Food quality was great. Service was also good. Price is never too steep because they give out coupons all the time. . . My only gripe is that they need to step up their fruits selection. I'd like some strawberries (chocolate covered), grapes, etc. etc.
Unlimited beer, snow crab and prime rib carved on the spot...that alone was worth the wait and $30 admission fee. Good variety here so if your country had a specialty they probably had it. As for me, i stuck with the crab and prime rib. When I thought everything was all said and done, I looked over and saw more crab legs, except this time the other side had them served up warm. Didn't realize i had a second stomach til these came into play. Believe the hype...Studio B should be everyone's Vegas itinerary.
ALL YOU CAN DRINK BEER and/or WINE w/ YOUR MEAL!!. . That is all that I should have to say.......but there really is more to tell about the buffet.. This is the BEST buffet in Vegas/Henderson hands down!  They have every type of food from Greek..to Mexican...to American...to Chinese...to Filipino...to whatever!   They have 3 carving stations.. The dessert bar is awesome! . But I still can't get over the free BEER!   I think I had about 7 glasses w/ my brunch.  . Our server was very nice.  She made sure we always had what we needed.. This is the one buffet I will hit every time I am in the area.
All you can eat and drink, for only 16 bucks! Can't beat that... I local friend took me to M Resort while I was visiting Vegas and I was so amused!!! I think we spent a good 2 hours eating and chit chatting, the staff was super friendly and I never had an empty cup of water nor lemonade... as far as alcohol... I think I had a whole bottle by myself. If you know someone or are renting a car take a trip to this hidden gem.
FINALLY got  chance to try Studio B.  I've been to M so many times but I was never able to try it because of a few things: long ridiculous lines and they aren't open at midnight :[. . Went on a Saturday around 5:30p since we didn't want to wait, and yes, we did drive out of Vegas for about 20 minutes just for the buffet.  Studio B is located inside the modern M resort, and is probably the biggest draw of the hotel.. . Once we paid and were seated, I immediately went for the carving stations.  Prime rib, BBQ ribs, lamb, turkey, roasted chicken... everything was there.  Of course, I started out with the prime rib because for me, the quality of the prime rib can sometimes make/break a buffet.  Surprisingly, M Resort had one of the best prime rib I've had a buffet, anywhere!  The seasonings on the crust, the medium-rare doneness, and the au jus all came together for a delicious tasting prime rib.  The braised short rib was my 2nd favorite.  Didn't expect the buffet to have tender short ribs.  . . A lot of people liked the BBQ ribs, including me, but I do have to say, it is a bit fatty so that may turn some people away.  The poultry were all good, but for some reason they didn't have chicken breast, only the dark meat.  Not that I was really complaining since I always prefer the more juicy part of the bird.. . As for the seafood, that's what all others went for first.  The highlight is definitely the crab leg!  Mounds and mounds of crab legs.  It's not split in half for you like some of the buffets at the high end hotels (Wynn, Bellagio), but it is cracked open at strategic spots so it is quite easy to crack the legs.  However, one thing I do have to say that it was extremely salty and that some just looked sorta odd with brown and green spots.. . There's also unlimited raw oysters!  A few of my friends totally went berserk but I sorta held back since I've had bad experience with raw oysters and will only eat the ones that has a pure clear liquid, but that's just me.  The fact that they offer raw oysters is amazing to me though.. . There's also an Asian section, which is the same as everywhere else.  Hot foods such as mashed potatoes and fried fish is there as well.  My favorite was definitely the fried calamari with marinara sauce.  It's like free and unlimited appetizer that you would have to pay 10-12 bucks for at any restaurant!. . As for the desserts... I didn't care much for the cakes but they do have creme brulee (I'm a sucker for it) and gelato ice cream!  Creme brulee is creamy and tasty.  For the gelato, lemon was definitely my favorite.  Sweet but just enough tang for you to pucker.  . . Another huge draw for the buffet is the unlimited beer & wine.  3 types of beers on draft and a red/white wine option.  It's sorta hidden in the corner and a lot of people thought you had to pay but it's just people giving tip.. . Seriously, I have a craving to go back.  It may not be the best quality and it is a little out of the way, the price, selection, and unlimited alcohol definitely pushed this buffet into the 5 star realm!
Best buffet in Vegas.. . I far from the strip so I usually go for Sunday brunch on our way home. We never had to wait too long of a line, but getting seated with a large party is always hard. . . The thing that stands out to me about the buffet at the M hotel verse the other hotels on the strip is that the variety of food is actually good. The crabs legs are always fresh and delish, but they also have the hot ones too. I like those better. They have more seafood options than most of the other buffets. Worth the cost of it. $37.99 Sunday brunch.. . Enjoy.
My favorite buffet in VEGAS!!! . . I came here close to when it opened years ago and remembered loving it and finally got a chance to return and i was happy it was still as good as i remember. . . Off the strip, i came here with my family after outlet shopping on a wednesday lunch. We heard about a senior deal for people over 50, but unfortunately THEY ENDED THE SENIOR DEAL. Still, it's a great deal as we only paid $16.00 per person and they have one of the biggest selections and also UNLIMITED WINE AND BEER AND GELATO!!!. . PRICES: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LNGBEEelQx4zbfWnlc66cw?select=aVc7XXpYbfEx0zQX1169bA. . Breakfast M-F 7am-10:30 $11. Lunch M-F 10:30-2:30 $16. Dinner M-Th 4pm-9pm $24. Seafood Brunch Sat/Sun 9am-2:30pm  $34. Seafood Dinner  Fri: 4pm-10pm $34.                                Sat/Sun 2:30-10pm $34. . Recommendation: Go for a late breakfast and stay for lunch items, which is plenty of food!. . If u want crab legs, don't bother going during the weekday lunches (not sure if they have it during weekday dinners) cuz they dont' have any.. . BUT, there's so much stuff! Everything was pretty good except for the sushi, which was terrible that day. Really hard rice! :(. However, i enjoyed DESSERT the best as you can see from my pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LNGBEEelQx4zbfWnlc66cw?select=-2R7iQN7p-BTqDGQACzHXA. Creme Brulee, meringue cookies, carrot cake, RV cupcakes, panna cotta, tiramisu, mousse cake, chocolate cake. GELATO of many kinds, tarts, . . MEATS: Brisket, ribs, tri tip, pork loin,ham. . Others: small selection of chinese food/mediterranean/mexican /indian.mussels, seafood ciopinno, shrimp scampi, baked ziti, BACON, fried shrimp, fried mushrooms, fried chicken, mash, asparagus, sweet potatoes with marshmallows, cream corn and spinach . . Sad to see some of the prices have hiked up since i originally went, but i would definitely recommend this place if ur tired of waiting in huge long lines and paying the same price or more and getting charged extra for drinks. . . Located in the M Resort- that blue building u see off to the right before you get to the strip. A great place to stop on the way home!
This review is for the weekday lunch buffet.  Enjoyed it!. . Wait line to get seated moved fast, $17 something for lunch is a deal and includes all you can drink beer and wine, nice seating layout they even have the food network on tv showing above the food stations, also the food serving stations is laid out where you don't have long lines just trying to get food, lots of food variety to select from (sorry no crab legs for lunch), enjoyed the fried onions near the breakfast selections, huge dessert selection (to bad there was a sign saying not to take food out, if not I was tempted to take out a gelato cone).. . Will visit again the next time I'm in Vegas.
Holy shit.. . I don't normally use profanity in my reviews, but I think it's warranted here.  This is definitely the best buffet I've ever experienced.  Has a little something for everything and the selection goes on FOREVER.  Even the visual splendor of the buffet is magnificent.  I think the secret to this place is that the food actually TASTES good, so nothing goes to waste (I finished every scrap of food on my plate).  Also, beer and wine comes complimentary with the meal, so you could totally get wasted here if you want to.  Even the desserts are satisfactory...and which there is a LOT of variety.  I'd stick with the 10 flavors of ice cream they have to choose from.  Not bad for $20 (including tip).. . There is one small thing I take issue with (there's always something)...and that's that it took 15 minutes for the waitress to come by and take my drink order and bring it to me.  That's about 14 minutes too long.  I was parched and I couldn't enjoy my meal until they brought it to me.  But after that, it was hunky-dory.
best priced, best tasting buffet in las vegas. there's a reason why the wait is over an hour long. . . prime rib is cooked to PERFECTION. even the well-done section is tasty and not tough or gamey or chewy. the buffet is REASONABLY priced and it has a REASONABLE selection. they dont take every food name they can think of, and put it in the buffet. you get a little bit of each type of food without being overwhelmed.. . the desserts are delicious and theres gelato and fresh coffee drink options. service is GREAT in that sense. service was NOT great trying to get in. after you get throughthe line, you wait in another line. and i asked the lady how much longer we have to wait. she doesn't  tell me a time. she just tells me "a few more minutes". woman... 20 minutes is not "a few more minutes". this is my only complaint about this place. but i can't complain that the line was long and i was hungry. just comes to show how many people will go out of their way for good food. . . the price is reasonable. and theres free beer and wine. i absolutely enjoyed their seafood/sushi that i expected to be gross after my experience at bellagio. meat. meatmeatmeatmeatmeat. gosh im hungry. prime rib. prime freaking rib. . . ok. im just going to keep repeating myself so.... goodbye.
the best buffet ive ever been to ever!!! this past weekend was my first time in vegas and everyone i knew raved about how good the buffets are so we asked some locals at the primm shopping center and they recommended the Studio B Buffet. OMG AMAZING !!! we went for lunch on friday (34 for two adults) and i feel in love with their pistachio shooters mmm. I got full off 2 plates of delicious food and free beer!!!. we went again for dinner on saturday night and the wait was over an hour :/ dont go starving, u might pass out like i did. but it was worth it! it was seafood night! unlimited snow crab legs and shrimp!!!! so worth the 72 bucks we paid. their NY steak was delicious tooo and everything else. I have nothing negative for the place even the waiters were awesome! but my favorite place of all was the desert bar :D i will go again next time i go to vegas.
I usually don't go to buffetsunless they are good. My brother lives in Vegas and he and his family rarely eats at buffets but recently I hear positive feedback from him about this one. When we visited him and his family three weeks ago, I made sure that part of our itinerary is to eat at this buffet before we head out to So Cal. The day came and to be honest with you, I totally underestimated it. It was awesome!!! The food tasted great and the people serving you were kind and courteous. For those in a diet (like I do)..no worries, they have egg whites as a healthy substitute if you want a good source of protein without the fat for your omelet. They have tons of lean beef, fish, and poultry as well. My favorite was the sashimi salad! The quality of the meats, seafood and veggies were fantastic! Flavors were balanced and not overpowering. . . Okay, to the dessert part...leave room in your tummy!!! You'll be diabetic by the time you leave...j/k ;) TONS of selection!!! From gelatos of various kinds to cakes, cookies, pies, cupcakes, and many more!. . To make it short, visit and be amazed! Don't listen to those who rated this buffet with a star or two...they are haters and picky. The line may be long but that really says a lot about the buffet...it's good! I love to eat and it's my favorite hobby so enough said and I suggest to try it.. . Come hungry...just HAVE FUN!!!
While I've eaten many times here in the past under the previous owners, I have not eaten here since the complete ownership change.  However, i recently got an email from the M Resort advising of a new link for their buffet..  You can now see all of the dishes they offer at the buffet, including what appears new offerings I do  not recall from past visits like Cioppino, paella, Shrimp Vera Cruz,  a Mexican section etc.   Here's the link:. . http://www.themresort.com/studiob/. . just wish the M would have a locals discount like some other buffets do.
Possilbly one of the best buffets I"ve been to hands down! Not only is there a huuuuge selection of food (i think over 200-varieties) there was also free beer and wine!. . My first impression of Studio B was very open and clean. I enjoy a buffets that have open spaces so you don't feel crammed and squished as you move from your table to the food. The servers were very prompt and polite!. . The food was great! In an effort to try more than just a handful of dishes, I literally had half a scoop or two bites (sometimes just one bite) of 15-20 dishes and was stuffed! That wasn't even a fraction of what was offered.. The food was made with quality ingredients and had dishes I haven't seen at other buffets, such as: Stuffed grape leaves, paella, butternut squash salad, gnocchi, ahi poke and lomi salmon!? First time I've ever seen ahi poki offered at a buffet! All dishes served were delicious.. . The desserts were great too with gelato and espresso bar. My only regret was not being able to eat more! This is a must for anyone visiting Vegas!
OK OK this is the BEST buffet in Vegas period.  there is a lot of variety. the desserts are very good.  The lamb shoulder cooked to perfection.  but what does it is FREE all you can drink beer and wine.  I'm talkin about the regular buffet on Wednesday under $55 for two.  without a players club. we got to the line around 7 and were seated about 7:15. it wasn't to busy.. at the dessert bar you can order fresh coffee or a latte with Kahlua. If somebody hadn't told us we wouldn't have known. .       everything was really good. The place is very clean.  Don't bother looking for the bathroom its not in the Buffet its outside to the right.
GREAT buffet en route to Sin City! If you can make it for Friday lunch (before 2:30pm), it's probably the best deal around: $15.99. Stuff yourself, and then have a super light dinner to fit into that tiny black dress ;). . Noteworthy items: creme brulee, panang curry, oxtail soup, the gelato, berry burst cider (wine and beer is included in the buffet price!), and their custom lattes with Bailey's, Amaretto, or Kahlua added.. . I'm a fan.
Crab Legs? Check.. Different types of food? Check.. Desserts? Check.. Different types of Crab legs? Check.. . $38 (tax included) each for lunch... . . FOOD:. For buffets... I always try to get only the good stuff... F Mac N Cheese, F the breakfast foods, F make your own salad... I'm going for the Crab legs and Sashimi. . . They also had ginger crab legs (chinese side) that were DELICIOUS. It had flavor. I got a bunch of those. You need to ask the Sushi people for the Sashimi - not the highest quality, but still good. . . Fried Shrimp - yum. Lobster bisque - ALWAYS WAIT FOR THE NEW POT TO COME. Oysters. Mussells. . No Lobster :(. . The desserts were good. GELLATO ICE CREAM! And also macaroons! They also serve cappuccino and  coffee! BARISTA!. . Best Buffet... it's worth the drive off the strip. . . Plenty of parking.
I have come here a handful of times now. Hands down, best buffet in Vegas. Word has spread so the prices have jumped =[. Still, the locals and tourists alike flock here. . Try coming early, BEFORE they open... There's already a line, trust me. The shortest I've ever waited was maybe 20 minutes but the longest was an hour.. Each minute of torture was worth it.. Enormous variety of food to choose from.. The servers are attentive here. I never have to ask for a refill, they always know to bring me more ginger ale because they actually pay attention to you!!! . SO MANY HUGE CRAB LEGS. . They have sushi, sashimi, pasta, BEST FREAKIN PRIME RIB AT A BUFFET EVER, . . oh my goodness... I can't gush about this place enough.. . My friend is a local to Vegas and took me here. I love him so so so much for bringing Studio B into my life.. . The desserts are all good too. Each time I come, I have about 6-8 desserts.. . yes, I am greedy.
After reading all of my friends' reviews, I feel compelled to write a novel about how amazing Studio B really is. However, I don't think that will do it any justice, so I will keep it nice and short.. . If you're driving home from Vegas and you didn't get the chance to experience a Vegas buffet, this is the perfect place. Just make sure you come EARLY, as the lines fill up fast. Around 10 a.m. should do.. . There are no words to describe how bad of a food coma I got after coming here. I've been to a lot of buffets around the world, and I would have to give this #2 on my list (nothing beats the Singapore Hyatt buffet). Have you ever seen a buffet so huge that you can walk work off a good amount of what you ate just by walking around and looking for more food? . . The selection here is PHENOMENAL. You really have to pace yourself, though, and try everything first. Then, you get what you really want. The Chinese food section is nothing special, so you can avoid that right away. Just make sure to load up on crab legs.. . Desserts: HOLY SHIT. Whatever you do, save room for them. Even if you don't have room, walk around, go the bathroom, let everything out, and come back. The price you pay for your entry here will not be worthwhile if you don't indulge in the desserts. . . One thing I never realized is the free wine and beer, which I've only seen at a buffet on a boat in Finland. . . To sum it up, I didn't eat for 2 days after coming here. My friends and I invented a new term for the level of awesomeness that you achieve after experiencing Studio B: stomach raging.
We came here for lunch: $15.99 / person.. . Good:. + Parking: Plentiful in a private lot area. + Price: Very reasonable for the variety of selection and taste! Oh the taste.... + Food: One of the better buffets I've been to, I must say!  I was pleasantly surprised, given the fact that this was a hotel away from the strip (I assumed all the good stuff should be there since there's so much foot-traffic there), and at a fair price.  There isn't a ton of different foods, but what they did have was delicious!  Just enough variety to satisfy everyone, AND instead of only the so-so frogurt-ice cream vending machines most buffets have, they also have a server help you with GELATO. They have about a dozen different flavors or so?  Mmmmmmmmmm dessert bar, you've won me over.  Not to say everything else wasn't tasty!   I fully enjoyed my entire meal.  I wish I could've eaten more!!!!!!!! (I was at my limit by the time I discovered the gelato...... cryyy.).      + Complimentary alcoholic drinks (tipping is encouraged, but not required) --wink-wink--. + Service: All the servers were prompt and friendly. . + Atmosphere: Beautiful ceiling and decor, lots of giant big screens to watch shows, comfortable seats, plenty of seating space, spacious walkways (maybe because I came here on a weekday and this particular buffet was off the strip, but whatever!), and clean. I never saw a mess that wasn't immediately cleaned.. . Bad:. - Food: Well, I know what I like and what I don't like, so everything that was on my plate I was very satisfied with.  Some of the things on my boyfriend's plate......not so much.  I don't recommend the calamari (flavorless) and this baked citrus fish dish that was wrapped up like a rose and baked (that was so-so).  Also, my tater-tots went cold really fast! Get these last (TATER TOOOOOTS! Yum). Except when they're cold.. - Waiting in line to get in! Let me in so I can gets my NOM-NOM-NOM on!
I love this buffet. They have so much to chose from, and free alcohol can't get any better then that. Everytime I come to vegas, I must eat here and play here. The desserts are amazing as well.
Usually never go to buffets because my friends are a bunch of anorexic Asian girls who eat one slice of bread to get full. Haha kidding! Well, half kidding. Anyway, during our monthly Vegas trips, we don't go to buffets because of the simple fact that our hungover asses can barely finish a plate of food hence, not worth the mula, baby.. . But I came with a few friends for lunch to the M because we heard of the $15 lunch special and of course THE UNLIMITED DRANKS! Beer & wine only of course, but  still an amazing deal! Oh and the food is delicious too. A variety of cuisines :) and lots of yummy selections. If you come for a late lunch, you might get lucky because sometimes they bring out the king crab legs!!!
Great buffet.  I thought I would never get to the end of the selections.  Everything that I ate was delicious including crab legs - cold or warm. Unlimited beer and wine are included in the price of the buffet.   Also many specialty coffee drinks.  Will definitely be back.
Crazy amount of food and all of it was delicious.  I was like a kid in a candy shop.  There was so much variety ranging from Italian, to Japanese, to Mexican, to American, to beer, to wine, to gelato, to cup cakes, to cookies, to macaroons.  There was just so much food, I couldn't eat it all.  I would say the best is the meat, but that's because I'm a guy and I like my protein.  There was so much desert, by the time I was half way done, my plate was full and I couldn't add anymore.  I got to the end (best part) where there was a ton of ice cream and gelato.  Great! Amazing! Delicious!  . . The price for lunch was $15.99 which isn't bad for an all you can eat and all you can drink buffet.  I couldn't even drink that much because I didn't want to get full off the beer.  They had a bunch of wine choices, beer, and others.  Give it a try, especially if your there for lunch.
BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS!. . This is the first buffet that I've ever been to where every single dish that I tried was good. To top it off, the price is right, you get unlimited beer and wine, and the selection is outstanding.. . Sure, I wish it wasn't so far off the strip... but it would either be way more expensive or crappified if it were closer.. . If you have a rental car - be sure to make this one of your Vegas stops.
Hands down one of the best buffets in Vegas!. . It's a little ways off the strip but so worth it!  We did the seafood buffet on Friday night, got there a little later than the usual dinner crowd (about 8pm) and only had about a ten minute wait (at the most) before we were seated.. . Everything we tried was delicious.  The steamed crab legs, the cold crab legs, the prime rib, oxtail soup, lomi lomi salmon.  It was ALL so good!. . We don't drink alcohol but apparently beer & wine are included in the price. . . I am also not a big dessert person but they had one of the best dessert bars ever!  At 33.99 it is a great value.  I can't wait to go back!
5 stars for the unlimited beer & wine-perfect for hangovers right!. . Came around 10 Sunday morning ($41) they automatically include tax and tip.. . Things to put on your plate:. Cold Crab Legs. Oxtail Soup (a little too salty for me this time, but still good). Fresh out of the ove pepperoni pizza. Lobster Bisque. Creme Brule. Gelato. *Smoked Bacon (didn't know they had this until I read Yelp reviews, wish I knew about it so I could've tried). . Pretty good array of foods, but I tend to repeatedly grab those that I've tried and know are good. It may be a bit overwhelming because there are so many choices to choose from.. . *Kinda wish the dessert sizes were half of what they are now, only because really like to taste a variety of things and a teaspoon full of one thing is good enough. Luckily I had my friends with me so got them to finish whatever dessert I couldn't.
This buffet was actually super legit. It's located in the M Casino in middle of freaking no where off the strip, but the food was incredible.. . For $35 bucks it was unbeatable dinner deal.... . What I ate:. . 1- Unlimited Beer + Wine - Yay, but I ended up just sipping on the root beer from tap. 2. Seafood - Crab Legs/Oyster/Shrimp cocktail  - same quality as RIO Seafood buffet. 3. Prime rib/Lamb/NY Steak/Korean BBQ/ other meats - all were really good surprisingly . 4. Sushi/sashimi salad - meh. 5. too much other stuff.... . They also had a full desert and coffee bar which was awesome. Rarely do I go to a Vegas buffet and so thoroughly enjoyed all the entrees. This buffet did that, had to be one of the best buffets for value ever...
Believe the hype, this place is legit.  I was there for lunch Friday afternoon and felt that for $15.99/adult, you can't beat the food.  Your choice of wine/beer is limited, but say you have 3-4 beers with 3-4 plates of food = WINNING!  . . And the BEST part, their desert bar.  We ate at the Wynn buffet on our previous Vegas trip and you know how you grab a bunch of deserts (and by this time you're already completely stuffed) and 1/2 of them taste like crap... NOT HERE, I polished off all my desserts and had 3 scoops of gelato (yes they have a gelato bar AND free coffee).  . . This will probably be the only Vegas buffet I go to in the future.
Studio B at the M= Food Heaven. First off, i enjoy my alcohol very much.. Unlimited red and white wine and beer  IS included! Yay!. I have been to a lot of buffets in Vegas and this is surprisingly the best .. You can taste the freshness and quality of the food.. This is definitely the place where you go and PIG OUT on awesome food.. It's so unforgettable !!
BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS! So many choices and all fresh! Everything is amazing and it's not ridiculously over-priced. Unlimited beer/wine=BONUS. Be sure to save room for dessert because there's a lot to choose from and it's just as good as the rest of the food. I have been raving about this place since I went and my next Vegas trip will definitely include it!
5 stars for unlimited beer and wine alone. This place is the bomb! Where else can you find a buffet that offers unlimited beer and wine? I came here for dinner for a friend's birthday and it was fabulous! I am not a buffet type of person and I hardly eat much but I ate a lot at this Buffet!. . First of, the selections were crazy! crab legs, ox tail, sweet potato mash and a huge salad bar! I have been in a lot of Buffets in Vegas and they have the best selection of food I have ever seen. The food was fresh and the staff was really nice.. . My ABSOLUTE favorite is the dessert bar! Yummy! There were so many to choose from I couldn't decide so I tasted all of them. On top of that they serve Gelato Ice cream! Yum!!! . . Pros: fantastic food, great selection, friendly staff, unlimited wine and beer and fabulous desserts.. Cons: Far from the strip, long lines when it is busy.. . Overall the best buffet in Vegas! I will come back here again someday:)
wow!. . It's so good. You have to eat here at least once if you stop by vegas. you just have to! yummmmmmmmmm. . p.s. did anyone else notice the vagina-pattern wall decor? :O it's a lil weird. but oh well. food's good tho.
More varieties than other buffets!  The best one I have ever tried!
ALL YOU CAN DRINK BEER AND WINE?!. . fuck the food...go for the drinks...it's a deal!. . Ok, but if you do care about the food, dont trip chocolate chip...the foood is bombbb. This is one of the  best buffets in vegas. It's off the strip, but the food is really good. They have the best crab legs everrrrr.
foooooooood comaaaaaaaaaaaa nom nom nom.... . . Their aycd is a LOT better now that they have CIDER!! YUM! . . When M Resort first opened, I ate here a lot and just slowly stopped.  So after a year of no Studio B .. my bf thought Thanksgiving would be a good day to go .. wrong 4.5 hr wait .. so instead we went today and NO wait :) yay!. . Prime rib .. yum .. salad .. yum .. everything else was pretty good-okay .. but DESSERT .. MMMMMMMMMM loveeeeeee .. and how do u not come to an ayce/aycd for $25?!
Best buffet!!! Why????. . 1.) Beer & Wine Station.         - unlimited beer on tap, alcoholic cider, red and white wine.            - my favorite: Raspberry Cider. 2.) Meaty Crab Legs.            - you don't just get crab legs, you get the legs plus half of the meaty body..            - no fighting here, because their station was always stocked with crab legs..            - don't forget about the steamed white rice. Can't have crab without rice.. 3.) Raw Oysters.            - topped it with cocktail sauce, lemon, Tapatio, and horseradish. 4.) Gelato Bar.            - 16 creamy flavors.            - served in a cup or waffle cone .            - you can make a root beer float by geting vanilla gelato in a cup and adding root  .              beer that's located at the beer & wine station. 5.) Dessert Station.            - great selection.            - my favorite: Creme Brulee (they were delish and I ate about 10 of them). 6.) Coffee Station (hidden behind the gelato station).            - they use real cappuccino/espresso machines.            - cappuccinos, lattes, mochas, espressos, coffee, hot chocolate.            - they also have flavored syrups like hazelnut and caramel.            - you can ask them to add Bailey's, Sambuca, Amaretto, Kahlua for free.            - my favorite: hazelnut cappuccino
STOP READING THIS AND GET IN YOUR CAR AND DRIVE TO THIS BUFFET.. . I wish I lived in Vegas because I would eat this every week and gain 1342984 pounds but be super happy and fat. . . I'm not one for buffets. The buffets I'm used to include parents who bring their family of 20+ with 100 kids and just let them run wild. Back in LA, you would not find me in any buffet. Anywhere. (Maybe universal hilton's.. but only because they have a chocolate fountain). . BUT THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING.. . All their food is delicious. It's not like most places where special attention is paid only to the more important foods. Here, every last detail on every last dishis thought through and executed perfectly. My favorite things to get are the prime rib & snow crab legs. Perfect perfect perfect.. . Don't even get me started on ALL YOU CAN DRINK BEER. (and wine) BUT ALL YOU CAN DRINK BEERR. and right next to that is the DESSERT BAR. with LITERALLY ALL THE BEST DESSERTS IN THE WORLD. I usually start off with the creme brulee, then move on to chocolate cheesecake. grab some macarons.. and the list continues on. . . And I ALWAYS finish my meal with a latte here. Their coffee is just as good as any cafe, starbucks, coffee bean and what not. Not mediocre, not brewed in the morning. Brewed right there on the spot when you order it.. . This buffet is so successful, because every part of it has been perfected. Everytime I'm in vegas, this is a MUSTTTT
BEST. BUFFET. EVER.. . Mind you, I travel to Vegas about 3-4 times a year, and resided there for more than one... So, I'm PRETTY sure I've tried every buffet on and off the strip at least once (or even twice) in my life. (True fatty, I know.). . Once you've tried the Vegas or Henderson buffets more than once, you'll notice that most of them serve the same foods... in the same style... with the same taste. There's nothing wrong with that, considering all Vegas buffets are pretty good and satisfactory.. But if you want to try something different, definitely go for this gem.. . Their presentation is quite classy for an all-you-can-eat restaurant. They serve a huge selection of food, and the quality of it all is evident. Rarely did I see an empty platter during my round trips to the food bar. The chefs behind the bars are friendly, too. During my last Studio B visit, I was addicted to their sashimi salad. Every time I walked back to get more, I always caught the salad chef making a fresh batch to serve.. . The best time to go to Studio B is during the weekend-- It's when they serve their Seafood Brunch & Seafood Dinner. But, you may have to wait in line for almost an hour since it's currently one of Vegas' popular buffets. It's also a little more pricey compared to most Vegas buffets, but it's worth it. I PROMISE.
One of the best buffets i've ever been to. This place has lived up to the hype that's been going around. They offer unlimited beer and wine which i have never seen any other buffets do before! The food at Studio B was unbelievable, the prime rib was perfect and the bbq ribs just melts in your mouth ;). . . The line was long (about an hr wait), but it's so worth it! . . If you're ever in vegas, you'll have to come here to eat. I'm pretty sure where ever you're from you'll enjoy this buffet
Came here for the $15/person lunch buffet. I don't think you can get such great service and wide variety of foods at any other buffet except for this one! And you can enjoy a great view of the desert while chomping on all of your food. . . For some reason the coffee is excellent here - kept drinking cups of this while eating. I wasn't a fan of the Asian food offerings but liked the paella and some of the fish they had. The best part of the lunchtime buffet was the dessert offerings - they had creme brulee and tons of gelato, cheese cakes, and lovely little shot glass cups of creme, raspberries, and other delicious desserts. It's way far from Vegas but worth it to drop by here since the resort is pretty and nice to walk around.
Came for Breakfast, many items were great or above average.  Not everything, some items were merely adequate, not bad, but nothing to write home about.  Weekday breakfast price was $11, making it a good bargain for a buffet.  Overall, the selection was pretty good and overall quality above average.. . There's a nice view of the strip if you sit at the window furthest from the entrance.. . Highlights - apple danish, biscuits and gravy, bacon, scrambled eggs, smoked ham, smoked salmon, pear with blue cheese, cheese blintz. Deserts were great and included at least a dozen flavors of gelato.. . Lunch and dinner offer unlimited beer and wine, something I haven't seen at other Vegas buffets.
This buffet is by far the best I went to in Las Vegas. Its pretty cheap if you go before 10:30 too. The quality of the food is really good too.. . The Asian selection is pretty good compared to the other buffets as well.. . Make sure to get some gelato and their dessert section!
We had always thought the Wynn Buffet was at the top-but not this trip. December 2011 showed the truth. Studio B has really fine food. The only bummer is that they do not have opened crab legs for my 80 year old mother to munch. They serve beer and wine (the beer was much better) with the meal that was 1/2 the price of the Wynn Buffet. Their prime rib was delicious, soft and tasty. They have excellent Chinese char siu, great fried chicken, rotisserie chicken, (turkey, I have to wait 1 year for more Turkey),wish they had booths-that is what they are lacking.
The M buffet is definitely one of the BEST Vegas buffets that I have had.  The food is good and the dessert is even better.  Running at about $20 for a weekday dinner buffet without the seafood (seafood is only on the weekends) it is relatively cheap.  . . When you first walk in the buffet doesn't seem as impressive as others like the Bellagio, etc.  There are TVs playing random video clips above the buffet, totally unnecessary, but cool.  If you walk straight ahead you will hit the meat carver.  The prime rib is where it is at!  The prime rib was well marbled and super flavorful.  It was actually more tender than some prime ribs that I have had from Lawry's.  They are sure to cover all of the ethnic foods.  You can get your Mexican nachos, Korean galbi, and Greek wrapped olives all in one place.  To get the most out of your meal, be sure to get your fill of UNLIMITED beer and wine!. . After you get your fill of prime rib, be sure to save some space for the dessert bar complete with gelato and espresso!  The espressos are made to order and I got a sweet vanilla latte!  The strawberry gelato was a fave of our group.  It was creamy and fluffy at the same time.  The best of the dessert bar has to be the coconut macaroons!  I don't even like coconut and i LOVED these macaroons.  They were crispy on the outside and moist on the inside without being too coconutty (you know that waxy consistency).. . Highlights:. - Prime rib. - Gelato. - Espresso. - Macaroons!!!. . I can easily see how the Studio B Buffet at the M received the Best Buffet Award in 2010.  Deeeeeeelicious :D
I could not even consider giving this place less then 5 stars. First, the selection is diverse, and the food is of great quality and fresh. There is not only a wide array of various food types and styles, but the dessert bar is also amazing, serving up creme brulee' and gelato! My 2 favorite points:. . -All you can drink beer and wine! . . -The price per quality is out of this world. $15 dollars for what I received was unreal. (Lunch price). I thought it was a trick, and was expecting a National Lampoons style buffet. I was pleasantly surprised when i did not receive it. There are many great buffets on the strip, however, the food here is amazing and given at an unmatchable price! Enjoy at your own risk!
Last day in Vegas, bf and his friends met up at this place and holy cow this is the best buffet I've had this whole trip!! For $33.99 you get over 200 choices of dishes and free beer, wine and cider! woooohooooo! now ain't that da bomb?! Plus it's a seafood buffet so I totally stacked up on crab legs and raw oysters...fresh and yummy! also have a awesome selection of desserts and gelato and did I mention unlimited beer, wine and cider? =D . . This buffet isn't even on the strip or near Vegas...it's actually a different location...about 20 minutes local from the Vegas strip...it's a casino/ resort. The best thing of all is when we got there around 2...there was no lines and it's a Saturday. Last time my bf came here he told me he waited 2 hours to get in but today..nope..not even five minutes of waiting =D....but then it did started getting busy around 4ish...then the line started to built while we were already chowing away delicious sorts of meats, pastas, seafood, and desserts. By the time we left around 4:45pm there was a very long line! . . Overall I definitely would not mind coming to this casino/resort for it's buffet...heck I'll even stay here anytime instead of the staying on Vegas strip..lol
Alot of my friends always talk about this place and every time they go they rave and rant about how great it is! When we first got there I wasn't expecting too much because it eventually gets hyped up too much and my expectations are never met. This wasn't the case here though. The food was SO good and I really liked the set up they had here. Yummy ribs, crab legs, oysters, gelatto, oh my goodness the list just goes on. They have a pretty big selection of things to choose from but my favorite part of the entire buffet was probably the desserts! YUMMY. so many things to choose from and they have cappuccinos and lattes for you to drink when you're done with your meal. YAY Studio B! You get my seal of approval :]! I'll definitely pay you another visit the next time in Vegas! And for all you reading the reviews for the place, they're all pretty spot on with it! Come check it out and you'll be surprised by how good this place is!
Best buffet in Vegas. That is all.
I think this is my new favorite buffet in Vegas. . . Located off the strip. What makes this buffet really good is the combination of variety and quality in the items. Plus there's desserts! You get beer and wine included as well? Awesome. . . Most people would dig this place just for the seafood. They have crab legs warm and cold. A Chinese food area, italian food area, USA #1 food area. I tried a bit from each area and it tasted good to great. Which is pretty cool considering almost every buffet has stuff where you wonder why they even added a certain item. . . I had some raspberry gelato and it was a nice clean finish to a large meal. The server was a little slow, but she got our drink orders right and gave refills when needed.. . Would definitely come back to this buffet again.
Best Buffet in town.. Hands down. Very long lines, but it's worth it. Great Seafood and Thai Food, plus all the beer and wine you can drink.
I thought that because the M Resort was a couple of miles away from the strip that this buffet would not be so busy. I was definitely wrong. I paid for the breakfast, but by the time I was seated, it was already lunch time. I waited approximately 30-40 minutes before I was seated.. . Although I did not reap this benefit due to the fact that I was driving, beer and wine are unlimited during lunch and dinner time. There is a huge variety of food here, so much variety that I had sampled so many of them. By the time I left the buffet, I was completely stuffed. There is something for everyone here, including a large selection of food for vegetarians.. . The people that worked here were completely nice. The assistant manager was telling me about the variety they had here which was a very nice personal touch. I loved the modern feel of the buffet including all the TV screens that wrapped around the entire buffet. It felt like I was in a minature stadium, but instead surrounded by delicious food.
One & Only GREAT Buffet in Vegas.. . It's a bit far out there but it's worth the drive. . The food is Great, it's unlimited wine, tip beer, fresh cappuccino, espresso etc. . I love their salmon tuna salad with ponzu sauce, shrimp cocktail, there fruits are almost always sweet, the prime rib is not over cook which I love, the sweet & mush potatoes are great and the dessert area OMG. Fresh crepe, fresh cookies,  flan, creme brulee and gelalo.. I love their raspberry ice tea, always get 2-3 cups hehee. . Mon-Fri Breakfast 7:00am-10:30am $10.99. Children 5 yrs - 8 yrs $7.99. . Mon-Fri  Lunch starts 10:30am - 2:30pm  $15.99. Children 5 yrs - 8 yrs $11.99. . Mon-Thurs dinner is  $23.99 from 4:00pm-9:00pm. Children 5 yrs - 8 yrs $17.99. . From Friday dinner-Sunday it's Seafood weekend all day sat & sun it's $33.99 with seafood stuff.. Children 5 yrs - 8 yrs $26.99. . Discount with ur player card don't forget. If u play a lot they send u coupons for buy 1 get 1 free or Free just for u every month.. . If you don't have a vip line pass or disable id the wait on the line is long. Every time I go there is always a line. Lucky I'm VIP hehee
It's not just an ALL YOU CAN EAT FOOD, but all you can eat GOOOOOOODNESS!!!!. . UNLIMITED beers, champagne, wine, gelato, lattes, cappuccino, yummy food, and YUMMY DESSERTS :) . . OFF THE STRIP, but worth the drive. LONG LINE(2hrs), but worth the wait. . I went to vegas 3 times last year and ate at 1 buffet  for each visit. By far, this was theeee BEST ONE of all buffet's i've been to in vegas. The other two buffets were in Aria and Bellagio. Our visit was on a sunday, which was a 2 hour wait in line, so just a heads up, show up early... not when your feeling hungry cause your ass is guna have to wait line like the rest of everybody else.
Love Love Love this buffet!!!  We have been coming here for the past 3 years for our annual New Year's Eve dinner.  Love it!!!
All I can say is this place is AWESOME.  The deserts are so delish!!!  You get a wide variety of dishes from seafood to Asian.  They even have gelato and cappuccino.  You can even order wine!  When in Vegas I always go to Studio B.  Get there early because the like get long quick.
FOREWARNING: Anticipate somewhere around an 1 hr 30 min - 2 hour wait.  I thought we'd be in the clear with it being Monday and all...but we were met with about an hour + 40 minute wait! My boyfriend was becoming enflamed as we waited and waited. He said if he would have been given a little heads-up (I guess I forgot to mention that litlle tidbit of info to him), his nerves would have been way less taut and frazzled. So I'm giving you a heads-up...expect around a 1 hr + wait.. . A friend told me about this buffet, a friend that is a restaurant owner, so I figured it would probably be something pretty special. We came during lunch, which is served from 10:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. and is priced at $15.99. Breakfast is served from 7:00 - 10:30 a.m. and is $10.99. Dinner starts at 4:00 p.m. and runs till 10:00 p.m. and is priced at $23.99. The Grand Seafood Buffet is only served on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays for $33.99. Children 4 & Under eat free! With these prices, no wonder people were surging in!  We missed out on the Seafood Buffet but there is so much food during the lunch and dinner periods, that you will be more than happy. . . They have salmon and albacore nigiri, futomaki sushi rolls, crawfish, grilled shrimp, fried shrimp, pear & walnut salad, gourmet salads, pastas, antipastos, mussels, prime rib, roasted chicken, roast beef, applewood bacon, turkey, chicken a la king, paella, hummus, pita bread, enchiladas, nachos, ham 'n cheese mac, oxtail soup, ponsit, lumpia,egg rolls, chicken masala, saag paneer, pizza, calzones, lasagna, lattes, cappuchinos, expressos, hot chocolate, creme brulee, tiramisu, fruit tarts, cannolis,  gelato, French macaroons, cookies, chocolate souflee, amaretto cups, brownies, chocolate-covered strawberries, crepes, fruit, pudding, bottomless wine & beer and so so much more. . . And these were only the items coming off my recollection and from the lunch menu!. . Everything, save for the nigiri, was very tasty. The nigiri was not bad - it just didn't have that freshly made flavor (which is totally understandable considering the mass volume of output at play here). The rice was crunchy from refrigeration. The paella was my favorite - seasoned shrimp, clams and rice in a savory broth. The goat cheese and walnut salad and the ham 'n cheese mac were excellent. My boyfriend liked the oxtail soup and the prime rib. The chocolate souffle and the oreo cookie gelato were quite delicious. And the cappuchinos made by their Studio B barista were strong, hot and frothy. . . Studio B Buffet is a great dining option if you can contend with the long wait.  I'm mean, people were rolling in 12-people deep!! I'm still on the fence about the 2 hour wait. It is a beautiful, impressive spread of food though, with lots of wonderful food, so I'll probably be back (I gotta try the Seafood Buffet).
Great taste for everything they serve.  Don't forget to try their dessert and coffee.  Our family went there at 10:30am to wait in line for an hour.  A group of my friends went there at 1:00pm need to wait for at least 3 hours.  So, get there early.. . Will go back next time.
To die for. Provided its by the state line of Nevada I would be willing to take the time to get there. About a 10-15 min drive from the Las Vegas Strip  . Our group did the $34.00 seafood dinner. It was amazing. Great seats right by the window. You could get a great pic of the Las Vegas Strip. I would probably frequent the place if it wasn't so far. Get there early for dinner/seafood dinner on Friday or Saturday nights.
Totally glad my friends introduce me to this buffet, I think I have found my new favorite buffet in LV now. . . If you don't like waiting[depending on the time you go, we can about noon time and just walked right in], unlimited beer, wine, and drinks, the same quality of food you can find the buffets on the strip all for a cheaper price, than Studio B is the place for you. Selection of food ranges from your American breakfast to you're the Asian fusion of food with everything else in between. Hands down the oysters were so fresh here, they had two stations for all you crab legs lover so waiting for seafood isn't a problem here. . . I've only got to try at least  1/2 of the food here as I got too full but I would totally come back to this buffet from now on. Totally worth the drive off the strip to eat!
This place is 20 minutes away from the strip? but it's on the way home to Cali though. This is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas & i've tried 4 other buffets in LV already. I absolutely LOVE the atmosphere here, the decor is really fancy. I went here for the lunch buffet with my family, 5 people & it was under 100$ (i think it was 80$?), and they had unlimited beer & wine. what a steal! I made more than 6 trips back & forth. They had all different kinds of foods there to Mexican food (salsa, taquita, tamales), Japanese (edamame, sushi, salad), American (ribs, beef steak, different potatoes/fried/mash), Soups (clam chowder, hot&sour), Desserts galoreeee (creme brulee, gelatin, cookies, cheesecake) Seafood. ETCCCC so much I can't type it all, lol. But the food is high quality & the price is so cheap! && of course the waiter/waitress are very attentive & friendly!!
This is your LAST call before leaving Las Vegas! Go with your instict to stop over at the M Casino and Resort before taking off...  Your last grand buffet before going back to regular boring life style.. Stop off for your last grand buffet at Studio B! You'll thank me later! (Or hate me). . Got to admit it, pretty good buffet! What blew my mind away was not the food, but yet the dessert bar! How could there be such delicious all you can eat dessert bar??. .  I am devastated they ended the senior deal so my folks didn't get their discount. We paid  about $35 per person. One of the best part to not give up on this was there was a line for their VIPs and Handicap and another line for everyone else. Well, keep in mind if anyone in your party is in a wheel chair or an elderly, you can get into the handicap line and get in without much waiting! . . My family is really not a big fan about buffets only because are eyes are way bigger then our stomach and we feel like crap afterward! BUT... who can resist missing one of the best Buffet in Las Vegas. I kind of forced everyone for a final stop and forced to have lunch at Studio B before heading to LA.. . The food was impeccable. Prime rib and King crab legs, I just stuffed my face with these two items! haha. Fresh and delicious.cusines, from Chinese cuisine to Mexican, American, French! The list keeps going!. . Oh my Gawd! The dessert section is like heaven. And usually at buffets the desserts doesn't taste so good, their either too sweet or not sweet enough, but this place is amazing! All different kind of cupcakes, from Red velvet, chocolate to peanut butter.Creme Brule, to all kind of cakes, macaroons, the best a full gelato bar!I had a pistachio nut gelato and a cappuccino (Yes even a cappuccino bar) to end my meal!!. . UNLIMITED EVERYTHING!!.. including Wine, Beer, Cappuccino, Express, and Gelato!!  :-)))
The best place before entering and leaving Las Vegas.  For the price you can't beat it.  Especially since its also ALL  YOU CAN DRINK Beer and Cider with your meal.  To some thats worth it just for that alone.  Everything they have is presentable and tasty.  Very clean atmosphere.  Desert Bar is top notch in my opinion.  So much crab and seafood!! Just look at everyone's pictures.  In my opinion it beats most on the strip for half the cost and to me that is worth it especially if you didn't eat from since Los Angeles on your way into Vegas.  My friends and I have driven out here for a buffet run and went back to LA just for M Resort
Wooow!! This buffet was hella good, I couldn't stop eating! The M resort itself is beautiful! We took the free shuttle to the M from the Fashion show mall on a Friday morning. It's pretty convenient the stop isoutside the Forever 21 and its about a 15 minute ride, Back to the buffet: When we arrived there wasn't a line and we paid only about $14.95, i think, for lunch. You also get unlimited beer, wine and they have all kinds of coffee and desserts. My fav was the Generals chicken and the fried prawns. Yum, Yum! The best buffet in Vegas. I literally ate until I couldn't eat anymore
we had to pick up our criss angel tickets at luxor and we were hungry. since we were on that side of town we decided to go check out the m resort and the buffet there. it was a drive to get there. its a beautiful place, the buffet was amazing. so many selections. the food didn't taste like typical buffet food, more like restaurant quality. but dont get fooled, its not fine dining, just the best buffet food we've had.
For living in Southern Highlands, I can't believe how stupid I was in not coming here earlier. My stomach prolly hates me right meow!. . Hawaii family was in town and wanted to try something new.. I've always heard about this buffet but, hearing that they had oysters on the menu sealed the deal.. . We arrived to an hour long wait. Which is to be expected on a Saturday night. Thankfully the bar was near by so, we had a few drinks to entertain us in line. Drinks were cheap, too =) You don't even know how shocked I was at paying $15 for 3 drinks.. . Once we got inside, I headed straight for the oysters. Ugh, SOOO GOOD!. And next to the oysters was OXTAIL and KALUA PIG AND CABBAGE.. I have never been to a buffet that has any of those. I was, literally, blown away.. . Their dessert menu is, by far, bigger and better than Wicked Spoon. And we alllll know how much iiiiiiiiiiiiiii love Wicked Spoon. It was levels on levels of desserts AND they, also, had dessert and coffee drinks made to order. IN-SANE.. . . By the time, I ate my way through the buffet line was when I realized that WINE AND BEER WAS AYCE (AYCD), too. Sadly, I was too stuffed to drink anything. . . In the words of Arnold Swartlakjdlkjdlkja;lkjf - "I'll be back!"
Long line but we moved fast. Excellent food that rivals good restaurant. Try the NY strip steak and fresh seafood. Desserts were excellent as well.
One of my fav buffet! Unlimited champagne, wine and beer! How awesome is that?! Great quality of food and variety of food. Pretty pricey but very worth it. Everything was delicious. This buffet is on top of my list. A must try resto. :)
My favorite buffet in Las Vegas (although it is in Henderson)!  The crab legs are delicious, the variety is fantastic, deserts are pretty tasty, and the staff is super friendly!. . My husband and I would go at least once a month and told all our friends about it.  We tried other buffets, including the boasted Rio, but none of them were as good as the M.. . The wait can be a bit much so try to get there early!
The M's Studio B Buffet is still a favorite of mine! On my last visit, we were able to just barely make it for the weekday lunch price of $15.99! Woot! (note: lunch ends at 2:30. if you're coming from LA, be sure to head out by 9!). . The food did not disappoint. As always, I tried to have a little of everything and was pleasantly surprised to find Pancit on the menu! For those that don't know, Pancit is a Filipino noodle dish often served at parties or large get togethers. I generally make a rule to not eat Pancit unless it's home-cooked, but I took a chance with Studio B. Verdict? Not as good as my mother's, but definitely better than any I've had from Filipino restaurants!. . Again, I had to take advantage of the all you can drink! The house cider continues to be the best ciders I have ever had. It is just the right level of sweet and the best buzz for the buck!
Excellent buffet! Worth the 10 min drive from the strip!!! Mmmmmmmm :)
This has become our favorite buffet in Vegas, edging out Spice Market and maybe even Bellagio.. The choice is amazing- German, Indian, Greek, Japanese and many Southern foods like sweet potatoes and ribs.  But the very best selection is at the dessert bar. A big selection of gelatos, and mini desserts like chocolate souffle, creme brulee, parfaits and tiny pies!  Well worth the drive.
MY FAVORITE BUFFET IN VEGAS!!!. . Unlimited moscato and mimosas! :) & a great selection of foood. I love their ribs and seafood. Usually in my first round, I have to get a plate of just crab legs and melted butter and then another plate full of the other yummy goodies!! The crab legs are bomb!!!! Heaven on earth.
Been trying to look up "M Buffet" on yelp and couldn't find it. I guess it's actually called the Studio B Buffet in the M Resort!. . Amazing venue! It's totally off the strip but totally worth the drive! Probably one of the best if not the best buffet deal in Sin City! About $37 for all you can eat oysters, prime ribs, beer & wine, and more?! Hell yeah!. . What blew my mind was... guess what, they had Chinese styled bokchoy. MY FAVORITE. And it was delicious! Of course, if you want to get your money's worth. ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS go for the meat and seafood. I had about 3 plates filled with raw oysters and others with ham and prime ribs.. . Ease it on the tater tots! I know they're heavenly but you need to save space! I'm not much of an alcohol fiend so I stayed away from the unlimited beer and wine. On the other hand, all my guy friends went nuts. . . And their gelato bar? Can I get a scoop of.... vanilla, almond, coffee, strawberry, chocolate, and Oreo's?? Yes, ALL AT ONCE. . . Oh and don't forget the cream puffs!
Strip buffets have really gone downhill over the years..  but off the strip @ the M is a different story.   I always make sure to be hungry on my drive home so I can stop here to eat!  Gamble a little and you can get a monthly mailer that should give you 2 line passes each month, very valuable during peak times... just read some of the reviews to see the kind of wait some people are enduring to eat here.  Normally I'd insert a joke about anyone waiting that long to eat a buffet, but not here.
Let's keep this short & sweet. Hands down my FAVORITE buffet in Vegas thus far & let's just say..this fatty has been to quite a few. The only thing I wished was that it wasn't 10 miles off the strip :( . . Like all other reviewers have stated..there's practically eveything you could wish for here. From fresh crab legs to probably one of the best prime rib I've ever had to the best tasting/assortment of desserts and unlimited alcohol..seriously, what more could you really ask for?? . . The wait time can range from 30 minutes to 2 hours depending on how busy the weekend is. I've waited 2 hours for this buffet in the past and although my legs and back were aching from standing in line, I can definitely say it was well worth the wait. . . Price seems a bit steep but considering they offer fresh seasfood, a vast assortment of good quality meats, and impeccable service, the price is right in my opinion.. . With tax, the best $36.74 I have ever spent/will spend on my past and future Vegas trips to come :) You will not be disappointed!
Quite possibly the best buffet I've ever been too. On our friends recommendation we stopped by the Studio B Buffet on our way back home from Vegas. I was a bit taken back by the price of their Sunday morning buffet price $36 but now I see that its very much worth the price. They have a great amount of items to choose from. Their Clam Chowder and Lobster Bisque soups are fantastic. . . Freshly cooked egg's just order what you want, great tasting pizza, veggies spring rolls, fresh fruit, steak cooked to order, etc.. etc.. such a fantastic place! They have Beer on tap and Wine. Their large assortment of desserts is impressive and its hard to just eat one of their coconut macaroons! I was a kid in a candy store and I was loving it.
I dunno - do you like extraordinary taste served in individual dishes? authentic spices? extreeme variety? endless line of choice? free beer and wine? unique meats and vegetables? the ethnic dishes actually tast ethnic! everything super fresh? i live and eat in las vegas and this is the best buffet EVER!!!!. . Price is a little bit less than other strip buffets tho its not cheap. but worth it really really worth it - you leave feeling like you've had an experience and that your meal might even have been healthy.......
Nough said!!! The best!!!
All you can eat and drink- best buffet in Vegas? I think so! The line moved pretty quickly and we were seated promptly. The service and the wide variety of food was amazing with unlimited lobster tails, fresh crab legs and gelato. Definitely a must-go whenever I visit Vegas.
My FAVORITE buffet in Vegas ... and it's not even on the strip!!. . You know that random buildling about 10 miles from the strip that looks like it's out of place? YUP, welcome to the M resort! Before coming here, I've heard some pretty amazing things about this place and my friends and I FINALLY got off our lazy butts and drove here. BOY WAS IT WORTH IT. . . First, UNLIMITED and PAID FOR (included in the buffet price) amount of champagne and crab and lobster?!?! Uhhh, YES PLEASE. Second, the food variety here is AMAZING. This was pricey - $50/60 per person - but it is REALLY really worth it. Come on ... unlimited portions of these?! Score! We literally stayed here for about 2-3 hours just eating mounds of seafood and drinking glasses of champagne and mimosas over and over. NOM. . . Like I said, the other food choices are also extremely delicious. I LOVED the quinoa (my new favorite food!) and veggies. Everything was extremely fresh and the line for the seafood was actually NOT long. We were lucky to not wait in line since our friends held the table for us, but the line seemed a bit long ... though it looked like it was moving pretty fast. . . This buffet is spacious and able to hold LARGE parties - we had a party of about 10-12 and we just scooted tables together with no complaints. . . I'm pretty much in love with this place ... but WHY does it have to be so far from the strip!? :( It really is the only inconvenience ... but I guess if you're a gambler, the casino is pretty nice. So after you've stuffed yourself silly, go ahead ... gamble! We actually came up about $100 when we stopped by. Try your luck ;)
This place is loved amongst the locals!  We came here today to celebrate the arrival of a new lead and the departure of another.  I've been here many times and love this buffet.  I honestly have a love-hate relationship with buffets.  Always love going there, but hate the way I feel when I'mdone LOL.  . . This place in particular has such an amazing array of food.  From Italian, to Southern, Mexican, Asian and Hawaiian Local.  This place has it all.  Now I'm not going to list all the foods I've tried today, but I will list the ones I really enjoyed:. . DRINKS:. . You probably know they offer free alcohol.  They have wine and beer.  My new favorite is the alcohol cider they offer on draft.  Very sweet with a kick!. . In the dessert line you can get a cappuccino.  I added Brady's Irish Cream today and I wasn't disappointed!. . . FOOD:. . Braised short ribs- boneless chunks of beef with veggies.  So tender!. . Kalbi- Marinated Korean short ribs.  Super flavorful and savory.. . Fried tofu and eggplant in black bean sauce-  The tofu has a lot of texture and the black bean sauce was thick and perfectly salty.. . Fried pollock- great fish and chip style.  Beer battered and delicious. . Tomatoe and mozzarella salad- small cherry tomatoes and mozz balls with herbs and oil.  Need I say more?!. . Oxtail Soup-  Always a must!  Oxtail is tender and the soup is packed with flavor and ON POINT!. . Carved Tri Tip-  My favorite is always the end pieces.  Crusted with salt and pepper.  Super marbleized and my fave!. . DESSERTS:. . EVERYTHING!  The crepes, bread pudding, chocolate souffle, creme brulee, gelato, cheesecake, pies and other desserts.  IT'S ALL GOOD!!. . I definitely might suggest finding a VIP friend.  The lines get really long.  Fortunately the wait isn't very long.  All in all, this place is super down to earth.  It's on Las Vegas Blvd, but NO WHERE near the strip.  This buffet offers a little bit of everything and us locals continue to rave about the atmosphere and value.  If you're ever in the St. Rose-Southern Highlands area, be sure to check out this treasure!
Back and back, over and over... I LOVE STUDIO B!. . Every single time a Vegas trip happens, this buffet is a MUST for my friends and I.  We almost barely didn't make it either... with our good pal Patrick H. feeling uneasy from the night before, but we were absolutely determined to make the lunch buffet special before driving back to LA.. . Hands down my favorite buffet in Vegas, for many reasons.  Bear with me as I try to list all the reasons why my heart belongs to Studio B Buffet, and try not to growl in hunger too much as I am about to writing this.. . For one, The M is a wonderful casino.  Its got a beautiful atmosphere, a nice pool to lay in, and a divine wine cellar for those enthusiasts.  Because it is not on the strip, you will find it less crowded and can be rewarding to those seeking a more relaxing holiday.. . Now, back to the buffet.  This buffet is SUPERB!  They have many specials throughout the year, such as a summer brunch special with mimosas included!  Definitely come here for lunch, as you pay upon arrival into the buffet.  With no time limit, it is very doable to stay for dinner when more seafood and meat options come out.  Even then, lunch is absolutely worth it, for only around $20 you can get so much amazing food.. . The restaurant is laid out in a variety of stations.  On the far left, you got the International cuisine section, with lots of Chinese, Japanese, and even Filipino options to enjoy.  There is a sashimi salad that has plenty of salmon and tuna, as well as nigiri and basic rolls.  Following that, you have whole-hearted foods such as mashed potato, greens, and plenty of chicken.  It's like a Thanksgiving feast everyday here.. . The BBQ ribs here are delicious, and the tri-tip that is personally cut for you is oozing with flavor.  You can also request for them to cut it on the side which the meat is done to your liking.  After that, you have the salad and sandwich bar, and then comes the SEAFOOD.  Tons of clams, mussels, fresh shrimp and king crab legs!  Take advantage of this part especially, as everything in the seafood section is delicious.  Ow... I think my stomach just growled.. . Studio B also has complimentary drinks, including BOOZE!  The cider is a definite must!  Just be sure to tip at least a $1 for the friendly bartender when you get a drink.  For those youngins, make sure to bring your ID because your sexy selves will be carded.  For those nondrinkers, soft drinks and plenty of water are available through your server.. . To finish your meal, go grab a dessert or two.  Cookies, cakes, and gelato ice cream are laid out for you to take.  You can even take one dessert out with you after you finish your meal.. . The service here is GREAT.  Our server was SO nice to us, especially to our hungover friend.  She was suggesting specific things to eat to quell the hangover, as well as constantly refilling our waters and drinks to make sure he stay hydrated.  Thank you so much!. . Wow... clearly I miss this buffet, and can't wait to go back soon during my next Vegas trip!
BEST PLACE EVER! the only thing that sucks is that it's off the strip. Food was AWESOME! super duper good! ALL YOU CAN DRINK?! They have coors, root beer on draft, hard cider, champagne, red wine, chardonnay, sweet wine, and warfensteiner.. . SCCOOOP THE CONE! Lots of ICE CREAM! i should have saved room for MORE ice cream, but I just drank a TON of boooooze.. . WILL GO AGAIN FOR SURE!
Best buffet in Vegas, hands down!!! . . Two words... CRAB LEGS!!!. . Always make it the last stop of your trip before you go home. I promise it won't upset.
Our family's fave every weekend! Love their lobsters and crab legs! Best buffet we've had so far. Since we do not eat pork, the cook prepare a plate of macaroni & cheese without ham. Thanks!! That was awesome!! We appreciate it!
Living here, this is one of the best buffets I have experienced.  The bonus, all you can drink beer and wine.  Food selection is wonderful, from crab legs (hot or cold), to prime rib.  Overrall, I love the selection they have to offer.  I haven't experienced anything bad here.  Service is wonder and the seating area is great.  I requested a strip view of the strip for my gf to enjoy.  It made the night perfect.  Pricing is decent for a place to offer unlimited alcohol.  Dessert here is a good one,  most of their desserts are shot cup sizes and the ice cream is very delicious.  . . Only downside, is the drive here.  Pretty crappy for since Gas is almost $4.. Better bring your A game and sweat pants!And if you are a drinker, get a DD or pay for a room at the M.
Delicious Food, Friendly Servers, Fave server, MO,Jack, Eric & Justin.
Absolutely the best buffet in vegas.  There is no other buffet any better anywhere. this is the only one I'm willing to go to in Vegas.
$10.99 for breakfast. Unlimited steak and eggs, chile relleno, omelets, biscuits and gravy, fruit and pastries. All cooked to perfection and VERY flavorful.. I stayed long enough to see what they had for lunch. There was crawfish, seafood paella , rotisserie chicken..... BEST Vegas buffet ever!
The BEST buffet ~ well worth it !!!
Best seafood buffet in Vegas... amazing crab.... truly... once you tried those crab in Mresort..... those buffets on the strip will be ...... nothing to your taste bulb..... . unlimited wine, beer....everything...... . . crab comes in cold and hot .... repeat... try their seafood buffet
Always worth the wait, which can be long.  Way off the strip, at the M Casino.  I like the weekday lunch, around $16/person for 200+ dishes and unlimited drinks that include beer or wine.  Some meat dishes are slightly underflavored, but great seection. Deserts are awesome, especially gelato and creme brulee.  Just make sure to come with an empty stomach and plenty of time to try a bit of everything.
This buffet blows all Vegas buffets out of the water! The price and variety of food is a lot better then your typical buffets. I have tried Wynn and Bellagio and they are nothing compared to Studio B Buffet.. . I heard from a couple people that this buffet was spectacular but I never thought that I would drive out of my way from the strip to eat here. But this past weekend as my bf and I were heading back home from Vegas we decided to make a detour and grab dinner here. The line was really long but they seat you pretty quickly if you have a small party. Some people are quite picky when it comes to buffets, but there's really something for every one at the Studio B buffet. The variety of food is endless, they have sushi, sashimi, crab legs, oysters, crawfish, shrimp, prime rib, turkey, etc. The dessert area was also phenomenal. I especially loved the gelato! There were about 10 different flavors you can chose from!
Best meal so far.  Beautiful Casino. M
A-Ma-Zing.  . . I could really just stop there and it would cover it all.  But, I think people would be happier with some details.  I went there Friday 6/1 for dinner with my husband and teenage daughter to celebrate hubby's birthday.  I'd read a lot of great reviews of Studio B and we wanted something a little upscale - food-quality-wise.  We were not disappointed.. . Initially, things did not start well.  We paid almost immediately and then had to stand in line for 15 minutes or so to be seated.  15 minutes is not that long, but we'd already paid, so it was more irritating than anything else.  But, we were seated at a lovely table near the bar, which please my husband immensely and he mostly forgot about the wait.. . We made a quick stop at the bar to take advantage of the included beer/wine.  I was really surprised to see that there were a number of options, including a raspberry cider and a draft rootbeer.  My husband had some sort of microbrew lager, and I had the cider.  It was crisp and refreshing and very tasty.  . . Ok, but the food... that's the big thing... It was almost unending in quantity and variety.  There were 6-8 carving stations with Prime rib, ribs, turkey, chicken, etc in addition to hundreds of buffet offerings.  It was not laid out as well as some buffets I've been to, it seemed that most of it was thematic, but there were things mixed in everywhere.. . The selling point of the buffet is the weekend seafood.  No question about it.  And they lived up to the hype.  I personally ate hot crab legs, shrimp, mussels, some fish & chips (that was soggy) and some calamari.  There was also crayfish, dozens of varieties of shellfish and fish dishes.  Additionally, we loved the gnocchi and bacon dish, the mac and cheese, the pad Thai, miso soup and the tomato and mozzarella salad (I think they make their own cheese).  We sampled a variety of desserts and we happy with everything - I loved the gelato.  . . In all, this was fantastic.  When you took the drinks into account (2 each for hubby and I), the $30 price tag per person is not unreasonable by any means.  The food was hot and tasty.  We won't be going back often because of the price, but I know we'll go back.
Before I entered this buffet I heard all the hype  "its on top buffet in Vegas".  "it's not the regular old buffet". I can tell you I know my way around. A buffet. And making a buffet special is hard because it's usually quantity. Over quality. To make a long story short. It's a MUST to any person who loves . Buffets but more important it's a place to convert the buffet non- believers.. If it's not the best It will do till I find better.
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =. . Wow, wait 'til you try THIS Buffet!  To get here, you whip down the "15" about 20 minutes from the Strip in Vegas.  Once here, you enter a gorgeous hotel-casino, & search out Studio B Buffet where you'll be treated to about 250 (!) items of terrific food, plus sauces & dressings, in a gorgeous, up to date atmosphere.. . From my start with Manhattan Clam Chowder (of 6 soups) to the terrific Creme brulee & Pistachio Nut Gelato desserts, this Buffet was just terrific, & also $6 underpriced at $15.99 including beer, wine, & soft drinks!     :-))
I was born and raised a buffet fiend.  I've been to a ridiculous amount of buffets throughout my almost three decades of life...Studio B is my absolute favorite of all time.. . I've been to Studio B more than ten times and I swear, it never gets old for me.  Here's the thing though...I've never paid full price here (because price tends to take on a big role in distorting my opinion and discourages my generous star ratings).  Call me cheap, heck, I'll call MYSELF cheap, but I ain't paying over $25 for a buffet...that's a hard limit for me.  So, we go when and ONLY when we have our handy dandy BOGO deals that the Rewards Card people send out.. . Ok, so we've established price is not my favorite thing about this place, let's just get the other unpleasantry out of the way...the amazingly ridiculous line that you often have to wait in.  Waiting in line to eat has to be one of the most miserable things EVER so, that being said, try to prepare yourself (we've waited for at least an hour and a half on one occassion).. . I've been for breakfast once, but I'm not a breakfast person and enjoy the lunch and dinner buffets quite a bit more, so this review is sort of geared more toward those two.  For starters, the place is big, bright, beautiful and pretty modern-looking.  It never looks dirty even though it's constantly crowded.  Also, the servers here are some of the NICEST and fastest people I've come across in the big booming buffet industry.. . Now, to the food...I always start with their sushi-type rolls, Hawaiian poke and the lomi lomi (salmon) -- this fills my plate.  My second plate is MORE lomi lomi and all the Asian food I can pile onto my plate.  If there are crab legs, those are next.  I also appreciate the Mediterranean, Mexican, Seafood and soul food.. . After I've decided I can't stuff anymore lomi lomi mixed with other foods into my belly, I head over to the dessert section and go straight to the tiramisu.  I grab a few cookies, crepes if they're making them, mini souffle, gelato (to wash down the souffle), and a fresh to order cappuccino.. . While all of this strategic eating is taking place, I'm also usually helping myself to the complimentary (well, included...) beer and wine.  I like the M Cider too :) Yum.  Gosh, I'm so hungry right now...
hmm... I'd say this is one of the top 2 buffets in Vegas next to Wynn. It's too bad it's like a 10 mile drive off the strip.
Studio B is amazing! The weekday buffet is allot cheaper and very tasty and the Friday-Sunday buffet is out of this world! It is a little expensive (thirty something for Friday and Sunday and Saturday is 45 I think because of the lobster addition) .    Studio B also has the BEST customer service around. It's well worth the wait in line.. . .  Also if you gamble semi frequently they send out monthly deals, someone's buy one get one :)
Best valued buffet in Vegas, IMO. Better than those other mediocre-tasting, overpriced buffets on the Strip!. . It's best to come early or when it isn't rush hour or else you will have to wait, and it sucks waiting. Go to dinner for seafood galore.  . . My favorite section is, of course, the desserts! They are all one-to-two bite sizes, which is perfect for sampling ALL OF THEM. And yeah, there's all you can drink beer and cider, too. Great for newly-turned 21 babies who want to taste everything. Haha.
First visit but not the last.  Great value for the quality and variety of food. Everything tasted wonderful.  Desserts are wonderful.  Lunch line was long but it moves fairly quickly and so worth the wait.
Easily the best buffet in Vegas that we have tried.  By far.. . It is totally worth the drive from the strip.  The price is amazing and the selection is incredible.  Everything from sushi rolls to Chinese food to an amazing sweet potato dish. . . What really sets them apart is that you have unlimited beer and wine included in the already very reasonable priced entry fee.  On top of that, unlimited cappucino and esspresso! . . We were truly impressed!
I had friends in town they wanted too go M buffet. I know not name name but always used too calling it. Lol! Buffets not often frequent them but of all buffets believe this is the best one in town. The diversity is quite amazing from the craving stations, asian section, cold salads, little sushi of maki and hand rolls, american foods, italian foods, and desserts section very unique too buffets. Now the standard buffet just about universal terms it all broken down too ethnic stations and then salads/cold items and desserts. I feel makes this stand above all others is the size. It snakes all around one side of the restaurant. Every station is filled with different items too choose from so most part not think anyone finding something eat. The all you can drink beer or wine something never see any other buffet. Certain days they have seafood day the day I went with friends visiting out of town. You know the day because not only is it hell of busy but the line for the crab legs cold or hot can be ridiculous. They put out whole tray then four or five people later its gone end up waiting again. Still worth the wait. The dessert section another part that stands out. Sure they have normal small petite fours of desserts on plates, also have whole gelato section have over ten flavors choose from, and even do mocha or cappucino order. The restaurant ambience if nice not feel like buffet little more upscale feeling too it. The price is normal for any dinner buffet compared too the strip. The only downfall is M property not near the strip but great property and worth the drive..
Studio B is probably the best buffet you will get in Vegas. The only downside is it's location. Studio B is located in the M resort which is off the strip, so if you didn't drive to Vegas, it's a little too out of the way. . . For dinner they serve a ton of crab legs and a variety of steak selections. Oh, and did I mention the UNLIMITED ALCOHOL?! That is probablythe best part, so do not hesitate to drink up! They serve a few beers, wines and my favorite is their M Resort cider. It's so light and crisp and refreshing!! It goes great with the meal. . . The quality of food here is way better than the other buffets on the strip. They have a pretty good "international" variety and a very extensive salad bar. The Studio B dessert bar is too amazing! Make sure you save half your stomach for dessert because when you get around to it, you're gonna wish you did! They serve so many of those cute little dessert cups and cakes. Their gelato has the best flavors and consistency!!! I wish I saved enough room to try every flavor....and every kind of dessert. . . If you go to Studio B for dinner, do not expect  to go out later that night. You won't be able to fit into your dress clothes after binge-eating all the delicious food but you'll probably lapse into a food coma before you can make any plans for after dinner!
I love everything about this buffet :O Clean, big, and delicious food. This is my go-to place when I am having a celebration. Though it is a bit pricey, its all worth it in the end.
Best buffet in Henderson or Vegas. Only negative is it's quite a long ways away from the strip.. . Literally everything at this buffet blows away any other buffet you've been to. Don't argue, just go with it...The pizza is better. The salad is fresher. The chicken is juicier. They have sushi, Chinese, Mexican, American, etc etc etc. You name it, they probably have it. What I appreciate is that on Seafood night they have big, juicy crab legs. A good 5-6 plates of those and I'm good to go. Prices have gone up on the Seafood buffet recently to $39, which is a bit steep IMO, but know that you're getting great quality food for the extra $10-15 you would normally pay. I'd be remiss if I didn't mention to spectacular dessert section of the buffet. Awesome isn't a strong enough word to express my love for it. Everything is made fresh - I even got warm chocolate chip cookies. Ice Cream is delicious. The little candies they offer are really good as well. . . Don't forget the unlimited beer & wine - so if you plan on drinking like a champ, you might as well eat like one too. . . Gamble a little and enjoy the 2 for 1 offers they send.
Studio B does it again.  Always my favorite buffet.  went there for seafood night. crab legs were fantastic! I love that they cut away half the shell so you don't have to crack it and get your hands all messy. You gotta go if you're in vegas. yes it's off the strip, but if you like food, make the trip.
This is the best buffet in vegas!!! It's a little while off the strip but definitely worth the drive. I think it's about $40 but if you play enough at the tables they'll comp you. Everything's good, but I usually go for the seafood and meat. Crab legs, shrimp, oysters, sushi, prime rib, are my faves. The dessert bar is AMAZING cookies brownies mini cakes creme brule, pudding, cheesecake, sorbet they have everything!!! AND free beer and cider. The lines are usually pretty long so get there early.
This is definitely the best buffet around. The quality is amazing, and I've never seen more choices anywhere else! If you follow the buffet counter, it just keeps going and going and no repeats! I don't even like beef, but I saw my friend's beautiful cut of prime rib and I ended up eating 2 slices! So juicy and tender, and not all fat! I also thought their crab legs were better than other buffets. They were more meaty and not soggy. The food was definitely top quality, but dessert was by far the most exciting for me! The day before I had dinner at Wicked Spoon, and out of all the dessert choices I took, I only took one bite of everything and had seven scoops of gelato. At Studio B Buffet, EVERYTHING tasted delicious! I don't normally like apple pie, let alone finish a whole slice, but I took a bite from my boyfriend's plate and immediately gobbled it up completely. Their flan and crepes were also legit. From fruit tarts to eclairs to custard puffs, everything was delicious! I haven't even gotten to the gelato yet! I like that they have cones rather than the waffle cups served at Wicked Spoon. It's a lot easier to take out after you've stuffed yourself silly. I really think they have the best strawberry gelato. Not the strawberry tart one, but creamy one. Too bad it doesn't get as much love since it's about 10 miles from the strip, but it's definitely on the way back home, and we never miss it!!
Good Lord. This is by far the best buffet I've ever been to, especially for its price. This buffet blows all the other buffets in Vegas out of the water. It's unfortunate that it's so far from the strip, but it would probably ALWAYS be busy if it was smack dab in the middle. . . The buffet itself is quite large and the decor is modern. There's very few things that it's lacking. They have all kinds of food: Chinese, Mexican, American, Indian, Filipino, etc. There's a plethora of sushi, seafood, breakfast items, meats, soups, salads, you name it. What impressed me was unlimited alcohol you can get too. The dessert bar is pretty impressive as well and they also offer gelato, which I'm a sucker for. . . All I know is that every time I come here I can't help but want to eat everything and I find myself in a food coma afterwards. If you haven't been to this buffet, it's worth the drive.
Amazing! Lunch time was only 15 bucks and the food is oh so good! Will be back often. and all you can drink beer and wine!! better have a big stomach! lol
I give this 5 stars because it was the best buffet I've been to.  Easily better than Le Village at the Paris and the other buffets on the strip.. . Tons of food options, best sweet potatoes I've ever had, really good stuff.  I will definitely be back on a much emptier stomach.. . The other highlight item for me was the BBQ ribs.  I couldn't believe it.  I am a BBQ nutbag and these ribs were some of the best I've had.  Meaty, moist and delicious.. . The kicker is that you get unlimited beer and wine with your meal.  That is something you have to pay up for at other buffets.  This is a MUST for your Vegas trip.
Crab legs... Just GIANT crab legs. Already cut in 1/2 for you so all you need to do is munch away happily with no effort. I thought this was very considerate since I have heard stories of the difficulty of eating crab.. . Lobster bisque (I am actually salivating while thinking of it) was so rich and creamy and delicious. Because we were living large we were dipping our coconut shrimp into the soup. (Is bisque considered a soup?) All you can eat... Thank you Las Vegas, my life is complete now. You can keep everything else. The shows, booze, and whatever else and I will just keep this buffet.. . I didn't JUST have the legs and bisque! There were a lot of other things to try, which I did for better or worse(just better). I ate a couple oysters (a first for me) ... it was like eating a piece of a tongue. Very good if you add lemon! Very weird because of texture... I also tried mussels! That was surprisingly good. Tried a few other things but I do want to say that regardless if I liked it or not (I did), everything was very fresh!. . I barley had any dessert. I didn't want to waste space with all the other yummy sea food around. Still, what little I tried it was very yummy.. . Yes, the wine and beer were included in the price you pay for the buffet. Didn't partake though since I am in-fact lame. Trust me, if it was a good day for me I would have been drinking as much beer as my tiny body could hold. Needed the room though for the food. It is $43.00 per person after all.. . Had to keep the eyes on the prize.
Had alarge dinner party here on 7/20/12. I reserved their private room (inside the buffet) for $250 + per person charge and had a large group of 35 people.  I didn't get any discount but that was ok. Love our server, didn't remember his name, he was on top of service.  Their large, very large 200 item buffet was awesome.  The prime rib was just right and the thin NY Steak, which I thought might be chewy but it was tender.  I love that they have a large selection of food items and the people behind those counters are great. My daughter wanted plain corn on the cobb, I didn't see any and a guy behind the counter ask me to wait a few mins and he'll grab it when it comes out, it was for a different dish but he took it before they mixed corn in with the other dishes.  That is awesome service.. . An added touch is that they also offer alcohol, wine and beer (included in the price). It may not be top notch (wasn't sure, I didn't drink it), but my uncles and husband kept coming back for more booze. . . Their dessert menu was a nice selection and...they offer sugarfree. I'm diabetic so who knew I would see this.  With reserving the private room, we didn't have to stand in the long lines.  I really enjoyed this buffet and so did my family, they want to come back again.
Just a warning, the line is long so PREPARE to wait. I've been to this Buffet 2x, once with family and this afternoon with my boo. $15 for lunch and it was worth the wait and the price. I give props to this buffet for it's Asian cuisine; they're the only buffet to offer Filipino food- and they cook it WELL. THE PANCIT IS BOMB! You also have to try their oxtail soup, green curry, red curry, egg salad, and all the protein from their carving stations! Don't forget to save room for the desserts- nougat GELATO w/ a waffle cone, macaroons, CHOCOLATE RICE KRISPIES?! Can't wait to go back! This time I'm taking advantage of the unlimited beer and wine (didn't know they offered that).
First, note that the seafood is only offered for brunch & dinner on weekends.. . It is $39.99  (not including tax+tip) and well worth the price. . . 1) The seafood alone makes it worth it. All you can eat crab legs, osyters on the half shell, shrimp cocktail, mussels, crawfish. IN ADDITION TO all the food you can find at a normal vegas buffet, including a pretty good sushi selection and sashimi salads. . . 2) the crab is already cut in half for you so the most annoying part of eating crab is no longer an issue. . . 3) on the same note, the shrimp is also peeled for you. Equally amazing. Might I recommend using a soup bowl to hold the cocktail sauce? . . 4) Beer and wine included in the price. The house cider is delicious! . . 5) Pretty good dessert including crembrulee and gelato. Although I would like to argue that the gelato is more like ice cream. . 6) At the dessert line you can order espresso and coffee drinks. . . ** There is a free shuttle from Fashion Valley Mall (by the palm trees next to Forever 21) that takes you to the M Resort. It leaves every 4 hours and you can check the schedule online ** . . To put it simply, Studio B needs to be on your to-do list in Vegas.
Great food and service. Drinks included big plus! Cider highly recommend.
Awesome
If you have been to 3 or 4 buffets in Vegas, chances are, you see the same food all the time. everyone has a good variety, but it is pretty much the same fare at most casino buffets. what strikes me about Studio B is that it is a great variety of food, but also they have a lot of choices that you do not see at many buffets. . . First and foremost, they have a huge selection of different salads. and I do not mean your regular lettuce, with dressing and croutons etc. they had stuff like fajita salad, greek salad, and a different take on popular ones like chicken salad and macaroni. . . Some of the highlights were the salmon with pesto cream sauce. Very impressed, that alone could have been a great entree alone, partner that up with any of the two sides they offered there, and you have a great dish. Their tri-tip was great, and so was the shui fish caponata. They also offered a section for hawaiian bbq. which i was pleasantly surprised since i am a huge fan of that. they had beef short ribs, and oxtail soup. I was happy to see, a Gnocchi with bacon and peas dish. They did have chicken marsala, which I steered away from, I think that dish should not be prepared on a buffet line, it's best when served fresh from the stove. . . On to the desserts, the big winner here was their pudding shooters, pistachio and raspberry to be exact, they hit it big here. Their cheesecake, ehh i had better.  Creme brulee was fantastic.  And I decided to go with gelato, which i usually do not. I am glad I  did, because the Nougat gelato was a great finish to the meal, . . Ovderall, the Review Journal, was right. Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it. You will leave satisfied. 15.99$ for lunch, and 23.99$ for dinner, both come with your choice of beer or wine, AT NO EXTRA COST. You can't beat that.
Studio B at the M is hands down the best buffet in town! They have a wide array of food selections that will surely please everyone including picky eaters - there's something for everyone. American, Asian, Italian, Soul food...you name it and they'll pretty much have it. It's quantity that doesn't sacrifice quality. Steaks aren't sitting under warming lamps for hours until they get dry and rubbery. Sushi runs out fast so they whip up a new batch every 5 minutes. The variety is pleasantly overwhelming - you'll almost feel encouraged to try every single thing you see (which I've done) even food you won't normally eat.. . The line gets extremely long so you have to get here at an odd time. Otherwise, you'll be standing in line for hours and I'm not kidding!
To sum it up, all you can drink and eat, doesn't really get better then this!. . So after a bad first impression, thanks to a rude hostess and the ridiculously unorganized mess they call a line, I have to admit I was thoroughly impressed. This is a very big buffet with a great selection and very good quality. What really impressed me though was all the other stuff you don't usually expect as included in your buffet experience. Of particular was the barista and the open bar both being included in the price, which really makes the buffet experience a lot more fun.
Best seafood buffet!!
This is hands-down the Best Buffet in Vegas!  On weekends--Friday Saturday and Sunday--Studio B has a Seafood Buffet, and for the same price that you're paying for The Buffet at The Wynn ($43 with tax on weekend), you get much, much more value.. . Why is Studio B better than The Buffet at The Wynn?  Here's a few reasons why:. . - Quality is much better than the Wynn buffet.  Overall, the meat & food quality is better at Studio B.. . - More Variety: Studio B has a much more variety of dishes for you to choose from.. . - Unlimited Beer & Wine: yep, one of the things I love about this place is that they serve unlimited All-You-Can-Drink beer & wine as part of your buffet meal that you've already paid for.  At the Wynn buffet, you'll have to buy beer or wine separately.. . . The thing I love most of about this buffet is that they have raw oysters.  (see photo)  Yum...unlimited raw oysters!  I must have had over 35 raw oysters, which could have easily costed me $50 right there.  The oysters, however, weren't as fresh as I'd like them to be.  They come out somewhat fresh...but at least fresh enough to be good to eat.  But you'll have to pick them out individually from the buffet tray.  Add a nice squeeze of lemon and maybe a touch of cocktail sauce and you should be good.  It's still good, and above all a great value for what you're paying.. . I also had Alaskan Crab Legs, which was very good. (see photo)  The hot butter sauce here has a nice little touch of sweetness to it that complements crab legs and brings out the taste of meat pretty well.  The slightly sweeter sauce is much better than the sauce at the Wynn buffet, which is just plain butter sauce.  The Alaskan Crab Legs quality was about the same here at Studio B and The Buffet at The Wynn.. . We also picked up a plate of Crawfish (see photo).  I'd have to say that this was my only disappointment.  The Crawfish, unfortunately, wasn't fresh.  Instead, it was frozen.  It definitely makes a big difference in taste, but I can't really complain for the price I'm paying for this buffet and for what I'm already getting.  I guess we'll stick to The Boiling Crab in So Cal for crawfish.  So far that's the best place for it (as far as I know).. . The Prime Rib was good as well.  The meat quality at Studio B seems to be a little better than the meat quality at The Buffet (at The Wynn).  The meat is more moist and juicy.  The prime rib I had at The Buffet seemed a slightly dry.  It was still ok, but it was a little dryer than Studio B's prime rib.. . . Everything else here was great!  They have such a great variety of food here, and the quality of everything is also great!  You really do get a good bang out of your buck here at Studio B, and I'd recommend this place to anyone....so far, this is the overall + seafood buffet in Vegas! :)
This is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas.  The M Resort is beautiful, the food is incredible.  Always fresh, great staff.  The variety and the seafood buffet is amazing.  Not crazy expensive and wine and beer are included in the 'all you can eat' price.
For the value, you can't go wrong here. If you're a drinker, you're practically in heaven.. . On a Monday, we went for lunch and it was 15 dollars. For 15 dollars, the food quality was more than what I can ask for and they had home made cider, root beer, wine, and beer. You figure that if you drank three drinks, this will cover the cost of admission.. . Overall, this is a hidden sparkling gem in the middle of the desert. You just have to be willing to trek through the desert for the oasis.
In terms of buffets, I really don't think it gets better than this one. They know what people like at buffets and they serve a lot of it. No BS filler stuff that you see in a lot of buffets, just popular items with an emphasis on asian food.. . They serve a good Lobster Bisque. Try that.. . Quality is on par with the best of the strip buffets.
$44 for a Saturday lunch. The prime rib was unbelievable, inch-thick and juicy. Every item was fresh, so now I'm just confused as to why a great buffet was so far off from the strip...?
This is hands down my favorite Vegas buffet! I'd imagine that the basics have been well covered in the other 900+ reviews, but I just wanted to throw in my favorite items from my delicious visit! . . -Thanksgiving-y food: Forget crab legs and shrimp! This girl judges a buffet by its turkey and mashed taters, and these were scrum-diddly-umptious along with the tasty stuffing! Yum.. . -Corn Chowder: soup of the day. Very tasty!. . -Oreo Gelato: Hey, you're probably on vacation, but these are fat grams you wouldn't regret even if you aren't. So evil!. . Weekday lunch is an especially good value, but you won't find much seafood, if that's what you're after. . . The only things I think could be jazzed up a little are the music selection (odd), and the random images on the huge screens, save for the ones on either end that run Food Network. I don't like to see Paula Deen staring at me, ever. And as much as I secretly enjoy the dancing fruits and veggies, they make me giggle when intermixed with flower blossom and river scenes. Hehe.. . Overall, I want to live at this buffet and never leave!!
This buffet is the father of all buffets.  You can get as much beer/wine as you'd like?!  I was amazed!!!  Unlimited alcohol NICEEEE! Next time I'm on my way to Vegas, I'm definitely making a stop here again!  . . They also have a gelato/ice cream bar! Perfect for a sweet tooth like me! They've got curry, bbq, other various asian foods. FRESH SEAFOOD.  It doesn't compare to anywhere else.  The quality's top-notch.  . . The staff is attentive and the buffet room is so large, roomy, and clean! I love this buffet!
The buffet was the beesknees. Free unlimited on tap beer and wine? I'M DOWN. And it's cheap! For this large of a selection, $24/dinner is cheap! It's 10 miles from the main strip area of LV, but the M Hotel and Casino is pretty nicely decorated and furnished. . . The tables weren't as lucky for me, though!. . They have a wide selection of food, and there are a shit ton of desserts.
I've tried all the hi-end buffets on the strip and this is the best.  After eating here I don't want to go any where else. I live there. You would too. I only come here M-F..Weekends are $$$$$. . Free pabst , warsteiner or lite beer, on TAP!!   Also, cider, root beer on tap.  Red, rose or white CA wines. Sometimes champagne.. . Dinner has the best prime rib, Melt in your mouth quality. . . Miso, chicken soup and 3 other types. Sushi..careful with the raw salmon..I got really bad food poisoning. Threwup 10X.  Fried baby calamari, Chinese, Kahlua pork, namasu, Italian, cheese tray, middle eastern, dolmas, hummus, hi-class salads, best bleu cheese dressing, crawfish, clams, mussels, shrimp...Dessert bar is first class. . Very beautiful hotel/casino. Easy parking. The service is the best because only the friendliest get hired.  . . M resortI miss you!!
This is my favorite buffet in Vegas! Their desserts alone are worth the trip. The quality is phenomenal. All you can drink wine and beer are a bonus!
Hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas! Good quality food, clean, nice variety, friendly staff, delicious desserts, and most importantly alcohol INCLUDED. Seriously, no one can beat that for less that $16 bucks for lunch. It's a must stop for everyone who visits Las Vegas. Highly recommended.
BEST BEST BEST BUFFET I'VE EVER BEEN TO IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!. . So many selections! Everything is hot and fresh... and ohhhh so tasty! This is not the best buffet in Vegas! It's the best anywhere... and I am the queen of everything all-you-can-eat! If you're looking for a good buffet this should be the only place you consider!. . ****Beer & wine is included in the price. If you're into ciders they have their own special berry cider that is to die for!!!****
This is absolutely the BEST BEST BEST BEST buffet in Vegas!! You also get unlimited beer and wine. Their cide beer is amazing! I'm a little sad that they don't sell it elsewhere, otherwise, it'd be my favorite beer! . . If you're visiting Vegas, you MUST try this place! You won't regret it!!
What!? I, Cynthia, is writing THEE 1000th review for Studio B Buffet!?!? Oh right on!!! =). . Not much to say except great selection of foods, beer and wine included, delicious, a wide variety of gelato flavors (I always get mint n chips, pistachio, and coconut. yes..in that order.) And did I mention beer and wine is included in the buffet price for all you alcoholics? ;). . Weekday lunch is $15.99.
My favorite buffet in Vegas!  I love the food selection as well as the quality.  It's so random too! They have everything from prime rib to a nacho station to paella to crab legs.  Oh, yeah, and free beer and wine INCLUDED in the price.  The gelato is good, but I liked their tiramisu cups and chocolate souffle.  The gelato lady is also a barista!   Just ask him or her to make you something.  I got a cappuccino.  Went great with my dessert!
This is my go to buffet place when I'm in Vegas, though technically it's actually a 10 minute drive from the strip. The weekday lunch is a great time to go ($15), but if you're not able to come until the weekend, I would recommend coming to the seafood dinner too. It used to be about $25 for the weekend buffet but now it's about $30+. It's one of my favorite buffets to eat because it has a large selection of good food. They have tri-tip, baked mussels, kbbq ribs, sushi, king crab legs (only on seafood dinner), lots of salads, etc. Almost everything is really good, including their desserts (their creme brulee is delicious). The plus part is that they have unlimited beer and wine!
By far THE best buffet ever! It really is worth the 1 1/2 hour long Disneyland-like line, just come somewhat hungry so that by the time you get in you're really hungry! I had heard all kinds of stuff about this buffet and was somewhat skeptical because of the price and the fact that it's way out of the way in terms of location but the property gives a good vibe. Anyways, we got there at about 7pm and the line was just crazy, we decided to stick it out and whoa! it was worth the wait. Everything in the buffet is gourmet status, well, most things at least. My favorite item was the gnocchi, the sauce on it tasted freshly made. The table that we got had a view of the strip and apparently it is somewhat difficult to get this spot. Other than that this is one of the only places I give 5 stars to. Go there, you will not regret it!
I heard about this buffet by word of mouth from a couple of co-workers. Everyone said "You have to go eat at the M Buffet!" And oh man they were right!. . I went with my brother on a Saturday for their Seafood Brunch. We got there at about 11am and there was no line! We couldn't believe it because we were expecting to wait in in line for a Saturday. Now the Fri, Sat, and Sun buffet is more expensive because it's a seafood buffet... but it's worth it! It was $40 a person but they had more to offer seafood wise... fresh ice cold crab legs, shrimp cocktail, and oysters. I think Mon thru Thurs it's only $24.99 a person.. . The big plus ofr me of this buffett is COMPLIMENTARY BEER AND WINE! Unlimited as much as you want! Because I was driving I only had 3 beers... but my brother had 4 to 5 LOL. I stuck with Bud Light. I tried the hard cider... it was pretty good... a little sweet. it was good to have with dessert. . . The food was well all so yummy! Because we went for brunch we had both breakfast and lunch items. Some items that stood out and was super yummy was the corned beef hash, the crab legs (of course), the lobster bisque soup, and the desserts OH THE DESSERTS! The creme brule melted in my mouth! Plus a wide selection of yummy gelato!. . The service was great as well too. Our waiter was quick with clearing plates and was even chatted with us about his tattoos. . . I'm definitely going back here everytime I go to Vegas! So worth it!
This was so good the food was 5***** all you can drink wine&beer!! You have to go
Seafood! Steak! Dessert! I am in-love with this place! Every time I'm in Vegas, I always have to eat at a buffet. It's my personal tradition! Of course, I love food, so what better way to put a smile on my face than bring me to a buffet!. . I went with my two friends who have been here before. As I walked in, I felt like a little girl on her first visit to Disneyland. Maybe I'm exaggerating a little, but it was certainly a great place to eat with family and friends. They have everything for everyone from Chinese food to American food. . . I walked around to see all the selections before making my final choice for my first place. Yes, I said it..."my first plate," because you should not go to a buffet if you're only planning to eat one plate of food! Seriously, it's forbidden in my book! . . Everything here was amazing! I highly recommend to save room for dessert! They have delicious varieties of desserts that I cannot even begin to describe how I was having a hard time deciding what to eat! . . We went here on a Saturday afternoon which we paid $43 each person. I can only say is that it's worth the price! This place is further from the strip, so there was no line nor was it crowded!
IMO, probably one of the top tier buffets in LV and it's not even on the Strip!. . Prime Rib - Check!. Crab Legs - Check!. BBQ Ribs - Check!. Seafood Paella - Check!. Mounds of Oysters - Check!. Food from all over the world - Check!. Great dessert bar - Check!. Free Alcoholic LIbations - Nice bonus!. . It has almost everything a buffet connoisseur would want.  I think the only thing lacking here is the made to order food stuff.  But the quality here is high.  You get seated really quickly.  And there is a lot of food!  A lot!  The service is great as you would expect from a high class buffet in Vegas.. . Be sure to save room for dessert.  They allow you take ice cream to go as well!
Most people see Vegas buffets as a good value and consider them to be all the same. I guess those same people have never been to Studio B Kitchen at the M Hotel and Casino Resort. Not only has it been voted by Vegas locals as the best buffet in town, the quality and abundance of food is exceptionally good. Definitely better then Bellagio, Rio and Wynn. Truly the best Vegas buffet experience around. Its located 20 minutes from the Vegas strip south of I15 in Henderson. Before heading home to LA, I always make Studio B my final dining destination. . . Prices are pretty reasonable - Lunch Mon-Fri $17 and Mon-Thur Dinner $24. Weekend prices are slightly higher due to seafood buffet - dinner/brunch is $43. Unlimited beer and wine is included with seafood dinner/brunch. That's right! "Unlimited beer and wine" - no gambling involved. Service is pretty good. I've been here several times the waitress always stops by to refill our drinks and quickly clears our plates. During weekends and holidays, seating usually averages about 20-30 minutes due to it's popularity. I guess word of mouth is spreading fast.. . The Food - Everything is delicious and high quality. My recommended favorites include:. . Carving station - Prime rib, stuffed pork rack, turkey breast, tri-tip, rotisserie chicken - tender, succulent and delicious. Seafood - Oyster, crab, shrimp, paella, crawfish, seafood bouillabaisse, lobster bisque - One word "Awesome". Mac N Cheese - fabulous, gourmet quality so creamy and cheesy.. Sushi - average and sushi rice kind of dry. Crawfish - not fresh and lacks Cajun spices.. Asian Stations - kalbi short ribs, pansit (rice noodles, cabbage, carrots, chicken, soy), oxtail soup, baked mussels - authentically good!. Salads - fajita salad, Greek salad, Caesar, Asian shrimp, ahi sashimi, beet salads - excellent. Mexican - Posole (Hominy, Pork) - authentic, comforting and muy Sabroso.. . The desserts are fabulous and probably the best in Vegas. This is the only place that I know where I can fill my plate full of desserts and end up eating everything off my plate. It's incredibly good - especially cream brulee, cupcakes, tiramisu, cannoli and pistachio raspberry shooters. Italian Gilatto - mango, coconut and pistachio are definitely must try. . . . Overall - 5 star. When you go to Vegas, they say the house always win. But when it comes to buffet, Studio B is truly the best. It's the only place that I know that Lady Luck will definitely be on your side cause the food is awesome. Just keep the food and booze coming.
A buffet that's out of the hustle and bustle of the las vegas strip. My only complaint here is the chicken noodle soup is a bit salty and the clam chowder soup is anything, but that. Tater tots for the win! At least for me. Fried chicken here is very good also considering it's a buffet. Very juicy and flavorful. Most of time, fried chicken is very dry at most buffets. The ice cream here is excellent also. Very creamy especially the Oreo Cookies flavor. I think all their ice cream is gelato which probably explains why it's creamy. Definitely a buffet I would recommend if you want to go somewhere away from the hustle and bustle of the las vegas strip and it's not too far of a drive.
wow.. . REALLY good.. . The hotel itself is VERY elegant, very brand new feel, clean... I had no idea there was this sort of quality outside the strip.. . We went here on a Saturday night around 8pm. There was a small line but no biggie, I believe it was $44.99/person?. . They had A LOT of different food and it was ALL good. The waiters were very attentive.... I would definitely come back here.. . Everything was clean, the food was great, and the service was fantastic!
I heard that this buffet is yummy and good $$. it is not on the LV strip, so its cheaper and its for locals!!. . It was a $40 ride from the strip and a $40 ride back so it was 80 to get there!. . I think it was only $20/ to eat at the time..haha the ride cost more but it was worth it. YOu only go vegas a few times in your life. . What blew me away was the BEER and WINE how it is included in the price!!. . They have alot of good dishes!!! Just look around. I thought the sushi wasn't fresh though. . I still think Wynn is my all-time favorite. but studio B would be 2nd on my list!!
I love this buffet! It is better than most of the buffets in Vegas for a few reasons. First, you can get in for lunch during the week at a reasonable price--about $15 dollars if you get there prior to 2:30pm. . . In addition, the buffet selection is huge! There are so many delicious foods to try. Two of my favorite foods at Studio B included the sweet yams with marshmallows on top and the cucumber salad. . . Another great thing about this place: there is an open bar. You're welcome to drink as much as you'd like for as long as you'd like; you go up to a counter where someone is pouring drinks nonstop--help yourself. The cider wine was my favorite drink. . . Not only that, but they also were very well organized and friendly. I look forward to going back again and would like to suggest you try this place too.
My favorite Buffet in Las Vegas/Henderson area M Resort. Great Seafood,Crab,Fish,Peel and Eat Shrimp,Great Salads Bar,Dessert Bar, Free Wine And Beer Included Gotta oLve This Place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! John "Wurkin' Burkin
Amazing!! If you come here before 2:30 the price is only $15.99..unlimited beer and wine..such a great deal. Then comes the food...delicious soups...cream of mushroom my favorite!! Sushi was okay..not bad but just a little off..but the selection of other things is endless. Chicken Marsala was a stand out by far...a tender chicken breast, not the usual chewy chicken you get from buffets. The Marsala sauce was so good I put it all over my pasta.. . The dessert also good..panacatta and flan were awesome..not too much I didn't like. The sashimi salad was a little fishy but still a great place..can't wait to go again!!. . I would suggest going either early or later..not at peak times because obviously there will be a long wait.
I frequently come to Las Vegas with my parents, and we have tried several buffets.. and WOW. this is by far the best buffet that's out there. . . Pros:. - Cheap for lunch . - the seafood buffet on the weekends is AMAZING. the crabs, shrimps, oysters are very fresh. a bit pricey though ($40) . - the dessert section is huuuge! some of the things can be on the sweeter side but my favorite is the panna cotta and the creme brule. you can tell the dessert is great when there's a line inside the buffet to get to it!. - the meat selection is large and the short ribs are the die for. The prime rib is also great! tender and juicy.. - The salad section has a lot of variety. also very fresh. - best sweet mash potatoes i've ever had. the marshmallows baked on top is delicious. - Unlimited beer and wine! . . Cons: . - the hotel itself is very far from the strip. It takes us about 15-20 min by car. I would imagine the taxi ride there would be pricey as well.. - the asian food is not very good. The sushi was dry and the chow mein was over cooked. The Pad Thai was also fluorescent orange and too sweet.  (the only food I loved in the asian section was the Thai Curry). . I've been to the Studio B over 5 times and I still love it! Can't wait to go back when I visit again :)
Studio B Buffet just knocked Bellagio's buffet off my number one buffet spot.  Since it was a holiday weekend, they were having their seafood buffet for the whole day.  We stopped by on our way out of Vegas for lunch and yes, we paid the $40 a person, but it was so delicious!  Talk about food coma.  I loved that they offered the snow crab legs hot!  And their prime rib was so good.  It was juicy and cooked to the right medium.  And the plus side... unlimited beer and wine.  OMG!  I've died and gone to buffet heaven.  They have a really good selection of food.  Their dessert was like a combination of Wynn's gelato station and Bellagio's pastries.  Their fried chicken was delicious and their Asian selection even included pad Thai.  That's a first I've seen this at a buffet.  . . Overall, a great buffet with a huge selection of delectable goodness.  I'm sure to mark this buffet as a must stop on all my future Vegas trips!
Studio B aka M Buffet is the buffet spot to be at! The wait is at least an hour before you can devour yourselves in some delicious "gourmet" buffet food. . . Depending on the day you go, the prices change! I went on a Wednesday and lunch was $17.95 and lunch time is until 4pm. We got in around 3:30pm so we got to partake in the dinner for a lunch price, score!. . 5 plates later..... . Pros:. Gelato Ice Cream. Variety. Lots of Meat/Prooootein. Food for all food preferences, even the vegetarians can make their money's worth here!. . Cons:. Long Line. Price. Gets you in a food coma which makes the drive to SoCal even MORE dreadful
I cannot visit Las Vegas w/o going to Studio B Buffet at the M.  Despite the long line, my boyfriend and I ALWAYS wait.  I would suggest going for Friday dinners or any time during the weekend b/c they have the seafood buffet at these times.  At other times, it's just their regular buffet, which is ~$20 w/ tax.  The seafood buffet is ~$40 w/ tax for obvious reasons, but it's totally worth it.  . . Whenever I catch the seafood buffet, I gorge myself w/ steamed snow crab legs (which is served cold AND hot) and oysters.  A couple months ago, I remember them having crawfish, but when I visited in early January, I didn't see any crawfish -- must not be in season.  But the snow crab legs and  oysters alone are satisfactory.  They slice the snow crab legs in half, so you don't have to go through the trouble of breaking the legs -- which makes things a lot more enjoyable when you're gorging yourself.  . . Aside from the seafood, their other buffet choices are excellent.  They have wonderfully tender steak options; the salad bar is phenomenal; and their soups are delish.  My favorites are the tomato basil, lobster bisque (only served w/ the seafood buffet), and the  miso soup (which has a large variety of seaweed in it).  They also have FREE ALCOHOL. You can choose from a variety of wines and beers.  I'm not sure if they have mixed drinks, but they may add it in the future.  Last, but not least, the dessert bar is to die for b/c they literally have everything under the sun, from gelato to flan to cake to tiramisu and plenty more.  Studio B is certainly amazing!!!. . The only con I can see (aside from the long lines) is that Studio B Buffet is in the M, which is 10 miles off the strip.  So if you stay on the strip, you'd have to drive 10 miles.  This is what my boyfriend and I do: we drive in from So Cal to Las Vegas and drop by the M to eat.  Then when we drive back to California, we drop by the M again.  Everything's on the way in this case, so it minimizes inconvenience.  Hope this helps any of you coming from So Cal.
If you desire a buffet meal, you can't go wrong here! This place has everything, including wine and champagne along with an espresso bar. However, what comes with abundance, comes a price. I spent $87 for two people. It's worth it if your favorite pastime is eating. I don't fancy buffets because I never ever get monies worth, simply because I get full fast. If this is not, it really should be voted the best in Las Vegas. Salmon was amazing and the lobster was incredible!
If you have a Huge Appetite and like great food is one of the Best Buffets Las Vegas has to Offer. Please do not let the lines deter you from going.. It is totally worth your wait and while for a relaxing experience
AYCE, and AYCD [ALL-you-CAN(mothafuckin')-DRINK]. . 7-Stars ALL-AROUND! That's right, I said it. SEVEN! Even Stevie Wonder could see this place is amazing!!! How you say? Well my Yelp friend, take 2 minutes and let me describe it to you in the most tantalizing way imaginable.... . Before I divulge, let me say that I've tried the following AYCE places in LV:. -Wicked Spoon. -Buffet @ the Wynn . -The Carnival at Rio . -Planet Hollywood. and some other shitty places too, so you know I got all the credentials to review this place and you can take my word for what it's worth--- EVERYTHING!. . For starters, it's the location. If anyone knows anything about Real Estate, it's LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! What that has to do here is the fact that it's 10-12 miles off the strip, meaning away from all that Bull Shiiii, and it has more of a calm, Kumbay fuawking Yaaaa, demeanour which is a great thing!. . FOOD: The selection is ENDLESS. I went during brunch but what I saw, will astound me till this day. Seafood, chicken, fried chicken, roasted chicken, crabs, steak, prime-rib, fish, sushi, Chinese food, breakfast foods, sausage, MEAT, greens, cot damn't what more do you want! I ended up making the weirdest, most random combination plate ever. Prime-rib, tater tots, mashed potatoes, seafood, nacho cheese, Chinese food, and some other crap. On a side note, if you care there is Orange chicken here, it's just not called Orange Chicken. Instead, it's called EMPEROR MING's chicken or something like that. Do you know why it's called that? Cuz that mothafuka died cooking that shieet, so delicoius! Panda Express eat your heart out!. . DESERT: Damn what more could you want? These guys have Ice-Cream/sorbets for days! Baskin Robin's would have trouble keeping up. They also have a whole slew of pastries your inner fat-child (or literally, your fat child) can feast on. . . DRINKS: Here it is! This is what separates this place from Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan. They will serve you mimosas, wine, and beer. Crazy! I'd say it's a good selection for the price. About 5 beers on tap and some wine and you're don! Just tip a little bit you cheap bastards.... . FOR MY STAY SCHEMIN' folks:. Alright, if it seems pricey to you, then stop being cheap or go get a better job or something. If you really wanna do something a bum would do, this is what you do--- SNEAK IN. That's right I said it. SNEAK THE FUCK IN! I did a Jason Bourne on the layout of this thing and I noticed the bathroom is outside of the buffet. If I'm drinking a lot, I gotta use the restroom so they put it near the exit outside the buffet. The problem is, you gotta take the exit to use it and the exit to get back in. So if you sneak in through the exit you can walk around and get a platter or two but not a table! Stay Schemin' my friends. . . My Bad Studio B!. . REMEMBER EVERYONE, IT'S NOT SIN CITY, IF YOU DON'T SIN ON YOUR DIET AS WELL!
This review is a little late as I went on Thanksgiving.  Mom's idea.  I had never been to a buffet anywhere on a holiday and the line for this place was insane and the price was about double what I'm guessing is normal at about $50 a person.  Had we had not had her handicap sign in our possession there is no way I would have stood in that!  That being said, our entry took about ten minutes from line to being seated in what I could tell was the handicap section near the front of the entrance and close proximity to the main buffet, the dessert section and the AYCD wine and beer.  . . I don't frequent many buffets but I have to say my Mom and I really enjoyed this one.  They had the typical Thanksgiving spread in addition to sushi, beef, chicken, etc., too many items to even name or remember.  I love the dessert bar as they were on the smaller side so it felt okay to try a couple different ones.  We had a great server who was funny and attentive.  Between trips to the buffet and chatting we spent about four hours there and never felt as if we were being rushed.  Bonus, no mess to clean up at home!
over a number of years have been to a lot of buffets in Vegas including the spice market at  Planet hollywood, the one at Paris Las Vegas and the buffet at the Wynn. . . really good points:. 1) wide open space - one side has a large wall of windows. Room and buffet lines all in rounded circles. gives a sense of open ness. The spice market was in a basement/lower level with no windows. . . price - note lunch was 15.99/person plus tax. . 2) creative variety of food - I thought the variety a flavor was really good. There was quite a bit of asian but the asian was a wide variety ie filipino, chinese, japanese/sushi, thai, curries, etc. My favorite was the curry variety - I could have taken a quart to go of the green chicken curry.  My daughter said the sliders were to die for including what seemed to be a home made bun. . . 3) free beer and wine - enough said  -  i have the werewolf which was like a micro brew. yum. They also have a home style root beer on tap for the kids/teens. was also very good. . . 4) amazing  gourmet desserts- I hate when there are a lot of desserts but they are all cheap/common type. They obviously have a bakery as there were some samples of high end cakes. We had creme brulee, tiaramisu, red velvet cupcakes, mini cheesecake squares, chocolate krispie something, all super good. Also a whole freezer of gelato -looked like what we saw in Italy. . . Service and seating were okay and as to be expected in a buffet. My husband had had knee surgery so we were able to use the high roller/handicapped line which was good. . . They had some really unique salads also like a glass noodle salad, a hispanic salad with cheese and raw jalapenos, and more. . . I give them a five for not feeling closed in, free beer and awesome asian and specialty items.  And nom nom gelato - also they have free cappacino! awesome!
I am NOT a buffet fan at all. Which is why it was so easy to give this place 5 stars. I tried Bacchanal, blah. I tried Wicked Spoon, double blah. I come here, I pay half the price, I get great food, great service, huge selection, AND a wine/beer/coffee bar?! "Wait? is there an A health grade?" I secretly asked myself and sure enough, YES THERE ARE MANY!! i'd probably be here way more if I lived closer. The only thing I did not enjoy was the butternut squash soup which was like warm baby food. That is my only complaint of about 5 plates. The dessert included gelato, and creme brulee, as well as Bailey's to go in my espresso. Loved it! Can't wait to come back on a night with some crab legs!
Simply put this is the BEST buffet I have ever been to. While I don't usually care much for buffets, when I found the Studio B Buffet on Yelp it intrigued me. I have had the Bellagio buffet and the Wynn buffet, but this is hands down the best. They serve the standard cuisine types (asian, mexican, bbq, salad, pizza, dessert, seafood), but they take them to another level. The seafood is fresh, dessert extravagant, beer free, bbq done right, asian dishes full of flavor without being overly sauced up, and an awesome coffee bar to finish the meal off. If you plan on staying in Vegas, take the time to drive a little bit out of your way to the Studio B Buffet.
Uhm, yeah!  Best buffet in Vegas for the last 2yrs.  I've been to a bunch of buffets but this one tops the cake.  For the amount of people and the types of food they serve you don't feel like a bunch of pigs suckling on a sow.  It's wide and bright and clean.. . I've been here a lot but never for lunch.  I never knew it's only $16!  So worth it.  Dinner is were it's at though, steamed (hot or cold) crab legs, prime rib, roast turkey, osso bucco, cream of mushroom soup, tomato bisque.. YUM! . . But save some room for dessert cause it's actually amazing.  Enough to save room for.  When can you say.. I'll pass on that extra slice of prime rib to have some dessert?  Here.  I always get the creme brulee, the tiramisu, the chocolate mousse, the crepe, and maybe some gelato.  . . They also have open wine and fresh root beer!  . . *don't let these negative reviews steer you from trying it yourself at least once.  make your own decision.  you'll love it.
Seafood buffet is soooo good and well worth it.  The dinner buffet includes wine and beer.
If you love snow crab, oysters, prime rib, free wine & beer...then this is the place to go!. I didn't try much of the other foods because the snow crab was so deeeeelish, I didn't want to waste room on anything else! I definitely got my $40 worth! The free wine & beer was a plus and the desserts were phenomenal!. . Only downfall is that this buffet is a 15 minute drive from the strip! But well worth the drive!
Vegas withdrawals lead me to this review.. . One of the better buffets in Vegas.  So worth the money, $16 for lunch on weekdays?  Down.. . Note that on the weekend, they offer a seafood buffet that is priced at ~$40 for both brunch and dinner.  I came here one Saturday for the buffet, but skipped over to Hash House A Go Go next door after finding out it was seafood buffet and having a friend allergic to anything and everything seafood.. . The weekday lunch buffet was my first official stop of my 21st birthday extravaganza though I was still 20 at the time.  I'm so glad I was able to experience an inexpensive but very satisfying meal.. . With me at buffets, I'm not looking for variety per se, just so long as what you offer delivers.  Studio B Buffet does just that, as it delivers with both variety and taste.. . Their seafood selection for lunch is pretty impressive since a lot of other places don't have many options for seafood unless it's dinner time.. . The cider is good, too.  Man, open bar?  You got me, Studio B.. . Can't wait for the next time I'm back being over 21 now so I can hit up that open bar (and devour everything in the seafood and meat aisle)!
Probably one of the best buffets i've ever eaten at!. . It's a new spot, so everything is clean and has a modern interior.. . Located inside the M resort 10 miles south of the Vegas Strip and just off the 15 freeway. Their logo looks like the gmail logo.. . Warning: cost = $40/person.. . Highlights = pre-cut crab legs n butter, mussels, prime rib, gelato, mashed sweet potato, beer (try the cider!), crab rangoon, all the other desserts.. There's a lot of other foods/desserts/drinks i have yet to try.... . I like how the food is in the middle, so you don't have to walk too far.
This was one of the best buffets I have eaten in Las Vegas for the price.  We had a BOGO coupon, but I would pay full price for breakfast ($10.99) or lunch ($15.99).  Dinner and weekends may be a little higher.. . Everything was fresh and looked really good.  The food was internationally exotic.  The stations were not labeled, so I walked all around the buffet.  There was Indian Curry, Hawaiian Lomi Lomi and Poke salads, Korean Kimchee and Kalbi, Middle Eastern Hummus and Taboule, Pizza, BBQ Pork Ribs, Sushi, etc.. . There were specialty coffee drinks available at the dessert bar.  There were desserts  in little plastic cups, chocolate and vanilla creme brulee, flan, cookies, mini cakes, gelato, etc.. . I didn't get to try everything.  I'll have to come back.
best buffet i've ever been to!
Best buffet for the value... if you go on a weekday.. . The food is amazing. There's a good variety of different worldly foods. And if you go for brunch, you get some of the last bits of breakfast and the beginnings of lunch. The dessert bar doesn't open until lunchtime, but when it does, ohhhh goodness, it's amazing. . . The screens are fun to look at. It's a little bit of a drive off the strip since it's technically in Henderson, but totally worth the drive.. . Every time I go to Vegas, I always come here. Best buffet without breaking the bank.
For me this place comes 2nd to the Wynn.  Very nice variety of tasty food.  Glad we had a chance to check it out since its out in Henderson and we don't venture out here often.
The buffet at the M resort is one of the only buffets I will agree to eat at. It is definitely worth the drive to this south of the strip location. The food is always fresh and surprisingly, our service has always exceeded my expectations for a buffet. The icing on the cake is that there is unlimited beer and wine and even champagne with the seafood buffets. This buffet is worth MORE than they charge you (hope nobody in charge reads that!).
continues to be my favorite buffet in vegas.. free unlimited alcohol draws me in all the time! berry cider... mmmmm. not to mention the great food that's served hot & fresh! very satisfying & worth the money =) i often find myself craving this place & wanting to drive out for a day trip just to go here!
I have been to alot of Las Vegas buffets in my time (an nowadays, pretty much every hotel offers one).  But up until this day, the Studio B buffet at the M Hotel has been the best one by far!. . First, it's not overpriced like the Cosmopolitan Buffet where you are paying $70 for 2 people!  It's about $50 AND you get complimentary beer and wine.  Other places will charge you separately for alcohol.  Another thing that sets them apart is the quality of their food and their selection.  They have a variety of exotic salads and every dish from every corner of the globe offered was fresh and tasted great.  On top of that, their staffs' customer service was top notch.  . . The overall dining experience was awesome.  I would recommend any person visiting Las Vegas to come and eat here!
Amazing is a perfect word for this buffet...  All you can eat and drink too (beer and wine) for a very reasonable price of $25.00 for dinner.  It is even cheaper at lunchtime.  Plus if you earn 450 points on your "M" card in one day you can earn a free buffet.  They had a little bit of everything and the food was quite tasty.  Some of my favorites were the Pad Thai, fried string beans, ox tail stew, carved meats, chicken wings, grilled asparagus, clams, mussels, just to name a few.  They had an enormous variety of salad.  Everything was fresh!  They didn't have huge portions out which kept everything hot and fresh.  You really didn't have to ask for anything.  They were on top of it.  There were so many delicious desserts.  That was hard to choose from especially being so full.  Some tasty treats were the gelato, sorbet and chocolate souflee.  Some highlights that are worth mentioning - Peel and eat shrimp (but they were already peeled for you!!) and they have on tap ice cold ROOT BEER.
So far this is the best buffet I have been to in the valley, awesome breakfast/brunch/diner/seafood.  The price for what it is, is pretty fair.  Almost everything here is really good, I like the root beer they have on tap.  Also the dessert bar they have in incredible, I mean really I have never seen anything like it, the desert bar is bigger than some buffets as a whole. I have been here 10+ times and will come 10+ more. 4.3 stars
I've been coming to this buffet since M Resort first opened. The prices have changed over the years but I still love it and have brought people here or recommended to others. I think it's my favorite selection of desserts of all the buffets I've been to. There is wine to be had and I enjoy their meats here. Everything is elegantly made. My only complaint is a limited amount of sushi and a pretty salty selection of soups. Other than those two, everything else is great.
Over 1000 reviews?  Do I really need to write one here??? :). I'll make it short.....  . It's expensive but sooooo worth it!  If you're visiting Vegas, make the trip down south on 15, away from the Strip.  It's definitely the best buffet in Vegas without a doubt (and like many others on here have had my fair share..... a bit too much... thanks dad).... LOL. . the smallest improvement I can suggest.. make better gelato.  it's a bit to icy.. . Otherwise great food all around!!  mmmmm lamb chops and crab legs (cut in half for easy access).....
One of my allt-time favorite buffet. Actually, i'd say it is the best place for a buffet in Vegas.  Yummm. Just thinking about it makes me want to go to this buffet.. . Favorite items:. Mussels, dinner rolls, tri-tip, asian selection, crabs, spaghetti, and most importantly their dessert selections! . The have THE BEST dessert selection I have ever seen! A few times they have changed up their dessert selection, but recently it has been the same items. They are still soooo GOOD! Also, they have free alcohol, though im not much of a alcohol drinker, I have had a glass of wine that they had.  . . Great buffet!  . Tip: Their prices for their buffet has gone up!
the bessst buffet in las vegas!!! . . please go! free wine!!!
Great buffet. We happen to come on seafood night and they had a great selection of crab legs, raw oysters in the half she'll and shrimp. They offer non locals a discount, yes, ya heard right. Californians received a discount while our friend, who lives there paid full price! Their dessert station is unbelievable, the creme brulee was my favorite! I am definitely coming back after I fast a few days prior.
OMG best buffet in vegas yet! I've heard lots of good things about this buffet. Finally tried it  last Friday, and even though there was a really long line and wait, it was sooo worth it! I couldn't believe it, For my bf and I.. it was around $23 bucks! and that included our CA resident discount. UNLIMITED BEER, WINE AND CHAMPAGNE! great selections of food and desserts. My friends loved it and all gave me props for getting them to stop at M Resort. MUST TRYY!
My husband and I have been to several buffets in Las Vegas but, we keep coming back to this one at the M resort. The food is always fresh and full of flavor and the staff is very friendly. For breakfast you can get a variety of things but the strawberry smoothies are delicious and the Chili Realanos are what my husband eats till he is ready to bust!! If you are a club member( which is free to get) breakfast is 7.99, lunch is 11.99 and dinner is 17.99. but if not its 10.99, 15.99 and 23.99. So its worth whatever price but at great deal at the club rate!! Free refills on what you drink and for lunch and dinner you also can get wine and beer. We will be coming back over and over
Being a Las Vegas Native from birth (28yrs) I've been to all the buffets in Vegas . Hands down ALL the locals know to come here.
This is as good as it gets when it comes to Buffets, oh and did I mention they have all you can drink BEER & WINE! But seriously they have a great selection of fresh items for everyones taste!
Best buffet in Las Vegas on weekends! They used to make it work to eat crab legs but now cut them in half for you and still super good.almost 200 things to eat and make sure you save room for dessert because they got it all from gelato,creme brulee, eclairs, to cakes and crepes tira misu and flan just to name a few.
Extremely impressive food selection!  There are 7 different choices of soup: tomato basil,  miso, cream of asparagus, chicken noodle, oxtail, manhattan clam chowder, and navy bean. Yum!!! 5 salad choices: Asian shrimp salad, eggplant pepper salad, crab salad, Asian chicken salad and Thai cucumber salad!! Lots and lots of any other food choices! I paid $16 lunch price on Tuesday, what a steal!
Best buffet ever. One of my very favorite places to eat and I live in Long Beach, CA. Worth the drive every time.
breakfast $10 minus $5 just for being from California. great food great deal. Excellent customer service.
An amazing buffet!. This buffet is one of the best tasting and organized. This buffet is shaped in a snake formation going from one end to another it starts off with your simple salad and the more you go in the more variety of food you will run into.. . This buffet is very family friendly but yet looks quite professional at the same time. The waiters and waitresses are indeed very kind and friendly as well as some of the chefs themselves. . . I stayed at Las Vegas for 3 days and all 3 days I was there I ate at a buffet and I would say that Studio B and the M was definitely the best tasting.. . Though they do not have many sushi options but only a few. The taste of the sushi really stands out from other buffets, which makes up for the amount of sushi.. . While you are here I suggest everyone to visit the dessert section which is separated from the rest of the buffet.. The desserts there are the best you will taste! Most buffets here at Las Vegas, Nevada has a decent amount of desserts but Studio B has more desserts then the rest plus the taste is wonderful! A must try!. . Also you do not have to pay for your drinks, It is free!. Even including alcohol!. . 5 stars for the wonderful taste!
Hands down the best buffet I have ever been too. TONS of options, and many that taste fantastic. Even the desert options were endless. Don't eat for two days before you come here. . . That is all. Go now.
Two thumbs up!! I love going to this buffet with my family and friends on the weekend. Best buffet here in Las Vegas! Go and see it for yourself too ;))
This was my second visit for brunch at the M Resort Spa Casino in Las Vegas.  We showed up around 10am on a Wednesday and were able to have breakfast and lunch.. . The Eggs Benedict and Eggs Florentine were cooked perfectly.  The eggs were soft and runny, just the way I like them.  The eggs at many breakfast buffets are dry and the yolks are hard.. . They don't put out the desserts until 10:30 am for the lunch crowd.  The mini Creme Brulee was my favorite.  They also have cookies, bread pudding, lava cake, cheesecake, mini parfaits, and even some sugar-free options.. . Our server was friendly and efficient.  She kept our drinks filled and plates cleared.. . We will be back!
More like 4.5... This buffet rocks for the price. This food here for the most part is excellent. The carving station is bigger than most budget buffets. We first ate here for breakfast and the quality was excellent. The cold fish's station was superb. The salmon and typical breakfast additions to make a wonderful breakfast bagels were perfect as were the other cold fish dishes. The eggs Florentine and eggs Benedict were made in small batches and were perfect. All the other breakfast items were also great like a yogurt parfait's and the omelette station was fantastic. The waiters/waitresses and sous chefs at the stations were excellent and helpful.. . Lunch time more stations opened up as well as the all you can drink wine and beer station and the dessert station. The selection was out of this world and while most of the food was great to fantastic there was one or two or five items that were okay or needed some help. For example the baked salmon was overcooked sadly that you can see it as a foodie. The beef tips while deliciously soft were in a under seasoned gravy.  The beef panang while the veggies were quite delicious and crunchy in a deliciously spicy broth had beef in it that had some quite tough where one piece I had to use my napkin to get it out of my mouth for the first time in my life in a restaurant.  I could not chew it it was that bad. Other than just some slight other things like slightly overcooked chicken in the green curry but otherwise the food was great.  The bread station was excellent and whoever the Baker is who does the olive bread I would love to shake his hand.. . While I did not indulge in the wine and beer, I did try The M Resort's own cider.  This nectar is so good, almost soda like, almost cider like, almost sweet summer wine like.... I felt like it was almost non alcoholic it was so good, and great with a meal. . . Dessert was heaven in a cup....  Every thing they serve was fantastic!!!!  I had the chocolate souffle... It was a warm fluffy lightly sweet puck of godly goodness in a aluminum mini pan.  Then in a shooter cup i had the pistachio shooter... A mousse of pistachio with a berry (blueberry?)puddling on the lower half as a delightful foil topped with a shelled pistachio.  Next a passionfruit mousse shooter, perfectly sweet & light cloud atop a bittersweet chocolate pudding as a great counterpoint.  lastly the the perfect raspberry cheesecake... A lopped off pyramid of cheesecake sans crust with a puree of raspberries in the center indentation   Chef... YOU HAVE RUINED ALL OTHER ENJOYMENTS OF CHEESECAKES FROM NOW ON!!!  (I tried a plain cheesecake at a regular buffet a few days after.... Why it was good & it had a crust, it was not The Cheesecake).  I was in food orgasm. It was the perfect end to a great meal.. . Note;  if you have a handicapped family member with you, they have a line for your party so you will not have to wait long in line and once paid there is a sofa to wait for your table. Very classy, very thumbs up!!!! As a recently handicapped person, it's those touches that helps people like us!
We had another great brunch on a Tuesday morning.  We paid for breakfast and stayed for lunch.. . My favorite dishes were the Eggs Benedict, Poke Salad, Lomi Lomi Salmon, Asian Chicken Salad, Shrimp Salad, BBQ Pork Ribs, Peanut Butter cookies, and the mini Creme Brulee.. . We will be back!
This is by far my favorite buffet in the Las Vegas area.  Unlimited wine and beer?  Check.  Excellent desserts?  Check.  Fantastic food?  Check.  The long lines out front is a testament to how good the food is.  I especially like how they don't crap the tables and control how many people is eating at a time so there is rarely huge lines of people at each station like other buffets.  Fantastic experience would definitely visit again.
I love this buffet!  We stopped by here on our way from Vegas, since the M resort is a bit far from the strip.  They were having a promo for California residents, which was $5 off if  you showed your valid CA driver's license. . . We rushed to try to and make the breakfast buffet, but the line was so long.  By the time we got to the front, it was 45 minutes past the breakfast buffet time.  However, the cashiers were so nice and gave everyone in line breakfast buffet pricing!  They apologized for the long wait due to the fact only two registers were open.  We ended up paying only $34 for a party of 6!  Our waiter was so nice and attentive, and the people working behind the food stations were very kind. . . They have a very large selection of food.  Nothing gourmet like the Bellagio or Wynn, but definitely good quality food for the price.  Trust me, I'm really picky when it comes to food quality that comes with buffets.  . . This buffet may be far from the strip, but I would gladly drive here for their awesome customer service and yummy food!
Excellent Buffet, especially the weekend "Seafood Buffet"!!! - we went twice for dinner during our 4 night stay!!
Great local spot, but it seems to be getting more and more profound with tourists. They should have a local day, but in any case... It is by far one of the best buffets for your hard earned dollar. The price of the buffet includes a select number of beer and wine choices, with an unlimited quantity. The food is great and the desserts are a touch of tranquility. Gelatos and specialty coffee are a must. Thank you for being the gem that my family needs...
IVE BEEN HERE TWICE AND I JUST GOTTA SAY. . THE BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS HANDS DOWN. . YOU KNOW WHY?. . UNLIMITED DRINKS AND OYSTERS, SHRIMP, AND CRAB. . SHIZ WAS LIKE 35 dollars with 5 dollars off cause I was a CA resident.. . I ordered like 3 beers 3 champagne and 3 white wine. AND I WAS EATING LIKE AN NEANDERTHAL.. . They have a huge selection. The prime rib and oyster were bomb! the cheese and salami shizz were good too. sushi was w/es but overall super delicious.. . THE BEST PART though is the sweets.. . The creme bule was some heavenly shizz f real. and the gilatto was crazy. . I would have stayed all day and shizz im still dreaming about those oysters. . PEACE
Waited in line for 45 mins and by the time we got in, it already passed the closing time which was 9pm. cashier said they will close 45 mins to an hour after the last customer gets in. Food selection there are not the best, but the food quality is very nice.  Deserts have huge selection and they taste great. will recommend to anyone who is looking for a good vegas buffet. Better than then one in Wynn.
Went in during lunch on a weekday for a price of $16 per person.. Great selection, clean, service is great, and of course free alcohol. Definately worth the 16 dollars!
All I can say is this my favorite buffet! There are so many choices, the staff is friendly and the place is clean and the food is also really good. I've never seen so many salad and dessert choices. It is well worth the price we paid and we will going back! Keep up the good work Studio B.
WTF THE CRAB LEGS HERE ARE SO GOOD. WHAT?!?! UNLIMITED BEER AND WINE?!?!?! @.@...... . Came here Sunday for lunch with some friends. It was 10 extra bucks (like $43 total) because the sea food was out. Holy ships was I surprised.  I was crying at how tasty the food was.  Also my waiter dude was so nice. He showed me where everything was. Such great service :)!. . . Pros:. -crab legs. -Italian food. -breakfast food. -soul (?) Food (HAHA if you count fried chicken I guess). -dessert! Why you so delicious gelato ;(.... -service. . Con's (aka be waring of...). -Asian food.. . I'm Asian and i know asian food! The Asian food they served here wasn't that spectacular. Just your typical generic sushi...fried rice...egg rolls...etc. You get the point. But still, the mediocre Asian food was not enough to take down this delicious 5 star buffet.
The best quality of food and the best service of any buffet we've been to in Vegas.  Awesome.  AND finally someone finally knows what meringue is supposed to taste like.  (A Marie Callendar lemon meringue pie, for example, has meringue that tastes like soap suds).  Be sure and try the stuffed grape leaves.  Really good -- they taste like they have fresh mint inside.  Almost every dish we tried was a winner.
This is one of (if not the best) buffet in Vegas! The food is delicious and the staff is super friendly. One of my must-do's when I visit sin city!
The absoluteBEST buffet I have been to anywhere! I've been to the Rio in the 90's  in its best days, Bellagio, Caesars, Venitian and others. I just came back from a Vegas trip, Stayed at the Wynn and was comped two free Wynn buffets and earned enough points to win free buffets at the M Resort. Hands down... the Studio B Buffet at the M was the BEST! I don't drink but free beer and wine... free specialty coffee. The Wynn charges for all this. The layout is also better. Prime rib every night. Lots of finer items 7 days a week. Better service as well. Don't get me wrong... Wynn buffet did nothing wrong, the M just does it better.
I'm not a big fan of expensive buffets. Spending $40 for an all you can eat meal when you don't eat more than one plate full, and some dessert, seems wasteful to me. But curiousity reeled me in. . . I had come to dine at a neighboring restaurant in the resort where Studio B is located but when I saw the line of 50+ people waiting I had to find out what the fuss was about. I checked yelp and saw all the delicious pictures and then joined the crowd. The wait was long, but the food was worth it!. . This is not your average buffet fare. It was packed full of fine restaurant quality foods such as steak, lamb, ravioli, crab legs, shrimp scampy, sushi, short ribs and more. And the types of food ranged from American, Italian, Chinese, Vietnamese and much more. . . I was most impressed with the all you can drink wine and beer and cappuccinos. I also really enjoyed the gelato, lobster bisque and succulent blend of fattening and sugar-free desserts. There was so much food that I cannot quite remember all that I had. But take it from a buffet critic - this place was worth the money. . . Tip: Seating near the buffet is optimal, but if you get placed in the back, no worries. It has a great view and you can even see the lights on the strip at night.
UNLIMITED WINE & BEER.  Oh, did I get your attention now? ;) . . Out of all the buffets in Vegas, this is my ULTIMATE favorite place!  Usually go here around lunch time, and we didn't have to wait at all, and thank God we didn't since I was STARVING! haha.  My go-to buffet hands down for sure! They have an amazing variety of food.  Whether you be craving Italian, Thai, Mexican, Korean, and American. I'm pretty sure they will have whatever your palate is craving.  The options are endless and as they should be for a buffet.. . Why should I even name what I like.  Just get a bit of everything, it's ALL good.  They also have an awesome dessert bar with all of the delicious sweetness in the world!  No worries there are also sugar-free desserts too :). . Even though this location is off the strip, it's worth the drive.  I actually like knowing it's away from the strip and the chaos.  . . Now go on and get your drink on, I mean your food on! :)
I love this place, my favorite buffet in Las Vegas. It includes all you can drink beer and wine. Great selections of food. They also have Ahi poke and Lomi lomi salmon. Don't forget the espresso bar, cappuccino, mocha, etc. The crab legs is kinda skinny and meat is flaky.  Seems like all crab are like that in LV. Pala casino serves better crab legs.
I went to eat at M buffet almost every week .They're good food ,service and clean I love it.
Absolutely the best in Vegas. The staff here are the nicest I've ever encountered. Everyone of them is wonderful.
Overall, I thought that everything at Studio B was above average.  There were three things that really shined for me:. . 1. Snow crab legs - These were the sweetest crab legs I've ever tasted.  My fiancee didn't even need to dip the crab meat in butter!  I still dipped a tiny bit in butter; needless to say, we made sure to eat plenty of their snow crab legs.  . . 2. Desserts - ALL OF THEM.  For a buffet, Studio B made sure to do a good job of leaving a lasting impression on its customers with the desserts.  Their ice creams were by far the best ice cream I've ever had at a buffet, and their creme brulee and chocolate souffle were very good as well!. . 3.  Unlimited drinks, including beer, wine, and champagne - There is no other buffet at this price point that I know of that does this too! Even without the unlimited drinks, Studio B provides great value for the price you pay.  When you add in unlimited drinks, choosing Studio B for your Vegas buffet experience is a no-brainer!
This is one of my favorite buffets. Studio B has plenty of food options and they exchange out the food often so it's not just sitting there and getting more and more gross like some other buffets. I've gone here many times, even on Thanksgiving, and the food is always delicious. If you drink alcohol, you can get as many glasses of wine as you want at the counter. Don't forget to tip.. . The one thing that I want to point out are the desserts. I feel that desserts make or break a buffet and the desserts at Studio B definitely make the buffet. There's plenty of delicious and fresh desserts to try as well as many different flavors of ice cream. Sometimes I finish my meal early just so I can start on eating desserts that much sooner.
