I've only seen it once, but as a previous poster states, there's so much going on that you'd have an entirely different experience if you went to see it again.  I've seen 'O' and 'Mystere' twice and both were markedly different.  . . I did not know until just not that this show is NOT a part of Cirque.  Not sure why, but I just always assumed it was.  Nevertheless, if you are a fan of Cirque, you're going to love Le Reve.
The show was awesome. Totally worth the money.
Wow. I was unsure what to expect, but left feeling exhilarated. Everything is stunning: staging, choreography, bodies. I was about 5 rows from front, a good seat, but I can appreciate the tripple digit price for those 8 and above. There is a lot going on in every scene x3 (because there are 3 entrances to the stage in the round). The only negative critique I have is the score. It is dominated by electric guitar and comes off sounding surprisingly unsophisticated for the quality of the show. Although you could be forgiven for not paying attention to the music, this spectacle is pure visual delight!
There are few things in life that can be described as beautiful, amazing, and breathtaking but Le Reve comes pretty close.. . I'm a big fan of Cirque Du soleil shows so when I decided to see Le Reve I didn't think it could match up but I was wrong.. . From start to finish I was entertained. It's difficult to describe in words what I saw but I was in awe of everything. All I can say is that it was beautiful and the images will last in my memory forever. . . This is one of those spectacular vegas shows that you must see. If you can appreciate art, performance, music, and creativity then you will love Le Reve.
Day trippers, lushes, over-indulgants, degenerates, sex addicts..... Las Vegas.. . I've had a difficult time summing up my recent year-end escape to Vegas. In short, it's been a difficult 2010. What better place to close out the year than by soaking in all of the excess that Vegas has to offer? . . For the most part, just the idea of Las Vegas isn't my cup of tea. Everything about it seems fake and overwhelming. A land of false hopes and shattered dreams. Yet a place where the lost souls could fit in and escape the monotony of normalcy. Maybe that's what attracted me? How paradoxical.. . For 4 days I stumbled up and down the strip, listed to Fat Elvis belt belt out timely ditty's at Bill's Gamblin' Saloon, witnessed midgets dressed as Leprechauns berate passerby's, got solicited to accept prostitution advertisements in the form of baseball cards, stood in endless lines for gluttonous buffets and quite simply, just soaked in all of the excess and debauchery around me. It should go without mention, a normal person would only be able to handle so much of this before going completely mad. . . That said, an escape was in order. Our group decided to take in a show; Le Reve at one of Vegas' most high-brow casinos, The Wynn. Le Reve (The Dream in French) is a famous painting by  Pablo Picasso. That was about the extent of my knowledge of the show going in. . . What followed was the most awe-inspiring, trippy, outrageously unique live performances synchronized to music that I've ever been a part of. Words cannot adequately explain the creativity and hard work that must've gone into this in order to result in the show that followed. The stadium itself was circular, like a mini Roman Colosseum, lending to not one bad seat in the house. The circular centered stage floor was powered by hydraulics, often moving up and down to allow more or less water to accommodate the show's story. The actors, or more appropriately described as acrobatic artists, flung from the rafters, secured only by unobtrusive cables and harnesses. Lighting, music and colorful props helped in aiding the rest of the show. The results? Jaw dropping wonder and savagely insane glory. . . Le Reve was almost a dream. Or was it? It certainly seemed un-real. Dreaming big is essential in Vegas. The title is appropriate. This show puts even your craziest, most imaginative dreams in perspective. Check reality at the door, because this show will transport you to a magical world of wonder.
From the first moment I saw Le Reve, I was a fan. This was an amazing adventure into a magical world that was enchanting, sensual, stunning, and thrilling - all at the same time. It was a phenomenal show at a fantastic, yet very intimate venue. The experience begins when you first enter the circular theater that is situated around a large pool of water with the center stage in the middle. Definitely not your typical showroom but the specially designed theater leaves no bad seat in the house. . . The theater itself was remarkable. The cast was extraordinary. And the music - takes you into a state of trance making the whole experience seem so mystical, so surreal. The show features amazing choreography performed by highly skilled aerial acrobats in an absolutely beautiful stage setting. Words can't really depict the magic and beauty that this production brings.. . The entire show really blew my mind. I can easily see why this is the most visually appealing show on the Vegas strip. I won't say much more. Just see it because it's worth every penny!
I've seen 8 Cirque Du Soleil's.. (This is from a different company). . This beats all of them.. Hard to imagine, but true.
This was a great show! I am usually not a show person, but this one was awesome! Those people are amazing that do all of those stunts. I was sitting there with shock seeing what these people do! Crazy!
Amazing!  We sat in the 3rd row and felt like we were sitting on the stage (side of the pool)  so to speak.  This is prob the best show in Vegas right now!
Sexy, sensuous, spectacular acrobatics, (just like Cirque du Soleil)!. . If you come to this show, you must bring a significant other/lover........very romantic!. . A must see..then a must F......!
Le Reve is a phenomenal show!  . . The performance blended aerial stunts with high diving with synchronized swimming with acrobatics.  There were performers coming up from under the water, down from the ceiling and up and down stairs and platforms.  . . Every section has equal view, as all the seats circle around the stage, and the performers are on all sides.  However, two of the staff at Wynn, in separate conversations, had mentioned row G was the best, as you are in the middle of everything above and below you (that was where we ended up sitting, and it was perfect). . They sell this package deal where you can sit in recliners, and get champagne and truffles...but upon seeing the venue, it really didn't seem worth the extra money to sit in those seats.  They are all the way up, so you are looking down on the whole show, vs the feeling of submersion with the regular seats.
Grade: A. . Gorgeous show - love the aquatic stage. The acrobatics were fun and daring. I can't imagine how many hours & practice these performers go through. I never "get" the entire meaning of the show unless I read about it, but Le Reve kept us awake & watching the entire time. There were some very beautiful scenes - especially loved the large wavy "drape" part. The doves were cool too.. . I loved "O" more but the aquatic stage was new then, so it may have been the novelty of it as well. My husband enjoyed Le Reve more than Mystere, but it depends on what you are looking for. Lots more acrobatics in Mystere, more dancing (on stage & underwater) in Le Reve.. . We enjoyed the show even more so because it was complimentary with our Wynn package deal. We sat in Section B, Row F seats 22 & 23. Awesome seats, as promised by the sales rep. Easy to see both up and down. But any seat in this rotund theater has great viewing!
What a great show and theatre.. much better than the "o". I would recommend paying a little extra and getting premier seats with Choc., champagne and VIP tickets... this show isn't as heavily marketed as the o but it is definitely 20 times better.
Great Show!. . The hubby and I took the parentals to this show and had a wonderful time!  The lighting, music, theatrics, acrobatics, doves, costumes, diving, synchronized swimming... all of it was Amazing!. . Really enjoyed the part where the synchro swimming gals were doing their thing with red heels on... that was really cool.. . So much goes on with this show that it's a bit hard to see it all... all at once.  Your head tends to be on a swivel.. . Love that the stage moves up and down and changes throughout the entire performance... one moment the characters are running around the stage... the next they are diving into it.
Saw this and 'O' and it's not even close in my opinion. Le Reve blows 'O' out of the water in every respect. Highly recommend
Le Reve was visually spectacular.  The audience was taken on a delightful ride through the dream sequence of one of the characters.  Before I knew it, an hour had flown by, and unfortunately the show was over.  That was the one drawback that I can note.  I would have loved for the show to be at least 30 minutes longer.. . This show has water, which makes it similar to O, but it's not a Cirque show.  I saw O several years back, and I think I liked this show better.  This theater seems better suited to the show than the O theater is.  In looking around, I don't think there was a bad seat in the house for Le Reve. . . I loved the high dives and the dancing on thewater.  How those women dance on that slippery surface with high heels I will never figure out.  Those must be some special shoes!
Le Reve is without question the best show in Vegas, and it's not even close.  . . The Wynn does everything to perfection, including their shows. Le Reve takes the audience through a surreal dream sequence that transitions seamlessly through moments of beauty, sexuality, and fun. The performers will exceed your wildest expectations. Everything from  impressive feats of strength and flexibility, to death defying stunts unfold during the performance. The stage itself is incredible, it constantly switches from land to water as the dream takes place. . . There is honestly not a bad seat in the house. The seating surrounds the stage so all of the seats have an equally good view of everything. I've sat towards the back and the front and don't have a strong preference between the two (although a lot of the action happens high above the stage so it is easier to see from a few rows back). . . Le Reve will undoubtably be one of the highlights of your trip to Vegas.
isnt it obvious from other reviews? this show is great! to be honest i dont really understant the story, because one goes after another pretty quick and all the actors are bald ;) but thats fine. this show worth every penny. every actors and actress are very professional and i'm sure takes a lot of preparation for the show because it was so flawless. This is my second show that i see in vegas and i love it. . the setting is so beautiful and colorful... i love the guy with the horn, he's super funny.. i sat at the second row, because it's the least expensive seat for $117.. got a bit splash of water but no big deal. the first row would've sucked... must watch!!
I was torn about seeing Le Reve during my most recent trip to Vegas because of the high price compared to other shows on the strip, as well as some mixed reviews.  After seeing the show...worth every penny.  I should have expected this because of the quality of Wynn/Encore.  The theatre itself is beautiful and the seats are very comfortable.  However, waiting for the show to start it began feeling damp and kind of musty with the fog machines constantly going over the center pool/stage.  The quality of the dancers/performers was incredible throughout the show however.  There was a good amount of dancing which I usually hate during these types of shows but the dancing was actually a really powerful part of the show.  I would suggest sitting further up because there is SO much going on throughout the show, if you liked O, you will LOVE Le Reve.  The best show of its kind on the strip.
We were lucky enough to get two tickets included in our Encore package.  Having been to Vegas only 2 times, and never seeing a show(sad, I know.  :(.  ) we had no idea what to expect.  The show started with a bang and just got better!  There's so much going on that it's hard to take it all in.... A feast for the eyes, not to sound corny.  The story is weird because the girl's in a dream sequence.  We all no how those can be!  I've never seen so many talented and FIT people in one place.  All we could say was WOW!!! I HIGHLY recommend this show!!!!!
My favorite show in Vegas.  Don't try to understand the story - just enjoy the visuals.  Mesmerizing.  I can't say enough how much my family and I enjoyed the show.  Worth EVERY penny.
This is a magical experience which chronicles the story of a lost love. The lighting effects, recurring water theme, music, imagery, and performances all blend together to create an awe inspiring experience. In the beginning the main character finds and loses love abruptly. The story evolves from there with many twists and turns. My capitivation is held by each scene which includes a combination of actors, dancers, synchronized swimmers, and acrobats. Each performance is executed with precision. There are flips and dives into the water, synchronized water perfomances that  require performers to hold their breath for many seconds over and over, drama and comedy. All combined to elevate wonder and amazement. It's a must see!
I was truly impressed by Le Reve. What a wonderful and beautiful show. It's amazing the level of skill that is required to pull off acrobatic stunts in the water. It had me on the edge of my seat! Really spectacular! . . Hats off to the performers. You guys are amazing!
What an amazing experience, I love La Reve...seen it 3 times and everytime I go to vegas I want to see it again...its that good...evertime I watch it I get goosebumps of how beautiful this show is...I recommend it especially if ur with ur significant other its very romantic and funny at the same time..its a MUST SEE!!!!
Beyond!  So scintillating, you can't take everything in at the same time.  . . In the past year and a half we've been to over half a dozen shows in Vegas, and this along with KA are ones I would see again.  Do yourself a favor and add this to your must see list.. . We got our tickets day of at the half price booth, which saved us 25%.  It's a small theatre so there aren't any bad seats in the house and i almost think you can see more by sitting further back.  Enjoy!
I say ignore whatever storyline they are trying to present, just sit back and absorb what is happening before your eyes. Seriously, I could have stayed in there for 10 hours and not complained about this production. Amazing venue, amazing performers, amazing visuals and colors. Truly a dream to experience! I havn't seen a better show in Las Vegas and I've lived here for 21 years!
BEST show ive ever seen in vegas!! even though its the only one. they do some pretty amazing shit. thanks to my brother and his gf i got to join them, next time i need a date too. but whatever i enjoyed it. i hella like the lead girl, she's awesome. And all the crazy dives in the pool from the stage that would disappear into the deep water, and from the ceiling. and them buff dudes doin that crazy lifting each other shit. everyone in the show did something amazing! this show gets 5 stars for sure.. except the one thing that bothered me was the baby in the begining, he was creepy.. great show and cool stadium/pool/stage.
We have not seen O at the Bellagio (which I hear is amazing)...but with that said this is our favorite show in Vegas.. . The show is beautiful, and unlike most show seating, the further back you are, the better!. . Definitely addthis show to your must see list!  I've heard since my first time going they've changed some things in the show, and I'm excited to go back and see it again soon.
One of the best shows in Vegas!. . For the longest time I though this was a Cirque Du Soleil show, but it's not. But the show was created by Franco Dragone, the director to many other Cirque Du Soleil shows, like O and Mystere. . . I love how the stage is in the center of the auditorium. There's a 360 degree view instead of just one side. It's hard to find a bad seat. It's beautiful how the stage rises from beneath the water. There are even parts of the stage (and performers!) that come from the ceiling! At some point they even simulate rain that only falls on the stage. . . The story is very engaging. It's literally what the title says it is: a dream. Of course, there are the usual acrobats and even some comedic parts. The lady with the whip will wake you up! . . I can see the similarities between this show and O, which also seems to go through a dream also, but Le Reve is definitely the winner.
Even though Le Reve means The Dream, the show is so stunning and riveting that no can can sleep through it.  Some may compare it to Cirque du Soleil's O - the two shows do have in common water, amazing acrobatics, music and creator Franco Dragone - but any further comparison does disservice to both shows; each is very distinct and unique.  Go see it!  See it again! And be amazed at the acrobatics, the sets, the lighting, the water, the entire experience.  And also see O.  Better spend your money on this show than on a boring slot machine or on a blackjack table - you really will not be able to count cards.  And you'll save money.
Hands down, the BEST show in Las Vegas! It's incomparable to "O" or the other cirque du soleil shows in Vegas.. . There are just so many good things to say about this show. First of all, wherever you sit, it's a great seat because its a 360 degree theater. The stage moves up and down in and out of the water, which is similar to "O" but they do so much more in the water and better tricks. . . The performers are AMAZING! The story was really good and understandable and was just so intriguing!. . I was on the edge of my seat at times with some of the stunts! i could go on and on about how great this show is, but I would rather you take my word and go see it! It's totally worth the price and I would love to see this show everytime I go to Vegas. If you want to impress your significant other or family/friends, this is the show to go see!. . LOVED it!!!
I been to several shows in vegas and I enjoyed them all. Le Reve definitely my favorite show, it is amazing.  If you in vegas with kids and want to see a show, take them to Le Reve and you both will have a great time.  There are alot of great shows in vegas but if you want to see something different, you must go to Le Reve.
Le Reve is one of my top 5 favorite shows in las vegas! A must see and is worth every penny for the cost of a ticket! Not a bad seat in the house no matter where you sit, and no bad views as is in a circular design. Absolutely amazing! This show will keep you tuned from start to finish!. Synchronized swimming, arial acrobats, romance, sweet music, a giant water stage where performers arrive and exit from, so awesome.. . This show gives me a bit of sexy however is appropriate for all.. . Bottom line...do yourself a favor and see this show!
Le Reve is beautiful.  Where do I even begin?  . . First of all, don't worry about your seat.  The venue is designed so that there aren't bad seats.  It's circular and the "stage" rotates around so you seriously can't pick a bad seat.  You can, however, get an upgraded seat in the back.  I don't know a lot about this, but there are these big, luxurious chairs in the back of the theater which are probably significantly more expensive.  I don't really think they'd be worth it, but if you want the added luxury, go for it.   . . The show itself is just breathtaking.  The colors, the high degree of Cirque (and if you're unfamiliar with Cirque performances you should know, not all Cirque shows have this high quality of Cirque in them), the humorous scenes and just the overall flow and build of the show... simply brilliant.  . . One *big* tip:  . . Make a day out of this.  The Wynn is at the very north side of the strip and a lot of people never make their way all the way up to it.  Go ahead and spend the day on the north side.  The Wynn is like The Bellagio-North.  It's first class all the way and you can absolutely find stuff to do (from great cuisine to amazing pools to the spa to the fabulous casino at The Wynn... just experience it all).. . Also, try http://www.vegas.com/shows/ for discounts.  You can usually find a good price!
When it comes to Vegas shows I really don't think you can do much better (and I live here so I see lots of shows).. . As mentioned below there is no bad seat, and the lower seats may get splashed.  I believe the tickets are pricy but as a local I've never paid full price.  I recently got a backstage tour with a friend who knows one of the performers and you wouldn't believe the inner workings of this thing.  I'm surprised I don't hear about accidents regularly so they must run a tight ship.. . As most know the show is a dream sequence.  However, if you are like me and are not artistic or good at understanding abstract art pieces, you'll never know what's going on.  On the other hand, there are so many performers and there is so much going on all over the theater, its still entertaining to those of us who don't "get" it.. . Its definately worth the time and money.
I'd definitely have to say this is the best show I've been to in Vegas. It was a bit pricey, but it was nice. The theatre was amazing! You could sit anywhere in the theatre and still be able to see everything perfectly. I just cant begin to explain how awesome the stage was... it was just awesome. The performers were amazing, and had some serious skills. I loved it!. . Although the show was amazing, I felt that there was too much going on at once, but there was never a boring moment, so I cant really complain too much. I'd see this show again, just as long as I don't have to pay as much as we did lol. All in all, it was an amazing show and highly recommended :)
My in-laws and mom was in town so I decided to take them and my wife to Le Reve.. . I just love going to the Wynn.  It is so elegant and one of the most beautiful and classy hotels on the strip.. . Anyways, Le Reve is one of the most impressive shows on the strip.  The theater environment is amazing.  Honestly, not a bad seat in the house.  The story and the water show were excellentl.  I have to say that all your senses will be lit up (yes... smell, taste, touch, sight, and hearing)...  Trust me, we sat pretty close and had a few light sprinkles :). . Compared to the Cirque du Soleil acts on the strip -- "O" and "Mystere", I honestly think Steve Wynn's vision of "Dream" was much better.  It was much more elaborate, exciting, and original.  Overall, I think Le Reve is one of the best in Vegas (thus far, our favorites have been Phantom, Jersey Boys, and now Le Reve).. . Also, btw, I like the fact that they allow you to take pictures at the END of the show. . . I definitely would recommend this show.
Awesome.  See it.  I even teared up in the end.  Our tickets to the show were complimentary as part of a room we got an Encore but it's well worth the expense.  This show is even good for kids - I can't wait to bring mine next time we come ;)
This show was voted "Best in Las Vegas 2011" and I believe it!. . I have no other shows to compare this to but after reading numerous great reviews of this show, I decided to see it during a recent trip to Las Vegas.  . . I bought tickets through LasVegas.com and got splash zone seats for the price of the seats further up.  Because it is a circular stage, there is not a bad seat in the house.  I had front row/splash zone seats and yes, got splashed a few times hence the "splash zone" warning.  This was no sea world show so if you're afraid of getting splashed a little, sit out of that area, otherwise it really is the best seat in the house.. . You are allowed to take photos when the cast comes out at the end.  This is a Vegas MUST SEE.
The Wynn is beautiful, the Buffet fabulous and the show was fantastic!  Very impressed and pleased.  I was a bit nervous that it would not be as good as some of the Cirque De Soleil shows but no worries there!  I also bought tickets through http://LasVegas.com and got splash zone seats for the price of the seats further up.  It is a circular stage so all seats are great.  I definitely would recommend this show!
The first word that comes to mind is simply-- WOW! It was my first Vegas trip, and I really wanted to go to a cirque show after hearing people rave about them for years. My sister surprised me with Le Reve tickets, and I was completely stoked with no idea what to expect. I have nothing to compare to, but the stage was absolutely incredible! It transformed numerous times throughout the show. The theater was also extremely intimate; there really wasn't a bad seat. I was blown away by the athleticism and the creative storyline that provided a multitude of interpretations. I loved it and can't wait to see other cirque shows!
*Jaw drops* WOW!. . You'll be doing that a couple times through out the show.  Very well choreographed and beautiful set.  The synchronized swimmers were amazing and the auditorium was beautiful.  You can say there is no bad seat in the house because the state is in the center.  Its amazing how they can have an aquatic stage that is so dynamic.. . I've seen most of the Cirque shows in Vegas and I have to say this is the best so far.  Yes, even better than O.
My first Cirque show ever!! I gotta say, I LOVED IT!! It made me realize how much I've been missing out on all these cirque du soleil shows! I want to watch more. There's no bad seating, amazing dancing and acrobatic skills, it was just GREAT! My date seemed to love it too!! :)
WHAT A SHOW!!! Loved the stage, the artists, the lights, music and everything else. The stage is in a round setting, so no matter where you sit you will have a good view at what is going on in the middle. The water performances were fascinating. This show takes you to a whole new world of love, life, heart breaks, the good and the bad. I won't reveal much more! Please sit back and enjoy :-)
This is the best show in Vegas!. . I've seen nearly every show in Vegas and my top three shows have always been O, KA and Le Reve (in that order)...However, Wynn has made a number of exceptionally good changes within Le Reve that pushed this show off the charts. . . I know some people complained that the story line is lacking. Those people MUST HAVE either fell asleep in the beginning or the end of the show. I never read in depth description of the show and how it developed...but I have to say that the visual effects, the dynamics of the stage as well as the amazing stunts in this show were off the hook!. . If there is one show to watch in Vegas, Le Reve is it.
Phenomenal!  Don't get hung up on trying to find the "story" - just revel in the artistry. A must see.
I have seen many shows on the strip before and I think this may be the best show I have seen yet. I enjoyed everything about this show. My husband and I did sit in the splash zone and did get a few drops of water on us. No biggie as we were both engrossed in the show.. . Many people said that O was a better show. I haven't seen that one but I have seen Zumanity, Mystere, and Ka. So this is what my review is based upon.
WOW....What a beautiful show and it has its own unique image and movement to it. everyone else who said they didnt like it and gave it a 1 star. You are on crack. stop thinking everything 3rd dimensional, take a chill pill and just go and relax with your significant other, and enjoy the show. i mean people going up and down on a wire, with incredible strength and balance was very interesting to watch, and those high jumps were scary too. . . Stop taking everything so personal and have fun and relax. Vegas and Vegas shows are made to have fun and relax.
Great show! Sat in Section C Row F seats 3 and 4 and the view was perfect! Though I doubt anyone had a bad view because the theater is small and round. We saw the later show and noticed the crowd was a little older, probably because all the people our age were already in line for XS (thanks but no thanks I'd rather be seeing a show).. . Anyways, this show was extremely visually pleasing. The colors, the costumes, the talent, it was all so fun to watch! I think the story could be more clearly depicted but other than that I have no complaints. Everything was executed so perfectly, I almost felt like I was watching an edited movie.. . I've also seen Ka during a different Vegas trip and they're equally awesome to me. I think I might have even enjoyed Le Reve a little more..
Very beautiful show! I had great seats and they were worth every penny!  Former olympic gymnasts are part of the cast, but everything from the costumes, to the music and the lighting are high quality!
FANTASTIC, AMAZING, AWESOME!  Right now the is dark, but I had the chance to see La Reve prior to it going dark for changes.  What a privilege.  The performers are stupendous.  I may be biased because I know several of the performers, but this show is worth EVERY PENNY!  Great fro kids over 10.  See it the next time you're here in Sin City!
Amazing show.. Expensive- $150 a person but probably worth it. Their use of the constantly shifting pool is mind blowing.. Every seat is a good seat.. . Kinda trippy which I liked.. The babies in the beginning definitely set the scene.. I'm not sure I understand what the show is about but does that really matter?. . Synchronized swimming was stunning.. The weird huge lady that drops for a minute was super strange but kept you thinking about it haha.. . Overall, I would venture to say it's the best show in Vegas. So if you must spend a crap ton of money on a Vegas show, this is the one.
The most pleasant suprise for a birthday...THANKS BABY! I loved this show! Not one bad seat in the house! Get there early as the show def starts on time and if you're late...you'll be waiting outside the doors for 10-15 minutes.
My bf and I were staying at the Encore, and part of the package came with comp tickets to the show. . . We both enjoyed the show. To me, the show was quite amazing. I would love to watch this again, if there's a good deal out there!
My husband and I went to Las Vegas last  year.. We stayed at the Palazzo and decided to go to La Reve show.. We really enjoyed it.. The performers were doing amazing things and the stage was unbelievable with all the colorfull decore,the water on stage,the lights etc.
I don't care who you are. This show will totally leave you feeling like they did the impossible. Extremely entertaining. I still don't know how they were able to do some of the things they did. We had great seats but I dont think it would have mattered. It's definitely something you should do if in Vegas.
Water + dancing + acrobatics...... . Loved this show.  Some similarities to Cirque O because both involve water but I feel like Le Reve has more dancing and the venue is a bit smaller and more intimate.   I don't want to say too much about it since you should see it yourself, but just expect to be amazed by the acrobatics, diving, dancing, music, costumes and decor.    Even my fiance who is so not into dancing or musicals, liked this show a lot.. . The food at the concession is pricey of course.  9 bucks for a small bucket of popcorn.  Geez Vegas.  A little cup of beer was expensive too but can't remember how much.  I recommend filling up before coming or be ghetto like me and sneak something in your big bag.. . There isn't a bad seat in the house since the stage/water is in the middle surrounded by the seats.  . . Bought our tickets for around 110 bucks from the discount kiosk on the strip the day before we wanted to see this show.
So utterly beautiful and breathtaking. Loved this show so much.. . Such wonderfully talented people. I'd see this show another 90 thousand million hundred trillion times.
A SHOW TO SEE WHILE YOUR IN VEGAS!!! the show was simply mind blowing....im not going to give any secrets away in this review....you just have to go see it =))
WOOOOO!!  One of my fave shows in Las Vegas!!!!!!!  :D. . Love the theater, its circular, so everyone has a great view.  I love that they can change the water effect.  Once you see a platform, a while later, its a pool!  . . The show's storyline is easy to follow.  The artists are awesome!!  They are so talented.. . I wanna come back again cuz it has been a while...
Love love love this show. I can't get enough of Cirque or Cirque-type shows. Good thing I live in Vegas where there are a plethora of options available to be on any given day. . . I have seen this show on four occasions and I can't get enough. It's a theater in the round, which I find adds to the spectacle. Like O, it primarily takes place in water and with the theater being situated the way it is, there are no bad seats. There is humor, athleticism and whimsy which creates a show that takes you to a place you've never been before. I am in awe of all the athletes in the show and I always leave wanting more. There isn't anything more to ask for than that. See it, you won't be disappointed.
Wonderful show!!  We thoroughly enjoyed it.  Beautiful theater with great seating... "not a bad seat in the house" is really accurate.
Beautiful show.  Classical with a lot of acrobatics.  Very dark, great story about heaven/hell, good/evil.. . LOVE LOVE LOVE!. . The cheapest tickets are for the first two rows because they are in the "splash zone".  You barely get splashed.  In my opinion these are the BEST SEATS in the house because you are right up front, and not to mention they are the cheapest is a huge plus!  Try to get the seats in the B row, so you are the second row and have less chances of getting "splashed".
This is an incredible show! It was so worth the money. I had really good seats courtesy of AngeLiKa Boutique Concierge. Awesome price for the tickets, awesome seats, awesome show! See for yourself. Nuff-said.
I've seen plenty of Las Vegas shows (including Cirque shows...which this is not) and Le Reve is simply the best (even as a huge Phantom fan I must admit this!)  For anyone who loves dance, art, a little fantasy and breathe taking visuals, you will love this.  I was fully engaged every minute of this show, it has a little bit of something for everyone: latin dancing, aerials, synchronized swimming, diving, contemporary dancing, even some tribal dancing.  But the best part of this show is that you no matter where you sit, your seats are good because the show is in the round.  The cheap seats are right in the front.  Personally, I would rather sit in the front or middle than up top (the expensive seats) because you're right in it, even if you don't have the best view of some of the aerials.  . . Again, Le Reve is a must see -- breathtaking and gorgeous!
I have seen a lot of Vegas shows (O, Mystere, etc) and this one takes the top prize!!!. We were jokingly going to take in Thunder Down Under to get our fill of hot guys, but never fear!  Le Reve does not disappoint! There are about 50 hunks with amazing muscles to gawk over here!. Graceful theatrics and a beautiful, intimate feeling sitting in the circular theatre. I was blown away by the scenery, the lighting, the music and of course, the dancing in the water. What a thrill to experience this show. Literally everyone around us left saying "this was the BEST show we have ever seen!!!" . GO SEE IT! What are you waiting for!?!
I have seen this show 2 times, and I am planning to see it again!  I have seen Ka at MGM, and Ovo in Santa Monica, and those just do not compare to Le Reve.  I literally sat in awe with my mouth open during the entire Le Reve performance.  I'm afraid to see another Cirque show (please note, this is not technically Cirque de Soleil but essentially it is) for fear that it won't be as good.  The aerial stunts are amazing, and the performers' bodies are insane.  I'd say a good seat is somewhere halfway up the rows.  And don't worry about where you are otherwise; the round theater makes all seating great!
AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!. WOW! This was the BEST show we have ever seen. We have seen many other shows in the past, but this tops it all.  The seats are allgood seats, because of the round theater.  The fee's were not that bad, considering, you could of gambled that money away. To us, it was worth every penny. . . This show had a combination of everything:. Romance, Humor, Dancing, Diving, Acrobatics, Music, Color, etc... . truly the best ever. . . would I see it again? yes, over and over and over! . would I recommend it to anyone? YES everyone!!!
My boyfriend and I went to the 7pm show.  The person who took our reservation on the phone was telling the truth when she said there is not a bad seat in the house.  The seats surround the stage.  I don't want to tell too much about the actual storyline because I don't want to ruin it for those that plan to see it.  The sound and light system are great.  The people in the show are so athletic and entertaining! There is so much action to watch above you, behind you, in the isles, on stage...I plan to see the show again and take my sisters.
Hands down, this is probably THE best show I've seen in thus far and I've seen a lot in Vegas. Intimate venue and not a bad seat in the house, except for the splash zone of course. We sat 5 rows behind the splash seats and it was just fine! I was blown away by this show and I know it sounds corny, but it's truly magical. The costumes, the colors, the talent was put together so brilliantly. I highly recommend this show. It's very comparable to the infamous Cirque "O", but the main difference is the size of the production. I felt that O had too much going on and I would have to watch it a few more times just to appreciate every aspect of the show. La Reve, on the other hand is more focused and intimate while delivering the same quality and talent. . . LOVED IT!!
Extraordinary.
My first show and I loved it! It is magical and awe-inspiring. My jaws dropped a couple of times and I was laughing and smiling a lot! All in all a GREAT show. I got splash zone tickets as they were the cheapest and it was a lot of fun as we could see a lot of the things up close - just watch out for a little water.
This has to be one of the BEST shows I've ever seen!  I highly recommend  this show, is a must see in Las Vegas!
A perfectly entertaining dream.
Le Reve is one of my favorite shows. It's like a cirque show, and it may seem like a cirque show, but sorry guys its not a cirque show. Who cares though! The show is amazing! Very fun, intimate, and sensual. They have such a fun interior as well. The show performs in a very deep (I think 100 foot) pool. It consists of fun dance choreography, stunts, dives, and acrobatics.. . If you are all for getting a little wet, I'd suggest to book seats at the water zone area. We had great seats a little up top of the theater. I like staying up high so I can get a full view of everything that's going on. Being up close at shows makes my eyes hurt because of all the effects, lighting, and movement everywhere. . . The great part also is that every seat is a good seat, and you get a great view of everything. Just a heads up, the wet zone is NOT a VIP zone if you think being upfront is always the VIP or best section. VIP section is actually at the very top. If you're willing to fork up a little extra cash, you get nice comfy seats, a bottle of champagne, and chocolate strawberries (I lurked at the VIPs and saw...). . If you're looking for a nice anniversary show, or a REALLY IMPRESSIVE date, I'd definitely suggest this place.
Apparently, this is everything Wynn wanted in a Cirque show but couldn't get at the Bellagio. I can't compare this to "O" or "Ka"; but have seen Mystere and Love and would rate this the best one yet!. . Although it doesn't have the "Cirque" title; this show was apparently produced by the original creators of Mystere.  . . Amazing and extremely technical & difficult acts to execute especially since the "dancers" are wet!  The "ballroom" dancing does get a bit old though.. . I want to learn more about the stage and how the dancers managed to stay under water for so long.  Simply amazing, and totally worth the $250 price tag for 2 people.
This is the absolute best show I've every seen. We took our chances and sat in the "wet zone" and it seriously was the most memorable purchase I made in Vegas. The stage is built on a huge tank of water and the gymnasts do tricks both in and out of the water. Words can't describe how great the show was, you HAVE to see it to believe it.
A deserved 5 stars. . . Literally, during the entire show my mouth was hanging open in sheer amazement. So impressive and absolutely breathtaking!! . . The Wynn Theater is much smaller and intimate compared to others. The stage is center, bottom floor and the seats wrap around and rise upwards in a circular arrangement. It doesn't matter where your seat is, every seat is a good seat because its so small. When walking in, the feeling is misty and slightly humid because of the pool main stage. . . "Le Reve" means The Dream in french. Really, I felt like I was a part of this whimsical dream! Beautiful costumes, stunning aerobics/gymnastics/dancing, design of the set was genius and constantly changing, and the live music was spectacular! Every single person in the show is an astounding athlete. And just when you think one portion of the show was amazing, the next comes along and tops the last! A show that is continually jaw-dropping and full of talented people. Highly recommended. A show that I will never forget.. . *no photos during the show... but we snuck some :)
Awesome show. It was spectacular!!!!!  Must see!
I would see it again!  This was a beautiful show with spectacular choreography and incredible stunts.  In a word - awesome!
I love to write reviews, but when it comes to Vegas shows, I like to keep it simple. . . This show is awesome!. . It's busy, as in way too many amazing things happening at once, but I can't hate on that. . . The tickets were comped b/c I dropped 4 grand at the blackjack table. Kidding! The tickets were free b/c my girlfriend was randomly selected by the marketing group Wynn uses to give out perks. . . It may not be worth $142 a ticket (it can get more expensive dependent upon where you like to sit) but it's really cool.
From the beginning to the end, it was a fantastic dream.
Stunning aquabatics - actors/acrobats are beautifully talented and athletic. Choreography and coordination are superb, as are the costumery, sets and music. Incredible use of space, water and lighting - every detail is executed to maximum effect. Couldn't really follow the dream sequence story line quite well, but each of the acts was phenomenal and simply stunning. The Wynn Theatre is very intimate / theatre-in-the-round, which makes all the seats very decent. . . Have been to one Cirque show before, but Le Reve certainly exceeded my expectations and sets a standard hard to beat.
This was one great show, even at $125+ per ticket.  The setting in the circular theater was intimate as there must not be more than 12 or 13 rows of seating.  The staging was amazing with the water and stages which come up from below and from above there is a space ship like structure from where performers drop and spin on cables.  I just cannot believe the height from which they descend and rose, and in one scene they dive from near the top of the theater.  That water must be over 20 to 30 feet deep!  I finally figured out the story line long after the show while nursing a drink at the slot machine, but no matter, it was the dancing, acrobatics, and sheer physical skills that made this show great for me.  And how about the blooming flower like props and things that seem to come out of nowhere and the lighting effects!  Seemed like it was all computer generated, but it was genuinely real and we loved it.
My boyfriend brought my here for our 4 year anniversary as a surprise and I really hadn't heard anything about the show so I didn't know what to expect.. . La Reve literally blew me away.  I've watched a few cirque shows and the premise is basically the same: good music, acrobats, and some kind of underlying story line.  But La Reve is based around a love story and a dream so the whole show had that dreamy feel.  The ambiance was breathtaking and the music really matched it.  The water elements in the show were flawless.  I also loved how they incorporated ball room dance with their usual acrobats.. . I would definitely recommend this to any cirque fans or for a romantic date.
This is one of the best shows I have ever seen on the Strip. The choreography is unmatched, the water and ballroom dancing? How about the young lady being swept underneath a pool while sleeping on a bench? My wife and I enjoyed this show, the ambiance, music and storyline is impressive. I can watch this show for days, it is very original and unique. The acrobatics into the pool is magical, this show requires performers to really earn their paychecks daily. I didn't see any misstep while the stage and pool kept changing the elements. If you go to Vegas with yours truly, spend about $300 and enjoy this show.
Best Show in Vegas! I went for my 22nd birthday and last night with a girlfriend and I love this show. I went to lion king and was so disappointed because i kept comparing it to the le reve. I think if you are visiting las vegas this is a "MUST SEE" show before leaving. I'm not to much into the whole story line but its still good i love the water/air show. The acrobats that the men and women do is just jaw breaking. wow women having the muscles to hold men up in the air is just amazing i know there is a rope attached but there has to be some weight behind it. The costumes are just neat to see and all the props they use are neat too. If i got another tickets for le reve again i would go again for the third time. :)
One of the best show I have ever been to. Not quite sureif there is a real storyline - but that doesn't matter anyway. Just sit back, relax and be impressed by an explosion of color, music and artistic brilliance.. We booked  the VIP Indulge Package which might influence our experience as we had a perfect (over)view -besides some champagne :-) The backstage cameras where technically interesting, but you forget about them once the show kicks-off.. The show is just spectacular and there is so much simultaneously happening, that right after the show we thought about going there a second or third time, to "see it all". Most likely we will revisit next time in Vegas.
Quite possibly the best show on the Strip.  Le Reve is like the sophisticated version of a Cirque du Soleil show, without the elements of the strange, slightly creepy, and bizarre.  Instead, the mood is more surreal, and it's easy to see the inspiration of being in a dream-like state (Hence the name, Le Reve), in this show.  There is literally no bad seat in the house, since the theater is so small.  Since it is so small, it is amazing what acrobatics the performers can do in just a small amount of space.  Le Reve captures many elements and emotions into a single 1.5 hour show: love, beauty, mystery, comedy, and the list goes on.  Music ranges from romantic ballads to the visceral pounding of drums and a more hard rock edge.  If you want to see just one show on the Strip, this is the one to see!
Absolutely amazing. I wanted to see O by Cirque, but heard this is better (and cheaper, though not cheap). I decided  to go with Le Reve and used the code DSAVE30 over the phone to save $30. We got the regular seats, which were awesome! Not the cheapest or most expensive. The splash zone is pretty low and you really should get the level up for seats. . . The seats in the arena are very comfy and plush! We didn't partake in the concessions but there were a lot available. There is a nice store with Le Reve gear outside the entrance, and I bought a few things there.. . The show started and I was awestruck the ENTIRE time (unlike in LOVE by Cirque, which I also saw).These performers are TRUE ATHLETES and absolutely fabulous in their skills. The stage turns from stage to pool to pool and stage seamlessly. The music goes perfectly with the show. Some of the tricks they did were unbelievable. I won't give them away here, but they took my breath away.. . I got my fill of Vegas and don't care about coming back to see anything but shows... and this one would be #1 on my list to see again, despite the cost. I can't wait to come back so I can see it again. JUST GO. You won't regret it.
One Word Review: AMAZING.. . . . . Ok, I have a few more words about the show!. Breathtaking, intense, fascinating, entertaining, incredible.. . This is one of - perhaps the BEST, show I have ever been to. . . I don't recall how we ended up with tickets here but I think it was on our pre-planning to Vegas. We bought the tickets online and even though it was a little pricey, we didn't think it would be anything more than the "typical" Cirque du Soleil style show. Not taking ANYTHING away from CdS - all of the shows are phenomenal, but we usually pay half of what we paid here when the tours come around South Florida. But, it's Vegas - higher prices expected. BUT, man they delivered! . . Awesome stage, and great view from pretty much everywhere. . Although the tickets aren't the cheapest, they are somewhat reasonable for "Vegas shows" and are worth every penny.. . I've often times compared it to "O" which is also a phenomenal show, but this one takes the cake. It is a "water show" conducted inside a huge tank with a platform that raises and lowers with each segment of the show. There are some awesome moments where the performers dive into the tank - and you don't realize just how deep the tank is!. . It's always crazy to me that these folks have pinpoint accuracy when performing their routines. Not one slip up (that we noticed) and on a stage that is wet that is a huge accomplishment.
I was with 6 others and we all agreed that the show was absolutely spectacular.  I'll definitely be seeing it again next time I go.
Fabulous, amazing, unbelievable, what else can I say. From start to finish your engaged not wanting to miss a single thing. You get wrapped up in the love story yet are always wondering how do they do all this! . . Wonderful way to encorporate water with acrobatics.. . A must see!!
I loved loved loved this show. It's about a women's dream about love. . . I saw in the first row and got lots of splash but it was still fun. I noticed if you get VIP seating you get to watch the show above the water and you get a TV screen to watch what is going on below the water. I will definitely go for these seats next time. . . This shows has ballroom dancing, synchronized swimming, acrobatics, and soo much more! Everything amazed me about this show and there wasn't a second that was boring or dull. . . Absolutely Recommended!
This show was AMAZING!!!. . A friend of mine gave my husband and I two tickets to this awesome show. It was our first Cirque du Soleil show ever, so I guess that's why I think it's so great.. . It was extremely entertaining, and beautiful. The story was pretty cool too. It really was like a "dream.". . I highly recommend it!
One of the best shows I ever been to in my whole entire life. The theme & lighting were amazing and so were the dancers.  the water theme and swimmers did a great job and I highly recommend this show to anyone.  It's well worth the cost.
I wanted to go see O, but some in my group couldn't justified spending the $$ on the tickets so I picked Le Reve because it was offered at the Tix4tonight booth and has the water aspect that I really wanted to see. We were able to get pretty high seats for about $115 a piece which everyone was happy with seeing. . . We almost didn't make the show because our dinner ran a little late but luckily we were in the Wynn anyway. Because the lights had turn down already, the ushers allowed up to sit in the VIP seats. On my word...those seats were heavenly. Wide luxurious seats with plenty of room for your legs and the behind the scene montor. If I were to go back, I would pay for those seats because it takes the whole experience to the next level. In those seats, you can see everything.. . The show itself is gorgeous, mouth dropping, and exciting from the beginning to the end. The stunts, dance, and the music lived up to the cirque du soleil caliber even though it isn't a cirque du soleil show. Because it is a water show, there were less aerobatic stunts, but the diving ones made up for it. . . Definitely do not miss this show in one of the most gorgeous casino hotel in Las Vegas.
One word: Stunning!. I took my parents to Le Reve and they were lost for words. I loved the show too. Its a water acrobatics show which looks larger than life. You need to watch it to understand what I mean. All seats are equally good since it is a round theater, unless you get the front row seats where there CAN be water splashing (Not sure but they call it a Splash Zone). The summary of the show is about a girl who goes to sleep and gets various dreams about her man of her life. The show started off to such heights that I was bowled, almost had tears in my eyes in awe. However, I did feel some loose bits in the middle of the show when you cannot understand the purpose of that feat. As in, I started getting bored in between when I found some feats totally unrelated and unnecessary. But overall, I would rate it a 4.5 out of 5. If you are in Vegas, you cannot miss Le Reve...atleast...try not to! :)
Amazing show. Pretty much everything the people said it was going to be. It's just a little more theatrical and interesting then the O.
What a fantastic show! My fiance and I were in Vegas this past weekend and only had a few things on our agenda (dinners + Garth). Aside from dinner reservations on Friday night, our calendars were open so we decided to take in a cool Cirque-esque show while we were in town (neither of us has seen a Cirque show). I'm not sure what we were expecting, but this exceeded my expectations -- by far. The show was a bit hyper stimulating at time (just soooo much going on) but I was constantly mesmerized: dancing, acrobatics, gymnastics, diving, fire, water... just so many amazing elements that came together to make this show. From what I hear, it's one of the better shows of this kind, so I'm glad this is the one that we took in. If you're thinking of seeing it: DO IT! Highly entertaining and super memorable.
I really love this show! It delivers the WOW!-factor with all the Cirque-type amazing aqua-acrobatics, and keeps you entertained the whole way through. Seriously, the performers were doing twists & turns & jumps & moves I didn't even know  was humanly possible. The diving segment was my favorite. Hats off to all the amazing performers!! . . A little tip about the seating..... The venue is an intimate circular theater, with the circular pool in the center as it's stage. There are only 12 rows of seating, so yes, basically every seat has a great view & you really can't go wrong. The first 2 rows are considered "splash zone" ($105/seat), the next 9 rows (Rows 3-11) are Premium seats ($129/seat) and the last row (Row 12) is the VIP/Dream seats (ranging from $155 to $195/seat.).  I have sat in the 1st row (splash) and 5th row (premium) and can honestly say I much preferred the premium row. I'm not discouraging the splash zone seats because of the threat of getting wet.... In fact, I only got a sprinkle of water while in the first row (if even that)! The reason I suggest the premium section is because this show has SO much to see and by sitting a bit further back, you'll be able to take in more visually.  There is also a lot of the acts happening high up (way high up, from the ceiling).... and I found myself straining my neck to see all that was going on up high, whereas you could view it all at ease sans the neck strain if you were in premium:)  Also, I don't think it's worth it to get the VIP/Dream seats.... other than it offering a super plushy comfy chair (and champagne & choco covered strawberries) , one of the perks to those seats is that it includes a video monitor in front the seat, which I heard is streaming you live feed of all the backstage and underwater action during the show, but believe me, you'll have so much to watch on stage, I don't think you want to waste your time watching the monitor ;)
WHOA - all I have to say is the Cirque folks that do the creations, what imaginations they have (or serious drug intake) KIDDING. :). . I really didn't know what to expect, I refrained from reading a lot out it, I am a Cirque fan so I knew it would be good and they didn't let me know.. . Decent ticket price actually, compared to other shows and it's at the Wynn - - oh and while walking out of The Wynn,  Justin Timberlake strolled right by.. . I recommend buying tickets to this show BEFORE you go to Vegas, don't wait until you get there to buy show tickets or youcould miss out.
This is my favorite show in Vegas.  Highly recommend it whether you have seen other show or not.  The show is about a dream a young girl is having.  I don't want to give too much away but the show leaves you breathless at times.. . Not a bad seat in the house as the stage is circular and no matter where you seat you can see everything.. . Very creative and fantastic way to spend a couple of hours,
This is the best one in Vegas in my opinion. Seen it more than 5 times.. . Just go you won't regret!
This show is awesome! Second only to "O" but they are two completely different shows.  It's based on a dream so expect to be a little confused and just go with it.  It's a dream. Strange shit is supposed to happen in it. . . It's visually beautiful and worth the money.  Here's a tip, don't get seats near the front of the stage.  There is so much going on everywhere that you might get a neck ache sitting too close to the stage.  You want to book seats at least in row H or above in order to fully enjoy everything. It's a small venue so you don't really have any "bad" seats. . . Words can't really do it justice but I'll try to describe the show. . . If you took all the alien studs from Prometheus, throw in hot high heeled, synchronized swimmers, some salsa dancers and one devil guy and made a semi love story out of it, you would get Le Reve. Kind of. . . maybe? . . It's basically a show with a bunch of hot dudes, beautiful babes, some dancing, some magic, acrobats and a bit of humor. Enjoy.
La Reve was such an amazing show. Steve Winn's version of Cirque du Soleil, and you really couldn't tell the difference if you ask me. I wish I would have read a story synopsis before I went, but once I heard it was about a bizarre dream world it made much more sense. I loved the water throughout the whole show, especially at the end when you see the mechanics the most as it rises out of the water. . . The people in this show are so talented and have such intricate costumes. It truly is  amazing. I think the acrobatics throughout the show, the dramatic music, and crazy splashing in the water made this a great show a go see!
I travel to Las Vegas at least twice a year and have seen many of the shows and acts.  I went to see La Reve last weekend as I was in Vegas for the Rock and Roll 1/2 Marathon and they offered a discount ticket for running the race.  It was an amazing show.  The choreography was beautiful.  There was so much going on at one time that I think I could watch the show several more times and see different elements that I missed.  The entire audience was captivated by the performance.  The performers also seemed to enjoy the show which always makes it enjoyable.  I would highly recommend this show to anyone looking for an unforgettable experience in Vegas.
This has only been my second show in Vegas. I watched Cirque du Soleil's Ka, but man, this is THE BEST. My friend and I were deciding between this and Zumanity. Considering we were staying at the Wynn, we made the best choice with Le Reve. We sat at the premium seatings (which is discounted a little bit if you stay at the hotel), and in the circular theater, there was so much going on from the pool to the ceilings. It was simply amazing! Thumbs up to all the performers! A must-see show when you're in Vegas!
Ah, such a beautiful show! Ok, it isn't that big of a deal, but there seems to be some confusion about this. It is not a Cirque show.. it was written and produced by Dragone who also did Cirque shows but later left, so this is not a Cique production.  The theater is relatively small and round which means there are really no bad seats, and something is always happening and there is no down time to be bored. And actually, the front "water zone" seats are not the VIP seats. VIP seats here are the top row where you are served champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. . . The storyline is absolutely beautiful. I loved the music which truly set the mood for the story. The acrobatics and choreography were stunning. I was in awe of the performers' abilities throughout the show. The visuals and props were also perfect. At one point they released doves, which is another thing that sets them apart from a Cirque show. Cirque never uses or incorporates live animals into their performances. Anyway, this show is all about its visuals and the mood set while you are there, therefore it is impossible to truly convey how enjoyable it really is. The show runs 75 minutes and is dark Wed and Thursdays.
Wow...This was a beautiful water show with a romantic story. I want to see it again! It was worth every penny.
While visiting Vegas I really wanted to see Cirque de Soleil's O - but thought it was too expensive. The concierge at my hotel suggested Le Reve - saying that it was done by the same guy who did O etc, so I got myself a ticket and.... . ... I was BLOWN AWAY! I think I might actually like it more than Cirque (I've seen 3 Cirque shows so far). The story line flowed beautifully. I liked that there was more dancing than in the Cirque shows I've seen and the music was great. Even though some reviewers said that the place is small - that doesn't change the fact that there was a lot going on - to a point where at some times I didn't know which dancers/acrobats to follow. I was almost afraid to miss something! . . I would go see this show any day of the week! My one suggestion is to go with the little bit better tickets - with an online discount I still was able to get them for cheaper than the splash zone seats. I would want to try those seats one day though - because at some points if the shows the dancers are right in front of those splash zone seats.
This is my 4th Cirque show and it is by far the best one!  I love the use of the water stage.  The best part were the synchronized swimmers who at one point were under water for like 5 minutes with their legs in the air dancing to the music.  It was so cool!  I thought at first they must be mechanical legs cause it was so perfect.  But they were real. . . The music was so good, I would actually buy the soundtrack.  The first half girl who is having the dream just walks around looking at everything going on.  Then sh finally gets in on the action and she dances.  I was very impressed with her dancing, especially in the number where there are three couples dancing and she dances with each guy.  It was a really great show!
GREAT GREAT SHOW!. The coolest show I have ever seen. The setting was very beautiful and creative.
OK so this is my favorite show of all time and we see a lot of shows in Vegas. . . Performers coming from everywhere, the water ballet is incredible, and the diving is amazingly high.. . It's a theater in the round and you sit around the stage/pool, there really isn't a bad seat!. . Please see this show, you'll be so happy you did.
The elephant in the room is Cirque du Soleil's "O". I saw Le Reve three nights after "O", and Le Reve is far better:. . 1) Le Reve is a more intimate stage as the audience sits around the pool 360 degrees. Le Reve had less clown time. And Le Reve had more action / acrobatics. It's a no-brainer. What's sad is we saw O on a Wed night and Le Reve on a Sat night and, despite having hundreds more seats, O was far more packed than Le Reve. Brand recognition does matter.. . 2) Price. O is far more expensive - outrageously expensive. Tickets are almost $200 (best Le Reve tickets are about $115). It's not worth it. There are too many other entertainment options on The Strip for a fraction of that price, like Le Reve.. . Le Reve has more action, less of the extensive clown sideshow that "O" has, a smaller more intimate stage, and is just more entertaining.. . My only complaint is that the theatre was too hot. Maybe they wanted to help the performers be more comfortable, but the "O" Theatre wasn't that hot.
Excellent show. Very Next-gen.   All of the performers were in amazing shape, and very well synchronized.  I saw Zarcana the night before, and this show completely blew it out of the water, both literally and figuratively.  This show is truly a must-see.  I also love walking around the Wynn, Fabulous people watching, and a great attention to detail throughout.
My favorite show in Las Vegas and I've been to alot of them.  . . Enough said!   A must see.
After you watch this show, you'll never look at water or swimming quite the same again. This is a MUST see and I was on the edge of my seat for every minute of it. . . It's a great story of boy meets girl, commitment collapse, and the long, difficult journey to right a wrong. Sound confusing? It won't be if you watch carefully and with an open mind. . . Located in the Wynn Hotel & Casino, La Reve - The Dream, take place in the Wynn Theater. And believe me, this is a theater unlike any you've ever seen before. . . You know how you can get a little bored and antsy waiting for a show to start? Not here. Just hanging out in this unique showroom was fun. So much to look at. You'll love it. . . The show, well, I don't want to give anything away. Just be prepared for a visual feast. Lots of drama, emotion, surprises, and stunts. AND they don't pull anyone from the audience to come up and take the stage (always a plus for me...hate being part of the show). . . If you've got a night in Vegas and are up for a show, take in La Reve. Tickets aren't on the lowend, but are totally worth it.
Le Reve is a jaw dropping show that will certainly have your attention for sure.. . If you like acrobatics and swimming then this show is definitely for you.. . The sitting arrangements are great.   ( you will not be disappointed ). . The dancers are amazing to the point where you will not even want to go to the bathroom because you will afraid t that you missed something ( which will probably happen because there isn't a dull moment in Le Reve). . All in all Re Reve certainly that my attention and I will  definitely come back on my next trip to Las Vegas
La Reve was an amazing show! The performers were extremely talented and it showed. My husband and I had a great time and would definitely do it again. It's a great experience for couples who can appreciate artistic expression. The price was well worth the experience.
It's been 3 days and my fiance and I are still raving about this show.  I RARELY give 5 stars to anything on yelp.  I feel like people waive around 5's for dive bars and garbage shows.  This was just unbelievable. . . I still cannot even fathom how such a show was created.  It felt like thousands of performers and so much to watch.....and the best part - it tells a story.  Unlike most other shows where you get just a bunch of high wire acts...this walks you through a dream...and it's a bit of good vs evil.. . Jaw still on the floor.  I would see this every time I come to Vegas.  And that is saying something because I'm a tight wad!  haha. . Of the naysayers - . the people below that give it bad ratings don't seem to know a few things.  . . A - it's not a Cirque show.  B.  It's called "the dream" - why the heck doesn't anyone read.  They complain they didn't understand and then later go..oh it's a dream.  It's in the title!  Le Reve - the dream!   C.  They don't like the Le Reve is the best water show over their beloved "O".  Why can't someone enjoy both!  . . ho hum.  Go see it!
i couldn't wait to get back to my hotel to write a review about le reve. saw mystere last time and was weirded out by it... like literally. thought it was just fucking weird as shit, so i was very skeptical of all these vegas shows but my friend recommended it and she also got us employee discounts.. so we gave it a try.. . let me tell you.. my husband, our friend, and i was fucking blown away by this show. i would've paid full price and be more than satisfied by it. literally from the beginning to the end the only words that came out of my mouth were "omg", "wow", and "wtf....?". yeah.. it's THAT good. . . the music gets your adrenaline pumping and you see the band playing the music that the performers and performing to.. you see the singers singing the songs.. it's fucking epic. but seriously.. the music got my heart pumping.. i felt like i needed to go out there and do some cart wheels. . . seating arrangements are great.. you have a view from wherever you sit. it's awesome. also the popcorn was ON POINT. 100x better than the movie theater popcorn. . . OH and you can take pictures! say whatttttttttttt? yes you can! so don't forget to bring your camera!! just remember.. NO RECORDING!
Having seen every Circque du Soliel show in Las Vegas, I thought this would just be another show along the same lines of Mystere, O, Ka, etc.  Although there certainly are parallels to the CdS shows, this really stood out. . . Don't go expecting a story, but the stage is really the star of the show.  Like Fellini's 8 1/2, this is a series of random events and encounters loosely themed around a woman searching for her lost love.  Really truly a visual and musical experience, with several scenes that took the audience's breath away.. . Really really highly recommended.
My wife and I went to Le Reve in November of 2012.  It's good enough that I'm taking the kids to Las Vegas to see this again in April.. . Le Reve means The Dream, and so is the show.  It is loosely based on a thread of logic but it is after all, a dream.  Non sequiturs are the norm, because it is a dream people.  . . The presentation is beautiful, the action is better than any of the Cirque Du Soleil acts in Vegas.  I'veseen O, Ka, Mystere, Zumanity and Le Reve is best.
The most amazing acrobatic show I have ever seen. Period. There is simply nothing like this and it's worth every penny you spend on it. It's an experience you will never forget. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!
Just an all around great show! The water, the stage, the performers... Left us speechless for hours! We still talk about this show months after attending!
holy crap. . . so i had never been to a cirque de soliel style show before...and what a way to start! once you get past the part that there really isn't much of a plot (or maybe i just didn't get it) and start to focus on all of the amazing ways these people are contorting their bodies, i was blown away. the lighting, decor and the fact that it was a water show was amazing too! . . the show itself is just a stunning spectacular to watch. don't go expecting a plot, just go to appreciate how beautiful the performance and decor are! totally worth it.
Breathtaking.  Having lived in Sin City for nearly 6 years, I thought I had seen it all.  I've seen basically every major show in town and Le Reve was the last on my stop.  I wasn't expecting much because, frankly, in a city like this, entertainment standards are set pretty high.  Although this is not a Cirque show, it clearly has Cirque influences.  Overall, it has a lot more action than it's Cirque counterpart ("O").  . . I don't want to give too many details away about the show itself, because it truly needs to be experienced firsthand.  Suffice it to say that the music, lighting, and performances were so beautiful.  Very ethereal, but plenty of action to keep you awake (I fell asleep during O, but I had also had a martini).  The seats are also super comfortable and there is plenty of leg room.   The design of the theater ensures that every seat gets a good show.  The plot is very abstract, so if you simply cannot stand to watch anything without a linear plot, don't go to this show.  Everyone else:  If you're going to see one show while in Vegas (and you are too uptight to see Absinthe), you must go to Le Reve.
INCREDIBLE!  Absolutely the BEST show I have ever seen in my life.  I was captivated in the SPLASH zone and would go back again and again.
Out of all the shows I have seen on the strip "Le Reve" is my favorite. It is beautiful and has the OH SHIEEEEEET factor with all the cool stunts they do. There is a little bit of a story line, good music, talented performers. At first I thought this was a cirque show but I think this show is better than any cirque show. The theater is beautiful as well with comfortable seats. I highly recommend this show!. . HOT TIP: It is a smaller venue so basically any seat is a great seat.. so save your $$$
What a show! After falling asleep watching Ka at MGM, I decided to get tickets for this show on the recommendation of a co-worker who was a local.. . The show did not disappoint. A seat towards the middle is best, so you don't have to crane your neck up to see all the aerial amazingness. This show has it all -- the acrobatics, the water elements (fantastic diving, synchronized swimming, etc), and MAGIC! The theater size was just right--small enough so it feels intimate but large enough for performing all the stunts. There were times where I couldn't believe all they could do with the space available!. . Overall, a show not to be missed. There is a reason why it's been around for so long!
Amazing Show!!! Loved it, we got the tickets for free but I would pay to see this show. It was funny and exhilarating and had me on the edge of my seat when everyone was jumping into the water from these crazy heights.
Breathtaking!!! Left me spell bound is all I can say.....you have to watch it to believe...............was worth every penny I spent booking the tickets.......it definitely has some "O" signature.....but is as good, if not better than "O"................1 thing I loved about the show was there was minimal comedy stuff.....for me the comedy stuff that "O" has in the middle is just too lengthy and a time wasting strategy............... For those of you who have seen "O", I would probably rate it same as "O"....it has been 2 years since I have seen "O" though and I am not sure whether they have added anything new to the show in the last 2 years............ . Highly recommend this to anyone visiting Las Vegas and want to go in for a Cirque type show
This is hands down the best show in Vegas.  I love the theater, the performance, the music.  A MUST SEE!!!
Love, love,love this show. It was outstanding. I got the VIP package for my wife and I. It was well worth the money.  We had a video screen we could look at for behind the scenes.  The show is so colorful, it's so engaging. You don't want to take your eyes off the show. The colors, the water, the arena.  They all are part of this show.  It is a must see.  If you can get the VIP with the champagne and chocolate.  Perfect.  Also check out the Wynn. We had dinner at the SW. Yum
Oh Le Reve, oh la la! . . Le Reve is the fabulous show at the Wynn Hotel and Casino.  It is a beautiful, breathtaking aquatic show.  The name Le Reve actually means The Dream in French, which plays nicely with its main theme and storyline.  The show is about you going into the the dreams of the main character and going on a fantastical adventure through the main character's subconscious mind.  And what an adventure it is!. . This show was created by the mastermind Dragone.  He is the one that created O, Mystere, and Celine Dion's first Vegas show.  He used to be with Cirque but has since gone out on his own because the man is an artistic genius!  The man definitely knows what he is doing when it comes to dreaming up these amazing Vegas shows.  You ask how I know these things, well I used to be a concierge here in town and was lucky enough to attend several behind the scenes tours of this show, so I picked up some fun info right in the show itself.. . I really don't want to say too much about the show because I don't want to ruin it for you, but it is just a beautiful show.  It does have some Cirque-style acrobatics in it, as well asa lot of other fun imagery.  It is my favorite water show in town and I think it kicks the other water show to the curb!  . . The theater is a huge circle, so no matter where you are sitting, you have the same view as the person directly across from you.  There are no bad seats but there are wet seats, but those are just more fun, in my opinion.  The action takes place in a 360 degree stage, as well as going from beneath the water to the top of the theater.  No matter which direction you are looking, you will be watching something amazing going on.  The show has so many different scenes that you are always on the edge of your seat wondering what they are going to do next.  . . Le Reve is simply beautiful, dark, mysterious, lovely, funny, and magnificent. all rolled up in one delightful package.  I think it is a must see show on the Vegas Strip for locals and visitors.
Heck yes. This show has it all- aerial acts, water shooting out of everything, creepy people running around, and muscle men flexing.. . My friend and I went to this show- which is very pricey- and loved it. I have not seen O, but I guess it is suppose to be the rival of Le Reve, or the other way around. Either way, it was awesome.. . The whole show revolves around a young woman and her dream of love- so yes, there are half naked women running around with the muscle men and it is sooo cool! The stage moves up and down, and so does the water, which makes you wonder how the hell they manage to not knock their heads against the hard stage or fly off into the crowds whilst swinging from wet ropes. . . This is NOT a Cirque show, but it is very Cirquest, so fans of the other shows will like this one as well.
I have seen Le Reve twice and I currently have tickets right now to see it again. For someone that is about to see this production for a third time, yes you guessed it, I am a fan! I even have the soundtrack so I guess that makes me a super fan!!. . The La Reve theater is a beautiful one of a kind circular theater that was built just for this production. There is not a bad seat in the house. Because of the circular seating design, every time I see the show I get a whole new perspective, thus the show is always exciting to see again. . . For those that are comparing La Reve to a Cirque show, I feel that the Cirque show will come up short every time. Just go into it knowing that the translation for La Reve means "The Dream" and let yourself get lost in the show. I think you will come away impressed and amazed. . . For those that say the tickets are pricey, remember that you pay for what you get. . This show is a must see if you are thinking about seeing a Vegas show. It is one of my all time favorites and I have seen a few Vegas shows, including: ( in no particular order) . -Celine Dion. -Garth Brooks. -"O". -The Beatles LOVE. -Absinthe. -Mamma Mia. -The Lion King. -Mystere. -Rock of Ages. -The Rat Pack. -Penn and Teller. -Jabbawockeez. -The Amazing Jonathan
Le Reve is simply beautiful.. . The costumes, music, choreography, and watery stage all amount to an incredible experience. Sure, there isn't a substantial story to it, but this show is all about soaking in the visuals, drama, and aquatic acrobatics (aquabatics?) while sitting a gorgeous, cozy theater.. . This isn't a Cirque du Soleil production, but it easily matches or exceeds the Las Vegas Cirque shows I've seen in quality.. . Must see!
At the Wynn in Vegas. An excellent show. Similar to "O" but more athleticism.  I was totally taken in for the entire hour and 15 minutes. The theater is round so everyone can see everything. The first 2-3 rows in the front are slash zones. . . This was the first time I have seen it. Others who have seen it previously have noted positive changes in the show from previous years.. . You will not be disappointed!
Firstly, if you call the reservation line, you might have to wait a while but the people are so helpful and friendly it is worth it!  I had called and asked about military and local discounts as well as any other offers and the person helping me ran each of them to get the best discount.  (I'm sure they probably wanted to strangle me at the end, but they were courteous and polite the whole time!). . So I went to see Le Reve with a couple of friends who were in town.  I've seen Cirque shows and musicals on the strip but none were as visually stunning as Le Reve.  The ambiance is set from the moment you walk into the theater (which goes all the way around the stage, so there really are no bad seats).  . . It is an elegant show with a little storyline and incredibly talented actors/performers.  I was engaged throughout the entire show (that does not happen often as I usually ... SQUIRREL!) and my friends and I kept pointing out little things on the periphery.  There was so much movement and activity going on but it never felt overwhelming, the show flowed very nicely.  . . HIGHLY recommend if you want to see a show and don't forget to ask about discounts!  :)
There is no bad seat in this show. Very entertaining and breath taking. You will get your money's worth in every scene. If you like acrobatics and a dramatic water show, this is the one to watch.
Le Reve is definitely an appropriate title for this show. Set in the Wynn, it's a bit out of the way of the central part of the Vegas strip, but it's worth the walk over. . . My friend and I were lucky enough to score front row seats (splash zone) to the show right by the main stage entrance/exit. Warning: You will get wet, but who doesn't want to be splashed by muscular men wearing tight pants? Exactly. Anyways, they story line to this show is amazing and just so heartwarming... it gives you that funny feeling inside. . . There are tons of aerial acts in this show as well as synchronized swimming portions (since this is a water show). Lights, sounds, and actors just make the whole setting real. It's pretty fun sitting in the very front since many of the actors come by and become very interactive with the audience.. . All in all, it's a great show! If you're looking for a more intimate Cirque venue on the strip, this is probably the show for you.
Wow... This show was absolutely amazing! It really lives up to it's name because it felt like I was in a dream throughout the entire performance. It was beautifully coordinated and executed. It felt like God Himself came down from the heavens and graced these performers. It was romantic and enchanting, magnificently beautiful from start to finish. Definitely a MUST SEE!
We were blown away! One of the best Cirque's we've ever seen. Every seat is a good seat. Get your drinks and popcorn before you sit down!
Almost as impressive as putting a man on the moon.
This was by far the best show I have ever seen.  It was absolutely mesmerizing and amazing.  This is not a Cirque show but it resembles one in many ways.. . The theater in the Wynn is perfect for this show and there is not one bad seat.  I do suggest a lower seat though because you can see little details in the water that you can't see as well up higher.. . The dream was played out beautifully between Heaven and Hell and the ending was so perfect.. . I loved all the little funny guys that pop up periodically that if you weren't paying close attention you wouldn't notice.  Like a random lizard type creature slithering around on the side during one of the scenes. . .  The acrobatics and sky high drops into the water will leave you with your mouth wide open and your companion having to pull your chin up for you!. . If this show is still here when I return to Vegas again I will have to see it again because there is so much going on all at once that you can't possibly see everything.. . The ticket prices - way more worth it - you won't realize this till after the show - but pay the price and see it!
This show SO good. I couldn't get over all the amazing acrobatics and feats of strength displayed in this performance. So many special effects and all around sensory overload..in a good way! I would love to see it again so I'll feel like I didn't miss out on any aspect of the show.
Amazing...simply amazing. Possibly the best show I have seen in Vegas. One hour and 20 minutes of awe inspiring lighting and choreography. I had heard from many people that this was the best of the Cirque shows and I believe it. Not a bad seat in the house (theater in the round). We were about 6 rows up from the front in section B. I highly recommend this show.
If I had the option to offer 4.5 stars, I would. I'm not going to say 4 stars though because this show truly does not deserve it! . . The theatre is an amazing, perfectly round, quaint room holding 2000 or so people. There is not a bad seat in the house. It all surrounds a 22ft pool of water with rising stage up to 15ft out of the water. I don't know how they do it, but they change the stage completely mid show. It is not the same stage that pops up and down during the performance, but an entirely new one with it's own hydraulics system! The main stage actually breaks up int 4 parts(That I can see/am aware of). A center medalion can separate from an outer ring, either one submerging or rising as the play warrants. Outside of that ring is a circle of water jets to add flair and then their are three ramps that come out and connect to the stage area. There are three sound rooms at minimum and the stage crew must be huge. . . The performance and acrobatics are amazing as people rise high above the water AND the raised stage doing various stunts to music and storyline. The costumes are fun, vibrant and keep you in a Vegas frame of mind blending story and the locations history together. . . The price is on the heavier scale of plays/productions in the area costing $130/person but it was well worth it. . . The only reason that I wouldn't offer five stars(If I could have rated it 4.5) is because the story line is hard to follow. It's called the dream and it's obvious that the main girl is dreaming, but I didn't get the demons or "orchestrator" of the dream. I also expected her to wake up the same way she fell asleep to complete the storyline. . . I recommend this play.
Though not a Cirque Du Soleil show, its of that style.......and on par with the best of the Cirque offerings.  There is a heavy element of water here so its easy to compare to O, and in my opinion, this show is better than O.  The pace is pretty constant, there are usually a half dozen spots where you can place your eyes and be in awe of what the performers are doing.  I really mean in awe......the performers here pull off some incredible displays of strength and grace and athleticsm.  Be prepared (as I was from reading reviews) that the show really is a 'dream' so the story progresses and dances in the same way a real dream would......not linear, not always sensible, but always fantastic.  The theater is completely circular and it feels intimate, but at the same time, be ready to have your eyes gazing upward very often - I can't recall a show where so much happens above as well as stage level.  Very impressed with this show and would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys Cirque-style shows, this is really a gem.
One word: Amazing. . . Two words: See it.. . Three words: Definitely worth it.. . Four words: Takes your breath away.. . Five words: What are you waiting for?
This show is a must see. As others have said, it doesn't have a literal story line, but that's because it's based on the painting by Picasso. It's abstract, yet is full of metaphors, innuendo, and nuance. The show is well paced and has a variety of musical styles. The cast is amazing. The Soundtrack, lighting, and costuming all work in harmony to create many dazzling effects, while alluding to sensual underpinnings of the Picasso. It might be too esoteric for those who don't understand abstraction. For me, the show was mind blowing. Brilliant. If your even remotely thinking about seeing it, don't hesitate. JUST GO! You'll be glad you did.
Beautiful show; loved the intimate settling.. . Reminds me of O show but the stage is a round circular shape; lot smaller & more intimate feeling making you feel like you're closer to the stage. . . Vivid & passionate colors used throughout this show.. . Loved the beautiful flowers that bloom at the end of the show.. . Highly recommend this show; this is one of the better Cirque Soleil shows in Vegas. =). . FYI, you can buy discounted tickets on day of the show at Tix4Tonight but you have to go in person to buy them; they have plenty of booths & locations within casinos so don't worry.
Pretty girl, pretty girl, pretty girl, you should be smiling. A girl like you should never look so blue. You're everything I see in my dreams. I wouldn't say that to you if it wasn't true at...Le Reve! - Bruno Mars (treasure). . I don't normally write reviews for non-food related things, but I can 'dream', can't I? . . It's a round water stage in middle, making it impossible to have a bad seat in the theatre. They encourage you to take as many pictures as you like (without flash of course so you don't distract the performers), which isn't the case at all Cirque shows. There's many elements to the show, including dancing, some synchronized swimming, cute magic tricks, a little bit of illusion, and built-in humor as well. It was certainly entertaining from start to finish, and appropriate for all ages.. . If you're choosing between this and 'O' (since they are both water shows), I've talked to many people, including MGM properties hosts (who is affiliated with 'O'), who have said they prefer Le Reve over their own company's production.  . . They serve this huge tub of popcorn at concessions, which might be the best value in Vegas :)
Haunting and captivating.. . This show took my breath away. (I literally held my breath when ever they did crazy stunts.....so scared for them!) The music for the show is beautiful.. . Like every review says...it's an intimate setting. You can't miss much with the circular theater! Non-flash photography is allowed! I was able to capture some of my favorite parts to show my grandparents at home.
I absolutely adore this show. It was one of the first shows that I saw in Vegas, and I am so glad that I did. I am planning to see it again soon!
Best show on the strip.
Unbelievably beautiful show in an intimate setting.  Visually stunning feats, emotionally charged music, daring trick after trick interlaced with sultry romance.  Absolutely the best show I've seen in Vegas.  A must see.
Great show!  Lighting and sound were fantastic and the show was amazing.  Because it's a round theater, all seats have a great view.  I think higher is better, but you can't go wrong with seating. . . Don't miss this one!
Most amazing show I have ever seen.  Period.
The show was absolutely amazing. I read others reviews about it not being long enough and I totally disagree. The show is perfect in length. The performances are amazing. We sat in section D row G & I that was a great seat. I would even splurge & pay for the premium seating with champagne & chocolate covered berries if I could do it all over again. . . I would recommend this show to anyone looking for a nice dinner & show date. We ate at Andreas in the Wynn before we saw the show which made for a great date!
Spectacular and completely captivating! The show was breathtakingly phenomenal. . . It made me want to take swimming/diving/tumbling/acrobatic lessons soon after the show. . . I would mos def recommend!!!
This is the best show in Las Vegas ,Amazing.Amazing.Amazing!
I'm not much of a show-goer since the ratio of time entertained to money spent is pretty low. But as Le Reve reminded me, the quality can sometimes be more than worth it.. . I would be hard-pressed to go through all the details from beginning to end. However, I will try my best to describe the show in generalities so that you can have a good idea of what to expect. The first thing you notice when you enter the theater is this circular arrangement of seats that descends toward a pool, which starts off covered in a mist to add a shroud of mystery. The second is this sort of fabric roof. (Spoiler alert: it retracts.). . After the show begins, just sit back in your comfy seat and enjoy. It's pretty much a chain of smaller performances that slowly tell a story (which isn't terribly hard to figure out). There's magic, there's humor, there's big group dances, there's ballroom-style performances, there's diving, there's acrobatics performed while suspended in the air, and there's even synchronized swimming that doesn't make me want to go to sleep.. . It's not just that they have all these different performances. Throughout the show, they also use changes in lighting to great effect. They also adjust the height of the walking platforms above or below the water's surface. There was one notable act in this performance where dancers kept throwing themselves dangerously into the ground, but they must have been cushioned by a few inches of water.. . And then there's the thorough utilization of vertical and circular space. Vertically, they drop people in from the surprisingly high ceiling, they raise people up, they have people perform strength acts while hanging on to ropes or various objects, and they swing people around. Circularly, they often have several performers in different parts of the circular pool such that every section of the audience gets a similar experience.. . If you're looking for a great Vegas show and you don't have problems following a lot of action at once, you can't go wrong with Le Reve. It really is a dream.
A must see-beautiful masterpiece.
The stage was amazing, and the effects with the water were very cool. I wonder how much it cost to fabricate the stage! The performers have to have total trust that the mechanics are all where they are to be, because at one moment, the stage is elevated so they can walk on the water while at other times it is made deep enough for them to dive into. Sensory overload because you have to keep on looking up and down and left and right! Great show!
I keep going back and changing my rating from 4 to 5...4....5.  Can't decide!  It was really good.  I love acrobatic shows and have seen about a dozen Cirque shows over the years, so was really excited to see how it's competitor stands up.  The acrobatics aren't as thrilling.  Most of the time they are secured to a rope.  I don't know much about acrobatics, but it just seems less...acrobatic.. . But, I really enjoyed the round intimate setting.  We were 3 rows from the stage/pool and you can feel the movement of the water and the wind (without getting wet!).  Plus, the show is visually amazing.  Between the costumes, movements, lighting, props, etc.  Just beautiful.  . . Ok...5!
This is in my top two favorite shows in Vegas.  It's not part of Cirque but it definitely lives up to the hype.  I've seen "O" and I actually think Le Reve is better.  I like the layout of the venue.  It's circular, so every seat in the house has a good view.  Tickets were definitely pricey (over $100/ticket), but it was well worth the experience.  The show takes you through a beautiful, creative, and colorful ride and left me in awe.  We sat in the "splash zone" but didn't really didn't get splashed at all.  It was a fun show!
I've seen the show at least 9 times.  They make adjustments and improvements every 6-8 months.  The last showing was the best I've seen yet.  Obviously, this is one of my favorite Las Vegas shows.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
In love with Le Reve!!! We were seated row b which is the secondrow known as the "splash zone". No, it's not like Sea World where Shamu soaks you wet because you are seated in the wet zone, not a single drop of water splashed on or near us. The music, lights and colors are spectacular. It's really a dream on, in and under water. The performers are all beautiful and on point at all times. Definitely rate Le Reve number 1 in Vegas
My favorite of all the Cirque shows I've seen in Vegas. The water performances are amazing and the story line is easy to follow. I highly recommend this show.
This is a MUST SEE!!  I had wanted to see this show a few years back when I was in Vegas before and I wasnt able to see it.  But WOW/  The seats are great, no bad seat in the house.  Love the mix of water, acrobatics, theatre and everything.  The stories told were great/  Love the costumes and the acrobatics are amazing.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants to see a spectacular show.
This is my favorite show. Seen it 3 times already. If your in vegas for the first time and want to see a wow factor type show, this one is highly recommended. I dont think it will interest kids much but for the adults this show is mesmerizing, captivating, and visual stunning. Its an intimate 360 theater so everyone has a good seat and perfect view of the stage. Everytime I've seen this show I feel like I've escaped reality. Tickets are a bit high but the performance is well deserving of that $$$. My suggestion is to always check those other sites for some discounts.
Amazing top notch show. By far, the best Cirque show in Vegas.  Kept us awe-inspired and entertained the entire time. Left me with chills. . . Also great plush over-sized seating. A must see for anyone interested in a show during their trip.
Such a fantastic show!. . This show lasts around 1:20 minutes, and it has a well connected story. The stage is magical, and I can never expect what is going to happen next. . . Highly recommend, enjoy the show!
WHAT AN AMAZING SHOW!. . I think Le Reve ties for my favorite Las Vegas show next to KA. We've seen almost all of the Cirque shows now (except O) and this was on the next level. I love that they reinvent the show every few months to keep it fresh. The layout is so intimate (including the splash zone) and the lights/water combo is extraordinary. The performers are best in class and truly talented.. . I didn't know what to expect when we got complimentary tickets to the show but left in awe. I looked up behind the scenes videos to figure out how those girls in the red heels could stay underwater for so long. The thought behind each of these routines are of the next level. I can't wait to come back in a year or so and rewatch this.
Better than O.. . Due to the circular theater, every seat in the house is awesome. I loved all the special effects and the lighting was spot on. Well worth the $!
A MUST SEE SEE SHOW IN VEGAS! At first we were torn to see between Le Reve or O. First choice is O, I called Belagio and ask if they have a discount and unfortunately they aren't giving any kind of discount.. bummer! So, I called Wynn and YES! they have a discount. The show is totally spectacular.. the performers are amazinggg, I'm wondering why other people were criticizing it.. I guess some people were just born critical lol! Anyways.. if u want to see a great show in Vegas without spending so much this show will not disappoint you. I Loveeee this show and we highly recommend this!
Loved, loved loved this show.  My favorite out of the 3 I saw while in Vegas this trip.  Would recommend to all.
Absolutely the most beautiful theatre IMO!. . This show is where the "WOW" word will be said by "You" at least a few dozen times before the show is done,. Definitely the "Best" Vegas show I have seen so far and I've seen mostly all of the CDS shows accept  for Love & Zumanity. The next time you're in Vegas, this show is worth every penny. Highly recommended, especially for the optimist and those who love to Dream..
