My husband and I stayed at Vdara over Thanksgiving. We have stayed at the Bellagio for years but the appeal of a non-gaming hotel was too much. We did not regret our choice.. . The room was spacious and well decorated. The room's color scheme was very complimentary and modern. The bed was comfortable. My only complaint is that they only had down like filled pillows. I prefer foam pillows. The furniture was comfortable. The bathroom was spacious. We did not have any issue with noise, with the exception of the loud patron walking down the hall and yelling at his friends. We had a lakeside view  room and could see the Bellagio fountains.. . I agree with the reviewer that articulated the relaxing atmosphere of the hotel. I loved the fresh orchids at the front desk. It's a nice change from the hustle and bustle of other hotels. Which, by the way, you can access by walking a few hundred feet to Aria.The hotel has a chic, spa-like vibe throughout.. . The restaurant (only one) has very limited hours.Room service is available 24 hours.. . The entire staff was friendly and helpful. Both bellman were exceptionally friendly and helpful, as were the employees that checked us in and out. . . The walk to the strip means walking through the Bellagio. We are moderate pace walkers and it took us about 10 minutes to get to the strip where you cross at Planet Hollywood.. . For the price, this is the nicest, most luxurious hotel in Vegas.
Stayed on the 36th floor in a room with a 270 degree wrap around view and it was only a little over $200 per night. Nicest and most helpful staff I've ever seen.
My husband and I stayed here for the LV Rock and Roll marathon in December and we will definitely be coming back! The Vdara is great because it feels like a sophisticated break from "Vegas" - you are close enough to the action but you aren't sharing a hotel elevator with 30 people trying to get to their rooms. It is a non-smoking hotel with no casino - great because you don't inhale toxins the whole night, everything that you brought on the trip doesn't need to be dry cleaned once you get home and you have the luxury of choosing an interesting casino to go to, rather than staying at your hotel b/c it is convenient (Aria is right next door and really nice). . . Each room has a kitchenette, perfect if you want to quickly whip something up - i.e. oatmeal race day morning. . . The rooms are nicely appointed, a decent size and comfortable with incredible views. Aveda products = also good.. . The lobby bar is modern and sleek, our waitress was great, as were our cocktails. . . Pool area was great (both pool and hot tubs were open in December and not crowded) doesn't seem like your typical "Vegas" pool scene. . . The spa was great! We both had massages that were amazing and the spa & fitness areas were nicely appointed. . . Housekeeping, bell hops and concierge were all very good. . . We didn't eat at their restaurant - we want across to the CityCenter to the Social House and it was - AMAZING. Go there if you like sushi, it is fantastic!
I LOVE THIS HOTEL!  The decor is gorgeous - very elegant and modern.. . Pros:. - Relaxing atmosphere. - Service was amazing (checkin & checkout was smooth and quick). - We stayed on the 60th floor and the view was BREATH TAKING. - I loved the electronic blackout shades. - There's free valet. - No casino =  no cigar/cigarette smoke smell. - All suites    . - For what you're getting, price is very reasonable. . Only one complaint - it's a bit far from the center of the strip...
I absolutely love this hotel.  No casino, no smoking, no drunken frat boys running around.  If you want that, and I do sometimes, the Aria is 100 yds away.  This was seriously the best hotel experience I've had in Vegas and I've stayed at most of the big ones.  My only complaint is that the front desk is understaffed.  I had to wait every time I needed something but no big deal.. . The pool and spa is first rate as is the restuarant.  I was there mid week and only paid 125 night.  The rooms are spacious and nicely furnished.  Again, my only complaint in the room was no coffee maker and the restuarant didn't open until 7am so I had to run next door for my morning fix.. . I will definitely be coming back!
very nice hotel! ...no smoking..got a great deal thru hotel.com....room service for food is very pricy!
The hotel is beautiful located in center city. All the buildings around it are nice to look at as well. The staff was amazing. I left my contact solution at home and did not want to take the fifteen minute walk to walgreens. I called the front desk and within minutes someone from the spa called and told me they could help me. At every turn I found the stff to be extremely helpful. The rooms are amazing and the view is to die for.
Nicest hotel I have stayed at. . . 1) Located right in the middle of the strip. . 2) 5 star. 3) New property. 5) Non-smoking property. . Once I got to the Vdara I was blown away by how modern it is. . . Love that my room had two flat screen tv's; one for the living room and the other for the bedroom. . . My favorite part of the room was the bathroom.The tub is AMAZING. Don't know how but it is designed so that two people can sit in it and be comfortable resting their heads. . . Found a deal through hotwire.com for about $130 for a studio. Loved it.
The most beautifully simple and luxurious room I have ever stayed in.  I wanted to literally move in. I wanted to transplant the entire bathroom into my home. Every detail from the silky sheets to the amazing modern art and fixtures was thought out and executed perfectly. I loved that there is no cheesy casino. You can go next door for that. I even loved the way it smells like figs when you walk in the doors. My only critiques are that the pool was small and since it is March they had not opened the pool bar/cafe yet.
I really enjoyed my stay at vdara. I stayed in the 2story penthouse (56th floor) . Staff was very helpful and quick to respond to requests.. The views were amazing... we had a view of the fountains at Bellagio and of the strip in the master bedroom.. and then the other side of Vegas in the master, 2nd bedroom, and living room.. We also went to the spa and enjoyed the suana, steam room and hot tub... very nice and relaxing the day after a club.  . Location is good (it's right next to the Bellagio and Aria)...Fairly new hotel, so very nice and modern.
If you're looking for the party-and-gamble-all-day-and-all-night Vegas experience, then Vdara is not for you. If you want various restaurant options within your hotel, then Vdara is not for you. Vdara is probably one of the smallest hotels on the strip; they don't have a casino, and they only have one bar, one restaurant, and one mini cafe/market (open until 8pm only). . . With that said, if you're looking for a luxurious home-away-from home in the heart of Sin City at a reasonable price, then Vdara is definitely the place for you. We didn't know that their rooms were all suites until we walked into our Vdara Suite to find a full kitchen, a washer and a dryer, a spacious living room, and a separate bedroom and bathroom. I'd never needed a microwave in my hotel room, but after staying at Vdara, I don't know how I ever survived without one. No more food gone to waste - simply keep it in the fridge and heat it up when you're hungry again. Also, the gigantic refrigerator eliminated the need for us to fill our bathtub with ice and use it as a cooler for our drinks - sweet! . . Housekeeping at Vdara is amazing. They did all of the usual things, but they also folded our clothes, lined up our shoes in a row, and basically lined up anything and everything they could see. We felt like our mothers had secretly gone in and cleaned up after us. Thank you!. . Again, if you want the convenience of having everything Vegas has to offer right when you walk out of the elevator, then Vdara wouldn't be the best choice. However, if you're willing to walk through the hallway to Bellagio, across the roundabout to Aria, or down the sidewalk to Cosmopolitan, then definitely give this place a try! . . (Bonus Star: We saw Fergie and Josh Duhamel, who were also staying there that weekend. He is so unbelievably good looking...)
Plusses:. - no smoking. - no casino. - respite from the craziness. - maid service tidied up our room really nicely, shoes all lined up, floor cleared, etc . - Aveda bath products. - incredibly comfy down pillow-top bed and king sized down pillows. - all rooms are suites with a kitchen, living area, and a big bathroom. - huge soaking bath tub, big enough for two, and separate shower. - very clean, nicely furnished rooms. - rooms and lobby smell clean and fresh. - big flat screen tv with iPhone/iPad hookups. - motorized curtains and black-out-shade are pimp. - centrally located, walking distance to everything we wanted to see. - free tram to Aria, City Center, and Monte Carlo. - City Center has all the hottest newest restaurants, clubs, shopping, etc.. - great value compared to similarly priced hotels. - our room had a view of the Bellagio fountain, Cosmopolitan and Belagio pools, and the strip. - nice lobby bar has an outdoor patio with suspended beds. - all parking is valet only, very posh. - staff were friendly, helpful, and unobtrusive. - we didn't take advantage of the spa or gym, but I've read good things.. . Minuses:. - the name. - 15 minute walk through the casinos to get to the street. - the only restaurant in the hotel (Silk Road) just closed. -  only food in Vdara is the Market Cafe (panini sandwiches, omelets, etc, open till 8pm). - not much of a pool scene. - hot tubs, steam room, and sauna are an additional $25/person/day. - they charge a mandatory resort fee (apparently so does everybody else). - no in room coffee, even though there's a kitchen. - AC was inconsistent, we were constantly adjusting hotter or colder. - no bubble bath for the bath tub. . Responding to other reviewers:. - plush fleece lined robes are available, you just have to ask. Took 5 minutes to deliver.. - kitchen utensils are also free, just ask.. - ditto for the iPhone connect cable. - some reviewers recently posted about in room theft, that sucks!! We started using the safe after reading about that. This place is too nice for ish like that, I hope management resolves everything.. . Overall, Vdara was perfect for us. I'd stay here again for sure.
I had a great stay here at Vdara. Being sensitive to second hand smoke, this is a great alternative to those that aren't into drinking, gambling, smoking and causing havoc in the town of Las Vegas.. . The crowd here were mainly families, and 30+ people. Very few 20 year olds. . . The staffers here were really friendly and welcoming. Room service got me extra towels and eating utensils I needed in a very timely fashion. . . The fitness room, is a bit small, but it gets the job done. It was pretty much packed when I went. (Thursday 9AM). Towels and water were readily available.. . The pool was nice and relaxing. I didn't actually go swimming, but I had the chance to sunbathe for about an hour or so.. enjoying a sweet Strawberry Margarita while the suns rays tanned my pale yellow skin haha. Definitely enjoyed this pool more then the bouncing pools at MGM, where kids are shirtless with beers in their hands and hootin and hollerin. . . The bed and pillows felt like home. I stayed at Aria that had a cooler setup with the electronics and whatnot, but the bedding is better here at Vdara. The pillows had the perfect plush to it , and the blankets had the perfect weight on me. . . 24 hour complimentary valet service was a bit annoying at first thought, since I had to tip each time I dropped/picked up a car, but it wasn't a big deal as I originally thought, and the valet guys were all nice, and hustled their behinds pretty quickly to get us our vehicle in a timely fashion. Appreciate that guys!!. . Wow, writing this review I can't see anything horribly wrong with Vdara at all. I will not be staying at any other hotel in Vegas. This is the one hotel that screams out ALICE! :)
i would love to stay at this beautiful hotel again
I absolutely loved my stay at Vdara and would certainly recommend this hotel to friends.  From the moment we walked in we appreciated the clean smoke free environment and the elegance of the place.  Vdara provides the perfect hotel for those wanting the Vegas experience but also a quiet place to retreat to at night.  Make sure to ask for a room with a view of the Bellagio fountains!  We were upgraded to an upper floor room with a view and didn't even have to pull a "twenty dollar trick.". . Our suite was huge and came with a super comfy king sized bed, mini kitchen and a living room with a couch and chair.  Because this hotel is smoke free (much appreciated) none of the rooms or hallways had nasty lingering smells.  The pool area was classy and clean and had an attentive waitstaff to bring drinks and snacks.. . I loved Vdara but in trying to write the most honest review possible I must say that this place was seriously lacking in concierge service.  Vdara must remedy their concierge situation to prevent long lines and long waits.  A start would be putting at least 3 staff members on duty at any one time such as they do at other City Center resorts.  Waiting 30 min to print a boarding pass is just too long.  Nonetheless, our stay was a five star experience and Vdara provided a perfect alternative to the smoky, noisy strip casino hotels.
As good as it gets! Clean, quiet, non-smoking... Vdara is an awesome contrast to the rest of the Vegas frenzy. Yeah it was a bit of a bummer that I had to step downstairs each time I wanted a cig - but the trade-off of having clean air all other times was so worth it considering the Strip basically sits in a giant cloud of smoke. Can't comment too much on the room service, since I barely spent any time in the actual room, but our group of 7 (or was it 8?) comfortably fit in a one-bedroom suite. My experience with the valet was also seamless - I gave them my ticket and literally 3 minutes later I was on my way out.
iI just got back ,I loved it there .I didn't want to come home . I will always stay here now . I have stayed many places in Vegas and this is my husband and my fav .
I LOVE VDARA. I stayed here for business, so I didn't wanna stay in a casino. Vdara SMELLS AMAZING! I wish they would bottle that smell and sell it! (Hey, CityCenter if you DO decide to do this, lemme know!!) Since I was here on business I had some paperwork that needed copying, collating, etc. My AMAZING!!! room attendant told me to go to dinner, and when I get back all the papers would be ready for me. HOW AWESOME IS THAT?! He made the copies, separated them into files and bound them. He made my experience OVER THE TOP awesome! Of course when I left for my meeting, he wished me luck and told me I would impress them..and guess what I did! The room service was yummy and I loved the uber contemporary rooms! Ever since my visit I've always recommended Vdara for a truly upscale experience in Vegas.
I stayed here for a few nights during my trip to Las Vegas, and I couldn't imaging staying anywhere else! The customer service was fantastic! I called down @ 2:00A for a toothbrush and shaving kit and they were at my room in under 3 minutes.. . The room amenities were exceptional. Comfortable bed, almost as comfortable couch, beautiful bathroom, and a kitchen! Seriously the most relaxing place I've ever stayed. What a contrast to the hustle & bustle of Vegas.. . It's literally a 5 minute walk from the strip and taxis are abundant. One can walk to the Bellagio in 10-15 minutes.. . The downstairs bar is pricey, but they bartenders are fantastically skilled. Free wi-fi everywhere. . . I cannot wait to go back!
We stayed at Vdara for three nights starting May 12th and couldn't have had a better experience. We were in a two-bedroom penthouse on the 54th floor and the view was the best I've ever had in Vegas. Our room overlooked the Bellagio fountains, which provided us a great show each night.. . The room itself was also excellent. Great beds, big bathroom with tub and shower, great kitchen, etc... Every staff member we encountered was on top of their game and a did a great job of making us feel welcomed and appreciated. We had room service every morning for breakfast and once for dinner, and the quality of the food and presentation was excellent. The French toast, in particular, was awesome.. . There is absolutely nothing I can complain about or would have changed about our stay . It's an excellent property and value. Don't hesitate if you're considering booking a room at Vdara!
I had a very positive stay here. I booked the room through Priceline. I rolled the dice knowing that for five star hotels on the South side of the Strip that Cosmo, Aria and Vdarra were in the same bucket. . . Staying here worked out really well. My friends had planned on going to Marquee and eating buffet at Bellagio. Vdarra has a direct access breezeway to Bellagio and is about a 1000 foot walk to back entrance of Cosmo. Just be careful with the back entrance because the crosswalk is not very visible to drivers, so you have stick your head out a bit and make sure they see you. Don't step off the curb until you are sure they will stop. . . The rooms are suites and are about 600 square feet. There are two big screen TV's, a king-sized bed and a kitchen. Dishes are available upon request. I didn't try out the spa or the pool so i can't comment on that.Wifi and robe and slippers are free. Well technically not free since there is a mandatory $20/person fee for services that include the wifi and slippers.. .  Regarding the curtains, apparently they are operated by a light-switch. I feel like a doofus because I read a review for Vdarra that said there were not any block-out curtains. So when I looked for the curtains and couldn't find them, I just gave up. . . I will definitely come back to Vdarra if for no other reason than to try out that damn electrically-operated curtain I didn't find this time around.
Four months later & still the same experience as my first visit!!!!!. Love this place!!!!
LOVE this hotel! . . We wanted to try a new hotel on the strip and jumped on a really good deal through expedia. Unlike other hotels, this hotel is kinda of tucked away in City Center from all the madness. Plus it was a smoke free hotel so our clothes didn't reek of it! . . Check in was quick and painless. Just like any other hotel in Vegas...you'll be charged with those "resort fees." They gave us a deluxe suite overlooking the back of City Center. Not the greatest view, but the room itself was amazing. It was a luxurious condo--kitchen (separate from the room), dining table, sofa, king size bed...etc. It was a very nice and relaxing 4 night stay. . . Parking was the only issue. No self parking for the Vdara, the closest was at the Aria. So valet was the only option. It was very convenient and the guys were speedy....but we would use their service 4+ times a day so it just took a little away from our gambling money.
Stayed for 2 nights on a weekend in June (2011).. . Here is what we considered to be Positives (they may not be for you):. . -Smoke free.. -Right next to the Bellagio (an easy walk between buildings).. -A bit off of the Strip.  We couldn't hear traffic or any other noise, which is what we wanted.  Just the occasional siren.. -A nice breeze that constantly blew across the pool deck.. -Unlike the rest of the Strip, not crowded.  It was nice to come back to our hotel and have some quiet after being out on the insanity of the Strip.  . -A good deal on the place via Priceline.  I think we paid $120/night.
I've been to vegas a couple of times with my family and I would say Vdara is the nicest hotel I've been at. Although, the whole complex looks like LAX or any major airport.. . People complain about how there's no casino and self parking, but I don't understand why people are whining about that when the hotel can't really change it and its not like you can say Vdara gave you bad service for something they don't provide a service for. So you should just try to figure out what you want in a hotel and what Vdara can offer, so you can choose the right hotel for you.. . We didn't expect Vdara not to have a casino, but we later pleasantly found out that we loved the fact that there was no casino. There is no terrible smell of smoke! BUT, if you do want to go to the casino, the bellagio is connected to Vdara and its only a 10-15 min and Aria's casino is a 5 min walk (there isn't a strong smell of smoke here either, maybe cause its new!). . My room came with a king size bed and a queen pull out couch with 2 tv's. Also a small kitchenette was included! And I had great views of bellagio and its water fountain show. The room came with electronic shades that block out the sun so you can sleep peacefully until the morning without being blinded by the bright morning sun! . . I do have to say that the bathroom door is quite thin, so you can hear a lot of noise that you don't want to really hear. The aveda toiletries and bathroom interiors were nice! Free wifi too!. . NOTE: the complimentary valet is a bit annoying, since everytime you want to get your car, you have to tip them. The market cafe has GREAT sandwiches! and good coffee! If you want to shop designer brands but don't want to walk all the way to caesar's, go to crystals! closer and newer!
Love, love, love Vdara. First class hotel, amenities, and local restaurants. The bar snacks at Bar Vdara are my fave! The on-site restaurant named Silk Road closed (they had the best eggs benny) but now they have the Vdara Marketplace which serves breakfast and lunch and is a nice convenient spot to grab anywhere from a coffee and sandwich to batteries, champagne, and aspirin.. . Most importantly, the staff is always friendly and helpful and it always smells SO GOOD in the lobby :)
I was a little concerned with the negative reviews, but after my recent stay here I have found my new favorite place to stay.  I used to primarily stay at Venetian/Palazzo, but I like Vdara a little more.  With all of the new luxury hotels in Vegas, I feel like there is no reason to stay in a standard sized room. The suites at Vdara are very well appointed and give you a nice sized sofa bed (in case you need to sleep a couple extra freeloaders or kids), a nice kitchenette with a microwave, stove, and usable minifridge, a dining area, and two large TVs. Get a high floor with Bellagio fountain views and you will not be disappointed. The $20 trick worked to get us on the 53rd floor with fountain views  My wife was stoked about the Aveda bath products. If you like bathtubs, there is a nice deep soaking tub. . . Obviously, there are certain things that you have to expect in order to not be disappointed. There is No Casino.  You are about 5 mins from Aria, Bellagio, and Cosmopolitan. I actually think not having a casino was nice, since there was no annoying slot machines, smoke odor, or a half-mile walk to your room. There is also no real restaurant on the property. However, there is a market in the lobby where you can get coffee, wine, cheese, etc. They also serve basic breakfast and lunch options.  You are however within a 5 min walk to about 30 restaurants between Aria, Crystals Mall, Cosmopolitan, and Bellagio.  Room service is also available. The pool area is small, but big enough for the size of the hotel. . . People complain about the location being far from the strip. However, I thought it was super convenient especially if you want to spend time at Aria, Bellagio, or Cosmopolitan. There is also a tram that can take you to the Crystals Mall or Monte Carlo in about 5 mins. . . Service was overall very good. The pool bartender was a little scattered, but the drinks were strong and tasty.  Overall, I would stay at Vdara again in a heart beat.  I think the value is great too, compared to other similarly priced resorts. Got a great deal on priceline.
Pleasantly surprised.. . Online, this place is one of the cheaper hotels to get in city center. So I wasn't expecting all that much (always best to set expectations low!). But my friend ended up getting a 2 bedroom suite, and Wow, was it nice. Complimentary limo service, to and from the airport. Washer/dryer in the unit. Comfortably accommodating to a party of ~10+ people at any given time in the room. And not having a casino downstairs worked out great for me (out of sight, out of mind =D)!
My stay at the Vdara can be summed up in one word : REJUVENATING.. . Coming to Vegas for the first time in a good 3 years, I really wasn't sure of where to stay and left it in the hands of some friends to pick a hotel that was nice, adjacent to the strip, and ideally, had a nice pool.   They came up with a 4 night, 5 day stay at the Vdara.. and boy, was I happy.. . Firstly, the ambiance at the hotel is really relaxing right off the back.  Minimalist ceiling fixtures and light music really sets the calm mood in the lobby.  Also, the SMELL!  As other people have mentioned, the hotel is a nonsmoking hotel, but the fresh-scent that is ever-present really was something worth taking note.  Every time we would walk through the hotel, someone in our party would comment on it.. . The pool itself was smaller than a bunch of the other hotel pools, but really relaxing, and the drinks from the pool bar were pretty good for the prices ($).  AND, the Vdara-death-ray found in so many articles is since long-gone.. . The corner suite that we had was very spacious and easily fit 4 people, due to the pull-out sofa bed (which originally looked kinda shifty, but was more comfortable than I thought), and having a full refrigerator, washer/dryer and stove-top really felt like an apartment rather than a hotel.  Someone in our party found out that originally these suites were dedicated to resort-style apartment living right off the strip, but when they weren't selling, they opened it to the public.  SWEET.. . Even though I am a major gamble-holic, and there was no casino directly down in the lobby, I was kind of relieved, since it forced me to get some exercise (...and think twice) if I wanted to gamble a bit.  Aria is literally less than 5 minutes away across the roundabout and the Bellagio casino floor is also a quick 10 minute walk away adjacent through the breezeway.. . A couple little criticisms:  when we first requested extra towels for the room, they were sent up very promptly.. within 5 minutes, actually.. HOWEVER, we were very surprised to be looking out at the view, and hear a "Hello?" right behind us.  The housekeeper decided it might be fun to sneak up behind us, enter our 'locked' room and walk into the bedroom to deliver them personally.  This prompted us to DEADBOLT the door anytime we were in the room.  I read reviews on here about peoples belongings getting jacked, so we utilized the tiny, tiny safe in the room, and I would recommend it.  . . Also, we showed up one afternoon, to a smelly room and our vents all pulled out and set alongside the floor.  Apparently, there was a leak coming from our room that had leaked down 20+ floors to the lobby so they tried to fix it before we came back... (HA!  Caught them!), but a very nice mechanic named Harris apologized to us and got us a discount for the inconvenience.. . Even with the minor mishaps, I really enjoyed the stay here and will definitely stay here again, no question.
This is the best Hotel resort without a casino in Vegas. The Hotel is very new about a year old when we visited and very modern. The staff was very polite and helpful. There is not smoking in the hotel and also not casino so the hotel has a very relaxed  atmosphere. Their is a free 24hr rail service to take you to the strip within a few min when you are ready for Vegas. The spa was very nice (but pricy) my wife and I enjoyed our couples massages. The pool area is very relaxing and not overcrowded like some of the hotels on the strip.  I will be returning. . (FYI this is a time share style resort so they charge a resort fee per night if you are not an owner)
Phenomenal.. . /review. . No, seriously. We frequent Vegas and have stayed almost everywhere on the strip. This place takes the cake. Where do I begin? We got a great deal through the website and stayed in a deluxe suite. And this is the least expensive room? What, it gets better (relatively speaking)? Free valet was a plus, seeing as how there's noVdara self-park. The young woman who greeted us upon entering was very professional and the receptionist explained all we needed to know about our room and stay. . . The room. Very nice. The whole City Center area is one of the highlights of "new Vegas". They make great use of the small space. Extremely clean--so much so that I CONSIDERED using the tub (never got to it). We stayed 3 nights and look to book more in the future.
Amazing! So first off let me say that at the check-in desk we presented a "sandwich" to the clerk and she graciously upgraded us to a room with a view. SCORE! Our room overlooked the Bellagio fountains and we were treated with a beautiful water show every hour.....LOL It was awesome!. . The rooms are very posh.....dual flat screen TV's, kitchen, a plush down feather sofa, soaking tub, and a walk-in shower. We loved every moment in our room! Some other features; automatic shades on the windows, and a digital "Do Not Disturb" sign that deactivates the doorbell.....sweet!
had a corner suite. fully loaded kitchen, dining table, washer/dryer, living room, flat screen, and a plush/comfortable bed. The bathroom soo modern & beautiful, tub, walk in shower, dual sinks and Aveda toiletries. Super soft plush robes for him & her, two slippers, and black out shades. Plenty of towels which is a triple PLUS PLUS PLUS. Vanity table and you can hook up your HDMI chord if you bring and/or have a hdmi compatible laptop.. . we checked in early at 11 a.m. went really well. No lines. No problem.. No problems from me for this hotel.. . There was a problem checking out but didn't involve us. Some lady jumped the line and it went pretty ugly. . The check out was a mess indeed, but c'mon its 11 o'clock, what do you expect? . . Oh another thing, park at Bellagio and walk your bags to Vdara. Valet is super super waste of time. Waited 30 minutes for a car, when it can easily have taken 15 minutes to walk to Bellagio parking structure.. Those valet dudes sure do work super hard. . . so worth the $200/night.. Check it out!
I absolutely LOVED everything about Vdara during my stay in Vegas this past weekend!  Vdara belongs to the "new breed" of hotels that have sprung up in Vegas in the last few years, so on the outside, it looks similar to Aria, The Cosmopolitan, Wynn, and Encore.  Nothing really exceptional about the exterior architecture, as it resembles that of a regular corporate building, only much larger, grander, and fancier.. . Okay, so what were the things that made my stay at the hotel so spectacular?. . 1) THE LOBBY: IT SMELLED SO DAMN GOOD all day, errday!! No joke.  The moment you step foot into the air-conditioned flower garden that is their lobby, your olfactory system will undoubtedly be greeted by a pleasant wave of light, sweet floral notes. A wonderful smelling, smoke-free environment makes a hotel just THAT much better. I know my nose thanked me for it.. . 2) Check-in & Check-out: SUPER SPEEDY. There was no line and checking in only took about 10 minutes tops. As for checking out...we didn't really have to! One of the hotel employees quickly asked us how our stay was, followed by a request for our e-mail address to send the receipt, and that was it! :). . 3) The Suite: Clean, fresh, modern, simple, and very contemporary.  Not to mention, we had a FABULOUS view to boot! :) The bed was super comfortable and had green accent pillows, bathroom was very spacious with a shower and a tub. The kitchen was sleek, and we also got complimentary water bottle.. . 4) Services: Housekeeping was extremely fast and fulfilled our requests for more towels and blankets within an impressive 10 minutes.  I loved that we also got complimentary valet parking :) . . Overall, we had a very positive experience at Vdara, and the friendly, helpful staff played a great part in contributing to the good vibes.
one of the new hotels in city center, amongst ARIA, MANDARIN ORIENTAL, and the COSMOPOLITAN.. . Vdara was the only one amongst the four that was within my budget and its a 5 star hotel so I was really excited for my stay here.. . No casino in the Vdara, which may have mixed reviews for Vegas travelers, but to me it was a perk!  I hate the cigarette smell that lingers in casinos.. . Very modernroom.  They have 50+ floors, we were on the 34th floor.  The entire span of the wall facing outside was 3 windows.  THE VIEW WAS AMAZING!! and even better at night!!!. . Pool was not huge but it was intimate!. . . Will definitely return here.
I stayed at Vdara this past weekend with my girlfriends and had such a positive experience.  The hotel lobby was quiet, clean, smoke free, and smelled great at all hours (this is hard to come by in Vegas...)  The suite itself was beautiful, modern and chic.  I loved how the room was set up- it felt really inviting and cozy.  The hotel staff was helpful and accommodated all of our requests.  The pool and lounge area was a nice and relaxing retreat from all of the crazy pool parties on the strip.  I always felt really good coming back to this hotel after a long day/night of partying.  The rates for the suites here are fairly reasonable, compared to other 5 star hotels on the strip.  I recommend checking this place out!
Simply put the most impressive, quiet and understated, classy hotel in vegas today. After a night in sin city and a day at a pool party, there's nothing like coming home to dark hardwood floors, gorgeous city views, your own kitchen, and the fluffiest king size bed ever.. . Luxurious without being over the top or costing your entire paycheck. AND free wifi. that's the stuff.
This hotel may not have a casino but it's walking distance to Aria and you can gamble etc. there. Vdara is all suites which are very clean and decorated in contemporary fashion. The staff also provides excellent service. Our bell boy even gave us a tour of the room and all its functions when he came to deliver our luggage. The rates were not bad as well. I will definitely consider re-booking at this hotel when coming back to Vegas.
Amazing!. . Like other reviewers, the first thing that I noticed walking into Vdara was the smell. Clean, crisp and very spa-like. The hotel is modern, sleek & very anti Vegas like in it's minimalist approach.  Trust me.  We go to Vegas to get as disgusting as everyone else. But it's absolutely wonderful to wake up at the crack of 2pm, slank down to the pool through dimly lit hallways & appreciate not hearing the clanking of machines, stale smoke clouds & angry broke gamblers.  . . Everyonethat we dealt with was very nice, helpful & friendly. The bells & valets were the best, housekeeping beyond great. Vdara stocks Aveda bath products, the first day I requested extra salts & for the rest of our stay, we had Aveda stocked shelves. Little things really do make such a difference.  . . Our suite had a great view, the bed really was as heavenly as others have described.  Comfortable room, princess tub (glorious!!), dining area with fridge, microwave/convection oven & anything your missing a phone call away. Loved everything about this hotel. It was nice having the walkway to the Bellagio, the tram that shoots you around the area and of course, it's a few steps to Aria & city center.  The best of Vegas, all close by--and yet a world away.
Great place to stay if you're not looking for that casino hotel vibe.  This hotel is totally a lil getaway from the casino feel that you get and super relaxing.  It's a non-smoking property so all you smokers take it outside and good luck finding a lighter/matches.  Their suite was awesome with automatic sliding black out covers for the windows, flat screen, a to die for bathroom and plenty of room for you and significant other, or at least 4 people.  And since you're staying at City Center, you can access the pool and other amenities at Vdara and Aria.  Not bad.
I loved it here the smell of a non-smoking hotel was refreshing. the concierge was great in helping us get all our tickets for the shows we watched even though he did recommend the cirque du soleil show ka which i thought the name should've been changed to caca. the valet was great we just called from our room ahead of time and the car was down there everytime waiting on us. getting our luggage to our room was the only time consuming drawback. rooms were clean and they even organized our bathroom toiletries according to his and hers. i will be coming back
everything as expected!! awsome hotel and room. for $97 on hotwire even better.
Again.. I love this place.  Originally, we booked the hotel for Thursday night, check-out Friday morning.  We arrived on Friday at 1am, assuming we were just going to sleep until 11am and then check out.  Surprising, they said my check-out was Saturday morning.  We thought it was too good to be true, so i made sure there weren't any extra changes or anything.  To make the story short, they pretty much gave us an extra night's stay :)  . . You really are my favorite hotel on the Strip!
This was my second time there and I have to give it 5 stars. Here's why:. . I stayed here for two nights with friends and my husband on a Thursday and Friday night. We had two corner suites between the five of us.. . Pros:. + Our suite was huge!  It was large enough that two people couple easily live there because it's the same size as most regular one bedroom apartments.. + The views were amazing.  Amazing!. + Everything was clean.  The towels were fresh, the linens, felt perfect, and the kitchen and bathroom were spotless.. + The elevators are super quick.. + Checking in was a breeze.. + Valet is free (but tipping is always nice) and the bell hops brought up our bags within minutes of calling for them. + Blackout curtains-- sleeping in is not a problem. + Super quite-- an extra plus if you're there not to party or if you're sleeping in after partying. + Smoke free-- clean air and healthy lungs! :). + The bartenders at the bar downstairs are such chill, super nice, and have some really good tips.. + A small shop to buy food and drinks downstairs. + No casino in this hotel [OMG where will you ever find somewhere to gamble at?! Oh wait, it's everywhere else...]. + Price: at least the weekend we were here, it was only about $30 more a night to stay here in a suite versus staying at much older and not as nice casinos. . Cons: . - Checkout was a mess because their system was down (so no checking out from the TV in the from); but my husband is a smart guy, so instead of waiting in the long line, he called from the lobby and checked out right away while we watched everyone else in line.. - No casino in this hotel [OMG where am I going to gamble?! Oh wait, there are casinos everywhere else...]. . Side notes:. + I called housekeepingto request more toiletries from the hotel and they brought up about a two weeks supply for me.  Awesome.. + Bellagio and Aria are all a three minute walk away!
Loved my stay here!. . The front desk upgraded me to a room with a view of the Bellagio Fountains and it was definitely the best view I've ever had on the vegas strip. . . This hotel is absolutely perfect if you're planning on coming to vegas to relax and enjoy dinner and a show (aria is a 2 minute walk, bellagio is practically downstairs and a 1 minute bridge walk, the tram takes you all the way down to the monte carlo - where you can reach the new york new york and all the south strip action).. . The pool, for me, was the only drawback. It was average at best and didn't really seem to be that upscale or modern like the rest of the hotel feels. The pool was small, the decor wasn't great, and the location just seems kind of weird. . . The room itself was AMAZING! Magnificent views of the strip, 2 flat screen TV's, the most comfortable vegas bed i've ever slept in and pretty great turn down service! . . The staff was great! Very helpful, and quick with my requests... (I called down at least 5 times to get things from the concierge and they all came up fairly quick). . If you want "VEGAS" this place isn't it.....No shops, restaurants, or a casino....But all those things are pretty close if you're willing to walk a few minutes. This is a great place to relax and enjoy the view!
I absolutely love this Hotel!! This one has to be my favorite Vegas Hotel thus far. I must admit I haven't stayed at all of the 5 star hotels yet but when it comes to this one, you wont regret it.  Its one of the only hotels with out  a casino in it which to me, makes it even more pleasant. The people are nice and the rooms are immaculate. The view can be stunning depending on where your room is and when you get in that bed and hit the button to close the shades, you will feel like you're in heaven. Experience it for yourself!!
When it comes to hotel stays in Vegas, luxury big suite with nice views is the most important to us. we don't smoke and gamble, so we always try to stay at smoking and casino free hotels. We go to Vegas a few times a year to do weekend getaways or special occasions, nice dinners, drinks, shopping, parties, sexy times in our suite all day or all night. Vdara provided all the things I need! No complaints! . . One of the newest hotel & spa in Vegas, located in city center, sister hotel of Aria. The entire hotel is Euro style modern contemporary, I like it a lot, very short walking distance to Aria and Bellagio. . . Best part of this hotel is that it is smoking and casino FREE! I am very allergic and sensitive to cigarettes, I hate smoking, after a long walk in any casinos, I can smell smoke in my hair and skin, it makes me sick! But here at Vdara, I can totally relax, the air is sooo fresh, it actually smells like cookie! very sweet. :) They provide free Wi-Fi, it came very handy with our ipad 2 use there. . . My experience at Vdara was very pleasant and satisfied. the service was over the top! From valet, bell service, front desk to housekeeping, never once we got a below average service, everybody was very friendly and helpful, they answer all your questions pleasantly with big smiles, and did a little chat with us here and there. our luggage guy was a very pretty blonde girl, how interesting!. . . The lobby is not big, there is a market store located in the lobby. it is so convenient to get some drinks, snacks, food, wine, beer or whatever you need on you trip. And bar Vdara, they have nice specialty cocktails n light fare. . . We had an executive corner suite at 50th floor, its a bit of long walk from the elevator, but it was worth it, the suite was big, nearly 850 sf., full kitchen, living room with windows from entrance door all the way to bedroom door, imagine the amazing view we got! A dining table, an extra powder room, bedroom with comfy king bed, big closet with safe, and a huge bathroom with the entire view of city center, soaking bathtub is right next to the window, I took a bubble bath with an amazing view every night. :) Don't worry about the sun light hurting eyes, they have shades cover all the windows of the entire suite, there is a few control panels, you can control however you want your shades to cover, even make it blackout :) . . What I love the most about our suite is that it has so many floor to ceiling windows!  Almost the entire right side of the "walls" are actually windows, even the bathroom has windows and amazing views, just add Champagne, roses, chocolate and bubbles, a romantic intimate evening is all set! . . I really enjoyed our 4 nights stay at Vdara the past holiday weekend, and I especially want to thank housekeeping, I have a lot of things when I travel, they made everything clean and perfect in my suite, even put my shoes in order, that was very nice of them. :) In my opinion, the staffs provide good service to everybody, hubby travels so much, he always gives more tips, do that we get better service, he tipped $10 on housekeeping everyday, maybe that's why I had my things all organized the entire weekend, smart :) . . Vdara now is my favorite hotel stay in Vegas, will stay there again and again, will try other bigger suite next time, panoramic suite is a very nice choice. :) . . The rates are a little more expensive than some of the top hotels in Vegas, especially on holiday weekends, Saturday night on Labor day weekend was $400 for our executive corner suite, but the studio suite rates are much cheaper, sign up their email list, you get special offers from time to time. . . Ps. I love their bathroom so much! You don't see too many bathroom with views in Vegas. Beautiful tub with beautiful Vegas skyline and city center view, bubble bath with Champagne every night!
I stayed here with my best friend during our most recent Vegas trip and this hotel is by far one of my favorite so far. The hotel is behind Cosmopolitan and connected to the Bellagio by a tram. It takes roughly 3 minutes to walk from the lobby over to the Cosmo which wasn't bad at all. The lobby is clean, bright, and modern with a cute little cafe/marketplace downstairs for your convenience.. . The rooms are all equipped with a kitchenette. Pots and pans can be requested to use on the electric stove. A mini fridge is useful too to store water bottles and other groceries. There's a spacious area  for the pull-out sofa bed situated in front of the LCD television hanging on the wall. All the rooms are also king sized beds... I don't think there are any rooms with 2 double beds for 4+ guests. The curtains were automatic with a switch of a button! Loved the technoloy :). . We stayed on the 25th floor with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains from our room!! . . The pool area is small but still relaxing.  . . The best thing about this hotel is the fact that it's SMOKE-FREE. I'm sick and tired of leaving Vegas smelling of smoke! Even the clothes I don't wear and leave in the luggage for the weekend manages to smell of cigarettes. Also, without the casinos downstairs, I felt truly relaxed coming home at 4:00am from a long night of clubbing on the strip.. . I'm definitely staying here again.. . . Con: No parking. Park at the Aria self-parking lot and walk over to the Vdara. . Annoying beeping sound which resembled a microwave timer on every floor the elevator passed. T____T
Definitely 5 star service. From the complimentary valet, check in, the whole course of the stay and check out the service was seamless. Everyone that served us were all so friendly and attentive. Especially the bell boy we had (extra tip for him!). . We stayed in a corner suite and the room definitely felt like an apartment... soooooo comfortable and very modern especially the bed!! I wish we had the view of the Bellagio fountains as we had previously had, but we had a view of South Strip (you know.. luxor, mandalay) which was okay but they were really busy that weekend so, understandable. What was funny was that my bf was gonna do the sandwich trick upon check in, and had the $20 ready between his ID and card, but when the front desk girl told us that it was really busy and all the upgrades were booked that weekend, he quickly took back his 20 before handing over the cards.. . The robe they provide you with in the room is soooooo soft!! I wanted to take it home :[ I know you can buy it but its probably expensive and I'm low on the funds by the end of my trip.. . What was really a plus for us was that vdara is actually pretty reasonably priced for a 5 star and since its in the middle of city center and a short walk over the bridge to Bellagio, you pretty much have everything there. So what if theres no restaurants or casino inside, Aria's like a quick walk away. We were able to go to haze, marquee dayclub, liquid dayclub (at aria), bank, and tao beach (after we checked out). Best part no drunk driving or worrying about catching a taxi!! :] We walked everywhere, which I didn't mind.. . I love coming back here and I'm sure its not my last time staying here. Same with cosmo hahha
I love love love this hotel! Me and a group of girls stayed here for a weekend we had reserved the city corner suite witch byw was AMAZING! . . On our first night there us being girls, we destroyed the room getting ready make up, heels, clothes, curling irons every where we called room service and they cleaned it as it was when we first checked in. Our shoes were even orginized our clothes folded make up orginized. THE BEST.. . We ordered room service on day 2 and let me say AMAZING! They came in set our table, toasted our bread IN ROOM! Poured us orange juice and coffee even put fresh flowers on the table! THE BEST. . We were very needy that weekend we wanted cables to play our ipods, they ran that up to us asap, we didnt know how to work the raidio they sent us a tech asap. I needed a spray tan they hooked it up. Again THE BEST. . I HEART YOU VDARA I def will be back my next trip to Sin City
The Vdara is a new sleek and modern hotel located slightly off the Strip adjacent to the Bellagio. What makes this a superb hotel, at least for me, is that it is a non-smoking and a non-casino hotel. The peace and quiet is a stark contrast to the chaos going on next door - and if you are in the mood for gambling or chaos the Bellagio is a mere 3 minute walk away. . . The rooms are quite large (about 600sf.) and very well appointed, they feature a small kitchen with stovetop and sink (albeit without any pots, pans, silverware or dishes - so not sure what the intent was here), the living room has a small two-person dinner table and a nice living area. The bathroom is larger than most hotels and has a large deep tub in addition to a separate shower. The room itself could be compared to a high rise luxury efficiency - one could stay here long term without ever getting the feeling of being in a hotel.. . Breakfast, lunch and dinner can be had at the Market Cafe (a combination of a bistro and convenience store) on the lobby level. The Market Cafe serves a great breakfast and makes some mean sandwiches and desserts. The convenience section has a fair selection of foods and drinks to get you by in a pinch including a limited selection of Dean and Deluca goodies.   . . The Pool area located just above the lobby area in the front of the hotel is very nice and has 3-4 pools scattered around. However, as with most hotels in Vegas it is oversaturated with chaise lounges and is more reminiscent of a cruise ship than a hotel. So get there early if you are planning to get a tan.. . This is one of the nicest hotels (what can I say I am a sucker for modern amenities) that I have stayed at. The rooms are large well equipped and comfortable. Until something better comes along this will be my hotel of choice when staying in Las Vegas.
Definitely a fan of this hotel. From all the hotels I've stayed in Vegas, this one would probably be my top pick, and no, I haven't only stayed at shady run down hotels.. . The rooms are amazing, and the room I stayed in had a view of the Bellagio water show as well as the strip. The amenities are great, and the bathroom is what I imagine my bathroom makeover would look like, haha.. . I ordered room service twice during my stay, and the food was beyond what I had expected. The presentation, and the flavors were very close to fine dining. As you can imagine the prices are up there, but I felt you get what you pay for.. . If you're looking to stay off the strip, but within walking distance, I would highly recommend this hotel (which doesnt have a casino). The Aria is right next to it if you need to get your clubbin' or gambling fix.
It's very hard to review a hotel, mostly because it TOTALLY depends on what you want in a hotel that will make it fabulous, or .. quite the opposite. In short, I'll tell you whats great about this hotel and what some might see as a downside.. . AWESOME PARTS:. *Every room here is a suite, and the rooms are not outrageously priced. I would compare the pricing with MGM (obviously, they're sister hotels) or any other of the MGM sister hotels!!!. *Even if you get a one bedroom, there is a couch that turns into a queen pull out bed, and it is STILL just as comfortable as the normal bed.. *The AC actually works here.. *The room service is GREAT!!!. *The views are fantastic, and if you request a room on a higher level, they are usually willing to accommodate, and hook you up!!!. *I have never had a long wait for check in, not even once, and I have stayed here 4+ times now (and I'm staying here this coming Saturday!). *All rooms come with a small dining area and a small kitchenette. . . PARTS THAT COULD BE QUESTIONABLE, BUT THAT I FIND AWESOME:. *No casino (but the Aria is RIGHT across the way, less than a five minute walk and they have a casino.. so..). *No smoking (I smoke, but even I can appreciate anice clean smell when walking into a hotel). *Quiet . . Vdara is conveniently located as well. It is literally in the same circle as the Aria, and a 5 minute walk to the Cosmopolitan. It's centrally located in the middle of the strip, which is nice, or I think ... if it's not in the middle its pretty damn close.. . Overall, each stay I have had at the Vdara has been magical. :)
I recently stayed at Vdara for 3 days, and the experience was heaven on earth.  I opted for the City Corner Suite and it was worth every single penny.  The room is 800+ square feet with 270 degree panoramic panty dropping views that are absolutely incredible, washer and dryer in the unit... what more could you ask for.  I had a few friends over that were staying at local hotels and there was more than enough room for all of us to relax before going out, with a bedroom, living room, and full kitchen.  The bathroom alone could hold 20 people, it was huge!  My only gripe was the pull out couch wasn't the most comfortable, but everything else exceeded my expectations to such a degree, that it didnt even bother me.  I'm currently planning my next trip, and I will definitely be staying at the Vdara again.
It's been about half a year since I been back to Vegas. Staying at VDARA definitively made it worth it.. . Friends of mine booked rooms here this past weekend. Arriving and parking was easy, because everything was valet. Sorry kids, no self parking.. . The exterior and interior design of this hotel is very modern, sleek, and unique. The room itself, which we got was just the typical deluxe suite, comes with really cool features.. . 2 Plasma TVs back to back. King Size bed which sleeps 3-4. Couch which can be made into a bed that sleeps 2-3. Refrigerator for stocking the goods. Burner to cook ramen noodles at 5 am in the morning. Dining table for romantic dinners. and hot tub for washing dirty feet. . Location VDARA is close enough to Cosmo and Aria, which are the newer hotels. Love it that it's close to Marquee Club because I actually left my drivers license while waiting in line and it only took 15-20 minutes to go and come back, just in time to have some fun!. . Very affordable, luxurious, and relaxing!
Spent the weekend at Vdara and couldn't be happier!  I read the other reviews and was worried as the line to check in was really LONG.  Much to my surprise it only took about five minutes to get through the line...literally the fastest check in ever!  The hotel is spotlessly clean and smells good too...it's non-smoking.  I booked a one bedroom corner suite and was very happy with my room.  The views were spectacular, the room was comfortable and the bathroom was off the hook!  I didn't get a chance to use the pool but it looked awesome.  I spent Saturday at the Spa Vdara, had a great massage and the spa facility is nice too.  The Vdara is very conveniently located in City Center with tram service everywhere - although we chose to walk and everything was less than a five minute walk.  Fantastic stay...can't wait to back!
I'm not a gambler or a smoker, so maybe that's why I fell in love with this place. There is a clean and pretty scent to Vdara, along with a modern decor. The staff was super friendly and totally quick status when we needed extra towels, comforters, etc. The cleaning staff was so generous; they stacked our shoes, organized all our straighteners and curling irons, and even folded our clothes.. . We booked the Deluxe Suite, which fit us (7 girls) comfortably. It has a full kitchen including a microwave, stove top, sink, refrigerator and dining table. I didn't see a coffee maker, but I'm sure it was there hiding behind all the alcohol. The room was partitioned into two, which had a plasma TV on either side. The room also came with a blackout/shade option; it felt like 4AM when it was really noon. As for the bathroom, besides the fact that the shower had clear doors, it was pretty reasonable for 7 girls. I fell in love with the bathtub, which was my best friend at 6AM after a night at Marquee. . . There is only valet at Vdara, but they are super quick. We checked out at peak time (12PM) and it took us, literally, 5 minutes to get our car. . . Even if you love gambling, I highly suggest you check this place out. Plus, the walk to Aria/Cosmopolitan is 3 minutes. Seriously, I timed it. In heels. . . Definitely coming back here.
One of the nicest hotels in Vegas that I've stayed in. The staff is accommodating, the rooms are plush and gorgeously appointed and the views from the top floors are to die for. Also, the food in the cafe downstairs is good. My friend said the pannini he ate was "quite possibly the best sandwich he'd ever had."
This place is awesome! I've stayed at several Vegas hotels in the last year and this is the best. The room is huge. The bathrrom has a large, deep tub and separate shower. There is a small kitchenette with table. The living space has two chairs, a large couch and a big screen tv. . . It is the cleanest and most well apointed Vegas hotel I've stayed at thus far.
We loved the Vdara!! The staff was extremely accomodating, and very very nice. Valet staff was also excellent. Our suite was very luxurious with an awesome view of the mountains. We loved the location, close to City Center, shopping and dining. I loved the bathroom in our suite!! The shower was awesome and the tub was huge! I always judge a place by their room service food and Vdara passed with flying colors!!! It was damn good and i ordered room service than once!! I would definitely revisit here :)
This is my favorite hotel in Vegas. My wife and I go to Vegas every April, and we were blown away by the Vdara.. . Spotless hotel room. Gorgeous and modern styling. Fantastic spa.. . Really, really love this place!
We had a corner suite, the staff were very friendly and room service was great. If you don't mind taking a taxi everywhere, then this is the place. We went next door to the Cosmopolitan for brunch at Wicked Spoon.. . There is no casino in here and its not on the strip, which I liked! . . Also, love the fact that it smells amazing when you walk in. The lotion they provide also has that same smell. I took a few bottles of lotion home. =)
This hotel is not for everyone who goes to Las Vegas.  If you like to party and gamble, I don't think this hotel is for you.  The pool is small, there is NO casino, and it's quiet.  . . That being said, I LOVE Vdara.  It is SO nice to be able to walk into a relaxing, quiet hotel after all your senses are assaulted at all the other hotels and on the strip.. . The location is a bit out of the way, BUT there is a walkway through the Bellagio that proved to be very convenient while we stayed there.
Vdara is such a cool hotel! There is no casino here - so it's a lot quieter, and there is no nasty tobacco smell, or the smell of various attempts to mask tobacco odors.. . I stayed here three nights. My room was on the 47th floor. When I first walked in to my room, I was surprised by how dim the room lighting was. It's as if it was intentional to form some sort of mood.. . My room had four different rooms - a kitchenette area, a bathroom, a living room, and a bedroom. Both the living room and bed room had large flat panel HD TVs - and with a respectable number of HD channels!. . The kitchenette had a small mini fridge, as well as a minibar stocked with water, soda, beer, booze, and snacks. There is also a two burner stovetop and a microwave.. . The bed was very comfortable. The mattress was nice and firm, not mushy.. . The door has an electronic lock that is activated by a chip in your room card. You wave or move the card close to the sensor on the door and it unlocks. There is also a couple of buttons inside the door that control a light in the hallway right next to the door. The color of the light provides information to the maid/cleaning staff - as to whether the room is available to be cleaned, or if you want privacy (blue light) or if you are specifically requesting maid service (green light).. . The staff are friendly and very accommodating. I had set the light to blue one morning and when I left my room for the day, I forgot to change the light color. When I got back to my room, there was a light flashing on my phone indicating I had a message. When I called to get the message - the message was a query as to whether I needed my room cleaned. Wow! Very thorough!. . The room also has power window shades that are operated by a wall switch. The room also had free internet access - available via ethernet or Wifi.
As somebody who absolutely hates Las Vegas but has to be there twice a year for business, the Vdara is absolute hotel Heaven!  My husband and I were in Vegas for three days.  He had to be there for work and they had set us up at the Bellagio for the first two nights.  What a disappointment that so called 'classy' hotel was.  Our room was small and depressing.  A third night there would have been $470 which was waaay over priced for what we were getting.  We decided to change hotels and booked a panoramic suite at Vdara for half the price of the Bellagio room.  Were we pleasantly surprised when at check in we were told our room had been up graded to a penthouse, two level, top floor (56th and 57th) suite.  The suite was an absolute Hotel-Nirvana-Experience!   The suite takes up both sides of the floor, so you have amazing views on both sides of the hotel.  The suite features a spacious living room with gigantic windows, flat screen TV and media center; a dining area; a full kitchen with huge fridge, dishwasher, stove, micro wave oven and washer and dryer; one downstairs bathroom; a bedroom with yet another flat screen TV; an enormous upstairs bathroom with stunning views. The list goes on and on. Another plus point is the free and super fast WiFi, which is a luxury on its own compared to the poor WiFi some of the hotels offer ... and charge for!. The other nice thing about this property is that it doesn't have a casino and that the whole hotel is smoke-free.. The staff is super helpful and friendly.  . . A must-book when you HAVE to be in Vegas and want to experience your stay with style.
Front desk customer service was great. The room was cleaned and quiet. Easy access to valet.
Great rooms and decor!  Nice place to relax after enjoying all Vegas has to offer!
I normally stay at the Venetian but my family & I stayed at Vdara for Halloween weekend & I never want to stay anywhere else in Vegas.  For a family this is great, all of the rooms are suites so you have a kitchen area, living room and bedroom.  We had the cheapest suite and that still had mini fridge that helped us w/groceries over the weekend.. . It's a nonsmoking hotel & there's no casino so if you're going to be busy doing other things while in Vegas, stay here!  You're just walking distance from the Aria, Cosmo and the Bellagio but if you want to get across the street, where there's a ton of things to do, you'll need to walk a ways to a crosswalk.. . Most complaints are pretty true, parking and the check-in/check-out.  Parking is valet only at Vdara so you may have to wait a bit during peak hours but the parking is free, you'll just need to tip the valet.  We were lucky that the check-in didn't take too long but since we had two rooms, I was only able to check-out of one of our rooms directly from our room's TV.  . . Not sure if this is a regular thing but when we were checking-out, there was a woman standing there that would take our info, our room # and took my email address so that they guestfolio could be mailed to me.  If there seems to be an employee hovering around the check-out line see if that's what they're doing so you can get out quicker!
Very clean and modern. Awesome that entire hotel is non-smoking. Also no casino but very close to others. Bathroom is really nice with big soaking tub. Great view. Comfy king bed. 2 flat screens. Microwave, small fridge and 2 burner kitchenette (we didn't use) nice staff and close to Aria and The Cosmopolitan. Stayed on the 30th floor and had a great view. Pool is super cool with lots of cabanas and day beds. Nice gym too. All the other hotels seem old and stink like smoke in comparison.
This place is AMAZING!!!! The rooms are gorgeous and the service is impeccable.  I love the fact its a non gaming and non smoking hotel.  It feels good go down the elevator and the first thing you smell is cigar or cigarette smoke.  . . The rooms are all suites and its very spacious. The views are amazing and its a hop, skip and a jump from the Cosmopolitan and the Aria.  The have free WiFi and did i say AMAZING??  I think this hotel will be my go to hotel from now on when I go to Vegas.
Once you stay at the Vdara, you learn to appreciate non-gaming, non-smoking and less rowdy hotels in Las Vegas more. It was a peaceful hotel with a contemporary look and feel. The rooms were wonderful. The bathroom was even better. It was  large and clean. Everything looked new. The rooms came with these amazing robes. It was high quality material and felt so good against the skin. I didn't want to take it off! . . The room I stayed in had a comfortable king size bed, with high quality linen. There were two TVs, one in the bedroom area and one in the living room area. I liked the fact that they provide you with the auxiliary cord to connect your Ipod to the TV. . . Room service was prompt. Every time we called for something, it came quickly. The staff were extremely nice and helpful. . . The location is nice because you can walk to the two newest hotels in Vegas, Cosmo and Aria. You can also walk to Bellagio and a bunch of older hotels as well. Just like most hotels in Vegas, the Vdara is so big, you can easily get lost in there. The pool was tranquil. The music wasn't loud and it was just perfect to relax. Only problem with Vdara is that the entrance is kind of confusing and hard to locate. If you're unfamiliar with the new City Center. If you are driving, then it is likely you'll have a hard time finding the entrance, even if you have it in your GPS.
My boyfriend and I stayed here on a Thursday and I fell in love with this place.. . If you want an early check in, the earliest they have it is at 8:00am and it's complimentary!. . The entrance is pretty simple to find, it's right next to the cosmo.  Parking is only Valet but it's def worth it since they find your car in about 2-3 minutes.  As soon as we got there, we felt welcomed.  All the staff is really nice and helpful.. . There were only 2 staff at the check in so it took us about 5 - 10 minutes to get helped but it was worth the wait.  The casino smelled cleaned and new since it is a non smoking and non gambling casino. The check in and elevators are right near each other so you don't have to go crazy trying to find both like the Venetian.. . We upgraded our room for $20 more to a City Corner Suite on the 46th floor and my oh my was it worth every penny.  I hate elevators because some feel like they're about to break but the elevators here are so smooth that you don't even feel like your moving. . . Our suite was HUGE with a BEAUTIFUL view!  We could see the strip, the bellagio fountains and all the back side too.  The whole suite just wrapped around with windows with beautiful views.  . . They have 2 restrooms, a kitchen table, full kitchen with huge refrigerator, (the microwave is also an oven)  we took a pizza and cooked it (yummy)  living room was cute and comfy, the bedroom was spacious with the bed that felt like if you were floating on a cloud.  The main restroom had a nice big tub for 2 people with 2 separate sinks, toilet and shower.  Just lift the curtains up and relax on the tub for an amazing view of the strip :). . The decor was absolutely amazing, the color, the structure.  Amazing.  I would love a home like this one day and I also hope to stay at this hotel more often because it def blew me away :)
I had booked a Panoramic Suite at Vdara to have a little birthday party there with my friends last month.  When my fiance and I were at the front desk, we received excellent service!  Our agent was very nice.  He asked if were having a party because  he noticed we were carrying a lot of stuff and we said we were here to celebrate my birthday.  He said since we were just staying one night, he upgraded our suite to the 1 Bedroom Penthouse Suite with a better view of the Strip!  I definitely was fine with taking that upgrade!. . I've seen enough Las Vegas hotel suites to say that Vdara suite is my top favorite.  I was impressed with the modern decor, the comfortable bed, the spaciousness (it was spacious enough for the 20 people who were in my suite), and the view of the Strip!. . If I ever plan to have a staycation, I'll come back to Vdara for sure :)
Booked the Penthouse and all i can say is....WOW!!!!. . The panoramic view of the strip from the corner Penthouse was breathtaking and the spacious rooms were elegant, modern & clean.  The beds you ask? Nice and firm, just the way i like it! Flat screens in every room. What's next? the toilet? lol. Oh, and the fully automated shades and daily "turn down" service was pretty impressive, too!.   . Throughout my weekend stay, service was on point and the hotel staff didn't miss a beat.  Even on my last day, they provided complimentary limousine service to the airport!  Very swank.. . My only complaint would be that my darn ears kept popping as I rapidly ascended the elevator to the 54th floor.  But hey the view from that soaring height was worth a few annoying pops in my ear and luckily after a couple of days, i adjusted ;)  . . The spa at the hotel was also clean, contemporary and most importantly, relaxing. They had all the facilities i've come to expect from a fine resort hotel spa (i.e. TV lounge with refreshments, expansive fitness room, jacuzzi & whirlpool, steam room, and sauna.  . . Located inside the newly built City Center, this smoke free & eco-friendly hotel is within walking distance to all the local hotspots, dining, and entertainment on the main strip.. If you're looking for a relaxing recovery aftera night of complete decadence, this just might be your ticket to paradise.. . Happy Times!
Wow this hotel is beyond amazing. I don't see why there would be any bad reviews for this hotel. Vdara is a very upscale hotel with excellent customer service. I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and I really didn't want to ever check out. You must keep in mind that this hotel is simple so no casino or clubs. It's fairly quite here but if your looking for some excitement then go right over to Cosmo hotel or Aria hotel. Both hotels are super close. . . My friends and I came to Vegas for my friend's 21st birthday and at first we reserved a one bed room suite with one king bed and a pull out sofia bed. Since it was four of us we thought that was perfect. But we got there and they upgraded up to the Hospitality Suite which is a two bed penthouse for FREE! We walked in and was in heaven. Everything was so elegant and classy. Very modern and upscale. Our penthouse was huge about 1,300 square feet with two master bed rooms with 2 bathroom and 1 restroom for guests. We had a living with a 42" flat screen tv. A fully equipped gourmet kitchen with a dish washer. We had a washer and dryer and iron with iron board. Nice robes and slippers for all of us. The water here is so fresh that you'll probably never drink arrow head water again LOL. Each room had a 42" flat screen tv while the restrooms had a 13" flat screen tv and countless channels. The showers had glass doors and a sitting area inside. The tub was huge and was perfect for soaking. The views in the living and bed rooms were incredible. Their were king beds in both rooms and nice fluffy pillows. There service is a little slow and I don't mean in time LOL. We called the front for a sharp knife and after it was confirmed that they were going to bring it, they kept calling to ask if we needed anything else :-/ like no we're fine. & then we came back from the mall and took a nap and house keeping came in our room and woke my friend up to ask if she needed anything LOL. When my friend told me this I was in tears! So funny but scary as well. That's all I can think of as far as the hotel go and customer service. . . We had one friend who was staying in another penthouse here and his layout was a little different then ours but still nice. The penthouse is good for having guest over. We had some drinks at our friend's penthouse and we met some other guest here who were awesome and we had drinks and room service over there. We didn't get back to our penthouse till 6:30am it was that much fun here.. . Overall Vdara was an amazing hotel and now that I know this for a fact I can never go back to those little hotels off the strip like I use to do. This place is too beautiful and we had a blast here!! I will be back for the next trip to Vegas :)
Stayed here for three nights during the week prior to Thanksgiving and we absolutely will be back. Front desk to housekeeping staff were all courteous and more than helpful. The scent in this hotel is incredible. It is subtle and smells so fresh. As many others have mentioned, since there is no casino and no smoking on site, it is wonderful to walk into this place. They let you know upfront that if you are smoking on site they charge a $250 fee (fine). They have a nice little bar available right by the front entry and a little deli that offers bagels, sandwiches, etc.  The rooms were only exceeded by those at Encore. Very nicely designed, electric shades, bed and pillows...oh my God! Nice little kitchenette, even though we didn't really use it. We arrived at the hotel at 10am on a Saturday and they had a room available on the 8th floor, but she offered to put us into a handicap accessible room on the 21st floor and we jumped on that. It was essentially the same room with only a few differences; microwave and bed were a little closer to the floor and the shower had some alterations. Minor issue with the shower not having a shower curtain, but it was brought up to us by housekeeping. They were also going to bring up a liner for the curtain, but we never received it, not that we cared. Some have complained about the distance to the strip, however, we thought it was perfectly situated. Aria is right next door and the back entrance to the Cosmo is about  1/2 a block away. Will definitely stay here again. We are returning in February and are being comped at Paris. I know we will be missing Vdara.
what barney stinson (from how i met your mother)'s suite in vegas would look like! . . rooms are brand spankin new as the place just opened up in 2009-2010? elevators are pretty fast and you get the whole "whoosh" feeling as you go up hahaha. . . hotel doesn't have a casino or anything, but it's not like you need an actual slot machine in your room! or do you? i actually prefer the rooms here compared to cosmo, as it's just as modern and a lot more spacious/bang for your buck. you really don't miss out on much either as aria/cosmo/marquee are a 5 min walk and there's a shuttle to bellagio hahaha.. . be careful with the locks on the bathroom though, i once trapped myself inside for almost an hour. without my phone!  lol
Excellent service and suites are exquisite. Best part about it for me is there is no smoking and gambling so you don't have to worry about cigarette smoke in your lungs and on your clothes. All valet parking makes it easier as well.
solid 5 stars.. . lodged in the 50th floor with a sick view of the las vegas strip. loved the modern decor, & our room even had its own kitchen! the only downside to it is the ventilation for it kinda sucked (no range hood).. . the room reminded me of a mini studio! the room even supplied an aux wire for our mp3 player.. . beware: the hotel does charge an additional resort fee (gym, wifi, internet, etc.), which was fine with me, my boyfriend was here for a business trip, so the internet was a necessity.. . also, i loved that the hotel did not have a casino at the verrry bottom, which cleared up my nose (:. . tip: if you valet your car, you can call from your room to have the valet boy fetch your car (=
Stayed here for the New Years weekend and it was AMAZING! We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite on the corner of the 54th floor and everything was spectacular! The room was gorgeous and the views from every single room were out of this world. Everything was beautiful, super comfortable and all staff encountered were friendlyand helpful. I didn't want to come home and for me after a bender of a weekend in Vegas I usually can't wait to go home! The Vdara was so kick ass I just didn't want to leave. I wish the pool was a bit larger but then again we never found the time to go swimming anyway. Thanks Vdara for a memorable weekend!. . Might I add that our room included limo transports to and from the airport. 4 trips total. Awesomeness
Vdara Hotel & Spa ... where do I begin?  My Husband and I spent 4 glorious days at Vdara!  We were there from January 2 - 6, 2012.  Check in was quick and easy.  We made our reservations through Expedia and got an amazing deal for room and airfare.  Basically we only paid for airfare from Seattle and the room was free.  So we decided to upgrade our room from a deluxe room to a corner suite.     I don't want to go it to the specifics but I was not happy with our room.  I called down to the front desk and they told us they would get us a better room if we were willing to wait 2-3 hours (allowing us to use the current room until the other was available).  We were upgraded to an Executive corner suite and given a $50.00 room credit.  I was quite surprised by their generosity.  I was just expecting another room like the one we booked.  WOW!  Our room was SWEET!  It had a partial view of the Bellagio fountains.  The living room, bedroom and bathroom all had AMAZING views!  This suite had 2 bathrooms, 2 large flat screen tv's, washer and dryer, full kitchen, etc. I also have to mention that all of the windows have automatic shades ... it's pretty sweet.  Oh BTW - if you plan on cooking any food there is not a full-size oven in the kitchen.  However there is a microwave with a convection oven.  . . Housekeeping was PERFECT!!  My Husband and I stayed out until at least 3:00 a.m. every night and we didn't leave our room until 3:00 p.m. every day.  Housekeeping came every day after we left and cleaned the room really good.  We have stayed at many hotels and I felt that housekeeping went above and beyond to make sure everything was perfect when we returned to our room.. . The one thing we really loved about Vdara ... no casino!  It was so nice to walk directly intothe hotel and not have to walk through the smoky casino maze to find our room.  Our favorite casino to gamble was at the Cosmopolitan.  The Cosmopolitan and Aria both have casinos and they are a very short walk from Vdara.  . . I would highly recommend Vdara!  My Husband and I usually take a trip to Vegas once a year, next year we will either stay at Vdara or the Cosmopolitan!
What a remarkable place. City center is amazing! My buddies and I stayed at Vdara for my bachelor party and really enjoyed our stay at the hotel. I knew going in there was no casino or restaurants in the building, but that was fine with the group because weren't big on gambling, and we're not afraid to walk around and find new places to eat. There is also only valet, and no self-parking like other hotels...heads up! If I remember right, my friend said the valet was free for guests.. After being hungover from the night before, we arrived pretty early (11am), and luckily 1 of our rooms was ready so we could drop our stuff and seek food. As soon as we walked into the lobby area, we could tell this place was going to be different...no smoking or stale casino air! Instead it smelled great, and new. The front desk service was the best any of us had ever seen. Check in was quick, we were upgraded on that room for free as well. It might have helped we were a bachelor party but nonetheless we were taken care of, which was cool.. My best man booked us a City Corner suite w/ an adjoining regular room, and we were very impressed. I had the master bedroom in the main suite, and had the sickest view of city center, all of Bellagio's property including their fountain show and lake, and the wide open area NW and west of the strip (Rio's area)! Literally the entire wall of my room (bathroom included!) was a full-on big window...so cool, especially at night. Also included was a full on kitchen (no plates or silverware) w/ Keurig coffee maker (nice touch), 4 flat screens, nice amenities, and full all in one media center box (which was good because they didn't have any ipod docking stations, but could hook up to this and play through the flat screen). The bathrooms were the nicest I had experienced in Vegas. . The concierge was amazing as well with very friendly and humorous service, as we got some help w/ club info and other details. The only thing I would say that was kind of weird, was they tacked on a "Resort Fee" (?) of $20-ish a day for wi-fi, and phone charges, etc. (my friend told us about it later on). There was absolutely no noise whatsoever...not even a vacuum or talking cleaning crew in the morning, which was nice. There is a small store/market in the lobby that actually had some pretty good sandwiches and snacks. The valet team was great as well. We were all very happy with the stay, experience, and hotel. . I'm considering making this my go-to hotel based on the fact it isn't totally insane like casino hotels are, is a smoke-free environment, and it has a great location on the strip.
Aside from its magnificent view (21st floor panoramic room), the service is unbeatable. When we arrived in the room, a coffee was missing (there was supposed to be two in the fridge). We called housekeeping, and they came up within 10 min with 4 coffee refills. Also, because the hotel is smoke-free, the air is fresh, and your clothes won't smell smoky after going down to the lobby. On the last day of our stay, we decided to do laundry so that we would not have to carry a load of dirty clothes back home. We called housekeeping, and they gladly brought up two boxes of laundry powder and fabric softener.. . As for the location, my only complaint is that Vdara has no indoor connecting pathway to nearby casinos. We went during the middle of winter, so we had to endure strong, gusty winds while wearing teeny tiny dresses and heels outside. . . But aside from that, I genuinely like the hotel a lot. I would recommend it for those who are looking for a relaxing and calm hotel. If you are seeking for fun/gambling, you can find it in the casinos (Cosmo, Aria, Bellagio) nearby.
I have stayed here a few times, once with my wife and another wife my guy friends. It was by far one of the best hotel experiences. Your right in city center so all of the hotels you would want to go to are right there. Aria is packed with great restaurants and the buffet for lunch and dinner is amazing. I highly recommend.I don't live to far from vegas so i have stayed in almost all the hotels but I will only stay at Vdara from now on.
I stayed at the Vdara for a business trip the last few nights and I loved it.  I had a lake view on the 40th floor.  Lake meaning...the Bellagio fountains.  The view was incredible.  I slept with the shades up all 3 nights.  I couldn't get enough of it.  The suite itself was huge by hotel room standards.  The first night I arrived close to midnight Vegas time and after unpacking I went in the soaking tub.  Simply heavenly.  It was definitely what i needed after a long flight with 1 layover.  The bed was actually pretty comfortable, although I prefer memory foam pillows to the down ones they had.  I was disappointed that the kitchen area was not stocked with a basic coffeemaker so I could heat up hot water and make tea.  I guess I didn't need a coffemaker since I had a microwave, but I really could've used a mug at least.  Apparently if you need any kitchen related items you need to contact housekeeping.  Well, I could not be bothered.  I was there for work, and it was a big conference next door at the Aria so I just got my beverages there.  I love the fact that the hotel is a non-smoking/non-gaming hotel.  It made my stay a relaxing retreat away from the madness and stinky-ness of Vegas casinos.  I would definitely recommend staying here again and loved the citywalk area.  The Aria was gorgeous and so was the Cosmopolitan.  Wish I had more time to explore the rest of the hotel amenities like the pool, fitness center and spa.
I stayed here twice already and was very pleased. Everyone was very kind and they were all always willing to help. Room service was also very quick. I called so many times for things and they came up very fast every time. I'm not sure why people are giving Vdara low ratings. We stayed at the City Suites and had a nice view of the city of Las Vegas. We booked our room with a promotional offer and we got a $50 room credit that we used for room services. All in all, the experience was very satisfying and I'll be coming back to stay here for sure.. . P.S. Its very nice to stay in a hotel that doesn't smell like smoke.
We stayed here for 4 nights and it was a beautiful Deluxe Suite. It made me wish I could have a studio like that in Chicago! The water bottles were free of charge, but you would have to call room service for extra as well as kitchenware and robes. . . This hotel was very clean and the staff members were so friendly. They all went out of their way to make you happy. Also beware, the market place is expensive. Tasty, but costly. My self-serve coffee cost as much as Starbuck's.. . Oh yeah... their beds are very comfortable!
4 days and 3 nights at Vdara. I Love Vdara. Had a lakeview terrace room, loved the view of the Bellagio Fountain. As usual, super clean hotel, super nice staff, love the walking distance to all Bellagio, Aria, Planet Hollywood and the main strip.  Includes mini fridge, beverage fridge, stove, microwave, dining table, queen size pull-out sofa and a king size bed, 2 back-to-back tv. Love love Vdara.
The husband and I stayed here a couple of weeks ago for 3 nights. We really liked Vdara...the smell that they pump in is amazing...I bought some scent sticks in it to bring home with us (you can get them at the spa). Every employee we encountered was pleasant and helpful. We never got anything at the market, the line was always really long and we didn't want to deal with it. It's centrally located, and is connected to the Bellagio by a covered walkway. It's also right next to Aria. I don't get the people who complained about it taking forever to get to the strip. Yeah, it took a few minutes, but I can imagine it would take the same amount of time if you were staying in a casino by the time you walk through it to get outside. We loved that the property was non-smoking, and that we had a refrigerator in the room to keep bottled water, soda, beer, etc. in.. . I would highly recommend this hotel, and wouldn't hesitate to return!
Overall, Vdara was great -- thats why it gets 5 stars from me. We stayed here this past weekend with a group of 8, two rooms. When we checked in we slipped a $20 with the ID (A good Vegas upgrade practice) and got upgraded to two Bellagio Fountain rooms right next to each other which was great.. . As many people have mentioned, the hotel smells fantastic when you walk in. It is such a breath of fresh air (did someone make that pun already, too?) from every other hotel on the strip. The thing I really disliked about vegas was the smoking EVERYWHERE, so coming home to this hotel was so refreshing as it is a non-smoking property as well.. . The rooms were modern, the service was for the most part speedy, and the views we had of the strip/Paris/Bellagio fountains were AMAZING. Really a great place to stay if you are looking for something modern, classy, and different in Vegas.. . Still 5 stars, however  it wouldn't be Yelp if there weren't a few nit-pickey things to say. Just to point out in case any of these things hit your buttons:. . -- The $25 resort fee. Thats $25 a day, and supposedly covers the pool, gym, Wifi, and bottled water in your room. The Pool was closed for renovation during our stay (We were  given use of the Aria pool next door by showing our room keys, which was actually a plus for me since their pool was amazing!). Also, the Wifi barely worked and we had to ask for the bottled water to be replaced daily (not usually a water snob, but the tap water there tasted very odd). $25 still seems way too much for all that, but it is Vegas.. . -- No Pool (for now at least). Like I mentioned, if you are booking around the date this review was posted note in advance that their pool area is currently closed for renovation. You are given access to Aria's pool next door, just show your room key when you walk in. Aria's pool deck is fantastic: three pools, three spas, and a bar. Watch out for those $25 Mojitos.... . -- It's a short walk from the strip. This didn't really bother me as after the first day we pretty much had our bearings and could figure out the fastest ways to the strip. Vdara is connected to Bellagio via a bridge so walking through Bellagio, to their casino, to the shops was one way out to that end of the strip (or) taking the tram to Crystals or Monte Carlo was another. Just know that everything will be a walk, and everything looks closer than it is!. . -- Be ready to ask for everything. Although the rooms have kitchenettes, none of the cupboards are stocked. We called Housekeeping countless times to request things like silverware, glasses, plates, a can opener, bottle opener, hair dryer, more towels, blah, blah. There a little signs around the room that say things like "For your convenience, you can request kitchenware from Housekeeping." Not sure how this is more convenient this is for the guest... or even the hotel for that matter. Just making more work for housekeeping! We received most items we requested within 20 minutes.. . . Bottom-line, I would stay here again. Everything was high-end, modern, and such a nice break from the strip. However, I'd probably choose Aria or a different hotel on the strip next time just the same, to try something new!
I must admit, I was a tad wary when we chose this hotel for our Vegas trip - but loved everything about it!. . Situated a teeeeeny bit behind the strip, Vdara is actually extremely accessible! There is a tram that runs from Monte Carlo (if you need to get to Wet Republic, etc) to City Center to Vdara. It is also connected to the Bellagio through a small walkway. Across the rotunda is Aria, and down the stairs leads you to Cosmo. Definitely very convenient. . . The rooms are nice and spacious. My girls and I tried the $20 sandwich trick and we got upgraded! Our rooms were next to one another, and had a beautiful view of the Aria and In-N-Out (OBVS THE BEST PART). There was a king bed as well as a pull-out queen bed (which was unfortunately not very comfortable). The bathrooms are sooooooooooo big which is a must for getting ready. There are also a TON of mirrors in the room, black out curtains, and a tub to soak your feet as well as a shower - which all added to the perfection of Vdara =) There is also a pretty legit sound system for you to plug in your music. Wooooooot!. . As other reviewers have pointed out, there is no casino/lounge/hot spot inside Vdara, so it is definitely not frequented as much as the other casinos on the strip. But the crowd was still young and we saw tons of ppl heading out at night, as well as some people ptfo on the hallway who never made it back to their rooms... ;). . The bar and cafe/market downstairs were pretty legit as well. Nothing wrong with this place at all! For 3 nights, we spent $160 per person.
The Vdara pleasantly surprised me during my recent Las Vegas foray. Upon entering I was immediately greeted at the front desk by a gentlemen with a tablet computer who asked for my name. I gave him my info and he informed me that I had been upgraded to a penthouse suite. Now, I was staying by myself and now I had a room larger than my apartment. Awesome! I'm not sure why I need 4+ TVs in my room but it was awesome. . . For those of you complaining about the lack of food options. You're seriously 50 feet from the Aria! Can you not walk across the street?! . . I personally love that fact that this is a no casino hotel. It means I don't have to snake through three miles of casino floor just to get back to my room. . . I will be staying here again.
I booked a room at Vdara because aa.com had a special package that was going to let me lump my hotel with my flight. I was looking at spending less than $100 a night on a hotel room at one of the new hotels!. . The Vdara is the perfect hotel for me and really suits my needs and requirements. I am not a huge fan of Las Vegas. I generally do not go to Vegas unlessI really have to. There are too many lights, smoke and opportunities to blow my bank my account.. Vdara is perfect because:. . - ALL rooms are non-smoking. As a matter of fact, the entire facility is non-smoking. I was down at the bar when some guy tried to light up a cigar. Unanimously, several of the patrons and bar staff looked at him in horror. We all told him the place was non-smoking and he'd have to take a little walk to the Aria to light up. Sorry smokers, this is one place in Vegas where you're going to have to let the rest of us breathe in peace.. . - The suites are all very roomy and definitely private. My suite had a kitchenette, dining area, living area, sleeping area and HUGE bath room. I had a free suite upgrade (no $20 sandwich trick), so I'm guessing I got one of the larger suites. I had a great view of the Bellagio fountain show and loved the automated curtains (esp. the Blackout option).. . - Besides the bar and small cafe in the lobby, there isn't a casino, so there isn't a lot of noise or a crowd around that's going to cause a huge ruckus. I loved it.. . - It's just a short distance away from Aria, Bellagio and the Cosmopolitan, so if you want to go to a show, or casino, you can walk or take the train to any of these other hotels ... you do that anyway regardless of the hotel you're staying at.. . - They have a very awesome bar with great cocktails. If it's not on the menu, the bartender will still whip you up what you're looking for.. . The staff was very friendly, at all hours - I encountered them late into the night and early in the morning. I will definitely be staying only at Vdara in future Vegas trips.
Gorgeous hotel! And yes it smells like this awesomeness mixture of lavender and vanilla all the time. The bed and pillows are nothing short of absolutely amazing! Mix that bed with the blackout shades and I could've marinated in that room for days!!!I must say loved this hotel and the customer service is superb! . . On the downside the resort fee and the incidental charge of $100+ a night is not disclosed; I booked through a 3rd party vendor so I was quite shell shocked when I checked in. . . Other than that loved it here ! I would most definitely stay here again loved... Oh and justsay no to room service ... Lol !!!!!
**Two things to note: There is no self parking at this resort. Only valet parking. The staff is very nice, so please be sure you tip them. Also, there is a 20 dollar resort fee here that includes your wi-fi and bottles of water in your refrig in your hotel room**. . Vdara is located in the back of Citycenter, across from the Aria hotel. It's one of the few hotels in Las Vegas that is a Non-Smoking, Non-Gaming hotel. Aria is just a quick 2 minute jog along the pathway, so there isn't anything to worry about. . . Check-in:. . Since this was my first time staying at Vdara, I had tons of questions. The usual stuff, like room upgrade deals, layout of the resort, and how things worked at their hotel. With other hotels that I've stayed at in Vegas, (like Mandalay Bay and MGM) there is a supervisor that overlooks each of the check in areas, but at this resort, there isn't. If you do have questions, they have to go the back office to ask the boss any questions that you might have that they are not familiar with or do not have any information for. So it may take a few minutes. . . Other than that, check in was pretty smooth. Abraham was really nice and did his best to accommodate me with the highest floor possible. . . The Room:. . Had a bit of trouble getting into the room at first. I was so use to sliding my keycard into a slot and then opening the door. This one, took me a minute to figure out. Just in case the hotel clerk doesn't tell you how to open the door, you have to wave your keycard in front of the black magnetic device on the left side of the door in order to get in. (I laughed once I figured it out). . I loved the room overall. The studio was very spacious with separate bedroom, living room and kitchenette area. The bathroom is nice as well. Separate shower and a huge tub. Room is approximately 500 square feet. . . Overall I had a wonderful experience and would recommend this hotel to anyone that wants to go to Vegas, but does not want a hotel that is filled with smoke. I will definitely be back here to stay again.
This is 4.5 stars, but I'm rounding up because my experience exceeded expectations.. . I come to Vegas on a regular basis and am pretty jaded.  I often come for work, so have to keep it cool for much of the week, as I'm unable to self-medicate with coffee or Red Bull in the morning.  My company had booked a 2 bedroom suite for entertaining clients, and myself and one of my coworkers ended up benefiting from this arrangement.. . The view from the suite was amazing.  We were looking due south on the 45th floor, and had a clear view of the 15, the Luxor, the Mandalay Bay, etc.  I pulled rank on my coworker to get the view to the southwest from my bedroom as well.. . It's not right on the Strip, but Harmon offers pretty easy access to the frontage road (Dean Martin) paralleling the freeway on the West.  This is a fast way to get around without dealing with the traffic crush and rubberneckers on the Strip.. . There is no casino.  If you consider this a downside of this hotel you might have a gambling problem.  There is a casino less than 1/4 mile from the front door (Aria).  The Cosmopolitan is walking distance if you're craving more clubs and eye candy.  Since the Vdara isn't really a 'destination', the cab traffic can be somewhat light but the taxi lines sort of match, so getting a cab isn't that much of a time suck.. . There were only a couple of misfires that didn't really dampen the whole experience:. . The wall safe in the walk-in closet was mounted and hinged so that I could not see into it when it was open.  But hey, walk in closet.. . There were no outlets near the bed, but there were enough outlets in the bedroom that I just coped with having my phone over on a small table instead of near me on the nightstand.. . There were a few problems with the keys when we checked in, but that might have been because of the way we were getting multiple keys for many coworkers.. . One of the valet attendants was pretty rude when we asked for the favor of leaving our rental up front, despite us being willing to tip heavily to make it happen.  The rental was an Escalade, so it wasn't the ugly car factor (since there was an Explorer in the front row).. . The blinds leave small slits so it's not as blacked out in the morning as I've seen in other hotels.  This wasn't a deal killer, but you might consider bringing a sleeping mask if you plan on partying hard and light keeps you awake in the morning.. . Those were very minor, and were washed away by all the greatness I observed.. . Service (apart from the aforementioned valet attendant) was fantastic.  Everyone was super-friendly, even the elevator guards.. . The suite was fully appointed, by which I mean you could live in it, which I'm led to understand was the original point of the hotel.  Dishwasher, instant-hot faucets, oven, full-sized built-in fridge, range, big built-in trash can, washer and dryer, and a flatscreen TV in both bedrooms and the main sitting area.  It was /big/, bigger than any two bedroom apartment I've ever rented.  It had a small half bath in the front and full private bathrooms for each bedroom, including separate shower and bath.  The blinds were remote controlled.  The bed and pillows were exceptionally comfortable.  Exceptionally.. . Internet access was free and mostly usable, if you don't mind occasionally hitting a clear http site to 'reset' the connection.. . We plugged our laptops right into this fancy access panel under the TV via HDMI and were easily able to deliver presentations.. . Walking into a hotel after a long evening in Vegas after a long day working a trade show and being greeted by a pleasant smell and the blissful ABSENCE of slot machine dinging and blinking made the evenings wind down more pleasantly.. . Maybe I just like this place because i'm getting old, but I will definitely stay here again!
Excellent hotel and accommodations for Vegas.  I've stayed there two years in a row for the NAB Show and had a great experience.  Excellent views either direction of the hotel.  Beds, showers and rooms are very comfortable with a nice dose of chic.
really enjoyed my stay here!. . the suites are beautiful and the customer service of the staff is great.. . it's a convenient location in the heart of the strip, and even though there's no casino in the hotel, it's nestled between the bellagio and the aria.. . fitness center and pool are nice, nothing out of this world, but nice.. . the panoramic views are amazing!. . will be returning.
Great Hotel, exactly what I was looking for. No Casino, No Smoking great pool and pool restaurant. Super easy walk to the Bellagio, Aria and Cosmo for the big nights.
I was very pleased with my stay here, the room was clean and smoke free, the staff bent over backwards to help us, and the view of the Bellagio fountains was amazing.. . I was a little nervous to stay here.  I read the yelp reviews about the service and the location and I was concerned.  Yelp, for the first time, you let me down.. . The room:  The room was about 550 square feet.  The space was well used, big enough for a kitchenette, a full sized couch, and large closet.  The bathroom was roomy.  The decor of the room was modern, yet simple.  The bed was nice and firm, which is a huge plus for me as my back usually aches from overly soft Vegas beds.  All the rooms are smoke free, which is a huge reason we stayed here.. . Location:  The hotel doesn't have any strip frontage.  I assume if you are driving here, the lone curvy on ramp is hard to find.  To get to the hotel from the Strip, you have to walk through the Bellagio (shorter) and the Monte Carlo.  Which way you choose would depend on which way on the strip you want to go.  The walk from the from entrance of the Bellagio to the Vdara elevators takes about five minutes if you are moving briskly.  It is much quieter than your average hotel, so take that as a plus or minus based on your needs.  For me it was a plus.. . Staff:  The staff couldn't have been nicer.  When we arrived, a bellwoman gave us the layout, including the quickest way to the strip.  Our luggage was checked at the curb and we were on our way in five minutes.  There wasn't a line at the front desk when we returned two hours before scheduled check in.  No problem about the time, the clerk said and we were checked in within another five minutes.  Once inside the room, we had to call the bell desk for a bags.  Somehow they arrived in five minutes (getting a theme here).  By comparison, last time I stayed in the Bellagio, it took something like 20 minutes to get my bags.  I was able to check out through the TV and then a call to the front desk, in under five minutes.  All those interactions are good for even a small hotel, but fantastic for a midsized hotel like Vdara.. . Overall:  We had excellent service in a quiet smoke free room with a longer than average walk from the strip.  Assuming that the price stays competitive (it was only slightly more expensive for us than the Luxor and a few hundred dollars less than Ceasars for three nights) it will be the first place we check next time we go to Vegas.
Pleasantly surprised!! I am not a huge fan of Las Vegas so I think my expectations were quite low to start.. Speaking to a guest in the elevator on the way to my room - he said, "You will LOVE it!". ok I was getting a little pumped.. WOW, I loved my room...45th floor with a clean sweeping view of VEGAS and it actually made my stay!! I am a big bath person and find great pleasure in ending any evening with a hot soak....this tub was a beauty. Suddenly I found myself yearning to end the evening earlier just to try out the tub...sigh.. The automated black-out blinds and blush shades, dark woods contrasted with white linens...spacious bathrooms and a whole wall of window..... I will be back :)
Love it here!! Big modern suite, amazing view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip, across to Rio and Palms, from the 49th floor. Check in was fast and friendly. All staff very helpful. Very attentive service by the pool on the day we paid for a bed, although the gf got ignored when down there on her own the next day. . . Perfect location IMO, so close to the Bellagio with a direct walk in that if you prefer a modern non smoking environment, there's nowhere better. . . Plus the beds are so comfortable!!!!. . Only downside really is a bit of a trek to the strip, and the ridiculously slow lines at the market cafe. Not great coffee either, but a short walk through Aria to the edge of the Monte Carlo gets you to a Starbucks. . . Had one maintenance issue on the first day and staff were up within minutes and it was sorted. . . Will definitely be staying again! . P
I've stayed here 3 times and I really can not complain. In fact, I think this is the best hotel experience I've ever had. I've ever had. I had to repeat it so you guys would know the legitimacy of what I just said.. . I love it here because there's no club and there's no casino. Now, I'll admit when I'm headed to Vegas the thing in the front of my mind is, "What club are we hittin this weekend?" However, it's nice to not have to deal with the madness of the club scene and the smokiness of the casino. But, you're close to Aria and Cosmopolitan to get in touch with the madness.. . What many people don't know is that the hidden gems are the hotel bar and the hotel pool. The bartenders are pretty nice and make excellent drinks. It's a cool place to meet up with people and to even meet new people (unless you're too cool to chat with strangers). The pool is very chill. I don't recommend it if you're looking for your Vegas dayclub/pool party (Wet Republic, Liquid, Marquee). There's a DJ and a bar. You can order food and drinks and chill by the pool. . . If possible, I highly suggest the 270 degree suite. Depending on where you are you can see the water show at the Bellagio from the comfort and privacy of your own room. Thus, eliminating pushy tourists and their cameras from knocking you in the head.
I spend couple of days at this hotel, and since Vegas has a reputation for creepy and nasty hotels, Vdara is a cut above the rest for those of us who don't want to deal with casino and smoking madness. I agree with some of the views expressed here regarding long lines for check-in or checkout, but that's a small inconvenience to the clean and healthy environment. Try checking into the Bellagio, you will wait for about a day to be checked-in due to long lines. We had a view of Bellagio and Paris, and enjoyed the water-show from the comfort of our room. I requested towels and they were there in about 5 minutes, I found the kitchen to be spacious and if I needed to cook, I could have had done that, but who wants to cook? I mean, the buffets are part of the Vegas experience. . . I enjoyed a large tub, clean shower and bathroom. The TV can use real HD with more channels. The only drawback was the Wi-Fi, sporadic on the 45th floor and above. I found the Wi-Fi across at the ARIA to be super-fast and I used it when I went there for breakfast. The connection of Vdara to Aria, Bellagio and Monte Carlo is an excellent idea, you can go and gamble, and if you win lots of money, then transport your dollars via the tram line to your hotel safe..lol!!!  I intend to stay at the Vdara each time I visit Vegas because I was treated well. The valet was superb too, just tip them few bucks and be on your way. I didn't visit the pool or spa, but I understand it too small for a large hotel such as this one. Lastly, avoid free show tickets offers, they are scam and timeshare madness. I listened to their street presentation and quickly figured out, they are full of baloney and I moved-on.
my favorite hotel in vegas. no casino means no "ding ding ding" noise from slot machines and no smoke smell at all. very relaxed atmosphere and feels like an oasis from the rest of the strip. the vdarra suite is the way to go, as it has 800 sq ft of space and is very well appointed. very relaxing and makes you feel like you own a condo in the middle of the strip.
Went to Vegas a few months ago to unwind and have a little fun. In short, . 1) I hate cigarette smoke with everything that is within me. This spot is non gaming..non smoking. Nice.. . 2) Lobby smells wonderful, the staff is very attentive and the hotel is modern, clean and swanky.. . 3) Be sure to ask for your robe and slippers...yes I brought my own but I wanted to use theirs...Don't judge me!. . 4) Have breakfast in the sandwich spot located in the lobby. Our meal was cheap and really good. . . 5) Be ready to sweat in the elevator and pray no more than two people make stops to other floors. For some reason the elevators are not air conditioned. . . 6) I slept like baby in those beds for the few hours I spent in them. I'm seriously going to order those pillows. . . In conclusion, I had a wonderful time that weekend and the Vdara will be one of 2 hotels I'll stay in when I return. Tip: Ask for a room with a Bellagio view if available.  No upgrade fee!
I stayed at this hotel 2 summers ago when it had just opened. I know I am late but oh well. This was an amazing hotel to stay in. Granted it was expensive, but it was worth it. The rooms were really nice. There is a great kitchen with an electric stove and a fridge filled with goodies and a nice dining table. A living room area with comfortable sofas and a nice big TV. The bedroom was great. The bed was really nice and comfy. Slept like a baby on them. The bathroom was amazing. There were lots of amenities, robes, and other stuff (clearly I don't remember after 2 years). All the blinds in the rooms were electronically controlled. Overall, it was a great experience and a nice stay.
We enjoyed a long weekend here in a 2 bedroom suite, and it was definitely top notch! At first I was hesitant because the Vdara lacks a casino, but it was really awesome to be able to walk through the front door of your hotel and get to the elevator in about a minutes time. Short trips to your room are rare in Vegas, but not here. I'm a huge fan of City Center, so I like that Vdara is located right in the heart of it so you can get to the Aria, Cosmopolitan or Crystals with little effort. The only downside was that the pool area is a little small, but it gets the job done. I can't wait to come back here for another long weekend.
We stayed here for my bachelorette party and the room was awesome! I loved having a kitchenette (despite the fact that we didn't cook at all), fridge, and essentially two rooms. The employees were very friendly and helpful. They took care of our non-working fridge promptly.. The soaking tub in the bathroom was simply amazing. I went to the nearby CVS to pick up some bubble bath so I could enjoy it. The view from our room looked out over the Bellagio, so we could watch the fountain show from our room if we wanted. . It was nice not having to walk through a casino to get to the hotel elevators to get back to the room, giving the Vdara a more relaxing, resort-like atmosphere. . The cafe in the lobby is just so-so. It's rather overpriced for what you get, so I'd recommend going elsewhere to eat. That's the only other downside of the Vdara, there isn't a real restaurant inside, so you have to go to the Aria or Cosmopolitan for a buffet or full-service restaurant. . If you have the time and the funds, enjoy an afternoon renting one of the poolside cabanas. One of my friends treated us to this, and it was the most relaxing time we had there! The cabanas share a small, private pool, plus you get a mini-fridge stocked with fruits and snacks. Each cabana has four lounge chairs and offers food and drink service so you can eat poolside. The crabcake eggs benedict is incredible, as is the berry sangria.
My boyfriend and I stayed for five nights at the Vdara a few weeks ago and we were not disappointed. He chose the hotel since I am not a smoker and do not gamble, and it was perfect for that criteria. We checked-in late and had no problem and also ended up with a great room with an awesome view. The rooms are suites and include a kitchen and living room. For the kitchen you must ask to have it stocked as it comes unstocked. The bathroom was really my favorite part. It includes a separate shower and bathtub which is nice based on what kind of relaxation you are looking for. . . I spent a few days at the pool, which was fine but not as resort style as the others. We ended up taking advantage of the free VIP passes you can get to the Aria "adult only" pool the last day and I wish I would've gone there during our stay. As for food, I recommend the cafe at the pool. The nachos are enough for 4 people to eat, and the service was great, especially if you go up to the bar. I was disappointed that the cafe/little store in the lobbycloses early, but you can easily just walk through the tunnel to the Bellagio's which is open 24/7. Finally, I sat down for dinner at the bar in the lobby one night and was treated great. I highly recommend ordering the pizza for its the cheapest thing on the menu, delicious, and big enough for 2 people. . . In conclusion, I could probably live here and can't wait to come back.
My stay was great. The hotel is small since there's no casino but you just make a short walk to the cosmo and there's your casino. Every time my friends and i stepped into vdara we had to comment on the smell. My friend loved it so much she wanted to purchase whatever air freshener they use but never got around to asking. Rooms were a good rate and very spacious, I felt like I got what I paid for, it's not as large of a suite as the ones in venetian or palazzo but like I said you get more than enough for what you pay for. If you're younger and looking for a party then check into Cosmo but if you like quiet and comfortable book here. I've also stayed at the cosmo which was a lot of fun for my bachelorette but we ended up coming back to Vdara to use their spa facility. I've gotten their 50 minute swedish massage twice, and it's wonderful! They employ some different things I've never had done before like placing a hot stone on your lower back i figure to warm and loosen up the area before they get into the massaging. And the other thing I noticed was that they place little warmers over your feet ... it was unusual to me that they concentrated on my feet longer than I've ever really experienced at any other massage but it was nice because I was in heels the night before! Aside from the great massage, the facility is small but nice too. I went with 5 of my girlfriends and though it was small we felt like we had the whole place to ourselves bc there weren't many other guests. There's a small little jacuzzi, warming chairbeds, a sauna and steam room, lounge and quiet room. They have the basics but when we went that's all we needed to relax. I've also been to the Canyon Ranch Spa in the Venetian which was really fancy and nice but also way too crowded.
This is my go to hotel in Vegas now.  It is perfect for long or short stays.  The blackout shades are perfect for that quick afternoon nap to get ready for a long night.  A non-smoking, non-gaming hotel in Vegas seems odd, but it is great.  . . It is a short sky walk over to the Bellagio and Cosmopolitan plus Aria is right across the street.  This is a great spot tucked away from all the craziness of Vegas.  It offers the best of both worlds.. . Another big plus I found out upon checking out was you get points for your frequent flyer program! Not common with other Vegas hotels.
This is a pretty awesome place to stay if you need a place to decompress from the hustle and bustle of the casinos and the Strip.  All the suites have kitchens, which is awesome if you have the need to cook. Plus, eating out at so many mediocre restaurants gets old. And expensive. . The suites are modern and contemporary. The bedrooms are a nice size and comfortable. . Even though it's tucked away in the back of City Center (whether intentionally or unintentionally), you can walk to Bellagio from a walkway connected to the hotel, Aria and Cosmopolitan are walking distance next door, and the City Center Tram can drop you off at Crystals and the Monte Carlo and you're a short walk to Planet Hollywood. . . Service has been superb. If you use the kitchen in the suite, housekeeping will bring you utensils AND cookware!  . . Overall it's been a fantastic experience staying here. I can't be more pleased.. . The downside is the pool closes early, like 8pm on the weekends.  . . The wifi is free, which is awesome.
I love love love this hotel.  No casino.  No smoking.  Need I say more?. . Luckily, my boyfriend and I were able to stay here the past weekend paid for by his company to attend Defcon.  The Deluxe King room with the lake view that we stayed in was absolutely amazing.  The view of the Bellagio fountains through the huge panoramic windows left us breathless.  The room was significantly larger than most other standard Vegas hotel rooms.  The decor was contemporary and the bathroom was luxurious.  The bed was very comfortable as well.  . . I used to call Bellagio my favorite Vegas hotel.  Now it's neck to neck with Vdara.  Writing this review, I'm just realizing how much fun I had this weekend.  Here comes the vacation blues......
This is a great "Hotel Only" hotel in Las Vegas.  It is very modern in its design and I cannot remember a better night's sleep.  The rooms are fantastic with 2 TV's living space, kitchen, and a very large bathroom.  The hotel is right next door to the Bellagio but it is somewhat of a walk to get there.  If you are looking for food...good luck...they have a restaurant downstairs but the quick bites are not around.  Overall, a great experience even though I am writing this review based on my stay 1-2 years ago.
If your plan is to score a cheap thrill from one who's acting a fool and stumbling out of the club, then take that person to downtown Vegas or find yourself a sleazy motel. If you have quality company that deserves a lot more than weak tricks and theatrics, then consider Vdara. This non-casino, eco-friendly, and smoke-free property is located in the back corner of the City Center area. Write this down playas, if you want to impress your lady friend(s), book a stay at this classy joint. It's mad money.. . You can easily walk over to the Cosmopolitan or Aria hotels from the Vdara, including the City Center if you can afford to spend loot at those shops there. Also, there's a monorail that connects you to adjacent hotels if you so choose to take.. . Valet it, even if it's a '97 Honda Civic on chrome Enkei rims and an exhaust system that will instantly fail a smog check. If you haven't figured it out by now, valet service at Vegas hotels work on discretionary tip. Don't be so frugal, minimum $2-3 bucks at least please. These folks do work hard especially when it's 106 outside. Besides, I don't think they even have self parking available for you. So bring in that hoopty, it's all good.. . Even though there isn't a casino in this hotel, the lobby area can still be quite vibrant and occupied by all sorts of mammals. There's a lounge that seems to attract people at all hours. The elevators are guarded 24/7 by the grey suits so make sure you have your room key with you at all times. . . We got to stay on the 38th floor and most importantly in a corner room. This place was sick. Windows all around the entire room: from the long corridor/hallway leading to the full kitchen, passed the washer and dryer to the living room into the bedroom, and finally leading in the restroom. We nearly had 360 degrees of view; it was more like 270 degrees. All the windows are controlled by electronic shades. For a darker enclosure, hit the "black out" button. Stainless steel is found throughout the kitchen which is stocked with glasses, silverware, plates and bowls. The refrigerator is huge enough to store food for a Greek family's two weeks worth of goods. . . The bathroom had a separate toilet section followed by an all glass shower. The separate tub sits right next to it while facing out the windows. You will be able to soak in all the lovely visuals of the city as you frolic in the tub.. . The free mini gym offers state of the art cardio machines and weight machines. There's not too many dumb bells to work with so if the place is packed with meat heads then good luck. They offer fresh towels, water, and even headphones to connect you to their equipment. Flat screens were posted all over the place with ESPN blasting away. The gym is located next to the spa on a separate floor.. . Calling it a "room" or a "suite" here is by far a total understatement. It was more like an upscale and high end one bedroom apartment or condo. I've been impressed by many top hotels in Sin City but this one just seemed to be very intimate as compared to the others. The Vdara is ideal for couples, honeymooners, people who travel in style, or even for families. But let's say you had 5+ dudes wanting to bunk up in a single one bedroom here, I'd probably pass and look for other options. Otherwise, this place is sick with it.
I stayed there at least 8 times the past 2 years. And with the employees and everything around the city center you get the most for your money. The bartenders down stairs very humble and cool to the front desk everyone very chill. Coming from Hollywood and stuck up people to get away this hotel will be the only place I will stay and that's that
Beautiful hotel. Clean air no smoking! First class all the way. Free WiFI in the lobby. Will be back again
This is our favorite Vegas hotel.  As I am writing this, we're getting ready to leave for our fourth stay at Vdara this year.  It all started a few years ago when we were looking for a mini-vacation and were torn between Vdara and Aria.  We went with Vdara because it's nonsmoking.  We haven't looked back.  Prior to Vdara opening, we enjoyed THEhotel at Mandalay Bay but it's too far south on the strip for us.  . . It was a little confusing the first time around to find the valet but we simply followed the signs and found ourselves in front of the hotel.  (We did do our research ahead of time and found out that Vdara did not have a parking lot so we had two options: park a little further away at Bellagio or Aria or valet.)  We ended up using valet our entire stay.  I have to admit that having to valet each time is a little annoying but it's still pretty inconvenient at hotels with parking structures.  Ever try to find your way out of the Miracle Mile shops to get to the Planet Hollywood parking structure or walk through the cobblestones at Paris?  Most people don't have cars when they visit Vegas.  We always rent one because we enjoy getting off the strip.. . For the reviewer that said there's no do not disturb sign.  The do not disturb is built into the electronic panel near the door. The entire suite is controlled by these electronic panels placed throughout the suite.  It's not as complicated when you're staying in a regular suite but when you stay in one of the larger suites, you end up running around the suite trying to figure out which panels control which portion of which shade.  . . When we got married in May, we (and most of our bridal party and family) stayed at Vdara even though our wedding was actually off the strip in Summerilin.  My room blocks were set up about a year before the wedding so were were able to lock in great rates.  The prices jumped through the roof after the Mayweather fight was announced.  We've always stayed on the Bellagio fountain view side so we don't know how the views are from a different side of the hotel.  We did stay in a panoramic suite once that had a partial Aria view but it was only partial.  The amenities in the larger suites are a bit nicer than the regular suite (full fridge, washer/dryer, Keurig coffee brewer...) but we have been perfectly happy with the amenities of the regular suite.  For our wedding stay, we stocked the fridge full with alcoholic beverages, juices, Keurig k-cups, and other snacks for our family and friends to stop by in the days leading to the wedding.  I did a tour of the rooms before booking the suite because I was looking for a particular layout.  I wanted the vanity for hair and makeup.  I ended up booking the corner suite.. . The only thing I'm not entirely happy about is the fact that they've changed from using Aveda toiletries to their own brand.  I loved collecting the little bottles of rosemary mint shampoos.  But it's pretty minor. . . Since discovering Vdara, I've stayed at other hotels a few times.  (Not by choice.  I was going with a group of girls so we stayed at the same hotel that everyone else selected.)  Each time I stay at a different hotel and each time I walk through the lobby of Bellagio, I am reminded of how much I hate having to walk through the crowded casino to find the elevators.  I get so turned around so I end up spending 15 minutes walking around in a circle. My husband stayed at the Cosmo for his bachelor party and he said he preferred Vdara.. . We're not the type that use hotel staff services very often.  We travel with very few bags so we never use services of the bellhop.  We don't order room services.  We don't ask for additional towels.  During our wedding we did have to call for assistance for many things.  First I rented a full size SUV to drive all my wedding items to Vegas.  The fiance flew in two days after I arrived.  When I got to valet, I needed help with two wedding dresses, two rehearsal dinner dresses, 40+ out of town gift bags, bridal party gift bags, cork board for my escort cards, personalized water bottles for our in-room refrigerator, plus a multitude of wedding items.  To top it all off, the following day I came back with a few cases of beer, alcoholic beverages, mixers, macarons for the favors...the bell desk helped us with all these items.  We also had to call down for room service the third day there because fiance was hungry since he didn't eat the night before and immediately went out drinking.  Since we brought a lot of snacks and food into the room, we went through a lot of dishes, glasses, and flatware.  We ran the dishwasher and then discovered it was broken.  The engineer could not fix the dishwasher so he sent housekeeping with additional dishes, flatware, and glasses for us to use throughout our stay.  I felt bad for not washing them and just letting the dirty dishes pile up.  We also had a lot of trash.  The staff did a great job and we made sure we tipped well.
I don't know why everyone's hatinnnn. I love this hotel! . . Pros:. - THE BEDS FEEL LIKE CLOUDS! I came here with a group of 9 and of course, girls got the beds while guys got the sofa bed. My friend jumped on the bed and raved about how it felt like sleeping on a cloud, while my other guy friend jumped onto the sofa bed and complained that it bruised his ribs...So, if you're coming with a big group. CLAIM THE BED! It's amazing. . - kitchen area! I love the kitchen area and the huge fridge! Perfect for all your drinks (if you know what I mean) It's perfect for pregaming and hanging out. LOVE! . . - NO SMOKING! OMG, this is probably one of the kickers for me. I hate walking around the casinos and getting second hand smoke and this hotel has neither of them! No casino and no smokers! It's basically my vegas heaven. . . - SUPER CLOSE TO COSMO! Ok, What's the next best thing to staying at the cosmo? Staying at a hotel within walking distance of the cosmo!! It's sooooo convenient, seriously walking distance. . . - FREE VALET!!. . Cons: . - Very quiet. I always feel bad coming back super late just because I feel like I'm going to wake someone. . . - Parking. I still don't know where it is and I've been here 3 times now? BUT FREE VALET!. . Well that's about it for my cons. Honestly, still I don't understand why everyone is hating. I love this hotel and it's the next best thing to the cosmo. BUT if  you want to gamble...this is not the place to be
Loved it! Very cute lil suite. Also romantic in a way. So as u walk in the room there's the kitchen first and a good size kitchen with a stove too, but who the hell cooks wen ur in vegas?! Theres also a lil table w/ 2 chairs to sit and eat ur food. Then u see a lil mini living room with a flat screen and a partial wall dividing it to the bed area and on the other side of that wall is another flat screen. The bathroom is nice and clean. It also smells real nice inside and even in the hallway. Also wen u walk into the lobby it smells nice. I just like how its easy to leave the hotel and u dont have to walk thru the whole casino jus to get out. And if u do wanna go to the casino there is a bridge that takes u straight to Bellagio... It perfect! Love love love! Will definitely stay here again! The only sucky part was the resort fee of $25 and $3 service charge each day. They dont tell u that in the beginning. But wen u check out from the TV thats wen u'll see the additional charge.
Clean, modern, quiet, comfortable, large, roomy
The Vdara was contemporary and elegant. I had an excellent stay at this hotel the staff was friendly. I loved not having a casino in the hotel itself. Refreshing and beautiful! The Cafe downstairs had great food and it's right across the street from the Cosmo if you want to go to the pool party! I would stay again.
Beautiful hotel and large modern rooms. All the rooms are suites so you really can't go wrong with any of them. We had a great view overlooking the pool and mountains. Vdara is located next to Aria and Cosmopolitan, excellent spots to get your clubbing and gambling fix. The gym and pool were perfect. Needless to say, I didn't miss the casino or smoke=) It defnitely feels like a boutique hotel. Well worth the $.
No casino inside this hotel. Which means no swampy smoke infused land of second hand cancer! Whooohooo!. . Stayed in a suite this past August with a deal that gave us room service credit. Food from room service was tasty, nomnom! Room was clean and the overall hotel was pretty quiet. . . Before you can get to the elevators which takes you to the rooms, the lobby staff always ask you to present your room key just to make sure you're actually staying here. This makes it harder for people to sneak in and overfill a room passed capacity.. . Also the shower stall in the suite is see-through which is in the same room as the toilet, so if you're notcomfortable naked around other people, work out a wash schedule.
I love that this hotel has no casino and no gaming. The smoke can be killer for me. Vadara is walking distace to the strip and connects to Belligio and Aria. . Everyone was very friendly and the rooms were beautiful. . I will be statying here again!
Randomly decided to stay at Vdara and so happy I did! These rooms are super spacious (they are all suites) and very clean/modern looking. Beds and pillows are also super comfy!. . I loved that I didn't have to wander around a casino for half an hour to find the front desk because there is no casino!! haha, you get to literally walk in and the front desk is right there. . . Valet only parking and there is no direct way to go from the hotel to the strip. You have to connect through Bellagio or Aria. I got confused a few times when i was heading BACK to the hotel! . . Now that I've stayed there once, Ive been getting lots of promotion emails from them and their rates are not bad! Would def consider staying here again!
I'm not sure why this place only has 3.5 stars cause I loved staying here! No its not as chaotic as the other hotels but I love that you can actually breath in this hotel since its non-smoking. All rooms have a great view and I love the full kitchen you get in here! This room could easily fit more than four people since our room had a king size bed and a pull out couch. This place is also CLEAN, a very important factor in my stay. No, its not the most convenient place to stay since you have to walk through other hotels in the strip but I think it all depends on what kind of person you are and what kind of noise level you're looking for. Either way for me, thumbs up!
Without this amazing deal I found online, I can honestly say I probably couldn't afford to stay here. I was able to stay in the comforts of a beautiful one bed studio suite, equipped with the most amazing view, a huge bathroom that included a shower and gigantic tub and a kitchen. It had two flat screen TVs and a comfy couch that pulled out into a bed.. . Another huge plus is that there is no casino at this hotel despite being right off the main area of the strip and theres NO SMOKING! So it smells ultra delicious here.. . The pool is somewhat mediocre for being such a nice hotel, but at least its famous for its newsworthy death-rays that help with a 'killer' tan.. . Even though we were staying in Sin City, staying at Vdara felt like an oasis from the craziness. After a night of wild partying, it was amazing to come back to a quiet and luxurious hotel to relax and detox.
The best brand new spanking room that i've stayed in a hotel without a casino!  We stayed here for one night here in Vdara for my wife's b-day and it was second of two hotel stays at the Vegas strip that weekend.. . I know its part of the hotel center on the strip with the Cosmos and the Aria's but this was our first stay out of the Newbie hotels, and I'll tell you what I was quite impressed with our stay here.. . Modern style hotel rooms! Retractable blind shades, awesome views ( our window space gave us a good panoramic view outside) elegant baths! comfy king sized bed, kitchen with a refrigerator, dishwasher and stove.  . . Personally, I don't stay at very many expensive hotels but at a good price the room  here was like from a fancy resort, and it feels like a high baller! , well for me that is! to add to that, it was our best hotel stay out of our travels.. . It was nice chillen' in our room enjoying our Flat Tire beers during the day, then having a good time on a hot day at the pool. . . Im looking to build our way though stays in the Vegas hotel center. Vdara was well worth it! and a good start, Cosmopolitan Hotel your next! Aria Hotel you too!
Stunning.  And yes . . . boring, if your plan is to hang out in the casino because there is no casino.  If your plan is to hang out next door at the Cosmo and return to your stunning room (and smoke free hotel!!) to make sweet loving, then this place is the spot.  When my boyfriend took me here for my birthday, I had no complaints.. . We were upgraded to a panoramic suite.  It was basically a big ass apartment with lots of chrome, dark wood and glass.  There was a kitchen, complete with full size refrigerator, stove, and 6 person kitchen table.  Amazing views and super romantic.  Centrally located so if you are looking for a wilder time, you are walking distance to Aria and Cosmo.  I loved this hotel and would definitely stay here again.
Lovely, elegant, and quiet (no casino noise!), the Vdara is an all-suite hotel with a wonderful little kitchenette (one-burner conduction cooktop, convection/microwave, fridge, sink) and a bathroom that makes bathing worth doing even when you are clean already. You won't believe the huge soaking tub. A separate shower is large enough for two people, if they like each other. Great, comfy bed. Flatscreen TV is a bit small, but who goes to Las Vegas to watch television? The free wi-fi was excellent. I loved this place, and will definitely consider staying here again.
I stayed here for a week and it was wonderful.  The convention that I went to Vegas for was next door at the Bellagio.  I had stayed in the Bellagio for the same convention a couple of years ago and was stuck in some faraway wing that I think was further than walking across the connector from Vdara to the Convention area at the Bellagio.  It was actually a joy to NOT be staying in a smoke-filled, noisy casino.  I could walk a few minutes and go to Bellagio, Aria, Cosmo if I wanted that scene or just chill in the calm, quiet, fresh and cool room with a view at the Vdara.   It was cheaper, too!  While my friends were all waiting in a huge line at Bellagio to get a ride to the airport, I was able to just walk outside the Vdara and immediately jump into a cab.  Oh, beware... the cab drivers are often crooks... It shouldn't cost much more than $20 to get to the airport.  I told the guy I knew the best way so don't mess around and it cost me $15 with no traffic.  . . Loved the completeness of their housekeeping crew.  Wow!  My room was put back together and then some so that when I returned from a day out, I was welcomed by a fresh room, with all the tiny details put back into place... they wrap the dryer cord around the handle and put it back in the drawer, straighten out any magazines you've looked at, put any cosmetics you have lying about haphazardly all in a row on a small towel on the counter, hang up stuff in the bathroom (I had a shower cap and nightshirt thrown on the tub), line up my extra shoes that I had all over the room, etc.  . . The bathtub was fabulous.  I read a book and had a glass of wine (large ledge around tub) in there one night.  So huge, the water runs fast so fills up in no time, and is hot so you can keep the temperature where you want it very easily.  There are dimmer switches on many of the lights in the room.  The shades and blinds are on switches by the door.  . . Very "green" hotel.  Turn-down service- I only had twice but was surprised that they freshened up the room, gave me two new bottles of water along with a glass on each nightstand, put down a little mat next to the bed on both sides with slippers on it, left a sweet treat, and put away the decorative cover and pillow on the bed.  Quite a surprise.  . . The only bummer things were that I couldn't find a plug near the bed to charge my phone, which is what I use as an alarm clock.  Poolside food service was slow, slow, slow.  I couldn't believe how bad they were!  I actually couldn't stand waiting any longer so got up and had them box my lunch "to go" when it finally came out.  They couldn't even get drinks to people...I'm talking WATER, etc.
My stay at the Vdara was amazing from beginning to end.. . My bf and I stayed here over Labor Day and booked through Hotwire.com for about $150/night (5 star hotel - Strip South).  . . Check-in was a breeze...Maria at the front desk was super sweet and she definitely accommodated us.  We got a room overlooking the pool and City Center which was amazing at night because of all the lights.  Upon entering the room we were really surprised of how big, modern and nice the rooms were.  There was a small kitchenette as you enter with a small dining table.  I loved how one wall was just windows.  There is a nice living area with a good size sofa and table.. . The bathroom was really nice with a soaking tub, stand up shower (good water pressure, however no more Aveda products) and plenty of counter space.  The bed was super comfy and I really liked the pillows and mattress.  . . Every person who works at the Vdara was extremely helpful, housekeeping was quick when asking for slippers and towels.. . I'm not a gambler nor a smoker, so I liked the fact that Vdara did not have either. We chilled at the pool on Sunday...they had a DJ set up and the waitresses were really attentive and quick.  All the chairs had umbrellas to help with the hot hot heat of Vegas.. . I loved the location of this hotel...just a quick walk over to the Cosmopolitan and Bellagio (my two favorite hotels).  Also, they have a tram to get around City Center.. . I highly recommend this hotel because service is really what I appreciated.  Everyone from the valet guys, front desk, cafe staff etc., were really nice and helpful.  I will definitely be staying here again!
I had a great stay at the Vdara.  I was there for my 50th Birthday with my sisters in law and one of them recommended the hotel.  I had booked a few months early, so the rates were really good (went through their website). So, I was able to get a Corner Suite.  Let me tell you, the view was amazing!  I had a view of the fabulous Bellagio fountains on one end of my view and the rest of the city on the other.  The room was like a one bedroom apartment.  Clean and sleek in decor. The bed was amazingly comfy (and with  enough pillows).  The water pressure in the shower was perfect (the water was always hot).  The only thing about the bathroom I'd change is the lighting. Not used to the lower lighting in a bathroom, but maybe that's me.. . We got there early and the VERY helpful front desk was able to get us in to a room as early as 1pm. Not as early as we liked, but with as many people that were checking in, it was just enough time for us to have a bite to eat and explore the area.  The Bell desk was happy to hold our bags until it was time to head to our room.  He met me there just as soon as I walked in the room.  Talk about speedy service!  The hotel was able to accomodate our late check out, as well (two hours longer does make a difference, when you're in Vegas).. . I loved the scent of the lobby.  They pipe a certain fragrance through the AC (we believe) that's fresh and exotic (not too obnoxious).  The Aria Gift shop has some of the scent sticks, but alas, not the ones for Vdara.. . The only Con I have is with the Marketplace Cafe.  Yes, they move people through the line quickly.  However, it's such a small area, it clogs quickly and you're waiting for certain things a while, since it has to come from another kitchen.  The last day I was waiting for a Bagel with Salmon and cream cheese: 20 min later (even though they told me it would be 10) I asked where my food was.  Turns out no one one told the food runner!  Food is ok, just not worth $7 for a Sausage Egg bfast sandwich.  Service was also slow at the pool restaurant/lounge area.  I think it was just that there was only one person for the entire area.  The other Con was the WiFi, just horrible.  Wasn't sure if it was the location of my room or my carrier or act of God.  Didn't bring a laptop to plug in, so I couldn't compare the difference. The Wifi was just slow (even for texting).. . After all of that, I'd definitely stay there again!  My husband would love it there as well.
Loved our stylish room & would stay here again.
Hotel was amazing. We had two suites booked and the suites were absolutely beautiful. Very comfortable beds and all amenities. Amazing massage by Chad at the hotel spa. Hotel is located in middle the strip so everything is easy to get to.
Over the past year I've stayed at Aria and Palazzo around 15 times for leisure and more than half of those experiences were challenging..... . Que Vdara for my Bday Weekend.. . Check in was a breeze took less then 3 minutes I got my request, High floor, Lake view and off to the suite I went.. . The non smoking, spotless, modernistic, fashion-forward, high quality, upscale environment was what I wanted from a Vegas experience for a long time and I finally found it.. . The suite was spotless, fresh and felt brand new. The bathtub gorgeous...My only wish would be jets for the tub.. . The pool area was really nice...I was curious about it having a view from aria into Vdara so many times and was surprised. Really high quality guests, quiet and clean area and had a good time.. . I gamble sometimes and frankly dont care if the casino is in the lobby or not Aria was 50 steps away and Bellagio is connected inside Vdara.. . Net Net I didnt have a single challenge for the staff.... . I'll be back shortly.
*sigh* The Vdara. My husband and I came here as part of our honeymoon road trip. This was THE BEST place we stayed (and we stayed at some nice places throughout our journey). The hotel staff were unbelievably nice, helpful, and welcoming. The hotel room itself was clean, quiet, super comfortable, modern, and didn't smell like a smokey Vegas hotel. So what it doesn't have a casino-- you're a short walk away from oneof the best in town (the Bellagio) and you don't even have to go outside to get there.. . We WILL be back-- mark my words.
Great hotel, I be back for sure.. . Rooms are modern and extremely comfortable. Marketplace in the lobby is perfect for a quick breakfast. Small pool means that its easy to relax without the masses of people at the larger hotels.. . Its a little bit of a walk if you like to explore the strip, but not too bad. You just have to walk through Aria's casino and Crystals every time you go anywhere. The quieter stay makes it worth it my opinion.
GREAT rooms with all the amenities you could ever ask for in a hotel suite. I've only stayed here for work, but would totally recommend this place for people who like to stay on the strip and still feel like you're at home...only more modern, fancier and with a better view! I love the layout of the rooms, which make them seem so much bigger than they really are. The views are amazing!
I bought a vacation package through Virgin America which gave me a slight discount on staying here.  I love this place.  When I first walked in I was so happy.  No smell of smoke! Woohoo!  Staff was very helpful and nice (well, they have to be) and I had no problem getting into my room.  Room itself...spacious, clean, quiet, and damn what a view.  I had the view of the backside of the hotel and freeway but still one damn nice view it was. Bed was the most comfortable bed I've slept in in a looooong time.  And the bathroom...love.  HUGE tub to take a bubble bath (which I did..SCORE!) and a nice shower.  PLUS, enough space for two girls to get ready in the bathroom comfortably. LOL.  . . So few things...no real restaurants here but they have a bar, a place to get food a la carte, and room service.  Not bad to me.  I tried foods in all areas and was very surprised that food was pretty good.  The bar had amazing drinks as well.  It can get crowded and busy since there's only one bar in the hotel (besides the pool) which is understandable.  But every drink that I had there was delightful and refreshing.  Brandie is your girl to go to...(check my review for Bar Vdara).. . The pool isn't ginormous but it's a good size.  Not very deep (which I like since I can't swim) but like the hotel itself it was a very "chill" crowd.  Don't expect a party scene here.  Some families were there but they were in certain areas of the pool which didn't bother my time there at all.  . . I even had time to go to the Spa which I wished I had more time to go to next time I come.  It's immaculate and has everything you need.  Get a massage and treat yourself if you can here.  It's well worth it in my opinion.. . This is my first time staying here and would LOVE to come here again and again.  I don't gamble and don't really smoke so this place was just right for me.  If you did want that "vegas nightlife" it's only but a short walk to Bellagio (there's a walkway), Aria, etc.  It's a very good central location in my mind with all the perks of a nice hotel I need.
I travel 30-45 days out of the year and the Vdara is now one of my favorite hotels!. . My wife and I are not gamblers and I don't like smoke. So I decided to give the Vdara a try on a recent trip to Sin City. For me, the most important part of a hotel is the room. We had the cheapest room at the Vdara which was a king suite with a small kitchenette and four-piece bathroom. We had a nice view of the Rio and the mountains in the distance. The room was so comfortable that my parents and in-laws ended up hanging out in our room for hours chatting.. . We only spent one day at the pool which I guess is small compared to the mega resorts like the Aria next door. We enjoyed the more intimate scene. I didn't try the pool side lounge or food but I saw lots of people taking advantage of the service.. . We also enjoyed the Market Cafe in the lobby. It had one of the best breakfasts (although the coffee was a little disappointing). There were plenty of restaurants in the Aria, Bellagio, Monte Carlo and Crystals, all of which can be reached by tram or short walks.
We loved our 4 night stay during the first week of October. My husband and I booked the basic deluxe suite and was upgraded to a panoramic suite on the 48th floor when I told  the desk clerk it was our anniversary :P The clerk informed us he was able to upgrade us so much because our stay didn't consist of the whole weekend. When we got to our room, we thought, "JACKPOT!" The place was really nice - like a really modern pad in The City (San Francisco, CA). We had windows spanning 270 degrees of our room. Our bedroom view was of the Rio and Canyon and from the bathroom, we had partial view of the Bellagio fountains and strip.. . The panoramic suite is basically a very pimped up condo. It's very spacious at about 800 sq ft., comes with a full-sized stainless steel refrigerator, dishwasher, 4-burner stovetop and our very own washer and dryer! Talk about fully loaded! You have to ask for pots, pans, cooking utensils, knives, etc though. The rooms have sliding frosted doors separating the bedroom from living room so you can easily have privacy with people in the bedroom and living room (pull-out bed). . . The pool is very small and unimpressive including the wait staff there. I don't hang out at the pool much so it wasn't a big deal for me. Outside of the room, there isn't much else to Vdara but that's ok because there's a short connecting bridge to the Bellagio. Good location and reasonably price for center of the strip area (technically in the City Center but very short walk to strip by going through the Bellagio). Highly recommended!. . Just an FYI, parking is valet only and there is a $25 daily resort fee which is standard at almost all of the 4* - 5* hotels on she strip. This includes wi-fi, business center, gym usage, etc.
This was my first time staying here. Please read m review below.. . Cons: only accepts credit card or cash for security deposit. Does not accept debit cards. Since I like to travel using only my debit card, this was a drag for me to pull on $300 cash to put on hold for the rest of my stay. This hotel does NOT have a casino, so walking a bit further is required if you want to do a little late night gambling. . . Pros: this hotel is breath taking. Since it was my first time at the city center, everything was so classy, big and modern about this hotel. The number one pro: cleanliness of the room! It smelled so good. Since these hotel rooms were originally to be sold as condos and not as a hotel, you totally scored on having a huge room while paying at hotel price!! The room is literally a little living space. for the cheapest room, it comes with a tiny kitchen, dining area,  washer and dryer, full closet, huge bathroom and a tv. The technology was amazing as well. The black out curtains with a touch of a button on a remote control was much needed for the next morning. The touch buttons near the front door to indicate maid service or not (as opposed to the traditional tags you hang on the door knob). The flat screen tv mounted on the wall was excellent as well. The modern design was breath taking. The doors to the bathroom was double French doors with frosted glass that are made from expensive wood. Seems like all the furnishings were top notch quality. Since this hotel dos NOT have a casino, you get a a very quiet nights sleep. . . Conclusion: they have a washer and dryer in the cheapest room. This completely sold me and I cannot "go back" to any other hotel but this. By far, the most beautiful/awesome hotel I have ever stayed in.
Stayed here with the family.  Asked for a high floor room and the receptionist upgraded us to an Executive Suite for no additional charge!  This room was incredible, separate Master BR, Master Bath, Powder Room, Living Room, Dining Area, Kitchen, and even a small Laundry Closet.  Automatic shades gave us a dramatic view of the city unfolding as they rose.  Brand new, modern, and tastefully decorated.  Staff was very accommodating.  Kids slept on pull out sofa.  I complained to the Linens person that the sofa mattress seemed uncomfortable.  They sent up a full size down feather bed, two sets of sheets and two pillows.  The kids loved it.  Our bed was very comfortable.  Room had (2) 52" LCD TV's.  Master Bath had a deep soaking tub with crazy views of Vegas.  We got a great deal on Priceline the night before we came.  I highly recommend!!  Also the location is great, right off the South Strip.
It may not have a casino here but only within 3 min walking distance you can either hit up the Cosmo Hotel and Aria for your gaming needs.. . This place is super cute and cozy. The rooms are suite style rooms with separate bedroom, bathroom, kitchen etc. It has all the amenities you need and you feel as though you are staying in a home rather than hotel. There were about 8 of us in this suite and our friends had another one the next hall over that had 7 of them. We all slept comfortably and it wasn't too crowded.. . I would definitely stay here again!. . Total spent $free.99
Couldn't have asked for a better hotel to stay in. Short walk to the Bellagio put you right into the casino, or a short walk across the front entrance put you right in the Aria casino.  Rooms were beautiful with amazing views.  Cleanliness of the room was amazing at times.  Will most definately stay here the next time i visit
I came in with high expectations and they were met! Granted, it's only 3 years old, but the property is still impeccable! We checked in on the Tuesday before Thanksgiving close to 10 pm and there was no line. I never saw the line more than 10 or 12 people as we walked through the lobby.. . The room itself was very nice. Bathroom is extremely clean (which is my biggest marker of a clean hotel room!). There's a microwave, a hot plate, and a mini fridge. Layout is nice. Having a place to sit and watch at tv outside of the bed is really nice! Bed was very comfortable as were the pillows.. . We booked a lake view room and on the 34th floor had a great view of the Bellagio fountains. I was extremely pleased with our view!. . Bathroom is gorgeous. I'd be happy to model my dream bathroom like that.. . Room was extremely quiet. We were right around the corner from the elevator and I didn't hear a single person or the elevators. Elevators were fast and quiet.. . Being 6 months pregnant, I was happy to find a place that was 100% smoke free and there was no casino. There was quick access to Bellagio and the tram to Crystals and Monte Carlo which made going to the south end of the strip a breeze!. . Drawbacks: "blackout" curtains leave some gap and lets some light in during the morning hours. No sit down restaurant or buffet. The food at the "market" was just ok.. . We'd happily stay here again and definitely have a view of the fountains again. It was a great stay!
Excellent place.  Clean, quite, great place to get away from the hectic strip...which of course if fun as well.  Two flat screens in the suite...oh, forgot to mention all rooms are suites.  Really a classy place.  I would stay here again.  You can walk to the Aria within 2 minutes and the Cosmo with 5 [max].  They have a tram that goes to monte carlo and you can walk to the Bellagio within a couple minutes....so it's a great central location.
This might just be a factor of the slow time of year, but the room I was given was awesomely large and clean with a postcard view from the 48th floor. I really liked this place, not a typical Vegas hotel, but I didn't miss the casino floor, the smoking, the 'toots, or any of the other mainstays of that city. Nice store downstairs with reasonably priced food and helpful service. Gym was well-equipped and the pool was relaxing. Will definitely go back as long as the prices stay down.. . They did a great job with this one, not so much with the Aria next door, which appears to be starting it's meth fueled journey into madness a few years early.
Very elegant and modern hotel. We arrived to the hotel around 12:30 PM on Thursday and there was no wait to check in. I was able to request my room with a view of the Bellagio fountains but had to wait until 3pm for it to be ready. They try to hold $500 from you on top of $140 in resort fees in case you charge the room.. . The smallest suite is still a great size room. Bed is comfy, bathroom is very spacious with a huge bathtub. There's no casino and the fact that it was non-smoking made it that much better. I will recommend and stay again!!
This is the place to stay in Las Vegas 5 star clean great service NO SMOKING the only draw back is it is a little walk to the strip.
My husband and I chose Vdara to celebrate our 5th wedding anniversary. We were not disappointed! What a treat...the hotel was wonderful! Conor helped us check in, and after requesting an upgrade and mentioning our anniversary (and giving Conor a nice tip), we were off to our room with a view of the Bellagio fountains (with no extra charge!).  The room was great...very spacious, elegant and modern, and the bed was so comfortable! Conor  even called later and left a message to make sure we were satisfied...great customer service! My only complaint about the room was the construction going on outside right below us. We were on the 23rd floor and I was surprised how much noise came through the windows, starting very early in the morning, and all night sometimes. Otherwise, I did not hear any other noise in our room which was great. I really enjoyed that Vdara is smoke-free and non-gaming.  It was so nice to come "home" after a long day/night out, and not have to navigate a huge, loud, smoky casino to reach our room. And the lobby smells amazing! We had the $75 resort credit which was perfect for coffee for 3 days, snacks, waters and beers here and there.  We didn't even use the whole credit.  Housekeeping was very friendly and did a very nice job making up our room while we were out. It was cool to come back to the room and find our bathroom items neatly organized...cute little touch. I thought Vdara was in an excellent location, and the walk through the Bellagio to reach the Strip was quick and pleasant. My husband and I had a wonderful anniversary at Vdara, and agree this will be our new go-to hotel when we visit Vegas. Hip, modern, swanky, excellent service...we can't wait to come back (next time, we'll try the spa!)!  Thank you, Vdara!!!
I LOVE this hotel.. It's home away from home! . The rooms are spacious even if u get the regular room! Which is a (+) anywhere in vegas! . The service is great!
December 13 - 16th, 2012.  Very comfortable, modern hotel. Great restaurant choices within walking distance.  Excellent spa.  Would definitely return.
It was exactly what I needed and wanted in a resort in Vegas for this particular trip. This trip, I was pregnant. Thus, I wanted a place on the strip, but without cigarette smoke or a casino.  This delivered. The amenities were lovely. Nice linens, a pleasant, modern style, a mini kitchen, so you can reheat and store leftovers (which was ideal for us).  We got room service as we had a food credit there, and it was quite good.  Chicken tenders that were crisp and flavorful, and onion soup that I suppose could have been a touch less salty, but it was tasty and hot.  Our room had two flatscreen tvs, in a fairly small space, and a nice view, which was a partial view of the Bellagio fountains.  . . The Vdara is connected to the Aria and Bellagio, so for most of our activities, we didn't even have to step foot on the strip, unless we wanted to. I'm a fan of that as well. The lobby was very mellow and quiet, and because there are no major activities there, you get an instant sense of calm when you walk in. That's just not the norm for Vegas, and it's quite comforting.  . . If I come in for another non-work week or weekend, I will definitely stay here again.
Love that this place is not on the strip and is NO SMOKING! There are no freaky hookers running around, no party people, and no casino!. A great place for a base to visit las vegas. Love the free valet parking (you do tip though), and that is walking distance to The Cosmopolitan, Aria and Bellagio. The rooms are contemporary and super hip. I stayed in a fountain view suite. Glad the room had a divider as apposed to the lower level rooms. I didn't really care that there is no coffee maker or robes. BTW, I like the smell of the place too, and the fact that it has a bar downstairs for a night cap! Will stay here next time for sure!
LOVE the room! Outside looks nice too.
Stayed here in March, asked for a upgrade to a fountain view, the view at night was unreal. Although it was easy to get to the Bellagio and the Aria, walking  to the Cosmopolitan was a maze.
Very nice hotel. Awesome view from our room on the 50th floor. Rooms are spacious with a large bathroom that has a separate soaking bathtub. There is no casino which makes it quiet at night and no gross cigarette smell. There is a convenient train that will take you to the Crystals or the Monte Carlo for free. Good location on the strip.  The elevators are fast and will need to pop your ears around the 30th floor. Drinks are cheaper at the little convenience store thanat the bar.
Vdara is located in the new City Center of Vegas and it is a hidden gem.  Located at the back of the city center Vdara does not have a casino.  Since Vdara doesnt have a casino you can stay in their absolutely beautiful suites for less than Aria or Cosmopolitan.  The suites have floor to ceiling windows with electric powered shades/drapes, a kichten, dining table and living room area.  One of the coolest features is the studio like design of the suite.  The Bed is seperated by a wall housing a flat screen and drawers etc.  The wall is open on both ends so it doesnt close in the room. On the opposite side of the wall is your sofa, chairs, coffee table and another flat screen tv!  Vdara has been our favorite place to stay in Vegas for our last several trips. Although we are testing out Monte Carlo and Aria next month :)
Yes, the rare 5 star rating.  I can't find anything to complain about.  The room was very comfortable and roomy, with a Bellagio fountain view to boot.  I actually like that there is no casino, less walking and traffic.  Never had to wait in a taxi line, easily walked (although through the parking garage)  to the Cosmo and Aria.  The bar downstairs is a little expensive, but the bartenders are cool and its easy access.  The club sandwich wasn't bad.  Nothing overly fancy here, but comfortable and a good value for your money.
I loved Vdara, and I've stayed in at least 4 other "luxury" hotels in Vegas. The cleanliness is impeccable, the service was fantastic, and the location in the center of the strip was so convenient for those wanting to walk. The suite room had a spacious living area and how cool to finally have a kitchenette in a Vegas room! They thought out all details for those wanting to cook in their room, including selling natural/organic microwave-friendly packaged foods plus cheese, crackers, and sausages in the cafe. Loved not having to walk through smoke and drunks to get to our room as there's no casino...but Aria is next door for those wanting a gambling fix. . The only downer was the WiFi signal never seemed to be strong so I was on 3G all weekend.
Since my first stay in April of 2012, the Vdara has been my go-to hotel when visiting Las Vegas.. . The two bedroom penthouse suite was the room that first introduced me to what the Vdara was all about. Booking a penthouse automatically gets you limo service to and from the local airports as well as a few spa passes!. . Since my first weekend staying at the Vdara, I have has the good fortune of staying in their two story penthouses, hospitality suites, and panoramic suites. Although the rooms will naturally vary in size, the modern decor and upscale feel of the rooms are all the same.. . The agents at the front desk are all very polite and helpful! This attitude is also mirrored by every other staff member that I've encountered at the Vdara. . . After a night of partying, it is nice to come back to a non-smoking, non-gambling hotel. . . I've had nothing less than an excellent experience every time I have stayed here and I do plan on coming back very soon!
The receptionists were super friendly! I knew by their smiles I was going to have a great stay. I was right :-). . My bf and I absolutely love spontaneous Vegas trips. We live 6 hours away, so it's close enough to randomly drive there, but far enough to be tired from the drive. We were greeted by a warm and engaging receptionist. He asked what brought us to LV and we said, "Oh, it's our just-cause-trip." He responded with, "I love that." And continued with, "Cause of that, I have something special for you two." He upgraded us to a breathtaking suite! The room was amazing: spacious, modern, beautiful view. It was like a mini apartment! I was so sad when we had to leave. That random trip gives me random smiles every time I step inside Vdara. They made my stay memorable :-) I can't wait to be back!
No casino?  WIN. Free valet parking?  WIN. All rooms are suites?  Clean?  Modern?  Luxurious?  Electric curtains?  Futuristic hallways?  Sweet spa for my wife?  Did I miss anything?. . The only dislikes were the slow car retrieval, weak wireless network and lack of tea and coffee in the basic suite.  All that probably takes away just 0.2 star.  Very nice place to stay AND it's cheaper than Aria's non-suites,  That is especially true with the show package.
With over 15 years of visiting and staying in Las Vegas hotels, Vdara is without a doubt the best experience in the city.. . The modern style, great views, non-gaming, nonsmoking, and kitchens in each suite are huge positives, as is easy access to the strip.  These reasons alone make for a great stay but the staff take it to another level ensuring you have everything you need/want with genuine smiles.  The market on the first floor has great snacks to be enjoyed up in the room, as well as prepared foods that are very tasty and reasonably priced.. . We have stayed at Vdara over a half a dozen times the last couple of years and no where else compares.
I wish I could live at Vdara! This hotel is super chic and clean! I love that it's smoke-free and has no casino. The staff, especially the front desk gives exceptional service. I work in the customer service industry and I wish whoever teaches the Vdara staff would come to my work and teach us a thing or two about customer service! . The rooms are not your typical Vegas resort style rooms, it's not huge, but it's comfortable. I stay in hotels weekly for work, but wouldnt dare take a bath in any of the bathtubs (I stay at Hilton and Sheratons)but the tub at Vdara was spotless! . Will definitely be staying here again.
Vdara was a dream come true. The service was excellent, and the hotel itself was cozy, unlike so many of the massive properties onthe strip. . . The photos online make the Vdara look modern in what seemed like a cold way, but the rooms and lobby were surprisingly inviting. Also, the tub was magical! It was the msot comfortable tub I have ever been in. We had a room pretty high up, and we had a very nice view of the Bellagio fountains, which was so romantic and lovely. While the rooms were not as large and impressive as, say, those of the Venetian, I would rather stay in the Vdara.. . Note: Don't let Google Maps fool you. It's not as far off the Strip as it looks. There is a covered walkway that connects the Vdara to the Bellagio; it takes maybe two minutes at most to get from one to the other. The Vdara's location was extremely convenient as it is located basically in the middle of the Strip.. . I would definitely stay here again. In fact, I'm rather hesitant to try new properties because I like the Vdara so much.
I could not recommend a hotel more.  If I lived in a city this is the apartment I would want.  Compact, stylish kitchen dining room area which leads to a small sitting room.  On other side of sitting room is the clean and comfortable bedroom.  The bathroom is wonderful with a large soaking tub, separate shower and great design.  What makes this hotel even better however is that it has not Casino and is a non smoking hotel.  Next door to Aria and the Cosmopolitan you are in the heart of City Center.
I loved the Vdara. What I love most about this hotel is that it's a smoke free facility! There's nothing I hate more than the smell of cigarettes so thank you for protecting my pink lungs. It's definitely a sweet treat and a break from all the smoke I smell everywhere else.. I forget the name of the suite that I stayed in but it was spacious and I was provided with nice views, kind of. Hmm, the front desk was attentive and they delivered per request. Aria and other hotels are conveniently just some hundred steps away if you want/need to fulfill your gambling needs. . I know that the rooms are equipped with full kitchens and they will deliver you cooking utensils if needed so for those that want to stay in or cook ethnic foods that can't be found on the strip, you got lucky! It's so nice that they are willing to accommodate to that.. The beds were super comfortable and I wish I could seriously live in one of the suites. Robes & slippers will be provided so make sure to take advantage of little luxuries and make yourself comfortable!. . I'd def love to stay here again.
I recently travelled to Las Vegas for a large convention that was held at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.   The Cosmopolitan is huge, busy and noisy, like most Vegas hotels, so I booked my room at the Vdara which is located right next door in City Center.  That was the best decision of the trip.  While I enjoyed the entire experience of Las Vegas it was wonderful to return to this lovely hotel at the end of the day.  The Vdara is an all suite, no gambling, no smoking hotel.  It is modern and serene, more like a NYC hotel than a Vegas hotel.  It also has a cool bar and great marketplace with fresh foods for dine in or take out in the lobby.  I did not eat at the hotel restaurant or go for spa services but their gym is very nice and well-equipped.  We booked a two room suite for two people which worked well and would be comfortable for up to four people. Not only did it have a very comfortable bedroom and living room with surprisingly comfortable pull out couch but it had a HUGE ultra modern bathroom with glass shower stall, soaking tub and double sink.  There was also a half bath and full kitchen equipped with stainless appliances, full size fridge, mini dishwasher and stove top. There was also a washer/dryer in the room.   The best part is the central location.  The Vdara is connected to the Aria and the Bellagio and a very short walk to the Cosmopolitan.  We actually had a shorter walk to the conference facilities at the Cosmopolitan than our friends who stayed at the Cosmopolitan because that hotel is so enormous.  I would definitely stay at this hotel again and recommend it to any friends who would like an oasis in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas.
Stayed here in Jan 2013 and it will be my new "go to" hotel in Las Vegas.  . . VERY close to Cosmo and Aria as well as Monte Carlo and Bellagio.  I was worried about where it is situated, but I shouldn't have been.  . . No smoking and no casino BUT you are right next door to Cosmo, Bellagio and Aria.  Literally less than 5 minute walk.  I love that I can play in Aria and Cosmo and escape the craziness (Cosmo is freaking insane) back to my quiet plush hotel.  . . Can't wait to go back.
How to I put this bluntly: I LOVED IT!. . First things first about the Vdara Hotel and Spa - (a) there's no smoking and (b) there's no gambling inside the establishment, gwhich is absolute bliss after frolicking throughout the rest of the city.  We stayed three days and two nights and because we had a few different rooms, we were able to see the variety that Vdara possesses.  Each room has an amazing view of the cityscape and the lovely ladies and gentlemen who work there are absolute dolls- helping us with each and every little question we had.. . The Vdara is perfectly placed near the other hotels in case you get the urge to gamble, club it up or soak up some Vegas sun.  I'll definitely be coming back here, en masse!
A no casino hotel in the middle of the surrounding chaos? Yes, it exists and it is called the Vdara. The access by car can bit a bit confusing on the first couple of rounds but once you get used to the spaghetti of CityCenter it is not a problem. Tram service is available from the Bellagio to Crystals Shopping Center to the Monte Carlo. With the Bellagio and Aria a quick walk to either side of the Vdara.. . Staying at the Exclusive Resorts rooms we had a problem with a washing machine and when facilities was called to the room (very quickly in fact) I did not have much hope of a fix during our stay. To the contrary, the person who came not only found the solution to the issue we were having but also fixed other things that were wrong with the washer that we did not even notice. Wow! It is so rare to see anyone go the extra mile anymore and I consider this experience to go well beyond any expectation I could have imagined. Maybe we were lucky, but then again, maybe this is their standard. All I can say is keep up the outstanding work!
Stayed here a couple years ago and I can't wait to return.  This is my kind of hotel, it does not have a casino but is connected to the Bellagio.  Stay away from that place by the way if you value your money.  I loved being able to get away from the madness of the casinos and escape away to a beautiful hotel room.  Speaking of the room, its gorgeous, and its not just a room.  They are condo's, and I do believe the hotel offers residencies.  Its that amazing, the rooms have everything, bedroom, walk in shower that fits two, three, and more.  Unfortunately was not able to test the capacity on my first visit.  Kitchen and dining area, and I believe they offer pots and pans so you can cook your meals.  Amazing view from almost every room in the hotel as well.  . . This place was famous almost immediately after it was built.  I read about the "death ray", that's what the staff calls the effect of the reflection of the sun off off the hotel that beams down into the pool area. This ray becomes so hot that the metal on the chairs becomes hot to the touch.  I wanted no parts of that, and luckily I was not visiting during the summer, so there was no need to dodge the "death ray".  Great hotel, I dream and compare it every time I'm stuck checking into anything that's not the Vdara!
Loved our panoramic suite! Great service, loved the fact that we could enjoy the Vegas casinos and then escape to our smoke free, casino free retreat! We will be back!
A non smoking, no casino hotel ON the strip? omg, I'm in love, instantly!. . Vdara is a great boutique hotel. It's on the strip, in the CityCenter plaza. No smoking, no gambling.. PERFECT (for me). The decor doesn't scream Cosmo (trying too hard) and it's plenty lush, even for the cheapest "room" suite. All rooms are apartment style suites, like Cosmo & Aria. Hotel staff, housekeeping and bell service are all great, and the room rates are very affordable for the luxury you get. You can pay upwards to 2-3 times for Caesar's or Venetian and get crappy old small rooms with an old projector style TV, smelly AC if it functions at all, and tiny bathrooms. . . I got the VDara Suite for the weekend and it was freaking huge. It was pretty much a 1 bedroom apartment with a queen sofa bed (which I hear was very uncomfortable). The bed was VERY comfortable, down topped with very soft sheets, bath linens weren't the softest but they weren't rough either.. freestanding tub, two 42" wall mounted flat panel TV's, blah blah blah, you can read about it on their website. Bathrobes provided were very comfortable & soft, and the storage available is immense.. seriously, so much closet space. . . Quick thing, if you're needing a hair/blow dryer, it's in the main bathroom, under the sink.. the drawers don't have knobs or pulls, so just look carefully for a hidden drawer. Lol... We couldn't find ours until housekeeping showed us. . . I will definitely be staying here again on my future visits.
At first I had booked the simple room at the bellagio hotel and casino, but then my friend was booking her's at Vdara because she said that you could get a suite for the sameprice as a room in the Bellagio. So i looked at it and I paid a little bit more to get a Panoramic suite at Vdara! When we walked in, everything went smoothly at check in and we went upstairs to the room. The moment we walked it, it was breathtakingly beautiful, especially the view at night! It had a long narrow hallway that led to the kitchen, which had a refrigerator (with filtered water tap and ice!), stove, and microwave along with a four seating dining area. Behind that we had a living room that had a huge plasma screen tv with a couch, that supposedly was a pull out bed but we never used that function. Next the the kitchen was a really nice bathroom with two sinks, closet, a glass standing shower, and spa like tub! The one weird part about the bathroom was that there was a little section for the toilet, but there was no door to the toilet so you would have to lock the door to the entire bathroom and the second door that lead to the bedroom. Opposite the bathroom was the bedroom, which also had a plasma tv and really comfy king sized bed! It was so comfy that we found ourselves having trouble getting out of bed to go exploring!. . Room service was pretty great, they would come in and set the table for you when you order a meal, no matter what it was. And they brought up flowers, which was really nice. . . My friend rented a car so there was free valet parking, which was pretty nice. . . The best thing about this hotel was discovered after we walked around the strip and walked through other hotels and their casinos. Vdara is SMOKE FREE! Coming from Chicago, I didn't realize that Las Vegas allowed people to smoke indoors. It was kind of horrifying to see that there were a decent amount of little children around and to allow smoking indoors at other casinos where they don't seem to have the best ventilation, I have to say I was thankful that I did not stay at any other hotel. I remember I was at the bellagio in the casino area for about 2 hours and my dress reeked of smoke! I was so disgusted I went back and took a shower right away at my nice hotel. . . Also my favorite part about the panoramic suite was waking up to an amazing sunrise, it was so beautiful. I was speechless.. . It also has a little market downstairs in the lobby with some desserts. The only thing we bought there was some vanilla yogurt soft serve, we did most of our shopping at the walgreens that was on the strip. It was really a great location because it was near some other really great hotels that you could do stuff at.
I'd give it a 6 if I could, We booked the Vdara Suite, which has a bedroom, kitchen and living room. They upgraded us to an Executive Corner suite, sweet! The room had a KILLER view of the Bellagio fountain right from the room! WE could see so much cool stuff! the room overall was fantastic with a nice size bedroom, killer master bath, large living room, dining room and walk in kitchen. it also had a smaller 2nd half bathroom in the living room, great room! The hotel itself was also very nice. it was a non smoking, non gaming casino which made it perfect for our family! It was located right next to The Cosmopolitan and right across from Planet Hollywood and Aria so tons of good casinos right there. The pool area was great, as was the cafe downstairs. All in all, a great hotel. I'll stay there every time I'm in Vegas.
If you're heading off to vegas with a group of four or more, I highly recommend you stay at one of vdara's amazing suites! Located in city center next to the cosmopolitan and aria, vdara aims to please. We stayed in the corner hospitality suite about 50th floor with panoramic view of the strip. The windows covered the entire perimeter of the suite into every room. We had 2 bedrooms with kings, sleeper sofa, 2.5 baths with stand up shower and jacuzz tubs, full kitchen, and flat screens. The place was amazing. This was the way to do vegas right and we loved that we could all stay together versus renting two rooms. . . The room service was great. So good we ordered in twice. Butler would come and set up entire table for us. The attention to detail was outstanding. . . Downstairs, the vdara market is great for picking up bottles of champagne, food, and coffee. The best caramel machiattos.. . The pool area was nice but mostly filled with families. Nice relaxing vibe if you want to get away from all the pool party rucuss. But if you do want party, the marquee is right next door in the cosmopolitan.. . Amazing stay! The suite was magical. I will definitely repeat my stay here.
Normally I stay at Bellagio when I am in Vegas.  But I want something different so I booked here.  There was a short line at check in and I got my room key in no time.  The whole place is very hip and chic.  Outside the room, there'sa button that functions like a door bell.  Your room number is on a light up plaque so it helps a lot if you, ahem, get back late at night and had a tiny drink at the club.  . . I am very pleasantly surprised with the room itself.  It has a small kitchen, a small resting place with sofa and plasma TV.  Then you have the bed with its own TV also.  The bathroom is very modern as expected.  Overall, one of my favorite rooms in Vegas.. . The only minor thing for me is I don't see a self park here.  They only have a valet parking.  Maybe because there's no casino here?. . It is a short walk over to Aria and to the main strip.
This isn't 100% my favorite hotel.  I'll go ahead and spoil it, the Cosmopolitan is my favorite.  But there's a reason I give this place 5 stars:  value.  Everytime I look for a hotel for value reasons, the Vdara is always around $90-100 a night.  To me, for the quality of the hotel, it's worth it.. . Now before you book, you have to remember a few things.  This is a NON CASINO hotel.  The Aria is right across the street if you want to gamble and the Bellagio is also connected.  Because of the smaller foot traffic, there's also no club and no fancy  restaurant.  There's just a lounge and a cafe, spa, gym, and pool.  So if you're looking for a resort that has all of that, this is NOT the place.  As mentioned in other reviews, the restaurant here, Silk Road, is closed and is now a meeting space.  Not too terribly surprised since this hotel is somewhat out of the way for the Strip but that's what I wanted when I booked this place.. . The rooms are insanely huge for what you get.  It's I believe just over 600 sq ft (that's almost as big as my first 1bdr apartment) and has a full kitchen and two mini fridges...one stocked with your usual overpriced hotel snacks and the other empty.  You enter in the kitchen and then get into the bedroom itself, which is quite large.  It has a table for 2, a couch with a coffee table, plenty of foot room, and a nice king size bed.  The bathroom itself isn't too bad either, although it seems somewhat narrow.  Still, it's all super fancy.. . I'm extremely simple when it comes to my needs so this hotel just blew my mind.  At the rate I paid, I think I got a very good deal for what I wanted.  I specifically wanted a non-casino, fancy, modern hotel that's quiet and I got it at a good price.  . . The ONLY negative I can think of is that if you self park, you have to park in the Aria garage and hoof it all the way from there to the Vdara.  So if you plan on self-parking, do yourself a favor and just valet.
This hotel was by far the nicest, most price worthy place on the strip! When I pulled up they had complementary valet parking and took my bags right out of my hands so I didn't have to lift a finger. They were welcoming and all the employees seemed to genuinely want to help. . . The quality of the room and it's amenities was absolutely fabulous and the receptionist was always more than helpful! Everyone looked professional. It was not trashy or crowded by drunks at all! The market cafe breakfast was perfect, convenient, and well priced! The fact that the hotel requires a room key to get to the elevators was very comforting since we all know some people in Vegas can get weird. I went with 4 other girls, all of which felt the same way about the service and appearance of the hotel. The view was fabulous to top it off too ( we were on a corner unit). The pool was spacious and had plenty of chairs to accommodate people tanning and hanging out. . . . Next time I go to Vegas, there's no doubt I will be booking my room at the Vdara!
I love this hotel.  Stayed here this past weekend for a nice weekend getaway post birthday trip and was not disappointed.  I had heard mixed reviews because "it's so far from the strip" but when I arrived I was so impressed.. . First thing's first: NO CASINO - which means no BS when trying to find the check out counter and the elevator.  The last thing you wanna do after a drunken night or even a long day is try and navigate your way through a casino. . Secondly: there's a nice walkway to The Bellagio (where we ate dinner and watched a show) and a nice path to Aria... . Third: The bed was a BED OF CLOUDS. Loved it.  It took me and the bf both down for afternoon naps. . Fourth: A relaxing and calm vibe.  Nothing crazy or out of control. . The pool was awesome.  We were able to find pool chairs right away (we went at 10:30) and the vibe is just really chill.  I do wish they played louder music but that's the low key party animal in me.  The service at the pool left much to be desired...there weren't enough cocktail waitresses and the drinks took a while - but we just went to the bar.  Food at the pool was so yummy.  Chicken tenders...totally hit the spot.. . The resort fee is a little steep...okay WAY steep...you get wi-fi and 2 little bottles of water...they couldn't just throw in a regular sized bottle?. . Housekeeping was nice.  They folded our clothes we left awry and arranged the bathroom...they did not provide extra shampoos and conditioner..most hotels just leave you another set...which isn't really a complaint..just an observation.. . Overall, I'm definitely staying here again and recommending this place to friends. You never really have to leave City Center for all of your needs.
First time staying at Vdara, and I must say, I was blown away! Vdara is definitely one of the top "secret" and highly underrated hotels here in Vegas. More reason to give five stars, in my book. . . Here are the perks of Vdara: . . -Vdara signature scent. Okay I totally made that up, but in all seriousness, the second you walk into Vdara, you are enveloped with this light but assertive aroma. It's like walking into Abercrombie...but much more pleasant, less intoxicating, and not at all juvenile. Something you can live with and potentially be addicted to. Is it a drug? Wouldn't be surprised. A spray of some sort? Maybe. Either way, I love it I love it I love it. . . -Technology. Maybe I'm completely behind the times, but I was rather impressed with automatic shades, one switch turning off all lights, not one but two flat screen TV's, and convenient TV check-out. Felt like an episode of Real World: Las Vegas. Wait, that's still on MTV, right, or does that totally date me? . . -Bathtub. Like a scene out of a movie when the female protagonists are soaking in a luxe tub after a long day, Vdara's bathtub is a totally deep, elegantly pristine, white resin bathtub. Looked amazing, too bad I didn't get to try it out. . . -Spacious. Vdara is under Aria management; sitting right adjacent to the Aria hotel, Vdara houses the suites and kitchenettes, as opposed to regular hotel rooms at the Aria.  We got a kitchenette suite with a queen bed for four girls. Pretty sure we could have fit at least 15 girls in there. Not questionable or illegal at all. What I mean to say is that it was insanely spacious for a suite with just one bed. Wow. . . -Sanctuary. Vdara is smoke-free, casino-free, restaurant-free, and essentially crazy-free, so if you're looking for a quiet getaway amidst the raging craziness that is Vegas, stay here. I highly suggest it. With just a 1-2 minute walk to Aria, you can get your dose of pools, buffets, nightclubs, and casinos AND retreat to your quiet abode after a crazy night. . . -Free WIFI. But I must note that the WIFI does feel incredibly laggy and slow. But I am all for free WIFI, and some WIFI is still better than no WIFI, so can't really complain. . . Notes: . -Go through HotWire, unless you're up to pay upwards to $400-600+ per night for a room. . -Resort fees are pretty pricey here at $50 a night. No going around this though.. -Valet for hotel guests is free. Just make sure to give your driver a few bucks tip.
Love this place.  Smoke free and casino free.  The room was sooo nice.  Kitchen and dining room.  Closet washer and dryer.  Small living room with flat screen tv.  Nice spacious bathroom.  Very comfy bed!  Bedroom also had a flat screen tv and room for a small desk.  All around auto shades!  Loved the spa!  Such nice and friendly people.  Pool side was awesome too.  Liked being away from the strip for a change.  Totally walkable so it's not bad at all.  Nice that Cosmo was just next door and a bit farther down was Planet Hollywood.
Walked in the hotel, it's definitely a NICE change to be able to walk into a vegas hotel that doesn't have casinos, free of old people cologne, cigarette stench and drunk college kids shouting on top of their lungs. It was a whiff of fresh air quite literally. I'm normally not a fan of dark interiors but even though the place had dark tilings with touches of orange and white, the place felt airy. It had that sophisticated feel to it. I walked in and I felt instantly relaxed (well it was a long drive coming from a 13-hour shift so...). . We had a full suite, we were greeted with chocolates and truffles when we got settled in the room.. It was a sweet start.. lol. 1 bedroom 1 1/2 bathroom a full kitchen, washer & dryer and a litle office space with the strip as a view. if I had an apartment I would want it to look this way.. The format was contemporary mixed with finess. 2 of my favorite combinations. Not gonna lie but I think we had way too much fun playing with the blinds and buttons in the room our first hour.. . The bed itself is soft and comfty, rest assured that you will have a goodnight's sleep (if you plan to sleep anyway) . . the main bathroom was very spacious,  double sinks shower enclosed with glass doors and the tub that had a view.. It's a nice way to end the night. I was ecstatic ( I love nice bathrooms) the guest bathroom was decently sized and can cater to your "basic needs". . Turndown service was a plus it was nice coming back to the hotel with the pillows fluffed linens ready for one to retire the day.. . The only thing about the place though is it is quite a walk from the strip so if you're planning to club and have drinks, be ready to take off your stilettos for the walk back.. . It's my type of place, however it might not be yours.
Incredible! From valet to check in, the service was 5 star. I was in a rush to fax a business contract to a client bya certain time and Kyle at the front desk stepped in and made sure it was taken care of timely. My girlfriend and I spent the day at the pool and the staff was very helpful in making sure we had everything we needed to enjoy the day. We booked spa appt's for our husbands and we didn't hear from them for hours once they stepped foot in the Vdara spa. They were very impressed with every detail from the space itself to all the attentive guest details. In the sauna the staff brought them cold towels and would sprinkle powder on their feet as they were exiting. The massage beds apparently were unlike anything they have ever layed on while getting a massage and the massage itself they rated as the best they ever had. We loved not having to walk through a casino to enjoy a cocktail and with having the Cosmo just feet away, it was perfect for when we wanted to gamble or get something sweet at the pasty shop. We had a wonderful trip. It was very simple and will always book Vdara as our #1 choice for a hotel in Las Vegas.
I absolutely LOVED staying at the Vdara, and will absolutely be back.  . . First off... if you're a smoker or a gambler, this may not be your thing, but for someone like me who doesn't smoke and really couldn't care less about being in a casino... this was AWESOME.  . . We arrived in Vegas at about 10am on a Wednesday and right from the time we arrived in the hotel lobby, things went really, really well.  The person who was helping us with checking in was very friendly, chatty and very personable.  And, she  arranged to get us upgraded to a room that was one level above what we had booked, but because it was so early in the morning our room wasn't ready yet.  No worries - off to the pool!  . . When the room was eventually ready, we were duly impressed.  On the 51st floor and overlooking the Bellagio fountain with a super comfy bed and TVs on both the bed side as well as the living room side of the room... it was perfect.  There were only 2 very minor complaints about the room: one - that the water pressure coming out of the shower was pretty lame (though this was made up for by the fact that the water was HOT within seconds of turning it on); and two - that there weren't robes already provided in the room.  Minor, I know - but I'm a girl who likes to relax in a robe and slippers, and quite frankly, every other hotel I've stayed at on the strip in Vegas has just provided them in the room already.  Not a big deal as you can call down to housekeeping and have some brought up for you, but when you're fresh out of the shower and just want a soft, comfy robe to put on you want it already there in the room.  First world problems.  . . Other REALLY good things about this place were the concierge service people.  They seriously rocked.  Not only did they get our Cirque Du Soleil tickets printed for us and have them ready, but also made a reservation for us at a steak restaurant in a competing hotel that had NO reservations available when we tried to book earlier in the night.  Wifi was free in the rooms, and I was able to pick up signal in both the pool and lobby areas by just logging on with our last name and room number.  I also loved the pool area - there were tons of lounge chairs, umbrellas to put up when it got stupid hot in the sun, and the waitresses were always happy to bring drinks.   The mojitos were fabulous!!  . . In short - I was sad to leave.  I would have stayed for another few days if only I had that much vacation time to take, but alas, as of Saturday night it was back to reality.  . . Thanks to the staff at Vdara - we'll definitely be back!
This hotel is great if you are looking to get away from the madness of Las Vegas. I would recommend it for couples, family's, and elderly people. It is very modern and clean. Rooms are spacious and have huge bathrooms. The location is great also. It is in between the aria, the Cosmo, and the Bellagio. If you can get a room with a view of the Bellagio fountains I found it nice to look at. The pool is very small compared to other hotels in vegas. Also there is not much in the lobby. There is a bar and a caffe which both are grossly over priced. Check in was very easy and they let us check in around 9 am which was great.  The hotel has it's own smell and you can buy vdara air fresheners in the spa. I went with my girlfriend so this place was great for us, but I would not recommend having a bachelor party here.
I loved this place so much! I loved being on the strip, but in a hotel that was no smoking and no casino. Go out to the party, and come back to peace and quiet. When we checked in, the guy at the front desk was friendly and personable and I am pretty sure hooked us up with a better room than we had paid for. We had a great view of the fountains, the suite itself was VERY nice!. . The only downsides I could mention is being charged a resort fee and the weird security where you had to constantly show your room key to security in the evening to access the elevators. Otherwise- great place!
Great hotel. Nice staff.. . I had the opportunity to use their online concierge system. It was very easy to setup deliveries before arriving at the hotel. The flowers and appetizers were waiting in the room when we arrived.. . There were a lot of cabinets and storage spaces. In general, it was well designed and everything seemed to be where you wanted it and expected to find it.. . This is a small issue, but for a luxury hotel I did expect more "luxurious" towels. They lacked a lot of "fluff" as if they were well used...clean but well used.. . It is a very tall hotel so I was concerned that there would be a lot of time spent waiting for the elevators. This was never the case. They usually arrived pretty quickly, not only in the lobby but on your floor. Be aware, if you do have a room on one of the higher floors, the elevator can get you. It goes fast, and sometimes your ears may actually pop.. . I really liked that it didn't have a casino. As a result, the hotel was missing all of the related casino traffic. But even if casinos are your thing, it is a quick walk to the other casinos.. . Overall, a really great experience.
We loved staying here because it is new, clean, modern, and convenient. We wanted to stay somewhere close to the action but not cigarette-filled and this was perfect. It is on the strip and well connected with the aria and bellagio. Pretty average pool area and relatively few number of restaurants compared to other hotels, but it was so quiet clean, and nice that we didn't really notice. It is awesome that it connects with the aria because you are just steps away from anything you might want.
Just one of the great hotels that I visit/stay.. . No casino here BUT the hotel offers great SPA experience.. . The staffs are friendly and knowledgable.. Great service.. . Depending on the rooms you booked, the view is awesome.. I like staying here.
Hands down my most favorite hotel in Vegas. Stayed here a couple times and I've never had problems. Everybody has their own taste preferences but I'm all about new/modern/clean/simple, and this hotel is just that. . . The standard suites are a good size. You have your super duper comfy king bed that's separated by the TV from the seating area, little kitchen area, large bathroom and a panoramic window with killer views. My last stay was awesome because I was upgraded to the corner suite (I'm not sure why, but I'll take it!). The corner suite is a one-bedroom suite equipped with a full kitchen, W/D, dining area and TV seating area. Given that it's a corner suite, you get amazing views of Vegas starting from the doorway all the way to the end of the bathroom. Make sure you turn up your A/C because these huge windows can generate a lot of heat! . . The hotel doesn't have the same amenities and services that the other hotels have (like a casino, restaurants, large pool, etc.) but it's nothing that a quick walk to the neighboring Bellagio or Aria can't fix. . . I honestly have nothing to complain about, maybe except for the fact that their rates have increased since the first time I've stayed here..but I can see why, it's an amazing hotel!
Gosh, I'm glad to see that there are Yelp-ers here who don't love the place, which is good where I'm coming from, since if everyone liked it they would raise the prices to the point where I couldn't do Las Vegas in style -- a style I can afford.. . As it is, with a little flexibility you can find some super good prices on really nice suites -- spacious, well-appointed, and 1.5 bathrooms is nothing to sneeze at.  As many here have already noted, the feel of the place is less smoky and dilapidated than other Vegas hotels, even when compared to a high-end place like its neighbor, the Aria.  . . We're real fond of the bar in the lobby -- highly professional bartenders, a pleasant place (active but rarely over-crowded); and they serve some great food at both lunch and dinner.
I love this hotel because it's smoke free!! There's no casino in it, but it's in walking distance from the Aria casino. So it's perfect for the people that want to sleep in a smoke free hotel. Also, the rooms are like mini suites or even mini luxury apartments! It has a mini kitchen with a mini living room and mini bedroom with a super modern feel to it. Extremely clean and always smells good in here.
I always have a great experience at this hotel. The suites are nice and the penthouses are exceptional. Service has never disappointed. If you are looking for a resort setting without the cigarette smell, the atmosphere is great! There is a small pool, and no casino within the facility but the Aria is just a 2 minute walk with a fun nightclub inside. Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, Crystals Shopping Center, and number of other hotels are well within walking distance. I always recommend this place to friends and family.
The hotel rooms are a bit cheaper than its competitors considering the quality of room that you get.. . I've stayed in the Deluxe Suite, corner Business Suite (Rm 6002) and Vdara Suite (Rm 43010).. . The Business Suite and Vdara Suite are basically the same except that the view from the business suite that we were in was the Aria Shuttle (looks like the Disneyland monorail). The view at our Vdara Suite was pretty nice, we could see the strip, including the bellagio water show.. . List of things that impressed me:. - kitchen sink/stove/cabinetry. - separate door forthe bedroom. - pull out sofa, dining table. - full sized stainless steel refrigerator. - electronic blackout curtains/shades. - washer/dryer set. - bathtub. - 2 free water bottles per night. . List of things we needed to call for:. - extra towels. - setting up the pullout sofa. - detergent. - pots/pans/cookware. - extra soap. . Convenience Store. The walk to the nearest convenience store is a few minutes away. Around the roundabout to Aria and through Aria's entrance, you'll immediate see "Elements" which is Aria's 24/hr convenience store.. . Cosmopolitan. We found that walking outside alongside cosmopolitan was the quickest way to get there. It beats walking through Aria, then the mall, then over the bridge.. . Earl of Sandwiches. Again, walking right alongside the Cosmopolitan hotel was the quickest way to get to Earl of Sandwiches.. . Planet Hollywood vs Vdara - Go Vdara. If your decision is to either stay at Planet Hollywood or Vdara, I would probably stay at Vdara based on the quality of the room that you get for the price. No, it doesnt have a casino, but think of that as a good thing, for most.. . Customer Service. The front desk was extremely attentive to our needs. Housekeeping was fairly quick, with the exception of check-in times. Make sure to request that your sofa bed get done when the sun is down, you'll get a lot quicker service this way. Be nice to your housekeeping lady that fixes up your room because most likely, she'll be the one fixing up your room the next day as well, tip her the first day at minimum.. . Late Night Munchies. Sorry, no late night munchies at Vdara except for room service, you'll have to walk to Aria for that.. . Cafe Downstairs. The food takes about 20 minutes to get, so you'll have to be patient. Luckily, I was working on my laptop using my tethered internet, so it was a pleasant time while I was there.. . Free Wifi (512kbps included). Don't expect fast internet, it's slow, for free. Fast if you pay? I'm not sure, I didn't rely on their internet, I just tethered.. . AT&T iPhone 5 Reception. The reception is good when you're on the lower floors. I had LTE on the lower floors. However, up on the 43rd floor, it took forever for pages to load while browsing. Reception was also a bit choppy for the people I was talking to on the phone. It's not the hotel's fault, it's just that I was too high up.. . Pool. Don't expect much, it's a little pool with a bunch of seats to lay down on. They provide towels. They check your room key before letting you enter. There's a large rectangular spa as well. The music is ok, could be louder and more modern selection.. . In short, my stay was great.
All I can say is WOW! My wife and I were extremely impressed with this hotel.  We enjoyed the location and the convenience of hitting the strip and the surrounding hotels (if necessary). I got what I considered a really great deal on the room that overlooked the strip ($325 total cost for Sunday and Monday night on Memorial day weekend with $75 food and beverage credit).  I did a lot of research and asked a million questions before booking and every expectation was met.  I signed up for M-Life and their service was nothing less than excellent. I typically love to walk around and enjoy the amenities of the other hotels but we found ourselves staying within our pocket of Vdara for relaxation and Aria, Citycenter, and Cosmpolitan for the action.
One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas, rooms are very clean and nice, short walk right into the strip and. City Center is nice and luxurious. There is a bridge connecting the Vdara to the Bellagio. The Vdara is a hotel only, no casino, a small bar in the lobby. It is more of a place to sleep than a place to hang out. But for the location and luxury, it is a good price
Lee E. has the best hotel review I've ever seen for a hotel for this location so I'll try to include a couple things that weren't mentioned by other yelpers.  SO starting from the lobby.... . The elevators are split so that floors above 28 (I think?) are in a different bank of elevators on the other side.  Makes for efficient access, you don't have to wait forever for an elevator.  You also have to show your room key on the ground floor which prevents random stragglers from being disruptive on the floors or pool.. . The spa is pricey, even for Vegas.  You can get a quality massage on the strip for less than the posted prices at Vdara.. . I didn't have a problem with the wind at the pool, it actually would've been nice since it was over 110 degrees lol.  It's true that it is not super chlorinated, but that means it can feel kind of lotion-y.  The drinks are good too, I'd recommend the mango margarita.  There are several rows of beach chairs and I never had a problem finding some real estate under an umbrella.  I didn't check what the rates for the cabana were, but the music selection was awesome and loud enough to be fun but not so loud that you couldn't have a conversation or read a book.. . Lastly the room was superb.  I didn't feel grody walking around on the carpet in my bare feet and I love the minimalist design of the bathroom.  I also like that the shower has a seat and the deep tub.  Having a tv on each side of the suite is kind of pointless; their relative proximity and lack of walls make it impossible to watch two different things at the same time.  Lastly, I haven't seen anyone mention the sheets but holy cow!  They have to be like 5000 thread count.  They felt amazing.. . I didn't try the food with so many options close by (walkway to Bellagio and sidewalk to Aria) but it's worth noting that you can get pretty far along the strip without having to venture outside too far, particularly useful when it is, as I mentioned, over 110 degrees the whole weekend.  I would definitely stay here again even though it does not have a gym.  If you're looking for a smoke-free stay with out the bells, whistles, and flashing lights that's still close enough to the excitement, stay here.
Love this hotel! always a great deal. It's veryyyy clean and comfy here! There is no casino in the hotel, which is great for the people that don't like the casinos but still want to stay in a nice vegas hotel. Aria is literally a walk away so for those people that do lovvee the casinos you have that there. There aren't too many drunk people roaming around, which is a plus! it's a very sophisticated ambiance! Will always come back and stay here!!
When you walk in and you smell the Vdara you will know you walked in to a little oasis of happiness and joy. The staff will literally bend over backwards to make your trip as easy and flawless as possible. Rooms are impeccable. Maid service is 24 hours, concierge is extremely professional. Ive called more than 30 times and every time they are eager to help and make accommodations for whatever our heart desires. I love our room, i love this hotel, if you come to Vegas stay at the Vdara you will not regret it!!
Trying to find a good hotel that fits the budget on a holiday weekend is a very difficult task especially a clean one. We decided between aria and this one and Vdara won our hearts so it was an easy decision.. . My friend, his brother and I got to Vegas at the crack of dawn and were worried about their standard check-in time that started at 3pm. Since we were the early birds, the bell hop told us we might get our room early. So my friend gave it a shot and we got the room early with a free upgrade to a suite which made the holiday weekend a little sweeter.. . Upon entering the room, the key is not your standard room key but a card that you swipe over the round disc. Once we got in, there is a bathroom to the right, a dinner table, sink with microwave, a stainless steel fridge, and a washer/dryer. The living room area is spacious once you clear it and use the couch as a bed which is what I did. The room was reserved for my friend and his brother that had two closets, one filled with two bathrobes and one for your clothes.. . The bathroom in my opinion is the highlight of the whole room and why not. In the bathroom, there is a bathtub, and a walk in shower with a place to sit down. Two sinks as well for couples if both are using it at the same time.. . Vdara is probably not as great as Aria and not as swank as Cosmopolitan but I think it is a perfect place to stay because there is no smoke from a casino.
Booked a room at the Vdara to host my graduation party and boy was I pleased. I can't get enough of this hotel because all the staff were so accommodating to all my needs. In fact, I was so impressed with my stay I emailed the management on how well trained their employees are on providing excellent customer service. If only they trained everyone else in the world working in customer service. I stayed in the executive hospitality suite, which is the largest room they have if I'm not mistaken. 2 bedrooms, living room, kitchen with a large front counter with breakfast nook and 2 and a half baths. There was alsoa washer and dryer, which is probably useful if you're staying a few days especially if you have kids. The major downer about these rooms is that you don't get a view of the strip or the beautiful fountains at Bellagio because these rooms are located on the opposite side of the hotel. I was told by front desk all these types of suites only have a view of Aria and the I-15 freeway, not bad I'll take it. Beds were comfortable from what I can remember.. . The pool area is small, but ambiance is fitting for the demographic of those staying at the hotel.  Pretty mellow with mainly mid aged adults and a few kids here and there. My only suggestion would be is for the music to be louder as Lee had also mentioned in his review. . . P.S. LOCALS: if you are looking to have a "hotel party" Vdara is a good option, despite all the noise coming from my room (music and a ton of people), I did not get one complaint nor did I have security warn me about the noise level. I know at other hotels they shut down your party immediately if other guests are bothered.
This hotel was fantastic! The experience was awesome from the time I pulled up in my car to two days later when I left. This is one classy hotel and every one treated me like a queen. All the service staff were polite and willing to serve. And for the first time in my life I could actually sleep in a hotel bed because the beds and pillows were so soft. I was on the 32nd floor and WOW what a view of Las Vegas strip! There was almost a full kitchen, complete with stove, microwave, and fridge. The only thing missing was a pot for coffee/tea. Other than that...it was a perfect stay. I'll be back!
I stayed at the penthouse on my visit to Vegas and oh boy it was nice. It was 2 stories, 2 rooms and 3 bathrooms. The view was awesome from our room. Kitchen was clean with a washer/dryer machine for laundry, refrigerator/freezer, microwave, silverware and a full dining table. 3 big flat screen TVs. I will make sure to come to Vdara every time I visit Vegas now. There is no casino however there is a walkway to the Bellagio and Aria.
I dont even know where to begin. We were at the Vdara for 2 nights for my BF's 30th and it definitely was worth every cent! We checked in Saturday with nothing more but a 5 minute wait. The Valet quickly unloaded our bags onto a bell cart and gave us our ticket and boom...to the check in desk we go. We were definitely treated with fast and professional service, check in was a breeze. We booked an executive corner suite and were on the 52nd floor. It was a total ease to get to the room, no casio, or clouds of smoke to get through and no maze of tables and slots trying to navigate the elevators. The Vdara itself is very contemporary and stylish. Has a very young feel to it but seemed to be a place for families too. . Once in our room, it was just to-die-for..AMAZING views!!! The room is basically just over 800 sqft. 4 burner stove (electric), microwave/confection oven, dishwasher, garbage disposal, full fridge/freezer, dining table for 4. Sofa pulled out to a queen bed, although our friend said the floor was more comfortable, lol. Room was awesome with a bed that I would have no problem ever leaving. The bathroom is where it really gets crazy! Huge in itself, dual sinks, seperate "Water closet", rainfall shower with bench (can easily fit 4 people in there) and a soaking tub that I wanted to take home. The Bathroom is basically all windows.... ;). We had a few issues apon arrival, literally 20 seconds after we shut the door, a maintenance guy was there to fix a loose toiled seat. I had to call down again because one of our blinds was stuck and was obsructing the awesome view that we wanted to see. This was all taken care of within 30 minutes. Our bags took the longest to get to us. We called down to ask the ETA and they had them up in 10 minutes. Not a problem. Just a few things you need to know. - 25.00 per day resort fee + 100.00 deposit that you get back a few days later. . -If you plan on cooking, you need to call hospitality and request EVERYTHING, pots, dishes, cups, silver ware....soap, sponges, trashbags. I had to  make several calls since I didnt realize there was literally nothing there.. -They tell you that there is a guy checking to make sure you have your room key before you get on the elevator and that you need your key to even get the elevator moving, not true. We hosted a dinner one of the nights we were there and a few of our guests came up without a problem. -Call down to bell hop to have them pick your bags up so you dont have to lug them down.. -utilize thier electronic check out. . ***Sign up for the Mlife rewards, you get amazing room discounts for just signing up and is good for 11 different properties, points rack up fast***
Amazing, that's the only work to describe this place. Stay here!
This is by far one of my most favorite, if not favorite, hotel I have had the pleasure to stay at. I stayed at the Vdara in October of 2012, and it took me by surprise. They have great deals and offers and got a really good deal with one night for free which extended my vacation. Upon arriving at the Vdara, the experience was remarkable. As soon as you walk into the lobby, you automatically get this great feel of classiness and cleanliness all over. A very slick and sexy hotel no doubt, great for everyone. Even though the Vdara has no casino, its actually a great benefit. Nice and quiet, great for relaxing and if you're ready to gamble, the Cosmopolitan and the Aria are literally feet away. Another benefit of the Vdara is that you have the tram station at your hotel which leads you to the Aria and Monte Carlo, very very convenient and nice ride too, you get a great view of the City Center that you cant get without getting on the tram. The rooms are amazing, very modern and classy as well. I also had a great view of the Bellagio fountains and the Cosmo, nothing better than waking up watching the show. The curtains as well are automatic, which is very cool as well. The bathroom is unbelievable and overall this place surpassed my expectations. I 100% recommend staying here, don't pass it up!
New year's eve with the girlfriend. Automatic upgrade to panoramic suite on the 53rd floor. Great view, no casino and no smoking. It's awesome and so beautiful.
It's walkable to The Strip and next door to Marquee Dayclub and Nightclub!  . . I like how this hotel is low key compared to the rest of the neighboring brand name hotels and super convenient to get to places in its vicinity.. . Not a whole lot of people and none of that extremely fancy decor.  It is a great place to stay at and comparably affordable!. . Their rooms are spacious and modern.  They have a security guard at the elevators to check your room key.  A couple of perks I would say!
We've stayed at the Vdara several times now and every time we've received exceptional service. There are several reasons we continue to choose the Vdara, 1. The rooms are Suites 2. Staff - always friendly & helpful 3. Non- Smoking!!! 4. No casino or nightclub. After enjoying Vegas' nightlife, you can retire to a quiet peaceful place. 5. The pool and its staff  6.The Vdara speciality drink the Black Dragon, which I believe is now called by a different name. Ask for the blackberry mojito. . You can walk to so many places from here, Bellagio, Aria, Caesars, MGM and numerous restaurants. . The biggest drawback to the Vdara is the Internet charge, considering the price of the rooms, free Internet would be a huge plus.
Just beautiful! I wanted to knock this resort one star for not allowing smoking and no gambling, but you should 100% know this going into booking here, and if anything there are obviously many hotels within a 10 minute walk. . The rooms were beyond gorgeous. Me and one other shared a 2 queen deluxe suite and it was great. The other ladies including the bride had a HUGE luxury suite, four bedrooms, everything was great.
Love Vdara. Luxurious, cozy, smoke-free and QUIET! Great staff, too. Not to mention, modern and spacious. It is definitely not your typical Vegas party hotel, but that's probably why I loved it so much. Don't forget your comfy shoes. It's a quick walk to Aria, Cosmo and Planet Hollywood, and has a connecting walkway to the Bellagio. If you need snacks, toiletries or want a fresh hot meal at any time during the day, stop by the Market Cafe on the first floor. We were there almost every day for breakfast.. . Our one bedroom suite had a full kitchen (fridge/freezer, stovetop, sink, kitchenware), a full bath with tub and shower in the bedroom and a half bath in the entry way. Very convenient  (and almost a necessity!) when staying with 3 other girls. And oh, the bed! Just thinking about it makes me want to ZzZz...one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept on. The quality of linens makes such a big difference. . . By far, the Vdara has the nicest fitness center I've ever been to in a hotel. New, clean equipment with towels and bottled waters at each machine, and headphones available, if you need it for the TV monitors attached to all of the cardio machines. Kettlebells, body bars, free weights...better equipment than I've seen at some member gyms in San Diego. I never enjoyed working out while on vacation, but I loved it while I stayed at the Vdara. . . I would love to come back here and am looking forward to that day. Thanks, Vdara!
Vdara is a true gem in Las Vegas if you're looking for a quiet escape from the madness of Vegas while being able to dive right into it if you so choose. The rooms are spacious, clean and well equipped, and you can't beat it's location - just steps from both ARIA and Bellagio. Navigating the simple, non-smokey lobby is a piece of cake, and good food and drinks are just downstairs. . . Don't get me wrong, I love staying at the casino resorts, but every once in a while it's great to take a break from their craziness, and that's when I head to Vdara.
Gorgeous, non smoking, modern, clean and inviting. In a sea of bad taste, this place is designer neat. , spacious and lovely. Fab location and amenities.
It's a great hotel to come back to, and really felt like coming back to "home" in Vegas. I love that it's connected by a short walk to Bellagio and is close to walk to Cosmo next door. The best part was the suite which included a huge bathroom with killer views of the Strip and a cute kitchen area with large fridge, stove, Keurig, dishwasher, and table. There was a cozy living room area too. Wish there were plates as it almost felt like we were in a time share or hanging out in someone's home. Love the spa downstairs. It's a great place to stay free from casino or cigarette smoke that are in most Vegas hotels.
Honestly, Las Vegas is gross. . . The streets are dirty, the billboards are dirtier, and the smog on the Strip from all the damn cigarette smoke/car exhaust is just nasty.. . Vdara, on the other hand is clean & serene. Modern, spacious rooms with awesome views & NO SMOKING! Woo-hoo!!! . . Loved my stay here & would totally come back.
Vegas Baby!, Vegas! . . Anyone who has been to Sin City will tell you, there are several ways to enjoy the lights and sounds of this great city.. . For this trip, which was the first time we did Vegas with just Joy and I..... No entourage, no commitments to meet people, nothing but the wife and I... Bliss!!! Add the fact this was a 40th year Birthday present to myself and you will understand the fun factor involved..... . I knew that I wanted to stay in a high end hotel that would make me feel like a high roller without breaking the bank. To do that I needed to find a "deal". . . Whats great about Vegas is if you do enough searches you will end up finding the "mid-week" pricing very reasonable.... . And so it was I found Vdara Hotel, Mid-week pricing with a Pool side Day bed rental and Credit at the bar.. . Vdara is located in the "city center" area, and driving into the Valet area already gives you the feeling you made the right decision.. . Check in was a breeze, and off to our room we went.. Walking into the room, I already knew that I was gonna love this stay. Modern Decor, 2 flat screens, a huge Bathroom with a tub and shower. Auto Blinds and Shades on the windows and a pretty comfy bed. Oh yeah and a kitchenette. . . We enjoyed the poolside Day bed and used up our bar credit on a delicious pitcher of Black Berry Mojitos. The server, Megan, at the pool was great and easy going, and allowed us to use the "VIP" Pool, which is normally reserved for the Cabanas.. . The Vdara is also a smoke free, no Casino Hotel. . Wait, What? No casino? Whats the point. . . Well, sometimes people go to Vegas not to gamble... In fact the whole trip we only spent $40 on the gambling part, and reserved our funds for Awesome Food, Drinks and a show.. . Hotel Room service was also great, although pricey, but then again, Its Vegas..... . Overall this was a great hotel stay and I can wish that someday I could afford the regular pricing and just stay there whenever I wanted... Someday....
Had an amazing weekend at Vdara thanks to the friendly staff--namely front desk Erin Serrano! The room was well kept, the views were spectacular and the company was so much fun. Location on the strip is perfect, so close to everything! They ALLOW DOGS in the "V-dog" rooms, amazing because I love when my puppy tags along. There's a dog run just behind valet. Speaking of valet, it's required here, so keep tip cash handy. I highly recommended Vdara!!!!
I loved this hotel. The customer service was great! Right from the beginning at check in. We were upgraded to a corner suite. It was huge and more like a condo than hotel room. It had a full kitchen and washer and dryer. The view was amazing. I loved the bath tub. I got a really good deal on Expedia. Ask for an upgrade. Also walk to the front at Haze and tell them they said you could get in free since you had a suite. My husband even got in for free!. . The housekeeping was amazing too we had an accident at 5am and they came right  away and cleaned it up. Would stay here again for sure!
I love this place! I came here with my friends for my 23rd. Room had an amazing 270 degree view of Vegas. We could see everything.. We asked if we could be put on as high a floor add possible and the front desk us on the 52nd floor. I think there was 56 total. The service here was amazing, clean, friendly.. It's the perfect location. Less than 5 min walk to Bellagio. The hotel are connected to each other. This access puts  you right on the middle if the strip.. Overall this hotel is very affordable, great location, non smoking, great service and just provides an amazing experience. Will definitely be booking here again.
We've been to Vegas a few times. After staying at the Vdara the first time, it is now the only place we stay. . . We came to Vegas to celebrate our 4yr Anniversary and when we checked in, our room had been upgraded and we had complimentary spa passes. . . This hotel takes care of you. One of the managers / supervisors, Tony, was an amazing help and did so much for us and made our stay here even more memorable. It's people like Tony who make Vdara our must stay at hotel in Vegas.
Vdara is a very luxurious place to stay.  The rooms are quite large, very clean, and have an updated/modern design.  The service is exceptional, and they really take care of guests.  By far the best hotel experience we have had in our five or six Vegas trips.  They check room keys at the elevator banks, even at like 3:00am, which is nice.  . . There is no casino at Vdara, so depending on your perspective that is either good or bad.  To me, it's good, because it makes the hotel less busy with random people wandering around.  But if it's your first time in Vegas, it may detract from your party experience - it's really neat the first time to have a hotel right on the strip, where you can walk right out from the elevator and be in the middle of the action.  Anywho, Vdara has a tram that runs until 4am that goes to Aria and Monte Carlo for gambling, while the Bellagio and Aria are both a fairly short walk away from Vdara.  So, if you want to briefly escape the chaos for a bit of sleep, Vdara offers a somewhat calm escape that is very close to the 24x7 action.  . . We stayed at Planet Hollywood the last night of our trip, which offered a stark contrast to Vdara.  While Vdara is clean, modern, and customer service oriented...Planet Hollywood was congested with mobs of people, and definitely showed its age.  Planet Hollywood wasn't the worst we've ever stayed in, but I definitely wish we had just stayed another night at Vdara instead.
One of the best hotels on the strip. It is in a great location (City Center). It is smoke free and there is no casino. Because there is no casino and no smoking, they always have great deals on rooms. The rooms are very nice and have great views of Vegas. If you want to gamble or shop, you can walk out the front door and go across to Aria and Crystals. It also has access to the Belagio.
Holy shiiiizzzle. I never thought I'd say this but I love this hotel. It smells Devine. I love that it's smoke free. The suites are spectacular. So huge and the amenities are great. The service is so good here given that it's a hotel in Vegas. It almost makes you believe that it's a boutique hotel. Will be back for sure.
Where do I begin?  ...Vdara is an oasis in a desert of loud, smokey, drunken hotels. Its location is doesn't sacrifice the  feeling part of the "strip",  yet provides a feeling of getting away. It offers a touch of class, value,  and flair. .  We stayed in the Vdara suite,  which was a $50 upgrade from our $90/night Hotwire Deluxe suite reservation.  The 51st floor room offered an expansive North side view of Las Vegas, in addition to a clear view of the Bellagios famous fountain show. Our room came equipped with 2 flat screen TV's, a separate living room with a pull out couch,  washer/dryer combo, a full kitchen, tub/shower combo, Egyptian cotton robes, and complimentary slippers. In short, more than enough amenities to make the stay extremely comfortable..  The pool: I was iffy about this before,  because I once stayed in at Mandalay Bay and thought,  how could a pull ever rival that. Although Vdara does not offer a wave pool,  and lazy river like Mandalay, what it offers is equally as appealing. There are 3 seperate pools, one being a sauna spa pool, and the other 2 waiting pools.  Its located on the 3 floor and offers a slight view of the entrance way among other things. Overall the ratio of people to pool made the experience overall more relaxing ......there was no struggle to fight for space. . Overall if you are looking for service, flair, tranquility, accessibility, and still a connoisseur of all things Vegas, then this is the place for you!
This past weekend I had my sister's bachelorette party here! Wow! The location, cleanliness, and staff was all fabulous. The rates were the cheapest and allowed us to have a suite for $333! All 14 girls fit great. Unfortunately, my reservation said just a deluxe room, when I explained to the front desk girl (Allison) that there was no way this room would hold all 14 girls she quickly spoke with a manager and upgraded us to a city suite for no charge. . I felt comfortable, appreciated, and understood! . I recommend this place to anyone that wants a great deal, a better location, and a friendly staff.
Check in staff was very helpful.  Pool area is beautiful. Hotel rooms are modern, clean and luxurious.  Down stairs cafe has a lot of food selections.  . . Walking distance to the aria and city center makes this hotel one of my favorites on the strip.   . . I will stay here again.
Wonderful hotel to stay at, very safe and secure. No casino inside, right next to the Aria though and walking distance to the strip. I would stay here again next time.
I spent my past weekend at Vdara and I love the location! Even though it's not exactly on the strip, it's an easy access by going through Bellagio. :D . . Our room had a water leakage issue on our first night. We promptly switched to another room. Despite there was some Friday afternoon check-in madness, we were pleased the Service Man promptly put our request to get a new room for us. While I wish I could get an upgrade since we had to move things by ourselves (running out of bellmen to assist us since 4:30-5PM seemed to be a peak check-in time), I appreciated their speedy response and their effort to accommodate us!. . While we all joked about the annoying staff member asking us to show our room key as we enter into the elevator lobby area, my husband and I appreciated such arrangement from the bottom of our hearts - the last thing we want to see is a random girl knocking our doors and asking for services. Call me old fashion - but I really feel safe and secure in this property. ha! . . I love the first room that we stayed (it's bigger than the 2nd room that we were placed). But both rooms were beautiful. I made our own simple breakfast in our suite after requesting kitchenware and cooking utensils. While there won't be enough equipment to make the most complicated meals, a pot and a pan is all you need to make a simple meal~~ And we keep on thinking that this place would be perfect if we return to vegas with our babies/toddlers because of the kitchen, great sound isolation, and its location! Further, everyone we had met at this hotel were super friendly and helpful.. . The only one thing I don't like about is the pool - it closes way too early in my opinion. But I guess it force us to get out from the pool and get ready for shows and dinners.
We found a special on travelzoo through jetluxury.com for $114/night (resort fees and taxes included) for the Deluxe Suite (1 King bed, 1 sleeper sofa and a kitchenette).    Normally, this room goes for $279/night before resort fees and taxes so travelzoo's deal was AWESOME!  . . The hotel is connected to the Bellagio so it's not exactly on the strip, but it's only a 5 min walk to the front of Bellagio.  Also, it is an easy access for the tram that connects to the Crystal shopping center near Aria, it's free.  Walking distance to city center, cosmo (for secret Pizza) made it a great location for us.. . The room itself was beautiful, modern and mostly importantly.., clean!  Bed was super comfortable as it had a pillow top, the sheets were uber soft.  I passed out a few times within minutes of lying down.  There is a kitchenette that included a stove (you have to request the pots and pans), a microwave, and a small fridge.  . . The pool is beautiful, the gym was nicely equipped with new machines.  Customer service from the front desk to the room service were all excellent.. . Had a blast, and we're definitely considering coming back here to this hotel again!
We stayed at the Vdara hotel as the last night of a cross country move from Boston to LA. We were traveling with our 65lb boxer "puppy", which made a lot of hotel accommodations difficult. The staff at Vdara went way out of their way to make our stay easy, comfortable, and fun. Zoe (our boxer) got a package on check in that included a blanket (which has since become her favorite thing to drag around the house) and a dog treat, as well as a list of services including a pet menu, and dog sitting. Vdara also has a fenced in dog area right in front of the hotel that was perfect for Zoe. Kim helped us get all of our belongings out of our room the morning we checked out, and was a major dog fan. Our dog had been rather stressed since leaving our home in Boston, and Kim put her right at ease immediately. She was extremely helpful, had an amazing personality, and gave us a lot of great info about both Las Vegas and the area we were moving to. The Vdara should be very proud to have her as an employee! We have, and will continue to, recommend the Vdara to everyone we know who needs to travel with a dog. They went way above and beyond to make sure we, and our dog, were comfortable and enjoyed our stay.
Beautiful hotel with a modern flair. No casino is a plus as we didn't want to deal with the increased crowd in our own hotel. Aria next door is a great Casino, and don't forget Bellagio and Monte Carlo are just a free tram ride away. Both of those casinos can be accessed by the tram with a stop at Vdara. We will stay here again.
Had a great time. Amazing facilities (non-smoking) and customer experience. Great deals can be found on travel websites. It is not on the strip or have a casino in the hotel but have close access to Bellagio and Aria.  Would recommend and will definitely return again.
This hotel is AMAZING we did book the Panoramic Suite which had an awesome view of what Vegas has to offer! The suite had a great set up from the kitchen to the bathroom and bedroom. The room was very clean and modern.  Close to the tram which can take you to the Aria,Bellagio,Monte Carlo or Crystals Shopping Center.  The only downfalls were they only offer Valet Parking with not parking garage and there is no Casino. Other than that I would highly recommend the Vdara for a getaway.
vdara great hotel to stay at what sets it apart from other hotel no casino means no smoking clean hotel great vies from the room very nice bathroom alot of space in the room nice size kitchen area i been here before i will be back again when i come to vegas one of the best on the strip.
We SHOULD OF bought one of the studios when they were selling, what a loss, because this place just smells of excellence, even during a fire alarm. . It is new and gorgeous and reaks of class and style.. It does NOT smell. It is still our fave for spending money less than calif. NICE!. P.S. We have stayed over the years more than 80% of the strip and 20% off the strip Hotels and Motels and really appreciate Aria, but VDARA MORE.
Stayed here with some friends on a recent trip to Vegas, and loved it.. . Beautiful hotel and lobby, friendly staff, modern decor, pristine rooms, and super comfy. Our room had a beautiful view overlooking the Bellagio fountains. The wifi was free too which was a plus.  Maybe a bit of a bummer that there's no casino, but there's a super convenient tram that goes to Bellagio and Monte Carlo which we took every day...and it's a short walk out the door to Aria.. . Highly recommended for anyone looking for a great stay in Vegas!
I'm going to do my review as a list of pros and cons:. . Pros -. 1) Really nice, 5 star hotel standard. 2) one bedrdoom suites at MASSIVE!. 3) hot shower and separate shower and bathtub, although water pressure could have been better. 4) window blinds and shades are very thick and good at keeping the sunlight out. 5) Wifi is fast. 6) No casino and smoke-free. Nice and quiet lounge. 7) Valet parking was very fast and efficient every time. 8) Connected to the Bellagio for direct access (although at least a 5 minute walk to the casino floor). 9) Central heating was very good, and also separate heating systems for the living room and the bedroom!. 10) Right next to the Crystals mall if you like really high end designer shopping. . Cons - . 1) Resort fee - $28!. 2) Its at least a 5-10 minute walk to the strip. Through Aria.. 3) Toiletries provided looked very cheap - like the kind you would get at a Best Western?. 4) Lack of dining options right in the building - have to make the short trek next door to the Aria or beyond
Recently stayed here on my recent trip to vegas. One thing I liked about this hotel is that it doesnt have a casino downstairs which makes it a more relaxing stay, and on top of that the property is smoke free!  Front desk staff was very friendly and helpful.  Rooms are good size and very clean. The pool area is nice with two hot tubs. I would certainly stay here again when I visit Vegas.
What a great hotel! We booked through a third party, having stayed at Luxor (1-2 stars), and Cosmopolitan (5 stars) on prior stints in LV. . . We were in a suite that had a kitchenette with two small fridges (no freezer, 1 fridge was the mini bar), 2 burner cooktop and microwave. It'd be nice if the kitchenette had a roll of paper towels, dishsoap and some basic tools (the way the bathroom does) since we did prepare a little food and snacks in the room. You have to ask for plates and flatware but they'll deliver it, our turnaround time was a few hours which was fine, we were at the pool anyway. . . Our media center was a bit wonky...we brought a 360 for netflix and video games as well as a few dvds (the point of this trip was to relax and lounge, not gamble and get drunk...I've def done those trips!). It was easy to hook up but only certain dvds worked, we kept getting "unsupported video format" errors even though the xbox menu worked.  Since the WiFi is a browser login prompt, we couldn't login on the xbox but it was easy on my tablet and phone. . . Tv picture was great, faces the bed flanked by the dining table and couch. The bathroom mirror reflects it so you can also watch from the tub with the door open. . . Bed was super comfy, white bedding that smelled bleachy-clean (that sounds bad but I like it). Electronic shade and blackout shade. . . The front desk was very accommodating; they lent us a 360 controller when we forgot ours, it already had batteries. The flatware was delivered. . . Someone fell at the pool on the third floor. The staff (10 present or so half hour before closing) were concerned and alert to his situation. Hottub is big, fits 10-15 comfortably. Cabanas available with tvs and fans. Pool is heated and by heated I mean bathwater. Very pleasant even in the shade aria can throw on it in the late afternoon. Food and drink allowed in plastic. Nice big pool beds and lounge chairs. Towels provided. Bar counter, possibly a few snacks available. We were also carded before boarding the elevator a few times so it seems lile they keep track of who's supposed to be in the bldg. . . Geographically, it's not on the strip. It's behind (and connected to) Bellagio, across the street from Aria. It has no gaming (a plus for me) & is nonsmoking. It's huge, 56 floors so it's easy to blend in and be anonymous. . . My biggest draw pulling me back to this hotel would be the service. It's world class. I loved cosmopolitan too, I think their bathrooms were a little nicer (i like the special door for the toilet). But vdara has the best soaking tub which I used every single day. I'd return for sure. This isn't worth the money if you don't plan on spending time in the room but we spent almost all our time in the room. A+.
I still like this place a heck of a lot and am looking forward to going back -- great rooms at a decent price, and we like the atmosphere.  This said, one sour note on recent trip:  They have really cut back the food menu at the Vdara Bar.  Bummer since it is a cool bar and really the only place in hotel to grab a bite.. . By the way, some have noted that Vdara is valet parking only.  As someone who is not keen on valet parking, even when it is complimentary, I observe that you can (and we did) park at the Aria self-park.  No problem and a simple enough walk.
Beautiful modern hotel. Non smoking with no casino, a nice break from the strip! Rooms were amazing. Kitchenette, motorized window treatments, amazing bed and pillow, two tvs with all sorts of inputs. Checked in and lady asked if it was a special occasion. It was anniversary so we mentioned that. Few hours later a hand written note from her and a bottle of champagne arrived at our door. We also had a rebate on resort fee at checkout (not sure if that was related or what, but I didnt complain!). . Friendly staff, good valet team, nice new hotel. I approve and will be back!
This is probably among the best hotels out there. Our suite was elegant and tastefully decorated, the furniture and bed were super-comfy, the bathroom spacious and inviting, and we really liked the longish private hallway leading into our suite. The dining table and almost full kitchen were great for bringing food from restaurants back to the suite to enjoy in peace and quiet. 3pm check-out was great and much appreciated. Only downside was no self-parking. We like to take several car trips a day and cumbersome car access (all valet is cumbersome if you like to slip and in ou of your car several times a day) is a major inconvenience for us.
My boyfriend and I stayed here last weekend and had such a beautiful time. We stayed in the basic room, but it was now there near basic.  Super comfy beds, a separate seating area, mini kitchen, separate bathroom and tub with plenty of counter space. We're looking forward to staying here for all future Vegas trips :)
In a word: CLASSY. . . My first trip to Vegas (on marathon weekend) was a mixed bag. Robert Klein at Suncoast (in Summerlin, a 50 buck cab ride each way if you tip) was great. I've met so many people from all over America, including a lovely couple from Kentucky with three girls and a couple grandkids and a British couple (both engineers) with whom I planned to meet yesterday but couldn't because the Strip was closed. . . This is THE BEST hotel room of its kind I've ever been. You can't compare hotels like the W or Vdara to Ritz Carlton/Four Seasons traditional upscale resorts, but for this style of hotel, it's without question the best I've ever stayed. . . But I have never been to a W that could compare to the beauty of this room, 75 feet larger than the studio I live 3 months a year in Manhattan. The kitchen and bathroom impart an instant sense of well-being. I truly do not want to leave and feel gypped because I checked in at 12:39. . . It's the best bed, the best linens and the best view. I would not change a thing in this brilliantly designed and decorated room except for this really ugly green leaf picture above the desk. That's bizarre and out of place.. . At the pool, which is stunning and enormous though a bit too warm at 84 degrees for real exercise, all I could think about was how my life would be complete if someday I cold afford 570 feet like this on the Upper East Side. . . The Vdara doesn't have its own casino and restaurants: you walk to the next place over--the Aria--for food and gambling. But this is like the non-Las Vegas Vegas resort. The bimbo factor is extremely low. Women look like professionals, except of course what I was told had to be hookers in the City Bar and on one couch going to the elevators. The two women were clownish with bad platinum extensions, horrific footwear (pink rhinestone platform heels about 6 or 7 inches) and fake tits which looked like they were made of steel. . . City Bar played SUCH great 1980s and 1990s music. No music in the Vdara is loud and I think if you're a mature 30-year-old or middle-aged (45 and up), this has to be the best game in town. . . Note: If you book through Travelzoo, they give you a not good room. In the words of the terrific man at the desk who took pity on me as I arrived like something the cat dragged in at 12:39 AM, you get the "suckiest room we have." Ha. But he gave me a room on the 6th floor and without the deal, it would have been 119 plus 25 resort fee. I paid 79 and 25. . . But even at 150/nt, it's a steal! It's  my DREAM APARTMENT (other than the unfortunate an inescapable fact that it's in Vegas and not CA/NY). . . Room service is predictably pricey. Market Cafe is not good: see my review this morning on the worst cup of coffee I've had in a restaurant or hotel in all my life and the deplorable service and high prices. But this is a minor problem. I'm sure there are other places to get coffee and Starbucks Via would be fine. You could come here and write, read, reflect in peace and use the kitchen to stock up on Whole Foods or the equivalent, making it a modestly-priced luxurious escape. . . I am in love and do NOT want to go back to CA at 8:35 PM. I could get so much reading and writing done here. I'd unplug and take a break in the pool and resume work. It may sound odd to come to Vegas to work (write), but I would love to bring 6 books here and catch up on reading. . . The ideal writer's retreat.
SO FANCY AND CLASSY HOTEL!. We stayed in VDARA SUITE for the weekend, although its a lil bit expensive but its worth every $$$$$ that we paid for. The receptionist, Robbie was so helpful and very accommodating, hats off to you!. Vdara suite is a 1 bedroom suite that has its own washer and dryer, a fancy kitchen and kitchenwares was provided to us as well,so no worries!nice!The bed was so comfortable and so floppy,made us sleep longer.. I'm gonna give credit to their valet staff, they were all professionals and accomodating as well!. We will come back again in this hotel, no doubt!
The joy of staying at a new, clean, and contemporary hotel is priceless. Well, not really priceless given you are in Las Vegas. After having stayed at the Vdara a few times over the years it's time for a attaboy. I had the pleasure to spend three nights in an executive corner suite for about $180 a night all in (including tax, resort fee, and whatever else they tack on these days). The 50th floor room has great views all over south Las Vegas. Vdara is a no-casino resort, which makes getting in and out easy and quick. It's a bit of hassle to get to Cosmo or Aria as there are not directly linked from within the property. . . I do enjoy the Vdara because they offer great rooms at affordable prices in the middle of the new center of Las Vegas. The 800+ sqft suite has well appointed amenities including a big fridge and washer/dryer combo. The perfect place to have 6-8 people over for pre-dinner entertainment. I noticed the staff to be very courteous from valet staff to house keeping to room service. . . Thank you Vdara for a great stay - we'll be back.
I stayed at Vdara this weekend and loved it! Vdara is a new hotel that is very clean and modern. The room we had was much bigger than the average hotel room. There's a entry room which includes: a microwave,  sink, oven top, fully stocked fridge, and cabinet space. After the entry room, you get to the bedroom which has a comfortable bed, a flat screen TV, a couch, and glass windows on one side; which provides you with a panoramic view of the city. The bathroom is huge and includes a large soaking bathtub, and a stand up shower. The room is equipped with dim lighting and button control curtains.. This hotel doesn't have a casino, but I found that refreshing. The last thing a person wants to do is get lost in the hotel that they're staying in. The fact that it didn't have a casino made it really easy for us to navigate through. . This hotel is very close to neighboring hotels, and it also includes a tram that takes you to Aria and the Bellagio. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and we would definitely stay here again.
Stayed here for my 27th birthday weekend    About a week ago and loved it. Our room was 47002. It was a comer suit that had wrap around windows throughout the room ! The view was amazing, day and night ! However the night view was my favorite due to the beautiful lights and Bellagio fountain show ! . . Aside from the amazing views the room was very modern, clean, simple and just fun to be in. The bed was comfy and big. The pillows were supper comfortable ! And the tv was perfect for watching a movie ($12) late at night when you come back to the room just tired and ready to rest and relax . The bathroom was pretty awesome too the bathtub was beautiful and inviting, just looking at it made you want to take a bath :) the room also had controllable curtain which was nice for privacy and also to keep the room dark in the morning to sleep in :) just the push of a button away.. . Room service was nice and convenient . The prices were steep but any dinner in Vagas is just getting to enjoy it in your own room was comfortable and relaxing. We tried the chicken wings and chicken strips one night (pretty good) and for breakfast we tried the breakfast burrito, French toast and tomato soup with sides of country potatoes. ( potatoes were kinda bland. Breakfast burrito was ok . The tomato soup was ok. The French toast was good. A little to sweet, I think the bread slices were pound cake ? ) every meal was brought up with pitchers of ice cold water and plates and sliver wear.. . Overall we had a great three night stay in Las Vegas. Vdara had a lot to due with it! Just a great place to come home to after days of long walks and nights of enjoying the nightlife ! Marquee at the Cosmopolitan was a good ten minute walk even if it was 3am with heels on lol worth it !
I love this hotel! I am never disappointed in their service and their willingness to make proper accommodations when requested. The rooms are spacious and clean with great views.  I also enjoy the fact that they don't have a casino in their lobby. . . This is my go to hotel each and every time that I am in Vegas.
Stayed at the Vdara Hotel last month and I was overwhelmed with the friendly staff and exceptionally clean room. I recommend if you're able to book more than 1 night...do so !!!
The best hotel we have ever stayed at & this review is long overdue. We stayed here over 2 years ago 1 week after we got engaged. The room was a dream come true. Huge, 2 bathrooms, doors that separate rooms...even a full size fridge!. . Love that it's a no gambling hotel. I hate the smell of smoke, so this hotel is perfect! :D
I wanted to book my room at a newer Las Vegas hotel and the Vdara is by far one of the better new ones. It is located next to Cosmopolitan and Aria. Here are the details:. . Pros:. -free valet parking.. -gym and spa.. -no casinos.. -priced competitively.. . Conclusion: New favorite hotel in Las Vegas
Still a great place to stay in Vegas. Location is prime since it's right next to Cosmopolitan. No casino, so you don't get the smoke smell. Lastly, they have added DOG friendly rooms! This is really great whenever I decide to take the pups to Vegas!!!
AWESOME. There are not many places in Vegas that are non smoking and you don't exit the elevator into the sound of slots. Vdara has both of those. add in great service, beautiful rooms, a great pool area, a well located property and competitive prices and you have a fantastic getaway in Vegas.
this wasn't my first time to Vegas but it was my first staying at Vdara.  For the past 15 years, since i turned 21, I've been to LV about 15+ times and each time i don't stayed at the same hotel because i wanted to try and experience all the nice one there.. . For the price that i paid recently for Weekdays stay of 2 nights, it was cheap for 5 Stars hotel.  I booked the 270 degree city corner suite after seeing a few YouTube video reviews of the room.  Let me tell you seeing the video is NOTHING COMPARED to the real thing.  This room is excellent condition being still new and the surrounding view INCLUDING in the bathroom was just additional PLUS to the whole experience.. . The bed bit dusty and so is the side table in the bedroom but it could probably mean not many people stay recently.  I'm sure it gets packed in holidays soon.  personally the cost of this in the holiday is ridiculous and i wouldn't pay for it BUT at the price level of $140/nt, it was great.. . the only downside i hate in LV with all the hotel is the resort fee of $25/nt plus tax (yah...no kidding) so came out to additional of $28 on top of the room cost BUT it did include 2 small water bottles a day and free wifi throughout the stay.. . I would stay here again, it's a NON-Casino hotel so very peaceful quiet, smoke free and easily connection to Aria across the street OR internal connection 5-7 mins walk to Bellagio.. . The pics to the room i stayed at was FREE upgrade to Executive Corner Suite vsthe regular one.  I asked the front desk for complimentary since it was my bday so the manager approved this room.  worked out great.  I would have been happy with the one i booked though cuz it was similar but minimal less sq ft than this.
This place is sweet. Complimentary valet, non smoking, need I say more?. . The breakfast is and guest services is amazing, me an my new fiance have no complaints.. The rates are great even during BIG weekends.. . Will return!
