As a Michigan native, I've had plenty of pasties, but this place takes the pasty to a whole new level.  The dough is perfectly crisp and flakey, and there is a pasty to satisfy any taste.  A whole page of awesome vegetarian options too.  But don't stop with the pasty.  Their side dishes and soups are also delishious, and they have an excellent beer selection.  . . From the outside, you would not expect this place to be so unique.  They're tucked off University in a strip mall, and half the time they forget to turn their sign on.  Don't let that fool you, they hold pretty late hours.  And, they're always busy so if there's more than two of you, be prepared to wait for a table.  The atmosphere is very casual and unpretentious.  The waitstaff is very friendly, and I think there's a mustache requirement for the guys.  From a seat at the counter, you can watch the kitchen prepare your meal.  It's pretty impressive how they operate in such tight quarters without burning or stabbing eachother.  . . Bottom line, this place rocks.
stumbled in looking for some late dinner on a Monday night.  I was skeptical because from the outside it look like the lights are out and walking in it's about the size of a hallway with a small room on the end.  I'm glad I persevered.. . The beer on tap  english and cold.  The pasty menu is impressive -25-30 types.  I chose the Veggie chicken tikka masala.  Nice spice and served with yogurt.  I'm not sure ti's worth the money without a side of some sort but it was damn good and filled me up especially when paired with a couple 20ouncers.  The staff is cool and the music choices rock.  i know I heard some Nick Cave and some Tom Waits.. . Left with an order of oven baked fries.  Cooked beautifully.  only complaint is that the jalapenos shold have been some kind of covering instead of served next to them BUT that said the peppers were fresh and hot and minced so fell nicely into the ketchup.. . Can't wait to try and grab some for the flight back tomorrow night.
My favorite pasty has been, and always will be, the vegetarian chicken tikka masala. This is not to say that I don't enjoy the other pasties - because I do, very much. But I'll always love the Tikka. The filling tastes like it was made by a short and plump Indian woman, not the tattooed hipsters behind the bar. (I'm okay with that.). . The beer selection is great - including the brews on tap. Plus, $3 car bombs, always. $9-15 bucks later you're feeling like a champion, depending on your alcohol tolerance. . . If you show up with more than two people, plan on waiting a little for a table, or just sit at the bar. But you will enjoy yourself!
Amazing food. One of my favorites in Tempe. So many options to choose from. I recently tried The Pilgrim. It's Thanksgiving dinner wrapped in warm pastry bread. Delicious!
This is my favorite restaurant in tempe! . . MUST TRIES!!. - Italian Cornish Pasty (new:) ). - chocolate bread budding. . . This is literally one of the best restaurants i have ever been to and it is so cute and small and the staff is sooooo friendly. Please try this place, i guarantee you will love it!!
A few of us from work went here for lunch one day. What a treat! Cornish Pasty is a small little place, but the food is just the opposite. Each of our dishes was more than we could eat in one sitting. I had the Cajun Chicken Pasty and it was perfect! Not too spicy, full of bacon and the side of chipotle was amazing! Totally worth more than the $8 for size and deliciousness!. . The staff was super friendly and once we sat down, they were right there to take our order. The wait time was pretty short. However, we got there at around 11:30am, and by noon there were no more seats available. Obviously the rest of Tempe knows just how great this place is. So if you want a seat, be sure to get there early or be prepared to wait. If you do wait though, it's totally worth it.
I don't get to the U.K. often enough, so this place is a bit o' for me: just enough $$ spent on keeping the inspector from shutting the place down, the rest of the hard-earned margin goes into the owners' pockets. . . I have no idea what this long sliver of a place used to be, but it's become heaven for publovers since - a bar that stretches all the way east to Apache Junction with barstools stretching all the way back to the Flintstones, and teensy little 2fer tablet-tables squeezed into the longwall across. . . Seemingly dozens of line cooks doubling as servers, seemingly dozens of taps serving wonderful fermented grains, and the meat, fish and veggie pies - my island ancestors never had it so good!
I can't say I've ever had British food before but if pasties are a good representation of British food, I'm a huge fan!. . My boyfriend and I came here day after our half marathon run right.  Wewere looking for something tasty and different to try in Arizona before we headed back to San Fran.  Based on the reviews, we picked this place and didn't regret it one bit.. . I had the Chicken Tikka Masala which was perfectly cooked.  Don't know how they do it but everything was perfectly seasoned, the chicken was very tender, and the potatoes perfectly cooked.  Great meal in a pocket, my favorite kind of easy to eat fair. . . My boyfriend was disappointed that they ran out of the peppered steak.  His frown was turned upside down soon enough after he had first few bites of his back-up order, Rosemary steak.  I had a bite and it was definitely was really well seasoned, beef was tender, and the flavor combination was great!. . Thank goodness I planned ahead for dessert.  I only finished half of mine so I could have room for their chocolate bread and butter pudding which did not disappoint.  We had it with creme anglaise and it was a delicious decadent chocolate goodness.  Be warned, the chocolate brandy is very strong in this one.. . On the service side, it wasn't a busy day and our waiter was super nice, attentive, and the food came at a reasonable time for it to be freshly made to order. . . Overall a great experience, and I'll definitely come back to try a few other pasties.
I've eaten here twice, and both times enjoyed myself immensely.. .   First, note that this is the smaller location; the one in Mesa has more tables and space. This one is closer to me, so this is the one I go to, but if you are looking to have a large group, you may wish to go to the Mesa location.. .    That said, I really like this one. The mood is very raw, because of the small size, even at a table you can see the cooks behind the bar, hear the clatter and clang of the kitchen. That said, you can still have conversations here without issue; you just have a bit of background noise.. .    The food, though...the food is spectacular. Seriously, look at that menu, look at those pictures. The first time I was there I had the chicken tikka masala pasty. Not as good chicken tikka as a straight up Indian restaurant, of course, but still phenomenal, and the pasty just made it that much better. I also snagged the bananoffee pie. It could easily provide dessert for two people; I ate the whole thing. It was just that good. Not too sweet, very banana-y.... .    Eat here. It's really that simple. . .    Also, as a tip, there's a parking lot 'round the back that is usually not full, unlike the one on the front. And, though the address is off of University Drive, the front is really facing Hardy. Threw me a bit the first time I was looking for it.
amazing!
What the... I came to this page to send the URL to someone to show them how awesome CPC is, and Yelp was waving the Write Review button at me. I haven't done this already?. . Weird. Maybe I just love CPC so much I thought the sheer force of my gastrointestinal passion for the place would write the review for me. Apparently not. But my love for this place abounds.. . I'm not a veggietarian, but I do like a good veggie dish when available. CPC has a fantastic line of veggie pasties that many carnivores like just fine. Try the classic Oggie and Bangers & Mash, or my fave the Tikka Marsala.  They have several tasty beers on tap to keep any spicy choices under control, so cut loose!
Before I went to this lovely hole in the wall I had never even heard of a pasty -- I actually read about this place on yelp and wanted to give it a try!  They have a great British vibe with a very eclectic feel to it. . . Great beer selection.  I knew I was going to love this place when I saw that they had Strongbow on draft :). . I usually get Cottage PIe or Bangers/Mash... you can't go wrong with either of those.  Theirgreek salad is amazing too... and definitely go for the garlic 'oven chips' if you go there... very tasty!  . . My mouth is watering just writing this review  :)
Not sure what more I can add. Perfect space with a mining vibe. Perfect 80's metal soundtrack. Perfect fresh ingredients cooked on demand. How this place ended up in Phoenix - a suburb of Phoenix even - rather than the Village or Tribeca is amazing. Don't forget the apps: curried potatoes!
A few weeks ago on a cool rainy day a friend and I were thinking of a place to grab lunch.  He asked me what I was in a mood for and I said "some place cozy".  . . With his awesome mind reading skills he figured I meant a place that had soup, hot sandwiches, and a relaxed atmosphere.  Cornish Pasty Co. was just the place!  Great food and they have something for everyone.
This is some of the best food in Tempe.  I didn't find this place until I had lived in the area for 3 years.  I wish I knew about it sooner, because I only got about 6 months of this before I had to move.  The recipes are great and they are very vegetarian friendly.  The dessert ones are great, and the drink specials are awesome too.  Always cheap irish car bombs.
Very good! They offer 32 ounce draft beers, $1 off during happy hour, most are around 8 bucks. The pastys are awesome. Had the cajun chicken with ham, bacon, swiss, and chipotle sauce, it was great. The pesto chicken with mozzarella, mushrooms, and artichokes, with marinara on the side was solid as well. Will return again. Small seating area, groups of 4 would be the max I would recommend without split seating.
There aren't many great "hole-in-the-wall's" in the Tempe area, but man, Cornish Pasty Co. definitely falls into that category.
imagine hot pockets on steroids the good ones that B Bonds took
Although I've only been here once, I do plan on returning when I find time. I found this little hot spot to be very appetizing. Its a great atmosphere, amazing food, and the service is fairly speedy... and attractive :) . . will write more when i return for seconds!
I give credit where it is deserved, so thanks, Sean M, for introducing me to this place.. . I love Cornish Pasty Co. The entrees are almost like hot pockets, which excites me. Normally when I come here I order the Eggplant Parmesan Pasty. It is so delicious! I could probably continuously eat them even though I am stuffed! No, Tabatha, you need to contain yourself. . . The service is great and friendly. I really love to come here.
One of the best dining experiences we had in Phoenix. And what a surprise, without Yelp we would have never found this wonderful "hole in the wall" in a space the width of a bowling alley. I had The Italian which was Pepperoni, salami, ham, mozzarella, basil, tomatoes & marinara wrapped in a delicious pastry shell. Imagine a gourmet hot pocket. Mmmmmmmmmmmm
I had the lamb vindaloo - speechless.... . OK, OK - not entirely speechless.  I will add that if you like Indian food you'll love this and the only other thing I need say is that it is a little spicy.. . I'm just saying - it was amazing.
Always one of my favorite places to eat.  If you dont like crowded places, try their restaurant at Dobson and Guadalupe...more space same great selection.  Here's another suggestion:  Throw a Pasty Party.   They do catering as well.  We had a great party with two of each flavor of pasties.. Great fun!
Had another great meal here...their desserts are amazing as well..all of them : )
if you havent been here then i am sorry. the food is beyond description and requires that you eat it before we can talk in any detail about its yum factor. let it be said that the royale with cheese it a masterpiece.. excellent choices for beer as well.. service is very good and has loads of character.
First of all, this place has almost 400 reviews and sits at 4+ stars. . . Right there says: EAT HERE! This place rocks. . . Granted I like to eat at their other location: more room, out door seating, more romantic...etc. But every once in a while i mingle over here. . . Their hibiscus tea is amazing, no sugar needed. . I love love their broccoli cauliflower bake as an appetizer. Fresh broccoli and cauliflower topped with a creamy cheese mixture and baked HOT. Their NEW soup...OMG...its a, shit cant remember its name, like a jalapeno red pepper corn something spicy hot soup. Its awesome! Only get a cup though, cuz you need to save room for their pasty. . . I actually have a take out menu in my car, i am slowly crossing off everything i try. They have a large variety, so any mixture you may enjoy, they have. Take some time with the menu. . . Desserts usually never have room for them...
First impression....Strip mall, hole in the wall.  . . Door opens-I enter and notice that it has its own unique flare......and then the smell hits and I'm in love.  Once the food is delivered I realize no it's not love, I'm in heaven!!!!. . Both locations are awesome.  Cheers to beer list
What a treasure this place is. The Pasty is easy; they take amazing stuff and cook it in pastry dough. There's a big, big menu, and it's easy to pick what you will like. There's enough detail in the description that if you like the filling, you'll like the pasty. . . Great bar and lots nice salads and apps. Try the oven chips. . . Sit at the near end of the bar and watch them make these pockets. Amazing.
I was feeling like reliving my Irish days on St. Patty's Day but had no desire to do so with the drunken American idiots that frequent bars for artificial food coloring added to their watered down brew. Strictly speaking Cornwall is far far away from Dublin, but it was close close to where I was working on St. Patty's this year, and I knew I wouldn't likely run into green beer. . . Bingo. I have often done delivery of CPC 'samazing grub, but shockingly have never been inside. I was impressed. Mid day darkness isn't my usual m.o. but I was diggin it. Narrow and cozy, it truly was like going back to Ireland. It was the closest thing to a pub I have seen in AZ.. . I ordered my Manger's Cider at the bar overlooking the kitchen and chatted with the kitchen staff: friendly young guys who were enjoying life. I am a fan of enjoying life while you are working, and I am always sure to have a good meal when the staff is doing so. Got a chicken pot pie pasty, chips with malt vinegar. Good stick to your ribs lunch fare. Red wine gravy was two thumbs up caliber.. . Expensive, came to 21 bucks with tip, more than my usual lunch budget allows, but ok for a splurge. . . I feel I did my Irish duty and definitely think this lunch counts for more than a green tie.. . out.
I've been coming here since they opened.  It's always reminded me of the narrow downtown bars found up in Seattle, not sure why.. . Love the food though.  If I'm feeling cheap, I'll get the Oggie & a Mickey's.  On good days, the Lamb and Mint & a Smithwicks.. . The owner is a beer lover for sure, don't go here if you want cheap domestic (Bud & Miller).  Try a good English or German brew instead.
New type of place for me with giant, not frozen, hotpockets? I'm down. Was excellent and the service great also. Been back twice since going here a couple months ago. . . Is really small so plan on a wait. Or go to the Mesa one which is huge compared to the Tempe location.
The place is awesome. Real cozy and busy. The people were really cool and the food was great.
When I first started researching some food options for my trip to Arizona, Cornish Pasty Company kept popping up. At first I tried to ignore it, but eventually curiosity got the best of me. So many rave reviews about this  'glorified hot pocket'. I'm thinking, yes I like hot pockets, but I don't know if I could take that affinity to the restaurant level. . . Cornish Pasty Company happened to be literally less than a mile from our hotel so we had to check it out. We got there right before the dinner rush and barely waited for a seat at the bar. I decided on the chicken tikka masala and the bf got the peppered steak. He was intrigued by the bleu cheese. We were both happy with our orders. There is a decent wait from the time you order, but just think of every minute going towards a perfectly baked pasty. Now I understand how people can compare it to a hot pocket. This is the epitome of hot pockets and I can't find the words to a description that justifies how good it is. . . Our waitress and the kitchen guy we chatted up were both suuuper nice. The waitress was very attentive and quick. The place itself is pretty dark (literally, dim lighting) and has that euro dive bar feel to it. I enjoyed sitting at the bar, feeling like a local and watching the kitchen staff work those ovens. . . The food alone would have gotten me to love them. To top it off, they have THREE DOLLAR irish car bombs!!! Their receipt even says "IRISH CAR BOMB... F... YEAH" haha, they definitely know what's up. . . No doubt I'll be back for more the next time I'm in the area.
They don't serve food, they serve sex on a plate. At first glance the place looks like a hallway but it's really a flavor factory hidden away between two buildings no one cares about because those places don't have Pasty's. The service is fast , friendly, and the music is off the chain.  The food is not to be forgotten though, there are so many selections of Pasty variations that anyone with any craving will loose all control of there facial expressions. I only wish the place was bigger, there have been times when I've  had to wait for a space to open up but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  That time allowed me  to prepare myself for the nirvana inducing flavorgasm that is The Cornish Pasty Company.
Eat here.  Just go and eat here.  . IT. IS. AWESOME!!!!
This place is so awesome! You feel like you're in a little, off beat restaurant in Chicago or New York, instead of Phoenix! The service is very friendly. It's a small place but the food is excellent and big! If you've never had a pasty, you must try it! It's like a pastry filled with love! . . I usually get the Cajun Chicken Pasty which is filled with spicy chicken, bacon, ham and swiss cheese! Today I'm trying the pork sausage, potatoes and cheese!
Best Pasty in AZ!  I love the vegetarian Mexican.  It can get pretty packed during lunch may want to call ahead if your in a hurry.
I seem to be attracted to restaurants that sell fancy versions of my favorite cheap eats.. (hello Republic Ramen Noodles!). . . Anywho, I decided to check out Cornish Pasty Co based on the fact that my friends seemed to go there a lot, and I had heard nothing but good things about this restaurant. Last night we went, around dinner rush. The place was packed and I didnt know it was a "seat yourself" establishment. Our server directed us all the way to the back where we shared a table with some other people. This place has a really cozy feel, its definitely not a restaurant fit for large groups of people. I went with my boyfriend and his brother. I got the Lovely Bit o' Salmon pasty, boyfriend got the Meat & Cheese, and his brother got the Cajun Chicken. We also ordered the oven chips. It took a bit to get our food, but I didn't really mind. When we finally got our order, it was well worth the wait. The Salmon pasty (filled with salmon, asparagus, red potatoes, tomatoes and spinach) was delicious.. especially that dill sauce it came with. The oven chips were amazing as well! My boyfriend and his brother absolutely loved their pasties as well. I even got to try the meat & cheese.. WOW. So good. I'm a sucker for anything cheesy! . . Atmosphere wise, the place is really laid back, I liked how a lot of the people there had tattoos and I didnt feel like myself or any of the people I was with were being judged..sometimes we get treated differently just based off the fact that we have tattoos at places which is a big bummer! I did notice this place must be a hipster hangout since I saw a gaggle of them going out the back door, hahaha. . . I will definitely be back, as long as I'm good on my diet the rest of the week.. hahah.
The first time I tried Cornish Pasty was about two years ago, and it rocked. I just went again last week with the boyfriend, and it impressed me so much again the second time again I felt compelled to yelp about it!. . We arrived there at around 6pm on a Friday night. Luckily, we grabbed the last table of two without having to wait at all! As many previous reviewers have mentioned, this place is not good for large parties. There are four 2-seater tables along the right side of their narrow dining room, a full service bar along the left side, and a couple slightly larger tables that seat 4 along the back, and that's it. . . The atmosphere is offbeat and funky. It's pretty dark in there, so it feels like a cave, but in a good way. Like you stumbled into the lair of a friendly Giant who happens to bake the best damn pasties you've ever had on the reg, and wants to share. . . Service was quick and friendly. We started off with a large house salad to split with their house lemon pesto vinaigrette dressing. Yum!  It was more than enough for two people to share for a first course - we could barely even finish it. . . I ordered the Shepherd's Pie pasty with the minted lamb, and OMG. This thing was fantastic. It took my experience to the next level. Oozing cheese, garlicky mashed potatoes, crispy buttery pastry crust, and this amazing seasoned lamb. I had the Pilgrim pasty the first time I ate here a few years ago, and it was very good, but this Shepherd's pie pasty blew it out of the water. Not to mention the red wine gravy served with it. NOM NOM NOM. . . I was so stuffed after eating half our salad and half of my huge pasty that I absolutely HAD to say no to dessert (note: this is very unlike me :)). The next time I go (and there WILL be a next time, and soon) I plan to try either the banoffee pie or the cinnamon apple pasty!. . Bottom line: This place is excellent. Reasonable prices for very generous portions, there are plenty of options and definitely something for everyone. If you have yet to try it, check it out the next time you are in the Tempe area! . . Bonus: you'll probably even have leftovers to take home and enjoy later!
This has become my "go to" place in Tempe.  At this point I've had probably half of the items on the menu and have not been disappointed once.  They have Union Jack IPA on draft which, if you like IPA's, really can't be beat.  Brandon (I believe is the manager) is always friendly, attentive and helpful.  I hate to recommend this place because it's packed enough already - but hey, they deserve the business.
This place is awesome. Great food, tons of vegetarian options, usually very good service. It is small, so be prepared to possibly wait for a seat or choose to sit at the bar for faster service. They also have great Irish car bombs here. . . Don't pass up the dessert pasties either...the apple one is yummy!
Love at first sight. Lust at first bite. And now I'm drunk with a red curry pasty infatuation. I don't know how it could have taken me so long to eat here, I've been eyeing this place since I moved here 3 years ago. This is my jam. This is what I look for in an eatery. This is where I want to hide out, drink beers and chat with my tatoo artist about the next ink-scursion.. . Small, narrow, dark, perfect level of noise, good music, cool waitstaff, fun kitchen peeps, inexpensive, and friggin delicious. At 9:30 pm there was a line of about 10 people waiting for tables. Yep the food is that good and the joint is that cool.. . New mission: try every veggie pasty on the menu and all sweet pasties.
This place was a winner.  I don't eat around Tempe too often and when I do I'd like that experience to be unique.  I was looking for a place to grab some good food and a couple beers before a concert so I checked out Yelp and it did not lead me astray.. . To me, a place like this is why Yelp needs to exist.  It was not in the most obvious location and when the group I was with went to walk in the front door we almost didn't know we were in the right place.  Let's just say their limited space is used very efficiently.  For what this place lacks in size, it makes up in character.. . Inside it was kind of dark with some chairs lining the bar long the open kitchen and on the other wall a few small tables.  We found our spot in the back which was probably the only table big enough for 6 people.  The place was full and the noise level was just right; busy, but comfortable to have some lively dinner conversation. (Especially after some Irish Car Bombs.). . Their draft beer selection stuck to the UK theme with a lot of beers from that region.  I was especially surprised to see some Strongbow Cider.  They also had a few good micro brews from places like Firestone and Rogue.  Between that selection and the 32 oz. monster glasses they'd serve it in, this place was already a winner.. . Most importantly, their food was excellent.  I had the TIki Masala pasty and my wife had the Chicken Greek.  The Tiki Masala would be a great dish served by itself in an Indian restaurant.  Put it in a pasty and it's game over.  I tasted my wife's Chicken Greek which I probably wouldn't have picked as one of my own top choices to order and it was awesome.. . We unanimously agreed this place was great and we had a laugh about some review around here that compared it to a Hot Pocket.  LOL.  I'll have to save that one under, "Knowing about good food - FAIL!"
Theee best Shepard's pie around!!!
From the outside you would never expect such a comfortable and friendly little bar. The food is fantastic, music is always great and I love the ambiance that comes with such a tiny and dark little bar. That may be a complaint for some but it feels so much more comfortable and inviting to me. The wait can sometimes be long but it is worth completely worthwhile. I'm very excited for the expansion project to get underway, this restaurant is perfect.
The Cornish Pasty is so full of awesome that it is really hard to describe it's awesome awesomeness. It's kind of hipstery so i can't say that i'm their target audience but whatever. I goes and eats where i please. I just throw a few butterfly sticker-tattoos on various parts of my body and blend right in.. . I like places with a character and this place has it in spades.  The cooks/waiters/waitresses are friendly and the pastys are good eats! . I must warn that they are more filling that you would think. . . Good beer good food! Ridiculously cheap (knock back a few Rogues for me) The dark lighting also makes your friends look sooo much better.. . win win.  and win.
This place was awesome!! I had never had a pasty before going here, and it was definitely worth all of the hype I saw on yelp. The ambiance was the first thing I noticed when I walked it. It's a very long, dimly lit restaurant with limited seating if you're not into sitting at a bar (which, I don't mind). One of the servers was quick to notice our group right away, and provided us with drinks as we waited for a place to sit. The beer was very diverse and exciting, which made me extra happy. The grub was great... I got the pork with mashed potatoes pasty with a red wine dipping sauce. I have to agree with past reviews and say that the dipping sauce was delicious! Next time I'm in Tempe, I'll be making my way back to this place.
I love coming to Cornish Pasty.. . I usually order the Rosemary Chik'n Pasty and it is absolutely amazing. I can come here for lunch, dinner or even just for a beer. They have a decent number of beers on tap most of which are pretty tasty. . . I give this place 5 stars hands down!
Just ate there for my first time and it was delicious. Great, friendly staff and the food was phenominal! I had the Carne Advocada, which was superb (tasty with a little heat that lingers), and the PB&J Pasty dessert (absolutely amazing). I will definitely come back (when I'm back in town).
Great pastry filled goodness. Had the Bangers and Mash. Excellent!
I came back! I missed Sherly Temple's Pudding!!! The flavor still the same as the first time I ate! Awsome!!!
Incredible concept and awesome food. I hit this place everytime I'm in Phoenix. The service is attentive and friendly. I'll be back soon.
I love Cornish Pasty. The atmosphere, the service, and the food are all wonderful! It does have a pub feel and can get a little loud with how busy it gets, so I wouldn't recommend going here if you're looking for a quiet dinner. The pasties are very nicely priced with how much food you get. Honestly, I usually take half of it home to eat later (if you do take it home, I'd recommend heating it up in the toaster oven). If you need pasty recommendations, I'd recommend the cajun, portobello mushroom, and cheese steak. The desserts are also delicious. So, in conclusion, come into Cornish Pasty and enjoy the world of classy hot pockets.
Awesome Pasty's!!  So many pasty options! A bit dark inside but, great spot for a cold winter day... great concept and delivery! I will stop by anytime I'm within 50 miles! Where is the pasty shop in SF??!
Been coming here 7 years and have never been dissapionted! The best shepards pie in town! Might be a little crowded but its worth the wait! Get the shepards pie! Cornish pasties are like a pastry filled with whatever you want! They have an assortment of fillings to satisfy yur taste buds! From Greek and Italian to my favorite the Shepards Pie! Mashed potatoes, ground beef, cheese, onions and peas and carrots all baked in a delicious pasty! The red wine dipping sauce is spectacular and is the perfect addition! You'll want to eat it by itself! It's set up like waffle house so you can watch them cook yur meal right in front of you while sitting at the bar or you can grab an intimate table off to the side. Great for lunch business parties or a friday night date! And don't forget the cold Boddington on tap! Yay! My fave! Service is great and the cooks put on a good music selection from their iPods. It can get a little loud and crowded and dress is casual. They opened up a new one in Mesa but I haven't been there yet. Cornish pasty is a must!!
I love this place... too!   They have the best red curry pasty i have ever eaten.   I wish you had a place in north phoenix though as the drive is a bit far.   In addition to the pastys i really like all the sides such as the rutabaga, and the stilton soup.  Yum!   This place delivers on all counts.
My gf and I just tried the Oggie bc we werent super hungry.  Even with that, the food was super yummy.  I wonder what would happen to us if we are actually starving.  the sauce that came with the Oggie was excellent too, so I suggested that you shouldnt eat the pasty without the sauce.  The decoration in the store is quite unique: church pews and wall and table deocrations.  It's a must go if you are around the area.
Words cannot begin to describe the glory that is this fine establishment. Never had bad service or a bad meal. These puff pastry stuffed bundles of heaven erupt with surgically precise flavor combinations that leave me speechless every single time. . . My new favorite is the Lamb & Mint, a delicious combination of succulent and juicy lamb, perfectly sliced potatoes, rutabaga, and of course, the fresh mint sprigs make for a truly transcendental dining experience. . . After tasting more than 3/4 of their menu, I have yet to taste a single thing that wasn't perfectly cooked, perfectly spiced, or perfectly paired with their exquisite red wine gravy. I could drink that delicious concoction by the gallon. . . The vegetarian pasties are undeniably good as well, the Eggplant Parmesan is a worldly experience that I could eat any time, any day. It stuffs the best bits of the garden into a mozzarella, marinara and Parmesan wrapped envelope of goodness that has to be tasted to be appreciated.. . The Cream of Leek, Potato and Stilton Cheese soup is out of this world, the Garlic & Herb Roasted Red Mashed Potatoes with Cheese make all other mashed potato dishes taste like dehydrated flake garbage, and the desserts (if you can find any more room in your belly for awesome) are the food of gods. The PB&J Pasty or the Banoffee Pie make me want to live in this restaurant until the day I die.. . The location is being renovated currently to expand into the adjacent building, which is a welcomed change as the intimate dining area admittedly cramped on busy days. Though it is a wondrous experience to watch the staff prepare their pasties mere feet from your seat, it will really do well to have a few more tables. Sit at the bar if at all possible for the best dining experience.. . I wish I could give CPC 6 stars simply because the other places I've deemed worthy of 5 stars simply cannot compare. On top of all this, the unparalleled drinking specials, 32 oz steins, and $3 car bombs every day make this not only a wonderful place to eat, but a perfect spot to pickle the liver as well.
This place is super awesome! Lamb and Mint was delicious, I recommend trying something new each time... I received excellent service, and every staff member I encountered was unique and friendly; and really seemed to fit in with the "mood" of the place.. . Seating inside is a little awkward, I believe there's just a bunch of pews lined up and from time to time you'll get sat right next to a family that likes to use their elbows.. . Deserts are to die for: Try the Peanut Butter and Jelly Pasty!
love this place. the atmosphere is fun, the place is packed every time I go with my vegetarian friend. so many choices, I want to try them all! service is fast, likely because it's do popular that they want to move people thru once you finish eating. and to be polite, once done, it's friendly to give your table to the next famished folks. :)
One of the best restaurants in PHX.  Hot Pockets and Beer?  Yes, please.
Another delish outing at my favorite whole in the wall.  Three pastys and two Liters of beer for under $50.  Cheap and satisfying lunch for my work force!
All these yelpers couldn't be wrong! This place is deeeeelish! Some many different options, it's hard to choose a pastry. Not sure if u could go wrong on any of them.... The beer selection is pretty decent. The secret beer is a hazelnut brown ale (rogue brewery). It's not really a secret it's just not on the menu, but it's amazing. Normally im not a fan of rogue, but whatever. We had the banoffee for dessert! They whipped the cream as we ordered, it was perfect. The service was ok, we seemed to have 3 ppl serving us. The female was def. less attentive, but the boys were on point.This place is absolutely worth trying but don't expect any thing fancy. If they changed anything it would lose it's charm. Nothing else like it in az.
Finally. Finally!!! A solid British pub. Service was great (more than I can say for some actual pubs in London) and food was absoflippinlutely stellar. We shared the Shepard's Pie, Bangers and Mash, and the broccoli cauliflower cheese bake (yes, there were leftovers). It was impossible to pick a favorite and this will definitely be on my go-to list when in Tempe. The beer list is superb and I had a hard time choosing as there were so many of my favorites from overseas travel. My only wish? Murphy's on tap.
I am reviewing the original Tempe location.  Given all the great reviews this place has gotten, I was wondering what I could add that hasn't already been said.  It's not only the only place in Tempe you can get a cornish pasty, but they are also freak'n awesome.  The Lovely Bit of Salmon was my favorite, but alas given my newly discovered gluten intolerance I am not able to part-take in such loveliness any more:  :(. . But nevertheless, I still come here every now and then with my friends and husband.  They all chow down on the yummy pasties while I chow down on my salads, sides, and soups.  So, I decided to concentrate my review on those items. (Some of these dishes are not gluten free.  I had them before I found out about my gluten intolerance.) . . Soups:. They offer a variety of soups.  I have tried: 1) the cream of leek, potato, and stilton, 2) the cream of tomato and crouton, and 3) the red pepper, black bean, rice, chicken, and jalapeno.  They were all very good, but I was informed that only the red pepper one is gluten free.  I had the first two before I found out about my gluten intolerance.  Not only are their soups really tasty, full of flavor, they are all also accompanied by thick slices of fresh bread and butter, baked and churned in-house.  Absolutely delicious!  The are perfect accompaniments, and a bowl at $4.75 would make a tasty and light lunch that won't break the bank.  . . Sides: . The garlic mashed potatoes and the garlic roasted potatoes are also very good.  Pretty much what you should expect.  Creamy mashed potatoes and nicely roasted red potatoes with a hint of garlic.  Not too garlicky.  . . The mushy peas is one of my favorite side dishes that they serve.  I think I prefer them to the potatoes simply because they are something different that I can't get anywhere else.  And these ain't  no ordinary peas.  They are huge for peas.  Cooked really well.  Not too mushy (overcooked), even though they are "mushy" peas. There is a great texture and freshness to this dish.  The texture of these "mushy peas" is more like crunchy peanut butter than creamy peanut butter if we were speaking of peanut butter that is (it's an analogy. . . just go with it), and I think the freshness and the texture go hand in hand from not overcooking the peas.  . . The broccoli and cauliflower cheese bake is also a nice dish.  It makes me think of mac'n cheese, but with cauliflower and broccoli instead of mac noodles.  I dont think this dish is gluten free.  It seems to be made with a cheese sauce that is thickened with a flour rue, then baked to give a nice golden, crusted top.  It was tasty as well, but could have used a bit more seasoning.  It was my least favorite of all the sides I have had. . . All their salads are also pretty good.  The veggies in the salad are pretty much the same regardless of which salad you get: ice berg lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions.  Except for the Greek and pasta.  The Greek has feta and olives, and the pasta has a whole list of its own ingredients.  . . What differentiates the various salads are the additions and the dressing.  Beside the basic garden and Greek, the three other salads to choose from are: 1) the salmon or chicken caesar, 2) the chicken tikka salad, and 3) the sausage salad.  The salmon caesar is a great substitute for the Lovely Bit of Salmon pasty.  The salmon is cooked very well.  Juicy, not overcooked and not undercooked, seasoned just like the salmon in the Lovely Bit of Salmon.  Ask for a side of the white wine and dill dressing that usually accompanies the Lovely Bit of Salmon and you will not regret it.  That sauce is amazing.  This is my favorite salad. The chicken tikka is also good.  The chicken is marinated in a red rub or spice, like what you would find with tandoori chicken, and served on a salad with yogurt dressing.  Finally, the sausage salad was not my favorite.  They make the sausage in house, but I was a bit disappointed with the flavor and the way it was cooked.  It was overcooked, very dry, and a bit off.  I'm not sure if I would order it again.  I've had it twice and it was the same both times.. . Overall, this is one of the best restaurants in Tempe!
Cornish Pasty Company is one of my favorite local restaurants.. . A pasty is a sort of like a gourmet hot pocket, that actually tastes really good, and was invented in England.. . The Cornish Pasty Company has dozens of tasty options, with my favorites being "The Porky", "Bangers and Mash", and "Chicken Pot Pie". . . The Porky consists of pork, potatoes, apples, onion, and sage, with a side of red wine gravy.. . The Bangers and Mash pasty consists of pork and sage sausage, red wine gravy, grilled onions, mashed potatoes, and comes with a side of gravy. . . The Chicken Pot Pie Pasty has chicken, carrots, red potato, green beans, celery, with a thyme and chicken gravy.. . They also have one of the best and most unique beer menus available with an awesome mix of domestic micro brews and great European options.. . They also have a pretty good happy hour every day, even on weekends.. . Unique menu, great food, and awesome beer selection, gives the Cornish Pasty Company five stars.
I'm such a friggin' idiot that I just recently discovered this joint. . . Hands down, my new favorite place to eat.  On our first visit, I tried the original 'auggie', which is essentially steak and potatoes.  It was fresh, hot, seasoned perfectly and absolutely melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  A decent cut of meat and it went along perfectly with the red wine sauce pairing.  Thewife had the chicken pot pie and loved it.  The proverbial cherry on the top was the dessert PB&J sangwhich.  Best.thing.ever.. . Oh and they have a great beer menu.  This place rocks!
MAN! I lived in the UK for a while, and when I came home about six years ago, I came to the startling realization that the odds of having a proper pasty ever again were next to nothing.. . Then I moved to Arizona. And here, of all places, is the Cornish Pasty Company. And their pasties are SPOT ON.. . If you've ever had a pasty from the West Cornwall Pasty Co. in the UK, you'll recognize the pasties on CPC's menu. They have your traditional steak and swede (CPC: The Oggie), Pork and Apple, and other familiar favorites. They also have some of their own creations, which sound amazing.. . I ordered the Oggie. Husband ordered the Meat (housemade sage sausage) and Cheese. Outstanding flavor, texture, and overall eatability. They're huge--we each took half home and they heated up fabulously in the oven at 350F the next day.. . DON'T SKIP DESSERT! The Banoffee Pie is a favorite across the pond and an absolute must-try. It's incredibly rich--and incredibly large--so plan to share between two or more!. . Oh, and hey--the service is outstanding, and the prices can't be beat. Win, win, win!
Fun place!
greatest place.  despite it being in a bit of a sketchy neighborhood- we saw two women walking in the parking lot with laundry baskets on their heads - i thought i was in a nat geo special!  - and it being really, really small and dark - i like it. . amazing vegetarian options - in fact, i think they have most of their regular options in vegetarian form.  and great beer on tap.  you don't mind waiting a while since it does take a while to bake these when you have a good beer to drink.  . they even have the pastys raw so you can take them home and cook them there.  . i highly recommend this place.   now all i ask is that you open one near desert ridge!!. also..like i said, have some time to spare, since it does take a while for them to bake the food.
This place has been on my "must try" list for quite some time, but since it's pretty far from where I live, we hadn't made the trek down there... until now... since we had nothing better to do on a lazy Labor Day weekend, we got in the new car and headed down to give this place a try. It was a drive, but BOY was it worth it! . . Love, love, love the unique vibe of this place. It reminded me of Bison Witches (near U of A in Tucson), but WAY better. The inside was small, but we made it before the lunch crowd so it's all good. We ordered the bangers n' mash and chicken tikka masala pasty. First of all, the pastry is awesome.. I'm pretty sure anything stuffed into that would blow your mind, but given they have a huge selection of great inserts that only increases the loveliness of the pastry. I'm not sure anything is better than a cold beer and one of these bad boys. They are so unique and extremely well done. . . This place is a keeper for sure... I can't wait to go back and give some other varieties a whirl. Based on the reviews, I've got to sample some dessert as well... yay!
Great food-CHECK. Great vibe-CHECK. Great staff-CHECK. Theres not many places that will make me go and have more of their great food two days after i went for the first time.. Until a few weeks before i went to the Cornish pasty i didnt even know what a pasty was....until my Michigan roommates told me. So i gave it a try, what hooked me was the spicy chicken asiago pasty, its out of this world....i think their crust is their main key ingridient, its tasty, light and flaky.. My second time there i tried the chicken masala and it was great for my spicy taste but it may be too spicy for most people. I also had the cajun pasty and it was equally great, the ham inside have it an unexpected pleasant flavor.. If you havent been there, you are not making yourself any favors, this hole in the wall is every bit as good as its 5-star rating and prob more!
The CPC is about a block from my condo.  Since I moved to Tempe, I've gained about 15lbs.  I'm fairly certain a large portion of this has to do with this restaurant.  When I cut myself shaving, I bleed red wine gravy.. . I frequent CPC more than I should.  Guilty as charged.  The food is just...so damn good.  I'm also a fan of their dfraft beer selection.  32oz mugs of Hoegaarden or Dead Guy ale?  Yes, please.. . I've turned many people on to the wonders of this place.  Out of all of my friends that tried it, the only one that didn't fully appreciate it was the one that had a lap band.  I don't recommend this place if your stomach is the size of a walnut because there will be some damage.. . I've tried nearly all of the pasties (with the exception of the vegetarian ones) and it's difficult to pick a favorite.  I guess if I had to narrow it down to three, I'd choose (in no particular order), the Oggie, the chicken greek and the pilgrim.  Damn delectable!. . I've also had their pasta salad.  It's huge.  I probably wouldn't get it again, though.  Why would I get that when I could have a pasty?  I thought I knew what comfort food was until I had my first pasty.. . OK, so what about the interior?  There isn't much of it!  It's a hole in the wall.  The Mesa location is quite bigger, so if you're dead set on trying the food on a Friday or Saturday, you may want to check out the Mesa setting.. . I've only had to wait for a table once, and it wasn't for very long, but I tend to visit during the off hours (late afternoon or later in the evening).  If you're flying solo, don't be ashamed to hop on a bar stool and watch the 20 something hipster dudes cook up gravy and other vittles.   . . Speaking of the employees, they're a motley bunch.  Service is usually pretty decent.  If you're a fan of tattoos, nearly all of the employees are inked.  It definitely lends a sense of style to the place.  . . There's a single unisex bathroom in the back.  If you gotta go, you gotta go.  I suggest forming a line if it's in use because I've seen people treat it like an airplane bathroom: they'll keep looking over their shoulder to see if the person inside has left and then get up, only to be cut off at the pass by someone seated closer doing the same bit.. . I've only had one bad pasty experience.  My pasty was slightly over-baked.  I think the guy that baked it was over-baked, too.  Look at the eyes of some of the cooks.  They're redder than the gravy!. . At any rate, that one pasty doesn't warrant the loss of a star compared to the dozens of other perfect pasties that I've had.  I recommend this place to everyone.  Leave your diet in your car and enjoy yourself.
Since there is no other place like it - 5 stars. . So freakin good, I wish there was one in Tucson.. . I had the original pasty with meat, potatoes and gravy. Simply devine comfort food. The baked cauliflower and broccoli side was also excellent. I wished I would have tried everyone else's pasty, but I was on a mission to finish mine and that huge 32oz. beer. . . Love the old-time photos of miners and traditional pub decor. I can't wait to get back to this place.
One of the things I love about my neighborhood is that Cornish Pasty is w/in walking distance.. . Every pasty Ive had here is awesome. My personal faves include the shepherds pie, the chicken pot pie, and the thanksgiving pasty.. . Yes its tiny and loud, but it adds to the charm. Also, the smell that you smell right when you walk in the door= heaven.. . We eat in and get to go. Tip for to go: have a beer or a cider w/ your wait.
Delicous pasties and great beer selection! They will make vegan pasties too if you call ahead of time to order.... What more could you ask for?! I email them asking if they have vegan options and this was the response (I hope they don't mind me posting this): . . "Yes we can make vegan pasties with your choice of ingredients chosen from any of our vegan ingredients in the menu, or we can come up with a surprise pasty from one of our cooks...? Please just call the store of choice an hour and a half before you wish to eat." . . Loving this place!
The place is small, great for a quick lunch and feels like you're in the city (decoration/mood). . I've had the Oggie and the Royale. It has enough vegetarian choices, too. I like the Veggie Greek. My favorite is the Greek salad!! That dressing! I want the recipe. . . The service is always good and the drinks as well.. . The Mesa location, just wasn't the same. But it has a patio and it's bigger.
A friend in Las Vegas recommend CPC to me so I stopped in while staying the night in Phoenix. The server was super friendly, and the food was nothing short of amazing. The place had a really cool atmosphere, and I will probably eat there every time I visit Phoenix.
What can I say that hasn't already been said?  This is an awesome diamond in the rough and worth the trip every time.  In fact, just the mere thought has me drooling and thinking of making a trip there.  . . I have been to both locations - this one and the one out in Mesa.  Although the one is Mesa is closer to my house and the food the same quality, I prefer the ambiance of this one better so my husband and I always try to stop by when in the area.  . . I'l admit I'm not very adventurous when eating new things at times.  I find a favorite and stick to it.  I have tried about 5 different pasties but my favorites I always come back to are the Oggie and Chicken Pot Pie.  Their soups are also wonderful.  The potato leek is very hearty and filling but the Mushroom, Walnut and Spinach was a wonderful surprise.  I would never have tried it because it seemed and odd mix of flavors but I saw an episode of "Check Please AZ" where this soup was raved about so I decided to give it a try.  I am so glad I did!  The complexity of flavors was out of this world.. . A huge beer and a warm pasty, the casual atmosphere and aroma of the mouth watering red wine gravy all blend into a wonderful dining experience.  For the value and the quality this is a "must try" for everyone.
I love this place. They have a large assortment of pasties to choose from. A pasty is similar to a calzone, but these are of English influence. My favorite is the Gobbler- it's a Thanksgiving type dinner wrapped up in a pasty with gravy and cranberry sauce on the side. Mmmmm! Some other recommendations are the Shepard's Pie or Chicken Pot Pie. They even have vegetarian pasties. One important fact- you can't modify the ingredients. They come as they are and they are delicious!!
I asked my daughter where she wanted to go and have dinner. She texted me back, "Cornish Pasty". I thought that she had dropped the "r" in Pasty. I, not being of supreme intelligence, thought it was "Pastry". So, I Googled, "Cornish Pastry". The search result returned "Cornish Pasty". Still, in my supreme intellect, I thought, oh they dropped the "r" in Pasty. I clicked on the link to their site and then I realized that I, again, had been fooled by my supreme intelligence and in fact, the correct spelling was "Pasty".. . Now, on to the hard part. I still hadn't had my V8 moment because I didn't know that a "Pasty" was a culinary item. As I began to search the menu online, I thought to myself ( I would have thought to someone else, but no one was around) "Hey, wait a second......Pasties are a dish!!!". But, now having seen the fare (albeit electronically), I knew I would love this food.. . As with previous reviews the place is narrow and small. But, what they lack in structure, they makeup for in ambiance, knowledge and service. I ordered the Bangers & Mash and my daughter ordered the Eggplant Parmesan. All I can say is WOW. The pasties were excellent. And, for dessert we ordered the Chocolate Bread and Butter pudding with creme anglaise. One of the best desserts I have ever had. I have truly expanded my culinary palette.
I have now eaten at this place over a dozen times, and it's still five stars to me. Never ordered anything I didn't love. Amazing they can do that from their tiny little kitchen. I'm currently having an affair with their Greek pasty--in both vegetarian and non-vegetarian forms, it's amazing. Their tzatziki sauce is out of this world--and I don't usually like yogurt-based sauces. In fact, I can't think of a yogurt sauce I do like! Other tzatzikis fall flat in comparison. This one is great! We love the Italian, Cajun, Oggie, Greek, steak... oh, and do NOT forget the sticky toffee pudding for dessert! OM NOM NOM.
13 minutes, start to finish, during the lunch rush, no less!. . I visited for the first time a few days ago, and let's just say it's not a good thing for my BMI that my office is less than a mile from here.. . Plenty of vegetarian and vegan (!) options.  As a insanely and annoying picky quasi-vegetarian, I'd like to see more vegetarian options withOUT faux meats.  But, perhaps as I make my way down to that section of the veg options, I'll change my mind.. . The place seems a bit more cozy (aka cramped) than I usually care for, but I'll be back for take-out and eat-in for the food and service alone.. . Tip: there are two entrances. I came in the west side door and couldn't really figure out where I was supposed to order.  Make your way to near the end of the bar and you'll be at the register for take-out.
Love this place! food is excellent and they have good beer.
This was the first restaurant I became a regular at when I moved to Phoenix 3 years ago. I love this place, my heart will always have it. Everything, and I mean everything on the menu is great. From the garlic mashed potatoes with cheese, to the vegetarian pasties to the P,B, and J pasty, it's all great. The employees are all helpful and extremely nice. A perk for me, is that I get to sit at the bar and watch my food get prepared. I love that. Great for lunch and especially great to pre-party before going out on Mill.
Inexpensive, incredible and the food is out of this world. Didn't expect this from a hole in the wall in Tempe! Cornish Pasty Company is a place you MUST visit if you are in the surrounding area. Not only is the food delicious, but the atmosphere puts you right into the heart of Eurpoe. A must have are the garlic "chips" which are actually thick french fries.
Excuse me. How in the world have I lived walking distance from Cornish Pasty Company for over a month and have only barely heard of this gem?! Thats what I want to know.. . A friend introduced us to Cornish Pasty saying it is "the best restaurant ever". I best give it a try then right? The Tempe location is smaller than the Mesa location but I LOVE its vibe. A small narrow walking space between people sitting at a counter behind the kitchen and people sitting at teeny tiny tables, dim lit lighting and candles and for the most part, pretty good music. . . My man and I ordered the Mexican Pasty and the Rosemary Chicken Pasty. They were unbelievable! SO GOOD. The Mexican Pasty was definitely the better of the two but I'd order both of them again any day. A little heavy dinner action to make a girl feel full and happy. I respect restaurants that have a plethora of vegetarian options. What generation are you living in if you don't offer veggie options these days? Get with the program all you other restaurants. You know who you are! . . I loved the entire experience and can't wait for our next trip.
Curl up in this cozy, (and by cozy I mean totally and utterly tiny) dark pub with friends, a boddington and a Cornish pasty, preferably of the "thanksgiving dinner" variety. There are of course other amazing Cornish pasty flavors which my Phoenix mates have raved about, which I've yet to try, mainly due to the fact that I live in Los Angeles. I trust their tastes though, so you can believe that everything on the menu is definitely worth a go. The atmosphere takes you right out of the States and puts you smack dab in the middle of London on a misty summer night. A tasty way to stay-cation. Cheers!
I've visited four or five times now, and each time have been glad that I did. Yes, it's loud. It's dark. The lights flicker. And the claustrophobic should think twice. Combined with consistently phenomenal food, these are all aesthetically compelling reasons to absolutely love this place. I generally stick to the vegetarian menu; last night I tried the eggplant parmesan, which was incredibly satisfying. And they do have some rather decent beer on tap. The staff are friendly and accommodating: even the bus-boy was upbeat and helpful as we navigated their dense menu.. . It's a pain in the ass to get a table (as it should be), so choose your one best friend and sit at the bar.. . Do it.
Been going to their Tempe location for years and always look forward to it. My favorite is the Veggie Pesto. I have also tried their Mesa location, much larger and could easily handle a big group. Customer service is great. If you are looking for fast food this is not it. Whenever I visit the area I like to pick up a cold pasty wrap it with ice packs and put it in my luggage to share with those back home; ten minutes in the oven and it's a beautiful meal.
Well I am from England and I think this place is totally awesome. . Yes it`s cramped tiny and hot. But the pasties make it up for it.. Absolutely great, and I`m English and I should know.. Don`t tell your friends though because this place is busy enough already. and it`s often hard to get a table, and I want to make sure I can get in.
Oh i love thee cornish pasty!!!! Seriously so good! I love the vibe and atmostphere of this place, I know its super hipster and trendy but it's a nice place to eat and experience a delicious meal!!!!
Never had a pasty before coming here. I'm a HUGE fan, now.. . Girlfriend had the Shepard's Pie (with lamb) pasty and I went with the Oggie pasty. We started off with an order of Mushy Peas. For dessert, we had the Apple Cinnamon Pasty and Chocolate Bread & Butter Pudding.. . Everything we had was so delicious! My girlfriend said it looked like I was having a food-gasm. (I think I was) The pudding ... oh, my ... the best I've ever had.. . The food here is OUTSTANDING. The beer is nice and cold. The service is great. The atmosphere is perfect for a British Pub. What more could you ask for?
Hole in the wall and a must-know amongst Sun Devils.  This place serves up pasties which are essentially the original hot pocket.  They have a wide variety of them from vegetarian to carnivore and none of them will disappoint.  Great place to meet up with a date or a couple friends if you're looking for a good bite and a couple drinks.
Incredible food , Great staff , atmosphere , all around a pleasurable experience. Tell your friends one of Tempe's Greatest restaurants.  Its worth the trip.... Thanks Dean !!!!
After multiple visits and having tried their other offerings, I'm upgrading my rating of Cornish Pasty Co to five stars. Last night it turned out my eyes were bigger than my stomach and I couldn't even touch dessert (the very appropriately named strawberry pavlova) until this morning; a Porky and mushy peas was all I needed for 12 hours straight.. . My new life goal is to eat one of everything Cornish Pasty makes. I might die in the process, but I'll die happy.
When I was still living in Tempe area. I never had a pasty before until my friend introduce me to this place. It definitely was an experience and the food was amazing. The place is always pack and has a very diverse crowd. I normally sit at the bar to see how the pasties were being made but then again they seem to be the only available seats when I go. The beer selections were great. I either get a strongbow or hoegaarden (both of which are my favorites). I've only had the oggie and lamb mint pasty. Lamb mint was by far my favorite and I'd always get that one. The lamb was cook just right, tender and still juicy. To top it off the red wine gravy was amazing! Now that I don't live in Az anymore I'm craving for it! Out searching here in NorCal and the bay area for a good place that serves pasty! I would definitely recommend this place.
Good stuff!
This is probably where the 7 dwarves would come after their day of work.....English comfort food!!. . I have a friend who loves this place, and I FINALLY made it in......so glad I did, I really didn't quite understand her description of what a pasty is, but, now I do! It's like the English version of an empanada, or like a gourmet hot pocket, haha! (ok, it really doesn't compare to a hot pocket, I'm sorry, I'm just trying to think of a good word picture!). . So, they have a million different filling options...it seems what is available on the menu might vary depending on what is fresh (LOVE food made to order that's FRESH!) The best part about this place is that they have VEGAN OPTIONS! woo hoo!!! I'm adding this place to my dairy-safe zone! . . I had the vegan philly cheese steak pasty, it was very good! They really do make it fresh, mine was piping hot....for the "steak" they used mushrooms, and whatever kind of sauce they used for the "cheese" was quite savory. When you order your pasty, they give you some different sauce-on-the-side options (apparently you eat pasty with sauce?) Anyways, the marinara was really good and really complemented my pasty. (a beer would have worked really well with it too.... oh well, next time!). . My husband had the oggie and thoroughly enjoyed it was well. These things are big, by the way! If you have trouble filling up, you'll be really happy with this place! And if you don't, you'll have two meals for the day for only around 10 bucks!Not bad, right?!. . Can't wait to come back here! Btw, this location is designed to look like inside a mine (read the menu for the background story on pasties) If you are claustrophobic, just sit towards the back, there is a nice big window back there. Otherwise, it is a bit dark and narrow in there, but still comfortable.
amazing!!!!
This place is PERFECT!  The menu is rather unique and there's something to suit everyone's taste.  They have a pasty for everyone: from traditional savory options to sweet PB&J offerings, anyone can find something to love!  My favorite: the "indian" inspired options, like the lamb vindaloo.. . The only thing I would change would be the fires - they were a bit undercooked.. . Still, this is an exciting and delicious experience, and surely one of the best places the valley has to offer.  Top it of with reasonable prices and a good beer selection, and you've got a winner!
Finally ate here last night after wanting to forever! Got the shepherd's pie pasty and it was so good. Gravy on the side was a perfect addition. Very filling too. As always, the place was pretty crowded but we were seated quickly and I really liked our server. I would definitely go back- and hopefully soon!
This place is awesome. . . A cornish pasty is like a big calzone stuffed with whatever you choose. They have many choices and all regular choices are also available as vegetarian entrees. These are HUGE so come hungry! Their tomato soup is also good but I would definitely stick to a pasty if you want a delicious meal.. . The place is pretty divey but in a really great way. I have also heard they are expanding so those of you who have complained about their cramped quarters may find some reprieve soon. Personally, I like the small dark divey feel.. . They also serve Rogue beer which is delicious if you haven't tried it. . . I like this place so much I eat there whenever I am in the area, which has prevented me from trying many other places nearby but I cant seem to bring myself not to go to Cornish as it is so good every time.. . Highly recommend it if you are in the area.
What a pleasant surprise.  Best Cornish Pasty I have had outside of Cornwall.  A hole in the wall place in Tempe that looks like a British pub inside.  Good to go into a dark spot in the heat of the desert.  It's very good.
Cornish Pasty Company, I hate you!  You are only located in frickin Arizona, and I can't get my fix because I'm in San Francisco!   My husband and I ate a Pasty at practically every meal when I was in Arizona for a convention so we got to try a LOT of the flavors there.  Please please please consider opening a shop in the San Francisco Bay Area.  I'll get a little rounder, but hey - happy fat is alllllllll good.
We came here for lunch and were a little leery when we first walked in. I had the cream of leek soup, my mother had the sausage salad, and my aunt had the Greek salad and we were all very impressed. We took a bangers and mash pasty to go, but we are so full, that it'll be awhile before we can try it. The service was a little slow, but the quality of food and atmosphere made up for the inconvenience.
I think I'm in love.. . My friends have been telling me about this place for months and I haven't had the opportunity to try it. Yesterday I finally did and my tummy has never been happier.. . I love the ambiance of the place. It's very small, though they are working on an extension. The employees are all tattooed and rugged, which made me feel right at home. Motorhead, System of the Down, and other older rock and roll and metal music pumped through the speakers, making my ears nearly as happy as my stomach.. . They have an extensive beer collection with different options from all over the world.. . I had the portobello chicken pasty, and it was wonderful. The insides were so delicious and the crust was decadent. It was a lot of food, but I was determined to finish it.. . I've heard this place gets super busy at peak hours and I'm not surprised. I am already looking forward to going back and trying another one of their delicious concoctions.. . You can also buy their pasties uncooked so you can make them at home!
I guarantee that you will return. Great food!
So good!!! My kids loved the burger and bangers n mash pasties.  The tiki masala was awesome and so was the classic and Greek... Casual little place... Super good!
I had no idea what a "pasty" was before coming here, and I was actually a little wary of trying something that sounded like nipple coverings.  Thankfully, Cornish Pasty is lacking tassels and the like, simply serving up deliciously magical pockets filled with wonderful themed concoctions.  . . My personal favorite is the reuben, where the pastrami and corned beef is tender, juicy and chewy at the same time, the buttery crust is perfectly flaky, and the 1000 Island dressing is something I enjoy smothering everything in.  I don't know that I've had a reuben in the valley that's comparable to how amazing this pasty is.  And the oven chips?  Forget about it!  Not that you need a side with the size of the pasties...Oh, the Apple Caramel Pasty is also pretty top notch for dessert - warm and gooey.. . Their craft beer selection is also admirable, with a few local drafts (including Four Peaks and Oak Creek) and plenty of English-themed brews and English IPAs.  Full disclosure: as a beer geek, I only wish they didn't serve the beer in a frosted glass...it kinda affects the flavor.  Besides that, there is nothing I can complain about, especially since they recently expanded into the building next door, thus gaining about 5X the seating and space.  Much more comfortable, less claustrophobic, and easier to get around.
I've been going here for years!! Sooo good!! Cajun is a must... Hands down!! Super flavorful and the chipotle sauce it comes with is awesome. Warning:  if you try the Cajun, every other one you try (although still delicious) makes you wish you had gotten the Cajun.
I have been going to the Cornish Pasty Co since they opened, years and years ago. When they were still serving your pasty in a basket, cheap tables and chairs, no liquor license, you always saw the owner there working and the menu was so short. . . Oh, how its grown, and I love it even more now. The new expansion is awesome! The beer they have on tap is fantastic, the staff is always welcoming and friendly! They've done such a great job. I recommend this place to everyone and I try to visit at least every couple months or so. Every time someone visits from out of town, I make sure to bring them there. If someone has never heard of it before, I tell them all about it. Many people have been pleased by going after I tell them about it! I've never heard any complaints. I only have 1 of my own, and its never stopped me from returning. I had one bad pasty, too much garlic. I can't say how many times I've visited, but its always been a very enjoyable experience. I will keep returning, keep talking them up and still bring in new visitors with me!! . . I love the Royale with Cheese, Cajun Chicken, Chicken Alfredo is my favorite, Pesto Chicken and Rosemary Chicken. I always want to try new ones, but I love getting the ones I know I already love! Oh, and you must try the banoffee pie! I'm not a sweets or dessert person, but oh my, it is to die for!
Love love this place. casual and great food. I go there after a hard hike then beers and Salmon pasty taste like heaven! I wasn't familar with pasty but it's like great empanada and I love it!
The help was amazing, the food was delicious, they have Anchor Steam beer! I am making this at least a once a week place for lunch.
Great food,  great beer selection. I love this place
Went back this afternoon to enjoy happy hour with my coworkers. We had a great time and I enjoyed more of the Sonoran White Chocolate Ale. The waitress was very nice, offered to provide us with separate checks and even took our picture for us.. . I loved the music, nothing better then Led Zepplin, Buffalo Springfield, and all the other great 70's tunes they were playing.. . The best part is getting dinner to go and enjoying pasties at home.
LOVE this restaurant. The food is great (especially the cajun) and great selection of beers! Glad they expanded so there is no more wait, but I love the atmosphere of the original dark cramped restaurant.
All I can really say is WOW!  I absolutely love this place... The Carne Adovada is by far my favorite, and a close second is the Spicy Asiago chicken.  The service is always great, and the renovations they've made to the joint are wonderful - it's really a very pleasant place to visit.
Love it, love it, love it!!!! Just.... not the space. SO small and always packed results in either a long wait or us leaving to find a different place to eat. However, the food and service is always excellent. If you've never had a pasty before, you need to go and try one. They are very filling and every different kind I've tried, has been excellent. If you don't know what it is, think of it as like a larger, tastier & fresher hot pocket. I normally stick with "The Oggie", "Bangers & Mash" or "Cottage Pie". All 3 are excellent. I also request an extra side of their red wine gravy. Its amazing!. . Don't be scared off when you walk in to find dark walls, dim light and rock music playing. Nor the servers & chef's with tattoos and piercings... because you could easily miss out on one hell of a meal.. . (I'd like to add that if you want to avoid the small, dark space with limited seating, you can always try out their other location off Dobson & Guadalupe).
I found Cornish Pasty via yelp about 2 years ago while visiting Phoenix area for work.  It made such an impression on me,I keep hoping i get to go back to try more variations on the pasties.  We had so much fun with beer and music also last time that i hope the expansion didn't get rid of the hole in the wall feeling.  Anyway my coworkers are placing orders for me to bring back pasties for them.  I don't know how i'm gonna fly with those, but we'll see.   It's probably gonna be  110 plus or minus, but the fact that with of all the great places in phoenix im still drooling about this one means i gotta give it a 5.
Excellent food, cool venue.  Had the Greek pasty, crust was baked perfect, fillings fresh and flavorful.  Side of cheese broccoli and cauliflower - again baked perfectly, perfect blend of cheese, breadcrumbs and sauce.  The Chocolate bread and butter pudding with anglaise was a phenomenal dessert to end with.
This is probably my favorite restaurant... ever. . . It's not the cutest place I've ever seen, not the friendliest staff I've ever met, but my god... they know how to make a damn pasty. And as a vegetarian, it blew my mind to see a food I would normally consider not veggie-friendly to come in so many vegan or vegetarian options. I am not huge on mock meat so I tend to stick with the Cheese & Potato pasty.However, what I have had of the mock meat is pretty crazy good. The dipping sauces are delicious and the breading of the pasty is phenomenal. . . Great place to fill up on drinks and grub at a fairly reasonable price (and if you think it's expensive - it's worth every last penny).
This place is great. Low key, great beer, great food. Spicy Asiago Chicken is fantastic.
Absolutely love this place.  A usual lunch spot for me and my team members.  After the expansion things were slow for a bit while the staff got the kinks worked out, now it is great!
Probably my favorite restaurant in all of Arizona. The food is fantastic (I recommend the Cajun Chicken pasty), the servers are really hip and awesome, the kitchen is open for you to see how your food is being made, and the prices are fair. Don't be discouraged if you realize they make the pasties the night before, because they cook them the day of and give you the option to take them home half cooked if you want to eat them at home and cook them yourself. Just such a awesome atmosphere for small groups or a date and really good food with a very nice beer list.
Excellent options all around. Super tasty stuff.
TOP restaurant I have ever been to in Arizona or even on the west coast.. Once you start walking into the pub you feel like you have suddenly traveled over the pond and back to America's roots BRITISH FOOD! I have always heard horrible  things about how British food consisted of mainly fish and chips and other bland entree's - to my pleasant surprise  the Food was Delicious!. - huge beers . -Pasty for all food types . - the service is outstanding . Give yourself the gift of time travel and head on over  to Cornish Pasty Company  where you can leave the southwest once you step in the dark hall of the restaurant EXPERIENCE LIFE ABROAD!
If you haven't been here recently, they've expanded the dining space significantly, creating more of a dining experience (though I prefer to sit at the bar).. . The food is consistently terrific--i've never been disappointed. I tried the oven chips for the first time and I'll be ordering those again. They have a good beer selection. The desserts are tasty and unique. . . For first time visitors, I'd recommend The Oggie and a pint of the Hazelnut Brown from Oregon. Try the oven chips, or save room for dessert and order the Shirley Temple pudding. Fantastic!
Love Love Love this place! Every time I visit the Pasty, I fall in love with the place all over again. I always get the cream of leek soup and I am never disappointed. I also recommend the chicken pot pie, the chicken Alfredo pasty and the portobella pasty!
I have to say I'm impressed.  I had never tried "British" food and when it was explained to me that the Pasties are like gourmet hot pockets I was not looking forward to trying it. I was actually very scared but since everyone else was onboard I thought I would try them out. I tried out the Portable Chicken pasties and was very happy with my selection. . . It turns out they are somewhat like a gourmet hot pocket or calzone. The listed ingredients are baked inside and the outside is a bread crust. All the pasties come with a dipping sauce that just adds to the yumminess. I have eaten at the restaurant (Tempe location) and also placed a large order for work and both were a great experience with excellent customer service.  This place is so good I will continue to order month end lunches from here. . . Food- Excellent. Service- Excellent, owner very nice and friendly. Establishment- good parking but get's very busy. The only off thing is that it is very dark inside the restaurant for some reason they have dark curtains covering every window.
This place was a wonderful surprise. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was quite comfortable. Our server, Ally, went out of her way to be sure our party of four was taken care of. In fact, the service was world class, yet the prices were neighborhood eatery. We will go back again and again!  Now I know what a pasty is!
Where have you been all my life?!  Will you please open a place in Phoenix metro area!?  Better yet, a Pasty stand outside in downtown Phoenix would be awesome!. . Yelpers, this place is delicious, has A+ service, all in a wonderful, chilled atmosphere.   They have a pasty for any taste!  Dessert was off the charts!  Go try it.
This is my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area. It's a great place for me and my husband since I'm vegetarian and he's a meat eater. They have a wide variety for both sides and I believe they always offer a couple vegan options as well.. .  My favorite is the Veggie Mexican (Quorn brand "ground beef", egg, jalapeno, potato & cheese) and he loves the Royale with Cheese which is pretty much a cheeseburger and fries wrapped up in a delicious crust! We each usually have half a pasty leftover for lunch the next day if I can keep myself from overstuffing myself because it's so good. You also definitely have to try the Banoffee Pie(graham cracker crust with banana, homemade caramel & whipped cream). My mouth is watering just thinking about it! They also have a pretty big selection of beers I've never heard of if that's your thing! . . The space is pretty small but I feel it kind of adds to the ambiance. My only complaint is that it's so far away. We need one in North Phoenix!. . GO EAT AT CORNISH PASTY NOW!!!! (and bring me your leftovers!)
Wonderful place to hangout with friends ...small and cozy. Hoegaarden white ale with chicken tikka masala pasty is my usual.
What a fantastic place! The shell to the pasty's is so flaky and yummy, reminiscent of quiche, and the plethora of choices is to die for!
The first time I ever had a pasty was in Michigan when I was 10 years old. My grandparents bought them at the grocery store premade - all we had to do was warm them up in the oven. When Cornish Pasty Co. announced they were going to open in Tempe back in 2005, I was ecstatic and for good reasons - it was love at first bite. . . Since 2005, I've tried many different pasties and still can't decide which my favorite is. The Oggie is a good standard- it's what my memory from Michigan tastes like only better. The Pilgrim is amazing - but only when made with Turkey. Honestly, my favorite part is the crust that holds the goodies. I don't care what is inside, as long as that crust is flakey and warm. Mmm... One time I ordered a small Greek Salad and now I have to order it every time I'm there. The dressing they use is this lemony pesto and it is so, so good... the only down side is that I'm still tasting it hours later. It's that strong! To finish up, you have got to order the chocolate bread pudding with creme angelias AND ice cream. The bread is deliciously chocolately but it is also soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside, which I love. The husband isn't too crazy about it ("bread pudding shouldn't be crunchy!"), but that means more for me!. . They have happy hour starting at 3pm, which includes drink specials. I've only ordered a Gin and Tonic here and as far as I'm concerned, it's pretty damn good. One time they were out of tonic and they made a special trip to go out and buy some, just so I could have my drink. I felt pretty special that night.. . We have been to the location in Mesa and the patio is really nice, but the original restaurant has rustic charm. Whether you are sitting at the bar top or in a corner booth, you can feel the energy of the restaurant and be intimate with your dining partner. It's nice they expanded the restaurant and were still able to keep the same ambiance. . . Anytime we are in Tempe, this is always one of our stops and a place we frequently take friends. If you are ever in the area, definitely stop in!!
Apparently hailing from the British city of Cornwall and here in Arizona finding its foothold at the appropriately named Cornish Pasty Company I had originally heard of the pasty during a recent trip to Philadelphia where the baked crescent was a daily special on the menu at The Dandelion but featuring the least the combination of beef, rutabaga, onion, and potato I cannot really say my interest as high - a situation remedied by the extensive (if inauthentic selection at Cornish Pasty Company and thus leading me through their doors just after 2:30pm where I'd find the small bar area still full but the larger dining room only perhaps half so.. . Largely unaware of the logistics of CPC - whether you seat yourself or wait to be seated and whether you order at the counter or at a table I stood and watched for a moment before deciding to seat myself and within moments a friendly young woman named Hannah greeted me, first offering a beverage - just water - and subsequently the restaurant's extensive menu which I browsed at length while listening to The Sex Pistols and then The Clash play overhead.  An eclectic list of Pasty's both 'traditional,' 'signature,' and 'premium' plus a collection of soups, salads, and sides I asked Hannah about portions on her return and told that each pasty clocked in at approximately a pound (and that two would be "way too much" food for a solo diner since she could only eat half of one) thus leading me to settle on a single option, a dish I was told would take "about fifteen minutes," leaving me more time to study and enjoy the tunes - the White Stripes perhaps the only thing 'un-British' in a string of songs ranging from Zeppelin to The Beatles to The Ramones.. . Reading as I waited and enjoying the room as well as watching the team slice meat, shape dough, and chop vegetables it would be just under a quarter hour before my dish arrived and although smaller than I'd imagined (I definitely could have eaten two - probably three if I didn't have dessert and dinner plans) the Shepherd's Pie that was presented was far better than I'd have ever expected, a golden buttery shell wrapped around lightly mint tinged lamb and although fatty and intense nicely balanced by the vegetables.  Generally a fan of Shepherd's Pie, particularly when using a sharp cheddar, this handheld version would prove to be an exemplary take on the classic and the addition of a sidecar of onion and sage laden red wine gravy certainly did not hurt.. . Debating a second pasty as Hannah returned to check in on me (The Pilgrim sounds quite good) but subsequently turning my attention to the sweeter half of the menu I decided to not make the same mistake twice and inquiring as to which dessert she recommended I went with my gut and ordered two to arrive with a delay between them, the first "Shirley Temple's Pudding," a $6 sticky toffee pudding served in a cast iron pot with a side of creme anglaise.  Rich and thick, a dark treacle just barely set at the center and almost a brownie consistency along the edges what really shined about this dish was the manner in which it worked with the creme, a thick but delicate sauce balancing out the intense sweetness of the pudding.. . Moving next to my second dessert, and for my tastes the better of the two, a goodly delay of fifteen minutes brought to the table Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding with vanilla ice cream - a truly unique spin on bread pudding made with what almost seemed to be cracker-thin pieces of bread juxtaposing a brandy tinged chocolate sauce and baked much like the sticky toffee pudding to be set at the edges yet dense and moist at the center.  Truly a decadent dessert - the sort begging for a glass of milk or coffee - I will say that the ice cream was rather run-of-the-mill vanilla and although it served its purpose admirably I'd definitely go with more anglaise on subsequent visits - visits which I'm sure will happen the next time I find myself drawn back to Tempe, or to Mesa where there is apparently a second location whose Banoffee Pie and Apple Caramel Pasties seem to be calling.
THIS PLACE IS GREAT. . Not only is the vibe and atmosphere so much fun but the beer and food is one of a kind. Some friends and I wandered in this little hidden gem late on a Thursday night. The expanded back room is lined with old church pews and community style tables. Walls are decorated with large canvas photographs of old miners digging deep, naturally. I order a Strongbow and my brother ordered a fancy beer that came in a mug so big it had a lip to drink out of. Very cool. It feels very much like an Irish pub or a gastropub because it is so tucked away and no where close to a bar scene. . We order The Royal with Cheese pasty, the Rueben pasty, the Mint and Lamb pasty and an Asiago Chicken pasty. To say that everyone was 100% satisfied at the end of their meal would be an understatement. I would HIGHLY reccommend this place to anyone and I will be going back.
love this place! Good food, great atmosphere, nice selection of beers, and a great staff who all seem to really enjoy working there and making customers comfortable.
SO YUMMY!!! An excellent laid back environment. All employees were nice. I think he was the manager/owner with the red beard was super friendly. Can't wait to try every pasty on the menu. We had the chicken Alfredo and lamb mint both excellent. Only weird thing was that we didn't know what door to enter from and didn't know that we just seat ourselves.
Probably the best tasting food in Tempe. Its like mouth watering delicious. I haven't been there in a long time, and I forgot how damn good it is... Its like every bite you. are in heaven. . . I dont go here often because I tell myself $10 is too much for just one item, I wish it would come with a side. But thinking about it, its like $2 more than you would pay for something else at like say Chipotle. So its totally worth the extra $2 to get something you cant get anywhere else, that tastes 10 times better than anywhere else.. . The beer menu is nice to, and with the expanded patio, I will go there again for happy hour, or a late night on the patio for a Lagunitas.
just had a great cottage pie pasty and brought home banoffee pie which I fear will have to wait until tomorrow. neat little spot unexpectedly tucked away in a pretty pedestrian shopping center. Definitely give it a try!
Think hot pocket but way better. I tried the cottage pie pasty. It had ground beef, onions, mashed potatoes l, and a few other goodies. The pastry shell was very flavorful. Very interesting atmosphere. Very poorly light, tatted cooks, and 80's metal music blaring. Wanted to try the dessert but the pasty was very filling.
We saw this place on a local cable show called 'Check please' and it looked good well it was not good it was great! We sat at the bar in front of the kitchen and the guys doing the cooking were very cool as a matter of fact everybody working there was very cool and willing to go the extra step for example are waiter was telling us about the beer they had on tap and we were trying to decide so he brought us a couple of samples without us asking-nice. As I said the guys doing the cooking and prep were more than willing to talk to us telling us about the different dishes even though they were very busy..  . I ordered the 'bangers and mash' while my wife had the salmon both were very very good and for dessert we had the chocolate baked bread {that might not be the exact name but its close} good god it was soo damn good! Next time I'm getting one to take home.. . We're going back with our neighbours this week and I can't wait!. . If I could give 6 stars I would! Really great food and excellent people!. . PS we went to the one on Alma School in Mesa.
Cutest place by ASU! and the food is to die for! The pesto chicken, spicy chicken and chicken alfredo are my favorites! My friend and I triedthis place during our freshman year at ASU and habe been going back ever since. It's the definitiom of a hole in the wall and a great little gem.
I do not even know where to start with Cornish Pasty they have mastered the English food restaurant in this area. The ambiance is out of this world the food is to die for and the beer list is as good as it is long!. I have taken multiple parties here and enjoyed it every time. The Staff is possibly some of the coolest and most respectful and fun people i have ever have serve me and the owner will take the time to walk around and talk to you and his patrons. 5 Stars and that is a rarity!
OMG!!!! The food is great here.  Had the meat and cheese pasty and could not stop eating it.  That red wine gravy is to die for.
Absolutely fabulous! The food is incredible. The restaurant is a hole in the wall and the dining room and staff look a little dark and scary but have no fear. You've found a true hidden treasure. My favorite pasty is the pilgrim but I've tried almost all of them and you will love em. Prices are really good you will be so happy you found this place. Go now you'll love it!!!
I love eating here! I love getting take out! They are very nice, the hipster thing is fine, you aren't made to feel unwelcome, but the cool people are just sooo cool! :) haha! The Cajun is yummy, bangers and mash, the burger one with thousand island is soooo yummy! Oh, but the tomato soup.... oh my heavenly goodness!!
I'm a Yooper-- I was raised in Michigan's Upper Peninsula and left for college.  Ever since (and that's a few years now!!), I have felt the absence of a good pasty nearby.  . . Totally by chance had this place recommended to me at a business meeting and was BLOWN away.  I'm used to the traditional "Oggie" and  it brought me right back to my childhood   but as I went with family, got to try a few bites of some of the others--all were amazing including the Royale.  . . Love the eclectic crowd too.  Definitely a place to go back to when we're in Phoenix again.
Awesome! This was one of the first places I tried since moving to Tempe and it is so good. Don't be fooled by the strip mall appearance from the outside, what awaits you inside is the most glorified hot pockets you'll ever taste!
CPC is a fantastic niche restaurant that will put your grandma's pot pies to shame.  I've ordered the majority of their pasty menu over the years and haven't gotten something I didn't like...  The only drawback is the time it takes to prepare the food.  Busy or not, if you didn't call your order in, you'll wait 20-30 minutes for your food.. . This place is both meat-eater and vegetarian friendly, so it's a safe place to bring your group of hipster friends who disagree about diets.  Pricing is more than fair at about $10 per pasty.
Easily one of my favorite places to eat in the valley. We first stumbled into Cornish Pasty with the thanks of Yelp a lil over a year ago. Been coming here ever since. I love this original location and its gotten even better with the expansion. For the money you really can not go anywhere as good in Phx. My wife usually can share one pasty and be plenty full. . . As for which ones to pick my favorite is the Cajun chicken and the Meat and Cheese. I've also tried the pilgrim, Italian and original all which are really good. I'm just a meat and potato type of guy so I like the more basic pasty. . . Overall a great place to come. It's dark, walls painted black, and usually good music playing. I've only come here for lunch so I can't speak for the night time scene but I'm sure it's chill and fun.
It's been a long time since I last visited this location ( I have been going to the outstanding Mesa location ).  I was glad to see that they have expanded.  In addition to the previous area with the long narrow counter there is now a much larger dining room.  There is still a bit of construction going on and when driving by at night the blackout on the windows makes it appear closed which was a bit confusing.  The food takes a bit of time to get at both locations, but it's very much worth it.  They have a pretty expansive and varied menu ( all contained in pastry ) with lots of options for vegetarians.  Our waiter was very nice and checked on us to make sure our beers were full and we got everything we needed.  This is a very unique and awesome restaurant.. . Try:. . - Egg Plant Parm. - Veggie Cottage Pie. - Oggie
The food is divine. I wish I worked/lived closer. The are super friendly and fast. The place is a cave, but you don;t notce once you take a bite.
The Tempe location got a nice bit of redoing and is now a lot bigger, but the southern half of the place is still hilariously and charmingly small. I love sitting so close to the cooks.. . Tip: they half bake pasties for the next day late at night, so if you order one then it's noticeably different. The super fresh 11pm cajun pasty I got after (during?) my bachelor party may be the most delicious thing I've eaten. The bar's got wonderfully cheap car bombs, and they leave a nice note on the receipt when you get one.
I brought a group here for my birthday, the wait was worth it. I ordered the pilgrim and it was delicious. I love everything about this place.
Just thinking about Cornish Pasty makes my mouth water. I highly recommend the Royal with cheese. CP also has a great selection of local drafts. Good service, music and a kick-ass extension of the bar which overlooks the back of the kitchen. And the bread they make (from scratch) is a secret recipe (for good reason) so flaky and delicious!
So amazing. Almost every Pasty i've ordered here was absolutely delicious. . . I went with one I've never seen on the menu, as I was visiting since I've moved. I got the Royale With Cheese. I highly recommend this for anyone who wants a glutenous treat.. . The only thing I would change is: Knowing your server knows about you, make it not as dark and if you should seat yourself.
Simply Fantastic!!
Holy moly, why have I never heard of the pasty for the so many years I've been alive!?  Simply put, the pasty is the premium version of an empanada....and a super deluxe version of a hot pocket.  . . The boy and I drove here Saturday night around 8:30. The place was packed, and we waited about 15 minutes for a place to sit.  We were, as many others have mentioned, confused about where to go to get seated. A guy beyond the counter told us to just find an empty table to sit. I tried his technique and was stopped by another guy who told us to wait, and he'll get us a table.  . . I asked our server to see what's the most popular pasty, and he said there is one single pasty that sells more than the other.  So I would just suggest go with what you're feeling for the day.  I ended up with The Royales with Cheese, and my boy got the Bangers and Mash.  The Royales is basically a cheeseburger stuck inside the delicious, warm, buttery crust.  It had a weird garlic taste to it, which I didn't care for. The thousand island that came with on the side didn't go well with my pasty.  I still garbled that thing up regardless though.  I tried a piece of the Bangers and Mash, and I'm not a fan of it. I don't normally like eating pork, so I wouldn't have orderedthis.  The boy really enjoyed it though.  . . Now, unto the BEST part of the meal...this is none other than their Banoffe Pie.  I HAD to get this even though I was already stuffed.  I have never had anything like this. Thick, crispy graham with creamy, homemade caramel, topped with whipped cream and slices of banana.  I've got a sweet tooth, and that banoffe was definitely one of the best desserts I have ever had!  I would definitely come back to this place again and again the next time I'm back in Arizona.
This place kinda has a hipster vibe.  They play folk music, which I like.  They serve very unique menu items.  I had never heard of a pasty prior to going there.  Its a baked pastry with some sort of combo of ingredients inside. The outer crust reminded me of a chicken pot pie.  The seating is different. The tables are so long and the benches are pew-like, you could potentially share a table with some strangers.  The only thing I wasn't a fan of at this place is that the pasties are pre-made and you cannot customize your order. For instance, I ordered the Vegetarian Greek and I HATE olives but I could not get mine without them.  So I ended up just picking them out as I ate.  I also got the potato-leek soup, which I love and many places don't serve.  It was pretty good.
Really cool place, great food, beer selection, cool friendly staff and eclectic ambiance.
One of the most fun places with really amazing food. Always love the veggie chicken tikka masala pasty. The tomato soup and banoffee pie are excellent too. Big fan!
I don't have anything unique to add to the long list of positive reviews.  The service was great.  The beer was cold.  The bangers and mash pasty was amazing, particularly the homemade sage sausage.  My friend had a mushroom garlic soup that was fantastic.  This is definitely on the short list of places I will revisit when I'm in Phoenix.
This place has expanded and that is great news because it is a must go.  I have tried many of the pasties and everyone is delicious.  The beer is great along with the irish car bomb special.  The atmosphere is great but the food and the beer is the reason why I continue to come back.  . . Another suggestion would be to try to soup.  It is a secret bonus.
While in Tempe on business I found this place on Yelp and the reviews sent me right over for lunch. Once I finally decided that the front door was, in fact, the front door (it's a bit dark and seems like you're entering the back of the kitchen or something) I had a seat at a small table along the wall. Once my eyes adjusted, I fell in love with the place. The atmosphere is great. The menu is amazing. The beer list is generous. I had the bangers and mash and my husband had the pesto chicken pastry. We shared a coleslaw. First off, the coleslaw was the best we have ever eaten. Secondly, I wish I lives in Tempe because I want to go back and try everything else on the menu. It was killer! Totally delicious. Soft flaky crusts, amazing dipping sauces, ice-cold beer and great service. They really have a good thing going here. I want to open one in Austin.
Whenever I am craving a Runza (a favorite food from my hometown of  Lincoln NE), this place takes care of it. They have a wide variety of fillings anywhere from lamb to a wonderful vegetarian selection.  I've been to both locations and they have always been very consistent.. FYI, Runzas are also known as Bierocks of German origin  (savory filling of meat, onion, and cabbage).
Who knew what a pasty was, or that they are amazing! They are like large hand pies filled with complete meals. This is such a wonderful place. They have a wide variety and even many vegetarian options. You can't help but feel good when you are there. As good as the food is, the experience is equal. It is a very relaxed environment, and by the way, a great list of beers.
This establishment was amazing the ambiance was fantastic for a dinner setting, music playing was great, and the staff was friendly and informative. This was my first time eating here. My friend told me how good the food was here.  I being a foodie deiced to come and check it out. I ordered a beer, chips, shepherds pie, the greek and the apple desert. Everything I ate was amazing. It was well priced. I thought it was going to be more expensive but I was pleasantly surprised when the bill came out. Everything was $35 and I still have plenty of leftovers for another meal. The manager on site walked around to every table asking was everything ok? Did you enjoy the food? I find it to be a great quality when the management and staff truly care about you experience. Such great customer service here, I highly recommend checking this place out if you haven't done so already. I am positive you will have the same experience as I did, if not better.
Why oh why have I waited so long to try this place? The soups are beautiful and my rueben pasty was only phenomenal. Note to self and others, go super bowl Sunday...it is empty and no TV 's!!!
I broke the first rule of restauranting. I went somewhere named after their specialty item, and ordered something else. That's right... no pasties for me.. . But, I have an excuse. Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding - homemade bread, baked in chocolate brandy sauce until crispy on the outside, served warm with vanilla ice cream. Who looks and that and doesn't think, "I want that inside of me" immediately? Nobody.. . When I ordered it, the waiter replied with, "You know what makes this even better? If you ordered a shot of Rumple Minze (peppermint liqueur) and dipped your spoon in it before every bite." As if it needed to be better.. . Now I might never get a pasty from Cornish Pasty Co., but gaddamnit, rules were made to be broken. And warm chocolate bread and butter pudding, alongside melting vanilla ice cream soaked in booze, was meant to be inside me.
I have been coming here for years and I love this place. Literally everything on the menu is delicious. Although to be honest, I have only tried their pasties and their deserts. I know that they serve salads, I just think that is a waste of a meal, and i can make a pretty excellent salad at home. I switch between the vegetarian and the meaty versions fo their pasties and they are both delicious. So vegetarians, have no fear. . . The drink specials are very nice as well. I like to get the enormous mug/pitcher of hard cider with my meal. SO GOOD!. . I was very happy when they expanded. Sometimes it could be hard to get a table. I'm looking forward to them opening up the patio. I am not sure if that is complete yet.
Love this place, glad to see them expand. Everything I have tasted has been delicious from the tomato soup to their desserts. They have something for everyone. Hope they open a location in phoenix.
MUST TRY: Potato & Leek soup!!!!!!!!!!! Arguably the best soup I have EVER had, and it's served with warm bread. The Pasties are also so delicious, of course. The crust of the pasties literally melts in your mouth. We also ordered the Chocolate Bread Pudding....wow! The liquor in the bread pudding also gives it a nice, warm kick.. . Service was great, and the waitress took her time giving recommendations since it was my friend and I's first visit. The vibe is sort of hipster, but so relaxing.. . Will definitely be back!. . . UPDATE: After coming in nearly every week for months, I've made a couple new observations. I really wish they would work on their customer service. There is only a couple of waitresses that actually do their job. The rest seem to disappear indefinitely. Food is still amazing and well drinks have good amount of liquor.
I had never heard of the Cornish Pasty Co until I came across the hundreds of awesome reviews on yelp..... thank you yelp!!! This has become one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. Since discovering the Pasty Co, I have been twice in less than a week with no notion of slowing down! . . This spot is tucked away in the back of a shopping center with a small sign letting you know it actually exists.  Although it can be hard to find, this is one of the things I feel leads to the overall experience of the restaurant.  Inside the restaurant its dark and cozy - total pub feel!! Also, the staff is extremely friendly.  . . Pasties I've tried: ALL AMAZING. chicken pot pie. bangers and mash. reuben . chips (french fries) with garlic. apple caramel dessert pasty
I did like it better when it was just a little strip with just a few seats with a line out the door most nights, but the wait was definitely worth it. However, the new remodel and expansion looks very classy. The food is still totally worth it of course. Definitely one of my favorite places to go that is unique but very simple. You can't find a Cornish Pasty just anywhere!
The Pasties are fantastic. Deserts are great big enough to share. Definitely a college hangout, but I remembered the louder 70's 80's 90's rock music.
This is a must stop for us when we're in AZ. The newly expanded area is a plus, but we usually try to go right before lunch to avoid a rush. And helps w/ food time - but trust me the wait is worth it! I've tried several pasties - shepherds pie is one of my favs! Sit at the bar and watch them work - so neat!
I don't like fat people, but a pure drop of empathy landed on my brain the first time I ate Cornish Pasty's Banoffee Pie.  Now I understand what unlimited desire to eat is like.  Fucking delicious.. . Thirst-buster sized beers.. . Hail Satan.
love cornish!
Sometimes getting a table takes a while but it is worth the wait. My favorite is the carne adobada pasty and their apple dessert pasty (YUM!). The people that work here are always super friendly and prompt.  My favorite place to sit is the bar by the entrance because my friends I enjoy watching them make the food and striking up conversations with the people working there... sometimes weird convos but always entertaining. :)
I think I just found a new favorite hang. The food is exellent and the ambiance is incredible. The music is classic (like Dylan or Neil Young) so you won't find any rap gang bangers here. Inside is very dark which I like, but if it is a nice day, they have a nice roomy patio on the North side where you can relax. Very casual yet classy. It is difficult to describe. If this is what English pubs are like then Americans could learn a thing or 2 from them.
The Pasty is in the corner of a pretty nondescript strip mall, and was tricky to locate the first time, but I am so glad that the Cornish Pasty and I found each other. I love coming here with friends for a great beer and a pasty!. The decor is a mix of traditional pub fittings and industrial touches, and there's a pretty hip soundtrack on to match. The atmosphere and the servers are casual, but I can't say that I've had bad service here before.. The pasties are fresh and flaky (note: they can take time to bake up!); the bread pudding took me to heaven: warm, chocolatey and oh so rich! I also recommend the broccoli and cauliflower cheese bake.
On the recommendation of a co-worker, my husband and I decided to try this out.  We had checked out the website and menu, so knew what we wanted to try.  . First thing, in a lot of pictures, the place looks really cramped and small...wrong!   When you first walk in, there's a narrow hallway with a bar on one side and small 2-seat tables on the other.  But, if you walk around the corner, it opens up into a pretty large dining room (there's also a bar in here), as well as a nice sized patio.. We seated ourselves, and were immediately met by Hannah, our server.  She was friendly and made us feel welcome.  We perused the menu, but we both pretty much knew what we wanted.  . I ordered "The Pilgrim" and my hubby ordered "The Reuben".  While we waited for our pasty's, we were able to enjoy the music playing.  Lots of our favorites, so the wait didn't seem like too long.  . "The Reuben" is basically exactly what it sounds like...a reuben sandwich in a flaky wrap.  It was served with a side of 1000 island dressing.  My husband loved it, before I had a chance to ask for a bite...it was gone!!. "The Pilgrim" is like a Thanksgiving dinner in a pasty.  It had roast chicken (during the holidays they serve it with roast turkey, but honestly, I couldn't tell the difference), sweet potatoes, stuffing and grilled onions.  It was served with a side of cranberry sauce.  OMG!!!  It was delicious and moist.  The chicken was so juicy.   Each bite reminded me of the day after Thanksgiving sandwiches...only this wasn't leftovers.  I devoured it!  My husband, who doesn't like stuffing, kept saying that when we go back, he's gonna order it.  Delicious!!!. The flakiness and flavor of the dough is wonderful.  Honestly, it's so moist and flavorful, you don't even need a sauce or condiment.  Most of the meals come with a red wine gravy on the side (and so did mine), but it definitely wasn't needed.  If I had ordered something with beef, it might have been a nice sauce to dunk a bite into, but like I said, it may not even be needed.. We're definitely going to make our way back to Tempe for another taste of a pasty, and there are a lot of very interesting ones on the menu.  We can't wait to try more!
I love this place, food is great and beer selection in awesome.  My favorite pasty is the vegetarian greek,so good!
Cornish Pasty Company is the best! If your looking for amazing comfort food all wrapped in a flaky crust this is the place! I haven't had one that I didn't like. My all time favorite is the Bangers & Mash! Its like your moms home cooking of meatloaf and mashed potatoes with extra gravy. The service at this location is great, they are very friendly and outgoing. I've even eaten here alone and felt totally comfortable eating at the bar. They also have a great selection of beer. If you haven't tried this place out you need to go . . . like right now!
Amazing place. Every pasty is the bomb you can't go wrong. The desert is a must as well.
AMAZING!!! The food here is great!  I really enjoyed the Beer as well as the great ambiance.
Second visit, just as good as the first:. . Mushroom, Walnut, Spinach Soup with Homemade Bread and Butter. . Cheese Steak - Onions, Green Pepper, Mushroom, Swiss, Red Wine Gravy. . Chicken Pot Pie - Carrots, Red Potato, Green Beans, Celery, Thyme and Chicken Gravy. . The Pilgrim - Turkey, Sweet Potatoes, Grilled Onion, Stuffing, Cranberry Sauce. . Banoffee Pie - Graham Cracker Crust, Caramel, Whipped Cream, Bananas. . Apple Caramel Pasty - Apples, Cinnamon, Caramel topped with Ice Cream and Whipped Cream. . Moving from sweet to savory (and then back to sweet) our arrival at Cornish Pasty Company was met with a raucous crowd enjoying any number of craft brews but seated swiftly as Led Zeppelin, The Who, and The Ramones competed for air time overhead we were greeted equally quickly by an excellent (and funny without being fakey) young server who understood our time constraints in terms of making it to the game and took our whole order at once noting that she'd place the order in a staggered manner to make sure food wouldn't pile up while still leaving us time to make it to ASU by kickoff - a plan that worked flawlessly.. . Knowing from my last visit that the pasties would all be excellent - and they were - what truly wowed during this visit to Cornish Pasty Co was actually the soup, a recommendation from our server as "her favorite thing on the menu" - a dense, creamless potage with a hefty mushroom nose and a subtle vegetal note on the tongue while the walnut base added a lingering smoothness that went well with the hearty housemade soda bread and cultured butter.  Obviously not leaving without dessert and having already enjoyed the sticky toffee pudding and bread pudding on my prior visit this time we opted for the house-special Banoffee Pie and Caramel Apple Pasty, neither as good as the pair off puddings but both better than the vast majority of in-house pastries at restaurants in Phoenix and Scottsdale (where even top tier restaurants choose to outsource their desserts to Ms. Dempsey.)
Never understood food fully until I ate at Cornish Pasty,. Never know it from the outside.. Mix that with chill employees and badass shop, this is could be the best dinner of all times
What can I say about one of my new favorite hangout spot? I'll try to make it short and sweet. . . -The pasties are tasty, unique filling and reasonably priced (Love the chipotle sauce on the cajun chicken pasty).. . - They have an awesome selection of spirits.. . - The atmosphere is great (outdoor patio for when its nice outside and a dark cozy inside when you are out in a date).. . - The desserts I've had so far have been very good (You have to have the Banoffee pie its legendary).. . Overall, a great spot to go hidden in a small shopping center on University and Hardy. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
Ambiance, service, food and drinks were all good. I tried the cheese steak pasty which was very good. Will definitely go back.
I have been going to here since the day that it opened and even had them cater my graduation party when I got my degree from ASU. If you cannot appreciate Cornish Pasty Co you have some sort of problem dealing with restaurants. . . They will not molly coddle and treat you like you are some sort of special patron. They are just too busy providing some of the best pasties ever created. Service is not what you come here for, pasties are!. . Be sure to ask them what the Vegan selections are, they are usually pretty amazing. Especially if you put gravy on them! (The gravy is totally not vegan, neither am I...having evolved as an omnivore). . . Now they have a patio, as well as more seating and a nice bike rack! Classing it up CP! Just kidding, this place is not classy, which is why it is so beautiful and amazing.
This is one place that totally lived up to the hype. The roasted garlic rosemary potatoes as a side dish were outstanding - very crunchy and well seasoned with of course Rosemary. Our pasties were equally impressive. The greek was my choice with big chunks of chicken, two kinds of cheese and veggies that included kalamata olives and artichokes. Every bite you got something new and it didn't even need both sauces, but the Tzitiki was excellent for dipping. dad had the Pilgrim (no turkey anymore), but had some nice roasted chicken and sweet poatoes and onions also. Thev wait staff was friendly as hell, great service and this place is bigger than it looks also on the inside. Good times.
I was a little skeptical because English food isn't exactly considered a fine culinary experience. (For some reason I think of bleating sheep and porridge whenever i think of English food?) But I had the Oggie's (traditional) pasty and it was one of the best meals I've had in a long time. The crust is flaky, but not like a croissant. It's tougher than that. The pasty came with a very nice gravy that tasted a bit like a mild A-1 sauce. The selection of European beers is quite wide.. . You will not be disappointed.
Amazing! The pricing ain't too bad but its usually very busy!
Been here a number of time. Always a friendly staff and always a great place to enjoy catching up with a friend or group for dinner.  Smaller but diverse beer list. Food always tastes great and is vegetarian friendly. Never a bad choice.
Holy shit is this place awesome. Great unique foods, which are essentially hand held pot pies, wonderful beer selection, and desserts that will knock your socks off. This is truly a unique gem. One thing that shines brightest is the warm, friendly service. It'd be easy to look at the staff and assume you'll be getting shat upon by a hipster tattooed crew, but in reality- they really care about service, and have pride in what they do.. . Pro Tip- have the banana dessert, it is insanely good.
Let me preface this review with a little history.... I'm married to a chap from England. . I've been to England. And I eat. A lot. Not too memorable, if you get my drift.. . Had I not seen a soon-to-be-opened Scottsdale location, I never would've tried this place. You know, British food and all (keep in mind my British husband who loves these things called mushy peas,  "Bubble and Squeak" and some sort of kidney pie). Ewwww...nuff said.. . Well, out of curiosity, I looked up the menu, and off we were to the Tempe location. . . It's VERY dark in here, and I imagine that on some cold, winter day, I'd like to spend a few hours in here drinking beer, listening to the awesome music they play and fiddling around with some of the menu items I haven't tried. And I know that when it's hot here, we all like to hide from the sun a little. But seriously, it's a little difficult to see the menu. And the food. . . On my first visit, I had "The Porky" which has pork, potatoes, apples, onion and sage. It's served with this delicious red wine gravy. I should've stopped after I asked the waitress for a to-go box, but I couldn't stop eating. It was wonderful. As in AWESOME.. . Today, I had the Lamb and Mint. It had lamb, rutabaga, onion and mint. Also, that wonderful red wine gravy. Killer good. . . And by now, you're probably aware that all of these delights are contained in this "pocket" of dough, baked and neatly sliced in two when they serve it. . If you sit at the right-hand part of the bar, you can see the cooks prepare all of the food, and it's really quite an art. . . The best thing is this: they have all different pasties for all different tastes...italian, mexican, vegetarian, greek and even an American Thanksgiving pasty with turkey, sweet potatoes, onions, stuffing and cranberry sauce. . . Check out the menu and try this place. ! They have fabulous food, good music and lots of fun beers. . . God save the Queen. And Cornish Pasties....
I went for lunch.  I arrived right when they opened.  I am so glad I was early.  The place fills up quickly.. . The Pasty's are out of this world.  I went with a friend, we each ordered two each of different.  We had the best Pasty's I have had in the Valley.  They remind me of the Pasty's I had back home in Northern Michigan.. . I had the Chocolate Bread Pudding with Vanilla Ice Cream.  My first time with Chocolate Bread Pudding and it was the most awesome desert!!!!. . Excellent Service.  Great Music to enjoy.  Never ending Ice Tea.  I am definitely going back.  I ordered half baked Pasty's to bring home and bake for another time.  . . I will definitely go back and soon.
Amazing. I stop here any time I drive through Phoenix.
Probably the best restaurant in Tempe.  Cornish has been a favorite of mine for years now and I'm fortunate to live so close to the Tempe location. The beer and drink selection is great and a pasty is just near impossible to beat. The staff is always attentive and funky.  People of Tempe, we are fortunate to have such a place.
This place is awesome. Come hungry because the food portions are huge and the beer is awesome.
The best place for a late night snack or a mid day munch. All different Pastys for your all the different taste buds out there. Delicious unique desserts, great people and atmosphere. You can't go wrong with the great beer and drink selection either. Definitely a regular spot for me, my friends , and fam.
Just a quick update. I've been many times since and these pasties are incredible.
The Cornish Pasty has been a favorite of mine for several years now. The food is amazing. I'm working my way through the whole menu, and I haven't ever ordered something I didn't like. The desserts are fab, too. On top of the food being great, the ambiance of the bar is great. My friends and I love to go there just to grab a beer, even if we're not in the mood for food. Great service and selection. I recommend this place to everyone looking for something new.
We've been here a handful of times and LOVE it. My husband and I are beer snobs (err connoisseurs), and they always have a great selection of yummy brews. My favorite pasty is the Lovely Bit of Salmon, and it sure is ... well ... lovely. I don't know how they manage to get so much delicious into a little pastry pocket. I was afraid the whole thing would taste fishy, but it was perfectly balanced with seasonings, asparagus and a little bit of potatoes. My husband's tried four or five different pasties and loved them all. . . We've even gotten them to go, and they're still great. We like bringing out-of-town friends here since it's a unique little place with great food and lots of character. I'd love to try one of the desserts, but I usually only finish half my dinner pasty and have no room!
We went for late dinner, near closing -- no problem, staff was excellent. Food was rich, outdoor ambiance in lovely neighborhood at night, all completely satisfying. Thank you :)
The service has actually been much better the past few times I've been here. I don't know if they hired more servers or what, but I appreciate it.
This place is amazing! First off, ambiance is dead on! It looks, feels, sounds and heck, smells like a proper pub. Yes they pour an awesome pint. Yes, they offer tastings of their beer so you pick the right one. Yes, service is excellent. Yes, the food is delicious.. . Get the chips with garlic and jalapeno, and don't miss the peppered steak. Be warned these pasties are fri kin huge, filling, and you probably won't finish one on its own. The shepherds pie was also delicious, but really it all looks so good. The crust on these pies are flaky, tasty delicious. The fillings are delicious, and they definitely don't skimp on the filling. The sauces that come with the pasty are also delicious too.. . Also, they have a royale with cheese. Pulp fiction anyone?
Right when I walked in the door I knew I would be coming back. Sat at the bar Cornish had great beers on draft it's like a pub setting. Sneaky spot to take a girl with a deemed lighting. I at the peppered steals and my friend at the Rueben both were housed in minutes. The bartender brought out some dipping sauces the mustard creme sauce took the cake and went really good with the peppered steak. Definitely will be back
I CANNOT BELIEVE these EXIST!!!!!!!! Their pasties are out of this world!!  The dough they use is light, not crumbly, and perfect, just perfect.  The fillings - HA amazing!!  the flavors will blow your mind.  I could not finish mine (cause their HUGE) so I brought it home.  Had it two days later - e-v-e-n better!  The beer selection is phenomenal.  When we first arrived, my husband and I walked in and the waitress said "sit anywhere" and we sat behind another couple at a table.  The waitress never came to our table after 20 minutes passed - not even to take a drink order.  So two seats popped open at the bar & we bee lined for them.  Thats when all became good in the world of pasties and beer.  Do not pass this place up - stop in.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE "The Pasty", as my bff and I call it!  Met my boyfriend there at the bar!  love the leek and potato soup with the bread and butter!  LOVE! and the service is always excellent!
As a vegetarian, I am usually wary of Western (as in American/English/etc.) cuisine. There aren't many choices available and the few that are, usually turn into disappointments.. . Cornish has a separate menu for vegetarians. But make no mistake - this menu is not your usual disappointing veggie substitute stuff. It lists a variety of items that are delicious so I never feel like I have to settle. We've been to the Mesa location and love the ambience there. It has great service and is relatively easy on the pocket. . . I highly recommend it.
Delicious.  From the moment you get to parking lot the aroma is outstanding. Although I thought my Alfredo pasty was good, the pb and j pasty dessert was my highlight. It was a amazing. All the desserts sounded bomb. I can't wait to try them all. Will be back!!
This location has been recently remodeled, I think it could still use some more work as their Mesa location is so much nicer but the food makes up for it.  The only downside, is the pasty take a little while to bake, but just sit back, relax, and sip down on a beeror any other drink from their bar, a local gem.
Cornish Pasty never fails to disappoint. I love that they have lots of vegetarian options and even a couple vegan options! They have a great beer selection as well and super cheap Irish car-bombs (my favorite) during their happy hour. The staff is always super friendly and on top of things. I'm so happy a place like this exists!!
Amazing place.
Yesterday I decided it was time to introduce another friend to one of my favorite restaurants in the East valley.  We went to the Tempe location which is a lot farther away from home than the Mesa location.   But that doesn't matter because the drive is always worth it.  I like this location because it is the original.  . This time I decided to skip the appetizer to save room for dessert.  I still had the usual very large Hoegaarden to start and ordered the very new and not on the menu "Spicy BBQ Chicken Pasty". Anything with spicy and BBQ deserves a shot and it was delicious.  . The chicken was tender and juicy, the BBQ sauce had some kick to it, the jalapeno and grilled onions were a great touch.  I am not sure yet if this may be a new favorite but if it weren't, it would be a close second.  Only one thing could make this night more perfect....well....maybe two things but I will settle for the Banoffee pie.. It has been a while since I had the Banoffee pie and I don't know why.  Who doesn't love graham cracker crust, homemade caramel, bananas and fresh whipped cream?  With every spoon full you get everything, the crust is incredible, the caramel is sweet, the whipped cream is delicious and the bananas are perfect.  I was only able to eat half of it so I brought the other half home with me.. Another perfect meal from a great place to eat, drink and be satisfied....anywho.  I know it's 7 am but I am heading to the refrigerator for the other half of my Banoffee pie.
Anthony P couldn't have put it more succinctly....we never considered this place because i thought it was just British meat/pub food. i am ashamed of thinking this!. . the decor/atmosphere is actually like a british pub...all the windows are blacked out, but it just adds to the warmth and ambiance of the place.. . we went during the lunch hour but found 2 spots at the bar and were greeted immediately. for non-meat eaters, the menu has TONS to offer! everything from traditional vegetable only options, to full on "fake" meat options (chicken, beef, etc soy product). i ordered the "chicken" massala pasty, the wife ordered the eggplant parm. . . i should have only eaten half because their dessert pasty's look amazing as well. alas, my lunch pasty was so tasty, i couldn't bear to not eat the whole thing. fair warning....they are huge! best to share or eat only half and maybe try a soup or a dessert selection. mine was so flavorful and rich and full of curry! the breaded part of the pasty was crispy, kind of thick...but not heavy....like, there was way more filling than crust so you feel like you're getting a great deal! all that for a meager 8-9 bucks!. . i cannot wait to try the other options on their menu. no wonder it has such a high star rating. oh, and our sever was very cool....even giving us suggestions for our next outing here!
The name threw me off at first when my husband suggested it for lunch. I thought it was a chicken place or something with cornish in the name. Oh no my friends this place is fantastic for meat and veggie eaters alike. . A pasty is similar to a calzone, but with a flaky pie-type crust, not a dough crust, and filled with various meats or vegetables. Kind of like a pot pie to go. To our delight they have a whole menu page filled with vegetarian pastys. I got the eggplant parmesan and my husband got the tiki masala with "soy" chicken. It was just delicious!!! Flaky and warm with delicious filling for $9. . The inside is British pub decor with dark wood, church pews for seating, two bars where you can order drinks/food, and the staff was super friendly. We sat us at the bar and one of the employees enthusiastically pointed out the purse hooks for me to hang my purse! Every bar needs to have these! . I think this place is automatically a new favorite.
They make such good hot pocket. Freezer pocket is taste of dumpster when I eat Pasty as well get three sheets wind. Every time is EXCELLENT at The Cornish Pasty of Tempe! Yay the gourmet Potatoes :)
Great food! Great beers on tap! They own it with there vegetarian selection. Plus Dean, the owner is pretty much a bad ass. Thanks for the t shirt old neighbor!
Oggie is the best
This place is pretty good! Yummy draft beers & delicious pastys. I like how many vegetarian options they have! I don't feel left out at all coming here with my meat eating friends. The Greek pasty is my favorite so far!
I'm sure I agree with just about everyone else's raves about this place, so here's my own spin on the place:. . I love love love that I never knew puff pastry could be so versatile and delicious.. . Lovely bit o salmon is just that! The veggies inside are perfect! And the sauce mmmm!. . The Royale is named so appropriately!! If you like burgers, you will Love it!! . . Service is good, always someone spunky and friendly.. . But my main reason it's awesome???. I reheated my Lovely Bit o Salmon in the microwave 2 days later, and it was still astoundingly fresh tasting but perhaps even more flavorful?!  That might just be a culinary miracle. . . I recommend this place to anyone, visiting, living here, young, old, meat lovers and not.
My wife was in Tempe yesterday and picked up two pasties for me, a traditional and a more fancy Chicken Tikka Masala. I ate the traditional last night and it was the best pasty I have ever eaten. I am an Englishman who has eaten a huge number of these delicious pastries, I think the key was the pastry, in England they tend to have too much and not enough filling, this was not the case at the Cornish Pasty Company. Can't wait to eat the second one tonight. I can only review the food, but I will be visiting this location very soon.. We need a location in the West Valley!!
One word... Awesome! Any choice is a good one.
Always a good time. Excellent soup, especially the tomato basil. Comes with fresh homemade bread! . . Great food, drinks, music. I'd recommend this little hole-in-the-wall to ANYONE :)
This place is awesome.  Had a giant beer and a pasty.  Pretty much a fancy hot pocket, but really good nonetheless.
The food here is so freaking good.  Totally a hipster place, but once you eat a Pasty, you will come back no matter what!  Just recently expanded too!
Amazing place. Great food. We sat at the bar and the bartender was awesome, very friendly and helpful.
You have a lot of choices when it comes to food in Tempe but Cornish Pasty has been a staple of the area for years. There's a reason why they're one of the best reviewed restaurants in Tempe. . . You might also notice their success has them expanding to multiple locations. It takes awhile for these new locations to find their legs, but Tempe is the original Pasty that started it all. An excellent staff and unique atmosphere compliment some of the best food you're likely to find in the area.. . Oh, and they have an extensive assortment of beers on tap, many imported. They treat the beer with respect here, ensuring every pint is served up fresh. It sounds gross, but many restaurants don't properly take care of the hoses that connect the beer to the tap -- you end up with half your beer sitting outside of the refrigeration and going stale. Pasty's staff make sure everything is fresh like any proper bar -- something unique for a restaurant to do.. . My personal favorites include the Cajun Chicken, Tikka, Meat and Cheese and the Royale. Honestly, order anything off the menu and you really can't go wrong.. . Make sure if you order chips to ask the server for the 'wild' style, which includes baked garlic and fresh jalapenos. Adds an amazing kick.
Chicken tikka was fantastic. Cool atmosphere. Hard to find and no clearly marked entrance. . . Good beer selection and helpful wait staff. Would definitely go back again.
Great location, food and staff. Cornish Pasty delivers the best quality food and service every visit. I love the Italian pasty! Everything from their pastys to dessert have been consistently amazing!
Great food! I always get the Greek Vegetarian pasty. I want to try something else but this ones just too delicious. For a special treat, go for the Banoffee pie! Fantastic!
OMG!!!!!!!!!. . I just had dinner at Cornish pasty with my two buds and all I can say is A-W-E-S-O-M-E!. . Had my all-time favorite, the Pilgrim. Can you say thanksgiving?? All my favorite ingredients wrapped up into one sweet tasty package. Turkey, sweet potatoes, etc.. . I do not recommend the banoffee pie, but this is strictly for religious reasons.. . Shirley temples pudding is to die for. I would probably not go anywhere else in town other than this place for the treacle.. . Also, the waitress was pretty cute.. . This place almost makes me wish I was a Cornish pasty.
this go-around, i ordered the cottage pasty, vegetarian. filled with quinoa meat and lots of potatoes and veggies. it was divine. the wife and i split the banana desert with graham cracker crust and caramel drizzle....caramel dollop that is. . . super rich and sweet. it was delicious but i felt my teeth hurting afterwards. we'll go a little more savory next time!. . still an awesome place with over excellent service.
This place was amazing! And the selection was fantastic :)
If you have never had a pasty before in your life, you need to ask yourself what your problem is, and get down the the Cornish Pasty Company, ASAP!!!!!  I'm not going to go further, just go, find the one that looks best to you, and get it, you will NOT be disappointed!. . Not to mention they have Hoegaarden on draft!!!
Oh man, how does one describe perfection.  I absolutely LOVE this place with a passion.  I literally cannot stop dreaming about the next time im gonna go in, The variety they have is awesome, i originally wanted to try all of them, and got a good start, then found a couple favorites, the Chicken Tiki Masala one is phenominal, and the potato soup is to die for.  But it comes out super hot, dont eat it immediately.  Its like lava, but delicious lava. ALSO the peanut butter and jelly pasty is SOOOO good.  haha.  And the potatotes.  Damn, pretty much everything is great.  Do yourself and your buddies a favor and GO!
This place is the spot. Amazing inside and out. Underground vibe, crusty snacks, sexy suds, tasty tracks, you're good for the night here. The salads are pretty good and they have a dedicated veggy section which always tickles my fancy.
Service was amazeballs. Food was bomb. Great for vegetarians. So incredibly good! Highly reccomend.
Couldn't be better. Beer, great music. Hard workers.  Had the bangers and mash with mushy peas... And the Royale with Cheese... AND the Reuben. All very, very tasty. A+ for ambience, too. Great music, and sitting in the kitchen bar adds to the experience.
By and large, I am a huge fan of the American revolution, "give me liberty or give me death," and all that jazz. However, the tainted, revisionist history textbooks that brainwash our youth these days cleverly gloss over the greatest void created when the british were expunged: exquisite hand-held edibles. Over the last 200 years, the sandwich has had its day, the hamburger did its best to satisfy, and fringe cultists have clung to the wrap, shawarma, burrito, or gyro for solace, but now you can have the real deal in all its glory! Soft, flaky, golden crust that makes every Marie Calendar's pie, Hotpocket, and Toaster Struedel hang it's head in shame! Variegated, creative, symphonious fillings that arch like piping hot rainbows over your fortunate tongue. I have to stop now, or else I won't be able to resist driving the 11 hours from salt lake to salvation.. Ironically, given this verbacious soliloquy, my favorite pasty is probably the pilgrim.
Great rosemary steak pasty. The Banger and mash pasty was outstanding. Greek salad had a ton of feta cheese on it, which I liked. The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful. Great tunes, service was flawless. I'm going back.
This place is extremely different from the one on Guadalupe. It's not in the best area of town and when you go inside, it's kind of like a dungeon. All the windows are covered, it's super dark and almost creepy like. However, don't let that scare you away! Their food is still the best ever! You must try their cajun chicken pasty. Yumyumyum!
I love, love, love this place! I eat here any chance I get. I love everything about it. The location is convenient for me, the atmosphere is exactly what I like in a restaurant. It's laid back and not stuffy. Staff is attentive but not pushy. Music is eclectic like much of its staff and clientele. I feel at home here. The beer selection is fantastic! The food is out of this world. My usual is The Pilgrim but I have had many others and have never had a pasty I didn't like. This is a regular spot for me and I am SO glad it's in my life!
If you like Cornish Pasties, then you'll dig this place. Their traditional 'flavors' are spot on with what you'd get across the pond in the UK.. . They also have a LOT of non-traditional versions - like a chicken tikka.. . And if you have no clue what a pasty is, but you like things like pot pies or even hot pockets, then give this place a go.. . Good selection of beers, too.. . Only thing to be aware of is that the place sort of looks closed (or even out of business) from the side entrance. Don't let that fool or deter you.
Amazing!! I have been here many times over the years and I don't think I have ever had a pasty that wasn't delicious. I honestly believe that you could open the menu, blindly point to any one of their pasties, and you will have a delicious and satisfying meal. . . Oh, and don't forget, both their bottle and draft beer selections are any craft beer fans dream.
Oh man. So many choices, so little room in my stomach. I tried both the cottage pie pasty and the chicken pot pie pasty. Out of this world! The pastry shell is so delicate and tasty. I will be back!
Very nice place and awesome pastries. There haven't been a single instance when my pastry was not good, it has been always awesome. There are so many options for every kind of taste. Everyone I have taken there for lunch has liked whatever they have ordered. Decor and setup is very good and different than a regular lunch place. There was only one instance, when I felt bad because they asked us to free up the table when we were having a short after lunch talk, I can understand their constraint because it was raining outside and there were few people waiting for their table. Other than this instance, it has always been a nice place to have tasty lunch.
WOW! As an appetizer we started with the Chips and added the garlic. They were perfect amount of crisp and seasoning. Next, we ordered The Oggie and Chicken Pot Pie. They both had the red gravy that was the perfect touch. Both pasties were great! . . The service was okay considering they were pretty busy. However, food came out very quickly. . . Everything on the menu looks so delicious. I look forward to going back!
Ok so let me start by saying this review is probably pointless, since I doubt any of you will read 780 reviews to make a decision. But this is my favorite meal in Tempe. The wait staff is great, and not the fake "hi welcome to blah blah blah I'm so happy you're dining with us can I take your order". This is truly a great part of Tempe culture. If you feel uncomfortable here because it's hipstery or whatever else, may I suggest any of the corporate food chains in Gilbert?  I have never had a bad meal here...EVER. With all that being said there is really only one Pasty worth ordering that is the Shepard's Pie. Look I get it there are like 50 other ones here to choose from but save your time and just order the Sheppard's pie.
I love this place!  The food is fantastic and very reasonably priced, the staff is amazing with great customer service, and they have great beers on tap as well as a nice selection of wine.   The interior is comfortable with large farm style tables for groups.    I frequent this place at least once a week - it is that good!
Absolutely delicious and and good presentation. I had the chicken tikka masala which was perfectly made.. . Inexpensive but amazing flavors that will burst in your mouth , make sure you eat here before you kick the bucket
Wow-this place is incredible and the best British food I've ever eaten. Keep up the great work
Wow, I am a convert!  The pasties are amazing.  I highly recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty.  It was so tasty!  Their menu looks really good, and I look forward to coming back to try more.  . . Our server Stephanie was great!  Service was really fast.  This is a great place to grab a beer too.  Enjoy!
This is authentic Cornish Pasty.  We love having a little piece of England nearby.  English ales, English type soups, and the pasties.  Oh, and yes that sticky toffee pudding is a must order.  Go, you won't be disappointed.  And if it's your first time, sitting at the bar is a great idea so you can watch them create the pasties.  It's amazing.
The food here is to die for.... . I'd highly recommend the pilgrim. It is a Thanksgiving party in your mouth... I love leftovers over the regular Thanksgiving meal and this pasty puts those leftovers to shame. The other meals we've had there have also been freaking amazing. Mix in some craft beer and it's a perfect night out. . . The only negative thing I can say is that both times I've gone they've been rather busy... But busy is good so just make a reservation or go off of peak hours.
Where am I? Brooklyn? Portland? This place is hip! The staff must skateboard to work because several boards have been left leaning against the bar--one even with a flannel. Btw, the staff are awesome. . . Food? Yum! So yummy. Pasties are a new culinary treat filled with deliciousness. I'm so full from eating one and sharing another with a friend. . . Wine and beer? Great selection! . . Decor? Love it! Great for a date or a group. The big tables manage to feel intimate due to the low lighting and large space of the restaurant. . . I will be back!
HMOG!  I'm in love!  I had the bangers n mash pasty today - my first time to this establishment.  It brought me back to Sunday "dinners" when I was a kid in New England.  AMAZING flavor, and my grandmother would have been happy with the pastry.  For dessert, I tasted my friend's PB, banana & Raspberry J pasty.  REALLY?  hahahaha - my tongue is still laughing with delight!  RIDICULOUSLY tasty pasty! I WILL be back.  Please don't deny yourself!!!!  . Oh...wait - atmosphere...not what I expected.  Dark, loud music, but my friend and I were very comfortable holding a conversation above the sounds.  My eyes adjusted to the light! (ha) Waiter was very personable, and the service was good.  If you're in a rush, get take out.  If you have some time to comfortably kill, eat in.  Whatever your time allotment to spend, don't forego this restaurant.  (sigh)
I was out in the East Valley for a meeting, so met a friend for lunch since we don't see each other often. She suggested Cornish Pasty and said it was one of her favorite spots.. . This place is amazing! I had the pasty that has salmon, asparagus, potatoes (can't recall it's name), and it was delish. She had the Cajun Chicken and told me it was one of her two favorites. So many of the pasties sounded so good!!  I will be back... My husband will love this place.
This place is awesome, traditional English pasty is what you'll get. The service is so so , your typical hipster to cool for school vibe But all in all it is good, oh and I forgot to mention the beers amazing beer on tap, some of what I only thought they sold in bottles. Also a great place to take a date.
I love this place!  The Patsy's are delicious; the ingredients are always so fresh and I haven't had a pasty that I didn't like.  There's a relaxed and comfortable vibe wether you sit at the bar or one of the tables with the church benches; and this place also has the BEST dessert! The sticky toffee pudding and a pot of P.G. Tips is a perfect way to end your experience.
