loved this place.. . we stayed there and the staff was so nice. we checked it and the room was a bit smoky--we had vIP room and we went downstairs and walllah they not only gave us an upgrade with smiles they were super nice. . the rooms are amazing---just the best best.. . decors in the lobby great and just best best best--. . views delicious--super clean--super classy--
Thanks to my coworkers recommendations, I discovered THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. What's with all these hotels having some other little different thing on the side, calling it different or almost the same, and confusing the crap out of visitors?. . I already love Mandalay Bay. Despite the fact that it connects to Luxor (.... yay) and Excalibur (imo I liked it better than Luxor at least), I just enjoy how many fooderies are in here and how much there is to do. I am not a gambler, so the fact that the minimum is $10 at night and $15 - 25 during the day really doesn't bother me too much. Some of my favorite Michelin Stars are here so I'm totally game.. . The rooms are PLUSH. I literally mean it feels like going into a cloud. Everything is so puffy and so soft and you can basically fall into everything, almost the floor, and be completely comfortably cushioned by this cloud of plush. I think if not for a good deal of course I would probably end up at Paris or Treasure Island where I like the beds equally as well, but this is slowly becoming my favorite getaway in Vegas, even above the hugigantic suites of the Venetian and Palazzo.
Found this place by accident..glad we did. Had originally booked mandalay bay but wandered into THEhotel checkin booth. The clerk asked if we wanted to stay there for an additional 40 we figured well give it a try. No dissapointments here. Its spacious rooms, seperate bedroom /living quarters n spacious bathroom. Will definetly stay again if were not at palazzo or venetian
This all-suite property is one of my favorite on the strip.  There's no casino in the building.  However, its attached to Mandalay Bay so you never have to step out of the resort to gamble.  The lobby looks sterile and unwelcoming.  The elevator towers can sometimes be confusing.  Despite all this, the guest rooms will make you quickly forget all that.. . I've been lucky enough to stay here for two separate occasions.  The first time was in a regular suite, while the other was in their H suite.. . **** The Suite****. . If you don't like contemporary rooms, this is not the place for you.  It's like straight out of a Cantoni showroom... sleek wood, earth tone furniture dominate the elegant theme of the room.   This 725 sq ft suite has an actual living area that's closed off from the bedroom.  Bathrooms are adorned in black marble and white granite w/ separate shower and bath tub.  Great thing about the master bathroom is the small 15" television.  "Master"?  That means there's a guest one outside in the living area as well.  Another plus about the suite are two 42" plasmas.  SWEET!  Best thing about this particular visit... it was comped by the casino.  Actually paid for it in losses at the table, never-the-less, did not have to pay.. . ****The H Suite****. . These are their largest suites, nearly 1700 sq ft large.  Heck, its a bit bigger then my very own home.  This affordable penthouse suite is PIMP!  Total of three 42" Plasmas.  Two in the Master Bedroom and one out in the living room.  There's a DVD Player, that's connected to the ceiling speaker system.  The speakers run throughout the suite, with master control for a complete surround sound effect.  Inside the Master Bedroom is an added parlor for a large living area w/in your bedroom.  The spacious living room has a dining area and bar.  The bathroom has two vanities, steam shower, toilet and bidet, large bath tub w/ a small television.  There are large screens next to the tub which you can open or close and have your very own private voyeurism from the bed.  One downside was when I held a party here and we cranked the sound system loud.  Twice hotel security had to knock on my door.  They said if it occurred again, all my guests would be kicked out.  Party poopers.   Guess the walls are not insulated enough.
I stayed here for my Vegas trip. I would def stay here again. I got the suite with a separate living room space and separate bedroom. Bathroom was huge with nice showers and granite everywhere.. . I also won a couple hundred in their roulette tables so yay!. . 2 negatives:. . 1. there are no vent fans in the bathroom. Just sayin.... 2. the irons are the WORST IRONS EVER. EVER. It does not steam. It does not iron clothes. I've stayed in POS hotels that have better irons.
Amazing place to stay... Great suites!!! Very modern!!!
THEhotel appeals to me, because it does not have a casino. YET- we can easily walk through THEshop and dining area to enter the casino in Mandalay Bay. We also have access to all the amenities available to Mandalay Bay guests . . THEstaff . I was very impressed with THEstaff. They were very polite and professional. My husband and I booked for a Saturday night stay. Our arrival time was earlier than expected so I called to make sure that we have access to a nonsmoking suite at noon. I was tired from our long trip, but THEstaff were very professional, nice, and helpful. Check-in was very fast and easy with no line. I was surprised to receive a complimentary upgrade to a strip-view suite, which was an added bonus. . . THEhotel . THEhotel, itself, is chic with contemporary artwork and architect. THElobby is dark, peaceful, and quiet with a grand centerpiece of dreamy splash of white tulips and calla lilies. THEsuite is very clean and free of stains on sheets as I did my usual checkup. I saw some small dents on the walls, doors, and furniture, but those of typical markings from people shuttle in and out of this suite. The televisions in the living room and bedroom are the older, boxy type; I don't mind as I did not come to Vegas to watch tv. The strip view from our 37th-floor suite was SPECTACULAR with the tip of Luxor pyramid light in front of us. I was pleasantly surprised that the curtains in our bedroom are truly curtains as the room turned completely dark when I closed them before we slumber. . . My husband and I are not big gamblers, but we enjoy the shows and the Vegas environment as mini-getaways from our home and work in Southern California. We typically stayed at 4/5-stars hotels including the Silverton, Trump, Bellagio, and Mandalay Bay.  . . Anyways, I hope you find my review helpful.
This was our second time staying here and it was just as good this time as the first time.  . . Check in took about 15 minutes.  My only nit-picky comment about it is that while we were next in line, two reps finished with their guests then had to make phone calls.  They were on the phone for several minutes and we had to wait for another rep to finish with their guest.  I'm sure they were following up with requests their previous guests made, but when you're standing there, all you want to do is get checked in.  At the time, it did not feel very efficient.  Once we got up to the counter, check in was a breeze.  Like many Las Vegas hotels, they are now including a resort fee on top of your nightly rate.  This was not a big deal to us, but it's something to keep in mind when booking.  They do include amenities to offset this, like free wifi, complimentary newspaper, and two free drink tickets (that alone made it worth it for us.) . . The rooms were clean and well kept.  I've read other reviews about stains on furniture, etc but we did not notice significant wear and tear in our room.  This is one of my favorite places to stay because I love the rooms.  We had a suite so we had a separate living room.  I'm all about bathrooms and I took two baths in my ginormous bath tub during my one night stay.  They have nice little touches like a tv in the bathroom, radio/alarm clock with iPod dock, and a half bathroom off the living room.. . All staff that we encountered were friendly, accomodating and personable.  No complaints there.  This is a great hotel and I recommend staying here.
Never stayed at the hotel, but have had many an infamous night at club Mix.  An incredible view of the strip, with great music, and a variety of tasty and expensive drinks.  If you have the cash, you're going to have an incredible time.  . . The last two times I went to Vegas for work, my coworkers and I partied hard at this spot.  Fortunately, my supervisor used his company card to cover the excessive amount of beverages and bottle service that were ordered.  There's a great breakfast restaurant on your way out of the hotel, which is the perfect place to chow down before that cab ride home you're not going to remember.
My Fav!  I love this hotel.  Stayed here for a week for my 21st bday and it was just amazing.  The rooms are large and beautiful.  It says it's an all suite hotel, but we ended up staying an extra day and booked a regular standard room here, so I'm not really sure what that's about, but any way that was fabulous as well.  It's connected to the Mandalay Bay, so you get access to the man-made beach/pool thing which is pretty awesome as well.
THEhotel at Mandalay Bay sets a new standard for all suite hotels. I have stayed here 3 times in the past 2 years. The rooms are spacious with marble baths, walk in showers, a plasma tv and double sinks. Each room contains a powder room and living room that has a plasma tv, couch, desk, mini bar, and chair. By staying at THEhotel you get a private valet, gym, and spa. Additionally it is located away from the casino so it's almost like there isn't a casino. Finally the staff at THEhotel is exceptional and there for your every need. A truly top notch hotel. I will definitely be staying there again.
Aside from the scorpion that was in my room when I checked in it was great relaxing experience staying here once I got a room change of course lol. Room serivce was top notch. My suite was huge! Everything was nice and clean as it should be. Casinos, bars, and clubs were off the hook. House of Blues was blast. I enjoyed my stay so much at this hotel that I barely left to the other surrounding hotels.
Not badly priced...got a rate of $150 on a Sunday of a busy weekend and $120 the following Monday morning when we decided to stay an extra day!  The room has a Keurig coffee maker, so don't forget to pack some coffee pods.  The robes are super comfortable - as are the fuzzy slippers that are complimentary (take home for a nice souvenir)!  I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a suite in Las Vegas that has a separate bedroom (with door) and living room.  You can use Mandalay Bay's awesome pool as well.  It's only downfalls are that it's on the very end of the strip and the walk/cab ride can get long/expensive and since it's a higher end hotel, all of the restaurants/room service tend to be higher end=expensive!
I love this hotel. The suites are nicely decorated. I love the large juccuzi bathtubs, separate glass shower, separate living space from the bedroom with tvs in both rooms, and comfy bed. I also really like the Moorea Beach Club there. Everything is beautiful and luxurious. Best place to stay in Vegas if you like something modern and swank.
Why stay anywhere else.. . THEhotel is the perfect place for a girls weekend. . 1) Large all suite hotel perfect to share a room for 3, 2 bathrooms are a bonus. You have space for 3 girls to put on make-up and do hair at once and believe me this is an important feature. . . 2) Nightshade curtains! After a late night(which everyone has in Vegas) who needs the sun, you wake up when you want to wake up.. . 3) The rooms were kept very clean by housekeeping and when I called one early morning for towels they were brought up right away and they knocked as requested.. . 4) No Casino that is a bonus, I loveto be able to walk right into the Mandalay Bay Casino but I don't want to have to walk through one to get to my room everytime.. . 5) Access to the Mandalay Beach, the best pool in Las Vegas, it's crowded but worth braving the crowd.. . Next trip to Vegas, I will be staying at THEhotel again.
I knew this was a good place, when I walked in and it smelled GREAT! Little hints of vanilla and lillies!. . Had a suite, plenty of room for 4ladies, 1 1/2 bath. . Was bummed it wasn't a "suite" like I thought it would be. There was no mini fridge(could've had one...with a cost of course!), so much for the snacks and things we brought. . This is where you improvise...we made a mini cooler/fridge in the little sink! *boom*. . Aside from that, I loved it and the pool!
We were really happy with our stay here...maybe coming from Bally's (which is a dump, read my review) or the fact that The Hotel cares about the little things such as:. . - The check in/check out counter moves quick no matter how many people are in line.. - They let you check in early and checkout late with no grumbling. - The rooms are nice, my only complaint is that the TV's aren't LCD's and the sink area could be a bit bigger.. - They give you nice toiletries and complementary slippers to use in the room and take home. - Instead of a sign to put on your door handle, there's a light signaling to housekeeping whether or not you want service that can be activated from inside the room.. - Resort fees are explained when you check in which includes free wifi, access to the beach area and usage of the cardio room (not the gym). - Temperature, more importantly the humidity in the room is controllable and quiet.. . We spent most of our time in the beach in the wave pool which is worth the stay in itself. When it's 115 degrees during the day, do you want to walk around the strip? You do get spoiled here because I'd have a hard time just laying in a pool now.... . The hotel is much darker than Mandalay and not as convenient as if you stayed in Mandalay, but much quieter and the elevators are fast! You walk across to the casino and other attractions. Maybe I'd like to stay at Mandalay next time, but I'm really glad we stayed here this time. . . This place and Palazzo are my favorites so far!
Probably one of the most sophisticated stays here in Las Vegas. . . Elaborate views, fantastic amenities, pristine aesthetics. . . 5 STAR.
Great large room...kinda like a small apartment...very similar to the 2 sectioned areas from the Venetian or Palazzo.  I would definately come back...especially since its very close to my sportsbook section of the casino. ;P. . Not too far, across the street is a liquior store that can easily help you stock up on alcohol in the room before hitting the clubs for those overpriced drinks!
THEhotel was amazing, beautiful interiors, clean lines and marbles all over. The suite was roomy, 1.5 bath was handy and a little bar area was very useful for a preparty area. The fridge was tiny though and couldn't hold much other than the many small overpriced liquor bottles. . . One of the highlight for me was how close the parking was to the registration area and the elevator to the room. No need to haul your heavy luggage across the maze of a casino. Getting a taxi was also quick, not much of a wait. You get all the amenities of Mandalay Bay too. The pool area is more chill family setting, not so much party party which is a great break after a night of partying.
THEhotel is THE hotel.  . . I've only stayed here once while attending a destination wedding, but I hope to return.  The room chosen for our party had two rooms, the bedroom and a living room.  There were two bathrooms.  One had a huge bathtub where I could decompress from all of the wedding activities.  The beds were huge and very comfortable as were the rest of their furniture.. . The five star goes to their service as well.  From the housekeeping to the front desk to the massage therapist (umm...I did mention I needed to decompress...didn't I?,) everyone was very helpful.  THE hotel soap, shampoo, and conditioner have a refreshing sort of smell. . . As for the rest of their hotel, they offer enough stores and such that one doesn't necessarily need to leave the hotel.  The wedding reception had been held at a restaurant in the hotel.  Even the bride had her makeover at a hair salon located inside the hotel.
Awesome all suite, non gaming hotel which means smoke free!! Loved the warm personal robes and slippers, too!
These sleek suites are extremely comfortable and the separate sleeping-area make them perfect for a good night's privacy. The Mandalay Bay casino and gaming environment is also above par.. . Pros: Accommodations, Casino, Private
Best hotel in Vegas. Lazy river, amazing sushi restaurant, cheap suites, wave pool, Mix, Lion King, and a low douchebag ratio.
This is one of my fave hotels in Vegas.  We stayed in THE H Suite for a friend's wedding.  IT IS GIGANTIC!!!!!!!!!!  Love love love!!  This suite is very posh with all the amenities.  The bathroom itself is as big as most hotel rooms!  Can't go wrong with chilling in this suite.  You won't want to go anywhere else.  . . The bed is very comfortable and only comes as 1 king.  There is a sitting area in the room for privacy in the bedroom.. . Love that its in THEhotel because of the smoke-free environment.  Ahhhh.. . Splurge here!!  It'll be all worth it!  :D
My favorite hotel to stay in Vegas, hands down. I stay here whenever possible. Nice views from the rooms, the suites are comfy and the extra comforts go a long way toward making a Vegas experience a great one. Having 2 bathrooms is a GODSEND, thank you for that!!
Very nice hotel. We didn't get a strip view but the interior is all very polished and deserves its status. The rooms aren't too expensive either. I would definitely consider coming here again.
First off, I have to thank the Mandalay Bay concierge for bumping our rooms to what is basically a suite at THEhotel.  It really DOESN'T hurt to ask if we can get an upgrade if you're not being weird/ mean about it.. . If I had to sum up my stay at THEhotel, it would have to be luxurious, elegant, and relaxing.  This isn't party central, and it isn't a gaming hotel- but seeing that I'm not a big gambler anyways, I was perfectly happy NOT having to walk through the multitudes of machines/ tables to get to my room.  It's a lot quieter than its sister hotel- the Mandalay Bay, but it's also a lot more refined.  If you're here with your significant other or even with family, I would highly recommend this place because you won't get bombarded by all the garish trappings that signify 'traditional' Vegas.. . Our suite ended up being amazing, and consisted of 2 rooms, one 'living' area with a sofa and the bedroom, with an awesome king bed.  The bathrooms were spacious, and the tubs, while they weren't jacuzzis, were actually bigger than normal- in case you want to take a bath [hinthintwinkwink with more than one persons in there].  The only drawback was probably the toiletries- I was half expecting that they would have better soaps/ shampoos there, but it wasn't a big deal.. . Front desk was nothing short of amazing.  Closer to the end of our stay, I ended up being in a car wreck, so after hearing about our plight- they were really accommodating about things.  This hotel is probably not for those looking to rage in Vegas, but I would absolutely come back if I get the chance.
Amazing views, amazing service and an amazing experience. . . We went here for NYE 2011, and it was outrageous!! TheHotel at Mandalay Bay is a huge step up from regular Mandalay Bay. I really was disappointed with my experience there.. . Anywho... the suites are gorgeous and lavish. With 1.5 bathrooms and the suite-style room, I definitely felt pampered. There were 6 of us who stayed in the one room and it didn't feel crowded whatsoever. The beds were ridiculously comfortable, as was the rest of the furniture. The housekeepers who came spent at least 1/2 an hour cleaning it, doing a very thorough job. We never had to wait very long when we called for towels or linens and they didn't linger implying they wanted a tip either. We pretty much had to yell at them to come back to retrieve the money that was in our outstretched palms.  . . The sandy pool area/wave pool thing was closed for the season but they had Moorea, an upscale pool lounge area, open with music and a bar. Several other hotels on the strip didn't have any of their pool areas open, so this was a huge plus considering it was in the 80s over New Year's weekend. . . LOVED every minute of it, wish I could go back more often.
We had standard rooms booked @ Mandalay and tried the $20 sandwich trick (http://www.thetwentydollartrick.com/) and got 2 successful upgrades to THEhotel.  Gorgeous suites w/ a living room, couch, wetbar, and flat panel TVs in both rooms as well as the bathroom.  Even the hallway leading up to the elevators made me feel like such a VIP being able to stay there.
Loved this hotel! The room was so nice, had a separate living area with flat screen TV, 1.5 bathrooms and the bedroom felt so relaxing. I know others might not like this but it was a little on the dark side but that helps me sleep in Vegas!. . Never had to wait for an elevator unlike at some of the hotels with a casino and it's so close to the mandalay casino you can go over there to eat and gamble and then head back to your nice quiet, non smoke filled hotel!. . Would definitely stay here again!
We stayed here for 2 days in August 2011. We asked to upgrade to a jacuzzi suite and all they had was a penthouse. The room was massive! We stayed on the 62nd floor and could see Mix next to us and had a clear view over the airport and part of the strip. We were able to enjoy all of the pool amenities that Mandalay Bay had to offer, although it was somewhat of a commute to the pool area. And we also enjoyed the jacuzzi tub that also has a view of the strip and steam shower!! The accommodations were fantastic, service was extremely helpful and I would recommend staying here, especially in a penthouse suite!
Took their offer for free hotel stay and I am impressed.  Great room and great location.  Staff were great.  . . Nothing to complain here.
Great resort.  Everything is laid out great with the exception of the 2 mile walk to the events center and conference halls.  Room service is great and there is a great selection of amazing restaurants.
The word is a-w-e-s-o-m-e. . . It's an all suite hotel that offers magnificent view of either the mountain or the strip. While hotels' concierge (except Days Inn's lol) have always been helpful to me, The Hotel's level of service is one of the finest. The service matches those that of The Phoenician or other luxury properties. Matthew Reed was the concierge that efficiently helped me. . . This is far away enough from the college kids crowd on the strip gambling during their spring break. Have you been to Excalibur? It's a differentworld. Here, you won't smell like pot. . . Hungry? There are over 30 restaurants to choose from in the nearby Mandalay Bay. And if you are a high roller and want to gamble, Mandalay Bay is attached to it. You won't hear a lot of "blings" though - I am not sure if their slots give money away and I don't think that casino is their business. Unlike other hotels like MGM or The Mirage, there isn't a lot going on. When I was there, there were no shows aside from House of Blues. But they are 10 minute cab ride away. Or 20 minute walk. You'll burn off those fat you gained from Border. . . The room... clean and pretty. A living room with huge flat screen TV, three seater sofa and a desk so you can work. Wifi is free and comes with the $25 resort fee. Throw the silky pillow on the floor, it feels weird and your head will slide down. Inside the bedroom, there is a big tv, slippers, robes and a lot of hangers. The bathroom is beautiful. The shampoos smell great. . . The beach... oh the man made beach... is packed with beautiful people AND it's fun. There's a wave pool too! . . I was here for a conference and it's a hike to go the convention center. You can rent mobility scooters for $80 and be like grandma. Wear hills at your own risk but don't wear sneakers (it's illegal). . . Come come and you'll enjoy it!
I really loved THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. Besides having a great room with a wonderful view, the staff here is honestly one of the best in the world. I was not expecting the level of service that I received. Amazing. This is south on the Strip, but it's worth it alone for the great suites, awesome staff, and quiet atmosphere.. . The separate living room and bedroom is amazing. The bathroom is awesome. Everything is the highest quality. So comfortable.. . The room service was wonderful. Prompt, 24 hours, and great quality. THEcafe downstairs has the best breakfast. THEcoffeeshop has terrific salads for lunch. THEstore has Perrier with Lime and chocolates.. . I love that you walk out of the casino and it is instantly quiet here. THEhotel is the oasis in Vegas that I wanted.
The WHOLE hotel smelled like a spa. This was an awesome hotel experience and I will definitely be returning. Be sure to go to the burger bar.
This is a well hidden secret in Las Vegas its called the Hotel in Mandalay bay.. This is a different building from the main Mandalay bay resort.. Some of the great benefits I see are easy approach when you are driving in from LA . . Once you enter the main parking garage go down the elevators then just walk out from the entrance doors towards the north side of the parking garage and you will directly enter the Hotel. Most people enter the casino then its a very long walk to the Hotel.. As this hotel is a compact building you do not see the hordes of people at the reregistration, as it is quick and simple process. . The  rooms are quite, beautiful and relaxing. I just love to stay in the room and enjoy the views. . There are many restaurants in the resort and you can find almost any kind of food.. A tram connects the Hotel with other resorts nearby  and is free to use.. The Mandalay Bay Convention Center, located nest to the Hotel  is one of the largest privately owned and operated convention centers in the world. The 1000000 sqft facility is owned by MGM Mirage. It is attached to the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino and adjacent to the Mandalay Bay Events Center. . Located on 11 acres, Mandalay Bay Beach provides the ultimate in aquatic relaxation. This world-famous playground offers a wave pool*, lazy river, three swimming pools, jogging track and 2,700 tons of real sand.. One can book the rooms on-line quick and easy.. The resort is clean and spotless. . There is no end to shopping as hundreds of shops are all around this resort.
My company was attending a convention at the Mandalay bay after doing a little reading about the Mandalay i came across a few reviews about "The Hotel at Mandalay Bay". Which is essentially a monster boutique hotel which is attached to the Mandalay Bay. It has more an adult feel.The rooms are contemporary and little over the top. I believe they are all suites. I had a TV that was embedded into my bathroom mirror. I did not see any kids on this portion of the hotel. It does however share the pool facilities w/ the Mandalay Bay where you have the option of an all adult or the family pool. Everything here was top notch and it's located right on the strip. My colleagues loved the suggestion. Top notch all around.
The Hotel is one of my favorite hotels in Vegas!! Was here at a psychology conference with colleagues in May!  It is easy to get to from the airport and the valet service is fantastic.  It is  the whole package deals with wonderful decor, great rooms, awesome restaurants, and the list goes on!  You could literally spend your entire Vegas trip in this hotel.
I just love this place. Over the top quality suites, great service, staff always smiles, the decor is top notch and the beach pool, lazy river and overall party mood of the Mandalay Bay makes this a top destination in my book.. . Can't go wrong whether you travel on business (free Internet) or want to have a great bachelor(ette) party, bring a special someone or bring your family, or just want to relax (avoid the beach pool) this the place to go.. . Many options for food and they take care of you.
We go to Vegas at least twice a year and most often stay at the MGM but have stayed up and down the strip - Encore @ Wynn, Caesar's, Luxor, Planet Hollywood, Flamingo and Palms. This time we decided to stay at THEhotel and without a doubt we have found our Vegas home. Check-in was friendly and helpful. We arrived about 10:30 and they checked our bags so we could go to the pool and then called when our room was ready. Friends had raved about the pool @ Mandalay and they were right. The wave pool and lazy river combo kept our daughter entertained for hours. We ate/drank everyplace by the pool and what we really liked is not only the friendliness of the staff, but how we didn't feel milked for every last penny. Food, drink, lattes and pastries in the morning and dinner at House of Blues were all very reasonable andhelp to guarantee that we'll be taking the trip back more often. The Junior Suite is more than enough room for our family and that space was helpful so we could relax as a couple and as a family. Bell and valet service was extremely prompt. All in all a great time and it looks like we've found our home in Vegas :)
Stayed here in SEPT 2009 for my sister's Bachlorette party!  We had the suite it was stunning with a view.  Also the staff was friendly as usual. The valet staff are always nice too!  We enjoyed our stay here I must say. I absolutely LOVE the Mandalay Bay pool the best I've seen :)
still the best non-generic 5 star hotel I have stayed at.  I have not stayed at Encore, Cosmo or Aria yet... I always get the second best suite, so this has always been nice!
I just got back from a fantastic weekend break at THE hotel at Mandalay Bay. I really enjoyed my previous stay at Mandalay Bay last year and my expectations for their boutique tower were high. Let's just say that THE hotel exceeded my highest hopes in almost all areas. . . First of all the interior design of the public areas and the suites is absolutely gorgeous- everything oozes class, refinement, sophistication, and sublimely good taste. My corner suite was totally amazing- three flat-screen TVs, living room, one and a half bathrooms, huge designer tub and a beautiful marble shower stall, all drenched in tasteful shades of brown, black, and fifty shades of gray (sorry, I had to! :). At night, the views from my suite were spectacular also. . . A cool aspect to THEhotel experience is that guests are only a very short walk (2 minutes)  away from the main Mandaly Bay resort even though it feels like you are staying in a completely different hotel. The dining and drinking options are outstanding and the pool is spectacular but jammed with people (which is to be expected on a weekend in July). . . The shops and eateries/bars at the Mandalay Place retail corridor are nice too- special mention should go to the ice bar Minus 5 and the very authentic Irish pub Ri Ra (pronounced Ree-Raw BTW).  The only thing that is conspicuous by it's absence is the lack of a proper dance club but there is live music nightly at the House of Blues. The shark tank exhibit is a must-see also and well worth the cover price. . . If you are a gambler, the casino is huge but not overwhelming, on weekends the lowest table minimums (for blackjack anyway) hover around $15 during the day and rarely drop below $25 at night. However there is cheaper gambling next door at Luxor and even cheaper still at Excalibur (the next resort up the strip), both of which can be reached in a 5-10 minute walk or by a very fast tram service. . . All of the staff I interacted with were extremely professional and went out of their way to be welcoming, friendly, and helpful. Customer service is excellent too- housekeeping overlooked my room on one day of my stay, and when I mentioned this at check out, all of my resort fees were waived for the entire visit. All in all THEhotel provides excellent value for money and provides a sophisticated and delightful vacation experience. I'll definitely be returning.
If you're a snobby/condescending rowdy college student who acts rich but really isn't, please don't come here!!!  This isn't one of "those" hotels.  And PLEASE PLEASE don't register 20 friends in a room for a couple nights at this hotel and party up.  There are OTHER options.. . . As mentioned in previous reviews, finding the lobby to TheHotel was confusing due to very little informational signage.  The hard part was finding this place once I parked my car.  So remember this shortcut tip to get to the lobby:. - via parking-lot escalators:  go to level 1 and make a left. - via parking-lot elevator:  go to level 1, then go out towards the parking structure and make a right.  . . The decor is dark/contemporary and modern...very attractive and upscale.  Pedestrian traffic was minimal compared to other hotels.  At check-in, there were about 10 people ahead of me which is very short by Vegas standards.  . . Compared to The Trump Hotel, TheHotel is a little nicer in my opinion.  Unlike The Trump which is completely isolated from anything, TheHotel has just enough isolation to keep non-guests at bay, but is interconnected to so many things (i.e., parking structure, shops, Luxor, Excalibur, restaurants, Starbucks) so stepping foot in the horrendous summer heat is completely avoidable if one so chooses.  True...TheHotel lacks a nightclub, but that's not necessarily a bad thing for those seeking serenity.  Loud party-goers will likely stay elsewhere.. . Other highlights:. - beautiful mountain views from the 15th floor. - all the rooms are suites, . - plenty of fine dining options
I stayed at The Hotel June 20th in an H suite. I paid about $145 for a Sunday night. The room was in the corner facing the Luxor, and was clean and spacious. The Hotel was experiencing elevator problems, and it took about 45 min from check in to room. I love this hotel. Pool is best in Vegas. Don't be cheap, upgrade to all suite hotel...worth every penny.
Just returned from another 5-day stay at the THEhotel and it was nothing short of amazing.  Our Las Vegas summer trips have become a tradition the past couple of years.  Our kids refuse to stay anywhere else in Vegas because they absolutely enjoy the beach and the pools at Mandalay.  We love THEhotel because it is the non-gaming, non-smoking and a quieter and more sophisticated all-suite tower of it's sister property, MandalayBay.  . . Paul at the front desk checked us in quickly.  I asked if there were any penthouse suite upgrades available and unfortunately he was not able to offer us any upgrades for the first night.  He informed me to call in the next day and alas, the following day we were upgraded to a beautiful suite on the 62nd floor with 180 degree view of Vegas from the mountains, strip to the airport.  The suite has a large foyer, hardwood floors and at least 1500+ sq ft.  There is a sofa sectional, dining table for 6, bar area, office, desk and sitting area (couch plus two chairs) in the bedroom, en suite in the bedroom with a gigantic jetted tub and a shower that doubles as a steam room.  It's also nice to have an add'l half bath in the suite.  The suite is set up for surround sound with at least 6 sets of in-ceiling speakers.  Drapes are controlled electronically with a wall mounted unit.  Since we transferred from a two queen suite, they offered us 2 roll-aways for the duration of our stay.  I also love that they stock the bathrooms with my favorite brand L'Occitane.  Our new suite also had the standard plush bathrobes and slippers that are also in their regular suites.  After a long day of swimming and being a Resortist :), it was nice to be able to retreat to our spacious suite to unwind for the rest of the day.  The kids also got a kick out of the helicopters that were often outside our window.  . . Just a couple of tips:. . 1.  Bring  your own K-cups, sugar, creamer and paper cups for the Keurig coffeemaker.  In-room coffee is not complimentary.. 2.  For a shorter route to the pool, go out the front entrance towards valet and cut across the garage to the MandalayBay entrance from the same garage.. 3.  Bring your own tubes for the pool.  They blow them up for you.  The giant tubes at the MandalayBeach store are $25. . 4.  Enjoy the pool later in the afternoon 2pm-close.  During the summer, it starts cooling down a bit (although not much) later in the day.  It's also easier to find empty lounge chairs during this time.. 5.  There are many food options at Mandalay, THEhotel and at The Shoppes at Mandalay Place sky-bridge.. 6.  Install the MandalayBay app on your smart phone for tips and add'l deals during your stay.. . The only minor issues we had was the spotty wi-fi.  Cell reception is just awful in any Vegas hotel, regardless of the carrier you go through.  Not really the hotels'  fault, but I wish something could be done about it.  We always felt safe at THEhotel but I wish they would add security guards that check room keys by the elevators.  It just adds that extra level of security that is pretty standard at other Vegas hotels we've stayed at.  I was told that they would be starting a remodel of the rooms starting in early 2013.  I'm looking forward to seeing all the updates when we return.. . I can't say enough about the staff at THEhotel...from the front desk, housekeeping and the valet.  Everyone we encountered was welcoming and courteous.  The front desk staff went out of their way to make sure that our requests were met.  We encountered issues with our DVD player and called down for assistance late at night.  Nobody ever came to fix the DVD player so Paul was kind enough to give us a complimentary movie for the night.  The housekeeping staff always kept our room fresh and maintained.  The valet guys are quick, topnotch and always offer complimentary cold water bottles to keep you hydrated.  If you encounter the same excellent service, please do tip them accordingly and generously.  . . Thank you for another wonderful trip for the memory books.  We're already looking forward to our next stay...
Very impressed with this hotel.  Our room was very clean, had a separate tv room and two bathrooms.  We were able to bring our dog with us and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  Only thing I would like to see is free wi-fi.
Loved The Hotel. Great rooms. Smells amazing. Best pool in Vegas! Will return again!
Amazing hotel. Not only is a suite. It is also nicely decorated. It is expansive, but i get a discount. I love the room and it is glamorous. Decoration is awesome. It is two rooms. It comes with two bathrooms. a sofa living area and standing shower and a spa. It is worth the money. Also it is right next to Mandalay Bay. Plus the casino is loose and it is easy to win. I highly recommend this place.
I am now a fan of The Hotel at Mandalay Bay! It is everything you expect from an upscale hotel in Las Vegas. . . I want to commend the staff on how friendly and accomodating they were. From the wonderful people in their cleaning service, to the security guard to the front desk and the concierge, everyone was super friendly! They treated us like VIP's ... even though we weren't. . . Bravo to the staff at The Hotel!
We arrived and the check in was quick and the staff very curtious. Or room was on the 37 th floor across from each others room. We came with a family of 8 two suites for the family. The rooms were very clean and spacious. . The kids wanted to go to the beach and the pool, so went down and the place is awesome where can you get a beach in a hotel in Vegas? The kids enjoyed the lazy river, pool, and the favorite was the wave pool. They had a blast and have to say it was very nice to have a place where you can have fun with the family and when the time your ready to head back to the hotel room you don't have to be in a building full of the smell of smokers or have the tourist from other hotels walking around. That's why we choice The Hotel  at Mandalay Bay and not Mandalay Bay. Love the place and will be back.
We stayed with a friend in a nice and modern suite.  She slept on the sofa in the living room and we slept in the bedroom.  Our room hand a bathroom with shower and bathtub.  It was nice & spacious.  The living room had a toilet too.  It was perfect for our needs and the internet plugs right into your laptop - convenient!  . . We had super comfy robes and complimentary cozy slippers.  Since we could control the room temperature, we were always quite comfortable.  Both rooms had big televisions too.  . . We enjoyed the pools on Sunday.  Since it was the holiday weekend, all of the pools were pretty busy but not uncomfortable.  We got there too late to get any shady spots and all of the cabanas were already taken.  So we found shade while in the water.  We wanted to swim in the wave pool but it was temporarily closed for a few hours.  When it reopened, we went swimming in there but it was a disappointment.  If you've ever swam in the ocean than this weak in comparison.. . There is a food court and some nice restaurants inside the casino area.  We ate sushi during happy hour that was good and reasonable.  There is also a nice coffee shop located near the room elevators with beautiful pastries and cupcakes.  I only ate an apple danish but didn't get the chance to try a cupcake.  The banana ones looked wonderful!
The suites are ginormous - and the luxury bathrooms are to die for. Deep bathtubs, standalone showers, beautiful marble... lots of closet space... and great room service and customer service.. . I absolutely adored this hotel.
I JUST LOVE LOVE LOVE This hotel from the amazing fragrance in the lobby area .  to the plush exquisite suites! any time I visit Vegas  this MY hotel choice every time :)
Romantic, quiet getaway for two.. . I love Mandalay Bay, but the casino (although nice) is not conducive to quiet weekends alone with the significant other.. . Solution? The boutique hotel known as TheHotel. A++++ 5 star service for sure. Quiet, clean living space with lots of space in which to "frolic". We prefer TheSuite; Separate living room with flatscreen TV, extra bathroom, and wet bar for entertaining... and in the main bathroom, a huge tub and glass-walled shower! Depending on the placement of the room, I have gotten a view of the Mandalay Bay pool or the strip. . . We always go here when there are good discounts.... and that increases the value and affordability of our stays greatly. This is my first choice hotel on the strip. Maybe I'll get to try the even higher end hotels one day, when I'm a billionaire. =P
I stayed here with a friend to just splurge ourselves and we got a good deal on a suite with a living room with a view of the 15 south and Mandalay Beach.  We thought the valet was the same as Mandalay Bay but when we got there, we were told to drive around through the parking garage and look for the THEhotel valet sign. We drove around back and the valet area was not as fancy looking like Mandalay's and is just located inside a parking garage which isn't inviting at all.. . The staff here were very professional and customer service was excellent and it's attatched right next to Mandalay Bay away from the casino but next to the theater so it can get pretty packed when people are exiting the show to get to the elevators. Our suite was a 2 queen with the softest beds, living room 1.5 bath , huge minibar with sink and 2 flatscreen TV's I thought was a bit too much for us.since we were hardly in the room. We loved the cafe in the lobby because of their daily specials and the bar and lounge area make a great relax from the long walks on the strip. It's also close to the Luxor but a long walk to the tram and Mandalay Bay's restaurants but that's what being secluded is all about. The beach is quite a hike from your room about 20 minutes. Overall I enjoyed this boutique experience along with the Signature at MGM.
I have NEVER had a bad stay here, this was probably my 8th or 9th time staying here, it's always fabulous. I love the fact there is no casino in this hotel, it gets rid of a certain "feeling" in Vegas that I could do without! The front desk is always excellent with their check-in procedures, as well as very customer service oriented. The staff here really makes any accommodations possible which is always nice. The rooms are excellent, although over the years you can see one or two things that might start to need replacing, which is normal for high volume hotels. I love their restaurant, their bar, and their gift shop. It's just a great place, and I will ALWAYS consider this place when staying in Vegas.
The suites here are pretty incredible. They have an absolutely amazing view and furnished very nice.
This hotel was perfect for our five-day Thanksgiving stay.. . Our suite was on the 19th floor, and we had more than enough space for two. The bathroom is probably the nicest part; there are two sinks,a giant bathtub, and a large shower. There is also an extra powder room accessible to the living room. The only downside in the room, as others have mentioned, is that the TVs are relatively old. They work though, even if the sound level is inconsistent and the picture quality is below the now expected HD level.. . There is plenty of drawer space on both sides of the bed and in the armoire. The furnishings were in good shape, and the carpet was clean. The wireless internet access was more reliable than I've come to expect in many hotels. . . THEhotel location in the back of the property connects right near the sports book in the Mandalay Bay casino.  The Mandalay Shops are nearby as well. The lobby is decorated with dark wood and low lighting, and has a fresh spa fragrance. The staff was friendly and helpful. We used the concierge and my wife enjoyed a massage at the Spa. It was nice that the lobby area, with accompanying lounge and cafe was quiet since the casino is further down the hall. Very quiet and relaxing.. . Our room was also very quiet. We were the first room on the hall, next to the ice machine. We never heard the ice machine. The only thing we could hear was the pipes of our neighbor getting the shower going in the morning. We never heard door slams or people in the hallway, etc.. . Keep in mind that you will be charged a resort fee (~$30) in addition to your room rate. For this weekend, our average night (not including resort fee) was less than $110. Even with the resort fee, it was a good value.. . I was a little leery of Mandalay Bay because it is all the way at the south end of The Strip. This actually worked in our favor this time because we rented a car. The access to the self-park is incredibly convenient, and we were able to get in and out of the hotel without any traffic challenges. In fact, we didn't even need to venture on to Las Vegas Blvd. Access to I-15 and 215 is very convenient. By foot, you can catch a tram to Excalibur, and Luxor is a quick walk through the Mandalay Shops. From Excalibur, you can walk around or through NY,NY and catch the next tram in Monte Carlo that will take you through City Center to Bellagio.. . I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially to someone who has been to Vegas before and isn't worried about being right in the middle of everything. Take advantage of the accessibility to the roads and go see some off-Strip stuff like Hoover Dam, the Pinball Hall of Fame, and the off-Strip restaurants (better value with still very good food). See my list for details.
Wow, our suite was gorgeous. Very modern, clean, spacious and the matress was king and comfort. 3 TVs. This hotel was very quiet because they have two hotels, Mandalay Bay and THEhotel, and our side doesn't have casino. I am not a casino person and stayed quietly and relaxed.
This is my favorite place to stay in Vegas!! The suites are amazing!! Very clean and quiet rooms, spacious with spa tubs, shower, vanity, gorgeous view, and bathrobes and slippers. Best pools in Vegas, with outdoor running path, plus spa, restaurants, etc. Fabulous customer service and prices are reasonable for such a nice hotel. Tram is available for transportation to other hotels which makes it so much easier than constantly paying for taxi. Love, love this place!!
My favourite hotel in Las Vegas. It has it's own dedicated entrance so you don't have to go through a casino to get in and out but it is part of the Mandalay Bay complex so you still can access that casino quite easily.. . Mandalay Bay has also the best pool complex and clients of "The Hotel" have full access to it. This was a big point for my wife and son when they came here with me while I was at a convention (three years in a row).. . Rooms are quite large (most are suites) and the decor is nice and understated. Service is top notch.. . The unknown part is that it's been rebranded this year to "Delano Las Vegas" so I don't know how it will affect the place and the price.
love this hotel! you dont need to go anywhere else if youre staying here. everything you need is there. great gaming, terrific restaurants and shows and shopping.  Beautiful new rooms. and the BEST POOL in VEGAS without question!!
I've stayed at Mandalay Bay and The Hotel several times and I just absolutely love it.  I even stayed at the T Suite during my bachelorette party.  . . I recently came back from Vegas this past weekend and stayed at the T Suite again.  Housekeeping kind of messed up on my request.  Upon check-in, I asked for 6 dental kits, 2 shaving kits, and 6 sets of blankets/bedsheets/pillows but only received 2 dental kits, 2 shaving kits, 1 pillow and 2 blankets.  Was a bit disappointed.. . However, the room service totally made up for the lack in housekeeping.  . . Loaded Baked Potato - GOOD!. Fettuccine Alfredo - A bit on the bland side and needed to add black pepper and Tobasco sauce for some taste. Pepperoni, Sausage and Mushroom Pizza - Decent. Penne Vodka - Good. Chicken Noodle Soup - GOOD! . Steak Sandwich - Literally, a slab of steak in between a bun.  Not good.. Sesame Ginger Chicken Wings - DELICIOUS!. . The casino is pretty awesome too.  My husband prefers Mandalay's Sports Book over the other casinos.  Also, I usually win money on the floor.  My friends and I recently discovered Video Craps and love it more than shooting the dice on the real deck.  We can't wait to go back to Mandalay.
I enjoyed this hotel so much and here's why:  non-smoking lobby that smells like fresh aromatherapy, beautiful modern suites, huge bathroom, soft bed, 2 free Buffets per stay (Expedia offered it), easy parking at back, nice beach, Mix on 64th floor is amazing, live band and dancing at Mandalay.  Easy check in, however another person is right that they only had king beds available, but a roll away bed was ready. I was fine with it. I highly recommended THEhotel!
Loved The Hotel at Mandalay Bay! The suite has lots of room and is a real two room suite. The bed was very comfortable as was the sofa. The room was clean and housekeeping did a great job each day. There isn't much to the hotel itself but the decor is fresh, clean and elegant. It's connected to Mandalay Bay which has tons of things to do with great restaurants, shops, pools, and the Shark Reef. We stayed six days and had a wonderful time. We booked our room three months in advance and got a good deal at $114 a night. The rooms run much higher normally.
I've stayed here twice! . . This place is very different from Mandalay Bay...it is an extension to the hotel that are mainly luxurious suites!. . The suitewe stayed in had 1.5 bathrooms, living room, work desk, huge bed, closet, and luxiourious bathroom!. . The check-in was fast and easy..no complications.. . Staff were helpful.. . Only problem is that it is somewhat off the strip..but its walkable.
The suites in this hotel is probably every woman's dream loft. No joke, I fell in love upon entrance. Huge mirror right when you walk in, spacious living room separate from the bedroom, full bathroom with shower and bathtub, a half bathroom on the other side of the suite, mini bar area with fridge. And shelves, shelves, shelves everywhere!! This was perfect for sharing with a bunch of girls because we had shelves to put each of our accessories and didn't crowd up the entire sink area. But wait! There's more! There were 2 separate closets with mirrors on the outer doors, heaven for all womankind!!. . Since THEhotel is at the very beginning of the strip, most of the popular stuff is not walking distance, but there were no complaints here!. . There isn't a casino in this building, but you can walk over to Mandalay Bay to play.
Probably the nicest room I've stayed at in Vegas. The hotel doesn't have a casino of its own but it's connected by a very short walk to Mandalay Bay which does. It's very modern and classy, the absence of a casino leaves the hotel smelling of the fresh flowers and clean. Reminds me of the Wynn, not the stereotypical Vegas clientele. I would of rated it higher had there not been some issues with a resort credit that could of easily been side stepped as well as one of the rooms that had a corner view basically had no closet due to all the windows.
Conveniently located next to Mandalay Bay Resort and easily accessible by foot and vehicle to all other strip casino resorts. The shopping mall will directly lead you to Luxor or one can access the tram all the way to Excalibur. Use Frank Sinatra Drive or Hacienda Ave at the rear of the hotel to easily avoid all strip traffic congestion.. . All rooms are suites with separate bedrooms, living rooms, a large bathroom and powder room. There is also a mini bar and coffee maker. The only negative comment I would say is that there is no refrigerator so if you dine at a nice, pricey high end establishment but cannot finish your meal and want to bag it, you will have no refrigerator to keep it in.. . The best accommodating feature about this establishment is THEpool! No other casino/hotel there has a beach, man-made wave machine and lazy river all in one. Definitely a must with kids!
I stayed here for 3 nights just last week. We stayed at Mandalay Bay and not TheHotel. The hotel is at the very end of the strip which was a plus and also a minus in some instances. Check in was a breeze. I was in the 2 bedroom suite on the 60th floor and let me tell you this room was pretty dope. Upon entering the room I took a minute and inspected everything. Everything was up to par and clean. The beds are super comfy and the jet bathtub was super clutch. Even had a tv to watch while soaking in the bath. . . The casino itself was also pretty nice. My only complaint is that the bathrooms are scarce. I was playing pai gow in the lotus room and had to walk a good 3 minutes to find a bathroom. Drink service while gambling was excellent.. . I had breakfast at Raffles cafe and it was pretty good and standard vegas prices ( 20 bucks for 2 eggs and some meat and toast ) . My only complaint is the lack of quick and cheap bites to eat. I had to walk through the mall and go to luxor to get some McDonalds and some pizza place. . . I would recommend this hotel to friends and family. The service was excellent, the rooms were beautiful and I had a great time!
The Hotel. Overall 4.75 Star. . Gold medal- Room size. Silver medal - Free Wifi. Bronze medal - Mandalay Beach. . The only deduction I would give The Hotel is that it is a far walk from the casino area and that is new, but not that new for Vegas as like Cosmo.  Funny how things get old in Vegas oh so fast!  . . The rooms here have a nice living room with powder room.  The bedroom and the bathroom are all very roomy as well.. . The hotel has free wifi for no extra charge.  Unless you count the resort fee as an extra charge.. . The Mandalay Beach is amazing!!  There is sand, a wave pool, a lazy river, and a Euro section.  ohlala!!. . HAPPY HOTELING!!
Totally worth it.
I ALWAYS stay at the HOTEL..This time I went allout and did the HUGE Penthouse suite 61st floor...AMAZING sq footage..tons of big screens..3 bathrooms..jacquizzi..etc..The pools were fun..I just dont like paying $26 for a strawberry and rum iced drink by pool. each day by pool I spent about $200 bucks drinks and burgers/sandwiches.. The casino is always super clean and fresh air. buffet a steal at $17.00 in am..late nite buffet prime rib shrimp cocktail n more amazing. its a 9 star not 5 star rating
Such a beautiful place! Had a very nice stay and great service.
Enjoyed my stay very much! smoking rooms were not that bad as people make them out to be. Do not use the coffee machine in the room they charge you 4$ for it and I suggest checking in earlier than 3pm,
One of the nicest suites I have ever stayed at. This was my second time coming here and enjoyed everything this awesome hotel has to offer. Nice pool, spa, beds and comfort .  I will be coming back soon that's for sure.
Super nice mini suite. Very cool that there was 1 1/2 bathrooms and the view was wonderful. The second room had a nice TV, couch, desk, bar and bathroom. The bedroom had comfortable beds, a TV, and a very large bathroom with a TV.. There was a little smoky smell in the room when the air conditioner was on but it seemed to go away later in the evening. . The staff was super and always friendly. I will definitely stay here again.
Besides the annoying name, this is a very nice, elegant hotel.  I read some one-star review on Yelp and she's whining, because she stuck 20 people in a room and they only gave them three sets of towels.  LOL.  OMG.  Can they even stick 20 people in a room?  Is that allowed???  Can you say cheap!  I'd say shame on THEhotel for allowing them to do that and then get a one-star rating on Yelp for it.  They should have thrown them to the street.  Per person they would have paid more for 10-rooms at Motel 6.  Who does that?  There is a separate living room area and bedroom area.  The valet is very close to the elevators, the benefit of staying at a hotel not hotel-casino.  If you want casino, it's only about a 100-meters to next door, Mandalay Bay.  You can also use the Mandalay super large pool area.  So it really is sort of the best of two worlds.  You don't have to walk through annoying casino floors to get to your room, and it's quiet there, and then if you want, you can walk over to the casino and large pool area where they have a casino at the pool!  Great service too, although the three valets didn't notice my car pull up at 2 AM even after honking.  No biggie.  They were prompt otherwise.  Had a really good time here, and the Mix Lounge has a great view of Vegas on the top floor.  Only bad thing, no fault of THEhotel was walking by Michael Jackson's show, the pedophile whose fans conveniently ignore that fact.  Like if you're rich and famous enough in America, you can kill your wife, rape a child, sell junk bonds and get bailed out, not pay taxes, and snort coke and never spend a day in jail.  I loving America!
Simply an amazing hotel. The Hotel is the best tower at Mandalay Bay. Rooms are spacious and have beautiful views. Every attention todetail was given.
I got upgraded to this hotel from Mandalay Bay for my birthday!! The wonderful staff upgraded me to a 1 bedroom suite! I must say out of all the hotels I have stayed at this was by far the best one. The suites are great!! I also loved the wonderful Michael Jackson Tribute and pictures they had in the show area very nice! HOwever there is a funny smell in the elevator area and in the hallways. Smells like a sewer!!  But after so many drinks lol I didnt even notice anymore. Thats why I give 5 stars!!
Definitely one of my favorite places to stay in LV. There's no smoking in this Hotel! Great pools and really good Blue Crap Eggs Benedict at the Cafe.
I love this hotel. The rooms are inexpensive suites if you're an mlife member you can often get the rooms complementary! You can bring your dog (which I did) for an extra $50 per night. They even have the pampered pet room service menu. Yes room service for your dog.
Love this place and we got an awesome locals deal on a suite through MGM. Can't wait for a night away to celebrate our anniversary.
Yup, this is my go to hotel. Easy close check in, adjacent casino, manly decor, spacious and comfortable accommodations. Easy and great for entertaining. listen up folks, I don't know where you are all staying in Vegas or WHY, but if you are looking for a spot, this by far is the best bang for your buck. . Everything about this place is awesome, from the ceiling to floor bar, the secondary bathroom, the huge tub and awesome shower, the stylish entertainment systems. If you aren't staying here, you are missing out.
Wonderful property away from the crush of the casino floor.  It's peaceful. . . Great rooms, accommodating staff, free valet parking and suites. . . The staff could not have done anything more for us.
We go to Vegas between 4 and 5 times a yr. We have never stayed at The Hotel but have visited Mandalay frequently to dine or to gamble. Usually we stay center strip, I have always thought about staying at The Hotel but its so far south on the Strip its sort of out of the way. But after tons of offers to stay we couldn't pass it up.. I'm so happy we decided to stay there, maybe its because center strip has become stale to me, I enjoyed myself more this trip than I have in a long time. The rooms are great. Very roomy and had a wonderful view of the strip. Everything is modern and updated and housekeeping does a great job. Room service was only decent but the wet bar in the room was top notch. . Mandalay Bay is so big and so much to it, you really don't need to leave. All the restaurants, shopping, clubs, bars, shows, etc. you can want. Plus they have a wonderful spa. Still not as good as the one in Aria but good nevertheless. . We are going back to Vegas for Xmas and will be staying at The Hotel again.
I love this hotel. After spending years of LV stays at the Venetian, we decided to step out of the box and check out other hotels. This was my second stay at a new hotel and I was pleasantly surprised. The suite size was just right and the bath tub was the best I've had. Seriously. It was a struggle to get me out of that bath. Customer service was great, which isn't saying a whole lot since we didn't have any problems or issues during our stay. The only time we talked to anyone was during checkin/checkout, so I'll have to test the service further before I give a definitive answer. I also love the quiet entry. No crazy lines to get to your room. We brought our young daughter along this time and it made us really appreciate the lobby...no heavy smoke or noisy machines to walk through just to get to your room. And the decor is spot on. Love love love. . . A couple of things... the only flatscreen tv was in the bathroom. I pretty much expect every tv to be a flatscreen in LV. And it really doesn't make any sense seeing as the rooms are beautifully decorated and very modern. So that one kind of left me scratching my head. Also, I've heard/read a lot of comments about the reservation system. Apparently it's first come/first serve, so you're not guaranteed a room, even if you've paid for it and have received a confirmation. Another thing that doesn't make any sense to me. These were the only qualms I had; I will definitely be staying here again.
This is always the place to stay in Vegas. The rooms are large and have all the amenities. The penthouse suites are a perfect upgrade for special occasions with nice meeting rooms and a sound system to fill the big square footage. Most of all, unlike other hurried front desks, there is awesome personal customer service, thank you Keoki!
No complaints, very chic upscale boutique hotel! Pet-friendly too if you choose to bring your pet. Away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and smokey casino. We stayed in a standard suite that was like a mini apartment: 1/2 bath in the entry, wet bar, separate living room, separate bedroom with full bath with tub and separate shower. Conveniently located by the MJ One Theater and elevator to Mix lounge. Great customer service and ammenities. Down side is The Hotel has limited dining options, you have to go to Mandalay Bay for buffet dining (which is terrible by the way, don't eat there- if your offered free buffet, read the fine print, usually only free for breakfast or lunch, if you use it for brunch or dinner you may have to pay a difference) or Mandalay Bay's shopping and dining area. Will definitely stay here again though because the room was impressive.
5 stars off the bat for Travis Proctor. He resolved our reservation situation in a jiffy. Our room was fabulous, the stay was great, and we felt like we were truly guests and not just a room number or paying customer. Thanks for smoothing everything out and finding a solution, Travis! (I SHOULD mention the woman who originally "helped" us by making us call our travel agent, punched out and went home, without telling anyone what was going on!) . Fabulous housekeeping service, sweet lady at the coffee shop replaced my 3 year old's muffin when I dropped it, and a gorgeous property are all part of my accolades.. . Caveat: Shark Reef is REALLY hot, humid, and crowded...plus it's pretty small...
