The first casino that I entered when I was a kid. I remember the parking lot challenge where cars play musical chairs. I remember the water coaster as I went down and my balls started to hurt. I remember my dad getting prizes. I remember looking at all the slot machines and being pushed out of them by the security guards. I remember the go-karts as I smashed it against all the people. I remember seeing the circus show which was 4 minutes long. Yes all these things made me check in the hotel with my girlfriend in our first road trip escapades. At $24 after New Years in a comfy room, this place gets all the marbles. Oh and did I mention its a casino for everyone except all the snotty people?
All considering - price, value, location, The Circus is a good deal. For the people slamming the Circus where else are you going to go with your $20 per night???. . This is still a MGM property and they do a okay job maintaining it. And even compared to some nicer hotels the circus compares well. . . I recently stayed at the Renaissance (a 4* hotel) by the convention center and the walls are paper thin. For a old hotel the Circus is built well (brick and concrete).. . Again, in terms of overall value I give the Circus top marks. I ALWAYS leave the circus with a big bag of stuffed animals that I win for my Border Collies:). . If you're expecting 5* luxury then stop being cheap and pay the extra $$$$ and STOP COMPLAINING!!!!
review for MIDWAY games!. I only come here for he midway games!!! probably the best games in VEGAS.... when i get pretty broke lose all my money from gambling, i take my last 20-40 bucks and end up there for hours playing those kiddy games.  MY favorite is the horse racing where you roll the ball into a colored diamond looking holes and the HORSES/CAMELS/ (watever animals they are..) go as you roll in the specific colored holes... anyways i pay $1 to win a BIG stuffed animal (depending how many players go against you)... but hey nothing feels better then WINNING a big prize with $1!!!!! . To be honest, this hotel is pretty ghetto... but just go there for the midway game. ANd oh YEAH.. GOOD LUCK on ordering drinks on the table cause they dont have that many variety on drinks.
Circus Circus is a great hotel on the Las Vegas strip. The hotel is actually one of the affordable hotels on the strip. They have the Midway where they have arcade games, circus shows and of course the Adventuredome, which is an indoor theme park with rides. its a great place to take kids and as for the rooms, most rooms remodeled which are better now and its best if you stay in one of the tower rooms. I just do not recommend the manor rooms which are motor lodge room across the street behind the skyrise tower. I'm not sure if the manor rooms remodeled but that area is a little creepy at night. I just prefer one of the tower rooms since its near the restaurants, stores and entertainment. but its a hotel that I recommend if you are looking for good deals.
I loved it here when I was younger, but now its not really my scene, but its a great hotel if you have kids
I don't know why there's so many bad reviews on this place, but I love it.  I always win at this casino.. . I've never stayed at the hotel or ate from the buffets here but gambling in this place is A LOT better then any other casino because when we come here, we always win something.. . When you come here, (and any other casino) make sure to get the Player's Card.  They have a deal right now that if you spend $10 they give you $5 for free or spend $20 and $10 are free.  Make sure to get this as they give them to you as chips and you have to go play at the tables.  You CANNOT cash them in but if you win at the tables, you get your money plus extra back.. . I came up about $40 on tables and $20 on slots.  My boyfriend came up about $50 on tables and $20 on slots.  . . This place doesn't look all that run down, maybe the outside does a little bit but the inside looks decent.  Playing tables at this place has been the easiest compared to all the other casinos i've gambled in.  I came up money, so that's all that matters.  A lot of other casinos take your money in a blink of an eye but this casino, is for me, much more lenient then the other ones.. . I don't know why any family would take their kids to Vegas as there's always naked pictures on the floor, passed out drunk people outside and cigarette smoke EVERYWHERE but if you do decided to take them, this place is probably where you should bring your family as they have a huge arcade on the 2nd floor and they're always showing acrobatic shows every so often.
We got a great room in the casino hotel. My kids loved it and the adventuredome. Recommend it for all kids.
I love this place. Took my 2 boys ages 7 and 5 so we were able to enjoy Las Vegas in a whole new way! We had an awesome time here. The all day passes are definitely worth it if you're staying here.. We went for a few hours then came back later at night. We went during the week so there were little to no people in the place ( MY KIND OF THEME PARK!) My boys had so much fun. Make sure you use the coupons they give you when you check in. There are a few coupons in there for free games and $5-$10 off all days passes at the Adventure Dome. Overall we had a great time here!
5 stars because:. It's a unionized hotel, the rooms are much nicer than what you expect, staff is friendly, conference rooms and catering were decent and its incredibly cheap to stay here. They also offer casinos, a wedding chapel, entertainment like a trapeze artist act, dining and bar options, amusement park which is really fun, shopping and more.
I love. It. Best. Of. One. Circus Circus
Round and round the various paths leading up and down, across and under, to reveal a plethora of games, the ubiquitous slot-machines, and attractions performed by multi-talented clowns, acrobats, and prestidigitators who contain one surprise after another.. . At the request of a young cousin, we dined at The Pink Pony. Excellent service, courteous and attentive. Faerie-tale environment. Repaste receives a 4/5.. . Entertainment recommendation: Circus Acts {4/5}, Adventure Dome {for the Halloween season, this is featuring the "Fright Dome" spook attraction, which is quite amusing; 4/5}, The Midway {evocative carnival games including the ring toss, watergun targets, ball throws, and an animatronic fortune teller; 4/5}.
This review is only for the margaritas that we enjoyed both times we were in vegas.. The first time a few years back was before the extensive inside renovation which highly confused us this time.. We had remembered walking straight back to a huge bar with 99 cent oversized margaritas.. Yes that right, sompaired to other that charge upto $30!. Now we wandered through the endless maze of Circus Circus not knowing where we were going, everything was newer, bigger, better!. Finally we found a new margarita bar (by the left side of the entrance) and got the super kitchy yard long margaritas on a sling and mixed tropical mango and strawberry lemonade margaita for a yard long drink for two while we explored the strip.. Only in Vegas baby, only in Vegas........................
Circus Circus is absolutely worth the price! We checked in super early at 9am for no additional charge, the desk lady was very nice andthe line was short. She gave us great and easy to follow directions to our room which was on the 21st floor of the Skyrise tower with a view of the strip. The room is super clean and comfy. Huge bathroom. We are  happy with the hotel so far! . . For $30 a night, I'd definitely stay here again! I have no clue why they get such bad reviews. If you want a baller suite go somewhere else! This place is fantastic for  the price!
Love the free nights we received and its great for children they can play games, ride some rides, and there's circus acts, McDonald's, Rockin Rita's (the food is ok but the service is great very friendly), don't care for the Buffett it seems as if all their food is a bit bland the best thing would be The Garden GrillI absolutely love that place the all you can eat prime rib is great very tasty with green beans and garlic mash it's great and the all you can eat BBQ ribs is also good the strawberry shortcake desert is quite yummy and you must get a ice cream shake its old fashion and so delicious...take a visit to the popcorn factory it's odd flavors of popcorn but really good, and Krispy Kreme donuts I don't care to much for it but it makes a fast breakfast for those with kids, also try the Pizzaria it's really good pizza, great ceaser salad fresh and I liked that brand of dressing, and they also deliver to your room so that's a great deal if you feel like staying in a night and if you don't want to find parking go ahead and valet and if you don't want to wait in long check out lines use express check out fill out the paper put the keys in envelope and drop it I. The box on your way out. If you're on a budget or not its a great place to stay!
Had a blast!! Some rides were closed. :( overall great place. Food and drink!!! Room was nice and clean!
It's fun.... This place has live shows and lots of little shops to spoil yourself with. I got ice cream and and burger. And I sat and watched a few acts for free that they offer. Its like being at the circus and all the employees are extra nice. Hmmm I got popcorn and they gave me a huge free water with ice! I liked that they have a lot of nickel machines to play slots. This is a nice place to hang out I will be back ASAP. This place is cool it does not break ya bank and most of all you will have a nice time if your with family its super kid friendly and family focused.
This review covers Blackjack at Circus Circus.. . This is one of the only casinos in Las Vegas to offer $3 blackjack. And with $3 are decent rules (by today's standards anyway). It's 6 decks, double after split, dealer hits soft 17, no late surrender, and split aces receive one card. They have a $5 double deck game as well pitch (so cards are dealt face down). They also have a "party pit" which has lights and loud music. The way the party pit works is if you get a blackjack while the lights are on, you get 2-1, instead of the 3-2 payout for blackjack. The thing is, you must be betting $10 a hand. . . The $3 tables are often full, but it won't take long to find a seat. There has only been 1 table on my visits, but plenty of $5 tables for blackjack. . . One word of advice is to sign up for the promotional chips offer. You give them $30, and they will give you $45 promotional chips for table games (blackjack, roulette). You play the promotional chips until you loose them. It's basically an extra $15 of the casino's money to play with. They also give you win cards with the chips which advise you on how to play the game (for example, in blackjack, if i have a 16 and the dealer is showing a 5, what do i do?). One thing to note is that some of my table mates were a bit offed that you "have" to loose the chips. It's gambling for a reason. No one ever wins every single hand. If you win, you get real chips, and you stack those up. Play the promotional chips until you are out. You can repeat this offer every 6 months. . . The nostalgia of Circus Circus is awesome. Not only was it a place for my childhood, but now, my blackjack needs as well.
My husband and I brought our 17 year old and our 7 year old for a summer vacation and as a present to our son for graduation. I read all the reviews and decided to stay anyway. First off everyone is so nice we got there at 2 in the morning and they went above and beyond to get us in quick and they comped our resort fee. We stayed in the sky tower it was clean didn't smell and it was very quiet. All of the restaurants have decent food and there is so much for the kids to do. The midway was cheap and fun and they loved all the free performances through out the day. Be prepared to walk it is a bit of a distance but worth it. We actually had an issue with there credit card system that was doubling our payments they fixed it right away and comped us food and gifts for my boys. This place was great for me and my family will most definitely stay here again.
Not as clean or fun as it use to be...but, for the cost (29.00) per night-----it was well worth it.  I could have paid $300 and stayed at the Mirage---but chose this on a budget and was happy.
OK...I PROMISE YOU, THIS REVIEW WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN. I consider myself to be an EXPERT when it comes to staying and playing at Circus Circus. Why so? My parents first drug me there in 1994 when I was in the 4th grade and the strip looked WAY different than it does now. I am now 28 and have gone to Vegas probably over 20 times and every time we stay a few days at Circus Circus. I consider this place THE BEST deal and experience on the strip, no matter your age. LET ME BREAK IT DOWN:. . . STAYING: CC has different room options to fit your budget. When we first started going there we would stay at the "motel-like" manor rooms, located OUTSIDE of the main building. The rooms are the least expensive and were clean and cozy. It has been many years since I have stayed in the manor rooms though. From my understanding they have not been remodeled like the newer rooms and towers. We have also stayed in the Skyrise Tower. These rooms are also very clean and nice, but I do not have believe they have been update yet. When we stay there, we always stay in either the West tower or Casino/Main tower. These two towers have very nice, updated rooms. This past time we stayed in the Main tower. The AC was freezing cold, rooms smelled fresh, clean carpets, PERFECT and COZY. No complaints. . . PLAYING: I was just at Circus Circus over Labor Day weekend. We were there for 4 days. My mom won $5,000....ON SLOT MACHINES while there...that should say something. Not only are the slots loose, but the table games usually have $5 minimums. The cocktail waitresses come by frequently because the hotel is smaller than mega resorts, and the dealers have been working there for much longer and usually have very interesting stories to share. This is one of the only places I know of that has a small section of slot machines that still uses COINS!! It is so cool to hear the clank of the dollar coins when you win :) GREAT PLAYING EXPERIENCE EVERY TIME WE VISIT!. . CHILDREN/ARCADE/ADVENTURE DOME: WARNING...WARNING...WARNING...During the day you will see children...sometimes LOTS of children. It can get annoying, not going to lie. HOWEVER, this shouldn't bother you too much for the following two reasons:. 1. If you have a family, then this is the place to BRING your children. You should be THANKFUL to CC as it is a very kid-friendly place. The adventure dome has thrill rides and lots of games. The arcade has video games, arcade games, and carnival games, and LOTS of cool prizes to be won. 2. If you DO NOT HAVE KIDS OR ARE NOT TRAVELING WITH KIDS, then you should be LIVING IT UP and partying and playing at night (while the kids are no longer walking around) and sleeping in during the day (when the kids are roaming around down stairs in the hotel. Therefore, you will likely avoid the mobs of kids that walk around during the day. NOTE: the summer months are particularly bad (lots of families with kids) any other time, it's actually pretty cleared out.. . DINING: CC has several yummy eateries. Though I have never been to their steakhouse, my parents have, and they say it is DELICIOUS. I do know that it has won "best in Vegas" for like a crazy number of years in a row. There is also lots of casual dining like McDonalds, Pizza, Krispy Kreme (aka donut heaven), and Rock n Ritas. My personal favorite place to eat the West Side Deli. This place is 24 hours and has AMAZING sandwiches (the hot pastrami is my favorite) as well as YUMMY chicken noodle soup and a strawberry shortcake that cannot be beat. . . LOCATION: Yes, CC is located in an area that is now a little more desolate than it once was. However, the Riviera and Slots of Fun are both a walk away AND both locations offer inexpensive table games :) ALSO, you can get to other hotels quickly. The Duece bus pick up is RIGHT OUT FRONT of Slots of Fun. You can take that bus anywhere you want to go up and down the strip and downtown. Other hotels, you usually have to do some far walking to catch the bus stop. . . POOL: Circus Circus has three pools. It has been a while since I have been, but here is what I can tell you. It is certainly going to be crowded during the summer months...but that's ANY pool in Vegas. Here is a secret...TRY TO GET INTO THE POOL FOR THE CAMPING GUESTS. Circus Circus is one of the only, IF NOT THE ONLY, property on the strip that lets you park your RV at the Las Vegas KOA location at Circus Circus. There is a pool for the camping guests, but it is very close to the main pool. The pool there is LARGER and LESS CROWDED. . . OTHER/GENERAL STUFF/TIPS: There are TWO valet areas. One up front, one in the back. If one is full, check the other. Circus Circus has improved with time. Some people think that it is old/outdated, but NO, I do not believe it is at all. In fact, I can say that I am impressed with their attempts to stay fresh and modern. I do wish they had wider walk ways, but that would be my only suggestion. Make sure to join the players club to earn awesome food/room comps while there. ENJOY!
When you stay here you get what you pay for. Don't expect it to be a top of the line fancy hotel. It is a very nice hotel and the staff is very nice. They were very understanding of my service dog and even told us were the closest exit from our room was to take him out to potty. We stayed there on a super busy weekend so it was pretty crowded. The dome area was fun as well as the arcade games. I would def recommend this hotel to families. Our room was really nice..a bit above the quality we were expecting! Everything was clean and newer looking. Very large - as we need wheelchair accessible room. The food was good but a little pricey (which is expected)...I loved that they have an Annie Anns in the hotel!!! Only thing I wish was better is that they had a bigger pool. Its was 120+ outside and the pool was WAY to crowded.. . Overall its was great.
What can I say about this place? The hotel section actually has no smoking signs. The general demographic seems to be people from all over the world. I got a free upgrade to a better room at the same rate. I had a ton of fun at the Adventuredome theme park which has places to smoke just outside a thin glass door. I saved by using their McDonald's open for breakfast-dinner. I don't know what kind of lifestyle you lead, but I was much more comfortable in this atmosphere than if I was at the much more ritzy Paris Hotel & Casino. I never felt like my kids were in danger, and I always wanted to be anywhere but my awesome hotel room so I could be doing any of the number of things to do at this place. I literally just came from Disneyland the day before, and had much more fun between gambling, shopping, rides, and booze. This will always be my 1st choice for Vegas. 5 stars! . . Note: The dart game gives a prize to 12 and under no matter what.
I am giving a 5 star mainly because of how attentive the staff has been to any issue I've had. The hotel is not a luxury hotel, but is clean and nice. When I initially got the room, they broke down the fees "hotel, resort fee for this day, and that day, and tax, etc" it was clear and there were no surprises. I had an issue with the wifi in the room, and the staff on the phone walked me through tech settings. The issue was beyond that, and they said they would send someone to reset the network in the building and I would have internet in the next 20 minutes. I thought they were just brushing me off, but they really did fix the issue. Just general friendliness from the customer service people. I'd recommend it.
Honestly I read a lot if bad reviews about this place but if you have kids this hotel is perfect for a fun family environment!!
