HUGE portions, delicious food. I had the snickers flapjack and the boo had the chicken and waffles. Long wait but well worth it! Only a few minutes from the strip and was featured on Man Versus Food - SQUEE!
After seeing a review of Hash House A Go Go, aka Twisted Farm Food, on the Travel Channel, my husband and I knew that we had to pay this place a visit on our next trip to Vegas.. We chose the Sahara location as we wanted a more "mom&pop" experience as opposed to dining in a casino ( additional location in the Imperial Palace). We had a wait of about 45 minutes on a Sunday afternoon and was treated very nicely by the host staff.. Once seated, we were amazed at the platters that were coming out of the kitchen! Everyone was taking pics of their food and people watching is the state of the atmosphere, so if you're bothered by people looking at you and your food, this may not be the place for you. Sometimes, people will even take pics of another table's food, it's that amazing!!!. Other reviewers have stated that the portion sizes are embarrassing, but, hey! that's why we came here...for something different, memorable, a little bit crazy!!! If I want run of the mill, I'd go to Denny's ... (boo). . I had originally ordered a soda but quickly added a S'Mores Latte when my "neighbor" at the next table had their's delivered...yummy over-sized chocolate latte teeming with roasted marshmallow topping and chocolate drizzle...add some graham crackers to dip and it's practically breakfast in it's own right!!!. My husband ordered the Sage Chicken Benedict while I ordered the French Toast. The french toast is dipped in a banana creme batter and is served up with a griddled banana. The dish was tasty and filling, but I admit I was a bit envious of my hubby's platter which was overflowing with the most flavorful and juicy chicken dish I have ever had...I wish I would have talked him out of more than the few bites that I did...it was so good!. We have another location in SoCal and will plan a visit there soon with friends...the prices are a bit steep, but you get plenty for the price!!!
Simply a must stop every time I visit Las Vegas. Top quality food without none of the bad ingrediants typically in alot of the strip restuarants. . . The food will revitalize you, specialty the fresh squeezed juice.
Went to this spot because of recommendations from a few different people.  We got there at 7:45 am and by 8 the place was packed!  Clean place and nice, friendly wait staff.... and delicious food..... . .... in fact, the food was so fucking awesomely delicious that my taste buds had multiple orgasms during my meal.  . . I ordered the chicken and waffles.  I was kinda expecting to get the Roscoe's style chicken n waffles (which I also love).... but it was totally different.  They brought out my plate with a huge piece of chicken sitting on top of four big bacon waffles... yup that's right, BACON WAFFLES.  They actually had slices of bacon going through the middle of the waffles. I didn't read that part on the menu, so that was the best surprise a chicken n waffles dish could offer.  I mean who doesn't love bacon?!. . And the portions were HUGE.  Go to this place hungry.. . And if you have Twitter, tweet that your eating there (@HashHouseLV) and you get a free drink!. . Hash House A Go Go is a must!!!!!
Wow!  Simply amazing.  We saw this place on Man vs. Food on NYE.  We figured that we MUST go the next day.  It was packed, but the wait wasn't that bad.  By far it was the best breakfast I have ever had.  I ate the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  My buddy had the Fried Chicken and waffles.  (They cook bacon in thier waffles)  WOW so imaginative, so tasty, so amazing!  When are they opening in LA?
What can I say...HASH HOUSE is how breakfast should be! Big portions, great flavor! The corn beef hash is excellent! Fresh ingredients, savory corn beef, and most of all the size of this thing makes this an excellent choice for breakfast. You wont have to eat until dinner time! Everyone should pay this place a visit...if you want a sample of what you can get, check out Man v. Food  and you'll see what I'm talking about.
When you come here make sure the first thing you order is the Kiwi Watermelon lemonade. I will guarantee that it is the best lemonade that you have ever and will ever had/have. Along with my lemonade I decided to get the highly raved Sage's Fried Chicken and Waffles. This meal was so huge and delicious. I can not wait to go back to Hash a go go and get the lemonade and try another great meal.
Great breakfast!!! Had Corned Beef Hash. Freakin' unbelievable!!!
I have been told for years that amazing food is found off of the strip, but I never did the research prior to my Vegas trips to put this wise advice into practice. Thanks to my handy Yelp app. I easily found Hash House a GoGo and is forever in my app's debt. First of all, this place has moxie. The staff are fun and have character. The menu ranges from run of the mill (eggs, bacon and toast) to original masterpieces (snickers pancakes), of course there is room for plenty of crazy as well (O'Hare of the Dog, which consists of a 24oz Budweiser and a side of bacon). I loved the drink choices, lots of creative mimosas! Hash House will become a new tradition for Saturday morning, I can't wait to return. Word to the wise, show up before you go into starvation mode, you will be waiting for at least 20 minutes.
I never visited this placed when I lived in Vegas. Now that I have moved away, I always go back there when I visit....love the food... HAVE to share the plates;)
fun place and the food was great. by far the best out of the two hash houses we tried. the one on thestrip isn't much of anything. the sahara one is busy but we enjoyed the wait by looking at all the plates coming out of the kitchen. portions were big. can' wait to try the san diego one.
this place always hits the spot...the portions are huge but my bff and i always share the chicken and waffles and to avoid the split fee i always order a side of homestyle fries with some cucumber dressing...the food is always oh sooooo good...the bluberry/walnut pancakes are delish too and dont forget the watermelon lemonade its very flavorlicious only downfall about this place is the wait time wish this place was a little bigger maybe that  would really cut on the wait time...overall this place takes my yummy award!!
breakfast has a new name...Eggs benidict is awesome...Snickers pancake is no joke!!!
We came here earlier in the day and it was packed so we left. We came back later for dinner, around 6:00 and we got right in.. . We split the sage fried chicken benedict and it was huge.. I would definitly order it again, biscuits, eggs, gravy, mash potatoes and whatever else they throw in there.. . I saw plenty of other dishes that the servers where passing out and i want to try those, like the chicken and waffles
Everything about this place rocks, except maybe for the wait. Table next to mine was an Asian family talking a blue streak in their native tongue - until the food arrived, they went silent, and the elderly mom just said, "wow." That sums it up. Almost comically large portions of delicious, decadent southern breakfast and lunch ("twisted farm" as they call it) comfort food.  Hand-squeezed-to-order juices (tangerine is the bomb). Meatloaf to die for. And the fried chicken...whoa. In fact, the best bite of food I've ever eaten may have been the following: at the end of trying (and failing) to finish my chicken and waffles, I scraped up from the plate bits of the sage buttermilk breading from the chicken, waffle scraps, and bacon shreds - all of which were sitting in a pool of maple syrup.  I mean - holy crap. Have to hit this place for breakfast again before I leave Vegas, and on every future trip.  Worth the trip, the wait and the calories.  Get there.
I'll be honest. While the rest of my party who went here may not have liked what they ordered, I loved the food. . . We went here because the driver of the other car, who was the organizer of the trip, saw it on tv on Drivers, Dine-Ins, and Dives, and said it looked good. . . We arrived in Vegas and set about finding this restaurant based on general directions from the other driver. Honestly, if you're not paying attention to the signs on the right side of the road (heading eastbound on Sahara) you can easily miss this location. The location opens at 730, and we arrived here at about 6am. We pretty much spent an hour and a half sleeping in the car. . . The menu is simple, however it would do good to have photos of all that you would be ordering. What you may not realize when you first come to this restaurant is that the portions are very generous. . . What I mean by this is that two of our people ordered a pancake combination. When you order pancakes, you think that they'd be like IHOP pancakes or like McDonald's hotcakes, but this thing, according to the server, was about the size of a medium pizza. He sure as hell wasn't kidding! I mean, that thing was the size of a newborn! Two people shared one of the pancake platters, and the other person gave up on eating the pancake without eating it. (I wolfed the whole thing down in about two minutes for him) . . Two other people ordered a Hash House combination plate, which I believe was hashed potatoes and some green pepper and sausage pieces. One ate most of it, the other person finished only a small portion of it, and shared with the rest of the people on our side of the booth.. . My coworker ordered a waffle platter, and finished only one corner of a waffle and part of his hashed potatoes. He saved the rest in case we were hungry later on in the day. . . The driver of the other car ordered what I believe was Andy's Sage Fried Chicken. When it came out, it looked about the size of a small child's head. The chicken portion that I cut through (to get a bite) was boneless and covered in a delicious sauce. With my help and the help of some of the other people on the table, we finished a little under half of the platter. . . The item that I ordered was the One Pound Hash House Mushroom and Swiss Stuffed Burger with a side of Fries. When the burger came out, It was a lot bigger than I thought it would be. The hamburger patties had the swiss/mushroom mixture oozing out of the middle, and it pretty much dwarfed the hamburger bun. It came with the fries, about four fried spaghetti sticks, and around the plate, there was this caramel type texture sauce. Even with the help of three other people, we only managed to eat under half of the burgers. . . The restaurant began to get much more busier by the time we left, as more persons were beginning to come in to eat the food. The server was very pleasant and came by pretty often to check up on us. . . The next time i go up there, i'm definitely going to stop by here and put myself into another food coma. De Licious!!
Busy but not too busy killer brunch spot off the Strip in North LV.  Menu is amazing and overwhelming at the same time, making for difficult decisions.  Everything here looks so good it is tough to decide on what to eat and drink, as you want to try everything.  The spiked Limeade is a perfect morning-after cocktail; tart enough to mask out the taste of vodka and served with a massive oversize straw for big gulping.  The Gin Mary is really good too, and I am not really into Bloody Marys that much.  Portions are huge.  Had the Favorite Scramble with the salmon, pesto, and brie and tomato.  Biscuit the best I've had in a while. Also a great place to people watch, found myself admiring all the ink, piercings, and different hair colors of the fellow clientele.  Wish I lived near this place, but then again it wouldn't be good for my diet. Probably better that's it's a once-a-year visit. Will return.
bombbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb.
Really good breakfast.  Not sure why it has some bad reviews from people, because the 2 dishes my wife and I got were really good.  I had the banana french toast (will order with extra syrup on the side next time) and the meatloaf hash with eggs.  Both were good and huge.  We also got an orange crush champagne spritzer, which was good despite the fact that it sounds strange.  I would also try the bloody mary's next time since it looked like they made their own mix and everybody was ordering them.
My southern grandma passed away without sharing some of her famous recipies with the family.  This place has food that tastes just like and similar to grandma's!  The tastes of the warm biscuit (with fruit topping) and rich mashed potatos really took me back to my childhood.  The portions are HUGE, you'll probably need a to go box.  Cost is low considering the value.  The bill for two people with a 25% tip was $53.  . . I thought it was interesting that they don't have heat lamps, so food gets delivered to your table as it's ready.  REALLY that's how it should be, everyone gets their food as fresh as possible.  The presentation of the food is very thoughtful and the taste is rich (heavy, southern style).  Don't expect to eat for the rest of the day, you'll likely be too full! :-)  I had a mint latte here that was one of the best I have ever tasted (and I've had tons of lattes)!  . . Our waitress "Kai," (short hair, enthusiastic) was super nice and helpful.  We saw her stand on top of a chair to take a picture of a large party at a table- that's service!  We'll be back and likely ask to be seated in her section. :-)
You have to try this place for breakfast, if you're in the Vegas area. It was amazing! The helpings are huge. The food tastes sooooo good. The atmosphere is fun. I had "Andys sage fried chicken farm benedict". I loved it! My friend had the chorizo hash house. It was good. We had the freshly squeezed juices, which were really good. The wait to get a table was about 45 min, but it was well worth it. The price is a lil' high, but considering how much food you get, it's not too bad. I'm really glad I tried this place.
Ferb and I finally put down the hookahs and set aside the other unmentionable things and decided a road trip to the "Sin City", Las Vegas was due. . . After a couple of all nighters out and about it wasn't until the last day of our trip that we decided to go to Hash House a go-go. Walking in and being mesmorized by the vast amount of pictures staring back at us, we made our way to the table.. . As we sat, we noticed a gigantic edible sombrero looking dish that had some kind of delicious food in it. Then and there I knew that this was going to be a place that would get our alcohol drenched insides back to a legal state.. . As we got our menu, we closely examined what each meal consisted of. Even though it was late afternoon, our drenched insides were burning yearning for breakfast, with a salad on the side.. . A few words to describe that god damn delicious salad. "Oh my, yum yum then some!" The CROUTONS, tasted like they came down from the heavens on a lovely white cloud with trumpets blaring announcing that they have made it to the party, also known as the house salad. Word to the wise though, Do not eat, however tempting it might be, do not eat the sticks that accompany that heavenly salad.. . Not even halfway through eating the heavenly salad, Ferb's tractor breakfast combo, with the biggest pancake known to man, along with eggs, potato and a scrumptious strawberry, came to the table first.  A couple of minutes later, Phineas's mountain of eggs, biscuit and potato joined in. After stealing a couple of Phineas's food, I knew it was the start of a food coma.. . One delicious bite after another, I came to the realization that this was the cure of the alcohol and other unmentionable things that we needed. Bang for the buck, this is the place, and we needed this after a crazy night at the penny slots. That's a whole different story.. . 45 minutes of nonstop eating ended up in laying down on the benches outside the restaurant. With the strip in our sights we knew it was time for more alcohol and penny slots.. . We are in Vegas........ . To be continued.......
my all time fave breakfast spot ever!!! this place is hands down the best breakfast I've ever had! my sis, mama and i rolled in her on a weekday around 9, we had to wait about 15 min. not too bad. our waitress was super friendly and accommodating!.. she recommended a few things to try, and boy she was spot on! their coffee is very strong and stout! loved it! also, they home make their jams daily. my sis, mama and i finished off the strawberry jam on our table, it was divine! the food is such high quality and just wonderful! huge portions! we tried the corned beef hash, it was wonderful! it was like the deconstructed version of corned beef hash. the corned beef was so tender and delicious! we also tried their banana and brown sugar pancake, this thing was like the size of a large pizza!! it was wonderful! we love this place and can't wait to visit again whenever we go to Vegas!
Ridiculously good. We were trying to decide between Bellagio buffet and this place for brunch. We definitely made the right choice coming here. The food was delicious and they do not skimp on the portions.. . I had Andy's sage fried chicken benedict with bacon, biscuits, eggs and mashed potatoes, with a delicious creamy, spicy sauce. The plate was humongous and the layers had to be held together with an enormous steak knife. Delicious, delicious, delicious. My mouth is watering as I think about it. . . My husband had a pecan blueberry flapjack the size of a tire, which was tasty, but more impressive because of its size than anything. Friends had the house hash special (delicious) and the chicken and waffles (yum!). The waffles had bacon INSIDE them (brilliant!). . . I definitely can't wait to go back. Sure, I felt like a whale afterward, but so worth it.
love this place!. . every time i go to vegas i make sure i stop here and get some grub. nothing beats ordering something for brunch and having food for the rest of the day, haha. sage fried chicken benedict always a WIN! the chicken is nice and juicy. the batter is crispy even under all of the fired cheese and that chipotle sauce a must try for the people trying this place for the first time, one of the best sellers on the menu.. . the service, awesome they always treat you nice and checks up on your table frequently.
waited about 45 mins to be seated. ordered food and waited about 25 mins to get my food. . by this point i was pretty upset about the delay.. but once i got my food, I forgot about everything. . I ordered a burger stuffed with mashed potato and bacon.. It was awesome. the burger did not even fit in my mouth. I had to eat it with a knife and fork. and the fries were awesome.. prices are reasonable. you get your money's worth. . 2 thumbs up!
I live in Huntington Beach, CA. and vacation in Vegas when possible. My last trip to Vegas I had the extreme pleasure of eating breakfast at this fine establishment. I have to say in my honest opinion i haven't had a breakfast that has ever or will ever compare to it again. I ordered the Fried Chicken and Waffles. Huge Portion, enough to fill me up till dinner time! Bacon was cooked finely into the waffles which had carmelized or crystalized maple syrup on top of them, I thought how weird but good lord it was like a symphony of dankness on my palet. The fried chicken was very freshly cooked and on the plate there was a sauce for the chicken of the likes of which i cannot compare with any other. These combinations made for a breakfast I to this day wish i could enjoy over here in California. I heard there is one in San Diego but am unsure if its the same company or not. People rave about Roscoes Chicken and Waffles down here, which i have not had, but given the quality of this food and the way it was prepared i cant imagine that any other breakfast joint has anything on Hash House A Go Go. This is a must people. Manditory for any tourist or local to dine at. Very Original, Very Clean, Very well done! Thnx Hash House!
Don't eat 24 hours before going, and you won't need to eat for the rest of the day after eating here!! The portions are larger than life!  Not only that, but they fold in so much flavor into the food!!  Love this place, and so does everyone else so be prepared for a wait.. . The pancakes are as big as a steering wheel.  They are very well flavored and just the perfect twist to a breakfast classic.  But breakfast doesn't stop there.  The chicken and waffles I enjoyed ...seriously I had to take an aspirin afterwards b/c I felt heart palpitations from all the fat/carbs/overload!  Another great selection is fried chicken benedict.  It has everything you want out of a meal.  Fried chicken, mashed potatoes, biscuit, gravy, eggs, DELISH!. . The wait staff was very friendly and very honest in their opinion of what's good and not good on the menu.  . . Plenty of parking.  Bathrooms are clean.  Staff is friendly.  Atmoshere is casual.  Great place to bring your kids...they can scream and it's so noisy...you won't hear them. Mmmm enjoy that chicken and waffles my friend ;)
Well worth the 40 minute wait.  Every plate was stacked with delicious food, better come hungry and ready to grub.  My favorite was the pecan pancake the size of a dinner plate!  Off strip dining at its yummiest!
Not just huge portions, but very well prepared food with attention to detail. . Sage fried chicken Benedict ... It's American breakfast done to the extreme. Definitely order one thing, and share with your better half. No human should finish any of their breakfast dishes solo. Hash House a Go Go is the most exciting breakfast place I've ever been to, and will definitely go back the next time I'm in town!
We heard about this place on Man vs Food.. . The portions were, as promised, huge. I had Tractor Driver Combo, brown sugar pecans, banana french toast. It was spectacular.. . I'm looking forward to going back to have the Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs which I have also heard is awesome.
I was reluctant to try this location since I'd been to the original one in San Diego. I arrived for lunch and was surprised there was not a long wait... NICE. This location is much larger and is open and airy vs the SD local. . . My order the ONE POUND burger with roasted red pepper & griddled smoked mozzarella with side choice of mac & cheese. This monster burger was huge with fresh hamburger (not pre made patties like the others) It reminded me of In and Out but on steroids and so much better. Check it out: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/g8OnV26ywJlZpezdBnOWUQ?select=7RGPFx87hqiNwzhu5oxPog . . I felt like I was on Man vs Food, how do I even eat this? Just to handle the beast, I had to cut him in half which made eating him possible. I loved the flavor of the perfect combination of peppers, oozing mozzarella cheese and perfectly cooked patties. The ingredients -farm fresh purple onions, lettuce and tomatoes. The plate was decorated nicely with drizzled teriyaki sauce which was awesome to dip my burger for added flavor. The mac and cheese was also a huge portion but was not overly cheesy which I also enjoyed. This entree could have been shared between two people easily! . . Well who won man or food... did I finish it... HELL NO! I didn't want to crash and burn driving back to LA - lived another day to Yelp. . . Definitely will return to this location or will try the location at the M Resort.
Seriously one order can feed three people.  Good food. Quick service.  No complaints
Oh. My. God....AMAZING! (If you're coming here, try not to eat for the day because the servings are monstrous!). . I have been to both this location as well as the one in Imperial Palace and would definitely recommend this one by far. (Imperial Palace had equally good food, but MUCH lower quality service). The decor is a bit different for both locations, with the Sahara location being much bigger, livelier, and more attentive service. . . As soon as we got there, we ordered. My boyfriend got the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and I got the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles....sorry, my mouth started watering just thinking about it.... The wait for our food was unbearable, mostly because waiters were walking by with pancake platters  with pancakes that took up the entire plate (about a foot in diameter)! I ordered a mimosa to ease my nerve. It was okay - too much champagne. . . Finally, our food came. Two plates of enormous proportions - my chicken and waffles were the size of my head! It looked really good, though: four bacon waffles, topped with perfectly fried chicken topped with a not-too-sweet maple glaze. (They had to drive a steak knife through it to make sure it didn't topple over). The chicken was tender, but fried in a bit of a spicy batter, which paired with the sweetness of the glaze, waffle, and bacon really well. . . Looking at his benedict, though, I had to take a sliver....which turned into half of his plate, haha. It was amazing! A perfect biscuit, topped with sage fried chicken, two eggs, bacon mashed potatoes, and hollandaise sauce. (Oh, and a slice of fruit to be healthy). The flavors came together so well! . . We ate so much, our stomachs looked like two balloons ready to burst. It was worth it, though. It's been a week, and I'm having withdrawals. . . If you're looking for a GOOD meal or want to be filled for days, or both, then go to Hash House - you won't regret it.
Great food. HUGE portions. Been here a couple times. Not too busy on a Saturday morning. The food is very well done and Tue service is great.
LOVE THIS PLACE! My all time favorite breakfast spot HANDS DOWN of all the breakfast places I've been to in SD. I'm a biiiig breakfast person and I pride myself on having a super picky appetite.  I am a flavor snob and Hash House flies with flying colors in my book.   The ingredients they choose for each dish comes together very nicely and the flavors meld into each other in the final dish they present at your table.  They use fresh ingredients and you can definitely taste it in their dishes.  . . The wait is at least 30 min, so be ready to feed them meters with your  quarters you collected this past week to do your laundry.  The consolation is that they have freshly brewed coffee for you to drink while you wait.  . . One dish can be shared amongst two people and they don't frown upon sharing dishes amongst a few people.  You'd be wise to keep that in mind when ordering for your group of two or more.
Muslims have Mecca. Surfers have the North Shore. Hillbillys have NASCAR tracks. Everyone has their own personal Holy Land. Mine is Hash House A Go Go. . . I started writing yelp reviews because I love breakfast. Now that I have been to Hash House A Go Go I might weep like Alexander the Great because there are no more worthy breakfast places to conquer.. . We arrived to a packed house on a thursday mid morning to a packed house. It is always busy. We sat at the bar and introduced ourselves to Randy the bartender, who was cool as hell. While he was super busy, he didn't give a hurry up vibe. . . My buddy Bear, (who has eaten Sayler's 72oz steak and fixings, making him my personal hero) stated he was hungry and order the fried chix eggs benedict and an additional waffle. Randy asked him if he was sure because that was going to be a lot of food.. . Bear said 'I'm hungry".. . Randy said "If you finish it all I will buy the waffle". . Line in the sand drawn, challenge accepted. . . The fried chick benny is awesome. Fried cheese. Biscuits.Mashed taters. Eggs. Something green. Heaven. I couldn't finish mine. . One of the guys, Steve, had the most delecious smelling and looking plates of french toast I have ever witnessed complete with fried bananas on top. Indeed it was the Best French Toast Ever because we went back the next morning and I had it. . . Back to the Challenge. Bear gave it it a mighty attempt, eventually mixing all the waffle and benedict together and shoveling it in. In the end the waffle got the better of him. Randy said it is the farthest he has seen someone get. He asked Bear who should take the ticket for the Waffle. Like a trooper Bear said "Right here. I couldn't do it"  I think Randy appreciated Bear's stand and bought the waffle anyway. It was awesome. .  . If you go to Las Vegas, get off the strip and try this place. I am looking for a vacation condo near it, so I can live near the Holy Land.
OPMG can't go wrong with anything! But my favorite is the the hammered pork tenderloin eggs benedict with cream sauce!!!!!!!!!1 Its bigger than my freaking head and I only finished 2/3s of the damn thing soooo goood.... the bacon cream sauce they put on that thing is so delicious.... and my runnder up is not the sage fried chicken eggs benedict pretty massive and really good..... Coming here is my new Vegas tradition!
If you love to eat, you love good ole' fashion American Dinner fare then this is the place to be after your night of debauchery!!!!!!
The first stop that we made was a pretty well know spot away from the strip. Hash House A Go Go was amazing. The eatery is well known for their over sized food, and breakfast hash. We decided to order the roasted chicken hash. Like all of the other hashes it is tossed with crispy potatoes and topped with 2 eggs and is accompanied with 1 HUGE biscuit, but this hash has roasted chicken breast meat, garlic, onions asparagus and rosemary. It tasted so fresh and the chicken was moist and full of flavor. The biscuit was no afterthought either. Each table had what I think was a fresh strawberry rhubarb preserve to top your biscuit with.. . Finally, we also ordered the over sized brown sugar banana flap jacks. These cakes were crunchy on the outside and soft and moist on the inside. I wish I had a picture but we were so hungry, it was too late, all the more reason for you to go see it for yourself.
Always the best breakfast place! Best French toast, thick crispy bacon....so yummy!!!
Yes yes yes I went here because of watching Man vs Food..... I ordered the Fried Chicken Eggs Benny with the Chilpolete Bernaise sauce. I can tell you I was impressed all of the flavors together was amazing if you are in San Diego, CA. or Las Vegas (about 5 miles off away from the strip) you should stop in and order this dish. Portion is way tooo much!!! I suggest sharing it and paying the split charge :)
This place does NOT taste like Denny's. I hate Denny's and love this place.. . Correct - the portions are unnecessarily huge. . I think the flavor is unique in a lot of the dishes. I like their famous Benedict and the chicken and waffles with the maple sage reduction was also really good. The french toast is really great too - but I'm a sucker for fried bananas - so I feel those make that dish. . . The staff is nice - the food came out quickly - the wait wasn't too crazy (and I'm usually there on weekends) - and the prices are more than fair. . This may seem weird but the stainless steel tables are freezing - like 'uncomfortable to put your hands' on freezing. And the decor is okay but I don't know if it's that "trendy". The decor reminds me of a barnyard version of Chipotle. But who cares - its about THE FOOD - and the food is really good. . . I always have to go to Hash House if I visit Vegas.
This was the only highlight of my stay in the hotel. On our last day we wanted to go out with a heavy breakfast before the long drive back to Los Angeles. . . Our wait was about 35 minutes but totally worth it.  Food portions are GIGANTIC! In order to really enjoy your food, you need a appetite.  The slogan does not lie in terms of a twist on farm food. The inside as well is very well set up in terms of feeling like you are in a upscale diner with farm twist to it.  This may have been the best breakfast experiance I have ever had, especially for the right price.. . My girlfriend for starters got a S'Mores mocha that looked like a Frankenstein creation of a drink. Marshmallow was melted on top with chocolate and graham cracker mixed in it. The drink was huge and we did not want to touch it since it looked too good to drink. We started to actually sip it with a spoon like soup because of the sheer size and an inch deep layer of marshmallow on top. I highly, highly recommend the drink.. . In terms of what I ate, I got the french toast which came with 3 giant slices of french toast, scrambled eggs, half a fried banana and two big strawberries. I could not finish my meal because I was so full.  No exaggerations here on size of food. . . Whenever a server walked by with someones food, people at other tables would be staring at the mere size and display of the food. When I was walking out, I saw some giant sandwich or sorts with a even larger knife sticking in the  middle of it. The displays of food sets this place apart from any other breakfast joint.. . I can't wait to come back here.
This place is swamped but well worth the wait... People can knock on this place but lets be honest they make damn good food and the portions are definitely some of the largest you can eat.  . . If you show up and the place is banana's (btw banana latte is legit) then try to check in and flirt at the bar and you might get lucky and seat yourself without the wait (your are welcome).. . The meat loaf is crazy good, there are a few options of having it, I have owned some and they are tasty.  The Chicken and waffles are amazing!  Love coming back to this place when I can.
Had the Hardwood smoked bacon, avocado & cheddar burger......uh-mazing !! great food. great service.
Awesome, must go, unique dining experience! The food and presentation are totally unique, what a breath of fresh air!  A must go destination for anyone visiting Vegas. I will be dining here on every Vgas trip from now on!  The food was great....and yes I visited because of TV's food network.
Come hungry.. . I've been going to Hash House since it first opened a few years back. The food is consistently great and the servers are super nice. The portion sizes are ridiculously huge. . . I love the alcohol choices here as well. Pineapple mimosas= yum yum!. . My hubby and I always split what we get. If you don't want the extra plate charge the servers have told us to order an extra biscuit which is huge and always served with homemade jam (flavors depend on the time of year).. . I highly recommend the bacon waffle. It's a normal belgian waffle but has bacon infused into the batter and each corner has a slice of bacon hanging off of it. Life changing.
AMAZING!!!! Wow great food great service! Will return portions are enormous loved bacon mash potato burger hubby had chix benny god so big soooo good
This place was a hidden treasure in the Imperial Palace.  Well worth the stop and search on our way out of Las Vegas.  . . I loved the service (specifially Kai at the bar and our server).  The place as well as our bartender/server was upbeat, fun and so congenial.  Great big portions and so yummy I was in a food coma.  . . I would go back and highly recommend it to others.
Yes, it is possible to eat too much Vegas buffet and eat too many pieces of sushi and literally whatever healthy options you can find.. . That's when I decided I needed some good ole fashioned breaky to slow down the good stuff that I had stuffed myself with at the buffet.. . Holy mother of all that is holy!!1!  The portions here are astounding!  From the monstrous hot chocolate to the chicken and waffle platter, I felt like a tiny little man in front of these gargantuan plates of "twisted farm food".. .   On my first trip (to Vegas and HHAGG) I noticed a sign that asked me to tweet my presence at this funky eatery to receive a special surprise.  Special surprise is right, I was given a PBR in a paper sack!  Quite the shift in gears from free cabernet at the roulette table, and might I add, welcomed.  I ordered one of the hashes which was brought promptly in a ten inch cast iron skillet.  . . "Was this heaven?". I had to pinch myself.. . So much for dieting.  . . It was our second trip to Vegas that sealed it for me.  I ordered the scrambles with sun-dried tomatoes, spinach and goat cheese.  This is one of my all time favorites, I will eat sun-dried tomatoes and goat cheese on anything, but it felt special mixed into my egg plate that was complete with a biscuit and home fried potatoes.  As a side I had to have their bacon.  The word straight from the owner's mouth was that it comes from a company that has been in business at least a hundred years and was chosen on its merit of being some of the nicest honey cured bacon in the land.  I'm sold.  . . Did I mention you could wear one of their flapjacks as a helmet and tie it under your chin?  Yep, they are as big as your fat head.  . . Hash House a Go Go has hundreds of reviews but I'm fairly certain I am the first to suggest wearing their food as protective gear.  Somebody make a Hash House a Ga Ga reference before I blow a gasket, I am in need of some good jokes.  This restaurant, however, is no joke when it comes to serving hearty portions of delicious breakfast food, and this foody is a slave to the twisted farm food frenzy for life!
Great food Great food but the hostess did seat people before us that came after us.I asked why that was and they said because they were a larger party. WTF. otherwise very happy with the food .
I'm giving this place five stars due to the food and service we received. I first heard about this restaurant on Man vs Food. I made it a point to come here the next time I went to Vegas. My friends and I all ordered different dishes. I ordered the Andy's Sage Chicken Fried Steak. That plate alone might be around 4000 calories. It is so freaking good. A little rich for my liking but it's definitely worth trying. My friend ordered the chicken and waffles. That thing is a tower of food, like literally. You get 4 pieces of really tasty waffles and 2 big pieces of chicken wings. Our waitress was Tiffany and she was awesome. She alone deserves 5 stars!
I made the mistake of ordering my food without looking at other peoples' plates. I didn't notice the cyclopean heaps of steaming food on every table - I guess I was too wrapped up in conversation or something. But I doubt that as I rarely have much to say.. . I decided on the mashed potato and bacon stuffed hamburger while my girlfriend went with the salmon and a large glass of tangerine juice - a particular favorite of hers and hard to find on many menus. Then a neighboring table received their order - pork chops. Looking past the gargantuan pile featured on the plate I saw that one side dish was an entire ear of corn. I began to panic.. . Considering the amount of food served up, our orders came quickly and cheerfully from our server. Regret over my choice immediately consumed me and yet, I was excited by the prospect of attempting to consume approximately fourteen pounds of food in one sitting. The stack of my hamburger stood seven inches off the table's surface. I concluded right away that the fluffy bun on top could not be more than decoration, not intended to be consumed, like a garnish, and so it was discarded.. . The menu stated crispy fries came with the burger. I was expecting thin, hard sticks of fried potato, but these fries were among the best I've ever had. Light and crispy on the outside, perfectly chewy on the inside with just enough grease to qualify as a french fry. It's too bad I couldn't finish them since the rest of the meal consisted of a two quarter-acre hamburger patties sandwiching a full liter of mashed potatoes.. . It was easily the biggest hamburger I've ever seen that wasn't on TV trying to break a record. Knowing all too well that no human any smaller than Andre the Giant could pick this monstrosity up and take a bite out of it with their mere mortal mouth, Hash House supplied a huge steak knife stuck through the top of the so-called "sandwich." I am more likely to call it what it is - a gastrointestinal assassin, a destroyer of mens' spirits. The taste of the thing should not be in question. I will leave flowery descriptions of its taste and color and texture and the subtle hints of.... whatever to the real foodie types of Yelp. I am here to relate the experience, that is all.. . About 1/3 of the way into my behemoth of beef and bacon and mashed potatoes, the waitress asked how we were doing. Words escaped me at first, so I nodded too enthusiastically, trusting her not to think I was choking. Perhaps I was chewing. Maybe I was catching my breath mid-forkful. But then I had to ask, "Are these supposed to be shared between two people? Have I misunderstood the whole CONCEPT of the restaurant?" She assured me no, these are meant for individual consumption. It's sort of like Man vs. Food with every item on the menu. I threw my napkin down in defeat. My white flag draped across the seat.. . Somehow I kept eating for a long time, as did my date. We both managed to finish about 2/3 of our plates. I'm no competitive eater, but I feel that I can put food away. More than one person has told me I eat like I'm in the Army. Don't think, just keep shoveling it in. But the food won. During my stay at the Hash House, I didn't see anyone clean their plate. The pork chop lady needed more than one box to bring her leftovers home. I would have taken mine back if only my hotel room included a microwave oven in the same drawer as the Gideon Bible.. . I left the restaurant broken and slightly limping, but happy, sated. I didn't need breakfast the next day. Though I would have liked to see what kind of flapjacks this joint would turn out.
DAM THIS PLACE WAS GOOOD! . . I went with a party of 7 and ordered 3 dishes, 3 sides, and 4 drinks...with tax and tip it came out to $80.   the best part is that we are all FULL!. . The chicken and waffles had the juiciest fried chicken I've ever tasted in my life.  It was perfectly crispy and not too oily.  The waffles were also infused with bacon strips! CRAZY!. . I also had the corn beef and hash.  This dish was also really delicious because it was FRESH corn beef (not that can stuff). . The last one was the french toast with bananas.  This wasn't one of my favs..but still good nonetheless.. . WARNING: as every other yelper mentioned...these portions are HUGE!!!!!  so come prepared with an empty stomach! =)
so, after a late night of over drinking we needed something to help us after we woke up drunker than skunks still! i googled best breakfast in las vegas and this popped up! thankfully google did not let us down!. . the wait was non-existent luckily because we chose to sit in the bar. the place is loud but it's worth it for the food you get. . the quality is amazing. the portions are enormous. i'd consider the pricing fair considering how much they put into the food. . . my bf and i shared the chicken rosemary hash with a side of bacon. my friend got a vanilla waffle. thank god we shared because that was insane. it was bursting with flavors and the best part was definitely those crispy potatoes. yum overload. the biscuit was flaky and with the homemade peach jam was heavenly. but by the end of that meal i was bursting too. i tried some of my friends waffle and it was delicious. the thing was the size of her huge plate and somehow they got the whole thing to be fluffy in consistency.. . it's kind of out of the way but well worth the drive. theres also one located at the M before you head into the heart of vegas.
One Word: AWESOME. . More Words: This is now my favorite breakfast place, not just in Vegas, but anywhere in the US (would be world, but Shangri La Singapore breakfast buffet is really hard to top).  Wife and I arrived mid-morning on a Saturday after a hike in the red rock canyon. There was a short wait and once seated service was great, food fantastic, ambience entertaining (cool mix of tunes on the PA system), and total experience will drag me back again and again.  How to describe the food?  All the unhealthy goodness you desire in a breakfast, with an amount that will have you questioning if you have to eat again that day.
I have been hearing about this place for years and years.  I finally tasted some of their food at the Taste of Las Vegas Food Festival and liked it enough to go to their restaurant.  Well I have been back Numerous times and am never disappointed.  This is a fantastic spot if you have never been,  flavor combos are great, portions are giant and service is outstanding,  the only issue is this is a very busy place so there is typically a wait.
I've wanted to go here for several years after searching for 'unique food in Vegas' and 'best breakfast in Vegas'.  I finally convinced my family to go during a trip to Vegas for a quick fireworks loaded weekend.. . Food is presented as 'twisted farm food' and it's no lie.  The food is hardcore, unique, and massively portioned.  If you get one of their benedicts, or even a pancake or two, I recommend to share amongst at least 2 people.. . I had their snickers pancake and their kiwi watermelon lemonade to drink.   The pancake was massive and scattered with half melted nougaty peanuty chocolaty mini snickers.  It was extremely filling and quite good.  It was just what you would think it would taste like, and I could barely finish the entire thing.  The lemonade was quite good... sort of a tangy drink with the mellow aftertaste of watermelon.  My mother had the blackberry granola pancake and it was quite tangy, but very good.. . I was with my family so nothing too interesting was had... but many people in the place were getting the various benedicts they offer, and they looked amazing.. . The place is a tad expensive, but for its unique take on some dishes, and the massive portions they offer, I highly recommend it.  If you want an awesome breakfast, I do recommend skipping the cheap Vegas cafe and coming here for something quite nice.
amazing delish food, HUGE portions (=leftovers for more hash house enjoyment later!!), whenever i go to vegas again, im def coming here again for breakfast/brunch
Sage Chicken Benedict is my fave! If you are in Las Vegas... you have to come here! Come hungry and ready for some grubbing. I have tried so far everything here so I can not tell you what NOT to get.....they are all bomb!! just depends what you are craving for.  The staff is real friendly and helpful :)  Huge portions and great price!
Went here with the family for my Grandmothers 82nd birthday.  Surprisingly my Mother and grandmother have never been here even though they've been living in vegas for quite some time. . . Hash House a go go is a really fun breakfast brunch kind of joint.  They dont just have your basic continental breakfast.   They'll make you 1 pancake. and that pancake will be HUGE.  I'm 6'9 and i couldnt even fathom trying to eat more than half of my pancake.  Not to mentino the eggs and sausage along with it.. . Personally i had the tractor driver combo which was like some eggs served to your liking, sausage/taters/bacon/ and a pancake.  But they're pancakes are lush and big. mine was  brown sugar and banana pancake.  . . Grandmother had french toast (more like french loaf) with pecan maple syrup.. . Everything was delicious.  But beware it's probably a diabetic coma waiting to happen.  A lot of the things they have here are filled with sugar.  . . The surroundings are kinda Farmhouse meets modern life?   I'm horrible at describing interior designs but the entrance was filled with celebrity headshots with signatures saying how great hash house was.  . . My only beef with the place is it gets really busy (and loud because of it)  But if you can get beyond that it's a great place to take out of towners to cure a hangover.
The breakfast options are crazy here.  Huge portions.  Service fast, cool building, food fresh and delicious, I can't wait to go back to try more.  Problem I ate too much and felt like crap after.
restaurant has its reputation from travel channel and food network, so do expect the crowds and the long wait. Every time when I visit, it's at least 45 minute wait. You can order from the bar area too if you don't want the wait. . As you sit and wait for your order of food, nothing is more refreshing on a hot summer day is the kiwi watermelon lemonade. Just the look of the drink make you want to dive into it immediately. Easy to make recipe with such great combination. Bottom layer filled with 10 percent kiwi juice (POM carries their own kiwi juice), middle layer with 50 percent lemonade, and top layer with 50 percent watermelon juices (appears to be smash watermelon). Another tempting drink on their menu is the Bloody Mary, and it's not for the fainted heart or airline bloody Mary. For $8, you get a large glass of alcohol goodness.. The Sage Chicken and waffles is number one choice for New York time with its reasons, it's layered with 4 bacon waffle. The waffle is perfectly made with its crisp on the outside and still piping hot in the middle with a few crunchy savory bites of bacon insides. These are not bacon bits; it's a large piece of crispy bacon that almost filed the whole waffle. Then we have 2 pieces of crispy chicken breast. From man vs. Food, they first seasoned the breast with garlic, sage, and some secret spice, and then soaked in an egg wash; they then breaded the chicken with corn flakes and flour, and then fry the chicken. My only disappointment is that the breast was a bit dried. But I'm never a fan of chicken breast, I want my dark meat. The chicken is the drizzle with some maple syrup which gives it's sweet and savory combination, and I am a lover for sweet and savory meal. The plate is garnish with a handful of fried leeks, which my husband love very much and hope to incorporates it in his dish someday. I also enjoy their little side dish of biscuit and gravy. This restaurant if definitely worth a return for me to try every dish on their menu. My next must try dish will be the stack fried green tomatoes. I will definitely give their original restaurant in San Diego a try. I've also tried the Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict as mention on man vs. Food, but since the order was a take out, it wasn't memorable. What I enjoy from the take out was the French toast with banana and walnut inside. Their portion is enough to feed two, do expect to walk out with a doggy bag. It's a great value for the dish portion. I consider this good and cheap eats.
My partner and I were driving around and decided to drop I'm for what turned out  to be a great gastronomical experience.  We both ordered the same flavorful dish. It didn't stop there!  We had the most fantastic waitperson.  Her name is Tiffany.. she was one of the beat wait people I've had the pleasure in ordering food from!!  We will definitely be back!!' maybe tonight!. Thank you Tiffany and Jude.
7-15-11:  First visit ever and you get alot of food for a good price. I had the chicken salad sandwich & was able to get two meals out of 1 sandwich! I want to try breakfast there next.
This place is absolutely amazing! "Twisted Farm Food" is how the describe their menu, and it is so true. From their handcrafted cocktails, fresh squeezed juices, and eclectic country cuisine, this place is by far one of the BEST breakfasts I've ever had! I highly recommend the Bacon Waffles, or the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict. Delicious! Get your grub on, y'all!
Came here early in the am after a long drive in from L.A..... the wait wasn't bad at all. The menu features a wide range of food to choose from. Not to mention the HUGE portions! Come with a big appetite
Yes you have to wait but the food is great. Plenty enough for dinner as well.
I have been told to go to Hash House a Go Go since I moved out to Vegas 7 years ago.  I was excited when my boyfriend finally set a date for us to go.  We went last Sunday morning, and after reading the reviews I was prepared for the wait.  If you aren't expecting to be waiting for 45 minutes, then I can understand being upset, but expecting the wait made it ok.  The place is a complete zoo!!  They honestly need to expand the restaurant or at least the waiting area.  We waited in the car because almost everywhere you stand is in somebody's way!  The restaurant is also pretty loud due to the amount of people in there.  I really like the decor as well, it's kind of country meets modern?  And the music was awesome, very original and fit the restaurant perfectly. . . There is a reason for the busyness here -- the food here is great and extremely reasonable considering the portions are HUGE!! I'm talking 2 meals... I took mine home and had it for dinner! I ordered The Tractor Driver Combo.  It was delicious!! The pancake that they delivered was insane... I would say it took as much batter as 6 regular sized pancakes to make that thing!  I was a little upset with myself for going with such a basic breakfast menu item at a restaurant like that, but I don't care... that pancake was amazing.  Plus I got to share with my boyfriend who ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  I honestly don't like chicken for breakfast, I think it's odd, but it was good... There were so many different flavors in every single bite.  It's almost impossible to get them all in 1 bite because the plate is SO big! . . DRINKS  : MUST TRY THE BLOODY MARY!!! I am NOT a huge bloody mary fan, I normally have a few sips and then give it away because I don't like tomato juice... but a friend of mine told me i HAD to try it!! So I did and DID NOT regret it one bit.  I wanted 5 more when I was done for the flavor alone.  It was really spicy and the garnishes are deliciouss. I have been craving it ever since.  My boyfriend ordered the watermelon kiwi lemonade (I think that's what it was called) and WOW that thing is delicious and so pretty!!  All the drinks they were making at the bar (alcoholic and non alcoholic) looked wonderful. I am really looking forward to going back and trying different things!! I have to try the banana latte next time I'm there... It sounds unreal! . . GO HERE!!!!!!!
Try the watermelon and green tomato app!  Also the chocolate bread pudding is a great sharable dessert!!. . Fun to take out-of-town guests to!!
This is my second time coming to Hash House a GoGo for brunch, and let me tell you, it did not disappoint.  . . First off, the pricing:  While none of the food items would be considered cheap, the pricing is slightly less than what you would pay on the strip.  . . Second of all, portions:  Portions here are meant to probably meant to be served towards farm hands who have just had a full days work of lifting  100's of lbs of hay with no break for meals.  They are gigantic.  Trust me, you will most likely not finish your meal here.. . Quality:  Everything we've had here is top notch.  I'm hesitant to say that about any restaurant, however the food is excellent.  The drinks are creative and tasty.  It's hard to go wrong with this place.  That being said, here's what I've tasted thus far:. . Mango Coconut Pancake:  This is bigger than your head.  Heck, it's bigger than the plate.  I think it was about the size of my wrist to my elbow... and with soft sweet mangos (must be quality canned mangos, since consistency and flavor were perfect) and shredded coconut throughout.  The thing about their pancakes is, it's made so well that you're pretty much eating cake for breakfast.  Soft, moist, and tender pancake.  . . Roasted Chicken Hash:  Not sure how they made these potatoes, but they are perfectly crisp and flavorful.  The chicken is roasted well, with a few dry pieces (roasting a whole bird perfectly tender all the way through is near impossible, mind you), but a good dish overall.  This may be the one dish that doesn't stand out from the rest.  I was surprised, however, to see my wife downing the scrambled eggs since she hates eggs... and she loved the way these scrambled eggs were prepared.. . Crispy Pork Tenderloin Farm Benedict:  Here's the winner for me.  A gigantic piece of breaded and fried pork, on top of biscuits, mashed potatoes, with a benedict sauce over the top.  Spinach, scrambled eggs... I was happy to just finish 2/3 of this... and the last 1/3 could have been put between two pieces of bread for a significant size portion lunch.  Get this.  If you like fried pork tenderloin, you will LOVE this.. . Smores Espresso:  Gigantic cup of coffee, drizzled chocolate all over, torched marshmallows covering the whole top, and a few graham crackers on the side for scooping purposes and eating.  Pricey drink, but beautiful and executed phenomenally.  Smores fan?  You'll be in love.. . Hash House Bloody Mary:  I don't like bloody mary's.  But I order this one every time I'm here.  Great condiments, excellent flavor, just enough kick to help jumpstart the day.  (I'm a lightweight drinker, mind you).  Definitely spicy and flavorful, so it's not for those with bland tastes.. . Verdict:  While off the strip, very worthwhile to make the trip.  Great quailty, good pricing, huge portions, and friendly service... I've added this to my list of places to go to whenever I visit Vegas.  Followed by a nice 3 hour recovery nap to be scheduled every time.. . Protips - From the yelp reviews along with other friends who have been there, go for either breakfast or brunch... that's where they shine.  It sounds like dinner is good here, but not as good as the breakfast items.  Also, while splitting is a great option since portions are huge, unfortunately you'll have to purchase side dishes so that they don't charge the fee for splitting entrees...
We went here on recommendation. We were seated right away. Our waiter was hot. That's always good. He gave us suggestions. My companion had corn beef hash. It was slow cooked real corn beef. Cover in gooey goodness. The potatoes were crisp and yummy. It came with a huge biscuit and eggs. I had the tractor combo which was a huge waffle, sausage and eggs. The portions are huge! The orange juice was fresh squeezed. Service was quick, food was hot and the waiter was hot. It was a good day indeed. Granted this was a Tuesday morning. So we were in and out .
The food is plentiful; two people can share the food. If you share...there's a $2.50 charge OR you can order a side and you don'tpay the 'split fee'. The wait is a little lengthy but it is worth the wait. This is a. must do'in Vegas!!!
Sat morn breakfast at 11:30.  Waited 15 mins and were seated outside which worried me because it was 100 already, but they have nice misters!  Worked out great.  A large fresh squeezed juice was L-A-R-G-E - I like that.  Four of us each had something different and we were each very pleased.  The two things that really shined were the french toast (the best I've ever had anywhere) and that came with broiled bananas (mmm, I gonna make those at home! - thanks to my friend for giving me a bite!) and my husband's corned beef hash.  Oh the other thing was my griddled mashed potatoes - Oh yum!  Since we were traveling we couldn't take the rest of our food home, but we sure would have.  Big portions, as you have already heard, so if you don't want to share then be prepared to take it home and that will give you another meal the next day!  Service was fine and the entire experience was very positive.
Everything I expected.. . After watching man vs food. Adam sold me on the sage fried chicken eggs benedict.. . The service was really awesome although the hostess was in some sort of hurry and seemed too busy to answer a question I had. However my waiter came over and explained everything.. . My food was delicious. The chicken was nice and juicy I did add a little salt though.. . Out of all my stops in Vegas, this past trip, this was the most tasty. I'm definitely going back!
BIKI tested and M.V.F. APPROVED! This is not the normal breakfast fare! They have a spin to almost everything you eat! Portioning OMG is HUGE! After all, its serving size is a SKILLET! LOL Top choices are fried chicken eggs Benedict and HH meatloaf! WE NEED THIS IN HAWAII!!!!! I hope you heard that owners!
After hearing about this place from my friends, I just had to try this place.  It turned out to be better than I expected!  The food was very tasty and flavorful; not to mention the portions were huge.  I ordered the sage fried chicken with scrambled eggs.  It was so good, I virtually demolished the the dish.  Service was really good and always offered refills. . . I am definitely coming back here again!
Listen, I love to eat.  Especially breakfast.  Its my favorite meal of the day.  Yes, even better than dinner.  Pancakes, bacon, omlettes, hash browns, crepes, the whole breakfast menu I love.  And I'm here to tell you this place served me the single best breakfast I've had in my life so far.. . I didn't even want to go here.  We were in Vegas checking out the new "M" casino and my wife said her old boss recommended this place for breakfast.  I heard the name of it, and just thought ok another hip diner joint trying to make a buck off their decor and loud music rather than the food itself.  Boy was I wrong.  I think I got the Country Hash Breakfast (?), and my wife got the Eggs Benedict something or other.  The meal names are long and not typical.  To drink they give you option of fresh squeezed orange juice and tangerine juice.  Never saw Tangerine juice on a menu before, so I got that.  Our food was so damn good I was so suprised.  My wife's eggs benedict were piled high on delicious mashed potatoes.  They give you a ton of coffee related drink options (lattes, cappicinos, etc.).  Please do yourself a favor and go to this place if you like breakfast like I do.  5-star hands down, best breakfast I ever had (so far).. . Its kinda far down the strip at the beginning, like 2 miles before you get to Mandalay Bay, but the M casino is upscale and cool to check out.  Just a warning, there was a 45 minute wait on Sunday morning at like 11 am.  But they give you a beeper and you can cruise the casino while waiting.
Still one of my favorite places to eat whenever I'm in Vegas or San Diego. At least make one stop for breakfast with friends or family. Orders can easily feed 2 people and on my last trip my 3 kids shared a dish of eggs, hash pancakes and bacon. I went with the standard hash omelette with garlic mashed (best around minus crustaceans in SF). Orange juice is always freshly squeezed and the staff is friendly. Highly recommend if you're in Las Vegas. There is one on the strip in Imperial Palace however have never been.
Went here on a restaurants.com certificate, heavily discounted through work...and this was our last dinner before the HCG diet.. visit: 8/30/11 Tues, appx 6pm . not busy. Scored a huge ass plate of stuffed meatloaf (2-1" slices) over mashed potatoes with grilled cheese and bell peppers-came with sides of steamed carrots and green beans and the most delicious sauce. Plates so big I can't understand how the waiters are able to bring 2 at a time, seriously it's like a platter. They brought dinner biscuits with anice honey-ish glaze first. I ate about half a biscuit and like, 1/3 of my huge dinner. I went to eat more later at midnight, still only ate like 1/4 of it. Got a full to go container left! . Hubby was able to eat half of his, kiddo ate a kiddo sized portion, and half of that. She got kiwi watermelon lemonade which was really pretty and very good. See pics!. SO I think this is our fourth time here-sign up for the mailing list and get a BOGO coupon...last I checked you could only get it by joining their Facebook and signing up,but it could have changed by now.. If you have a BIG appetite, this is your place. Man vs. food came here, and I think he ate this huge variety of "benedict" which a neighboring table ordered. HUGE. . Of all the places I've eaten, I've never seen such big portions of food.. I really wanted to try banana mocha-maybe next time.. Happy eating!...stuffing your face :X
In every city in America, Hash House A Go Go would be 5 stars. . . The creativity, obnoxious portion sizes, and stout flavorings make for an unforgettable experience. . . Our choice was Chicken Waffles, which is large enough to knock out even the most obese all-you-can-eat buffet loyalist. You literally could split chicken and waffles three ways, since i comes with three large bacon stuffed waffles and two huge deep fried chicken breasts. . . It is a drive from the strip, but if you are in a car, then you can hit the cheap shopping, gas stations, and weirder side of Vegas while you visit Hash House.
The wait was forever but the food was terrific. Can't wait to try it again.  Their bacon was fabulous and I had a very interesting omlette flavor combination.
This place is hands down the best breakfast in Las Vegas! . . I was told the chicken and waffles was good, it was great and HUGE. . It could have easily fed 2 or maybe 3 but I was selfish consumed all 10,000 calories by myself! The maple reduction and fried leeks, OMG. . . The kid's pancakes were also huge. They were the size of the plate, I'm talkin 12 inches of pancake goodness. . . its a little pricey but worth it. . . The server was witty and funny. We enjoyed the whole experience. I have been back and will go back again...
The food and selection were terrific. The place was packed when my group arrived, but we were not disappointed. For four people, each pair shared a dish, and all four shared the pancake special of the day-a banana pumpkin pancake. There was plenty of food to go around. I had the salmon benedict, which was great. There wasn't a ton of salmon, but the asparagus and sun dried tomatos were great touches for the dish. We also ordered one of the special coffees offered for the day. Honestly, it was bland, missing and the rich coffee taste. The syrup added for flavor didn't help. But that's my only complaint. Everything else was great. Great food, great service, great company, I'd definitely come back.
The portions are fucking ENORMOUS! But, thats good, right? For the price, its not too shabby. . . I had the chicken and waffles which were amazing, to my surprise. Being from Los Angeles, the chicken and waffles here (Roscoe's) are like.. a gift from the Gods, so I was kinda hesitant on trying that dish anywhere else, but I'm extremely glad I did. . Lets just say, if I could drive all the way to LV for that breakfast dish every morning, i would. Its so worth it. . The waffles are soooo fuckin' fluffy and they have bits of bacon inside, the chicken was great as well and - well, since I love the presentation part of my meals - the chicken is stacked on the waffles and there's a hugeeee knife going through it surrounded by green onions, mmmm. . . Anyone wanna drive with me to Vegas for some breakfast? . uhh sayy... tomorrow morning? And the day after that? And then the day after?!. . I also paired that meal with a strawberry lemonade which was a little too sweet but all you need is just extra ice and enjoy the bits of strawberry inside. =) . . . MMMMMM.
Be ready to WAIT for your food. They cook everything from scratch. That said everything is gigantic and amazing. I have been to hash-house a-go-go several times with family and friends in vegas and it never fails to:. . a. Take a long time.. b. be absolutely amazing and worth the wait.. . . . highlights include: all of their burgers, massive omelets, and fried chicken and waffels. . . . i hear there is a new location on south strip but i ve only ever  gone to the one on west Sahara. good thing to do on the way to or from red rock.
Clarification: This is a 5 Star restaurant  if you're looking for massive servings of comfort food made creatively, with fabulous & quality ingredients. . . I can't say anything else that hasn't already been said.
Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict!!!. Absolutely delicious. . . Shared it with a friend and we did not have to eat another meal for the rest of the day!
I was never sure of what I would want my last meal to be until now.. This honor goes to Hash House. I don't care what anyone says or if they think its overrated... I LOVE HASH HOUSE.. . I got the goat cheese and sun dried tomato scrambler with crispy potatoes and biscuits and tried some of the chicken and waffle tower. All of these were pure baby trading status. Hands down, one of the best meals I have ever had. The goat cheese complemented the sweetness of the sun dried tomatoes perfectly in the scrambler. The biscuits were thick and doughy and extremely fresh. The waffles, probably accidental, had some bacon cooked into it and i don't care if it was a mistake or not it was bomb.com. Fried chicken was perfection- not too greasy and very juicy.. . VERY GENEROUS portions. One or two entrees could easily feed an Asian family.
holy crap this place was good. i dont remember what we ordered, but it was the special that the guy from food network ordered here. fried chicken with waffles and all this other stuff on it.. beyond delicious... definitely hit the spot!!!!
THE BEST breakfast resturaunt I have ever been to!!! Firstly, the decor is really great, very nice and clean with style! I cannot rave enough about how delicious my breakfast was as well as my husbands! His was served in a cast iron pan (which was really cool). I got a benedict which was unlike any breakfast dish I have ever had, it was just amazing! REALLY AMAZING FOOD!. The portions were huge and their coffee was also really great! Our waitress was OK, but the food was OUTSTANDING!!! I only wish they would open one in New York!!
omg this place is SO GOOD!!! :) huge portion & great prices!!. . I live in soCal, but when I went to visit my friend in Vegas, we partyd all night!!!!!!!!!!! When we woke up, we didnt know where we should eat. .. .. and then she decided to take me here!! AWESOME CHOICE!!. . There was a one hour wait for two people, so if you're not the waiting type, this isnt for you. But if you can bare through that, I promise it's worth it!! :) . . The pictures of the things we ordered are uploaded onto yelp!! It's been so long I forgot what it's called. But damn... it was huge & delicious :) just how I like it, jk jk hahaha!! and their prize winning drink was BETTER THAN FREE ALCHY FROM THE CASINOS :) . . I definitely recommend this location to EVERYONE and i will surely be finding their san diego location soon!!
Man vs Food!!!!!!!!! Huge portions
This place is worth all of the hype. Great service, full bar, and HUGE portions!  Our server was a doll (although I can't remember his name).  Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is incredible!  That was the best fried chicken I have ever had. Hint: portions are huge so share!!!
First and foremost, I LOVE brunch.  I love the smell of waffles and fried chicken! YES hands down one of thee best chicken and waffles!. . Ok, I'm in Las Vegas, a bit hung over.  My solution a bloody mary!  No no no, not just your normal bloody mary, it's a BLT Bloody!  Yes Served with Bacon Lettuce Tomato and A Side of Toast.  Not the sandwich but Bacon AND Lettuce in your drink and a side of toast and Tomatoe.  I FRIKKING LOVE IT HERE! . . I always have brunch whenever I can.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!! I don't even know where to begin. They have the best breakfast ever and large portions. I checked this place out in Vegas first and fell in love with their food. I have also went to the one in San Diego every hash house a go go I've been to always a huge wait. I have had the fried chicken and waffles plate its bomb.com! and I've also had the Andy's famous sage fried chicken which is also bomb.com. I always share my plate with someone because its way too much food for me. I think for the amount of food the prices are reasonable and the staff is always attentive and friendly. I will keep going to this place whenever I have a chance. Mimosas are always good here but I wish they had bottomless mimosas.
I don't like meatloaf but this was not your average piece of meatloaf. This was a slice of amazing. The fried green tomatoes were a first for me and I don't think I'll find anything near as good.
NOM! Enough said! I have dreams of this place and can only get my fix when I come to town.. I miss living here so I can come here on weekends for breakfast with my husband. ***TIP*** if you tend to eat smaller portions, split an order with a table mate. Enough food to feed several.
Great smells that whet your appetite, even from your dreams if you've ever eaten here.  Sure I know everyone talks about and it feels about as played out as something Seacrest is boasting on KISS but come on, we all love it, and forget all the trash we talked whenever we return.. . My typical order is the #4 hash, pancakes, whole wheat toast.  I know I'm a creature of habit but this is also a great place to graze on the breakfast of others, and I strongly suggest not to invite anyone that won't partake, so leave your guarded friends at home.  Even if you're on the professional end, I have breakfast meetings here for my staff on a regular basis.  Overall it's an great place to eat, graze, and take your time, just make sure to be ready to wait on the weekends.
I came for the sage fried chicken eggs Benedict and the hashes. I was hoping they would have a different type of hash but alas they just serve food. But that's all good because the food I had was delicious. The highlight was definitely the fried chicken eggs Benedict. You have to like chipotle because the entire giant plate is covered with a chipotle cream sauce, luckily I thought it was perfectly spicy and very tasty. Like some ofthe other reviewers have said, the chicken is a bit dry but my piece was not bad at all and nothing that compromised the dish. The grilled mozzarella on the chicken was a perfect addition to the chicken flavor profile. The dish is perfect to split with someone. . . The best part for our group was that they have seasonal fresh made jams for the biscuits. Peach was the flavor of the day and it was fantastic. My friend doesn't like jams or jellies but likes peaches so he wanted to give it a try. He loved it and wanted to buy a jar but they didn't sell any. Our waitor saw that my friend was bummed about not getting to bring any jam home, so when he came out with check he brought a huge container half full of the jam. He gave us as much as was on the table for use. Great service. Thank you very much sir it outlasted our trip of 3 days.
I am very picky about breakfast and this place is phenomenal. Saw on Man vs. food and was in Vegas on vacation so we wanted to experience for ourselves. I don't usually indulge in biscuits with sausage gravy, but this one served over smashed potatoes was worth every single calorie! My other friends got different versions of hash and couldn't stop raving about it! Definitely worth the drive or cab ride off strip!
** NOTE TO SELF: YOU ARE NOT ADAM RICHMAN **. . DRINKS:. . banana latte: yumm!. OJ: can taste the freshness. Mango Iced Tea: Not too sweet, just how i like it. Watermelon Kiwi Lemonade: pretty & tasty. . . FOOD:. . * Andy's sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs : this this was ridiculously big.  High five to my girls who attempted to conquer this mountain. . * House smoked fresh salmon, basil pesto, fresh tomato and melted brie cheese:  a perfect blend.  Can't wait to make it at home ;). . * Corned Beef, red onions and swiss cheese: how the white folks like it!!! you can taste all the spices in every bite!! corned beef done well. . * Banana Brown Sugar Pancake: 13 inches of HEAVEN!!!. . * Vanilla Waffle:  Not a fan of Belgian style, i like mine thin & crispy ... just like an eggo. . . SERVICE:. . The wait was not as long as i thought it would be, maybe because it was too early to be awake in Vegas? :/ . . The wait staff was nice, friendly, and very helpful.  When your waiter tells you, YOU GUYS MIGHT WANT TO SHARE, listen to them!!!. . . I will definitely return next time I'm in Vegas.  There's just so much more my taste buds need to explore :)  Expect an Update Review!!
I love the food in this place, their breakfasts are just HEAVEN! . My favorite: Sundried tomatoes and goat cheese omelette!. The only criticism I have about this place is that they don;t like changing dishes, so if you happen to not like a specific ingredient, tough luck.. But it's still insanely good.
Hash House A Go Go, AS SEEN ON MAN VS. FOOD!!!. OVerall, i give this place a 9/10, but for stars a 4/5.. . the good: great location, off the strip, small parking lot but not crazy like every other restaurant in vegas. good, neighborhood diner with great food.. our main waitress was very nice, answered or questions, suggested what to get, checked in on us, etc.. . We oredered the Sage's Fried Chicken Benedict, as seen on Man vs. Food, and one order of flapjakcs to split between three people.. the flapjack was warm, fluffy, moist, soft, and absolutely delicious, it was made how a pancake should be made. . the benedict was also absolutely dilcious, and HUGE!!. theres bacon  mashed potatoes, biscuits, bacon, spinach, scrambled eggs, fried chicken, cheese literally grilled on the flat top, and all stacked and topped with Chipotle Cream sauce.. it is warm, juicy, tender, spicy(not too spicy has a kick kinda spice) ooey gooey positively delicious!. . the one bad thing we did not appreciate was some punk kid who brought us extra plates, and when we asked for bigger plates (he had brought us small bread plate things) he came back with bowls....which did not resolve the situation and he jsut dropped them on the table and said "here" and walked away.. . good thing though our kind waitress brought the right plates.. . if your in vegas, then go!!
If you're in Vegas, you CAN'T miss this place...enjoy ;)
Pre race meal. Wow!!! . . I was looking for a good breakfast place for  a Pre race meal for the Rock and Roll half Marathon and read some reviews.  I wanted to eat healthy, so it couldn't be just a fried breakfast joint!  This Hash a go go was perfect.  I could not have found more ideal restaurant.  I ordered the granola cereal, and fruit which turned out to be a very large bowl of fresh granola with great tasting fruit water melon, black berries, blue berries, banana, raspberries, and pineapple all were fresh and quite tasty!. I also got my partner the special granola and peach pancake which I tasted and we agreed was fantastic and way too much!. The service was excellent and met all my needs without asking!. I really like the idea of not only following status quo for the usual routine breakfast food, I like the clever progressive options also on their menu!  . Look forward to my next visit!
We saw this  place on Man vs. Food and decided to seek it out on our next LV trip.  Needless to say, we were NOT disappointed with Hash House A Go Go.  I understand that there are some hotel versions of this closer to the Strip, but we trekked out to the original on Sahara Blvd. and it was well worth the drive.  We were seated within 30 mins. on a Saturday, we expected to wait longer, as this place is a magnet for locals and visitors alike - perhaps the Casino versions of the restaurant keep it down to a decent wait if you drive out to the original HHAGG.  Service - probably the only thing that wasn't stellar here.  I won't take a star off for that, but it could have just been when we were there - the servers seemed a little green and the hostess had about as much class as what you might see in a local trailer park, but I digress.  . Now, on to the reason to eat at Hash House A Go Go - the food - OMG - some of the biggest portions I've ever seen and not just big but good big food.  I had the Indiana Favorites - Andy's Sage Fried Chicken w/maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon, mashed potatoes & biscuit.  And I ate every single thing on that plate - come hungry.  It was magnificent!  The chicken was tender and crunchy, drizzled with just enough maple reduction (i.e. syrup) to give it such a nice sweet taste to the the coating on the chicken.  More potatoes than you probably eat for a Thanksgiving dinner including 2nds and 3rds but I kept that fork moving through everything, savoring each bite and not wanting this food to end.  The biscuit - oh man- the biscuit - you have to have a biscuit - take an order of those to go...they're that good.  And the whole thing was around $15.  This is now a must visit spot on any trip to Vegas.  We may try the Casino version to compare, but if you are in town and hungry - give the gaming tables and Cicque shows a rest and grab a fork and napkin and dig in - you will  NOT be disappointed.  Save your workout for the next day.
"GO GO" TO HASH HOUSE, BUT "NO NO" DANCING -- I'm a bit embarrassed, but I want to provide in advance of you going, advice and a warning.  No need to dress up in your leotards, a tutu, and/or your dance shoes (not that I did that or anything, because I always wear my Capezio's when going for breakfast).  I just thought with the name, I'd go all out.  While dancing is not discouraged, it's also not a dance club (like I MAY have thought).  Instead, I partook of what they do offer here: GROSSLY HUGE food.  . . BREAKFAST -- You have to try their famous breakfast items: fried chicken & waffles (comes stacked high practically to the ceiling), the pancake (size of a Fiat), and lots of good egg/omelet choices (I like the chicken hash & eggs), and warm buttermilk biscuits with freshly-made jam.  Good Lord!. . LUNCH/DINNER -- Meatloaf (be civil, it's a massive portion.  Eat half and be sure not make a spectacle of yourself.  Then, drive 2 blocks away to an empty parking lot and eat the other half in the car), the BBBLT (mmmmm lots of bacon, a whole pig worth), and their stuffed hamburger (1 pounder, impossible to eat the whole thing...again, head for the parking lot 2 blocks away).. . SALADS/HEALTHY -- Huh?  Whatever. . . SERVICE -- My favorite is Melina - whenever she was working, I'd always ask for her.  She's fun, and shows great customer service. Always terrific.  The hostesses are super sweet, and keep the waiting hungry customers moving as quick as possible.  The only way they could be nicer is if they offered small pieces of fried chicken tocustomers while waiting to be seated. . . WAITING -- No reservations, so my recommendation is to be there early before 930am.  If you get there at 10am or later, be prepared to wait 20-45 mins.  Again, no fried chicken served while you wait.   Pffff!. . PARKING -- Ample private lot, and since it is way off strip by a few miles -- you have elbow room on the streets, so no need to play bumper cars.. . CONCLUSION -- It's AWESOME.  I love, I love, I love  I've returned many times, and you will, too.
Hunger is a disease and Hash House A Go Go is the cure.. . This restaurant bills itself as Twisted Farm Food and they don't mess around.  Hash House (HH) combines classic hearty American "farmer's food" with a flair of culinary panache.  To say that this restaurant has great food and a personality all its own would be quite the understatement. . . This location is located off of the Strip and caters to more of the local scene.  It's very easily located and parking is abundant.  The ambiance of HH is diner meets bar.  There's a classic American feel to the venue dashed with that unmistakable Vegas flair.  The vibe is electric with the hustle & bustle of an extremely busy breakfast service.  If lady luck is on your side, your wait will be fairly short.  However, be prepared to wait your turn.  . . Obviously it's all about the food.  Portions are big, prices are appropriate, and it's all good.  Get ready to loosen your belt and epitomize one of the seven sins - gluttony.  The menu is extensive including breakfast and lunch items.  On my visit, we were there in the AM so it was breakfast all the way.  Everything looked so good, it was hard not ordering everything off the menu.  Personally, I ordered the biscuits & gravy w/sunny side up eggs and a side order of their fried chicken.  *Fatty Status - Check*  This was amazingly great!  The biscuits were fresh and homemade.  Great buttery taste without being too heavy.  The gravy was luscious teeming with chunks of pork sausage.  The chicken was ono, sadly not the best in the world.  But I would order it again.  My friends ordered other items *sadly memory fails me*, and they all loved it.  One of my friends said that HH was the highlight of his trip and couldn't wait to go back for it.  . . All in all, greatness.  Classic hearty American fare.  Can't beat it with a stick.  Great location, away from the strip, locals vibe.  I wish we had something comparable to this here in HI.  Maybe if I ask Santa nicely....
Best bloody mary in town!
I totally enjoyed my dining experience at the Hash House. If you are ever in Vegas, this should definitely be on your to do list. The food was very flavorful and the staff displayed quality customer service from the beginning to the end. If you are wondering what I ordered.... It was the chicken benedict. Totally delicious!
Excellent food and beautiful presentation. Every dish came out looking like it was made for a show. The food was excellent and the service was really good too. The drinks (ie orange juice, coffee) were overpriced, that's my only complaint. . . The mango coconut pancake was incredible and super filling!  The pancakes are the size of a medium pizza, the biggest I have ever seen! We also tried a specialscramble that was delicious. . . Overall I highly recommend this place!
Even though I've only been here a handful of times, I think I'm starting to like it more and more each time.  This last visit was for my mother's birthday and I must say that I had no complaints and there was enough leftover for me to take with me for lunch at work.. . Pros:.   *  Generous portions for the hungry.   *  Really good customer service (this is important to me).   *  Quality food and decently priced.   *  They quoted me a 30 minute wait, but it was actually quicker than that.. . Cons:.   *  If you like embarrassing a birthday celebrant, don't bring them here.  No singing..   *  busy busy busy so expect a wait..   . Overall:.   Okay so there was a wait (there is always a wait), but I guess that's a good sign right?  One thing is for sure, they have some enormous portions.  So big in fact that Man Vs. Food's Vegas episode actually came to this location to feast.  Don't mistake quality for quantity here.  The portions are grand ,but the taste is just as amazing.  . . Tips:.   *  If you share, make sure to order an extra side, otherwise they automatically charge you an extra $2 dollars.  Might as well get something extra since you're going to pay for it either way right?  . .  *  Try some of their specialty drinks.  I forgot the exact name of my favorite, but it comes with a watermelon wedge dangling off the edge of the glass.  Spectacular!. . *  Come hungry... Seriously!  And don't come if you are in a rush.  Especially not during Brunch on a weekend
When we go to Vegas, we make it a priority to visit hash house for breakfast or lunch.. I recommend thinking outside the box and try something new.  Everything we have ate here has their own twist to it.. . The service is friendly and quite attentive considering how busy they are.. . Let me summarize with this quote "I dislike biscuits, but I even ate my kids portion, as they were this good.
Both of our breakfast meals were delicious and unique!!! Best place for breakfast in Vegas. Portions are for 2-3 people if you wanted to share. Definitely worth any wait- you can put your name in then go have a drink or play a few hands of poker downstairs.
first and foremost...i love this place! great for hang over since they serve a great amount of food for a good price. i come here every time i'm in the area.
Top three- chix n waffles, pork tenderloin Benedict and Pabst in a brown bag! Second time here and food portions huge, service good and prices decent for the amount and quality.
Just can't get enough of this place! . . Whether it's their Corned Beef Hash, Sage Chicken & waffles or the Kokomo sandwich (btw which is my favorite), this place is one the few places in Vegas that will hit you with a massive food coma at 8 in the morning!
I want to start out my restaurant reviews - with my #1 pick to eat at in the Las Vegas Valley. The would be the Hash House a Go Go. The Hash House is located at four locations in the Las Vegas Valley. The first is at 6800 West Sahara Blvd. just East of Rainbow Blvd. The second is in the Imperial Palace Hotel & Casino located at 3535 Las Vegas Blvd S. The third location is in the M Resort and Casino located at 12300 Las Vegas Blvd. S in Henderson. And the newest is at the Plaza Hotel and Casino at the end of Fremont Street in downtown Las Vegas. They have a great menu for breakfast, lunch & dinner. Come dine for breakfast on a 'Roasted Chicken, garlic, onion, asparagus and Rosemary' Hash for only $12.95.. . Or dine on one of their famous one pound burgers like the 'Apple Smoked Bacon and Mashed Potato' burger also for only $12.95. No need for side dishes with this one, even though it comes with a ton of fries. (Prices are subject to change) How about for dinner you try one of their 'Sage Fried Chicken Linguine'. All of their food is great to eat and easy on the wallet.. . They say that they serve "Twisted Farm Food". I'm not sure if I would call it twisted, but it is some of the best I have had. Not only is the food some of the best, I have to say that the servers are some of the best as well. My beverage was never empty and when they asked if I needed something more I never felt as if I were being pressured. They truly wanted to help me. Even if they were just pretending, I could not see it. So, if you are looking for something unique and great tasting, get on down to one of the three locations of the Hash House a Go Go.
Well. Where can I start? First let's go with the name of this place. Hash House A Go Go. Just brilliant alliteration. Sounds fun and tasty, but this isn't some regular breakfast type diner. It's a full scale restaurant with clean decor and a wonderful vibe inside. However, be careful what you order because the servings are HUGE! I mean, if you eat a whole plate by yourself you might just turn into a bad after school special and find yourself praying to the porcelain god kinda huge. Then you will start to feel ashamed for how much yummy you just indulged. So good you might as well just show up with a funnel to manage shoving the food into your face faster kinda good. Now, I can't go there too often because there are enough calories in any dish that I have to chain myself outside a city bus and just keep running for the next month. But if you are looking to have a cheat day or cheat meal, check out Hash House a Go Go. Don't eat the day of or the day before because you will want to try everyone's dishes! Oh Tip: Wear loose fitting clothes and 2+ can share a plate easy. Not the best for a date, but you should definitely bring friends and embrace your inner chunky!!
OMG our waiter was sooo nice! andd the foood was off the hook!!!! COME here after a night of partyin from the strip! SOOO good to have a nice home cooked meal lol. thats what it feels like. and the portions are HUGEEEE like ginormous! so sharing is caring and it can beeeeeeeee fun.
Wow the food here is delicious! The brown sugar banana pancake is amaazzinngg! It was love at first bite! Andy Sages Chicken is also incredible it is so hard to pick from all the amazing choices.  The service was nice, but it took forever to be greeted and to get our drinks. This is definitely a must go to breakfast place in las vegas! The portions are huge make sure you come here famished and ready to eat!
Completely unbelievable amounts of food.  Was more than happy with portions and was well worth the price. Ordered the sage chicken that everyone speaks so highly of, and was not disappointed.  The music was a little loud and club-y for it being breakfast time.  But I guess you can't be surprised at such a hip place located in Vegas. Next time I definitely plan on trying the Bloody Mary's!
I really loved this place.  It was a bit of a wait to be seated but well worth it.  I ordered Banana walnut French Toast which was just heaven cooked to perfection.  So much food I only was able to eat the center out of my french toast and barley touched my eggs and sausage.  Just so much good food.  My partner got Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict.  I don't know how they could pile anymore wonderful food on the plate nor do I understand how the tower of food could stay up without tipping over. Wonderful flavor, crispy chicken, eggs perfect, what more could you ask for!
Looking at the menu I thought I died and went to foodie heaven. I got the fried chicken benedict which was delicious and had so much flavor. The portions are huge, and I tried my hardest to eat all of it. My friends and I also shared pancakes that were on special. The pancakes were so good that even though we were all full, we finished every single bite. I wish I remembered which pancakes, but I am sure they are all great.
Recommended by a friend and it did not disappoint.  We went there for breakfast.  The portions are sizeable (I had the French Toast and had trouble finishing the meal).  They serve a mean Bloody Mary.  You will have to drive to get there; by car it is a good 20 minute car drive from the strip.  But well worth the journey.
I never heard about this place, but I am so glad that my family knew about it.. . I had the Chicken and waffles, and let me tell you, these portions freaking huge! 2 fat pieces of fried chicken sitting on top of 4 tasty waffles. So, so good. . . If you have a chance, go here now.. . so moist,... so tender.
Zero Complaints!. . Believe all the hype!. . Delicious food. Gigantic portions. Definitely a place for sharing. . . The quality of their food and drinks alone make this place worth checking out. Everything is fresh and made on location. All of their juices and even their chorizo is made on location! And it shows in the quality of their food. . . Definitely cannot wait to go back.
We went to this eating place on the recommendation of a friend.  The portions are HUGE and very tasty.  It is like country cooking in the city - great biscuits, mashed potatoes, chicken and meatloaf.  We didn't have a chance to eat breakfast, but we will definitely go back the next time we are in town.
MOTHER. OF. GOD. THE PORTIONS HERE ARE FREAKING MONSTROUS. . . The prices here are very fair for the amount of food you're getting. The food itself is a three to four stars at most. But be prepared to get full and have a whole bunch of extra food to take bring back to your jealous siblings. . . Although the food is three-four stars, what really makes this place a five star is the staff. Immediately as I walked in with my brother, and friend we were greeted with a genuine good afternoon. The staff is very lively, bright, and great. Their customer service was unbelievable, one of the best I had ever seen. The table next to us were a couple of kids complaining about their waffle, one of the girls said it tasted funny and would like the waffle to be free. Without any hesitation the waiter immediately offered her new waffle and for it to . Now that's some good customer service right there. The waiter that served us was also no exception. From the time that we ordered he was very polite and humble. We had trouble deciding what drinks we wanted to get and he gave his own personal opinion on which tasted better. And every time we needed a refill he was very prompt about refilling. . . The ambiance of the place is very chill, and the parking was very easy. If I had the time to sit down and eat I would go back to this place for sure.
happen to be in Vegas and not in the mood for buffet?? Hit this place up! Food is amazing and portions are huge!! U can def share one plate w/ 2 people. Service is amazing and servers are super friendly. The line was  long but surprisingly the wait was not too bad. They have a nice little area for you to chill in while you wait. The menu is great /w tons of breakfast options (although they do have lunch as well). I ordered the benedicts which came w/ a chipotle hollandaise AMAZING! The eggs were placed over a freshly baked biscuit which in its self was bomb. They make their own jam and to tell u the truth, i could have just ordered the biscuit and jam and i would have still given them 5 stars! Try the watermelon kiwi lemon aid  which is a tri colored fruity drink with a big watermelon wedge. They do have an outdoor dining patio which looked really nice . I recommend this spot for breakfast. Prices are good as well if you are on a budget. Stray from the strip and check this spot out!
better than a buffet? i think so! if you are ever in vegas you have to stop by here and try their chicken sage egg benedit. it was on man vs. food and i can finish a whole plate by myself! haha it was pretty delciious if i must say so myself.
On my monthly vegas trip one of our friends bugged us the whole trip that we had to go to hash house and we finally decided to head over.. . A quick drive from the strip and we arrive to a packed house (outdoors was crowded as well and this was late December). . After an amazing bloody mary at the bar we were seated maybe 15-20 minute wait not bad and all the people working were extremely nice and helpful.. . I shared the chorizo hash with someone; this was due to the fact that we saw the portion sizes and i will say they are generous... . The food was beyond amazing, tasty, cooked just right and damn Im sorry I shared.. . Someone else ordered the pancakes and I must say "there as big as your head spider" Goodfellas quote...and again taste really amazing... . Service is good and the food comes out pretty quickly, the coffee was great, the bloody marys were great... . I will definitely be back
Food is definitely 5-star comfort food.  I have been here 3 times and ordered the same veggie hash item each time. It is too good to order something else, but each time I wait for my food to be delivered, I see awesome dishes going elsewhere that are great temptations.  Sooner or later, I will expand my menu horizon.  Service is 4-star.  Always friendly, never pushy, but once very slow.  All in all, however, I highly recommend hash house.  Tips: On Sunday mornings, get there before 9am to beat the crowd.  If only two of you are dining, consider splitting one enter and ordering a side dish.  Plates are big enough for two, and by adding a side dish, you get around the charge for sharing plates.
Love this place!  Their portions are enormous and extremely delicious! Their hashes are incredible and pancakes are so buttery, soft and tasty!  All dishes (with the exception of their griddle selection) come topped with a fresh spring of rosemary ... yum!  Bloody Mary's are to die for.  Even their cold cereals (for kids) are HUGE.  . . Prices are on the high side and there is a splitting charge with a strict "no-substitution" rule.  The wait time tends to be long most of the time, especially on weekend ... But don't let that stop you!  It's all well worth it!  . . I've enjoyed my visits here so much that I've shared this place with friends and family!  It's a definite must when in Las Vegas - for me and everyone I've sent here!
I have been here twice, once for brunch and once for dinner. Both times it was an amazing dinning experience! I love the ambiance and the food, well that needs to speak for itself! The mashed potato stuffed burgers are to die for. the Sage Chicken ( Chicken and Waffles) was the best C&W I have had! The wait can be a long, but plan your trip right and you wot be let down! I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat here!
This place is by far the best place for breakfast that I have ever come across. I haven't had the pleasure to try anything but breakfast but I will.. They have the best biscuits and gravy I've had in a long time and I look forward to trying new things to eat, Hash House A Go Go is the best !!!
Wake me up before you Go Go because I'm not planning on going solo.. . Hash House is amazazing. For all you "What Would You Do?" fans, the Hash House served as a backdrop for many of their scenarios. More famously, they are known for being on Man vs. Food. And unless you have an appetite like Adam Richman, I suggest you bring a friend to help you eat the madness that is "Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict." It is to die for! Chipotle cream with peppers, scrambled eggs, griddled mozzarella, fried chicken, bacon, market tomato, spinach, and biscuit on top of griddled potatoes. This is literally the best breakfast I ate in Vegas. If you're a fan of country fried chicken, this is right up your alley. MUST. EAT. NOW. Check out my photos if you need inspiration.
The Food, Service and ambiance was wonderful!  I had the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict, a Man vs. Food Favorite and now I know why.  It was huge and it was delicious!!!!! If and when I go back to Las Vegas, I will definitely stop by again!
The food is always freshly served and delicious. The smoked salmon, Brie and eggs were really good. Staff is really friendly and are good with recommendations when you're not quite sure what you want to order.   Counter space available if only one two eating in a hurry.  Sahara location is easier access then hotel on the strip.
Twisted Farm Food....that's pretty accurate. . My only regret is I am not actually a cow, with the four compartment stomach and the ability to ingest 2.5% of my own body weight, which for me would be 4.2 pounds. If you do the math, you can figure out how much I weigh!. . I couldn't finish my brunch here.  I was defeated by a loaf of meat and mashed potatoes.  I'm actually somewhat glad I didn't attempt the chicken and waffles, because my wife did, and she ate exactly half, so we decided the next time we come here, we would just split one, that way we can both feel accomplished in our eating endeavors.. . Gargantuan proportions...Just look at those pictures!  The food doesn't come on plates; here, they come on PLATTERS.  Seriously consider whether you should donate a portion of your meal to charity.. . Sage fried chicken and bacon waffle tower.  It wasn't that architecturally sound, but at least it looked and tasted great.  Bacon baked into the waffles, 2 pieces of crispy and NOT greasy chicken breasts on top of the waffles, with delicate fried leeks strewn about the plate, and a giant sprig of rosemary holding it all together.  Usually comes drizzled with syrup, but we asked for it on the side and they were happy to do that. . . HH meatloaf with mashed potatoes.  Pretty much like normal meatloaf, but crispier and meatier(not meteor).  You know how meatloaf usually comes with either gravy or ketchup on top?  Hash house does it with BBQ sauce!  They are seriously changing the meatloaf game...The dish also came with the biggest biscuit I have ever seen in my life.  It was about 4 and a half fingerbreadths tall and about 7 inches around, and perfectly "biscuit-y".  You know what I mean?  A good balance of flakiness with fluffiness cut with a pinch of butteriness and saltiness, all in equal proportions.  I kind of love biscuits.. . I had a bloody mary to accompany my mini smorgasborg of a healthy brunch.  It was well made, as far as bloody marys go, and came with a garnish of a petite dill pickle and 2 jalapeno stuffed olives.. . Props - Great food, tip-top service, good bloody mary. . Negative props - SERIOUS FOOD COMA.. . We'd planned to partake in all manner of adventure after brunch, but Hash House decided to ruin our plans by knocking us out with the force of a cast iron pan a la Tom & Jerry for about 4 hours.  We woke up and the sun was gone.  Does that properly demonstrate the power of Hash House a Go Go?
Get the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict! Soooo good! I don't like veggies so I get mine without the spinach or tomatoes and with extra chipotle sauce on the side. This place has tons of other stuff I'd love to try but every time I come I end up getting Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict! Try it when if you're in town not too far from the Strip.
Close enough to make it five stars.  Oh yeah, Hash House for the WIN.. . Place gets packed and there could be a wait, but there wasn't a long one on a Sunday morning for my party of five.  Seated outside and not exactly ideal when you have a hangover and the sun is not your best friend.  Luckily, there are giant umbrellas that save your eyes.. . HUGE portions.  HUGE.  Two people can split a meal and be full, trust me.  I literally touched half of my meal (Andy's Sage Fried Chicken with bacon, eggs, and a biscuit) and was full beyond belief.. . This place is spot on with their presentation.  Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade garnished with a slice of watermelon.  Burgers topped off with a stick of tarragon to keep the burger together instead of a toothpick.  Lots of fancy food decor.  The meals here look so appealing and appetizing.. . Pancakes are HUGE.  Burgers are HUGE.  Everything is in super large portions so make sure to come hungry and leave full.  You really get your money's worth.. . Lots of celebrities grace their presence at Hash House so it's nice to eat here at the original location if you're into that tourist sort of thing.
super busy! get in line about 30-45 minutes before you want to eat then head down stairs to gamble! plenty of $5 tables :]. . i ordered something that had mushrooms, spinach, red peppers, and eggs. it was delicious! my friend order something with salmon and he loved that. THE PORTIONS ARE HUGE!! my friend's salmon plate could have fed 3 petite girls. my plate fed 2 well.. . when paying, be clear if you're splitting the bill into cash and check. we had a little miscommunication so that was a bit unfortunate.. . recommendation? YES! decently priced huge portions!
Yes it does live up to the hype!   This place is awesome, interesting menu, great food and fun atmosphere.. 1) yes it's crowded... 30 min wait on a Sat morning but as luck would have it two seats at the bar opened up and we ran to claim them. 2) hard working bartenders, they perform an art here, the drinks are unique, like a s'mores hot chocolate, this appears to be a specialty, marshmallow fluff is scooped in then torched and topped off with graham crackers and that's just one of the yummy items we watched them make... These people hustle they were non stop the whole time we were there. 3) the food!!  Omg where to start, huge portions and once again delicious and different.  The French toast is unreal, banana batter dipped bread topped with candied pecans and syrup, unreal.  Their signature chicken and waffles, so fabulous, crisp lightly battered chicken on a mountain of waffles with bacon inside! This became breakfast and dinner for me.. This is such a great gem, so glad we made it to try it out.
Awesome! One of my favorite breakfast and lunch restaurants ever! Huge portions and great food. Burgers, chicken, and breakfast hash plates are my fav. This place is certainly worth checking out while in Vegas.
The portions were huge. My husband had the chicken and waffles. The chicken could have had more seasoning. I have the chorizo hash which could have been better if they turned down the flavor (too salty). The drinks (I had the orange crush; my husband had the blt bloody marry) was on point and we floated around for the rest of the day. We will be back when we come to Vegas!!
Crazy large portions!  That's all you need to know.  Yummmm....!!
Yummy! If you are going for breakfast get there early like opening time early or else you will have to wait. But the portions are so big that waiting helps the hunger which helps you eat more of your dish. I've tried the brown sugar banana pancake and it was the biggest prettiest pancake i've ever seen. I love that they have tangerine juice. My mom tried Andy's sage fried chicken and it was awesome! I have also tried their bacon waffle and i'm a fan. There are so many good items on the menu, so if it looks good try it. I recommend the kiwi watermelon lemonade!
I can't believe this place doesn't exist is the south or the mid-west.  BEST food portion and presentation you'll find.  Their pancakes are larger than an extra large pizza.  The chicken and waffles towers over you sitting down.  The juices are all fresh squeezed.  Farm food with a twist.  LOVE this place.  (Just don't go if you're on a diet).
Took my boyfriend here for his birthday breakfast and I was not disappointed.  Although they were busy, we were seated within 10 minutes.  The waiter promptly came over and took our drink orders and I ordered the kiwi watermelon lemonade, I didn't want to drink it because it was so beautiful.  I have never felt that way about anything to drink!  When the food arrived the portions were huge.  My boyfriend had the pancake and I had the bacon waffle.  My bacon waffle was delicioso!  I was able to eat on it for 3 days.  I can't wait to go back and try something different.
one of my top 3 favorite restaurants in las vegas. the chicken pot pie was HUGE!
The best restaurant in Vegas! This place is cheap, flavorful, and full of surprises! Any time of day the menu does not disappoint. Try the french toast or Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict - both are my favorites. Huge portions to take home as well!!! You're gonna love it
Love this place! I go every time I want a monster sized breakfast and every time a friend comes to town. First saw it on Man Vs. Food and had to check it out.. . I typically get the Griddled French Toast or their Sausage Biscuit and Gravy meal. I LOVE their potatoes and their gravy. The griddled french toast is HUGE! And so good with the homemade butter and their caramelized bananas. Their fresh squeezed mimosas are amazing! I look forward to one of those every time. Friends and family try a variety of food and haven't been disappointed yet.. . A friend of mine got the giant mocha once. I forgot what their name for it is. It's huge and so good!. . My only complaint is if you don't get a booth, the square metal tables can be really small for the size all of your plates are.
Kiwi watermelon lemonade was delicious!!. I also order the sage chicken n waffles which is NY Times favorite. The waffles were fluffy and moist that also had a strip of bacon inside it. As for the chicken... AMAZING!!. . I will definitely come back to try their other dishes.
I'm writing this review as a tourist, and all I can say is that you Vegas folks are so spoiled with the most amazing restaurants, that you don't even realize it! Hash House is five star all the way. The food, the ambiance, the servers, the drama! And you guys are reviewing it like it's just some other diner! It's been a few months since my visit, and I am really craving this place. . . This location is off the strip, and caters to the locals. I am sure they also see their share of tourists, that like us, rent cars. If you are vacationing without a car, I am sure there are more convienent locations. . . My advice if you are eating here? Come very hungry! Bringing a large group will also come in handy so you can try a bunch of stuff. We were a group of 6. This is the kind of place where you end up ordering more from seeing what's coming to other tables, than from the actual menu. First thing to catch my eye was a HUGE mug of hot chocolate! Gotta have it! But will it be good, or is it just razzle dazzle? It was amazing! Next I served myself from a couple of the skillets that arrived at the table. These are one of their specialties, and they were really good. We're talking potatoes, eggs, and then a bunch of different items you could choose to go in there. Honestly, I don't even remember what was in there, because the pancakes came! Once the pancakes came, everything else was history! . . These were not your ordinary pancakes. These were OMG, eyes rolling to the back of your head, I'll have what she's having, died and gone to heaven pancakes. Hands-down, the best pancakes anywhere, ever in my life. There were sliced bananas and brown sugar cooked into them. The brown sugar was melted and carmelized with the bananas, and it all came together in one ooey gooey heavenly dish. Now under the influence of these pancakes, I was unable to even try anything else on the table. . . I know one thing; my next Vegas trip...it's straight over to Hash House right from the airport!
Great food lots of portion!
Great HUGE food - Awesome Bloody Mary - Good service.. . Had the Sage Fried Chicken.  We had to laugh when it came to the table...  It was a huge stack of waffles (with bacon sticking out around the edges) & fried chicken with a long steak knife holding it all together.  It had to have been a least a foot tall. The hot maple caramel reduction was very tasty and worked surprisingly well with the crispy fried leaks.. . Make sure to come hungry and plan to share!
I've been to the Imperial palace one a I gotta say this place has some fast service and our waiter (Andrew) was very helpful with our menu decisions. Gotta say this place is large and seems like it always has tables available unlike the places on the strip. Being the original i gotta say this place is legit! Foodand service was excellent and their homemade jam was tasty.
This place reminds me of places back home! Real delicious, quality food and creative menu choices. I have had lunch and breakfast here. My lunch was that huge dish that was on Man Vs. Food. Even with me and my grandfather eating it we ended up taking it back to the condo and both eating it for dinner too! The breakfast I had here I remember less (seeing as it was 6am and I was very drunk). It was good though. Everything was fresh and it was made to perfection- not greasy, not thrown together. The bloody mary had to be the greatest though. I might stop here again next time just to get one of those!
The best breakfast joint in Las Vegas.  Portions are enormous so be prepared to share or be fed all day with left overs.  Great breakfast, lunch, brunch, or after a long night hangover spot.  Fun atmosphere and music. Great service. Definitely recommend this all my friends!
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner!!! or breakfast :). . I always try to come here when I am in Vegas and I love exposing people to this place. It is unlike any other place in terms of uniqueness of the menu items and presentation. And just a tip 2-3 people can share a dish.. . Setting is a new age steel farm house, but who cares right you're not going on a date here. Let's be real, you're going to stuff your face.. . Service is bomb.com. . Bloddy Mary - I dream about it. So tasty! And I don't even like/drink Vodka!. Andy's Fried Chicken Benedict - yummy yummy in my tummy. It's got all kinds of goodies in it. Mozzeralla, Tomatoes, Sage fried chicken, Spinach, Eggs and Drizzeled in Chipotle Cream ----the best part.. Waffles are ok, not the best.. French Toast is like an explosion of flavor in your mouth :) All cinnaminy and creamy.. Eggs Benedict - All the goodness without the chicken.. . Prices are unbeatable.. . Def a fun and twisted spin on breakfast, haven't been here for lunch yet.
The fried chicken eggs benedict was big enough for my wife and I to split. We were very impressed with the quality of the food and beverages. I definitely recommend trying their fresh squeezed fruit juices.
I don't give 5 stars often. But this place was awesome! Their French toast is bomb! My wife and I ordered two dishes, we could have fed 2 more people with their massive portions. The food is fresh and freaking delicious! They only have Tabasco if you are looking for cholula or tapatio. We managed with the hot sauces we wanted. The French toast was the best I ever had no kidding. It was good! I'm not a French toast king of guy either. Nice place to go off the strip for some breakfast. Our server Kelly was super nice and accommodating! Will definitely go back when I'm back in Vegas! This place is not over rated, trust me.
Another awesome brunch today with "Twisted Farm Food.". . I love many things about this place. The decor, the huge menu, the portions. Yes, the portions are big enough for you to share, take home, and have for maybe another meal. Or two. But it's good yumy food.. . I've had many items off their menu. French Toast, waffles, corned beef, their amazing variety of flapjacks, scrambles... Today's choice was Andy's Sage Fried Chicken with Bacon Waffles. Fried Chicken isn't traditional, but still good. Belgian-style waffles with slices of bacon in-between. I don't really need to say much about that. Isn't everything better with bacon?? Just kidding.... . The other highlight was the Blueberry Pecan flapjacks. Nutty and fruity fluffy soft pancakes drizzled with warm maple syrup. Nom nom nom... My son even gobbled it up.. . Their service is great, the only thing that takes awhile is your food to arrive. It wasn't unreasonable, and you kind of forget about it once your ginormous plate of food arrives. The manager always comes around when plates are cleared to inquire how our meal were.. . The prices are pretty hefty for breakfast, but you do get a lot for what you paid. I have two take-out boxes in my fridge right now.... . Till next time! :)
oh my gawd. This place blew my mind! If you have a car, this is definitely a must go in vegas off the strip. Bring a HUGE appetite, because everything is massive portions. We ordered a ratio of 8 dishes to 12 people, and we were BEYOND stuffed. Now, I'm able to write this review because we practically tried everything on their menu! :). . Must tries:. -Banana maple pancakes (SO FLUFFY, carmelized sugar, andbaked in bananas...WOW!). -Corn beef hash (great presentation, liked it way better than the HH Famous Meatloaf one). -Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict - This was AMAZING. the eggs on it were drenched in really interesting sauce. Definitely not your typical eggs benedict.. -Kiwi watermelon lemonade. When you order this, and your friends see it, they're going to want one too. fair warning ;). . We also got the chicken and waffles (man vs food), and the porkloin benedict (which was kind of dry). They were all good. but I liked the top 3 i mentioned the best. . Everything was shocking and amazing. The portions were humongous. We all got drinks (mimosas, oj, and kiwi watermelon lemonade) and the bill only came out to about $15-16 a person. Such a great value meal!
Uh, so you absolutely MUST come here. Especially if you are tired of super expensive strip food and you have a raging hangover. Not that I had a hangover.. . Portions are huge. You might want to split with another person. Or two other people, and get a side of something. But... huge!. . I am a huge fan of their potatoes and their biscuits. Buttery biscuits! Kind of like how I remembered KFC biscuits to be, except better. Kind of hard to believe that something could beat my memory of how good KFC biscuits were. . . Overall, this place reminds me of Black Bear Diner. Huge portions, good food.
Just kidding.. . Apparently I didn't appreciate smoked salmon benedicts quite enough.. . If this restaurant were a person, the first thing it would say is: "Get your fatass back here and eat this damn food.". . Don't fight it.
This place is food pr0n. Period.. . Its the type of place you see on The Food Network or Travel Channel with massive portions of delicious, pornographically conceived dishes bursting from the confines of their plates or hot iron skillets.. . I don't really need to say more, but I will.. . I chose this place randomly and completely forgot I had seen it on Man v. Food, but saw the fried chicken Benedict advertised as such on the menus, which jogged my memory. We ordered that plus the chorizo hash and both were gigantic and delicious.. . The fried chicken was juicy, the gravy was tasty, and the veggies were fresh. . . I actually liked that chorizo even more, though, as the spicy sausage was perfectly prepared and cooked with the right amount of heat. That mixed with over easy eggs and the jalapenos, cheese, and potatoes ... just ridiculous! . . Their banana latte was also VERY good. . . Damn, I want to go back right now! Please open a shop in LA!!! Anywhere on Ventura Blvd would be perfect!!! NOW!!!
It's a definite go! Chicken and Waffles is the new craze these days, but this place was doing it first.....and boy, do they do it right. Slices of bacon cooked inside the waffles which are over fried chicken and it's all drizzled with a maple reduction sauce. Two years in a row for me and I'm a lifer.. . -Chicago's very own........"ChowhoundChick". http://chowhoundchick.blogspot.com
Wonderful all around! We brought a group of about 20 people there on a Sunday and everything went perfectly. Our server, Chris, was super friendly and took care of our group of 20 people like he was born doing it. And although I hate to use this word, the food really was amazing.
Everything here shines. From the banana latte to the hand hammered pork tenderloin Benedict. Portions are generous and quality is second to none.  It's a must stop every time I'm in Las Vegas.
I love this place! The food is excellent, the drinks are good and the service is awesome!!!!
Thier portions are huge, and the food is hearty, stick to your ribs fare.  If you're not used to eating big, you may want to share just about everything on the menu.  The wait is never too long, and the staff is super friendly.  It's a real treat to come here for breakfast or brunch in my family, not for price, but because we don't want to turn into butterballs.  If you're gonna break your diet, or have a cheat day, this is the place to do it.
A buddy of mine that is a local in LV recommended a GREAT breakfast joint after a night of partying! This was such a treat. The pricing is slightly hefty but what they bring out of the kitchen, leaves you pretty stunned. The food is enormous and the preparation looks awesome. You truly get what you paid for and more. Had the Chicken and Waffles, no complaints!. . Food: 8.5 - 9. Service: 8.5
WOW I don't know what else to say. This place is just amazing. They live up to the *twisted farm food* they claim to serve.. . I love the "Griddled French Toast" it is just so darn good! It was priced at $12.95 and the portion was generous. I am in love with this french toast and it will not be the last time I order it! . . The plates of food are enormous so you must keep that in mind. Inside is normally packed but they have plenty of people working and keep things running smoothly. I was pleased to see they have a lunch and dinner menu. The breakfast will be hard to live up to but I want to come back and try out some their salads and sandwiches. You wont be disappointed I promise give it a try!
I get the same thing every time I go to Hash House A Go Go.. . Husband and I share their chicken and waffles.. . But these are no ordinary chicken and waffles. Sage fried chicken. Moist, tender waffles with a piece of AMAZING bacon baked right into them. Everything drizzled with a sweet maple syrup, and then stacked high with bamboo skewers.. . The presentation is phenomenal and the flavor even better.. . I also get their watermelon kiwi lemonade every time, since it's been a special every time I go. Kiwi syrup, housemade lemonade, topped off with watermelon puree and a big ol' slice of ripe, fresh, cold watermelon. Can't beat that in the Vegas heat.. . One of just a few Food Network favorite restaurants that really live up to the hype. It's open pretty late, too. Yay!
Breakfast for dinner is one of my favorite things! So I knew I had to check this place out!. . With so many selections, wasn't sure exactly what to get - especially after watching all the other diners getting their food. The food on the plates were skillfully made into works of art, but not talking about tiny bits of food here...enormous portions that smelled and looked great as they passed by!. . Finally decided on the Chicken and Waffles, and was so glad I did! The Fried chicken was perfectly fried with a nice buttery breading, and the waffles - stack on top of them - were light and fluffy. A perfect match. They also sprinkled some toasted coconut on the top of the waffles that just tied in everything nicely. . . Took home a little more then half of it, could have easily have shared this with one or two of my friends!! . Very much recommend checking out if your in Vegas - will be back next time we are!!
Two words.  Huge!  Delicious!  Everything is massive!  . . The drinks, the food, the service!  Recently I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict as a fan of Fried Chicken.  Along came a platter (two plates) worth of food presented and built like a house, e.g. bacon mash potatoes provided the foundation, then the biscuits were on-top supporting the Fried Chicken and Chiptole cream with peppers, scrambled eggs, griddled mozzarella.  There was so much flavor yet it all seemed to work out and agree with my palate.  However, I failed the Man vs Food battle, unlike Adam Richman, as I could not finish my plate.  . . My buddies ordered and enjoyedthe House Hashes with chorizo; however, one of the hashes came with fresh jalapenos, which of course, didn't quite flow well with him a few hours later.  =P
Portions - Ginormous. . Price - Very Reasonable. . Taste - EXCELLENTAY. . Service - Outstanding. . I ordered the chirizo hash skillet and it was really good.  I usually can put down food, but this plate beat me!  I had it with jalapenos which I love, but it caught up it with me an hour later!  I highly recommend this joint and would eat here again on my next visit to Vegas!
Damn... I cant find anything negative about this place except that it isnt near my house. My wife and I decided to check it out being that we were in Vegas and are fans of Man vs Food. I was concerned that it was just overrated due to its extremely large portions but no longer. I had to try the fried chicken eggs benedict that I saw on tv. OMG it was huge! My wife and I split it and we still couldn't even come close to finishing it. It was f#%king amazing! The sauce was sooooo good. Also the bloody marys arent to be missed... they make their own mix every day and it is awesome! I cant wait to go back to vegas just to have breakfast here again!
Totally awesome!  Great food and great prices!  Huge portions!  Chicken and Waffles sounds weird but I want it in my mouth right now!  Amazing way to start your day in Vegas!
Loved it. Go early, so much food you won't have to eat the rest of the day. Really good chicken and waffles. I wish we had one around here. Good value, cool experience. It is in a super crappy hotel and casino though.
My friends and I stopped by here before making our long drive back to California. We got there around 12pm and people were waiting everywhere (good sign!!). We waited around 20 minutes before we got called. My friend and I shared the Fried Chicken & Waffles and ordered a side of crispy potatoes. When it came out, we sat there in shock...it was HUGE! We didn't know where to start. The description said tower of bacon waffles, and sure enough, there were 4 waffles on top of one another and 2 fried chicken breasts on top of that. The fried chicken was a little dry, but nothing a little dunk in ketchup or syrup can't fix. I could see the pieces of bacon in the waffles, which was a little overwhelming. The waffles were crunchy and pretty good; the crispy potatoes were nicely seasoned too. . . One of my other friends ordered a breakfast combo and the other one ordered just the fried chicken. Both of them had mashed potatoes w/bacon, some of the heaviest mashed potatoes ever, but it was really creamy, buttery and good. The total wasn't bad either; I can't remember the exact number but I remember thinking it wasn't so bad. My friend and I who shared the chicken/waffles paid around $12 including tax and tip. We left overly stuffed and very happy.
I was in Vegas this weekend and stopped at this spot and it was amazing!!!!  Food was GREAT AND THE Service was great too.
Ok. first things first.. . IAM GLAD THIS SPOT IS A FOUR HOUR DRIVE AWAY FROM ME....OR ELSE I WOULD BE MORBIDLY OBESE.. . Went to sin city this weekend, and had to try this spot after seeing it on Man vs Food.. I love a good breakfast... hell, I love a good ANY MEAL, and this place WON like a muthafukka!!!! I hate to say it, but the griddle better watch their back.. . I had the caramelized banana vanilla cinnamon french toast with a pistachio mocha. Yeah. Don't look at me like that... complete with chicken sausage and 2 eggs over hard. And mama did some damage.. My friend ordered the snickers pancakes... (-----READ ITAGAIN.. . The service was impeccable. It literally took us 8 min to get seated (with a party of 5) and our waiter was cooooool cool. (and cute to boot!). . In my opinion, there is only 1 place on the planet (I've persoanally tried) that is an equal. SHOPSINS.... in essex street market in New York. (see review). . Today, it was Jen vs Food... Jen won.
My favorite Hash House. Been to San Diego's about 10 times, Imperial Palace's 2 times, M 1 time, and this one about 10 times. Food was good at all of them. Portions are huge and a great place to take someone that hasn't been here yet. I give this 5 stars because there is rarely a wait, even at lunch the wait isn't too long. San Diego's is always about an hour wait.. . Only issue, this restaurant doesn't have the Butterscotch Almond Pancakes.. . Staff has always been attentive.  Breakfast food on steroids!!! Plan on eating over 2,000 calories if you finish your plate. Expect leftovers.
Let me start by saying I first went to Hash House at Imperial.  It was good, maybe what I ordered wasnt the best (smoked salmon hash).  Alas, enter the location on Sahara! OH MY. I had the fried chicken and maple glaze. Fantastic! Portion was enormous, you definitely need to come with a hungry man here to finish your food.  I split the banana brown sugar pancake with my husband. HEAVENLY. Nothing compares.  The caramelization on the bananas and the surprising brown sugar bits in the batter were nothing short of spectacular.  Might I say that the batter itself without the bananas and sugar was also delicious. Eat here! You won't regret it.  I'm so sad I dont live here, but glad my brother does because this will be on our list of pit stops when we visit.
Let me start by saying I hate Pancakes! But I love them at Hash house, did you see how I hated and now I love?! I think they are the path to world peace. Had the brown sugar and banana pancake its one pancake yes I know just one.......mother clucken, giant, UFO shaped/sized pancake that tastes like the blood of sexy ferries if I were a vampire.  (just watched true blood) Ate there twice in five days and every meal was fucking yummy. . . other meal was Biscuits and gravy cant go wrong with this one either!. . oh yeah Kiwi Watermelon lemonade so damn good.
BREAKFAST ORGY!  Those are the words I use to describe this place to my friends and family...at least the ones that are ok with the word orgy.  I made my first trip here 3 years ago after seeing the man vs food episode and now it is an absolute must on every Vegas trip.  I was there for the week of the 4th and hit it up on the 4th...and the 6th.  Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is my go to when I have to split with my wife.  When the shackles come off and I can order whatever I want, there's no telling what I'll get.  I'll list a few that I've had:. . Chicken and Waffles: SHARE THIS.  It's two big pieces of chicken paired with waffles that have bacon baked into them.  I've never come close to finishing but wished I could.. . Blackberry Granola Pancake: I was embracing my inner tree hugger and it was delicious.  The berries explode all over the pancake with patches of granola baked right in.  If you like those flavors, get this into your mouth asap.. . Corned Beef Hash: Order this if you like actual corned beef and not the dog food that comes in the Hormel can.  It's served in strips, almost shredded, in a skillet with eggs and potatoes and a buscuit.  Coulda been something I'm missing, but it's all about the corned beef.  . . Banana Pecan French Toas: Take a big ass banana, split it down the middle and cook that bad boy up.  Now pair it with some of the best french toast you've had with pecans also invited to the party in your mouth.  If you want some serious sweet for breffas, do this.. . DRINKS- I've been wanting to order drinks for a while now.  I always fixate on the food and skip the exotic drink menu. NOT THIS LAST TIME THOUGH.. . Smores Mocha: Are you F'n kidding me?  First it comes in an oversized mug (surprise). It's a mocha which marshmallow fluff on top that's browned and then garnished with two pieces of graham cracker.  It's very sweet, so I'm not sure if it's an option, but an extra shot would probably be the only recommendation I could give to make this any better.. . Caramel Mocha (?)- not sure of the name, but it comes in a tall glass that makes it look like a shake because it's topped with a bunch of whipped cream which is toped with drizzled caramel and chocolate.  Like the above drink, very tasty, but very sweet.  I like my coffee STRONG, so I'd add an extra shot next time if possible.. . I believe there are at least 4 locations in vegas, The M, The Plaza, The Imperial Palace and this one.  I like this one because it's a free standing building well off the strip, so I avoid a little of the Vegas madness.  It gets packed pretty early.  If you think you're going to sleep till 9 and show up and get a table at 10 like every other lazy ass, you're mistaken.  You need to COMMIT TO BREAKFAST, wake up early and show up as close to opening (i believe it's 7:30am) as possible.. . If you go to Vegas and don't eat breakfast here, YOU'RE DOING IT WRONG.
Had the sage chicken and it was unique and very tasty.   I was in a hurry and by myself so I sat at the bar.  Service was quick and helpful with suggestions.  It was a little pricey but the portions and quality of food makes up for it.  I will definitely visit again.
I have nothing negative to say about my most recent trip to Hash House, except that this food will give you a heart attack if you eat it on a regular basis - but it may just be worth it. Our waiter recommended the Sage Fried Chicken with biscuits and cream chipotle sauce - need I say more? We also shared the biscuits and gravy. The gravy had golf ball sized chunks of sausage in it!!! It was absolutely to die for. I ate it for breakfast, lunch & dinner that day and again the next day for breakfast & lunch & I STILL had left overs. Definitely worth the price for the amount of food you get. I will definitely be returning to Hash House!
I have been here quite a few times when I visit Vegas. This place is AWESOME!! Food price is very reasonable. I have tried different items every time and have yet to be disappointed. As well as there great customer service and prompt waiters.
Better known as "the establishment responsible for robbing me of half a day's worth of tourist time."  . . How, you ask? Well.... . (Cue dream harp flashback sequence music.). . We started the day off with every intention of being productive. Woke up at a decent enough time (especially considering that we were on vacation mode), and headed to brunch at the Hash House. . . Loved the decor (sleek and modern), and was tickled by their slogan - "Twisted Farm Food" (farm fresh food with a 'twist').  After perusing the menu, I knew immediately that I wanted the Fried Chicken & Waffles Tower. How could I not?! I mean, a TOWER of fried goodness! I shot down my hubby's attempt to share an order, determined to take down the tower (and save the princess?) on my own. . . My dish arrived, and I was in foodie heaven. Laced with crispy bacon pieces, these waffles were no ordinary Eggos. And the fried chicken. Oh. My. Goodness. Infused with sage and fried to absolute perfection -- I would have no qualms with eating THESE chicken pieces out of a red and white bucket with my bare hands! Thankfully, we were provided with silverware so this was not necessary. I used my knife and fork to tackle my fried food tower like a civilized person thankyouverymuch.. . As could have been predicted, I was defeated by the tower of gluttony. Though undoubtedly delicious - I couldn't eat another bite. In hindsight, I probably should have agreed to split an order. Alas, I had once again become a victim of 'eyes bigger than tummy' syndrome. . . Here's where the details get sketchy. We headed home (or did we go for Boba first?), and somehow made it to one of the bedrooms. We each felt the need to (falsely) assure one another that we were not going to fall asleep. I wanna say we put in a DVD. I wanna say my sister and I were even munching on some Swedish Fish as an attempt to further perpetrate our 'we're totally normal' act. . . I wanna say we succumbed to food coma pretty instantaneously. . . It must have been a pretty sad sight when my mom walked in to find all of us completely unconscious -- my sister and I laid out on the bed (with an, ahem, EMPTY Swedish Fish bag between us), and our respective men sprawled out on the floor (one of them with his belt and pants button undone to accommodate his fullness). . . Oh, and I should mention - this was FIVE hours later. We had taken a FIVE HOUR midday siesta, thanks to our Hash House feast. We were forced to throw in the towel on any plans we originally had for the day, and made a pact to one another that we would not let this happen again.. . (Music screeches to a halt.). . Until, that is, we met the 30-inch pizza. Alas, a story for another day...
Very  good service outstanding food.Off the strip
Hung over and tired of all the buffets and expensive overrated eateries on The Strip? Well...Hash House a Go Go might just be what you're looking for! It's located off The Strip, but it's a great place for breakfast and brunch.. . I came here with a fairly large party and we were seated almost immediately. With a table full of foodies, we decided to order several dishes to share. This allowed us to try a little bit of everything, which was fantastic! Some of the dishes that we ordered included the following: HH Famous Meatloaf, Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, Corned Beef House Hash, Griddled French Toast, Roasted Pork Tenderloin, and Chicken and Waffles. My favorite was the Griddled French Toast; it was airy and fluffy, with a nice crisp at the edges. It included baked bananas drizzled with banana cinnamon cream and pecan maple syrup. The combination was absolutely orgasmic and I highly recommend it! Another dish that stood out was the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. The benedict came with sort of scrambled eggs, versus the typical poached egg that I am used to. It was different, but delicious. The chicken was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside and the sauce was unique and flavorful.. . The portions were humungous and very nicely presented. Their drinks are also a hit too--especially their kiwi watermelon lemonade and various mimosas! Our waitress was patient and courteous too, so don't forget to visit this place the next time you're in town!
I never had Chicken & waffle. So me & my husband decided to order it & we were so happy that we did because it was delicious. We went there on our vacation & we had to go there again before we went back home it was worth it.
Wait is long, but worth it usually! They put rosemary on everything, a little over bearing but that's ok. Dinner service gives free muffin bread thins, I could get 45 if they'd let me! I love the breakfast and the dinner. I wish they never closed!
Somehow, this location seems way better than the one in Imperial Palace. Maybe because the latter's inside one of the shittiest casinos still around. . . At either spot, you're going to wait a bit, but it's worth it. Hash House A Go Go is a spot for honest, heavy food, and gigantic portions. If you finish your meal, which you shouldn't if you give a shit about your body, you're going to want to shit your pants immediately. . . The food comes out quickly, the service is attentive and friendly, and yeah, the so-much-heavy-food-you'll-shit-your-pants thing. . . I feel like I'd have way more fun at this place if I was Elton John. I have NO clue why. It just seems like a I'd-like-to-be-Elton-John-for-one-day-but-not-the-gay-stuff kind of joint.
My husband and I love going there! It's such a great atmosphere, and the service is amazing. There food always makes for fun pictures :) Whenever friends come to Vegas we always tell them to go to Hash house!
Amazing!!! The salmon scramble is delicious!!! Huge portions though, I suggest sharing.
If you like Texas sized portions (teehee) like I do... then this place is for you! . My girlfriend is from the Vegas area and said she had been wanting to try this for quite some time. One of my initial positives was the fact that you can order breakfast, lunch, or dinner no matter what time of the day. As I am NOT a morning gal and was craving breakfast... this turned out to be a perfect option. . . As we approached the building, there is outdoor seating available including the misting machines to cool you down, which I find funny in contrast since I am from CA where outdoor patio seating has heaters, hehe. . . Upon entering, we were greeted by the front desk girl who was very prompt in not only welcoming but finding us a seat. I am quite picky on customer service... so far, so good.... . Menus and water were brought out promptly. After a brief moment to look over food options, Jackson introduced himself and was very welcoming. He offered awesome recommendations, his personal faves, and any dietary limitations. . . For my order, I went with. Vanilla waffle. "over hard" eggs. Crispy potatoes. . All made delicious! the eggs were just made perfectly fluffy, and crisp enough just delicious. I don't usually like left overs but ate the waffle like a day or so later and it still tasted like perfection. and the potatoes were made deliciously crispy right down to the last bite. It was one of the last things we both nom nom'd on. For anyone wanting to be creative there's even a bacon waffle available. . . You also can't go wrong when both the guys from Man vs. Food & Guy from Diner, drive ins, and dives have both eaten here. . . Check it out! There's something for everyone. Plenty of seating also for children and large groups.
Driving through Vegas we decided to stop in based on all that we had seen on those numerous food shows. Sometimes, I don't get what these guys see in the food but this time it was money! Even at 11 am when we showed up it was packed with a wait of about 40 minutes. . . My son had the snickers pancakes and I had the french toast. Both of us were completely satisfied and stuffed when we left. My french toast was sooo good! The bread was thick and then dipped in a banana cinnamon cream with a camelized banana on top. . . The food was so good that we continued to talk about how that meal was one of the highlights of the trip (seriously, there's not much else in Nevada, southern Utah, eastern Colorado, and all of Kansas). We were so stoked on the food that we plan to visit the restaurant in San Diego soon. Next up... to try one of the hash dishes!. . The service was outstanding even with the long wait. They made sure our order was served up quickly. Loved it and can't wait to go back.
Excellent food and service.  Portions can easily be shared.  If you like corned beef hash, this is the place!  This store is their only one off the Strip, so it had a slower pace than I would assume of the Strip locations.
People aren't kidding when they talk about the portion sizes. . . Hash House A Go Go, you are just fascinating!. . We came here on a Wednesday morning for breakfast. The wait wasn't too bad. It took about ten minutes for them to give us a table for two. . . We enter the restaurant. Hrm, it was a bit loud. My girlfriend and I could not take our eyes off the plates being served as we walked in. Patrons around us were gorging on gargantuan plates, while a few packed lots of leftovers into to-go boxes. We decided to share a plate.. . We ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken. We got the option with a biscuit, two pieces of chicken, two eggs, two slices of bacon, and mashed potatoes. The food didn't take too long to come out. But it would have been worth the wait. The dish looked divine!. . There was a huge rosemary stem sticking out of the mashed potatoes. The scent was deliciously fragrant. The chicken was seasoned very well. It was a bit sweet! My stomach is craving for more as I write this :[ ahh. The biscuit was good, and the mashed potatoes.. oh myy, there was just so much. Even though we shared the dish, we could not finish it. We were too full. Oi.. . Be warned that it's no joke when people say that the plates are huge. Be mindful of your order and don't let your eyes deceive you. Your stomach will hate you for it when you're wolfing down the rest of your meal. . . Hash House is a win for me.
So, consider this My Big Fat First Official Las Vegas Yelp Review since moving here to Sin City.  My partner, Bear, strongly recommended this place after having lunch here with his cousin, who's a 'local'.  And I can see why...HHAGG takes their "twisted farm-fresh" sensibility really seriously, all the way down to the rust-covered "Green Acres"-era tractor perched out front near the parking lot. . . But all else you could notice about the place - even the Wall of Fame at the entrance, that contains the autographed photos of dozens of celebrity past-diners - falls away once the food takes front-and-center stage.  It is no surprise that MAN VS. FOOD's Adam Richman considers this one of his all-time favorite places to eat.  The portions are HUGE.  And I mean so big, even ravenous farmhands just in from a full day in the fields might have to step off a bit. . . Our friendly, animated waiter warned us away from having individual side orders of fries with our sandwiches, having us opt instead to share just one order between us. WISE call.  The Stuffed One-Pound Burger that I had (with the incredible applewood- smoked bacon and melted cheddar), was cooked to perfection, but more like a TWO-pounder than just a single.  And I was HUNGRY.  If you are gorge-a-phobic, I would strongly suggest that you bring a friend, order one entree and split it.  Uhh, actually, you might even want to make it a couple of friends..... . The amazing thing here, though, is that the food doesn't sacrifice the quality for the quantity, which is nothing short of amazing. I do plan on coming back and trying more of the scrumptious-looking items on the menu...just probably not until Thanksgiving!
Come hungry; in fact come starving and be prepared; you will still have a doggy bag to take home; I had some visitors on my last trip and they were leaving that night and I recommended they look at the menu decided what they both wanted to eat and pick one thing to share; he is a normal eater and she was a few months pregnant and starving and they shared the Chicken Pot Pie and couldn't finish more than half of the meal. . . I ordered the same thing and ended up having it for leftovers for three straight days; all their meals are super huge and super tasty.  Get there early or try to avoidlunch/dinner time as the wait can be close to an hour.  . . For out of towners this is a meal they will be talking about for years and when it is on TV as part of Man V food or Best Places to eat they will be able to point at the screen and proclaim I've been there and it was the most wonderful meal I've ever had!
The experience  itself is worth more than 5 stars, let alone the extravagant, picture perfect, work-of-art food. Plate by plate files by you of simply gorgeously displayed craftsmanship on a plate. Does it match up to the visual when it comes down to taste? You betcha! And beyond. . A towering stack of waffles and sagely spiced fried chicken, mounded with fried leeks (Do I eat leeks? I do now!!!). Added an order of scrambled eggs, which it seems silly to say but they were truly the best prepared I can remember. The two of us shared the waffle creation and had more than enough food. . The second Saturday of the month apparently they have this rousing DJ that sets everybody rocking to breakfast. Fun, inventive, artistic food with an attitude and a joint making a statement of swinging for the fences. Loved the experiance and the food!
Came here one vegas morning, but I am going to keep this short because it can be described in just two words "Big" and "Flavorful". Got the typical Man vs Food Favorite "Fried Chicken Benedict" man that thing was huge. I actually finished it which was amazing (because it was early in the morning and I am not a big eater in the morning).
I've been to Hash House many times and they never disappoint me. The food is one of a kind. U definitely need to be starving to really enjoy this place, the plates are frkn enormous. The tower of waffles and friend chicken is amazing, definitely one of my favorites! This is a must if you are in Vegas...
This is the second year I have celebrated my birthday at Hash House. LOL I wish I would have seen my free dinner email BEFORE I went! I went with a group of 5 woman. We all ordered different things. Last year I had ordered the meatloaf, and it was to die for! This year I ordered fried pork. I LOVED it. Not everyone liked the sweet sauce on it. I think all of the chicken dishes were ok, but not FABU. I still stand by that the garlic mashed potatoes are THE best potatoes I have ever had. We had fried green tomatoes and hot spinach salad  which I think was my favorite things this year. Sooooo good. And yes it is a lot of different flavors, but be adventurous and give it a try!
Quick tip, if there is a long line (and I'm sure there will still be a line all hours of the day) head over to the bar to any open seat.  Went in with a group of 3 at 11:30AM on a saturday morning and the hostess said the wait would be 20min.  Fortunately for us, the wait was only 10min was seated at the "reserved" tables in the bar.  Sweet.. . Hash House - Fresh Mushroom, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato and fresh spinach (check out the picture). . The eggs were perfectly fluffy and moist, just like the potatoes with a crispy skin.  Make sure to try the seasonal jam, right now it's peach season so unequivocally, home made peach jam!  . . Call me ghetto, but I think KFC has the best biscuit.  Growing up in socal, my soul food experience is limited, but hash house's biscuit was just as good, especially with the home made jam.
Just had to try this place after a ton of awesome reviews.  We went for a late lunch around 2pm on Sunday.  So glad we did because previous reviews have said how crowded it could get.  The ambiance is super fun (staff dressed in Halloween costumes and live DJ).  The music was bumping and the food is truly out of this world.  Not to mention the portions are HUGE!  PLan to take some home...left overs are delicious too.  Thanks for a wonderful dining experience!  Can't wait to bring friends/family here!
Wonderful for the portions and prices!. Delicious biscuits and gravy.
This place definitely doesn't mesh with my goal of losing a few pounds!  The serving sizes are ginormous!  The food combinations are interesting and unexpectedly wonderful.  I never know what to order so I've made a habit of asking the server to suprise me with whatever their favorite dish is and I've never been disappointed.  Speaking of the servers...always friendly, always helpful, always quick and attentive, always knowledgeable.  I'm a fan for sure.
Always Delish. Great food choices and a fair price. love the BBBLT!
I went here for my birthday great food...  so so service went to the one at the "M" resort.
If I had the time I'd come here every week for the flapjacks - so far I've only tried two, the Apple Cinnamon, which I could eat everyday and the Snickers - I was indulging my sweet tooth to the max that day, but it was way too sweet for me and I like my dessert pretty sweet. I'll just stick to the Apple Cinnamon for now, but proportions here are huge, I usually like to share anything else that I get, usually their skillets which are very delicious too.
Very good food, good service had breakfast two times this last weekend. Highly recommended
FOOD:  Had the corned beef hash which was amazing.  Came with a huge mound of biscuit that was served with a peach jam/marmalade.  My husband and I ate every morsel, as filling as it was.  Now, my husband also decided to try the banana brown sugar pancake.  It's one pancake the size of your head, if you have a giant head.We couldn't finish but it was so tasty, didn't need any syrup.. ATMOSPHERE:  We came on Sat morning so it was packed.  We had a flight to catch and caught a break and were able to sit at the bar.  Amazing how many bloody marys, mimosas and beer are served at 930am!. SERVICE:  Bartenders were very attentive and helpful despite the place being sooooo busy!. GREAT PLACE FOR BREAKFAST!!!  I see why it's a must visit when in Vegas.
So delicious I went 2 days in a row! I will go every time I go to Vegas now. I got the chicken and waffles, wow they were great! The cinnamon roll espresso was like a desert. The 2nd day I had a blackberry/granola pancake bigger than my head! Let's just say the food and portions are a nice treaty at the price I don't feel guilty leaving food on my plate. Recommend this as a hot spot!
Service was great, our waiter was very informative and had excellent recommendations.  . . I ordered the pan-seared chicken penne pasta and it was so savory.  . . The waiter recommended the bloody mary and it came out strong, rich and spicy.  I was impressed and nicely buzzed.    . . The size of the portions are extreme, but the quality of the food is stellar all the way through.
Good food, good portions, and a good staff. Defiantly coming back
Great breakfast spot. There are known for their specialty bloody marys which I had to help with my hangover. I ordered the chorizo hash and it was tasty, large amount, and left me very full. My friend ordered the chicken and waffles and I had a bite of the chicken and that was amazing as well. Highly recommended for breakfast when in Vegas.
I couldn't ask for more for a breakfast place...i mean that literally. I had never been to this restaurant prior to this and had no clue that the portions were as big as they are. I went ravenous so I ordered the chicken and waffles AND the snicker pancake. I mistook the look my friends gave each other when I ordered as "she's really going to like this" when really it was "can't wait to see the look on this broad's face when she sees how HUGE everything is." My chicken and waffles were served to me on a serving platter. It was big. It was fluffy. THERE WAS BACON COOKED RIGHT INTO THE WAFFLE BATTER! And it's covered with this big, juicy, crispy-battered, fried chicken. And THAT'S covered with syrup! I'm eating...and I'm like....WTF IS GOING ON IN MY MOUTH? EVERYTHING!. . *calming down*. . The snicker pancake soon followed and I kid you not when I say this thing was the size of a pizza. One big, fluffy, melted snicker-encrusted piece of pure heaven. Between bites, my friends were shoving mounds of house-made strawberry preserves on toast down my throat. If ever I had to describe the taste of diabetes (diabeetus), this would have been it. My friends, diabeetus...tastes.....GREAT. Go to Hash House-a-Go Go. You won't regret it.
This review update is not for the actual restaurant, but for their Thanksgiving Dinner To-Go.. . Thanksgiving was held at my house this year.  Instead of spending X amount of hours preparing, cooking, and stressing, I chose toorder my turkey from Hash House.  The food here is good so picking the Hash House was a no brainer. . . Hash House Thanksgiving Dinner (To-Go):  Cost $98.99.  . -Deep Fried Turkey (8-10 lb):  My first deep fried turkey.  Initially thought it was small since I'm use to a 15+ pounder for Thanksgiving.  When it came down to it, it was enough to feed 9.  Turkey was good and surprisingly juicy.  Only issue, no leftovers.. . -Garlic Mashed Potatoes (32 oz):  Real stuff, non of that powder Idaho Spuds that you get in the box.  . . -Pumpkin Mashed Potatoes (32 oz):  Tested by most of us, but we didn't enjoy it as much as the Garlic Mashed Potatoes. My opinion, pumpkin dosen't mix well with traditional mashed potatoes. . . -Cornmeal Stuffing (40 oz):  My favorite during Thanksgiving has always been the stuffing.  Throw some gravy on it and it's perfect.  Huge servings. . . -Fresh Creamed Corn (16 oz):  So good and wish this was bigger.  Family killed it on the first round. . . -Buttermilk Biscuits:  6 huge pcs and I mean huge.  Biscuits on Steroids!!  . . -Snickers or Pumpkin Pie (6 pcs):  I chose the Snickers, which was a mistake.  Don't get me wrong, it was sweet and delish.  But pumpkin pie shouldn't be replaced during Thanksgiving.  My bad and ended up going to Smiths to get one.  . . Other trimmings that I didn't include was their baby carrots, cranberry sauce, strawberry jam, and gravy.  . . Obviously, there's some prep and cook time needed on Thanksgiving day.  Along with the meal comes detailed instructions.  When I say detailed, I mean detailed to the time it takes and what you should cook in order.  If I can follow the instructions, anybody can. . . Nothing beats a home cooked meal and I know this.  This year I wanted a stress free Thanksgiving.  You get a lot for $98.99, but most importantly you will be able to spend more time relaxing with family over cooking all night. . . Overall, I give Hash House 5 stars for making me look like the Master Chef this Thanksgiving Day.
Nick was a great server! Food was amazing I'm not a big potato fan but my chorizo hash was amazing along with everything else we conquered and ate thumbs up! Oh ya and awesome drinks I love my new twisted glass!
Go hungry is the first order of business here.  I had the Andy's Sage fried chicken with waffles "stack" and it was excellent.  The coffee was exceptional (full flavored, fresh, and on the strong side--just as I like it) and our waiter came back and informed me of about a 3-4 minute wait because he put on a fresh pot..  Son had the Banana cinnamon French toast and the wife loved the chicken pot pie.  Portions are mega large and the price kind of reflects that.  All three of us took doggie bags home.. Food   5/5. Ambiance  4.5/5. Service  5/5. Value  4.5/5. . Well done, Hash House..
Loved it! One plate is enough for two and delicous!!
I LOVE the brown sugar banana pancake here!! So delicious! The chicken and waffles are awesome too! Whenever we are in Vegas, we always eat here at least once!!
Don't drive or walk to this restaurant. RUN!!!. . Why? The food here is so good and  the servings so large, you need to burn off calories before consumption because you certainly won't be able to move after eating.. . Enough has been said about the food. It's was TERRIFIC!
This place kicks ass on all levels. I had a fried chicken and waffle and could not come close to finishing it.  My girlfriend had a Benedict that was superb, I will probably get that next time. I dig strong coffee and this place delivers. to those that complain about strong coffee., get a clue thats what coffee is suppose to be. my girl had a strawberry kiwi lemonaide that was pretty damn good also..  wait time was 15 minutes but that was to be expected.  The staff was very friendly and we will be back for sure.
Hash House a Go Go is not just a restaurant...  It's an experience!!  I was a Dealertainer at the Imperial Palace and we were asked to go to the Sahara location to promote them opening their new location at our casino.  The manager bought us breakfast after the photo shoot and I ordered my usual egg white omelette and saw all these amazing dishes go by our table.  I'm a foodie to the max and was very intrigued with these masterpieces being placed before other people...  I enjoyed my omelette but left feeling there was way more to experience..  Well as fate would have it, Hash House A Go Go was being featured on the food network that night when I went home.  They had this fried chicken/egg benedict  thing that I just HAD to try!  Well once they opened at the IP a bunch of us went in and did try it!  DEE to the LISH!!  BUT huge!!!  I'm an all day grazer so this baby would last me about a day...  If you like small portions, I suggest you split a dish with someone (although there is a fee for this), it might be worth it.  I took my cousin there from Canada who is a chef and she was completely impressed with both the presentation and the quality of taste!!!!
We recommend Andy's sage fried chicken! Husband and I shared this plate with a side of mashed potatoes and were seriously blown away. He nearly had tears  in his eyes because the chicken was do tender, the food piled so high and the flavors so perfect. . . Additionally, the service was fast (we went around 930am on Friday) and very friendly. We had to take some of the meal in a to go box, too, though we are not lightweight eaters! . . Pros: prices are reasonable, service is great, portions are large, restaurant is aestheticly fitting, food was hot, flavorful and filling. . . Cons: a person's stomach can only fit so much.
SIMPLY AMAZING! I wont write a novel for my review for this eatery. I can only say that the service was amazing and so was the food. The wait, while I expected it to be long, wasn't too bad. The quantity and quality of the food, made the wait well worth it. Love the set-up in this Hash House and I only wished that I lived closer so that could eat there everyday.
OMG huge portions! You definitely should share I ate chicken and waffles which was extremely good my boyfriend ate the famous chicken thing the guy on man vs food ate and the leftovers fed us for 2 days LOL
one word AMAZING.  If you haven't tried this place, it is a must.  My husband and I came, the portions are over-sized , so 2 people can enjoy 1 meal.  I had the bacon waffle...so yummy!!!
WOW what a great place! i had the best Birth Day in Las Vegas and the Best Birth Day breakfast. at the hash house a go go. The chicken Benedict hit the spot that's what i ordered. But in no way finished it was the largest plate i have ever seen. it was wonderful. My boyfriend had the chicken and waffles it went well with my plate i stole most of his onions so yummy. we also ordered 22oz glasses of beer with our breakfast sooo wonderful  I will definitely be going back Hopefully soon
Holy moly, what a breakfast joint!  I was in Vegas on vacation and wanted a good local place to fill up in the morning.  So I Yelped around and found this place.  Went there not really knowing what to expect (other than "it better live up to all these fantastic reviews!") and we were blown away!. . We were looking at the menu trying to figure out the place when the neighbor table got their order.  We were all dumbstruck!  The plates are huge.  But not just huge for size sake, but yummy stacked atop more yummy.  . . I wish there was a place like that back home...  but I am happy to have gone to say that I had the experiencing of eating at one special breakfast joint!
WOW!!!   Love the chicken and waffles.   Great bloody marys.   It's a must for anyone who wants a good hearty meal.
Customer service is excellent & our server Mike was very attentive. I tried the sage fried chicken penne pasta & oh my was it effing delicious! I grabbed a bite of the pub crawl sandwich my boyfriend ordered & it was bomb. The portions are very generous so it might be better to share a meal the next time I visit. The biscuits with drizzled honey are the best effing biscuits I've ever had & I don't usually like biscuits.
Oh my god! Best breakfast/brunch I've had in my life! Everything was traditional american breakfast fare with a twist. The presentation of the food is quite amazing, and the taste is just as much. Bring an appetite to this place, because the portions are no joke, and chances are you'll be able to share.
Hands down my favorite big 'ol nasty breakfast place in Las Vegas. You won't find any place quite like it. One Bloody Mary and a fried chicken Benedict makes for a great morning.
Lots of food.... awesome food!
The food here is good! So good, so damn good. I should go there for breakfast tomorrow. Yeah that's what I'm gonna do
I seriously love this place. Never had an item I didn't love.  What I love about it is how weird and unique the food is!  But seriously, split the entrees--they are ENORMOUS.  Usually me and a friend split an entree and still take a box home. When you consider the amount of food you get, it's really not that bad a price.
After 3 years of dying to come to Hash House A Go Go, I finally made it this past january. and boy, was it worth the wait. I came with 5 coworkers, and we could not have asked for a better time. The service was fantastic, and the food was incredible. . . I had the fried chicken eggs benedict that i had been drooling over for years after seeing it on Man vs Food. it was HUGE! and literally the best thing i've ever eaten. I made it about 3/4 of the way through and had to stop. . . being from the south, i had to try the chicken and waffles (heavenly...the bacon INSIDE the waffles really sets it apart). 2 people at the table got that, and really, they could have shared it. I also tried the meatloaf which was really good, even though i am not one for meatloaf. . . lastly, but certainly not least, the FRESH MADE peach cobbler was to die for. its worth the wait.. . i'll be back!
Operation Hash House A GoGo COMPLETE!!!!. . Oh boy was this place amazing!!! We pulled an all nighter and my friends were raving about this spot. We got there as soon as they unlocked the doors for business and were serviced very quick!!!. . Our party of 8 ordered the following:. . -Banana Flap Jack : AMAZING!!! Super huge and we all shared it because apparently it was the homies appetizer.. -The Trucker Something- It came with French Toast, eggs, and sausage. OMG the french toast was AMAZING!!! It had walnuts (or pecans) and bananas on top. The SAUSAGE was delicious and very flavorful!! . -Biscuit & Gravy: Best I have ever had... definitley had a twist of flavor but it was great!. -Sage Chicken and Waffles- I did not have any but it was a masterpiece of food!! It looke delicious and smelled amazing. -Eggs Benedict - GIGANTIC protions and the boys smashed their food!!. -Corn Beef Hash - I didn't eat this but it looked great!! . -Snicker Pancake : If I ate peanuts I would have devoured the pancake because it looked so good!!!. . All in all it was an amazing FIRST time experience!! PS they have Tangerine juice... freshly squeezed I'm assuming... But it was AMAZING!! . . I hope you're experience is giong to be as great as mine!!!
We went there on a Tuesday night and there was not much of a crowd.  They were filming a TV show there though.  We had great service from our waitress and the manager.  We shared an order of Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict $15.  This is a big portion and it was fantastic.  The chicken was very moist and the chipotle sauce perfectly brought all of the flavors together.  I highly recommend this meal.  For the kids we ordered a pancake that was the size of a plate.  They were great.  They also served us up some biscuits that were drenching in a honey glaze that was delicious.  Had a great experience and I would highly recommend this restaurant.
Absolutely amazing food and service here. Waiters are very attentive, and the meal portions are gigantic! No wonder there's always a wait for a table. We had a party of 5 people, and waited for about 30 minutes for a table. But lemme tell ya - it was SO worth it. Everyone in our group loved their food, and there were certainly left overs when we were done!. . The ingredients used in the food are such good quality, that you can really taste the freshness. The prices aren't too bad (most plates under $15), which is a great perk! Most trendy/high quality meals are much more expensive.. . There is another restaurant location on the strip, but that wait is even worse than this one. It would be worth the drive into the surburbs of Vegas for a visit here!
My daughter took  me to your establishment  about 5 years ago in San Diego, Ca. And i was impressed by your food. Also my waitress was cute she was from Hawaii.  Will you have a Hash House A Go Go. in San Francisco Ca. in the near distant future.
We went here for dinner and I can't wait to come back for breakfast.  I had a fried chicken sandwich, which was amazing.  The chicken is perfectly battered, seasoned, and fried to artery clogging perfection.  I *wish* I had ordered the chicken and waffles, which my husband had, because the waffles were the best I've ever had in my life.  (Yes, I snagged several bites).  They are light, fluffy, and delicious, and they have bacon inside!  Amazing. My father-in-law also says that the bread pudding is incredible.  . . Service was friendly and prompt.  Prices are reasonable.  Portions are huge.  Prepare to be a gluttonous pig or plan to take some leftovers back to your hotel room.
Pancakes are huge but oh so good! Sharing is a must, a lot of food for a great price! Fresh food.
Whoever wrote " I wanna know what love is" has never been to Hash House A Go Go! Apparently, I've been searching for love in all the wrong places and it was hiding all along on Sahara Ave in Sin City. . . The first thing you notice about hash house are the gigantic portions. Often associated with vegas, big food is kind of a staple in the city but it is not always of the highest quality. I think I ate a hot dog for a buck that is still wreaking havoc in me. However, hash house offers dishes with flavor even bigger than the portions. Their waffles are a God send as they are light and fluffy and stuffed with bacon. The fried chicken is moist and succulent on the inside and popping with crunch and flavor on the outside. Their meat loaf is better than any granny will make (just don't tell them that). And their pancakes can be mistaken for blankets they're so big! . . Now with all that said, you'd think you would have to drop some serious coin on a breakfast or lunch this epic. That's where you're wrong! The food is so reasonably priced you almost feel guilty! Almost! For a massive meal that will keep you warm for days, you're probably looking at around 12-15 bucks. That's a bargain considering the quality and quantity of food you're getting. The hash house people are doing everything right except not having a location in LA for me to visit whenever i want.
You would think places like this is more novelty than good food? .....But oh no, this crazy food presentation is one of the yummiest I'd ever tasted!  It was so interesting it broke my heart to disassemble the masterpiece :((. . It was the sage fried chicken - never tasted anything quite like it...HUGE portion, chicken was fried but not greasy and definitely moist! . Yes....WILL BE BACK! :)
The wait time is typically long, so it's best to get up early and go before you get too hungry. But if your stomach is growling, then you'll find that their dishes are served in epic proportions to match that rumbly in your tummy. The sage fried chicken and waffles (which are stuffed with bacon) is my all time favorite dish, and every time I visit Las Vegas and Reno, my mouth waters just thinking about sitting down to order my food. One dish is definitely enough for two. My only complaint is that the bloody mary's don't have enough alcohol in them, but that's why you can go and fill up with spirits at the casinos later on.
I have to confess I was skeptical about coming here because I thought it might be one of those places that's really famous because it was featured on Man v. Food but doesn't live up to the hype. I am pleased to report that this place definitely lives up to expectations.. . First, if you're looking at this review I'm guessing it probably won't be news to you that the portions are HUGE. Seriously, HUGE. The plates are more like dinner platters that you'd see in a buffet. Lots of people seem to order the MvF featured item: Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. I did not indulge, but my buddies did. Let me tell you, this thing was impressive. It's a sky high platter filled with mashed potatoes, homemade biscuits, fired chicken, eggs, and chipotle cream sauce. They bury a knife in it for scale.. . I opted for the mushroom, artichoke heart, sundried tomato hash for a healthier option and it was really well done. Flavorful and served with perfectly crispy potatoes and one of their flaky homemade biscuits. . . If you're into bloody mary's, they make a really great one. Spicy and tangy, exactly how it should be. The double double lattes are also really great.. . This place is definitely worth checking out if you're in the area (go here and NOT to the one on the Strip). Next time I'm planning to try one of the burgers, they looked incredible.
I was super unsure of this place.. . The IP was really under construction at the time... it made me pretty nervous walking through.  & it took me a while to find this place... but wow.  When we did find it, diamond in the rough.. . We dropped in for a breakfast/brunch after a crazy night.  Lots of kids and families.  Loud.  Luckily, there wasn't too much of a wait.  We were seated after about 15 minutes of waiting.. . Great service, the waiter was super attentive.  I love a bloody mary & this was one of the best that I've had.  Just the right amount of spice to clear up the massive hangover.  Their juices are great... freshly made, or so I was told.. . I had the sage chicken... it was insane.  Huge dish.  Perfectly crispy & the sage was intense but surprisingly good.. . I can't wait to go back.
100% nailed their concept and food. Twisted farm food? Hell yes. Very good food, freshly made, amazing presentation, excellent twists on traditional comfort food with portions that could feed two people.
You wanna feel like a MAN?! Then when in Vegas, you do not need to go to a lousy strip club, where the girls are aged like bad beef. You do not need to go to the sexy glitzy Vegas shows, where the girls are hella fine, but way outta your league. . All you need to do to feel like the red blooded fat American you know you are is to visit this place. There are several locales, but since we had a car we went to the original off Sahara Ave. . . The food here is large, enough to kill a small Asian tourist. . But do not share, oh nonono. You all order individual plates and try to finish the mountain of food that stands before you.. . Had the sage fried chicken benediction and it almost tore me in half. Or at least my ass when I was done. No need to say anymore, as this place is extremely popular among yelpers.
We recently took a family road trip from San Jose all the fricken way to Las Vegas and it was one of the best road trips I have ever taken.  The desolate scenery was exactly what I needed to get away from the hustle and bustle of the busy city.  Because we came in right before the New Year, everything was packed, and the hotels no longer sold those Buffet of Buffet passes.  But surprisingly, the Imperial Palace, now known as the Quad, was our jewel on the strip.  Because the dining at Hash House is way up at the top of the Quad, it was not swamped with people.  After escaping the mad crowds and taking several escalators to something like the fifth floor, we got to Hash House.  The service is prompt, they seated us quick, and were oh so kind to talk about the menu to let us know what we were getting into.  Hash House's theme is "freaky farm food" and it is so true to its nature.  Everything on the menu is some traditional classic like waffles, fried chicken, steak, pork chops, all twisted into some freakish concoction either through sheer size of portion or some twist in the cooking methodology.. . We were looking for a dinner for three, and know that because we're small and Asian, we don't eat that much.  A McDonald's chicken patty can be dinner for 2 of us with rice.  We went for the most highly recommended item based on conversations with buddies - FRIED CHICKEN AND WAFFLES.  Holy !$%^.  The stupid thing is gi-normous.  My good buddy who recommended said not to order more than 1 because it would make us feel guilty.  Once you see the thing, you realize you're in trouble.  3 fried chicken breasts over 3 bacon-stuffed waffles, fried herbs on top, and some kind of mash hash thing under it all.  Maple syrups is provided to glaze over the whole mess.  At the top, there is an 8" jagged blade stuck down the entire stack to keep it in one piece.  We ordered a house garden salad, entree style, to help offset the protein rich platter.  . . It took 3 of us to down the entire thing.  The way it was fried was beautiful.  Something in the batter just made it all the better.  The waffles were crisp, wholesome, and the bacon was just a nice added bonus.  If any one single person were to finish this on their own, I would congratulate them for setting themselves up for their first heart attach.  I don't even want to know the calorie count on that bad boy.  . . One of the things I love about the place is that they sell gift cups for their blended drinks.  The hostess was so kind to recommend it.  We ordered a couple drinks, enjoyed them, and they washed, dried, and boxed our cups to go - a great gift.  . . Bottom line: if you are vegetarian, don't go here.  For everyone else, this is as good as a Vegas buffet at HALF the price.  Because of its separation from the casino part of the hotel, it was a glad reprieve from the madness and second hand smoke.  Nice and tucked away, on a very late evening, it's a great place to eat in peace.  Lunch and dinner rush time though ... I'm sooo soooo sorry for you all...!. . Oh yeah, expect to have ZERO cellular signal in this part of the hotel... I love being disconnected from work calls and emails.  Damn you blackberry, damn you!
I've been to the Hash House downtown and on the strip...both of them have been AMAZING!!  Great food, excellent quantity, terrific service...BRING YOUR APPETITE!!!!!!!!
Absolutely amazing food! Not too big of a menu which is good, but what they've got is not gonna disappoint. Was in Vegas to celebrate my friend's Bday and he and his wife/my bff, wanted to hit up this spot cuz they love it. I almost passed on it but I'm glad I didn't. The portions are humungous! I loved every bit of my chicken n waffles. The drinks were beyond good. Service was great, it was a theme day so all the servers were dressed up like robots, which was cool. DJ was playing some good music. I find myself day dreaming about this place still 4 days later. I definitely WILL be going back the next time I hit Vegas! They need to open one in LA!!!
AMAZING! Incredible! FANTASTIC food! Everything I have ever had has been amazing. Sage fried chicken & waffles, Chicken & pork Benedict,Griddled French Toast, stuffed meatloaf, chicken pot pie. . . ALL fantastic and HUGE.  One of my top 10 joints EVER. Only negative is long waits, but they can't control that. Service is also awesome.
Holy Hash House.  Are you aware of how much food you give people?  And how good it is?  I just went here twice in the past 4 days because of how good, and reasonably priced for the Strip it is.  . . First time I ordered the Pork Tenderloin Benedict.  I thought "hey, I'm a pretty hungry guy", I can tackle this mound of delicious potatoes, eggs, fried pork tenderloin with d-licious barbeque cream sauce (say it again, bbq cream sauce.  picture sausage gravy, but bbq style.  mmmm).  It came and my jaw dropped (see picture).  I ate a third of it or less, and I was STARVING, and I am not the skinniest person in the world!  This place should just call itself a man vs food challenge, which actually had an episode here.  It tastes soooo good.  Made me wish I had a fridge in my hotel room. . Second time I had the chicken and waffles.  To picture this skyscraper of chicken on top of waffles doesn't do it justice... again see picture!!!  You want a little more info?  Ok, those gigantic waffles on the bottom are STUFFED WITH BACON.  Yes, I didn't stutter.  Incredible.  To my credit I demolished the chicken and a couple of the waffles, but this is truly a gargantuan dish.. . I totally get how others might have complained about the wait, since I walked by a couple times and saw a ton of people, but I didn't wait at all both times I went, so no complaints there.  Also have great fresh squeezed OJ tangerine juice (who knew!). . Only question is, when are they going to open one of these places where I live?!
The food is AMAZING, and the portions are astronomical!! Make sure you bring your stretchy pants..... . I had the regular combo with Vanilla Waffles, eggs, and sausage and I STILL could not finish it.  My husband had the Sage Chicken and Bacon (yes, Bacon) Waffles....this is one of the most popular items.  I tried the chicken and it was DELISH...it wasn't dry and the favors are on point. We'll definitely go again :)
Great service.  Unique food combinations and huge serving sizes.  Banana brown sugar flapjacks were amazing and caramel mocha was great but very sweet. Had a lot if food left over when we were done so should have just ordered a couple of sides and one sweet dish.
Have been dining here since we moved here in Las Vegas in 2003. My family and I love the portions and you're allowed to share.  There is a small sharing fee which is very reasonable.  We make sure we bring our family and friends here whenever they are in town and they love it.  They are so amazed of how big the portions are.   The service is excellent and food is always great.  We've never had any issue for the past 10 years of coming here.  Always our favorite!
As much as I love food, Vegas buffets are just not worth it for me. I rarely will ever get to a third plate even if I tried. . . Upon arrival...I loved how the place looked...a very Midwest look to it. Bf and I arrived around 10:30 for breakfast and the place was packed. Luckily we were just two people, seated right away.. . We ordered the Andy's Sage Chicken Benedict (Man vs. Food favorite) and banana nut flapjacks. . . We should have shared but didnt think the flapjacks would be that big. The benedict is enough for two people to finish. First bite of the Benedict was amazing! I especially loved the grilled cheese atop the Benedict. . The banana nut flapjacks were well made. Bf liked how they were crispy and not soft and mushy on the outer layer. . . Kimberley was out server. She was pleasant and came by to check on us and refilled our coffee without us having to ask. Oh by the way, coffee was good. Not your usual restaurant coffee. If it was, it was good quality then. :). . Overall great experience and great food. Will return on our next Vegas trip.
Skip the crappy buffets and head over here you won't be disappointed! The chicken benedict lived up to its reputation, giant & delicious! BF got the chicken & waffles and up until now I could never figure out why people like them so much but one bite and I was thinking "ok NOW I get the whole chicken & waffles thing!!" my standard has finally been set! The house bloody mary was yummy too, hit the spot! Will be coming back anytime we're visiting Vegas! The waitress was very accommodating to my picky 5 year old who decided mid-meal he wanted bacon, the bacon was out in no time!
Used to go here all the time with a very close friend for breakfast. Love this place!. Also they serve really big portions with the waffles, etc so make sure you save space!
Everything is so good here I love the blue cheese burgers, I always have left overs. Some times there's a wait but the last couple times we went we got right in.  Love it
WARNING!!! DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE UNLESS YOU HAVE A HUUUUUGE APPETITE!!!  My wife and I just spent the weekend in LV and ended up going to the HHGG twice for breakfast.  The food is awesome and the servings are insanely huge.  Servers, as busy as they are, are polite and friendly.  This is a must visit place that will not let you down.   NICE JOB HHGG!
I do not have much to add to the rave reviews other than this place is a ton of fun, the service was fantastic, the food incredibly tasty and the portions are enormous.  We also came at the right time.  Second Saturday of each month the wait staff dresses up. This month was Disney themed. . . This is Vegas, so there was also a DJ.  Highlight of the music was in between the house and hip hop the DJ played Disney theme songs.  Aw yeah!. . The Bloody Mary's were on point and the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict was outstanding. . . I highly recommend this place for that weekend hangover cure.
Incredible food, ginormous portions, great service.
Great food, huge portions, nice atmosphere.. Fast friendly staff & comfy desert industrial style. They have fresh squeezed juices & an extensive drink menu. The table next to us had brunch, with massive french toast & pancakes that can feed two kids or small adults. The burgers are huge & come with fries or cucumber dressing salad. The salad was great. We also had grilled chicken salad which was great. . We were seated quickly inside. There is a small outdoor patio but it stays pretty full. Big parking lot so no problems there.
I love this place.  Great food in ginormous portions.
Love the food, although the portions are just Ridonculous!!!! But damn for the price you cannot go wrong. And any place that serves a mystery 24 oz can of Beer in a paper sack for $1.50 in Vegas is good in my book!!!. The Pork Tenderloin here is the size of a 16 inch pizza and frigging delicious, as is the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict, and the Chicken and Bacon Waffles. Also the Burgers are damn huge and tasty as well!!. And they have Arrogant Bastard Ale in the Bomber Bottles!! Win Win!!!
If you're a bacon lover, you have to taste the bacon mashed potatoes!  I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict w/ maple reduction, 2 eggs, bacon mashed potatoes & biscuit dish and it was soooo good.  Real bacon, tasty sticky maple syrup, and juicy fried chicken...also, they throw in a few crispy bacon strips on top of the fried chicken.. . The kid's chocolate pancake was ridiculously huge...probably 12 inches in diameter.  My 6 year old and 2 year old barely could eat a quarter of it.  It was nice they gave them plastic water cups and crayons/paper to keep them occupied until the food came.. . Husband ordered the corned beef hash and it came out in a skillet.  He said it was delicious too.. . The only thing that I didn't like was the coffee.  It tasted pretty bitter but the waitress told me they brew their coffee strong.  I'm from Seattle and I know what a good cup of joe taste like.
Wow!  Words can't describe the food here!  Great food, great service, explained they don't have a microwave or heat lamps, so the food will come out as ready!  Food fresh, hot, and wonderful!  Try the fried chicken and waffle tower...AHMAZING!!'  My husband had the smoked salmon scramble...he said it was De-lish!  Well worth the wait!
Food was delish and way more than I could handle. Took home leftovers, no problem! Server earned herself a big fat tip dor her fantastic service. Sharing food with the kids was a bonus. Certainly coming back. Ah! hash house a go go at the M casino Las Vegas.
We've been for brunch and the food was delicious.  We went for dinner to celebrate my sister & her husband's anniversary and the dinner was even better than breakfast.  Service was friendly and attentive.  The restaurant was a lot less busy too :)
Awesome food, great environment, a real must see in Vegas.  If you can avoid going to the one in The Quad that would be a bonus....not because it's not as good, but that way you can avoid going into The Quad!. . The food is well priced for the amount you get and the quality is very good.  Hash House has been on multiple television shows and have some amazing dishes (Brown Sugar Banana Pancake, Fried Chicken and Waffles).. . Do expect a lengthy wait if you are going anywhere near breakfast (9am-1pm) usually 30-45 minutes, plus the food can take a healthy amount of time to get to you as well.  But it is an experience well worth the trip!
The portions are HUGE & the food is awesome.  Each portion is more like 2 - 3 meals, but very good.  All of the staff have always been super nice every time I've been there.
great food, huge portion sizes!
This is truly a culinary experience. You can not go wrong with practically anything on the menu. Come hungry and be prepared to wait. It is worth it. If you are a chain restaurant person you will not get it! . Farm fresh and local with quirky servers and high energy. Fabulous!
Their chicken & waffles is amazing!
Hash House is one of the few Vegas restraunts that really shines!  I love the fact that it's Vegas born (even though they've expanded to different cities).  I like taking friends from out of town here as it's a neat experience off the strip.. . I don't recommend going to the other locations as they never really feel the same as the Sahara one.. . Biscuits are amazing.  Portions are huge. Food is darn-right yummy!
amazing!!!
BEST FOOD EVER!!! (Sorry Mom!). . FAVORITE: Sage Fried Chicken & Waffles. I could have easily spent my entire life not knowing that chicken & waffles were SUPPOSED TO BE THAT DAMN GOOD! (Sorry Mom!) The mashed potatoes are STUPID GOOD too. My son ordered a pancake (either blueberry or cranberry & walnut) that was as big as a Domino's medium-sized pizza. JUST WAY BETTER! The look on his face when it was brought to the table said it all.. . YES IT'S CROWDED PEOPLE!!! When something is this GOOD, people tend to show up in large numbers and then they want to stick around to enjoy all that buttery goodness. THAT'S JUST THE WAY IT IS. SOME THINGS WILL NEVER CHANGE. When the food stops being good and the service turns for the worse, there won't be as many people in front of you. Then there won't be as many good reviews because bad service & good food rarely coexist anwyere in the world.. . Thanks Bin Laden! :-P. . I've never had any issues. Probably because I'm a fan of the food. If I know we're going there, I'm prepared to wait because it's well worth it. I've been to this location as well as the one inside the Golden Nugget downtown and the food and service were both excellent, although I enjoyed the vibe at this location better than at the Golden Nugget.. . If you're not a fan of the SUPER-SIZED & DELICIOUS, this is NOT the place for YOU. I promise I won't complain if you're not there because it'll only mean that I'll get to my table faster if you ain't all up in the way!. . MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THAT THERE ISN'T A HASH HOUSE IN LOS ANGELES (MESSAGE!!!)
Best breakfast in Las Vegas. I love the chicken and waffles.
I'm usually here for weekend brunch when I'm craving delicious fatty American style brunch. They don't take reservations and there is always a long wait. It is so good that I don't care for the wait or how many calories is in this food. I've tried their chicken and waffles, a few flapjacks and hashes but eventually decided that Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict is still my favorite. I love taking friends and family here. . . The portions here are HUGE! My last time here, I was with a group of friends who are from out of town. I gave the guy friends a challenge to finish the food from their plate. All the guys thought that this could be easily done and happily took the challenge. Of the 5 guys at the table, only 2 where able to finish. The rest almost passed out from trying. The only other girl at the table and I both finished about half and I felt full the rest of the day.
Love this place. Huge portions, fun drinks and great service.
Great atmosphere and unbelievable food!  Robert took great care of me and was very prompt. If you are looking for a unique twist on classic breakfast I would highly recommend this place.  It is worth the 5 mile drive from the strip.
How excited am I right now? SO EXCITED! Whenever we are in town a meal here is mandatory! Unlike most diners, I clean my plate just about everytime. HUGE portions of delicious and fresh food, better than my mama ever made. So yummy! Bonus points for cans of PBR!
Hash House A Go Go at the M is where it is at! I can't speak of the other location on W. Sahara as I have not been to that one. The food items are HUGE and the management on down to the waitstaff is friendly and fast. If you go to the one at the M Casino Resort ask for our favorite waitress Sunday. She is full of energy and makes the experience that more enjoyable.
amazing!!! the chicken and waffles are to die for.. the put bacon inside the waffle......gamechanger!!!. also the giant pancake is straight out of uncle buck. great for breakfast lunch or dinner
I don't even know where to start. Normally there's a pretty stead 45-60 minute wait for a table here, but we walked right in on Friday for brunch - maybe it was in the stars :). . Everything on the menu sounds delicious - I recommend the infamous Chicken & Waffles. You truly can't go wrong. The sage fried chicken is absolutely succulent, and they actually put large pieces of bacon inside the waffles. This will be one of the best meals of your life, hands down. It's fabulous. . . The staff are super friendly and tell you up front that the servings are 'generous' which happens to be a gross understatement. The four of us at the table were ravenous and shared two plates, barely finishing them. They also don't have heat lamps in the kitchen, so when your order is hot and ready, it comes right to the table which is how it truly should be. . . This will be my #1 destination for all visitors :)
A must try for the hungry yelper. Waffle and chicken is amazing!
Favorite place and yes, order the chicken and waffles!
LOVE the hash house a go-go. We like the one at the M resort the best.. The views are amazing. The food more than you can eat, come hungry, you will not be dissappointed.. Love the chicken n waffles, the potatoes are amazing.. One of my favorite place to eat in vegas..
Call me crazy, but I'm OVER buffets. We came here because Golden Gate is gross and this was the next closest thing. . . I got the Famous meatloaf hash something-or-other. It was really good. A lot of food! My fiance though. He got the chicken and waffels. Not only was it beautiful when it came out (it was just so decorated.) It was possibly the best tasting thing I've ever had. It's more than enough food for 2 people. I cant recommend it enough.
Had the chicken and waffles and man was it tasty. My girlfriend loved her meal as well. Big portions and great service. Will be back for sure
Sage fried chicken was  scrumptious my husband and I shared and were full
Fun night out! I got the Famous chicken and waffel.  It was really good. A lot of food! It is beautiful to look at and even more beautiful to eat.  It sounded gross to me butIt was possibly the best tasting thing I've ever had. It's more than enough food for 2 people. I cant recommend it enough.  The prices are high but your in Vegas.
Words can't describe how great this place is!! GENEROUS servings, diverse selection of twisted food on the menu and best yet, the wait staff can speak to the many with such clarity and knowledge. It's a celebrity visited establishment and is highly recommended for those visiting Las Vegas! Will visit again. WARNING: the meal portions are generous and everything is made on site. You will not be disappointed. Affordable prices too.
What a great menu!! The breakfast and the burgers are awesome! More than your money's worth for sure.
My husband and I always eat here before we leave Vegas. The best breakfast ever! So tasty and portions are huge! Everything is delicious!
HUGE Portions. Come on and empty stomach! Sage Chicken and BACON Waffles are amazing (They put bacon inside the waffle) Get a BLT Bloody Mary too!
Love Hash House!  The food is great, staff friendly.  What else can you ask for?  Oh, their Bloody Mary's are to die for.
This place was soooooo YUMMY!!! . . I had the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and it was AWESOME! The chicken was cooked real right,. Crunchy and the flavor was amazing. The fried leeks on top complimented the dish so well. They put a strip of bacon in the middle of their waffles!!!! Who does that? IT was amazing. . . Their servings are insanely large, the picture doesn't even do it justice. I saw grown big men cutting their burgers in quarters...  . . You must visit this place when you go to Vegas!
So yummy. Try the fried chicken and waffles- it's a home cooking party in your mouth!  Also the side of Mac and cheese is to die for!  This place is 5 stars!  Hope it comes to the east coast soon!!!
My hands down favorite breakfast place in Las Vegas. Everything on the menu is fantastic, but the Salmon Benedict is a real thing of beauty. A word of warning, though: come hungry. The portion sizes are easily big enough to share.
Taking a break from traditional Vegas buffets, I decided to give this place a try with friends. They're located about 5 miles west of the strip on Sahara Ave. Although the place was fairly busy for a Monday morning, we only waited about 10 minutes for our seat. . . There rustic and casual take on traditional breakfast and comfort food is insanely good. We ordered the sage fried chicken and waffles, smoked salmon scramble and blueberry pecan flapjacks. We were visually wowed when our food arrived.. . The sage fried chicken and waffles was massively huge, piled high and beautifully presented. It must have been stacked 8-10 inches high and artistically decorated with huge sprigs of rosemary and sage leaves. I didn't know whether to eat it or pray to the food gods. It was truly amazing and the quality was downright excellent and delicious.The chicken was well seasoned, tender, light crisp on the outside and scrumptious. Inside the waffles were infused with bits and pieces of bacon which caught me off guard and happily surprised. Gratifyingly savory while still sweet, they're definitely better than any chicken and waffles I've tasted before. It makes Rosco's chicken and waffles in LA more like a kid's meal. . . For you pancake lovers, their flapjacks are incredibly huge and almost the size of a pizza. Most importantly, it was delicious. They don't skimp on toppings either. Each flapjack was packed and full of blueberries and pecans. Every bite had something in it. . . On a more civilized level, the smoked salmon scramble portions were smaller and regular size compared to the other dishes. Both the brie and pesto provided scrumptious fusion of flavor and texture. Accompanied with potato hash and toast, it was tasty and hearty breakfast.. . The food here is crazy good and prices are very reasonable (entree $10-$15). Our server was friendly, attentive and refilled our coffee and water promptly. While their over the top presentation and massive portions can be a bit overwhelming and mammoth, they make sure that taste and quality take center stage as well. Enjoyed my first visit and hope to come back many more...
If you're not hungry DO NOT COME HERE ! Big appetites are needed when eating here ! I ate the chicken and waffles and was absolutely blown away at the dish .
Probably one of my top 5 favorite restaurants. Huge and delicious portions. Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is to die for!
The food is soooo good at Hash House- whenever I have guests in town this is the first stop! Plus, this is a pretty popular place so there may have a short wait but its so worth it !! The food is HUGE- quite literally, 1 plate could feed 2-3 people. So, what I would suggest is order a few things with your group and share! My favorite dish is the Grilled French Toast and my hubby loves the Sage Fried Chicken and bacon waffles!
WOW, twisted farm food, more like food on steroids!  I've been here several times now and am running out of things to keep trying, but every time it's been fantastic and the service is top notch.. . We come usually for breakfast and try to seat at the bar when available, so that we can get the inside intel from the always friendly bar staff regarding the goings on here.. . Expect to wait as there is always a line, but there are plenty of things on the walls to keep you occupied while waiting to be seated.. . Start with the Kiwi-watermelon lemonade, not only is it colorful, but tastes fantastic.  Then again ALL of their specialty drinks rock. This last visit my wife ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and I hand the Snickers Flap Jack with eggs and bacon.  The flap jack was bigger than the plate!. . I could go on all day about the food, but it only makes me hungry, so I'll leave it to you to give it a try yourself.
YUM! Huge servings (ask for half to be boxed from the get go). Biscuits and gravy to die for. Amazing tangerine mimosas too!
Hash House a Go-Go is our Favorite place to bring family and friends when they are visiting from out of town. Breakfast is served all day and our favorite meal to have there. We love when they order pancakes and the shock on their face when the huge plate arrives.. Watermelon lemonade is amazing! . . First heard about the restaurant  on the Food Network. Everything tastes home cooked and delicious.
OMG!!!! So much food so little time to eat! My food was so good! I had the sage chicken stack with pancakes on the side. I couldn't eat a 1/4 of the food. . Very tasty, restaurant very cleaned and my waitress was the sweetest person. Very helpful, funny and made sure everything I need was there without me asking such as syrup, ketchup, salt/pepper. '. I couldn't think of anything better for breakfast. This menu is Amazing! I was placing numbers on the items that I was going to get next! . I highly recommend this place!. GO! GO! GO! I'll meet you there!
Wow, what a great place! Great atmosphere and food selection. You must try the sage chicken benedict if you're tough enough!!!
IF YOU GO TO LAS VEGAS, GO TO HASH HOUSE A GO GO!  And go there HUNGRY.. . Once again "Man VS. Food" picks a winner.  Huge portions of creative food full of flavor, at reasonable prices (imagine that?).   And PBR for $1.75?  Yes please  Three of us shared the fried chicken benedict, grilled cheese, and bacon cheddar mashed potatoes.  All SO good.  We were stuffed but couldn't resist the bread pudding which was AMAZING.  We were so full and still carried out about four pounds of food.  . . Our server was fantastic; even he couldn't contain his excitement over the food.  So many places in Vegas will let you down...this place exceeds all expectations.
LOVE Hash House A Go Go - at least before I was vegan! On late work nights, I'd stop by there and get the stuffed meat loaf- the kind of meal that makes your heart sing with joy. The ultimate comfort food. I'd order that, and a side salad, to go and that one meal would be enough to feed myself and my husband for dinner with leftovers. (And we can put away some food!) Everything I've ever had there is amazing, the prices are reasonable, and the ambiance is chic. Now come up with some vegan options so I can go back!
I have been back to Hash House A Go Go, 3 or 4 times since my first time. They are hands down the best breakfast place ever. The food is amazing and the portions are the largest ive ever seen. The pancake was the size of a place mat and was filled with delicious whole bananas, and the chicken and waffles was awesome! It was better than Roscoes! The chicken was juicy and the waffles were infused with whole strips of bacon. The servers were friendly and helpful. Overall it was amazing and you have not had breakfast until you have eaten at Hash House A Go Go!
Great place, come hungry
Very,very good food only thing is you better be hungry cause everything is HUGE !!!
This place was amazing. Huge portions, delicious food, great friendly service. Great Experience!
Very good food!!!!
If your in Vegas you MUST eat here! Great food and great service!!!!
Another Food Restaurant featured on Man vs Food and Triple D's. This place was recommended to me by my concierge. I gotta say that was a good recommendation. She said to only go to this one which is located on Sahara Ave. I went here, walked in and on the walls in the entrance they have pictures with all kinds of celebs that have been to this location. The decor was nice. . . I chose to order the chicken and waffles. One thing I have to say is this place is pricey, so if your not willing to pay almost $20 to eat one of there special dishes per person, then your not going to like this place. But in defense of the price every plate I saw coming out of the kitchen the portions were humongous beyond normal. Even larger than Claim Jumpers portions.  No one person can eat an entire plate alone. . . The chicken and waffles I ordered came with two huge chicken breast 4 big waffles with bacon inside with fried leaks, green onions, red, yellow and orange bell peppers with two tomatoes on the side. You get two huge biscuits with the order your as well. I would recommend Hash House A Go Go to anyone that wants to try them out.
This place never disappoints. . . Servings are huge and they don't sacrifice quality for quantity. I ate here twice the last time I was in Vegas and they have opened more locations since then. I'm thinking Chicago in the near future. If you're going during "conventional" breakfast hours (I mean come one it IS Vegas we're talking about here) be prepared to wait and wait, but it is worth it. Get something that comes out right away to share or nibble on. Service staff are great they really enjoy their jobs and know the menu well.
I have to come here when I go to vegas.  My favorite meal of the day is breakfast and do they serve it!  Huge portions!  Sadly I always come here Sunday morning which is the worst time to go.  I end up waiting for an hour.  But that's okay, makes me hungrier for the food!  I get the corned beef hash and blueberry pancakes.  Sooo good.  They also have this homemade peach jam thing you can put on your fresh biscuits.  Their drinks are super good too, I wish I was there right now.. Sigh
Best Fried Chicken and Waffles I have ever eaten!! Great service
Large portions, reasonable prices. . The food was DELICIOUS!. I ordered the chorizo hash brown omelette. The potatoes were a perfect beautiful golden brown and tasted just as good as they looked. Service was quick and friendly. And I had left overs for dinner : )
Love this place!  Huge effing burger for a great price!  Delicious options!
THEY HAVE THE BEST Mango coconut pancakes!!!!! O to the M G!!! Favorite pancakes EVAAA! you guys rock for late nite yummies!!!
The food was AMAZING!  Not only was the food but our waitress was great.  She even advised me on what was coming AND she was from IL.  It was her last day and they are missing out.  The food trumps everything.  We had 11 people at the table and everyone loved their food and wished there was one in Chicago.. . Next time I'm in Vegas I'll be going back, guaranteed!
fantastic service, delicious food, and i can sit at the bar during my long on-call shifts for UMC  and not be disturbed.
From the time we walked in the service was excellent!! Excellent Bloody Marys in the waiting area and amazing wait service. The only thing you need to remember is "Make sure you're hungry" the portions are insane.
Yum yum yum. . pancake =delicious. . sage fried chicken= delicious. . one lb burger #5 = delicious. . quick friendly service. Large delicious portions +++. . Will be going back
Hash House represents one "reel" of my foodie jackpot winnings in Vegas. Absolutely love this place!  During a mere 5 minute wait at 9ish am,  I checked out the celeb wall of fame. Man vs. Food's been here.  Impressive but more so, I loved the friendly attitude and commitment to customer service here.  Of course, the food was kickass and doled out in manly man sized servings.. There must be a prereq to working here.  You must be fun and ubercool. There was no shortage of interesting tats and off the chart hair color.  Regardless, the hostess and the servers were really nice.  . There was a literally a slight "mixup" in my oatmeal order but no biggie.  The server and the kitchen manager (?) were very considerate.   Yes, I actually ordered oatmeal despite being surrounded by foodie heavenly delights which were beckoning my name.  However, I resisted.  Well, no, actually, I did succumb to temptation and took a taste or two of hub's Fried Chicken eggs benedict.  Woman vs. food and food won.. Now, this is no ordinary or traditional eggs benedict.  This was the kitchen sink gourmet version over yummy biscuits.  Each presented with a nice sharp knife on top of a huge pile of food.  How fitting. . My oatmeal was very satisfying with a pile of beautifully presented fruit on top. Think oatmeal... Carmen Miranda style. . Kiddo's pancake was the size of a Frisbee.  He ate a hole in the middle equivalent to 2 ordinary sized pancakes.  . I know it's not "manly" to share dishes, but if you come in a group, it's too hard to not want to try someone else's entree, so I would recommend family style ordering. . The ambiance is laid back, modern and all walks of life come here.  Cool..... We'll def be back next time we're in town!!!!
All I can say about this place is HUGE portions that can be shared with a lot of people. Gotta try their famous Andy's sage waffle and chicken. That sucker is huge and inside the waffle, it has bits of bacon. Yes, I said bacon. Bacon lovers get the chicken and waffle!. . Every time I go here I always get good service and nothing bad seems to happen. They have set hours for breakfast/lunch and dinner. They close for about 2 and a half hours to get their dinner situated. . . Very good place to eat your heart out. Go there hungry.
Multiple times I have been to this HashHouse and each and every time these people are filled with awesomeness.  Waiters/waitresses on point, friendly and attentive.  It seems as though everyone takes pride in customer service.  If I don't see my waitress/waiter I don't even have to ask for them.   A different waiter/waitress from a separate section may notice my coffee is low and offer me more.  Great TeamWork!!  Today I had the tractor driver combo with vanilla waffles.  A++  We also had Chocolate chip pancakes, french toast, and the Chicken and waffles.  The survey from everyone was A+++
Their food is SOOOO good! I have eaten there a few times, and I have always been impressed by the food and the presentation.
My friend and I ordered a pancake and we were so full after splitting one pancake. It is HUGE!!!! We ordered a cinnamon banana pancake and it was delicious!
Any of the Hashes are awesome! Also, try the chicken and waffles. The waffles have bacon in it.. . Didn't try a burger but they are stacked! 1lb!. . Huge portions!. . Features on DDD!
Fun, huge portions..ultimately good food.
This place has become one of my Vegas traditions. Nestled inside what used to be the Imperial Palace, now The Quad, the Hash House is open 24hrs for breakfast, lunch and dinner. I've only eaten breakfast here, but with the size of the portions this one serving could feed you all day. . Everything is farm fresh and homemade. Their pancakes are the size of a car tire, no joke! The brown sugar and banana is my favorite and it should come with a side of insulin because this thing is sweet tooth heaven! They also make amazing hashes that come with biscuits the size of softballs!. Decor is industrial-farm warehouse. For breakfast come early or you will be waiting. Service here is always friendly and they have really good coffee. Overall amazing food and perfect for a Vegas hangover meal!
MAN did I love this place! I really love how creative they are with their presentation. The Fried Chicken Benedict was almost doing too much, but it was worth it! The corned beef hash was great. I have no complaints at all about that. The blueberry pecan flapjack was amazing. We were all talking about the pecans. Then later on that night I snuck away to try one of the scrambles. Another hit!! Everything was amazing!
Delicious. One of the best places u have been for breakfast and ridiculous portions too. Only down side is the wait but it's to be expected for food so good.
Awesome!  Best food we had the whole time we were in Vegas.  The menu selections are so creative & different, and one dish was endorsed by the show 'Man -vs- Food'.  Got the Sage Chicken & Waffles and it was delish. When in Las Vegas, you must eat here!!
This Hash House A Go Go has become a must stop by, place to eat when in Vegas!  There are so many great places to dine when in Vegas.  This place is not close to the strip, so it doesn't hit a lot of people radars when they search Yelp for a great place to eat.  But if you're willing to take a little drive or cab ride off the strip and want a super meal, breakfast-lunch or dinner, this Hash House A Go Go is a fantastic place to go!!. . Location~ just a couple of miles off the strip in the Asian Market area.  The restaurant is very clean and inviting and easy to find.  It has a great ambiance that is family friendly. . . Food~ it's hard to choose from one of their many hash skillets if you're dining for breakfast or just feel like eating breakfast for dinner.  Their veggie and corn beef hash skillets are two of my faves.  Both are DELISH, served with eggs of your choice, on top of potatoes and with a biscuit (or what ever you would like to eat)!  They also have super burgers and pretty extensive menu with loads of things to choose from.  Yes, their portions are huge, so you may want to share with a friend if you're not hungry :-). . Service~ it's always top notch.  They are very accommodating even for the pickiest of eaters.   They are very friendly and eager to help you.  . . This is one of the best places to dine in Vegas off the strip.  They offer flavorful food and super service.  I hope to see you there some day soon.
I finally made a stop at this place after wanting to do so for months now. I'm so glad I stopped by the food was delicious and the portion was huge. Customer service was great and I will definitely be returning soon. Yuuuuuum! I recommend to all the foodies. Perfect place to kill the munchies -_-
I love this place. Good food, huge servings and good service. I would recommend this place for family gatherings or any other ocassions.
Its like a fancy Heart Attack Grill... but better!  My favorite is the Eggs benidict and it is a must try!
AWESOME FOOD!!!  Plates are enough to share.
The food here is sooo good! I love eating here and the drinks are good too,  jessica was a great bartender! I didn't really know what I wanted so she just made up a drink for me and it was sooo good!
Love this place the chicken and waffles rock!!!!
This place is absolutely AWESOME! The portions will have even the largest of appetites begging for a go box, come and check it out and my recommendation is the hand hammed pork cutlet benedict.... sounds country, because it is!
This place is awesome  great  fresh food. We ned  1 in Phx Az
I never would have ordered the fried chicken benedict had I not see the episode on Diners, Drive-Inns, and Drives. I'm so glad I did! It was one of the best things I have ever eaten! The restaurant was clean and adorable. There was a bit of a wait to be seated but well worth the wait. Staff was friendly, food arrived fast and portions were huge! Love, love, loved this place. Can't wait to go back.
Its a great place to visit , the food is good .. The food portions are for giants or about 3 people., this place is popular especially with tourists.
Great place.  Fun atmosphere.  Great comfort food.  Serving sizes could feed three people.  Bring your doggie bag.
See Nick for the best service ever!
The kiwi watermelon lemonade. omg.
very good..   huge plates!!
Came in here around 12pm for late breakfast. Got seated in about 10 minutes. Awesome. Waiter took our order. Recommended the Chorizo Hash :) great service, I'll be sure to tip extra ;)
We had a great time with great food! . The staff was kind and we ended up calling the manager over to put in a good word for our server.
The sage chicken benedict  is one of the best things I've ever eaten. . Came here because of man v food, but kept coming back every morning because everything was so tasty.. The pancakes are HUGE, and tastes amazing.
This is one of my favorite places to go!  I have never been disappointed by the quality of the food and the presentation is fantastic!  Only downsides are:  You may have to wait for quite a while if you go at peak times, the prices look a bit steep (though you get soo much food that it is worth it), and it is noisy.  Though all of those are not really downsides in my mind, I would still wait 45 if I happened to have a craving for a Snickers pancake on a Sunday morning! :D. . Recommendations:  Watermelon kiwi lemonade, Snickers pancake, Meatloaf...  Everything I have tried so far has been amazing! :D
me and my family love eating out here,  excess amounts of delicious foods!!   we love coming here esp. on breakfast.
Great service and awesome food. More then I can handle but it was all good. Def got to check this place out
Awesome "farm" food but not your typical Auntie May fare.  This is as good as breakfast gets...just be warned, you will spend a pretty penny on it.  As long as the quality reflects the price tag I'll pay it lol!  I strongly recommend the Bloody Marys.
Biggest complaint:  portions are absolutely overwhelming!  When I can't come close to finishing my plate (and I'm in Vegas so I can't take home the leftovers and put them in the fridge), I feel like I'm getting ripped off a little!. . As a native Oregonian who spent a couple years living in Portland, I feel like this place would fit in well there: a foodie's dream, plus the decor was farmer-hipster :)  That said, I thought it was fun and really liked it!. . I had a skillet full of breakfast awesomeness.  It was flavored so well and they used olive oil (yum!).  I think I maybe finished 1/3 of it, and I'm no wimpy eater.. . My husband had their famed chicken and waffles, and will attest that they live up to their reputation!!
Hash House a Go Go (on W Sahara) has been a go-to favorite restaurant of mine since I moved to Las Vegas. They have all of the right ingredients for an amazing dining experience: great food, great service and great beer.. . Their food quality is top-notch. I was once told by a server that there are no heat lamps, microwaves or freezers in their kitchens. I don't know if that's actually true but the food always feels "real". And, the portions are massive and beautifully plated!. . Best of all, they have one of my favorite beers on tap; Stone IPA. Keep it up, Hash House. I'm a big fan.
This food is amazing!  The portions are huge, so it's best to split a meal with someone else.
Amazing food! Great service! This place is a must visit! The meatloaf pasta is GREAT! Hearty portions are a plus! I will be going back to here and often!
Really like both locations in town and seems like the only place to get a pork tenderloin sandwich here anymore
good food and good portions. try the watermelon kiwi lemonade, and get the Benedict!
Best. French toast. Ever. It's big, it's thick, and it's topped with banana-cinnamon-pecan-maple-creamy goodness. It was so delicious paired with their crispy, smoked bacon. I can't say enough about it. It was one of the best breakfasts I ever had.
Excellence. . I love coming to hash house, and I am from San Diego, so I usually visit the San Diego hash house a go go. But the Vegas one did not disappoint! The food is amazing, the portions are crazy, the prices are decent , the service and staff are friendly and on there A game, and did I mention the food is amazing?. . Breakfast and Lunch/dinner is all delicious.. I actually came to this one after a massive hangover for my 21st birthday.. Made me feel 1000 times better!. FYI the bell pepper burger is BEYOND THIS WORLD GOOD! . . The only con is the wait can be long, but honestly, it's worth the wait. :)
Great food and big portions!!!  Definitely one place everyone needs to visit when in Vegas.
Amazing! Service was on point, the restaurant was super clean, and the food!!! The food was fresh and amazing! The wait was minimal for our meal to be brought out, as well. Overall an extraordinary experience!
I finally made my way back after coming here in 2009. This was before all the other locations on the strip opened. On my return trip I wanted to come back to the original location in Vegas. I've seriously dreamed about this place. I have raved to friends that Hash House will ruin breakfast at all other places. The husband and I ordered enough for 4, but I really wanted him to try everything.. . Pumpkin Latte - perfect balance of pumpkin flavor.. . Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles - still the absolute best Chicken and Waffles! Chicken breast was perfectly fried and moist. Waffles had bacon strips in them!. . Snickers Pancakes - love that they are the size of a pizza pie! A little disappointed since I loves the mango coconut pancake I had 4 years ago. The husband loves snickers and isn't a fan of coconut, so he picked this one. Good, but a little drier. Pancakes with fruit are the way to go.. . Sausage Hash - tasty with peppers, sausage and goat cheese. Potatoes were yummy too! . . We finished most of the food as this was our pre-trip home lunch stop before heading to the airport for a 6 hour flight. Staff was friendly. I look forward to coming back the next time we are in town. . . *Chicken & Waffles is a MUST!
great food and the portions are large and in charge
Amazing food and drinks, but bring your appetite! I had the BBBLT and LOVED the house salad with cucumber ranch..Amazing dressing.. Im not big on texas toast type bread (which is what my sandwich came with) but there definitely is plenty of bacon and the tomatoes were actually good (not like the typical pithy ones you get in a restaurant!). I was only able to eat half of my sandwich, so for $12, I got two meals :). Also.. Love the iced caramel mocha.. HUGE and that in itself is a meal.... . Good service as well, attentive but not over the top
Best breakfast in Vegas and the long lines prove it. Pancakes are super huge and delicious.  Banana french toast is the bomb... definitely a must go if your close by.
So so so happy to find out they had a location in Vegas! Love your location in San Diego ! There's no breakfast like this place. Huge portions, delicious plates of food and amazing service and ambiance. Everything on the menu is great.
Chicken Benedict is amazing!
excellent place for breakfast.
My favorite joint in Vegas! From the Kiwi-watermelon lemonade to the Sage Fried Chicken (waffles have bacon in them, BACON!), the place is off the hook! A friend of mine visited from NY and she was literally moaning (I was a little embarrassed) while eating! Oh! The Man vs Food Benny and snickers flapjacks are a must too! . Deciding on what to have here is really hard, everything is delicious. The portions are ginormous, I always end up bringing half of my food home. If you try it, I guarantee you won't regret it.
The food was great, huge portions.  We couldn't finish our plates.  The presentation was excellent complete with sage and twigs.  The service was great, Robert P. was very helpful with the menu.  Seeing that Man Vs Food and the New York Times liked the Sage Chicken, I had to give it a try, and it didn't dissapoint.  They also have a great wall of fame at the entrance.
Everything from scratch and very fresh. You cannot go wrong here.... . The French toast and fried chicken with waffles were awesome. We also had the best freshest oj ever. Waitress was great with awesome personality and attentive. Great job folks.
I was in Vegas for the Depeche Mode concert and took 3 friends to this place, they had never been, and I had only been to the one in San Diego. . . It was about a 45 minute wait, but well worth it! We had a brand new waitress and she was excellent, she recommended fresh squeezed orange juice and I think tangerine juice, it was excellent.. . I went with Snickers pancake, very tasty!!! Extremely large portions. Hit she spot.. . My friends got a hash skillet, delicious! Also, a seasonal dish, fabulous. And an egg pancake combo dish, all delicious but could not finish.
Breakfast with a different spin ...delicious. Bloody Mary worth the price. Lived up to the reviews. Definitely coming back.
Great breakfast place! They have a nice selection of comfort-style hashes, scrambles and egg benedicts options, as well as pancakes and waffles. As most Yelpers have said, portions are quite large so make room in your stomach. It's also a popular place so best to go on a weekday or call ahead to ask about the wait.
Yummy and scrumptious fried sage chicken, bacon waffles with maple syrup, and crispy leeks are worth every dollar! Portions are huge! Enough to feed two people. Excellent customer service! Love the ambiance! Come early for breakfast. This restaurant gets packed!
The comes out large, be ready eat, eat and eat. One great thing is, the good is amazingly delicious. Had the biscuits and gravy. WOW! That was good. This is a must eat. . . One of other who company me ordered the Grill French Toast. I took a small bite and there are no words to explain how good it tasted.
The food at Hash House A Go Go is fantastic and we love their menu! Give them a try today!
My favorite chicken and [bacon-stuffed] waffles that you should get an award for being able to finish in one sitting. Also love the meatloaf sandwich, the pot pie (it's boiling pot-sized) the ridiculous eggs benedict. Caveat: I can't believe any of the meals here are under 3,000 calories.
First time visiting this place in Vegas.  Food was AMAZING and the portions were enormous!  Would visit again any time I am in Las Vegas.
Only bad thing I can say about this place is the damage it does to my weight loss goal.  The food is absolutely fantastic.....
Amazing! Great Food! Great service!  party of 9 and service was Awsome.  Will Return before we leave town!
Great place I brought my wife here for Mother's Day and it was great calm and relaxing. They have a deal if you order a alcoholic drink they will give you a nice glass. I will recommend this place to everyone I know and the prices are great
Went on Thanksgiving day for lunch,eventhough we waited for hour,but the food is so worth the wait.all the tray are amazingly big and delicious.
The atmosphere, the food, the service - everything was perfect for a breakfast in Las Vegas!  Just make sure you are hungry!. . I recommend the Sausage Pot Pie - Yumm! The twist: It's served with mashed potatoes!
It's a bit of a drive from the Vegas strip, but it's totally worth it. The food is good, the wait staff is friendly, it's clean, and... the food is good. Not many people talk about this place when they talk about Vegas, but they should. The food is a very different take on typical things, and it's served just as interestingly, and in MASSIVE amounts. We were sluggish for hours afterwards, but had absolutely no regrets.
Incredible chicken and waffles: I wasn't let down by the hype. We also loved the watermelon lemonade, smores mocha, and Farmer's Daughter omlette.
The food portions are huge!  We got the Hash House Quesadilla, Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict  and Snickers Flapjacks. We also ordered multiple drinks with take home glasses for only a couple bucks more! The food was amazing service was excellent. The atmosphere of the restraunt is great its nice seeing all of the reviews and awards the restraunt has earned. We go to Vegas once a year and we will be coming back!
I've been to the one on Sahara and at the M casino and both were phenomenal. The Bloody Marys were amazing and so was the food. Portion sizes were a bit large for one sitting but who can complain about leftovers. I cannot say enough about the bread, the sprig of rosemary and the freshly made jam were pleasing to my  senses of sight, smell, and taste .
Love this place but after Sunday morning I REALLY love them.  Not to be gross but my grandson got sick during breakfast-he is 2.  Not a pretty sight.  My daughter went to ask for some towels.  Within a minute a gentleman was at the table with bucket, soapy water, several towels and stacks of napkins.  He insisted on cleaning it even though I told him I would.  He was very concerned about my grandson and had the mess gone very quickly.  Now that is above and beyond in the customer service department!!  Oh, by the way, the food is amazing, too!!
Holy crap!! Huge portions, outstanding quality, fantastic service! Who thinks to put red skinned mashed potatoes, homemade biscuit, sage fried chicken, spinach, applewood smoked bacon, eggs, hollandaise and chili cream sauce together?? This place,....and thank goodness they did,.....original and amazing!!! Soooo worth the 20 minute wait!!! Highly recommended!!! Come to the freestanding location, I hear it's better than the one in the casino. Atmosphere here is fun, a little loud and very friendly :-)
Andy's Sage Fried Chix Benedict & Club Crawl was delish! Portion are huge. Better off sharing! So good. Will def come back!
After several attempts to eat breakfast at the original San Diego Hash House A Go Go, we saw that there was a location in Vegas near where we were staying (Encore at Wynn).. . We drove to the restaurant and were immediately seated.  It is a fairly large, clean restaurant with stainless steel tables.  The service was excellent and our server was friendly and informative.. . We decided on the Blueberry & Pecan flapjack ($7.95 for one 12" fluffy, flapjack) and the eggs, bacon, biscuit, potatoes, & fruit combo ($8.95) to share.. . The flapjack was excellent and one of the best pancakes I've ever had.  It was large, fluffy, light and tasty with all the blueberries.  The server brought me extra syrup when I requested it fairly quickly.. . I did see several people order the Man vs Food - Fried chicken eggs benedict $15.95)!  Check this out - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrwiqFMquHc. . When in Vegas, you must try Hash House a Go Go!  Please see my photos!. . Xie Xie!
amen!!!  . this is now me and my mom's "spot" when she visits.. huge delicious portions.... great service.... located in the center of the strip!. you must try the pancake with the walnuts!  omgawd!!!
Came here for Christmas brunch and the place was PACKED. We basically waited for 1 1/2 hours, just enough time for my stomach to eat itself. For such a popular and busy restaurant, the waiting area should really have more benches to sit at. With that said, the servers were really cool even though they were running around trying to tend to all the tables. They were all dressed in Christmas sweaters and jammies, one guy even topped his mohawk spikes with little Christmas hats. I can't even.. . The Sage Fried Chicken with maple syrup is simply amazing. My mouth is watering just thinking about the crispy skin and juicy meat. Just looking at the Pork Tenderloin Sandwich makes you want to laugh, it's so big (twss). My brothers got burgers and those portions were almost overwhelming. It's nice to get a choice of sides (fries, salad, or mac and cheese). My mom's friend ordered the Ahi Tuna Salad Sandwich. The milk bread was very soft. . . The total meal was under $100 for 6 people! Not something you'd expect in Vegas. Not only that, we had two boxes of leftovers to take back.
Oh gosh this place, you certainly won't go home hungry.  The food here is such comfort food. How can they go wrong when mixing fried chicken, bacon, mashed potatoes, biscuits, eggs, cheese, tomatoes, spinach, and a Chipotle gravy. That's all in one dish. They were busy, but we only had to wait less then 30min. If you come to visit I think everyone should try this place.
great!
