For Christmas I got the frozen hot chocolate mixes so I just made mines at home and they were pretty good. When I went to Vegas there was a 30 minute wait and I wasn't trying to wait that long for a drink so I decided to order my drink to go. I ordered an OREO frozen hot chocolate which I thought was better than the regular frozen hot chocolate just because it was infused with oreo. It gets pretty busy so expect to wait a while!
OMG! The Tex-mex mucho macho salad was freakin' amazing!!! The Alfredo pasta was also amazing, but messy. The staff were super nice. We got a free frozen hot chocolate because the Casper pizza my friend ordered took a few minutes longer than the rest of our food (also very good!). Overall, I highly reccomend this resturant. The prices are decent, the portions sre huge, and everything tastes great!
OMG my tastebuds were amongst the Gods!!! That Frozen Hot Chocolate was created in heaven..I got my wings sippin on this. I'd take the 7 hr roundtrip just to get the Frozen Hot Chocolate. It's funny how the tattoo on my neck says Serendipity...it was truly meant to be!
So far we've only been here once, only tried the Original Frozen Hot Chocolate and their nachos, and I LOVE it! My husband and I came here on a Monday evening.  It wasn't too busy so we got seated quickly. The staff upfront wasn't the warmest, but our server was really good. Never been to the original one in NY but I still love it! We'll be coming back to bring our daughters next time. Definitely a MUST if you are in Vegas and have a sweet tooth. I even bought a couple canisters of the mix to take home and enjoy!
Every dessert is incredibly delicious, fun, and large.  I went with my girlfriends during our Vegas trip and we ordered more than we could possibly eat but it was worth every penny.  You feel like a kid again!  It's fun to sit outside overlooking the strip too.
I have since my first review tried their fried oreo sundae, nachos, summer bries sandwich, and their waffles with bananas, ice cream, and loads of whipped cream that I don't remember the name of. EVERYTHING has been delicious. I don't think I've ever found any dish to NOT be extraordinary, and neither has anyone I've gone with.
This review is for the in house dining only, not the to go.. . This is my favorite place to eat at on the strip.  Great food, excellent service and fun atmosphere.  We were there on a little vacay last week, and ate there twice.  The first time Kevin was our server.  The hostess promptly sat us with no wait, even though there was one, because we are diamond members.  She was super nice and so was Kevin.  They both remembered us when we came back 2 days later, and made a point to come over and ask us about our stay and activites we did.  The second time I think our server's name was Mylin.  She was super nice, and even though she was busy she took good care of us.  In fact we had to rush out to catch our flight, and even though the table next to us asked her to split a check about 38 different ways, she still got us our bill promptly.   The food both times was amazing.  I'm not big on the frozen hot chocolate, but cold stuff isn't my thing.  I did have an AMAZING mochachino.  And the Mac N Cheese is TO DIE FOR.  I'm pretty amused at all the people who docked them points for being expensive.  Um, hello?  this is Vegas, on the Strip, at Ceasars Palace.  These are probably the same people that have no problem shelling out $30 to get into the Night Club du jour, and then pay $15 per drink while there.  Please.  You aren't going to find Denny's prices (or taste, for that matter) on the strip.
Friendly service. Beautiful presentation. Desserts amazing. Fired Oreos on the Oreo shake was delicious but the shake itself was overpowered by the chocolate syrup I couldn't taste the shake at all. Frozen hot chocolate was a little overeated but the fettucini was the best fettucini I've ever had. The Alfredo sauce was really rich and cheesy. Nd its perfect with the sundried tomatoes, broccoli, and garlic bread. I didn't get to try the carrot cake but my friend ordered it and it was Wayy bigger than the small slice of cake I expected. Its the perfext place to go to with a group of girls or a girls birthday outing. Definitely coming back.
Serendipity 3, was such a treat.  On our final day in Las Vegas we stopped here to have lunch before heading over to the Airport.  There was a little wait, but WOW.. it was so worth it.  Our waitress was a doll and I took her recommendation and ordered a burger (this is not something I do often), but OMGoodness the ABC Burger was probably the best burger that I have ever had.  My husband had the Full Monty and it was great as well, we were both pretty full by the end, but we certainly had to save some room for the Frozen Hot Chocolate.  We chose the Oreo flavor and it was so Yummy.  I am so glad we finally made it over to Serendipity 3, we cannot wait for our trip next March to head on over again to Serendipity.. YUM.
One of my fav brunch places!!! Ohhhh if I only lived in Vegas!!. . I see some people complained about the wait time, but when we went there around noon on a weekend the place was barely half full! So plan to get here early for some of the best tasting/looking brunch items! The portions were very reasonable if all you ordered were their entrees, but cmon! Who comes here and NOT try the desserts???!! They. Were. Delicious!!! . . I will definitely stop by again next time I'm in Vegas!
AMAZING! The Frozen Hot Chocolate is TO DIE FOR. AND, it's Oprah's favorite dessert :) I got the egg croissanwhich and it was soooooo good! I will never leave Vegas without going here! The wait was about 30 minutes but it was SOOO worth it
Not sure why other reviewers would rate them so low????  I had the priviledge of going on an early bday trip to Las Vegas from the weekend of March 25-March27/2011 with awesome friends of  mine.  Anyways, this one was my best friend's sister's idea that we must go visit.  She had reserved a table since earlyyyyy morning on Saturday, March/26/2011 in order for us to be seated around 9:45pm, but the table was slightly late for us.....LOL.  The waitresses didn't make the table on time for us.  I'm not complaining because my bff's sister ordered us the Frozen Iced Chocolate drink that was their main specialty for us three to share.....I tried it while having their Serendipity House Coffee with Nutmeg which made it extremelyyyy too strong LOL....I'm still not complaining because this house coffee kept me awake throughout several hours into the nite/morning so that I could enjoy Harrah's hotel where we stayed at some more before checking out time at 11am on Sunday, March/27th....
We have visited multiple times. Love the Mac N cheese, frozen hot chocolate, huevos rancheros, sweet potato fries, hamburger, sundaes etc. We try to visit every time we are in Vegas.
Serendipity left me feeling serendipitous! The frozen hot chocolate is $14 for two and comes in a large sundae bowl with 4 straws. It's not enough though because it is so good! It has a great 'snowy' texture, the chocolate shavings also compliment the vast amount of light whipping cream and it has just the right amount of sweet!  Definitely a must try every time you're in Vegas!. . On the contrary, some friends of mine decided to try a banana split. The regular is big enough for 2-3 people but is personally too sweet. The chocolate fudge and strawberry syrup are overwhelming. Play it safe and order the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!
Oh my gosh.  If you have a sweet tooth, you HAVE to come here!!!. . We came here for lunch on a Monday, and was told it would be a 30-45 minute wait.  It was just under 45 minutes, but it was SO worth it!!. . My friend and I ordered the chili cheese dog w/ the steak fries.  This hot dog was MORE than enough for the two of us!! (See pictures).  My husband ordered the meatball flatbread pizza, and LOVED it.. . For dessert, we ordered something amazing.  Wait for it...it was...a deep fried oreo sundae.  It had fried oreos, ice cream, marshmallow fluff, whipped cream, hot fudge, and 18 levels of amazingness all in one large bowl.  I can't even describe to you how delicious this thing was!!  It will haunt my dreams until I get it again!!  I am not even close to kidding!!. . Our waiter was funny and awesome!  He gave great suggestions and truly seemed to love his job!!
i love the frozen hot chocolate. it is my new favorite thing in this world! =] everything else is good too but the main attraction here is the frozen hot chocolate! yummm!
Cannot go to Vegas without going here! I've been 4 times, gotten 4 different things and have never been disappointed. With each one of those meals has to come a classic frozen hot chocolate. Grilled cheese with tomato soup-can't go wrong. Mac-n-cheese, another good choice. Favorite so far has been the spaghetti and meatballs. I also highly recommend brunch!!!
We went here on a Tuesday night. The wait was minimal. When we were finally seated the server took forever getting our food. Music was SUPER loud especially for a restaurant. We were at a 2 seat table and had to yell to each other.. . The food more than made up for the music and service. We had potato skins which were big and delicious...hubby had a burger. I ordered a Summer Bries (open face turkey sandwhich on raisin pumpernickel w/ cranberry mayo, apples, and briecheese) which was phenomenal! Hands down the best sandwhich I have ever had!. . HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Went here for an early dinner around 5:30p.m. with my husband along with some of our other guy friends.  There was absolutely no waiting when we got there.  The food was good as well as the customer service.  I loved the sweet potato fries.  . For dessert we all got the Frozen Hot Chocolate in different flavors, very yummy.  We will be returning here for our next vacation to vegas in October!
I love this place, my sister in law and I went while we were in Vegas for her birthday. We had a bit of trouble finding it, we didn't realize you could get to it off the strip, or maybe another route?? Either way we probably looked crazy coming from Caesars, edging around the pond and walking through the foliage and mud.. . So we finally find the joint, there was no wait, so we were sat immediately. So my sister in law got some type of sandwich, i can't remember. I got the grilled cheese and tomato soup.. . Now, I am not a fan of the tomato in general, so don't ask why I got the tomato soup, but I don't regret!! That was some of the best soup I have ever consumed, we've spent the past year and a half attempting to duplicate it, but was never able to!! The serving size is pretty big too.. . So lets get to the real why we went to this place, the desserts. We couldn't decide so we asked for a recommendation. Fried Oreo Sundae!!! It was SOOOOOO good, and sooo gluttoness. We probably cracked half of it, after awhile, it just wasn't possible to continue.. . This place was great :) Will definitely return next time I'm in Vegas.
They now have a sunday brunch and the french toast and waffles look amazing. The frozen hot chocolate is one of the yummiest things I have ever had. Love the atmosphere. great service, best desserts in vegas!
Frozen.  Hot.  Chocolate.. . Everyone had been telling me that I HAD to get one of these.. and everyone was right.. that was sooooo good!!  I LOVED it!  It was nice and cool and chocolately.. and just perfection in my mouth..  . . Hubby and I had the size meant for two.. and I think we drank that thing in less than three minutes.. I kinda wish I drank it slower and savored it more.. . . The fam also had lunch there... . Mom and I split the spaghetti with meatballs.. that was pretty good.. I like tangy marinara sauces and this one was perfectly tangy.. and the meatballs were pretty tasty.. . . Dad had a foot-long hotdog.. it wasn't too bad.. I think the bun really made the hot dog.. I liked it.. but I don't think I would have been able to eat a whole thing... . Hubby had the ABC burger.. I didn't taste it.. but I dont' think he was too impressed.. . . Service was great.. everyone was really friendly.. I can't wait to come back to Vegas and get another Frozen Hot Chocolate.. and try one of their sundaes.. mmmm...
1st I would like to say: . "IF YOUR GONA CRY, GO TO CHURCH" . "YOU GOT TO PAY TO PLAY... ITS VEGAS BABY..." . . I hate all these reviews about how its so expensive... id rather go here or here or here... for the amount we spent its not worth it....Your in Vegas everything is gona cost money, go to a cheap buffet if your broke... . . As for Serendipity I loved the place. We started out the the Chicken Nachos, I ordered the One-Eyed Jack and we finished with the Outrageous Banana Split (Coward's Portion). All was awesome. I loved them each. The Nachos were huge and the Sandwich was even bigger and extra tasty the Banana Split was everything you can hope for and the Cowards portion was big enough for my wife and I. Next time I'm in Vegas I will be sure to come back here for more. . . My advice to those who want to try this place is DO NOT GO ON A BUDGET... DON'T CHEAT YOUR SELF TREAT YOUR SELF
It's been awhile since I have had the time to yelp but after such a great experience I thought I should share. I took my nine year old daughter and her 3 girl friends for an afternoon out and we had heard such amazing things about the frozen hot chocolate we had to check it out for ourselves. We got seated pretty quickly,drinks came shortly there after, and then the food began. We ordered a couple of items to share and all looked and tasted great. The staff was very patient with all the girls and even let them try a couple of different variations of the frozen hot chocolate. With all the pink decor, fun retail items ( a couple of which the girls suckered me into buying them) great food and friendly staff I say this is a must pick for a little diva's day out!
One of my most favorite restaurants in Vegas. Went here two times over the weekend for the Frozen Hot Chocolate which is great for the HOT WEATHER. But the food is just as delicious, the Crabcake salad and the grilled cheese were so good.Next time I'm in Vegas, this will be my first stop.
got the Frozzen Hot Chocolate to go.... taste exactly like rich hot chocolate....but cold!! SO GOOD!!!... idk bout the small cup being $10, and the large being $14,....but im a sucker for it now!
This was one of the places most of my friends told me to hit up.. . Frozen hot chocolate was the best drink I had while I was in Vegas.. . . Nuff said.
[Sorry in advance, my review is a tad long...!]. . . . When I first tried this place back in March, I had a VERY good first impression-- the ambiance, the food, and most of all, the service made me leave this restaurant as one happy customer.. . I went at around 5 or 6pm on a Friday night. My two cousins and I were seated the moment we stepped into the place. Our waiter was very friendly and didn't take too long to bring us our drinks and take our order. We ordered the Crab & Artichoke Dip, a High Heel Pump for my cousin and I to share, and a Full Monty for my other cousin.. . Although it did take a while for them to serve us our orders (about 20-25 min), it was all worth it. Our appetizer and our 2 sandwiches arrived at the same time.. . Our order did get a little messed up-- Instead of my cousin and I getting the High Heel Pump, they gave us another Full Monty by mistake. We told the waiter that we received the wrong order. He walked to the cooks and discussed the error with them, came right back to us and said that if we'd like to keep the Full Monty that they made for us, then he would take it out of our tab. :-) DEAL! We said YES with no hesitation. I mean, who WOULDN'T take a free sandwich?!. . The sandwich was flavorful and filling. As I was eating it, I kept telling myself that it was the BEST sandwich I've ever tasted (probably because the thought of it being free made it 10x better). ;-). . The Crab & Artichoke dip was tasty. It was full of crab meat rather than the actual mayo dip mix, which is a plus. Since we couldn't finish it all, we took the rest of the dip back to our hotel-- I had some for breakfast the morning after (with some bread and crackers we kept in the room), and it still tasted good. Next time I go there, I'll probably order this again, but as my meal instead of an appetizer.. . For dessert, we ordered their infamous Frrrozen Hot Chocolate. Before we ordered it, we asked our waiter if it was okay for us to use a Frrrozen Hot Chocolate coupon that we got from PH. He told us that our coupon wouldn't be valid unless we ordered more than a certain amount, but said that he'll try to work it out for us. At this moment, I was very happy with our waiter and his great service (although I wish I remembered his name)!. . The Frrrozen Hot Chocolate was not too sweet and not too thick. It had a light consistency, which didn't make us too full. I would compare it to a soft, smooth chocolate milkshake. . . Once we received our tab, our Frrrozen Hot Chocolate ended up being FREE! Which meant, 2 free orders in one night! HELL YEAH. Our total was around $35. Rare for me to say this, but our waiter definitely deserved that very generous tip we gave him. :-)
The food is actually awesome. For a place that advertises for their infamous frozen hot chocolate, the food is delicious!! I had the chicken Alfredo and it was one of the best that I have ever had anywhere! We went during off season for Vegas, so we did not have to wait long at all to be seated, I believe it was right away!-a plus! Great for kids, date night, or just a break from the alcohol and have some cold hot cocoa! They do have outdoor seating but why would you want to do that if it was super hot! They have a to go window where you can wait outside and order, if they are super busy in the dining room. Give it a go if you are from there or are visiting! I had coupons from when I stayed at Caesar's and it was buy one get on free frozen hot cocoa. Great service, since it was our first time there, I questioned everything, and since I am picky, our waiter was very helpful, which made it all the more pleasant for me!!
Just tickled PINK!!!! I luv Serendipity!!! . We went on a Thursday night, we couldn't get into the restaurant due to a private party renting the place out, so we ordered from the to go window and didn't find out until there that it's a smaller menu :o( but we ordered our treats and sat in the open area, and really the view was great, Eiffel tower the left of me and Roman Palace to the right of me...and how often does one to get see that???? This is one of my fav spots in Vegas!!!
Hubby and I came here for a date night, and he had a cheeseburger with fries, and I had the ABC (avocado, brie, caramelized onions) burger with a frozen hot chocolate (it was so yummy). Then I ate there again with my parents and daughter.  I had the crab cake salad and my daughter had the kobe burger sliders and chocolate milkshake, and again the food was so delicious.  They even served us cheesecake pops dipped in chocolate, and they were so sweet and delish!
OMG the Fried Oreo Sunday was BOMB !!!
Easily one of the best places I've ever eaten at. Period. My bf couldn't shut up about going to this place ever since we decided to go to Vegas a couple months back...and lemme tell you it was worth the buildup and then some.. . This place had everything you could want. The quality and freshness of the food were great, the portions were huge and the setting of the restaurant was great;right on the strip outside of Caesar's palace which made for excellent people watching. . . The food prices are a value because they match the quality and quantity of what th get, not to mention that the service was impeccable. It was 102 outside and our waitress was nice enough to give us our beverages to go.. . The frozen hot chocolate is a must try for everyone. It was one of the best desserts I've ever had. . . Easily a solid 5 stars and if I could give it a six I would.
I read about this place on about.com and various Yelp reviews were raving about the Frozen Hot Chocolate. I have to admit they were all correct. The "chocolate shake" as we called it was so damn good. Double Chocolate for the win. Also the Fried Oreo sundae was very good. The Oreos were still hot when it hit our table and while I will have to definitely work this meal off in the near future it was well worth it.
This review is ONLY for the frozen hot chocolate. . . If my other reviews didn't say it already, I'll say it again.. I have a HUGE sweet tooth. So this drink is perfect for me. . . We usually order one and split it. I feel like it's one of those drinks you have to get only a little bit of or else you're going to think you spent too much money or start finding flaws with its taste since your stomach is telling you "NO MORE!" . . I have to admit, it is a little on the pricey side.. but since it's not like I go to Las Vegas or NYC often, I don't mind splurging a little to satisfy my sweet tooth (in my case, TEETH). . . Whenever I went, I never really had to worry about the wait since I order at the booth or the bar (be sure to bring your ID, they don't let you wait at the bar unless you are 21+). . And one time.. my friend and I got a drink for free from the guy who worked there (since the woman in front of us accidentally ordered three when she only wanted two!)... THANK YOU AGAIN nice serendipity guy!!!
Loved the dessert, wish we had dinner - the food looked amazingly good.  We'll have to check it out again for food before we leave.  Definitely a must to have food/dessert at Serendipity 3.  This location is much better than the one in NY - that place was a dive even though the food was good.
Serendipity is famous for its desserts, and rightly so! . . You can not come here and not indulge your sweet tooth. They have sundaes made to be shared, and I doubt any one could eat one without some help! . . I had the red velvet sundae and it was absolutely scrumptious. The cake fell apart easily, the fudge and chocolate chips on top were worth it. . . The restaurant itself is super cute; it's got this pink, shabby chic theme going on. There is plenty of seating in and out doors. The staff is super polite and sweet as well. . . This is definitely a must in Vegas!
The wait here can take awhile but the tuna taco with mango salsa appetizers is amazinnngggggggggggggggggggggggg! A must try! I can do without the frozen hot chocolate .
Stood in line 45 mins to try the Frozen Hot Chocolate and it was so worth it and the Footlong Hot Dog was a added bonus. So Good.
I loved the high heel pump! We met the GM Jerri, and no wonder this place is so great! Our bartender was the best, didn't catch her name, but if you see a tall blonde behind the bar then sit and have one of the best cocktails made on the strip! Last time we were here we sat at the bar and Raul was our bartender, what an entertainer! Being a local definitely has its perks...
this place completely brought the sweet-tooth, hyper kid out of me as I was spooning the sundaes in my mouth as fast as I can while bouncing out of my chair because I was so excited and loving it a bit too too much. And of course...what did I get for over-indulging on so much icy sweets? Brain freeze and a tummy ache :(. . Their frozen hot chocolate did not let me down...indeed it was spectacular. The other sundaes were also good but beware...DO NOT attempt to try everything all at once. (see above). . I saw many people ordered the chicken-n-waffle and it looked really yummy. Will definitely try it next time.
Love the traditional frozen hot chocolate, didn't love the other types like the one with oreo (couldn't taste it at all and just felt like sand grains in my frozen drink cause the oreo was pulverized to a powder.  Food good!  Love the sweet potato fries and got to have the steak sandwich - its huge with 3 eggs on top - so you might want to share!
I have been trying to eat here since my first Vegas trip 2 years ago when I turned 21. I've heard nothing but good things. I was finally able to eat here. I came for breakfast at around 11:30 on a Thursday and there was no wait for outdoor seating. Perfect! I ordered the breakfast quesadilla which was wonderful. What I really came for was the world famous frozen hot chocolate. I'm not usually a fan of chocolate but I had to try this. Um, I died. It was delicious!!!! So worth the $10. The service was beyond. Our waiter was so nice and helpful. All in all, it was a great first experience. Definitely coming back on all my Vegas trips!
FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE?! Never heard of such a concoction! Is it any good?!? Why.. Yes. YES IT IS! IT'S FANTASTIC!!! IT'S A MUST-HAVE drink right outside of Caesars Palace that will surely chill you down on a hot day in Vegas. It's a nice little place with plenty of outdoor seating. There's an option of ordering outside or going inside to sit down and eat. My girlfriend and I ordered from the window and we just got the FHC. Haven't tried the food yet, but we've heard that the food isn't all that great. Having a HOT DAY? Go get a Frozen Hot Chocolate!! :)
I looovveeeeddd this place!!!! My boyfriend and I went here on a Sunday night, so we had no wait... Our waitress was really friendly and the service was fast. We ordered one mixed drink, artichokes for appetizers and I had the fettucini while my boyfriend had the crab sandwich. We were definitely happy with EVERYTHING! The drink was delicious, and all the food was wonderful... Oh, and we also had the famous frozen hot chocolate that did not disappoint! We are definitely going back here when we visit Vegas again!
First of all, the name of this place is SERENDIPITY 3. There are only 3 serendipity locations in the world..2 in NY and 1 in vegas so expect this place to be busy. Summer in vegas is super hot, the bf and I went here while waiting to meet up with our friends. They have plenty of tables inside and outside. If you don't want to wait for a table then do yourself a favor and sit at the bar. Since we were only there so I can try the frozen hot chocolate, we didn't mind sitting at the bar.  I ordered the classic frozen hot chocolate and the bf had the oreo frozen hot chocolate. All I can say was mine was better!... Soo yummy! it's like having an icy milkshake and u can kinda chew chocolate sugar crystals ( thats the best i can describe it). I WANNA GO BACK TO VEGAS TO HAVE THIS AGAIN! LOL.. They also have a to go window outside.. . TRY THIS PLACE AND U WON'T REGRET IT. if  you're going to order a regular size of the frozen hot chocolate, get one for u and u only..cuz trust me...U WILL FINISH IT AND WOULDN'T WANT TO SHARE IT. . . They also have a big food menu and other desserts.
It may be a little bit of a wait but the Frozen Hot Chocolate is worth it. I also saw a huge hot dog almost the size of the table that looked interesting. A must see when you visit Vegas. The decor alone is charming and whimsical.
I recommend the Ahi tuna salad!!!! everything about it is outstanding!. seared perfectly, and the greens are fresh! the dressing is absolutely incredibly fabulously flavorful!. . I also had the berry mojito (im not sure what the real name is) and had a mimosa both very tasty.. . the best thing was of course the dessert! THE FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE is like a celestial beam of light. I'd recommend the origional but im sure they are al fab.
I enjoyed the strawberry frozen hot chocolate..and the espresso has a nice amount of espresso beans!!!'
Been here four times, no problems @ each visit. Service was decent and food was great! Frozen hot chocolate was no doubt awesome, even the sweet potato fries!
I was there for my birthday and Leo(our waiter) was awesome. He's funny and he take good care of us. The food was great. The dessert was mouthwatering... you definetly need to eat there..
Walked in.... . Ordered a deep fried oreo.... . Ate it.... . BOOM!!!
There Mojito drinks are amazing! For food, I had there Foot Long Hot Dog, YUMMMMM!
so it's ridiculously famous and trendy and "cool" and hip. but again, aren't we in vegas?. . we had to try the signature milkshake and it did not disappoint. it was so rich and creamy. i thought i was the only one who could make my wife tremble, but this shake almost replaced me. . . instead of taking table service, we just went to the "to-go" window and there was hardly a wait. the previous day, the line seemed a mile long at the window. . . it was pricey....something like 10 bucks, but it lived up to the reputation.
one of my favorites in Vegas.. . Frozen Hot Chocolate is a must. Blueberry Peach Mojito (it has real blueberries!!!). Chicken Tenders. Sweet Potato Fries. Mac N Cheese. . do it!!!!!!
I've worked at Caesars Palace for 18 months but I am not biased.  Let me just set the record straight.  I had ABSOLUTELY NO, ZERO, ZIP, NADA interest in eating here due to my total reliance upon my fellow Yelpers POV...until my Boss, who is a Foodie, invited me to have lunch with him.  . . Honestly, when he asked, I had thoughts of Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill, Bradley Ogden, or even the Munch Bar, but he said "Trip S".  Out of respect for those readers with more conservative morals, I will refrain from what truly emanated from my under my breath, but let's just say I would not normally use this kind of language but sometimes the autonomic response elicits more idiomatic expressions you would typically follow up with an immediate "Sorry!". . Okay, with that loquacious preamble let me speak to the BEST !$#@%!$^%$# thing I've ate so far in 2011!!!  Whoa man!  I ordered the Las Vegas Strip Sandwich (pics 9 and 11).  10 ounces of prime medium rare NY Strip beef on a toasted French roll around 18 inches long; slathered with garlic butter, covered with three over easy eggs and six crisscrossed thick cut smoky, sweet, salty, crispy bacon.  BACON!!! . . Let's back up minute.  When we arrived at "Trip S" it was packed. The very nice hostess with the great smile sat us at the one of the two available seats.  Our Server, another lady with an easy manner and great smile, got us drinks immediately...well, within 2 minutes anyway and she followed up with us a few minutes later to let us know that our food was coming eminently.  I noticed other guests were signaling for her attention and she seemed to have a very good awareness of her area and appeared to notice the polite hand waving in her periphery without losing connection with us.  Once she was done with us, she moved on to the neighboring guests, flashed her award winning great smile and they were putty in her hands.  Actually, she had me at "Hello".. . The food arrives!!!  First my Boss's Ruben arrives.  I love a good Ruben and when I saw his, I thought I should have ordered one, but didn't want to make anyone uncomfortable.  You know what I mean...next, my Las Vegas Strip Sandwich arrives and WHOA MAN, I am so glad I didn't get the Ruben now...next visit.   This is a hefty piece of carnivores delight.   If I were at home I would have thrown it on a plate, plop down on the couch, put on some football and gone to town, but being in coat and tie and in public that whole egg yolk dribbling down the chin would not fly so I did the right thing and cut it into thirds.  About a pound each I swear to goodness.  I took the first bite...how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways...It was almost as good a lingering first kiss.  Hot, salty, crunchy, savory, smoky, my ...WAIT! BACK THE TRUCK UP!!!!...that is not a good example of a great lingering first kiss, but just work with me.  The synchronization of flavors, textures, body responses, was almost overwhelming.  Yes, I was totally satisfied.  . . Please note that this sandwich is not for the faint of heart.  You need to get your grub on to finish it but alas, that how I roll.  It's just one of those things you want to continue masticating until it's no more no matter how full the hypothalamus screams. . . Bon appetite!
Wow, I just gotta say, WHO THE HELL COMES HERE FOR THE FOOD? Really now! You come here, you get the frozen hot chocolate (which is its specialty) and you enjoy it. THE END. . You like chocolate? You'll like this
"Seize the moment.  Remember all those women on the Titanic who waved off the dessert cart."  ~Erma Bombeck. . Haha I love that quote! : ) Well here's my review of Serendipity 3. I think you're going to like reading it! : ) I had as much fun writing it as I did eating here. : ) Enjoy : ) Henry. . . THE FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!. .      It was SO GREAT I'm just going to list my top ten ways I'd describe it to a friend. Here goes, they are the following: . . 1. Greek God Worthy. 2. HolyHotChocolateBatman. 3. The Facebook of Desserts. 4. Nothing On Earth Like It on Earth. 5. #Dessert Hashtag Warranted. 6. A Get out of Diet Jail Free Card. 7. Yummy in My Tummy. 8. A Full Body Massage in a Cup. 9. 112 Points on Words With Friends. 10. 14 out 10 people will like this, trust me. . You're going to love it as much as I did for sure! Let me know what you think! :D. . . THE FRIED OREO SUNDAE!. .      If you come in with at least 1 person with you, you have to order something like this. Just from a standpoint of picture taking and memories, it's an unforgettable moment that you will remember forever. It's a priceless food fun photo opp, followed by an EPIC journey for sure for any DESSERT LOVER! It was soooo much fun to attempt to make it through as much of the bowl as I could. Deep breathing techniques and stretching in my chair was not enough to overpower and complete this Colossal Sundae... As I stared it square in the face I decided my best bet about half waythrough was to finish off the FRIED OREOS! YES They are so delicious and if you haven't had them, then you need to order this one just to try em! They are that GREAT! . . . ENTREE - CRAB CAKE SALAD. .      I was soooooo impressed by how great the food was here! I ordered a CRAB CAKE SALAD which I can say with certainty was one of the BEST CRAB CAKES in Vegas. Bar none. It looked perfect (check out my picture of it in their photos) ... it tasted perfect! and it was surrounded by a fantastic salad made up of an awesome blend of greens tossed with a light and delicious dressing. . . . ENTREE -         was "BEST OF MY LIFE". .      I also have to quote one more plate I had here, and it's something I thought i'd never be stating a had a "BEST OF MY LIFE" of ... because it's something I've had, and you reading this, have probably had a million times in your life. CHICKEN FINGERS! I swear to you that I was challenged they would be some of the best I'd ever eaten... Well let me tell you if you just wanted to try a food that someone has truly mastered, I mean really, cannot get any better then they were, then order these. (You'll see a picture of them as well I posted in their photos). The breading is absolutely the precise amount, somewhere between Southern Fried thickness and Tempura style crispness. And furthermore, they are so tender you will wonder what in the world they do to them to get them this way... If you're a meat eater, think "kobe" tenders, that's what these are. : ) They are truly done that well! A test of all the willpower you have in your entire body would be to order these and just eat 1. Have fun and definitely try them when you go! : ) . . . My Final Thought... .      Totally have fun and enjoy this restaurant! It's a great time, the people there are so friendly, and the experience you'll have there is one you'll never forget, no matter how many times you visit back. :D  . . Enjoy, . Henry : ) . . . . P.S.. . "If you're ever caught not listening to someone and called out for it, just respond by saying, "Chocolate"... at that point everything they were talking about becomes irrelevant and you've just surreptitiously avoided all confrontation that could have occurred." ~Henry
Our server was on it, the frozen hot chocolate was delish as was the crab dip! Don't think I'd eat a full meal at Serendipity's but it was the perfect midday snack.
Serendipity 3 is definitely a unique place to dine in Las Vegas, mainly due to its ambiance and decor. Quite funky & wacky, but not in an uncomfortably weird way...more like up-beat & humorous. Their food does little to disappoint.... their macaroni & cheese for instance is full of cheddar gooey awesomeness, can't fail with a burger, my friends said their grilled cheese is one of a kind. I didn't bother trying their frozen hot chocolate b/c I've heard its overrated, but to be honest, we were so stuffed from all the delicious appetizers and main courses that we didn't have room for dessert. I regret not trying their fried oreo sundae (which is hidden from the menu), but definitely won't miss it next time I'm in Sin City.
This place is incredible! Make sure to make reservations first though. And beware the food here is enough to feed four people. You must try the frozen hot chocolate. It's to die for!!!!
First time at Serendipity and I would have to give a 2 thumbs up. We had to wait for 30 minuets, but it was definitely worth it.. Our server named was Leo. He was very sweet and took great care of us. It was our last couple of hours in Vegas and we made the best out of it. Every single entree We ordered was simply spectacular!. I got the fettucini, my cousin ordered ft long hot dog, and my friend got the summer breeze sandwich which was all tasty! We also got a couple desserts and the ice cream sandwich was SO irresistible!! Thank you Leo and thank you serendipity!!
Frozen hot chocolate, grilled cheese sandwiches, goldfishes swimming in my tomato soup, creamy mac and cheese, and one of the best chili I have tried.  Can't you tell I like this place.  My Las Vegas to go to place!
I visited the original Serendipity in NYC years ago and instantly became a fan after trying their famous frozen hot chocolate. So, on a recent trip to Vegas my husband and I decided to have breakfast here. WOW! What a great decision. I had the saints n sinners french toast log and my husband ordered the New York strip steak breakfast sandwich. Once we placed our order, our food arrived quickly and we dug right in. Both dishes were delicious and HUGE!  The savory side of the french toast was my favorite but the sweet side was good as well. I must say that the steak sandwich was the best breakfast sandwich I've ever tasted, so I was happy to oblige when my husband suggested we share. By the end of our meal we were both stuffed, satisfied and ready for the rest of our day. We will definitely be visiting Serendipity 3 next time we are in Vegas.
The frozen hot chololate is AMAZING as is! The Hangover omelet has fries, bacon, mushrooms and cheese inside and comes with steak fries or sweet potato fries, also very good. The only recommendation i would make is to make a reservation if you know that you are going to go eat there, if not it is about a 30 minute wait.
Frozen hot chocolate is the best.
This restaurant was a great place to stop and have lunch during my Vegas vacation.. . Depending on the day you go and the number in your party, the wait time will be pretty long. It's a popular place! The atmosphere is just lovely! The decorations and settings are somewhat girly, but nice. There is also a bar with a TV for people who want to just get something at the bar. If you don't like loud music, you probably wouldn't like this place.. . I had the triple-decker grilled with tomato soup and it was DELICIOUS! We finished off with a frozen hot chocolate...again DELICIOUS! I was a little disappointed that we paid a dollar extra for Reese's toppings, but it came out with two small Reese's cups on it. Oh well...
Always thought this place was overrated, but I finally decided to give this place a try and I wish I came here earlier! I was pushed to go here during my last Vegas trip because the hotel I was staying at gave me a coupon, "buy one entree, get a frozen hot chocolate for free." I definitely used that opportunity to its advantage since I always heard this place was a bit pricey!. . Little did I know though, that the portions are HUGE for such prices! I'm so glad my boyfriend looked around at other tables and their food, because we definitely ordered smart after his observation. We got the breakfast log (french toast, bacon, egg, berries, and potatoes) and of course, our free frozen hot chocolate.. . It was scrump-dee-li-ump-cious!  The potatoes were really, really good. And the bacon was cooked just right. French toast wasn't too sweet too... well, all-in-all, everything was made to perfection. It was definitely a topping to our morning, especially after a night of partying and little sleep. Made my tummy happy, that's for sure.. . And let me tell you about the frozen hot chocolate! It's THE BEST. Imagine, the taste of hot chocolate, but in cold slush with whipped cream and chocolate shavings on top. Mmmm. I'd definitely pay the $11 it costs next time I come around! Totally worth it.
After 3 long years living in Vegas, I finally decided to try the place out with a visiting high school friend and her friend. The moment we entered, we knew we couldn't expect any less of the place. Everything, from the table lamps to the walls to the paintings, was so cute! I think I may have spotted a number of teddy bears by the cashier! Good music especially after our not-so-fun experience at XS the night before (we aren't really techo house music fans) It was late morning when we got there and a lot of places were transitioning to their lunch menus already. Thank God this place serves omelettes the whole day and there weren't any lines so we waited about 5 minutes tops for a table, warmed comfortably by a fire lamp.. . As we got seated by a soft spoken waitress, we skimmed through the menu and for a second, thought about leaving because the items seemed pretty pricey. My friend and I ended up ordering the hangover omelette anyway and to my surprise, the portion was huge! We even joked about how it was bigger than my head. Our fascination only continued when we found that the eggs didn't only have a side of fries, they were also stuffed with potatoes and chesse! Halfway through it, we were so stuffed that we didn't get a chance to try the frozen hot chocolate. Nonetheless, this is a place worth checking out.
OMG I came here for breakfast on a Sunday morning can I just say YUM!!! I intended on eating something breakfasty but the menu had so much to offer and I was so undecided until I saw the dessert part of the menu.  I ended up with a mimosa and the Creme De La Cream Cheesecake which was HEAVEN!!!! So I guess the mimosa was the breafasty thing.  I asked the waitress, who by the way was the coolest nicest person I met on my whole trip to Vegas, if the cheesecake was a NY cheesecake she replied "Yes, and its life changing!"  LOL that was all I had to hear I was all over it. This cheesecake was HUGE and was NY cheesecake at its best. I even had two people come over to my table to ask what it was.  Very creamy not too sweet had a nut crust instead of the typical graham cracker.  No way can one person eat it.  I ended up taking the rest to my room and had leftovers that night and in the morning and shared it.  The restaurant has great seating that looks right over the strip and we lucked out and got a perfect seat that was right on the edge.  There are also lounge type areas with heaters and is a really nice place to hang out.  All the dishes are large and the variety of the menu has something for everyone.  Come to eat or just for dessert either way you wont be disappointed.  They also have a walk up window in the back if you don't want for a seat you can order to go stuff there.  Come and check them out if you are in the area.
Finally made it to Serendipity LV (for breakfast) and was very impressed. From the strip view, the eye candy begins.Didn't mind the short wait. Got a chance to absorb the ambiance and enjoy a bloody mary at the bar. Haven't seen it made w saracha... it was delish! Got seating outside, perfect view of the strip. Ordered the crab cake eggs benedict. I order crabcakes (only if lump crab) everywhere!... theirs ranks #2 on my list. (#1 crab cakes... undeniably, Gulf Stream, Newport Beach ) Real lump, little to no bread crumbs. Superb! Eggs on the benedict perfectly cooked. A+ and def bringing friends back to try. Also order the banana cream waffles to complete the sweet and savory combo. Topped w berries was a good touch. Excellent but wish I ordered something like a crepe instead. Not sure if there's crepes on the menu. Too full to get the ever so raved about frozen hot coco... next time ;)
Everytime i comes to VEGAS i come here. SO IN Love with their Frozen Hot CHOCOLATE and their FOOT LONG DOG....price is a little pricy but lol its VEGAS..what do u expect
A good place to eat by in the heart of the strip of Las Vegas. The place had a casual- kicked back diner atmosphere. Our server was really nice and helped us pick our food from the menu (there were an array of mouth watering foods to choose from) The food is just worth your $$! Just the appetizer alone was enough to fill our starving tummies! The entree was great but the dessert is where the money is at!! will definitely come back here to eat.
Was here on a Friday the 17th of February and it was a really good outing. I had the Cookie Sundae and I have zero complaints about it at all. Would recommend and come back again
So my boyfriend and I decided to try this place on Saturday and we are glad we did! We had to wait for about 20 minutes to be seated, but it made sense. Saturday night in Vegas, what good restaurant wouldn't be packed at 7pm? Once seated my boyfriend and I decided to order from their monster meal deal menu. Basically, they have a list of appetizers and entrees that you can choose from for $20. He ordered the spaghetti and kobe beef sliders for both of us. When the food came out, we noticed that only one order was brought out. The waiter had misunderstood and thought we wanted one order to share. Even though it was our fault, he gave us a free frozen hot chocolate for two for having to wait!!. . - The Kobe Beef Sliders were deeelicious. The sauce that they have inside of the sliders and on the place is perfect. It added the right amount of flavor to an already flavorful patty.. . - The spaghetti was very flavorful. The monster meatballs were a PERFECT combination of veal, pork, and beef (the meat lover's dream!). They were extremely flavorful. The noodles were thicker than most spaghetti noodles, but cooked perfectly making the dish very filling.. . - The frozen hot chocolate is definitely a must try. The frozen chocolatey goodness was topped with whipped cream and chocolate shavings. We ate/drank the whole thing!. . - The root beer! The root beer was different from most root beers I've had at restaurants. It was very soft and had a slight creamy taste to it. It was very good.. . I would definitely come back here again to eat, but I would make a reservation next time I plan on doing so.
Ahhh the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate debate rages on with all these reviews. Can't read 1450 reviews, but i have never encountered a breakfast dish as tasty and unusual as the Frrrrrozen Hot Chocolate....wait for it......French Toast. It was actually triple stacked and the bread must have been dipped in the stuff and grilled which killed the grainy flavor that is found in the drink (I tried a shot of the stuff which was included in my Restaurant week 3 course breakfast). Ok back to this breakfast masterpiece which was topped with some chocolate syrup, whipped cream, a load of fresh strawberries and the pista resistance - whole pistachio nuts. I sent a photo of this thing to people and some thought it looked like a giant hamburger. You barely will need the maple syrup and this is just clearly something you can't find anywhere else. For rest. week, it was packaged with an outstanding triple berry smoothie ($6 normally) and then the third couse was mini-chocolate chip cookies filled with cookie dough ice cream (solid). Tourists don't care what they pay for food, but this is worthy for a locals investment also and the calories are worth skipping a few meals after (i finally had another snack 10 hours later is how full I was!). Outside dining is the way too go and service was friendly as well.
Valet at Ceasars Palace and a short walk will get you to Serendipity 3.  20 minutes wait time for our party of 5 and well worth it! We ordered 3 things to share: The New York Steak sandwich with cheese and over easy egg between 2 long (i'd say at least 1 foot) loaves of garlic bread, the crab cakes, and the original frozen hot chocolate.  The place is not as quaint and intimate as NYC's restaurant. Merchandise available was different than the Las Vegas store.  We bought some dry powdered hot chocolate for $5.95 each great fit for packing in your luggage.
We recently went on a work trip to Vegas and stayed at Caesars Palace. We had the afternoon free so we decided to check out Serendipity 3. We had to wait 45 minutes for a table of 4 but it was well worth the wait. Our waited Leo was awesome!! His great service elevated our experience! We had yummy frozen hot chocolate, huge burgers, and then finished the meal with a surprise GIANT doughnut that our waiter presented us with. It was delish! I highly recommend this restaurant!
if only i could consume chocolate id be in heaven.  the thai beef salad is to die for. the hot tea is amazingly good.  wish they had booths in the joint. always very crowded. waited almost an hour and a half to get in..... worth the wait!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! I cannot believe that it only has 3 stars at this point in time. When my girlfriends and I were in Vegas in August, we went to this place 3 times within the week period we were there. . . The atmosphere is whimsical, cute and fun! The food was delicious....in fact, the best food I had in Vegas (even compared to many of the pricey restaurants). The service was also the best I had in Vegas.. . Everything here is delicious, from the entrees to the amazing desserts. While there, I had the Caesar Salad, and tried some of my friends' sandwiches and steak. All of the entrees were AMAZING! The Double Frrrozen Hot Chocolate is delish, and so refreshing on a hot day in Vegas! I also loved every single sundae we had.. . This place is all around, THE BEST place in Vegas for atmosphere, service, and food! Check it out and enjoy the great views and wonderful food!
A little pricey for breakfast but SOOO with it!  You need to go and try the french toast log, it is big enough to split between two people.
I took my parents here for breakfast last week - it was an advanced Mother's day get-together - with the suggestion that we ordered 1 item from the menu and shared it among ourselves - to their dismay. Thing is, my mom was worried we were too hungry to share an order and she wasn't exactly too peachy keen onthe prices stated in their menu. I assured them that the last time I ordered a hangover omelette, only 1/3 of it was eaten and that was a time when I felt like I could eat a horse.. . They gave in and we followed our waitress in awe of the restaurant (yes, I am still fascinated by the decorations and all that pink!) My parents were in the mood for a good breakfast so I opted with the 'Lucky 7's' and boy were they surprised when the order arrived. 2 huge pancakes, 2 frankfurters, an omelette and potato cubes - just enough for 3 people. They were stuffed! . . And again, I didn't get a chance to try out their Frozzen Hot Chocolate (which I heard was one of Oprah's favorite drinks) but I'll make sure to check it out the next time we're planning to drop by - Father's day!
Frozen hot chocolate
Efficient check in system, and didnt wait very long-10mins. Split the steak sandwhich and it was still a lot... Along with tasty sweet potato fries. Sandwhich was amazing and cooked perfect. Service was outstanding, even the cook came out and made certain everything was right. Was hoping to try desert, but couldn't east anything else. Def next time, and will have to augment this review.... But the treats going to other tables looked spectacular
I do not understand why the ratings are so low! I love this place!. . Environment: It's tiny but family friendly. I recommend Reserving a table ahead of time if you want just more than a snack!. . Food: mouth watering! I had the vodka penne and it was delicious! The pasta was cooked perfectly, it wasn't too hard or too soft and it absorbed the sauce that was cooked perfectly as well! Their sweet potato fries that my friend ordered were addicting and my other friend ordered some kind of meat that fell right off the bone! I haven't tried everything on the menu, but from what I've had, I give the food 5 stars!. . desserts: You can't go wrong with their frozen hot chocolate! The guys in my group aren't big on sweets, but they absolutely loved the frozen hot chocolate! I've tried two different ones: The original and the double chocolate and they we're both super good, especially on a hot day!. . Customer service: The host, the waiter and the bar tender all provided great service and checked up on us to make sure our food was great, our glasses were full and that we were having a great time!. . Aside from the long wait for getting seating, getting your order taken and getting your food, I love this place! This is a place that will always be on my list every time I head to Vegas!
Absolutely LOVED it!. The White Chocolate Frozen Hot Chocolate was superb! My Boyfriend had the Peanut Butter Frozen Hot Chocolate and fell in love with it. For the meal, i ordered the Full Monty. . . DELICIOUS! Loved the meal, the waitress, the environment, everything! Definitely a place worth trying!
June 22, 2012 Friday - dessert 8:45 PM. 2 adult and a kid. . Atmosphere - 5 stars. Food - 5 stars. Service - 5 stars. . Background - My fiance has been craving this place.. . Atmosphere - A carnival feel to the place. . . Food.   Appetizer - none today. . .   Main Course - Just here for some dessert.. .   Dessert - Went with the classic frozen hot chocolate.  The ice cubes crushed in the blender where like little crystals and the chocolate powder stuck to them.  It was so good. . Service - We sat at the bar so we got to watch each step of the dessert making process.  It is very simple process to make this dessert.  Our bartender was very friendly and on those free refills of water.. . Future - Maybe a meal next time it looks like a lot of great food on the menu.
Yum yum yum! I had been wanting to try Serendipity since I saw it on a few tv shows. I would definitely suggest going at an off time or be prepared to wait for a while. We came on a Sunday morning around 8:45 and were seated right away. The interior of the restaurant is bright and inviting and servers are friendly. My friend and I split the banana waffles since the portions coming out of the kitchen were pretty big. When the waffles arrived, we received 2 of them which were topped with bananas, whipped cream and chocolate. The whipped cream was thick and creamy and perfectly paired with the crispy waffles. We were more than satisfied after splitting this dish.. . To finish off our breakfast, we knew we had to try Serendipity's famous frozen hot chocolate. We ordered the small and it was delicious. Once again the whipped cream was phenomenal. The frozen hot chocolate was lighter than a milkshake and more comparable to a shushie or slurpee. We devoured all of it. I think we need a Serendipity in Chicago too!
5stars for Frozen Hot Chocolate. Its Worth every penny when you get the Frozen Hot Chocolate! Whipped creamed around chocolatey goodness in a med cup with straws! Ask to be seated outside so you can enjoy the view of the strip. Staff are pretty nice and accommodating. Prices are overwhelming but being based from the movie Serendipity it makes you feel special just eating there.
Fabulous!! I've been wanting to try a Serendipity's Frozzen Hot Chocolate ever since seeing it in the movie Serendipity. It did not disappoint.. . The waitresses were friendly and service was fast. I ordered the original and it was delicious. My friend ordered the mocha or coffee frozen hot chocolate and loved it as well.. . My only gripe about this place is that the souvenirs were expensive. I get that it's Vegas, but $20 for a coffee mug?! Yikes!
I dined in yesterday afternoon with a girlfriend. We shared the spaghetti with meatballs and an original frozen hot chocolate. The spaghetti with meatballs was great. The noodles are actually bucatini noodles. It's like spaghetti, but thicker and has a thin hole in the middle. The meatballs themselves were good. Bread crumb filler was kept to a minimum. The dish came with some toasted bread.. . The frozen hot chocolate was delicious. It was my first time having it. I tried to lower my expectations of it so I wouldn't be disappointed by all the hype. The two of us couldn't finish it.. . Our server, Ryan L. was the best part of our dining experience. He was absolutely charming, very attentive, and so polite. I'll admit it; he made me swoon. If it's not for the food, I'm coming back for that guy.
I was really excited to eat here and I am happy to say that I was not disappointed. The food was delicious, service was great, and the desserts were better than expected. I definitely recommend this place if you are in the area of Caesars!
Food was great, The sweets awesome! A lil expensive but it is worth it for a first time visit and the atmosphere is kewl. Our service was excellent...
i'm not going to tell you this place is amazing, or heaven in my mouth becuz its not like i've had everything on the menu and know for a fact it all is wonderful. . . but from the few things that i was fortunate enough to try here, it sure seems that way.. . prices are very decent for the portion sizes! everything is usually under 20 dollars but is big enough for two people to definitely share. . . i for one love the hangover omelet i think it is. its like 10 dollars about, comes with seasoned potato wedges on the side. it is the best omelet i have ever had! i mean, it comes with french fries INSIDE of it! what??? who does that! GOD does. i am pretty sure God cooks french fries into his omelets. definitely recommend if your an omelet eater.. . the other thing i was completely surprised by was the strawberry waffles...they were so good i want to cry! they come with freshly made whipped cream, strawberries, and syrup(which i didn't even need they were so perfectly sweet already) i mean, i don't even LIKE waffles and i'm telling you to try them. you will not be disappointed unless are the type of person that doesn't like sweet and creamy perfectly combined and sprinkled with unicorn sparkles.....but hey, its not for everyone.. . another good thing, frozen hot chocolate. i've had plain, peanutbutter, and mint chocolate! all have been to die for. i really don't need to say more. just buy it.. . i also had their strawberry banana smoothie which was even better than my favorite smoothie from jamba juice...sorry jamba. it was only the one time i swear!. . best thing about sprinkles was the service! first time i went there, i was really impressed. our food took a little longer to come out than we thought it should but we didn't even say anything about it, our waitress just came over and apologized and when it came time to order the frozen hot chocolates, we were debating between two of them so she brought out both and comped one because of the wait. very nicely done!
wow really awesome place we had a steak sandwich which was hugh enough to share. The dessert looked great could not get any from being so full from our meal. we will be going there for desert next time we are in vegas.
We stopped here before we left vegas. We didn't eat inside because the wait was 2 hours long! We just decided to order at the To-Go window because i really really just wanted the frozen hot chocolate. OMG it was to die for! I crave it like all the time now! I can't wait to go back to get it again. The girl at the window was super nice too. We had a little conversation while I was ordering.
I truly hate walking all the way here through the strip. Same with parking on the strip, but for their one and original treat, it is worth it. Just imagine waiting in line for 30+ minutes during the weekend. Then walking away with the treat in your hand as everyone else in line stares at you. Not directly at you, but what is in your hand, maybe both of your hands... You could even let your significant other hold it, so they feel better about themselves as they stroll along the strip and have dozens of individuals staring in awe.. . The best thing about this place is their frozen hot chocolate. Mother of God, it is an amazing treat!!!
Leo is the best server ever!! Thank you for making our Vegas trip end on a great note! Give him a raise Serendipity 3!!
You're here for the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, right? Why else would you be here? The cold chocolate drink is super delicious. Maybe it's the chocolate richness. Maybe it's the tiny bits of ice. Maybe it's all that creamy sweetness. . . Whatever it is prepare yourself for one of the best treats around!. . Don't bother waiting for a table. You're not here for anything else anyway. Stand in the to go line outside the shop and order the one of a kind $11 frozen hot chocolate.
you musst get the forbidden broadway sundae! totally hit the spot with the yum diddily umptious chocolate cake and ice cream and whipped cream to top it off! i went with 2 girlfriends and they aren't much of a chocolate lover but they really enjoyed it too! i kept wanting to go back and get their dessert but we never had time.. so sad. . . atmosphere: you really feel like you are in alice in wonderland. the cups and straws were oversized and you feel like your at the mad hatter's tea party!
MUST GO TO! The wait time was a little long, but the restaurant is smaller than I expected. . . When I got there, they told me they would text me when a table is ready. So much better than having to wait around. The service is wonderful and the desserts were delish! They give such HUGE portions. . . Next time I go to Vegas, coming back to try their entrees. Pretty good prices too judging by their generous portions. Just be prepared for a long wait time.
We had our Wedding Reception at Serendipity3 on their outside patio and it was a WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE!  Rachael Gabel helped plan our event and she was AMAZING.  Every detail that we could think of, she was able to take of and execute flawlessly!  . . Our guests LOVED the food and how often do you hear that at a reception.  The staff for the event were friendly and quick!  The carving and pasta stations were a huge hit!  Also, the pre-meal sliders were delicious.  Their desserts were so unique (Frozen Hot Chocolate and Cake Pops).  . . The setting was perfect as we had the Las Vegas strip as our background which made our pictures with family and friends look surreal!. . Serendipity3 was the perfect choice for our Wedding Reception (and a couple lunches during our honeymoon)!. . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
The place is hip and young....Went there with my Wife for the first time...wanted to go to the one in NYC but ended up visiting the one in Vegas.... Food is awesome and the ambience is chic...You will end up seeing girls all around the place munching on the deserts and hot chocolate, Wife had the pasta and I had the burger with sweet potatoes fries ........ . A bit on the expensive side but it was well worth it.......
There is nothing that a Frrrozen Hot Chocolate can't cure! NOTHING!!!. . My weekend in Vegas was all a blur. Well, everything except for my glorious dessert. And if the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate was all I could remember, then I know that this vacation was a huge success!!
I went to the one in New York and waited 3 hours to eat their ice cream sundae. Not impressed.. . I went to the one in Vegas and waited 5 min at their take out window for Frozen Hot Chocolate and it was one of the best things I've ever had.. . Go. Although it is $10.
Excellent food (fettucine & high heel sandwich). Good portions (sandwich was huge). Great service. Very happy and joyful server.  Prices are fair for meals. Eat here.
Great food and pretty reasonable prices! Try the deep-fried oreo sundae, so good!
1st, I should say that I have only had the dessert at Serendipity.  I've been to the NYC location countless times and have had dessert at the Vegas location several times.. . My wife loves the frozen hot chocolate... I don't think that I have ever seen her order anything else.. . 10-year old son loves the Fried Oreo sundae, sounds disgusting but actually tastes pretty F'in good when drowned in hot fudge and marshmallow sauce...  I don't think they have this sundae on the menu in NYC so this is likely a "Vegas-Special". . I always try something new and I always like it.  I would guess that every sundae in this place has at least 2000 calories and probably more...  I recently had a hot fudge sundae with a huge slice of carrot cake sitting on top of the sundae, it was guilt inducing but tasty. Don't come here every day while you are on vacation or your clothes might not fit!
Food was amazing! A bit pricer than most places but for the amount of food you get its so worth it! Servings are more than enough for 2! I highyl recommend the Grilled Cheese and Tomatoe Basil soup!!! This place is usually crowded but we didnt wait more than 10 minutes for our table of 6! Staff was helpful with making selections! I cant wait to go back!
What a fun place to eat on the strip! First, the prices are very reasonable compared to the prices of other restaurants on the strip. Second, the portions are HUGE - definitely large enough to share! And third, the quality is amazing! The triple decker grilled cheese was to die for! Chicken strips are delicious! The crab cake sandwich was amazing!!!! Honestly, everything was great. Don't forget to get dessert - they're known for their frozen hot chocolate, which is also great! The cake is phenomenal but is as big as ahouse!!!! Again - you need to share!!! Definitely worth checking it out!
My boyfriend and I came here for lunch on a Monday afternoon and waited for about 45 minutes before being seated. The wait was definitely doable, especially since the hostess takes your phone number and online updates are texted to you informing you how many parties are ahead of you. Once we were seated, our server was quick to take our orders and make us feel welcome. I ordered the LV burger and my boyfriend ordered the ABC burger - both were delicious. Finally, we had our frozen hot chocolate, and this treat alone made the high prices tolerable. This was definitely an awesome experience and is a must-do for people visiting Vegas.
Their frozen hot cholocate is simply amazing!!!
Keeps up to it's namesake in New York City, amazing presentation, great flavor and flair and a courteous staff to boot. If you're going to eat anywhere on the strip, Serendipity 3 is the place to be. Don't forget the Frozen Hot Chocolate, a spin on a classic desert drink!
I have never eaten here before and I must say it was a phenomenial experience!  Carlos was our waiter and he was so great! As a manager of a business I could tell he loved his job! I would highly recommend!!
Food is delicious and the portions are huge! Awesome value for the Las Vegas strip! The bar offers quick seating and fun, fast bartenders, and a creative cocktail menu. Chicken Satay Lettuce Wraps are phenomenal!
LOVE how there's an outdoor ordering window AND an actual sit down restaurant. I've ordered the frozen hot chocolate through the window numerous times and was amaaazing. I also ordered the sliders to go, and they were pretty filling and juicy for being small. . . When I finally came back when I was 21 to sit and eat at the actual restaurant with my girls, we sat in the outside terrace during Spring Break. It felt good to finally sit down and eat somewhere nice and yummy! Luckily we went during the late afternoon, so the wait was only 15 minutes. Usually when I stop by to get frozen hot chocolate at the outdoor window I see a bunch of people waiting outside to be seated. The service was really good, and our waiter was informative with what was popular items on the menu.. . I, of course ordered an omelet and was humongous! Really filling and definitely had to bring it back to the hotel to eat! It's the closest thing to the actual Serendipity that they have in NY, and really lives up to it's name.
All I can say is dessert heaven!  They have the biggest slices of cake an sundaes that you might order one for 2-3 people.  I had the frozen hot chocolate because I saw it on Food Network and it did live up to its reputation.  It was rich, perfect chocolate taste, and heaven.  I have also had their sundae which has creamy ice cream, rich chocolate, nuts and whatever you want.  Their fried Oreos are wonderful!  I would recommend that you gothere at night and sit outside near the street where you can people watch and just enjoy the view.  Very nice place to go on a date.
We made a reservation for 7 girls for brunch on a Saturday. Despite the fact we were running extremely late AND the wait for a table was almost 2 hours, the staff at Serendipity still held our table! I couldn't believe it. We'd be lucky if that happened back home in Atlanta, but I never thought we'd still have a table waiting for us when I saw the crowd of people standing outside.. . Our meal was excellent. Instead of the famous frozen hot chocolate, I opted for a mocha which came piping hot in a giant bowl-of-a-mug topped with whipped cream and chocolate sauce. Then I had the mushroom quiche, which was excellent, and sampled some of the chicken & waffles. The waffles even had bits of bacon baked into 'em. YUMMY! Before we left, I ordered a mimosa to go. At this point I was so happy I didn't mind spending $11 on champagne and OJ. My total bill was about $45 with tax & tip.. . For those of y'all wanting to check out this place, definitely make a reservation. So thank you, Serendipity front-of-house staff. Your kindness went a long way for saving our table. And props to the kitchen for rocking it out on the food.
Not healthy at all but OMG is it good!
Definitely worth the wait!  The crab cakes are the best thing on the menu.  Make a reservation if you know ahead of time when you'll be going.  =) .... otherwise they text you when your tables ready so you don't have to stand around and wait for an hour.
They have ice cream (actually....frozen hot chocolate)...what more do I need to say? We headed here for dessert and it was just perfect. The portion sizes are huge, we split the "small" bananna split and it was still too much for two people. The service was super fun and really good and the atmosphere is very energetic. It was too chilly to sit outside and eat ice cream - but I'm sure sitting on their patio would be awesome. You must visit when in Vegas!
Make reservations, the wait here can get pretty long. . . The sandwiches are delicious! I ordered the corned beef on rye and it was soooooo huge and sooooo worth. Try the pineapple sangrias! Get a pitcher! To yourself! lol but seriously, their sangria are very light, very sweet. . . and ofcourse, the frozen hot chocolate is a must try.
I have been waiting to go to Serendipity for years.  Having an addiction to their Frrrozen Hot Chocolate mix.  And I was not disappointed!!  YUMMILICIOUS!!!!!!  It was so hard to share.
This is a review for the inside restaurant and only the desserts.  . The Frrrozen hot chocolate is their signature dessert and their best I have tried.   The service is great here.   It's a beautiful compliment to the Caesars palace location on the strip.    The banana split is really really good too.   Also if your out with 6 or more friends try the treasure chest.
I gave this restaurant 5 stars because it is well deserved. Every time I go to Las Vegas, for me and my girlfriend, it is a must to eat there. The restaurant not only has a great view of the strip for dining inside and out but a menu that has an amazing variety of food spanning from breakfast, lunch and dinner to a greats selection of desserts and drinks. Every time I have gone the service has always been good and the food better. The portion sizes are also pretty big and you may not be able to finish your meal so make sure you leave room for a frozen hot chocolate and remember to ask for a box to go so you can enjoy your great food one more time before you leave Las Vegas
SHUT THE FRONT DOOR!. I swear I did a review on this place since I went here the FIRST time I was in Vegas, weeeeeiiirrrd. Anyways, this review is LONG overdue.. . Went here with my wifey because I raved about their ever-so-famous Frozen Hot Chocolate. We were in Vegas for 3 days & went here twice. FYI; they text you when your table is ready which I thought was really cool & an option that most restaurants should use.. . The first time we sat inside. I ordered the White House Pizza whicvh is a sauceless white pie with ricotta, mozzerlla and parmasean, topped with fresh basil & truffle oil. (gave up meat for Lent otherwise I would've totally tried out the Smoked Chicken Quesadilla *drools) It was actually more flavorful than I thought it would be. I'd recommend it :). . The second time my friend just wanted to get the Frozen Hot Chocolate to satisfy her craving so we opted for the walk-up window just outside the sit-down restaurant. WARNING: the line is ALWAYS long. But we decided to brave the line & go for it. But just our luck as soon as we're at the front of the line the computer system decides to crash. We stood there for literally 30 mins which wasn't bad because the guy at the front window provided us with a complimentary Frozen Hot Chocolate while we waited. SUPER nice of him :) since I know that the people behind us didn't get the same benefit ;). . The selection of their menu is absolutely crazy! Just the variety as far as the Hot Chocolate goes, HOLY CRAP. If you're an indecisive person, GOOD LUCK GOOD SIR. lol, but really... I could literally go to Vegas 100 more time & not try EVERY, SINGLE thing on their menu. I'm just sayin'
I went here w/my girlfriend before our flight home. We got there early so the wait was only 15min. The decor was very appealing- maybe because the whole building is pink! The waiter was very professional, knew the menu, & never had my water glass empty (I always base my service on restaurants on how well they keep my water full). My girlfriend ordered Fried eggs Benedict & size-zero cocktail drink & she loved it- I got to try the Benedict & it was awesome! I had the all famous steak & eggs sandwich & that was so good! It looked so good that I didn't want to bite into it! It is a New York steak (I ordered it rare) w/bacon & 3 sunny side up eggs all on top of garlic bread. Super good! I would definitely come back here for this! Then, to top off our meals we ordered the frozen hot chocolate- this is a must if you go here!
You HAVE to go to this place if you visit Vegas!!. . I ordered to go because eating inside the restaurant would take too long and my group only came for dessert. I ordered the infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate for $11 and I didnt even know this kind of dessert existed. Haha I thought how can hot chocolate...be frozen? It is a chocolate flavored smoothie and it so sooo goood. I was a fool and split with my friend but I could have easily had it all by myself. It is so sweet, chocolatey, and absolutely heavenly :) You HAVE to get it!!. . **TIPS**. 1) Avoid the wait and just get the frozen hot chocolate to go. You order on the side and you can sit outside. It is a beautiful view of the strip.. 2) Enjoy!
Best service and food. I am local and when friends or family visit us we always take them there.
SUPER DELICIOUS DESSERT! The "Forbidden Broadway Sundae"....OMG! Especially for chocolate lovers but not over the top chocolate overload.
Amazing experience! Fun for the whole family! Make a reservation though to avoid lines and def eat here, no take outs! Loved it, first visit and will be back again for sure! Must try! Staff was excellent and. Place was clean!
I always make it a point to come here when we have time. The wait is usually pretty long, but it's absolutely worth it. I love the food and I love the atmosphere. We love to sit outside by the sidewalk and people watch. The french toast log is literally a LOG and I would eat it everyday if it didn't take me 3 days to eat it (yup, it's still good after 3 days!). The tomato soup isn't anything to write home about, but everything else pretty much is! Very cute.
Everything was perfect. Make reservations. The food and service was amazing
The frozen hot chocolate is amazing! Soooo good since it's 113 outside. I had the breakfast cresentwich and it was delicious, freaking huge, but soooo good. My hunny had the hangover omelette and could only finish half. They're portions are huge. Our waitress Laura was so sweet, always a smile and genuinely happy to be at work. Really helpful and so polite. Great asset to your business. I'll be sure to come back and see her again. Thanks for the best breakfast on our last day in Vegas. See you next time! :)
Love this place.  Of course they are famous for their frozen hot chocolate.. it is amazing. The High heel pump sandwich was very good.. The food is good and a fun place to eat.. I have to go there a few times a year...
Was lucky enough to eat here free bc of vouchers I got from a timeshare that day. Way to treat myself to make up for a rotten afternoon. However, when in Vegas you should try it once! I'd totally have paid for the meal out of pocket.  Tried the nachos, and the amazing chicken strips. The amaretto frozen hot chocolate and the hub had the regular frozen hot chocolate. Amazing! Regretted I didn't try them a few months later in NYC.
I came here twice during my weekend visit in Vegas.  I loved it.  I sat a the bar both times, and the bar tenders are great.  I prefer sitting at the bar because you get your drinks fast (I order the frozen hot chocolate... its so amazing.  its worth every penny)  Yes the price is steep, but I love the food and I love the service I received.  I did wait a long time for my meal but when it came time to devour it, everything seemed to be worth it.  I really like the experience and I will come back every time I go back to Vegas.
"This is the best damn burger I've ever had in my life." - My dad, the frequent burger connoisseur.. . We came to this location back in February, and then again on the 4th of July. Making reservations both times made our trip much more enjoyable, since we didn't have to wait at all for a table (and they had closed to walk-ins on the holiday by the time we got there).. . I've had both sliders and regular burgers at this point. The meat is juicy, the toppings fresh, and the bread soft yet toasty.. . As for the frozen hot chocolate, it's good, but always too rich and too much (is that really a downside though?). I've only had the original flavor, but it's still a fun dessert. With two people, we've never finished the small size.. . Drinks aren't bad. I got a beer that I normally get at home for about $1 more than what I usually pay. They have a variety of speciality shots and cocktails as well.. . For an on-strip place, Serendipity 3 is definitely a cozy getaway from overpriced mediocre food. The prices reflect the quality, and the service is generally good.
The food and service were great!. We loved the Fried Oreo Sundae. Super fun and worth the wait for seating.
So delicious!  Get the frozen hot chocolate
Serendipity in front of Ceasar Palace would be one of my favorite spots to eat at for Dinner if I were a tourist, first time visitor to SinCity!!! Stamp by "MrVegasVip"
Went here for lunch one afternoon and had had the greatest man sandwich...........steak.egg.bacon and cheese on a roll.......find it and order it!!!!!!
Love this place whether in NYC or Vegas. Best time to go is for breakfast if you don't want to wait but if not definitely worth the wait.
I always enjoy a good frozen hot chocolate from Serendipity. Never fails when I have a chance to drive by the strip.
I didn't have the frozen hot chocolate...but the red velvet cake a la mode was delicious!
This place is amazing.... . I ordered the steak sandwich. My wife ordered a burger.  Both dishes were up to par. My steak sandwich was huge, i couldn't finish it. It was EDC weekend when we went so they were extremely busy and the food took a little longer but that was expected.  The server was full of personality and fun, a trait of the restaurant.. . Only issue i had there was they only had outside seating and it was a very hot day.  We were at the patio right by the main strip and i gotta say i was uncomfortable from the heat.  The fans dont blow to that part of the patio so keep that in mind.. . I would recommend this place to my friends
I was not able to try their ice cream sunday! :( What a shame!. . I went here with my husband and my friend. We ordered pasta and burger.. . My advice is, ask the waiter how big your order is. We ordered one of each and was too much for one person. We ended up asking for a to go box.. . Very good food and ncie atmosphere.. People were just happy spending time with each other, taking pictures and eating delicious foods and deserts.. :). . Would definitely come back for a sunday!! For sure!!
gimme all the peanut butter frozen hot chocolates!!! so good and so so so cute!
My friends have always talked about the frozen hot chocoloate at Serendipity in Vegas, but I'm not much of a sweets person so always just thought "meh." However, while in vegas the past couple of visits, my sweet tooth kicked in and I decided to see what the hype was about. . Normally it gets packed late night and the hostess will get your # down on an ipad which will text you when your table is ready. You can always to-go your stuff at the window next door, but my friends have told me the frozen hot chocolate tastes better ordering it in the restaurant.. . Everything seems to be in big portions here & the HUGE menu (literally) is cute.. . Frozen hot chocolate for 2 - For my first visit my bf & I shared this. It was DELICIOUS! I was really mind blown that it wasn't overly sweet. The drink does is supposed to be 17 oz when you order the "for 2 size" the for 1 is 10 oz. I think it's cheaper to order frozen hot choco for 1 b/c the rest of the 5 oz in the for 2 seemed like it was just extra whipped cream. I love the chocolate shavings topped on the drink. It's fun to scoop and sip at the same time. Definite must try! Hard to describe the consistency, but it's icy and not too thick (for those that think it's a milkshake). . Hangover omelette - This is the perfect omelette that sounds delicious when you have a hangover so the name suits the food. Bacon, fries, mushrooms, and cheese inside an omelette yumm. My friend ordered this and it looked really good, I took a bite and it was a great combo of all the ingredients.. . Crab Cake Sandwich - I got this protein style. The nice crab cakes are wrapped in soft butter lettuce. I liked the crab cakes, it wasn't too oily and stuffed with a good amount of crab.The beefsteak tomatoes, bacon, and spinach accompanied the sandwich well. . . Mint frozen hot chocolate - On my recent vegas trip 10/18/13, we decided to order this 'cause I'm a big mint chip ice cream fan. My bf & I agreed this was a lot better than their original frozen hot chocolate and usually he's not a big fan of mint chip. Basically it's their original frozen hot chocolate, but they blend it w/ a scoop of mint ice cream! I guess it sort of tasted like the Andes mint candy. . Make sure you get a total rewards card at one of the casinos (Caesar, PH) so that you can get the total rewards discount pricing on the food & Points! A lot of the reviews here say the service isn't good, but we've always had great friendly service the past couple times we've been here. Food comes out pretty quick. One day I hope I hit the jackpot to try the Golden Opulence Sundae here ($1000 sundae!?). . BTW if it's your first time I suggest you check around what other tables are ordering to see what you'd like. I saw a couple of tables get the can't say no sundae and other sundaes that looked sooo good!!! Will be back to try their other menu items. I swear you can get fat just looking with your eyes
Whenever I visit Vegas I make it a point to come and eat here even if it's just for their infamous FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE. I've been here 4x already on 4 different Vegas trips and I've also been to the original restaurant in New York City last year.. . What I've ordered and loved:. . 1.) The regular frozen hot chocolate--I can literally eat one to myself. 2.) Cedar plant salmon with asparagus (really really recommend this for Salmon lovers like me). 3.) Central Park Omelet (Egg whites with spinach, avocado and Swiss cheese). 4.) The tasty BLT ( My boyfriend loved this). 5.) Crab cake sandwich
This is definitely a place to go whenever you're in Vegas. . . Serendipity 3 is like other places that have embraced technology in their check-in process. The wait for a table is often super long, however they have a great way to notify you when your table is ready. The host takes down you're cell phone number on the store's iPad and you'll get a text when your table is ready. That gives you the flexibility to go around without having to hold one of those (now archaic) pagers.
best ice cream sundaes, milkshakes- and food. so good
We loved the outdoor seating for people watching on the Las Vegas Strip.  Frozen Hot Chocolate is worth the hype...loved it!  Not a very convenient location to get to no matter where you park but that way you can work off some of what you enjoyed here.
I'm local...I've NEVER waited in a line.. I am drooling as I start to write this... this place is a #fav. Great Service.  Great Food.  Cool Trendy Location!  . I always intend to get the frozen hot choc but I end up with a yummy meal that makes me forgo dessert!  LOL
The frozen hot chocolate is a real hype. We also ordered the chocolate french toast. That one was really good for breakfast. . . Quantity is really big here. Little pricey. . . Tip: Go early for breakfast and you dont have to really wait in a line.
