In a city (especially the Strip) loaded with overpriced, overcooked and unremarkable food - the Burger Bar is a fabulous find.. . My husband had the veggie burger with guacamole (and we're guac snobs) and it was delicious.  My salmon burger was perfectly cooked and complimented by their veal-shallot reduction sauce.  You basically build your own burger.  There's alot to choose from, so you may as well utilize the helpful staff so you can have a good experience.  (Asking restaurant staff's opinion is an underrated activity.  It also explains the grumpy reviews on this page.). . With good staff (who rave about the owner/chef, Hubert Keller) and options plentiful, if you don't find something you like at a price that works for you - it's your own fault.. . Eat here now!
After reading the reviews, I had to visit Burger Bar. I ended up going two days in a a row! The burgers were delicious. The meat was of high quality and very thick. I am actually not a fan of burgers but was impressed. The only downside was mediocre service both times I went. However, I will come here for sure next time I am in Vegas :)
Atmosphere 4/5. Service 4/5. . Food 5/5:. Country Natural medium rare with:. Portabello mushroom. Carmelized onion. Onion bun. . --Juiciest and most flavorful burger, in comparison to other highly rated burger joints like: The Counter, Kuma's Corner, Fatburger, Fuddruckers, Five Guys, In and Out.
My new fav in Vegas, I love this restaurant, so Cute and lotsa seating.  The zucchini fries were delish.  Milkshakes were yummy, we had the Nutella.  Beers were great.  We sat in a booth that had a mini t.v. that had the football game going.  The burgers were yummy and there's a huge selection; they cooked the meat perfectly nice and juicy!  Regular fries were great.  I will definitely hit up this place the next time I'm in town!
The Best Burger Ive ever had. The kobe beef is amazing, the reviews speak for itself you wont regret going here. Worth the money.
4.5/5 for me deducting .5 star for our  weak drinks and waiter who was very quick but had zero personality and hated his job/life. So glad I won some money after the lion king show so we could eat here. It was either win some money and eat here or lose my last 50 and have dorritos for dinner and breakfast. It was a bad trip on the gambling front.. . The food was wonderful! We had the onion rings and skinny fries. The fries were good but the onion rings were outstanding. Onion rings are one of my favorite foods and these did not dissapoint. Im wondering why there are not so stellar reviews on them. Trust me there good.. . I had a the black angus, with pepper jack, jalapeno bacon, lettuce, tomato, pickle, mayo, ketchup, and mustard on an Onion Roll. The burger was a cooked a perfect medium rare and I mean absolutely perfect. The meat tasted very good and it melted in mouth. A perfect blend of fat in the meat. The jalapeno bacon was crazy good and Im wondering when I can have that again. Im gonna go out on a limb and say this was the best burger I've ever had. I cant think of another that was any better and Ive had a lot of burgers in my day. The onion bun was also delicious. . . My girlfriend had a similar burger and she was also very impressed. If your at Mandalay Bay its a must and its even worth a 15 dollar cab ride for this place. Highly reccomened. I wish I would have got a shake to share for desert.
I thoroughly enjoyed the.meal and atmosphere. The wait service was friendly and responsive. The angus burger was juicy and flavorful. The patty was thick and well-formed. But it didn't taste overly dense that Ive come to expect from other restaurants. The onion rings were crunchy and flavorful. Great job. I look forward to my next trip to Vegas.
I had a buffalo burger on ciabatta, with swiss cheese, caramelized onions, avocado AND guacamole (because that's how I roll), jalapeno bacon, homemade dijon and cole slaw. . . With a side of beer. . . 5 stars.
holy burgers batman..no wonder this place has such a good rating after so many reviews. The wife, best friend, and I went here for lunch and we were pretty much satisfied. The wait was quite long but we were able to wrangle some seats at the bar and seeing as it was another hour wait for a table we just ordered our food there.. . Getting a burger the way you wanted it was great. So many choices. The wife and best freind had the original burger while I had the peppercorn burger. First things first, the server actually asked us how we wanted the burger cooked. Not the usual let me burn the burger to a crisp and slap it in a bun and call it a burger. We got it medium because our server said they usually under cook the meat so our burger was pink all the way through and super juicy. The wife added a fried egg which was done right (a little runny yolk in the center, not like fatburger where it's over cooked). Made the burger more rich. The peppercorn burger came with a peppercorn sauce to pour on the burger which was delicious. Then each burger came with a side. (Had the sweet potato fries, fried zucchini, fried pickle, and onion rings.)  Each was good, though my favorite was the fried zucchini. . . Damn I'm craving a burger as I write this review. Let's just say it was that good.
Burger Bar, located at Mandalay Bay, had the highest quality meat in a burger than any place I've tried.  My friend told me about this place and its Kobe beef burger, but I had no idea how good it would be.. . Food:. 1) Kobe Beef Burger - Kobe beef was really juicy, tender, and every ingredient was fresh. Definitely worth around $20.. 2) Sweet potato Fries - it's a must with the burger.. . Service:. The staff were on top of getting people seated, served, and were efficient. However, there was a long line, so we had to wait about 45 minutes.  I suggest you go early to beat the rush, or you'll wait awhile.. . After losing a good amount of money, Burger Bar cheered me up as I left Vegas on a Sunday.. . I'm extremely picky about the places I'll return to and Burger Bar is definitely a place I try to visit everytime I'm in Vegas.
This is my favorite burger anywhere.  The Kobe burger built as you want it, Sweet Potato fries and eat it as slow as you can so you can enjoy it as long as possible.  I recommend this place to everyone going to vegas and make sure I hit it every time I am there. Oh, and the sliders are fantastic too.
I had been wanting to go to Burger Bar in Vegas since the first time I went three years ago. In October, my husband and I finally sat down at the bar and had our burgers at Mandalay Place.. . That's when I ordered the best milkshake in the world. It's the Black and White Cookie milkshake. It was like Ben and Jerry's Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough ice cream, but better. It was orgasmic. I was dying over this milkshake. It probably was 1,500 calories, but damn if it wasn't worth it.. . Since my husband and I are pescetarian, you would think that a burger place wouldn't be as capable of handling us. Not so at Burger Bar! I ordered the most incredible salmon burger, cooked to perfection. My husband ordered the vegan option, which was two amazing portobello mushroom caps with tons of veggies in the middle. Not only was it incredible to see a vegan option at a major restaurant, but it was a very tasty option. . . The fries were eh, but the next time I am ordering the zucchini fries. They looked amazing. The line outside looked super-long, but I give full credit to Hubert Keller for taking something as common as hamburgers and milkshakes and elevating them to levels of perfection that you never thought they could reach.
Loved this build your own by Hubert Keller although most in the party of 5 ordered a menu suggestion. We tried buffalo, kobe, grass-fed, and surf & turf (with lobster) and all were delicious. Up there with the best burger ever eaten. We tried all of the fried sides and most are not to be missed. Fried pickles, onion rings, sweet potato fries were all fantastic, skinny and fat fries were good. Great beer selection as well.
I went to the Burger Bar and had a kobi burger with camelized onions and thought it was one of the best tasting burgers i have ever had. My brother had a buffalo burger and also enjoyed it very much. We also had onion rings and fried zucchini. It was all great and a nice place, but very busy so you will probably have to wait about 30 minutes. I do not eat meat anymore but when i cheat once or twice a year it will be here.
This is a great place to get a burger, in Vegas or anywhere else for that matter.  The fries are good too.  What's really awesome about Burger Bar is the options that are available.  You can choose the meat, bun, cheese, and other toppings, all adding up to a great burger. The kobe beef burger is definitely my favorite.  It is so juicy and tasty!  . The portions are large as well, so if you are not too hungry you could split a burger and be pretty satisfied.  But why would you want to share a burger this good?!?  . Only downsides are the wait for a table or booth, and that it is on the pricey side...but not too bad by Vegas standards. Definitely worth checking out if you are in the south strip or staying in Mandalay Bay!
The ABSOLUTE best burger in town.  You can choose your meat, toppings, bun, etc... or choose from combinations that are already winners on the menu.  I've seen Hubert Keller twice in here, too!  My husband is a beer fan/snob and this is his absolute favorite place to go - tons of beers to choose from - lesser known ones.  The bar staff is AMAZING.  The best service.  We usually sit at the bar and eat and drink -- have found that the best way to skip the wait.  Do yourself a favor and go to Burger Bar - It might be a pricier than say In-n-Out or something, but it's a gourmet burger that tastes that way.  Fries to die for also - Or get the zucchini fries which are delish.
This is the 2nd time I have been to burger bar and I love it.. there are actually nights that I dream about the Hubert Keller burger... spinach, ciabatta bun, blue cheese, and mushrooms. The flavors are fantastic and both times I've been everyone in my party had their burgers cooked to perfect temperature. . . Skinny fries and zucchini fries are great, don't miss an opportunity to order the sauces for dipping. Simply delicious!. . It is a little pricey, but worth it. The boozy milkshakes are delicious and the beer list of imports and craft beers are fantastic. . . Service has been unobtrusive both times, although the first time we went the waitress seamed a little overwhelmed, but the 2nd time we loved our server.. . Great place and I wll keep dreaming about those burgers until the next time I go.
i love Huber Keller!!!! In my experience the service from beginning to end was great! But i have to say i went for lunch and it was not as packed as I saw when i passed by at dinner time.  We had the strawberry beer and the chocolate alcohol milkshake thingy it was everything you would love if you love thick milkshakes with a little happy in it ;0)!! The burgers were very tasty as are the sweet potato fries!!! A must go in Vegas!!!
Wow..that was quite possibly one of the best burgers I have ever eaten!. There was a bit of a wait for a table so we decided to sit at the far end of the bar. I am glad we did. We had a really great server..who was also not bad to look at. He made sure our waters were filled and when the burgers arrived he got us our mayo stat.. My burger had American cheese and bacon with the works. I ordered it med rare and it was perfect! I cant never get my grilled burgers at home to look like that. The onion rings went very well with it all.. My friend had the same burger but got zucchini as her side. I was able to nibble a few of those. They were good but a touch on the greasy side. All and all a very good spot for a burger!
This place is AMAZING!  Make sure to get the ADULT Milkshake and the Zuchinni (sp) Fries!  YUMMM!!!!!
Why didnt i try the $60 Kobe burger?......WHY? The cheaper priced one was delicious, but, im very curious as to what the 60 dollar one tastes like. Best burger i ever had. We were in Vegas for 4 days. We ate 3 times while we were there, and they were all at the burger bar. Drunken idiots we were! Goodtimes!
This has to be the Best burger I've had, cooked perfectly, and the flavors were great.  portion size was also great, not too big, not too small.  I also had the BB Twinkie shake and it was also amazing. . . Waitstaff was very nice, and the place was packed within 30mins of opening.  I'll be back for sure, and I'll have to try the one back home in SF.
Whenever I go to Vegas, I absolutely have to stop by Burger Bar. It's  my favorite burger joint ever, a shame they don't have one in So. Cal. This is a build-your-own-burger place and they have an amazing selection of meats and things to put in your burger. The last time I was here, I ordered a regular angus patty with grilled onions, American cheese, prosciutto, bacon, and garlic aoli on the side. I love the onion rings here! They are the type that when you bite in, the whole onion doesn't come out! How nice. A little on the pricey side but worth it. Huge portions too!. . A little hint... This place is almost always packed and usually there's a crowd outside waiting. Helpful hint, find yourself a seat at the bar! You get the full menu PLUS you can order alcohol directly from the bartender. I don't know why people don't think about doing this... So don't be dumb, feed your tummy, and sit at the bar.
Great service, quality food, this one is a winner plain and simple!! The bartender was kind enough to let us sit and order even though they were closing in fifteen minutes. One of the best burgers I have had in years!! Excellent in a pinch. The french fries and sweet potato fries were delicious. Highly recommended.
sure the price may be a bit steeper than what you find at other burger places but you are kidding yourself if you think you can find this kind of flavor and indulgence at your classic greasy spoon booger joint.  i ordered the kobe burger with blue cheese and classic fries.  simply put it was the best burger i have ever had and was well worth the $20.  IMO, Keller is offering the best food on the strip.
Second only to In and out, Hubert Keller's Burger bar is a top burger joint.  Ive been there twice and have tasted four different creations of burger and they are all delicious.  I love how many different toppings you can choose, and they are all high quality ingredients.  You can go from really fancy (truffles, lobsters, Kobe beef) or just plain ol american.  Either way, it can form to any wallet.  If you dont want to choose your own ingredients they have pre-selected top burgers, the Blackjack burger was really good.  I thought the skinney fries were too overdone, but the sweet potato fries were good.  This time around we tried a milkshake, the Black and White one.  OMG milkshakegasm.  Delicious, creamy, chuncks of cookie dough and homemade chocolate whipped cream.  If that isnt you thing, I hear Burger Bar has the largest selection of beers on tap ON THE WHOLE STRIP.   The french man created the best over the top burger joint- good eats with a healthy dash of Vegas Flash.
I wanted a bloody, rare burger. And that's what I got. I'm pretty sure I could hear my burger moo at me when I bit into it. Dripping in juice...so good. And yes.. again, it was so yummily rare.  . . Don't worry - all y'all who are afraid of a lil pink, my friends got their burgers medium and no moos coming from their burger.  Tons of burgers to choose from OR opt for the build your own burger variety.  They even have an oh-so-indulgent kobe beef burger!  . . I got the country natural burger, added on a fried egg, bacon, and provolone.  In all honesty, I wanted to go all out and add truffles and truffle sauce, and foie gras, but I was trying to be good.  Even with me 'sacrificing', that burger was amazing. When I ordered my burger rare.. it came RARE. I love that. I love ordering meat rare and it being done right.  It totally tickled my burger fancy. . . My friends got their burger - and I wish I could tell you what was on theirs - but I was so involved in my own bloody burger goodness that I just didn't notice.  . . We also shared the sweet potato fries and zucchini fries.  The sweet potato fries were good - albeit, perhaps the least amazing part of the whole meal - and the zucchini fries were delicious!!! Soft and crunchy at the same time. All that washed down with a yummy Spaten Optimator beer...this whole meal made me one very happy girl.. . Wait...that's not all. We ended the meal sharing a mint chocolate chip milkshake made with a mint liqueur. Amazeballs, I tell you.  We were so full we were convinced we'd only sip some and take no more. But it was so good, we forced our fat asses to keep going...and we regret not one sip of it.  . . Sat at the bar, didn't have to wait for a table, and the bartender/waitress was super awesome and nice.  So, my verdict? Burger Bar = happy lil me.
I love this place! The food the service and the ambiance all fantastic.
A must hit stop on any Vegas trip, although the 35 minute wait for a table at lunchtime shows word is getting around.  The Kobe beef burger is amazing, large topping selection, onion rings are ridiculous, TVs at every booth, what more could you want?
Best Burger we had here. I ordered the surf and turf. It was delicious. I ordered sweet potato fries and they were good well. My boyfriend ordered the buffalo burger. It was pricey but what do you expect for quality burgers in Mandalay Bay.
No screwing around..... The best burger I've ever had...... so far.
There's a loooong wait here for a reason. Burger Bar is awesome. The best thing about it I would say, are the endless options (customizable burgers, drinks, etc). Not to mention the deliciousness. Burger prices range from normal to ridiculous ($60) for those with fancy tastes. There was turkey, salmon, normal beef, Kobe beef, etc, with all sorts of fancy toppings available. (The expensive one had truffle essence...I still have no idea what that tastes like).. . We ended up splitting a Kobe burger (they charge for splits, ugh!)  as pictured (http://media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/xPX-07JmgKNbObjsoYBP2g/l). The patty was impossibly tender and wonderfully seasoned. We ordered a dipping sampler for our fries (. http://media2.ct.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/GB-CP9WLcVvQKnjJ0-d2fQ/l). It was super-fun to try all the sauces. I liked the chipotle sauce the most. I also got seriously what I consider the most luscious Strawberry Margaritas ever (http://media1.ct.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/WoZJlUx7yG4yrR6ycTuXbw/l). I had TWO of them. There was a lot of fresh, sweet strawberry puree in there, as well as scattered mint leaves for to make it even more refreshing.. . Last, we topped our meal off with dessert. There were many, many choices available...including alcoholic milkshakes, with customizable flavors (pick the liquor, pick the flavor)! Amazing. We settled on the dessert burger, which consisted of donuts sandwiching a sheet of passionfruit jelly, kiwis, strawberries, and gnutella (http://media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/7p_GLg35zpGOLnw-FjHLqg/l), accompanied by a drizzle of raspberry sauce and a dollop of whipped cream. It was soooo cute and yummy. I loved Burger Bar!! Next time I'm getting an alcoholic milkshake...
I had lunch there last week and it is still one of my all-time favorites.  Salmon burger with sweet potato fries is always topnotch.  Salmon portion seemed to be a bit thicker than usual but it was cooked perfectly.  It is one of the best cuts of salmon I have had at any restaurant.  Sweet potato fries were crispy and also some of the better ones I have had.  Lunch with 2 beers was less than $20 - great value.. . By the way, sit at the bar if you can.  It often makes for interesting conversation.
I love, love, love this place.. . Solid beer selection.. Solid burger.. Great staff.  . . Even their salads are great!  Their low carb burger is delicious, too.  There is not one item I've ordered here that I haven't fully enjoyed.  . . When we visit, we usually sit in Erin's section, she's an awesome waitress.
One of the chefs I worked fro recommended this place to me when I visited Vegas. This place is just amazing! I'm not a huge fan of burgers but this burger joint is awesome! I love the fact that you can design your burger. The sweet potato are also great. You will not regret coming here!
Mmmm, big fat dripping burgers...probably the best burgers ever. Ok, maybe I was just really hungry, but they were some rocking burgers. Pretty damn expensive though, but hey, you're in Vegas and they are going to get your money one way or another. ;)
Probably the best burger i've ever had.  You can customize it in so many ways! 3 different kinds of bacon, 3 kinds of onions, a bunch of different mushrooms, etc. etc. . . I had a kobe beef on a chibatta bun with peppered bacon, button mushrooms, and blue cheese. Ohhmmyyyggoooddd. Soooo goooood!. . They also have good drinks. I had a long island which wasn't dissapointing but there are a bunch of different types of beers and a full bar.. . There was abouy a20 minute wait around 5pm which really wasn't that bad.  The waiter was friendly enough he wasn't over the top spectacular. I had to ask for a glass of water a few times before he remembered.. . I will come here every time i'm in Vegas. It's outstanding.
Customizable burgers almost always never turn out the way we envision it.  With an amazing array of toppings to choose from, it's easy to get it wrong.  But after eating here on numerous occasions, I think I finally got it down pat.. . I've been hooked on Burger Bar since day one.  I make it an effort to eat here at least once on all my Vegas trips (approximately 7 trips since).  The minute I touch McCarran Airport I make a beeline straight to Mandalay.. . Is it that great?  Umm, yes and no.  It can be, you just gotta get the combos right.  Like I said before, it's very easy to go overboard on the toppings and just get it wrong.  . . You have the choice of ordering their pre-made selections or create your own.  Picking a bun, meat and fixin's can be perplexing.  Like me, you easily get lured into exotic items such as black truffles, lobster and foie gras.  I made that mistake in the beginning and my burgers came out tasting like a garbage disposal.  So many things mashed together, it was a complete mess.  Not only that, it  was a costly Frankenstein experiment... ranging upwards of $65 a burger.  Yeah, it adds up quick.  . . It wasn't until a couple of years ago that I stumbled upon a winning combination.  Plain bun, American Kobe (cooked medium rare), Lobster, American & Swiss cheese, Grilled Asparagus or sprouts, pickles and pesto.  Not too crazy, other than the lobster.  Eating that silky luxurious lobster tail is what drives me back.  It's that one ingredient that makes this burger gourmet!  It ain't cheap, but for $30 it gets my karma amped up to the highest notch.  All these nuances of flavor are working in every bite... sweet, savory, sour... mmm mmm mmm.  It's a feast on a bun!. . Come early, there's going to be a wait.  If you get a chance, order the Butttermilk battered Zucchini fries and the Peanut Butter and Jelly Burger for dessert.  OMG... BANANAS!
The Kobe beef burger was the best burger I've had. The bf and I made this our first stop when we got to Vegas. We (aka "me") also wanted to try one of their dessert burgers, so we decided to split a Kobe burger and then split the Cheesecake burger. . . We got the Kobe burger, cooked medium, without any toppings *partially because we wanted to see the no frills version, partially because we just couldn't pick what to put on it*, and with a side of zucchini fries. There is a charge for splitting the plate, but they warn you ahead of time and make sure all the dressings *lettuce, tomato, onion* are provided for both burger halves. . . I didn't realize no toppings literally meant nothing on the burger. It was a patty and a bun. Add the dressings to preference. No condiments on the burger already. After dressing my burger, I was ready to put some ketchup on my burger, but my bf reminded me that "real" burgers don't use ketchup. I took a bite, and was glad I didn't ruin it with ketchup. The meat was juicy enough that it didn't need ANYTHING. I probably would have eaten the patty by itself. I secretly regretted splitting the burger with the bf. I bet he did too. The zucchini fries were great too. Cut thinner than I usually see, and not soggy at all. Fried goodness. . . I didn't expect too much from the cheesecake burger. I knew it was just a gimmick, but that's okay. I wanted to try the cute little donut burger. It was surprisingly good! The cheesecake was more like a mousse, and the drizzled some raspberry syrup on it as well. . . However, if I went back, I'd opt for my own Kobe burger, and skip the dessert. I prefer a good beef burger over a good cheesecake burger any day .
Build your own shake, need I say more! and build your own burger with more things to choose from than you can even imagine. Six types of "fries" the zucchini fries, sweet potato fries, and steak fries are all superb. You can even get a sampler of fries where you pick three. This place never lets you down. Hands down the best burger anywhere!
TASTY, SCRUMPTIOUS, ADDICTING!!! Each bite keeps you wanting more.. fantastic fries and MILKSHAKES!!!! The first time I went to the one in SF (the city) and got the sliders which were tasty but the second time I got the chicken sandwich that was on the menu, and I know that sounds funny to not get something with beef, but I wasn't in a beefy mood. The chicken tasted super tender & I felt like I was doing "the healthy thing" even though it was so yummy it also didn't feel like it, chicken was probably grilled & it was topped with veggies-- not a bad way to go when your indulging in fries and shakes! Go there!
so i've had this gem bookmarked for years and i never went bc i never came near mandalay bay, but this time i stayed at mandalay so i knew that i would eat here NO MATTER WHAT! . . i was walking around restaurant row w/ my friend looking @ fleur's menu (hubert keller's other restaurant) and i remembered that we had to go to burger bar ASAP! so on our way i was saying "if i see hubert keller i'm going to FREAK" and i looked up and BAM there he was! he was so sweet and so nice ahhhh!!!. . anyways back to burger bar :D we got seated right away (it was around 4 pm) my friend got the american kobe beef burger and i got the hubert keller burger (duh! it's his "favorite" lol) with sweet potato fries (extra crispy) . . my friend said his burger was one of the best he ever had. it was juicy, cooked perfectly and it was huge! i LOVED my buffalo burger!!! it was my first time eating buffalo and it was the best way to eat it...mmm it was so juicy and meaty *drooool* . . definitely come to burger bar for your burger fix. you won't regret it! great food, great service and a reasonable price (ESP for vegas)
There is nothing like a beer in an ice cold frosty mug, and a big thick juicy burger. Oh and I forgot to mention that they have TV's in the booths, so you can watch the game... any man's dream.. . I decided to take my boyfriend here when we first starting dating. I thought a sports bar, with burgers who could go wrong? The burgers are not inexpensive; I believe our total bill was $80.00. (I should of made him pay..lol). . My favorite thing was that you could build your own burger, and pick your own beef. Of course I chose the Kobi beef, which was the best decision of my life. I could not stop moaning, and indulging myself in this delicious meal. I didn't even focus on my date, I was so focused on the food.. it was absolutely ridiculous. . . Everyone must go here once, and indulge! Also ladies it's a great place to find men, this place is always busy!
I think I may have experienced the best burger of my life here!! I've been wanting to come back here since my last trip, it's that good. A lot of vegas restaurants are overrated, but this is a go-to spot. Make your burger how you like it, any 'ol way! Fried zucchini and Onion rings are also fantastic!
The original gourmet burger joint here in las Vegas.  I love it for ma y many reasons.  Just try it if your staying on the strip and you'll quickly learn why I give it 5 stars.
Best. Burgers. In Vegas. . . My favorite place to eat whilst staying in Vegas. The service, food and prices are just amazing. From the servers to the bus boy, personality is unparalleled. We go with the natural burger with wheat buns and sweet potato fries. I just love this place. We're sure to dine hear AT LEAST twice during our weekly stays in Vegas.
One of the best burgers I've ever had. Being able to select the type of meat, bun and toppings, it came out exactly the way I wanted.. The patties are extra thick and everything was very fresh. We had the fry sampler and I really liked the basil aioli.. They have a big selection of milkshakes, some with alcohol. My husband had the Twinkie milkshake and said that whoever had created it was a genius. I guess that's a pretty good review!. This place is expensive as far as burgers go (we spent $80 for two) but the quality is so good that we'll be back.
I know I've said this before, but this really is the best burger I've ever had.  The Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay is Chef Hubert Keller's awesome restaurant and is supposed to be the original build your own burger.  I had the Kobe beef burger (cooked medium) with baby spinach, blue cheese, bacon, foie gras, and truffle sauce.  It was amazing (see pics).  The milkshakes (with alcohol) also looked incredible, but the burger and sweet potato fries were all I could handle.  The service was friendly and very helpful.  They have a full bar with delicious Bloody Marys, and a huge selection of beer.  There is nothing not to love about this restaurant...but bring your money.   Hamburgers at this restaurant can easily get into the $20-$40 range without much effort.  The price of the burger depends on the type of meat you choose and the toppings you add.  I'm embarrassed to say that my crazy burger cost slightly over $40, but I did go crazy when I ordered with absolutely no consideration for price.  I'd definitely go back and order the exact same thing or maybe try a different variation (aka get any type of meat burger topped with lobster).  Food-5 stars, Service-5 stars, Originality of bar drinks-5 stars, value-3 stars, burger joint ambiance-5 stars.
Had a turkey burger with pickles, mayo, mustard, and avocado....wow!. . The quality of the food is top notch. Service was average. But they try really hard to please you. Our server did not get when we needed her assistance and when we were fine. . . The family enjoyed it. . . We will return next vacation.
Bloody Mary. SOOOOO GOOD.. . Just don't eat the burgers if you're a burger lover because they aren't all that good. It didn't have taste.. Even with toppings. Had the sampler plate and it just didn't do it for me. . . IN-AND-OUT FTW.
We love going to the Burger Bar in the Mandalay Bay.  You build your own burger.  Pick your bun, meat, toppings and condiments.  I usually get the Angus beef with pepper jack cheese, grilled onions and mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, pickle, mayo, ketchup and mustard on a wheat bun.  Our favorites are: skinny fries, onion rings, sweet potato fries, the sliders and the chocolate or vanilla milkshakes - oh my!
This place is a bit pricey, but the food I got was really good!  I got a Kobe Beef burger with their fat fries.  They also have some good Pepperjack cheese poppers.  I've never been thrilled with the food in Las Vegas because I think too much of it is "fancy pants".  But this was pretty good, nice atmosphere as well.
The best BURGER in the world.  Yes, it is $10.00 more than a double double @ in-n-out, but the quality and the thickness of the beef is superb!  They cook their burger to PERFECTION, and you'll never find another place with this quality of beef. . . Not only is the beef perfect, but also their toppings.  You get to choose ANY topping you like on your burger.  I always get avocado with mozzarella and satuee portobello mushroom.  MMmmm, mummmm, mummm.  My stomach is growling just thinking about it.  On yeah, you also get to choose the type of bread you want around your burger.  I always choose ciabatta bread because it's mostly crust with little dough in side.  I'm weird, I always eat the outside of the bread, but not the inside.  . . Bottom line, if you're in Vegas, you gotta come here and try their burger.  I assure you with one bite, you'll be hook and will always have to come back here for another burger whenever you're in town!
Burgers are fantastic. Totally customizable in every detail. I had a burger with pepper-jack cheese and jalapeno bacon on an onion bun. It was crazy good. But the shakes are the show stoppers. Hands down, best ice cream shakes I've ever had. And the fact that you can add any liquor to any shake doesn't hurt. Service was pretty good, nothing special. Prices are high, but it's worth it.
So i came back and ordered a Nutella Milkshake. OMG!!!! I heart Burger Bar!!
Creme de la Creme of burger places!  I have been here several times, as well as the one in San Francisco... to start off, the Las Vegas location is far better than the San Francisco location...  The service here is always top notch, friendly and full of energy...but as great as the service is, that's not the reason I go there - the reason of course is the burgers!  Wagyu, Buffalo, Organic grass fed, Lamb, etc... these burgers are amazing!  Cooked the YOU like it, juicy, flavorful, fresh, delicious.  Your choice of buns and toppings ranging from jalapeno bacon to prosciutto, from fried egg to foie gras and everything in-between!  Try the pickled tomatoes for a tangy treat on the side!. . I was also introduced to dogfish head 90 minute IPA here, most excellent :)
If you are a burger person make the trip to eat here! It is on the expensive side for burgers, but everyone LOVED what they got. You get to pick your meat, toppings, bun and sauces so it is made just the way you want. We also go the sampler fry basket where you can pick three fry type sides of sweet potato fries, cheese sticks, Jalapeno cheese balls fried... Very good and they have an excellent selection of beers as well though they don't keep up the bottle list as they were out of the 120IPA by dogfish for my hubby...
make sure you get THIS.. . rossini burger - sure it's $60 but you're in vegas!!! i know you're throwing $100 bills on the blackjack table like it's nothing. just splurge....because it's the greatest burger of all time.. . foie gras, truffles, and kobe beef? GAME OVER.. . and you know what else is game over? when you lose at pac man. hahaha worst joke of all time.
You wouldn't think that a place called "Burger Bar" would have anything a veggie can eat, but not so. They actually have a few great options, and not just salads. I always get the house made veggie burger, it is amazing! Not one of those frozen patties from Costco that everyone else serves. This is a patty with lentils, peas, mushrooms, rice, you name it. It is packed with flavor and since it's made fresh on premises, it falls apart pretty easy. It's also perfectly fine to get the same thing every time you go because they have so many different options for toppings and sauces that you never have to eat the same exact thing twice. I highly recommend their homemade Dijon or even the spicy Burger Bar ketchup. Their beer list is awesome, their onion rings are some of the best I've ever had. My son raves about the sliders and gets them every time. There are three in the order and each one is a little different. Not generally kid friendly, but they will make a grilled cheese for the little ones. . . TV's all over the place, there is even one in each booth, so you never have to miss a minute of the game you just bet on downstairs. :-) . . Highly recommend, this place is excellent!
Bumped up to 5 Stars Because I had Impeccable Service and a Burger that made me wipe both sides of my mouth.. before taking a bite!!. . Sat at the bar: (for like 2 hours). . Round 1: (Under Chef's Burgers with skinny fries) American Classic: "Black Angus beef, American cheese, crispy bacon, tomato, onion on sesame bun." Absolutely Delicious Angus, cooked right on my prefered medium well, bacon thin but not much fat and toppings fresh. Only thing that could use a slight improvement would be adding a slightly larger/taller Sesame Bun (because the patty isn't small, a little more bread would be a plus).. With that said, Its still was an Excellent Burger!! The fries were like McDonald's skinny but weren't as salty and had a plain potato fry flavor.. No complaints.  . . Round 2: American Kobe Beef Burger and fat fries: "This american kobe beef from Snake River melts in your mouth, tender with an unmatched flavor, the most expensive beef in the world for the most discriminating palate." Who in the right state of mind would read this on a menu and not want to order At Least One ??!!.. As much as I wanted to try the "Hubert Keller Burger" or add some truffle or foie gras toppings to this burger as I planned before I made this trip, I got sucked in their brilliant description of marketing genius of having this burger Alone! I ordered it plain (coooked medium plus) to indulge its full flavor without being bloody or burnt and without any support of sauces, toppings and even cheese. I've had kobe in the past but this particular kobe patty was AMAZING! It wasn't too rich or velvety but just had and an INCREDIBLY saturated Fatty & Buttery Flavor that was Beyond Comparison of any Angus Beef Burger I've ever had. Now, this isn't the type of burger I would eat on a regular basis like I would an Angus. Because I feel this is more of a Real Treat like Gourmet or having truffle, foie gras, uni, eggs nest.. Just my opinion. Nonetheless, Definitely one of the Best Burgers I've had in my life, Bar None! The fat fries had the same flavor as the skinny but I liked these better, I personally prefer fatter sliced fries and more undercooked than crispy. . . * I ordered the Beer Sampler (6) different Beers to choose from domestic/imported: I'll cut right to the chase - "Humboldt Brown Hemp Ale (USA)".. Your welcome =). . Service was 10.0/10.0, I Felt Special. I must of exchanged words with 5 different staff members including the manager in regards to anything that I needed to make my dining experience any better and some interesting conversations that set a nice vibe.. Atmosphere was relaxed and live at the same time (sports games were playing and some indiviudals cheering, but not annoyingly loud). Both Burgers were Memorable and absolutely worth every penny. . . *For those of you that felt their burgers were mediocre at most, Please advise me of a Burger that you obviously feel that's More Worthy.
What a find! My boyfriend did some research and found this place to surprise me. I am so glad he did. The burgers were delicious and the mint chocolate shake was perfection. And the service was phenomenal. Our waiter was very attentive and made sure our group had a fantastic experience.. . I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves a good burger. Go and enjoy!
Trendy place with wonderful burgers.  Kobe burger is extremely tasty.  Many of the servers (2 identical twins) have been there since first opened.  Good service.  Lots of great toppings. Try the salmon with lobster topping.  A must try in Vegas.
Rare Angus Burger on Onion bread with Blue Cheese! Intense flavor! by far, best burger ever. better than Umami, better than 25 degrees..
The Burger Bar is my kind of place. The burgers I've ordered have always been fantastic! It's like you assemble your fantasy burger and the'll prepare it to your exact specificatins. As burgers go, they are on top of their game! The real reason to go however are the beers. A wonderful variety of beers on tap (most I have fund in Vegas anyway) and an impressive selection of bottles from around the world! So in other words it's a great place to drink exotic beers that happen to have some fantasic burgers. I got a bacon cheeseburger with grilled pineapple, guacamole, and chipotle. Creamy, crunchy, sweet and spicy...  grade A goodness.
When i come to Vegas i make to stop by here, the Burgers are delicious!! Give it a try you will not be disappointed.
This is by far the BEST burger I've ever had.  . . I had their rossini burger, which is the burger with foie gras and black truffles.  $60 for a burger but let me tell you; it is worth it to the very last bite.  If you're skeptical about trying this - you NEED to go. . . The wait can be long - we had to wait 40 mins and they don't take reservations; but once you're seated, the food comes out fast and the staff are friendly. . . Will def go again next time I'm in Vegas.
When my boyfriend told me he wanted to eat a $60 burger, I thought he had lost his mind. Who would pay that much for a burger? Well, after having it, we would, that's who. . . This burger is decadent. So decadent, that I would suggest splitting it. We sat at the bar. Ordered a beer on tap, ordered a side of fries and the $60 burger split. . . The place was casual, fun and we genuinely had a good time eating that burger and hanging out at this restaurant. . . If your in LV, then your probably thinking your going to spend some money anyway. If you like meat, and your not opposed to spending your money on a really expensive burger, I say this is a must try. . . Enjoy!
So good I ate there twice on my last Vegas visit!  The burgers are excellent and the adult shakes are killer.  Not the easiest to get to location, but worth it once there.
Burger Bar I wish you weren't so far....from me! :). . Well in actuality I am glad cus I would be 400lbs if there was a burger bar in the Bay Area.  I have been coming here for years and am a loyal customer.  Mandalay Bay is not a centralized location for where I like to stay on the strip but I make a point to come here every trip.  I like it that much.. . There are a few tricks to this place though.  You get to pick your burger meat and I honestly think when a reviewer chooses the wrong meat, they feel like this place isn't good.  The trick is that you only need to order the Angus beef burger.  If you get the vegetarian fed beef selection you are simply not going to get that fatty, juicy flavor a burger needs!  Come on people, if you were in the Donner party, would you have selected the skinny person or the fat guy to eat?....lol  The fat is what makes a burger juicy and delicious.  Also, a burger is really only supposed to be cooked medium at the most.  If you really want a juicy burger, anything else will dry it out.. . I love the fat fries but my friend swears by the skinny ones.  Maybe I am just prejudice against anything skinny, i dunno :). . I read a review on here about the Nutella milkshake.....OMG!  That was a freaking awesome choice.  I almost couldn't finish that and the meal.  It is almost too much....Notice I said ALMOST?  That's right, I kicked it into FAT GUY gear and took it all down baby!
Unlike most of the places I review on this blog, Burger Bar is a place I can write a review on based strictly on memory. Still, given the opportunity a few days ago to stop in there for lunch I didn't hesitate. Besides, I didn't have any quality pictures to post until that point.  Because I've been here so many times I was almost nervous that I would give this restaurant preferential treatment, but since I've been taking a way more analytical approach to my burgers lately I found that Burger Bar wasn't quite the perfection I remembered it.  But it was still close.. . Located in the elusive Mandalay Place shopping area connecting Mandalay Bay and the Luxor, Burger Bar is placed amongst overly expensive clothing stores, men's shaving boutiques and some other more touristy shops of late. The restaurant has been there for quite a few years now and is maybe looking slightly dated, but it's still a good atmosphere. It's very open pretty much anywhere you sit, even in the booths, so don't go there if you're looking for a decent amount of privacy. Also if you're going on the weekend, or even potentially during a weekday lunch, expect a wait or try the bar.. . Other than a small selection of slightly overpriced burgers, the menu is pretty much do-it-yourself. You have your choice of meats; Angus, country natural, Kobe and buffalo, along with chicken, salmon turkey and veggie if you're into that sort of thing. While the Kobe is totally delicious, I find it to be a bit expensive and have been completely happy ordering the Angus. But more on that shortly. Once you've chosen your meats, you have a very long list of choices for veggies, cheeses, meats, sauces and plenty of other fancy things. I've had quite a few different burgers over the years, and all of the toppings have been great.. . For this particular meal I went with the Angus, Swiss cheese, and mushrooms on a sesame bun. Fairly simple, but that's fine because the meat always stands out as a great flavor on its own. One of the biggest things I can say about this restaurant is that however you order your burger it will always come out that way. Consistency is key, and they never disappoint. I ordered medium-rare, and it's as pink as it could be. And like I said, the meat really has great flavor, so whether you have a ton of toppings or almost none, you're guaranteed a great burger. After eating a lot of others around town lately, I could say that this burger might be lacking a bit of seasoning now, almost as if the burger is outdated like the restaurant. Still it is fantastic and won't disappoint.. . The various buns I have had are always good, no matter which one you get there seems to be a proper meat to bun ratio. The mushrooms were flavorful, and just the right amount. My cheese was melted as always, the lettuce and tomato on the plate were also very fresh. I haven't always been a fan of pickles in the past, but they're growing on me with all these burger meals so now it's a welcome sight on my plate.. . The fries are the one slight weak spot in this meal; my skinny fries were just ok, a bit too generic for such a fancy menu. The sweet potato fries have been really good in the past, especially with some ranch, although it's been a while since I've had them. I'm not always a fan of fat fries, but they're a little better here so you might want to try them when visiting.. . My burger, fries and drink came to almost $19; I would consider that a bit on the high side if it wasn't in a very touristy spot on the strip. I'm not always too happy about spending that much on a burger meal anywhere, but compared to Bradley Ogden or even BLT this is a huge value for the same price. This place is still one of my favorite choices in town based on the burger alone, so do yourself a favor and check it out.
THE BEST BURGER IN VEGAS!  I love this place, been going for years & when Vegas gets hectic I go here to get takeout.  I always get either to Kobe or the Buffalo burger, I recommend the Buffalo above everything else on the menu!  . . Sweet potato fries are good & all of the shakes are really good.  For dessert you have to try the Cheescake Burger but if they're serving the Chocolate Burger & you need some chocolate, you'll overdose on this one, the chocolate gnache portion is fantastic.  The more you add the pricer to your burger the pricer it gets but there are so many toppings to choose from that I change it up every time I go.. . Tip for takeout, you can only order takeout when you're at the restaurant, not over the phone.  Yet the 20 minute wait for the food rather than the 60 minute wait for a table on a Sat night is perfect.  Plus there's a ton of shops in Mandalay Place so it helps the wait go a little faster.
Love this place!! Such yummy burgers. I got the Kobe Burger with Swiss cheese and avocado. The meat was so tender and juicy. The bun was fluffy and fresh with sesame seeds. The size of the burger was also really big. The sweet potato fires were crispy on the outside and savory on the inside. Overall it was an amazing meal. . . As for the service it was just as amazing. I sat at the bar and the bartender was so friendly and helpful. I was asked and offered many different types of sauces/ condiments.. . The prices were also very reasonable for a gourmet burger with Kobe beef. If you love burgers, you have to try this place. I would totally come back again!!
Great burger great fries and a nice shake.   This is by far the best burger I have had outside of Ray's Tavern in Reading Michigan.
Love, love, love this place. The Rossini is the best burger I've ever had (I'm not going to moan about price because it's Las Vegas and this place doesn't exactly have a dollar menu).  The sweet potato fries are great and, of course, you need to top it all off with a chocolate shake - think about calories, fat grams, and cost after your trip is over.
STILL AWESOME!!!. . We had a 20 minute wait on a Saturday night at 7pm... but we figured that into our plan, so it wasn't a big deal.  They have a huge menu and the Huber Keller Burger is amazing, but didn't really need the extra fried egg on top.  I like that they have an open kitchen... no one can spit in your food!  I noticed the long bar would be a good place for dining solo.  Only drawback is that it's a trek to the bathroom... but awesome food and a great time with our friends in the booth.  We liked trying all he different varieties of fries... my favorites were the sweet potato & zucchini fries.. . I will be back to Burger Bar every time I go to Vegas!. . Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
After a long flight from Chicago to Vegas that got me in at around 10PM local time, my friend recommended we immediately make our way to the Burger Bar inbetween Luxor and Mandalay Bay as he heard good things about their milkshakes. Though skeptical, I have to say I was intrigued by the prospects of a good milkshake and a burger. Little did I know that not only were these milkshakes everything he had built them up to be but the burgers were incredible as well. Good texture, perfectly cooked and highly recommend a side of sweet potato fries - which are also amazing. And you'd be doing yourself a huge disservice by just doing the burger without the milkshake. The Black White Milkshake may well be he world's perfect dessert. Chocolate mousse whipped cream with chocolate chips and fudge swimming in vanilla ice cream? Are you kidding me? We went back the night before I left just so I could have another for the road! Nice atmosphere and good service both at the tables and the bar.
The harsh recent reviews on this place are amazing to me.  I've been coming here 3 yrs or so now and feel obligated to post.  The food is always consistently good.  The waitresses seem sometimes like they have too many tables but are friendly.  I've never eaten at the bar here.. . Price- When you're on the strip keep in mind that EVERYTHING is pricey!!!  If you don't like it head off the strip!!!  Actually, relative to other offerings on the strip and considering portion size, this place is actually a good deal (for the strip).  . . I live in Vegas and took my Mom here a few days ago so i'll post from her perspective.  . . Mum- Sliders - Raved about them rest of the day.. . Brother - Angus Burger.  He loved it, said it was the best lunch he's had in a long time.. . We shared the Nutella  shake and the sweet potato fries.  We all agreed the shake was the best we've ever had (i'm not a big sweet guy but this was the bomb).. . I no longer eat red meat and had the Turkey burger which wasn't bad as well :). . In summary, don't avoid this place because people say it's over-priced.  It isn't for the strip, and I go out of my way as a local to eat here.  People I bring here think it's great and I have friends in town that have had their birthdays here.. . Comparing it to fast food or saying fast food is better makes me LOL
I can easily say this is best burger and shake place I have ever ate.... . Please do yourself a favor if find yourself here... eat the buffalo burger! . Wow just heaven! It literally melts in your mouth. The meat is so tender, juicy and out of this world furthermore there shake will leave you in nirvana. . Last time I was there I had the pink monkey.... Good times!. It is my vegas tradition to go here at least once and its usual the first place I want to eat at.
Knowledge bartender on beer  who offered great choices to go with our meal.  The burgers were perfectly cooked and tasted great.  I would love to go there again!
Thank You Hubert,. . As a former employee of Chef Keller I still eat here all the time.  Friendly service, great burgers and great beer selection.   My favorite, ridgefield farms angus with foie, blue cheese and oyster mushrooms on ciabatta.  Forget in and out burger, Burger Bar all the way!
We were fortunate enough to score two seats at the bar on a busy Monday night at the Burger Bar.  After getting a recommendation for this place from my Boss, the Hubs and I decided to give it a whirl during our recent getaway to Vegas.  The place was packed and there was an hour and a half wait... that tells you all you need to know. Not only is the food great, but the service we received from the bartenders was amazing.. . For appetizer we shared the pepper jack cheese shots, which were basically fried cheese balls.  As one would guess, they were fabulous.  The only thing that would have made them better was some kind of sauce, but they were gone so fast there wasn't any time to get some!  For our entree, we shared the buffalo burger with blue cheese.  FABULOUS!  Having never tried buffalo before, we decided to be adventurous and give it a go... so glad we did.  It was moist and flavorful and the au jus it was served with was the perfect touch.  The fries, which it came with were really good as well.  We were offered dessert, but passed, however my Husband made a comment about the beer floats (thought it was intriguing) and the bartender proceeded to give us a free small sample.  It was soooo... good... raspberry beer with vanilla ice cream - it rocks!. . The Burger Bar is a fun, happening place, which serves a mean burger that lives up to the popularity.  My Husband is STILL talking about his mealand that beer float.  I think we will be back for sure!
Hands down the best burger I have ever had.  You can select a burger from the menu or build your own, with extensive choices of bread, type of beef (or chicken-- but you're at a place called Burger Bar...order beef), cheeses, veggies, sauces, and side (the sweet potato fries are awesome).  I had the Nature Source beef (100% vegetarian fed) medium rare and it could have walked off the plate.  I'm drooling just thinking about it.. . Perfect place for a casual dinner with friends.
Yup, the Burger Bar located in the Mandalay Bay in Vegas was awesome.  Build your own burger any way you like, all kinds of toppings including a fried egg, 8 different cheeses, 5 different buns, 4 kinds of bacon, skinny fries, fat fries, sweet potato fries, 5-beer samplers at the bar, great atmosphere and more!. . You can check out the menu here.... http://www.usmenuguide.com/burgerbarmenu.htm
SOOO GOOD!!  I loved it!!  Juicy, flavorful burger!! I would eat there all the time if I.  could. Next time I will split a burger with the fiance so we can try the chocolate burger! !
Burger bar never disappoints. While some may see it is a bit on the pricy side for a burger this place has it all. Where else can you get a lobster put on your burger, or have so many different choices. The burgers here are prepaired perfectly. I like my burgers plain and cooked well done. I decided to go with the Kobe burger on a seaseme seed bun with Cheese. My burger was cooked perfectly. It was well done but not dry. Every bite was super tender and the bun was nice and fresh. The burger was large yet fit on the bun. The service was good as well. The burger here just can't be beat. Still my favorite burger I have had. The fat fries I got with my burger were fresh and not over salted. This is the place to go for burgers, will not dissappoint.
Great place near Mandalay's casino. The burgers are really good. I got the burger medium on ciabatta with an egg and jalapeno bacon. Super delicious! The onion rings were also really good - cooked perfectly. I love the customized burger and am craving to go back!
When we come to Vegas we always make it a point to come and visit the Burga Bar.  Awesome mini burgers. Wonderful fires. YUMMY
My husband and I had lunch here and it was amazing! Service was great, the bloody marys are good and the food was delicious! It is one of our Vegas favorites!
Best Burger in Vegas!!!!. Thanks god there is a burger paradise in Vegas!!!!!at least this Place is always Great. . . Great Service.
Very good burgers been here at least 6 times would recommend trying it once.
I have been to burger bar a few times and I have to say the place is trendy and fun.  They have a good selection of beer and service makes all the difference; my bartender Patrick was very friendly and knowledgeable about everything also made me feel less like a tourist and more like I was at home, very comfortable, Thanks Pat!  I will be returning again!  . . The Burgers are freakin amazing !!!!  Great quality and consistency
Chef's burger?  Delicious.. Sweet potato fries with cinnamon honey something?  Sweet 'n tasty.. Deep fried mac & cheese?  The undergrad in me was drooling.. Hazelnut nutella milkshake?  I will take 8 lactaids because you cannot keep me away from it!. . I haven't had a milkshake in ages (stupid lactose intolerance).  But this was worth popping one of those chalky white pills every few sips.  I am looking up the address in San Francisco because I am not waiting until the next time I'm in Vegas for the sweet or savory goodness that is Burger Bar.. . I hear there's one in St. Louis too.. . (Oh, and I have a little crush on Hubert Keller.  Shhhh - don't tell.)
I just had dinner but thinking of Burger Bar just makes my mouth melt. . . The burgers are amazing and you can customize them yourself. The beer selection would make any beer snob happy.If you don't like beer, they have Nutella milkshakes! Yummy! The two times that I've come here has been with bigger groups. The wait for this place is long but worth it. We usually end up window shoppingin the area and come back. Because of the size, it's not really the best place for large groups but it's still worth it. . . PS Finding the restroom is a journey but it's pretty cool because they have a bunch of cool picture of Keller in the hallways. Oh, and they sell the coolest Hubert Keller shirt.
I think I've started a new Vegas tradition! . I ordered the Hubert Keller Burger with buffalo and it did not disappoint on presentation, flavor, or savory goodness! I agree that the fries aren't all that great, but try switching them out for sweet potato or zucchini for made-to-order goodness. . There was an excellent selection of craft beers I had trouble deciding but ultimately went with the Sin City lager which was smooth & tasty. . The waitress was very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed. I was too stuffed after my meal to try any desserts but I need to sample that Beer Float next time and have my eye on that Kobe beef burger as well. . Check it out, you won't regret the 'experience' and for vegetarians there are veggie options too.
Get the Rossini. Don't look back. Best burger ever. It comes with a dessert burger that is also amazing. Their fries are great too, especially with the truffle oil.
Loves it! Ate here twice during a 5 night stay at Mandalay Bay. First time they were packed but offered seating at the milkshake bar - where we received amazing service.  The burgers are delicious and the service is awesome! Well worth the money!
This place has delicious burgers!! I hadthe low carb specialty burger and was extremely satisfied!  So juicy and flavorful, he really hit the target here.  The prices were reasonable for Vegas, and I would definitely return!
Best burgers in Vegas hands down. Always fresh ingredients and prefect bun meat ratio. Been here about a dozen times  and burgers have been cooked prefect and sides are hot (I luv the zucchini fries). Service has always been decent and it a bit expensive for a burger place but well worth it.
i loved it! there beer selection was very large and had different type of burgers. mine was on point and will def. re visit if im back in vegas!! waiter was a little slow but because we were in a large group we didnt even notice it!!!!
/BEGIN REVIEW/. THE BEST BURGER I HAVE EVER HAD!!! . /END REVIEW/. . Nothing more needs to be said.... well worth the money. Well worth the experience.. . I had burger combo... which includes "skinny" fries. We also ordered the assorted dipping sauces for an additional $2 bucks (well worth it). I also had an additional side of onion rings.... amazing! . . They have a HUGE beer selection, including many on tap. That's in addition to all the custom milkshakes you can conjure up! . . Here is my overall take on this place.. - It's Vegas! Most good food (especially in a report hotel) costs a few bucks more. . - It's a celebrity chef restaurant. Nuff Said.. - The prices are *not* stupid outrageous! I mean... have you ever eaten in a "Five Guys" restaurant?? You spend plenty for those burgers... and the Burger Bar is FAR superior for a few bucks more.. - The service was awesome.. . I had a great lunch here, and am anxious to come back when I am back in town.
I dream of this place sometimes at night, shamefully I devour each delicious bite of a  wagyu brgur with truffle sauce and frois gras. I know frois gois if evil, horrendous, etc etc, but is is sooo delicious. Crispy outside pink in the middle with a matching ground juicy burger below it. I could literally drink the truffle sauce, it's a-mazing. Even if you just dip your fries in it, just do not come here without ordering it. . . I ate the whole thing, on my own and stuffed to the gills I wanted more. I love the atmosphere, the service and I prefer to sit at the bar... hence burger bar, but if you must table it then you must table it.
Awesome Burger. I had the Buffalo! It was 17 bucks, but it was well worth it. Also ordered sweet potato fries, which were delectable.. . THere's a few different burgers to choose from, but you can't go wrong. Definitely the best meal I had in Las Vegas while I was there recently. Highly Recommended.
Great burgers, great prices. Had the Italian, with grass fed beef. Wife had the chicken and Brie. We shared the garlic fries, also delicious. If your seeing a show at ny ny, save your appetite for this place
BB is a great place to go for a unique experience not just another burger. Of course the prices are high but it's gourmet burgers not fast food. . You can customize any burger just the way you imagine it . It's worth every penny . . Cool spot to go on a date . A must if you love burgers
I've been trying to find a better burger than this....I can't find one!  If you got one, feel free to msg it to me.  And yes, I've tried Bachi/Holstein/etc.. . Reason why I am updating....NUTELLA SHAKES!. . Best thing ever...seriously...get one.  Its very smooth and refined...like they make it out of whipped cream instead of grinded up ice.. . If I could give this place 10 stars I would...so two 5 star reviews should do!
Nestled in between the Luxor and Mandalay Bay, Burger Bar is a haven for hamburger aficionados.  After a late night of partying on the Strip, Burger Bar is the best place to stop in and sober up (open until 1 AM on Friday and Saturdays).. . If you're coming for a regular meal, you can't go wrong with the American Classic burger, with cheese, bacon, onions and tomato.  But if you just want a quick bite, go for the sliders.  You get 3 different burgers:  two of them with different types of beef, the other with buffalo meat.  . . But to make your meal really special, get a milkshake.  Each time I come here, I get the Nutella milkshake, which is the bestmilkshake I've ever had.  For some reason, the milkshakes are better here, even better than the SF Burger Bar.  I don't know why, but they are.
They are what they're called! An awesome burger spot. I had a kobe beef burger and it was delicious! I could've eaten 2 of them! Well, at least my eyes could've! Lol. Ok so yea, if you want a good top of the line burger, be ready to pay up. This ain't no fast food chain. The fries were good too, I'd go back for sure!
Loved this place. I had the Hubert Keller Burger. The buffalo was nice and medium as i ordered it. Caramelized onions and some crumbled blue cheese were the perfect accessories to this already flavorful burger. It came with some auju on the side that was spot on.The onion rings were good but i really enjoyed the Mozzarella sticks, with a nice side of marinara sauce. I wish i was not full after the meal, i really wanted to try the Nutella shake, SOON!!
This place is amazing! They serve the best burger that I have ever had. Not only do they have your classic burgers but they have specialty burgers such as Kobe, Buffalo, burgers with lobster on them ect. If you are in Vegas and hungry stop by and try this place. It will be a little pricey, but you get what you pay for.
I was staying at the Mandalay Bay for a work retreat last weekend and had seen quite an array of restaurants in The Shoppes at Mandalay Bay. The Burger Bar was one of them and had an enticing concept - I could build my own burger. However, once I sat down, the menu itself with pre-determined types of burgers looked fantastic already. I could've built my own milkshake but their choices rocked already.. . So what did I do? I opted for a brewski while my co-worker couldn't resist the Nutella milkshake (seriously, a NUTELLA MILKSHAKE!). I snagged a bottle of Deschutes Black Butte Porter for $5 which wasn't too shabby considering it was Vegas. Her milkshake was probably around $8 and oh so delicious. It was creamy and full of Nutella goodness without being overwhelming. There was nice thick consistency to the drink that a lot of milkshakes seem to miss when they are too thin or too thick. My porter was nice and smooth but didn't pair all too well with my burger. Regardless, I enjoyed it!. . I opted to grab some buttermilk zucchini fries with my peppercorn burger (NatureSource beef with fresh and dried peppercorn, Dijon mustard, peppercorn cream, tomato, red onion, and lettuce) since I prefer them over regular fries. Aren't they healthier? Well anyhow, they were deep-fried to perfection and great with the ranch I asked the waitress for. The burger, now that was something. When you price a burger at $18, you get a lot of expectations from the client (well and again, it was Vegas). I think Burger Bar delivered. My peppercorn was just the right amount of peppery spice; I think the fresh peppercorn really gave a sweeter twist to the meal. The patty cooked medium rare really staved off my beefy desire as its natural juiciness made the meat so desirable. Paired with the creamy peppercorn sauce, it was fabulous burger. How did I deal with the guilt of such a huge burger? Whole wheat bun!
We always have to eat here when coming to Vegas.  Great Kobe beef cheese burger!!  If you wanna splurge on an extremely flavorful burger...BUY IT!  Don't put anything on it but cheese (Definitely No Ketchup) so you can taste the true flavor of it.  Their ice cream sundae are also very good with many different toppings.  Good eats peeps!!!
Kobe beef, shaved truffles, foie gras, Madeira sauce. How can you go wrong??!! Oh and a fried egg!!! This was absolutely the best damn burger I have EVER eaten!!!! Forget the $60 price tag... it was worth it!!!! This is one of those bucket list items. Highly recommend everyone have one once in their lives.
How the heck am I supposed to every enjoy a burger at another place now! Their burgers are far superior to any other I've ever had and I had the veggie burger LOL.  We were in town for EDC, on a one meal a day budget and this place was perfect for it.   The meals are huge and filled us up for the entire day.  The beer selection is excellent as well.  Would definitely come here again next time I'm in Vegas!
I have NEVER had such an amazing burger. The zucchini fries fries are also to die for. I long to visit Vegas again just so I can go back to BURGER BAR!!!
Food 5 stars . Service 3 stars. Atmosphere 4 stars. . This has to be one of the best burgers in town at a "Best Burger" price. You can get a basic burger for around $12 bucks, but I really recommend getting the Buffalo meat burger. The burgers are always cooked the way you ordered it and the flavor is always impressive. The service lacks a bit, but what do you expect when you go to a place on the strip. . . It's a fun place to meet up with a few buddies before a long night on the strip. . . The beer selection is pretty good too!
Food: 4.5. Service: 4. Ambience: 4. . :). Kobe burger. . :(. The burger is so good but tiny. Not enoughhh! I want moreee!. . Random Note:. Love the Kobe. I always built my own. And the burger came out to be abt $25-30 :p Get the truffle!
All you need to know: THE BEST SKINNY FRIES I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. EVER.  Perfectly cut, not greasy, perfectly salted, crunchy outside, soft hot inside. I ate every last one and I could have eaten more.. . So it is no secret that I love Hubert Keller.  I have the hugest crush on him with his French accent, charming smile, and gray ponytail.  And I don't typically crush on older men, that's a fact.  I also love how he's always adorably sweet and encouraging on the Top Chef shows.  And his PBS shows make it look easy to make souffle...yeah, right, but he makes it look easy.. . So we went to Burger Bar after an unintended visit to the airport to retrieve my BF's lost ID.  Ugh.  This place looks like an updated more upscale diner with booths, tables, and bar seating.  Get your fave type of seating and get ready to stuff yourself!. . Burgers are either "build your own" or Chef's burgers that are already designed with toppings, etc.  They even have veggie burgers and fish burgers so if you don't like beef you are still going to find something here.  I ordered the Hubert Keller burger that was buffalo meat with caramelized onions, baby spinach and bleu cheese on a ciabatta with red wine and shallots sauce.  If it is good enough for Hubert it is good enough for me.  The burger was perfectly medium rare and the entire thing was messy and dripping with savory juices from the sauce and the caramelized onions. It was delicious...and huge!  I didn't finish the entire thing but that may have been because I stuffed my face with fries.  The BF got the lamb burger.  This one is with secret spices, tomato, cilantro, and spicy burger bar ketchup.  It had a great spice taste, like Middle Eastern inspired flavor.  And the spicy ketchup - that is the stuff.  We ordered a separate order of that for our fries.  Not that the fries needed ketchup but damn that ketchup was good.. . I cannot stress enough how good those fries were.  I am a huge fan of skinny fries, crunchier the better, and dear God they were amazing.  . . If you don't want burgers, they do have salads and a chicken sandwich too.  They also have milkshakes, including BOOZY milkshakes.  If ONLY I had enough room for one of those too.  . . Service was good, our waitress was attentive and didn't let us go thirsty.  She also answered that Chef Keller was not there that weekend and told me I could keep up with his whereabouts (i.e. stalk him more effectively) on facebook.  She confirmed that he is a sweet guy just like I already knew.  The prices are pretty standard Vegas if you ask me which means it isn't gonna be the cheapest burger...mine was $22 if that tells you.  And the ketchup extra was $1.  But hey, that's how it goes.. . Next time you are in Vegas and want a casual atmosphere and a damn fine burger and the best fries EVER you need to come here.
Burger bar is bomb! Hubert Keller burger is bomb! Next time I'm in Vegas I'm trying the burger with foi gras in it...if I win money in Vegas though (it's a $60 burger)
I've been here three times now, and consistently...this place serves the best burgers I've ever had. It's expensive for hamburgers, but worth it. I actually look forward to visiting this place whenever I'm in Vegas because I haven't really found a place closer to home where I can grab a burger this good. The wait can take a while, but once you're seated...the service is usually pretty quick. Try one of the shakes....they're great too.
I had a beef hamburger on a sesame bun with sprouts, spinach, mozzarella, jalapeno bacon, and caramelized onions. I inhaled that burger! I also inhaled the skinny fries with the five sauce sampler. Portion control? Not a chance here.
I had a great burger with peppercorn bacon, American cheese on a wheat bun. It was so Delicious, the meat was so juicy and the peppercorn bacon was so good. We also tried fry sampler which you can choose 3 different type of fried food. I tried the macaroni and cheese croquet's OMG they where so good, i loved them so much.. . Over all experience was awesome, yes its kinda spendy. But you get for what you pay for. The ambiance of the restaurant is kinda sport bar/ pub. Try the spicy ketchup and the truffle mayo they are so good. . . I will definitely come back, great food + great service= happy me.
Amazing.  Went in to just grab something to eat and can say that this service was by far better then some fine dining establishments.  . Felt like royalty on how well and attentive the staff was with our needs.  We ordered the mac and cheese bites which were amazing and then a burger and shared it.  My husband had a beer and I had a vodka cran.  Everything was prompt and delicious.  We were table touched by three different servers walking by and then our own.  You would have thought we were royalty.  Wonderful place, would go back again!
Great spot!  They make awesome build your own burgers.  You wont be disappointed if you go here!
Burger joints all across the world must take a lesson from the pages of Burger Bar!!. . It's really hard to mess up a hamburger. Meat, buns, and extras. Boom. This place is the epitome of what a good burger is suppose to be. The meat is high quality, all of veggies are fresh and the size is filling. Not like those over-priced gourmet truffle burgers you find everywhere nowadays in LA. The menu selection is huge as well so your sure to find a burger of your liking.. . With the growing popularity of burger businesses (Stout, Umami, BLT burger at the Mirage, The Counter, Go Burger, etc.) there are many other burger places you can try in Vegas but this....this is the standard.. . Located at Mandalay Bay, you'll see it by noticing the looooooong lines up front. The five stars however is based on the food, however if I were to add the wait into the equation this place would be a three. Is the wait worth it? Try it for yourself.
Burger Bar: You had me at FOIE GRAS and BLACK TRUFFLES. . This is a great place for quality burgers. You can choose from one of the many different burgers on the menu or build your own. They have a ton of beers on tap,and a bunch of neat cocktails. I tried the Salted Caramel martini. Definitely very strong, but perhaps a little TOO salty for my taste. . . We tried a few burgers when we came in this weekend. . I ordered a Grilled Chicken burger on an onion bun with a fried egg and truffle mayo.. The grilled chicken was really tender and moist. The onion bun was fresh and sooo soft. The fried egg was perfectly runny, and the mayo was so darn tasty! There were flecks of black truffle in the mayo, giving the mayo an awesome kick of truffle flavor. YUM!. . The peppercorn burger was also a hit. The beef was cooked to a perfect medium with a hint of pink. They really piled on the peppercorns on the burger!  The sweet potato fries were fantastic as well. Probably some of the best ones I've had in a while.. . Of course, we had to order the ROSSINI BURGER with Foie gras and blacktruffles.  Yes it is $60, but SO WORTH IT. The richness of the foie gras and the bold flavor of the truffles added so much flavor to the tender Wagyu beef. This has got to be the BEST burger I've ever had. The beef was so tender and the flavors were just heavenly. Since the burger is 60 bucks, they let you choose any side you want with the burger and you also get a free dessert! We tried the mac and cheese croquettes and the chocolate dessert burger.  The croquettes were good, but paled in comparison to the burger. . . The chocolate dessert burger was really good. Awesome dessert that works so well with the burger theme. The warm donut 'bun' was really good. It worked so well with the nutella mousse (the patty) and the passion fruit jelly (cheese). The richness and the tartness balanced each other out very nicely. It was a great way to end our meal!. . Service was good. Our waiter was very nice, he was a little hard to track down, but  whatever, we were so focused on our food. I don't think we really cared. It's a little far from where I usually play on the strip, but it's a great place to get food on our way into or out of Vegas.
For us Californians Foie Gras is now illegal (as well as sharks fin and a bunch of other ridiculous crap). So I had to scratch this curiosity while I was in Vegas. I dragged my group 12 from Switzerland, Montreal, and California to Burger Bar because of the reviews and the fact that they had foie gras. All the beautiful ladies starting with the hostess treated my group very well. . . Our server, Harmony was great. She took my complicated order of customized burger with foei gras on the side, medium rare (as bloody red as I liked it), with avocado, sprouts, and skinny fries with a sauce sampler... *exhale. Everything was great, the food was delicious, and everyone enjoyed it. I want to thank Burger Bar for a great dining experience.
I've got to update because Burger Bar is still at the top of the burger game.. The Kobe style beef burger here(with caramelized onions, chopped jalapenos, and spicy ketchup) tastes like burger angels singing "Ode to Joy" in your burger-stuffed American mouth. It is so, so terribly good.. . The fry sampler allows you to choose 5 badass dipping sauces to coat your sides with. I found myself most impressed with the truffle mayo and cinnamon honey mustard. The sweet potato fries, zucchini fries, and pepper jack cheese shots are very impressive.. . Keep on keepin' on, Burger Bar.
Love their Kobe style burger; it's so moist and delicious.
One of my favorite spots for elite burgers.. . I usually splurge on the high end beef cuts when I go to Burger Bar...so I can't speak to the other products.  I love the gourmet options available.. . ...The beer selection cannot be overlooked here!  I know many beer snob that frequent Burger Bar for some unique beers they get from time to time...they always seem to have something wonderful to pour!
Loved this place!. *awesome music!. *you could catch the game in their booths. * he asked me how i liked it cooked n it turned out AMAZING! . BEST BURGER I'VE EVER HAD.. Definitely would come back here on my next trip to vegas :)
My hubby and I love this place. I swear I wanna eatthere every time I'm in Vegas lol. They have the best burgers anywhere. I've done the build your own with kobe beef I've had the Hubert Keller burger amazing the burgers are huge juicy and cooked to perfection. The bar is one of the best I've ever been to. They do an amazing caramel apple martin It's not on the menu anymore but the staff here is so great they will make it if you ask. The fry sampler is a must there regular fries are great crisp with a cream interior and the mac n cheese croquettes are yummy melting chees perfect pasta fried just right. The pepper jack cheese shots were also amazing with a nice punch of heat and the best zucchini fries I've had anywhere. We got ours with the sauce sampler I would highly recommend the basil aioli as a dipper and the spicy ketchup. If you go anywhere in vegas this is one of the must go super staff great food great drinks it doesn't get better then Burger Bar
Nothing bad to say about this place. The waitress was gorgeous and attentive and we both got their signature bison burgers (named after some chef). It had blue cheese, spinach and was wrapped in ciabatta bread. OMG it was heavenly. I think it was like a $20 burger but it's worth it.. . We asked what their seasonal Dogfish Head was and when she mentioned Dogfish Head 190, I was hooked. Of course this beer is $15 a glass but it's made once a year! We both splurged and had a helluva lunch.
Looooooove the burgers here. Can't go wrong with an angus beef, topped with foie gras and caramelized onions. The aioli is also very good - perfect for dipping or to lightly spread on your burger. . . As far as sides - they are all pretty good. The fried mac and cheese is over the top.. . Service is pretty good - quick and attentive. This is a must stop at Vegas!
I've had Burger Bar bookmarked after reading an article about the best burgers in the U.S., and finally got the chance to try it during my last Vegas round of shenanigans. My bookmark was for the Rossini burger, the most expensive item here, but I only realized that once I got home. If you're daring enough, give it a try. . . I see Burger Bar as a fancier version of The Counter. I try to eat as uniquely as possible, so being able to customize my own burger immediately grabbed my attention. You have a choice of 8 meats + 1 veggie, 6 buns, and 46 toppings. If this doesn't satisfy you, nothing will.. . I ended up getting the following:. . Lamb Burger "Murquez Style" + Sesame Bun + Cheddar Cheese + Grilled Shrimp + Pesto Sauce . . Where else can you get a combo like that? Upon first bite, the burger was nothing short of glorious. It's like the Vegas gods flew down from the top of the Mandalay Bay and presented me this burger on a golden platter. At that point of the night, I wasn't even drunk yet but my taste buds sent orgasmic chills throughout my whole body that had me ready to pass out from how delectable this burger was. The ground lamb is seasoned and cooked to perfection and presented to you in a pretty hefty patty. The shrimp are hefty and go together perfectly with the lamb, cheese and pesto. Whoever doesn't believe me needs to give it a try. The bun is perfectly toasted and has a slightly sweet but not distracting taste to it.. . To top it off, I got the Chocolate Cowboy Milkshake, which consists of whiskey, chocolate ice cream, chocolate, and whipped cream. Simple, yet so delectable. It may be pricey but it comes in such a huge glass that you'll need to summon your friends to finish. This goes perfectly with any burger. . . I don't care if my cholesterol shot through the roof that night. I'm too young to be thinking about that. As long as your taste buds are happy, your heart will be happy.
Deep inside of the Mandalay Bay hotel in the mall area. . Star sighting: E Vandor Holyfield (yes his ear was still there) and Karl Malone. . . ***burger was great, I just tried their normal burger with pepperjack cheese. Beef was flavorful and delcious! .  . ***deep fried pepperjack ball, I am a fan, super yummy!!. . A bit pricey but hey it's Vegas, spend your $$ on good food instead of losing it all!
Oh my! Burger heaven!. . Last day in Vegas culminated with a dinner at Burger Bar thanks to a suggestion of a co-worker. It was crowded but thankfully we were granted right away without a reservation. . I  LOVE the idea of constructing your own burger (meat, bun, condiments, sides). I went with the famous Kobe beef on a onion bun with grilled onions, fried egg, avocado, cheddar cheese, bacon (ended up leaving it out, it was taking away from the awesomeness of the burger). They had an extensive list of toppings to chose from.  Our burgers came within 20mn. Huge portion size. The meat was sooooo juicy and flavorful. . . Also tried the buffalo burger and black angus which were also great.. . sides to get: truffle mayo, Zucchini fries, sweet potatoe fries. . When you dine here, you leave Vegas with a bang.
Truly outstanding burgers and a great selection of beers. . The best burger in Vegas at a reasonable price.  Truly stellar meat - I chose the mid-grade USDA prime 'Naturesource' - combined with a great potato bun and fresh toppings to make a perfect, perfect burger.   It didn't hurt that they knew how to make a 'rare' burger - it was warm yet still red inside with a nice char on the outside.  The skinny fries were hot and crisp and the beers were excellent - an ale and a fairly obscure stout.. . The place is often packed - I chose to eat at the bar instead of waiting for a table.  I'm usually a bit leery of eating at the bar....but the bartender was excellent.  She was obviously used to people eating at the bar and knew how to give sufficient attention to someone needing both food and drink.. . As the evening wore on (I was waiting for a late show) I tried the pepper jack cheese shots.  I still don't know how much I liked them - they were crispy on the outside and nicely spicy but the inside consistency was kind of like a cheesy, potato-y, croquette.  I bit weird...yet yummy.
Gourmet build-a-burger, zucchini fries, Alcoholic milkshakes? Are you kidding me?! This is burgers all grown up!. . Hubert Keller's Burger Bar is know for the Rossini: Wagyu kobe beef, sauteed foie gras, shaved truffles, madeira sauce on an onion bun. At a whooping $60, it is the cheapest burger on the Top 10 Most Expensive Burger list (the most expensive being the Douche Burger at $666).. . I love foie gras, and since it was outlawed in CA (damn you), Vegas is my closest foie gras fix, of course I had to get it. Have to admit, the burger did not look impressive at all, I was on the verge of a huge disappointment until I took that first bite, and I was sold! Worth every penny! ok maybe not every penny, but def worth a one time try. Tender, sumptuous, juicy, luscious texture. Oh My GAWD! Comes with a side of seasalt and course ground pepper so you can season it to your own liking.. . At $60 they also throw in dessert, I got the chocolate burger: krispy creme donut, chocolate and nutella patty, kiwi slices, strawberry, and caramel to look like cheese. I was really full at that point so I didn't eat it, but it looks way cool!
I can't believe I haven't left a review for this place before. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. I get the Kobe burger every time. It's one of the best burgers I've ever had and comes out perfect every time. Prices are reasonable too. Everyone I've recommended this place to loved it. Even my sister who is a vegetarian found something she liked. Service is good. . . I usually sit at the bar and watch a game or SportsCenter. The atmosphere is great. It's in Mandalay Place which is also the walkway/mall that connects Mandalay Bay and Luxor. I go here almost every time I go to Vegas.
I got stuck facing the a$$ crack a Vegas douchenozzle while here. Despite the view, I licked my plate clean without skipping a beat.. . Now THAT'S a burger!!!. . P.S. Pull up your pants, buster. For f*ck's sake................
We LOVE the Burger Bar and it's a must visit during our Las Vegas trips. Last time we went we had a group of 6 and know that groups are always a challenge for servers. However our very friendly and helpful server got it ALL right and when we asked for the mayo we'd forgotten to order she promptly delivered it cheerfully to us. Several of us tried the peppercorn burger, it was perfectly cooked and seasoned. Food was hot, cooked correctly, served in a timely manner. We didn't leave a scrap!
My husband and I love this place! Their food is amazing and we always have such great servers. I have never been disappointed!
Try the beer float paddle. Needs chipotle aoli for the sweet potato fries,
Fabulous burger and shake! My waitress actually liked her job - and it showed   A bit of a wait to get in - but right across from Burger Bar is Lush - the best natural bath products in the world.
if you are into burgers and beer this is the place! my wife and i have been going to this eatery for the past seven years and have yet to be dissapointed. . . the burgers are freshly ground on site and you can choose from kobe, buffalo, black angus and they are cooked to order. . . there sides are awesome including the jalepeno bacon, fresh ground mustard, fries, etc.. . the service is always "spot on" and we usually sit in erins section who is the best waitress in vegas! . . check it out for a great meal at reasonable prices!
Oh how I love this place.I felt bad because I ordered the wings this time (burger sinner!) but they were still great.Very good beer selection.This place is always a go when we're in Vegas.
Another perfect night at Burger Bar.... . I don't bother writing additional reviews for restaurants I frequent fairly often (once every few months), but I found a winning combination I would like to pass onto fellow yelpers.... . Because the Black Angus burger is so juicy and cooked to perfection EVERY time, I very rarely splurge for the Waygu.... . But this allows some extra spending money towards all the toppings to be desired!  I've tried the lobster (good but the combination doesn't do much for me), and most of the dressings and tops....but tonight I tried the Foie Gras!. . The Foie Gras is soooo savory...almost too much in fact on its own IMO, but when combined with a super juicy medium rare burger, the stars align and bliss is ensued.  I don't know why they work so well together, but if you like foie gras, you owe it to yourself to try it on the burger.  I, in fact, had small reservations about trying it with the burger...thought it would be mismatched....I was happily proven wrong.. . I topped it off with a peppercorn cream sauce, and it filled in the gaps of an amazing meal.. . You can't go wrong here...seriously.  I have never had bad service, wrong orders, or food cooked without perfection.. . Don't forget the Nutella shake!!!  One of my all time best foods I have ever consumed!
I love their food here, the service is always excellent, the drinks are always good! I mean you can't really ask for more right?!?!!? If your at the Mandalay Bay or THEhotel, it's almost a must!!!
This is a review only for their happy hour.  . . Between 2 of my girlfriends and I, we ordered all the appetizers on the HH menu and a drink each.  As for drinks, 2 of us had the Summertime Splash which had gin in it and 1 of us had the Strawberry Mojito.  Both drinks were very yummy and I don't even like gin usually.  We could hardly taste the alcohol, so we asked the bartender if there was a lot of alcohol and he said yes.  He actually added an extra shot of alcohol in our drink after we said that, but honestly, I enjoyed the original much better.  Needless to say, the bartender and the other servers were all very friendly.. . For the HH menu, there was a truffled grilled cheese sandwich, burger sliders, pulled pork sliders and buffalo wings.  Every item was good.  The meat in the sliders was moist and flavorful.  My favorite was the buffalo wings.  It was not the traditional saucy buffalo wing that you might picture.  They were prepared with a dry rub, but was not at all tough or dry.  It was the best buffalo wings I've ever had.. . I definitely recommend this place and would love to go back the next time I'm in Vegas again.
I LOVE this place. and when I say love, I say that with complete honestly. Everything I have had here is simply amazing. Let's start the long list:. . - Macaroni & Cheese Croquets: Fried Macaroni & Cheese. Do you really need to ask why this is so amazing? . - Zuchini Fries: Yum. I'm always looking for something different than the standard fries. These always hit the spot. - Fat AND Skinny Fries: I really like that they give you a choice, cause I feel like everyone has a preference!. - Buffalo Burger: Flarvorful, Juicy, something DIFFERENT than the standard Angus. - Lamb Burger: The spices they use really bring out the flavor of the lamb. It's the perfect amount of spicy. Again, something different that actually competes with the angus. - Angus: Great quality of meat!! Flavorful, juicy, and always cooked just the way you order it. I perfer mine Medium, with a little pink, and it's always perfect!. . I also like that you can build your burger with whatever sounds good that day. I love blue cheese and bacon, with the aioli. The caramelized onions, or simply how it come. OH, and the ciabatta bun is what I always put it on. Chewy, soft, and toasted. Always compliments the burgers to perfection.. . AND the BEST THING TO ORDER HERE HANDS DOWN.... Drum roll please..... THE SALTED CARAMEL MILKSHAKE. Yes, save room, cause this is what I always want to come here for! OMG, split it with your table, or keep it to yourself, either way this is my favorite thing ever. I'm drooling just thinking about it. Creamy milkshake, salty goodness to balance it out, the sweetness from the caramel. 'nuff said.
This place is amazing- simply. Their veggie burger is awesome! It doesn't fall apart when you pick it up, and it's not soggy. The flavor of it is very nice and filling. The sweet potato fries are the best I have ever had- a lot of places do not know, or care, to make a great sweet potato fry. I got the Nutella milkshake and it was soooo good! Not only that but I have dreams of their burger desserts: the first one is a Nutella patty on a donut bun with passion fruit gelatin, kiwi and strawberries- the second is a donut bun with a cheesecake custard and pineapple slice (it tastes like an pineapple upside down cake). . It can get VERY pricey if you don't watch what you are doing. You can build your own burger and shake if you want, but BEWARE- it will be more expensive to do so than if you go with their featured foods. . Example: the Nutella milkshake was 7.00 (all milkshakes are, but for the Salted Caramel which is 8.75), if I wanted to make my own the ice cream to start with is listed as 7.00. Syrups and toppings range from 30 cents to 1 dollar. Add whip cream? 1 more dollar. Liquor? WAAAAY more than a dollar. So, unless you feel like raking out nearly twenty bucks, go with one of their featured shakes.
Four of us went here and had a great time.  What really impressed me was that our waitress (Harmony) and the manager (Randy) really understand taking care of customers.  They brought our appetizers but forgot to bring the sauces.  They gave us a free drink and more appetizers.  I had the buffalo burger and it was really good.
Yes it was pricey Bui had to try that burger. The Kobe one. Juicy melt in your mouth one that came with a donut burger dessert that was sweet and tart at the same time. I would eat it again. Delicious.
We picked this restaurant with the intention to have a casual meal on Friday night before a "fancy" dinner Saturday night. We LOVED the Burger Bar. Everyone ordered something different and everyone finished their entire plate. We loved the option to build your own burger, my husband ordered the surf and turf burger and said it was the best burger he has ever had and trust me he has had many. We ordered the fry sampler with onion rings, steak fries and fried zucchini and we enjoyed them all. The best thing about the restaurant was the huge beer selection, my husband loves dogfish head beer and they had a large selection available at the bar for $5 dollars I think until 7 when happy hour ended. . . The server was very attentive and friendly, they seated 8 of us immediately on a Friday night and were patient when we all had questions about the menu. . . We will go back!
I was introduced to this place by a friend while i lived in vegas for almost a decade. Located inside Mandalay Bay it is in their upstairs shopping area and has a great atmosphere. Service was great and booths are nice and roomy and four of us adults sat comfortably in there.. . Burgers were great as were the sides and drinks. I ordered a custom made burger which does add up when you start piling on things like pineapple and different cheeses. Also added some foie gras to my burger which was delish.. . The only gripe i have which i assume has nothing to do with the restaurant itself is that Yelp* has this as a $$ which i think it should be a $$$ considering there cheapest burger is in the $19 range. Other than that i have always had a great experience there and now that i live out of state Burger Bar is a must whenever i go to Las Vegas which is usually twice a year.
Just ate at Burger Bar. I had a Kobe burger rare with pepper bacon Monterey Jack, avacado and a fried egg. It was amazing. We also drank a bottle Justin Isosceles Reserve Wine ( there was no corkage ). This is the best burger in Vegas.
Hubert is a classy chef! I had nothing but high expectations for his food, especially his burger. I have seen his over the top, expensive burger in his other restaurant, I just knew he would be able to pull it off. After just having two over priced dry sliders at Holsteins Burgers, I did not want to consume any more beef. I was surprised Burger Bar offered a salmon burger. I ordered it cooked well done, which worried me, I believed it would be dry flaky salmon. When the burger arrived, to my surprise the salmon steak was very thick. I was expecting more of a salmon patty. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned, I dove right in. I ordered it with garlic aioli, spinach, and avocados. The bread was the perfect thickness to contain the juiciness of the salmon. The fries were also amazing, fresh and lightly seasoned. Nothing like Holstein's potato twigs. To add the the amazing food, the service was spot on. The server was attentive and polite. There was absolutely nothing wrong with his restaurant. I could find no critique. I would be happy to go again and have a different burger and try one of his shakes. I did not get to try a shake because I had a Mai tai, which tasted very sweet and then punched you with the rum.
ok hubby was craving burger so I yelp but that morning I was watching TV and they were talking about this place so perfect, the wait is long but of course if bar available you go ahead, the prizes might scared you the most expensive burger is $60, hubby order the Hubert ke that one is $22, I order a caramel latte so good $9.25,and I order the vegas vegan it was big but good also the salad the wedge so good only thing is that I don't like blue cheese but hubby said that it taste better with it. so if you want to eat burget it here just remember is $$$$$
This Burger Bar is much better than the one in Union Square, San Francisco.. . Kobe - med rare. Seared Foie Gras. Potato Bun. Black Truffle Sauce. . No fries.. . Burger cooked perfect and piping hot.  Sauce as well.. . Awesome flavors, blended so good.
Wow, This place is awesome. I went to the one in SF and the food was great but this one has such a great vibe and atmosphere. They have a huge beer list that I love and the SHAKES are awesome and the kids loved them. I had asparagus, prosciuto and a fried egg on my burger. I built it, i loved it. Our server's name was Krystal. She did a great job of helping my wife pick a glass of wine and she gave some extra attention to my son. Every time we go to Vegas we will visit.
This place is the best thing about Mandalay Bay. The burgers are delicious and the shakes are really good too. It's gonna take more than this to get me back into Mandalay Bay (see MB review for details) but if I'm craving a burger in Vegas, I would go here.
Probably the best burger I have ever had! But if I had one knock on the Burger Bar, it would be the service. I have been here at least 20 times and about half we get a really horrible server. Good thing I go for the food.
My husband & I stayed at Caesar's & thought we would check out the casinos on the way doen the strip, then go to Bachi Burger.  As the tram was pulling in to Mandalay Bay, I saw the advertisment for Burger Bar.  We figured we would check it out as it was there & not a cab ride away.  We got there before it opened, checked out the menu & decided to stay.  When it opened, we decided to sit at the bar.  On a Friday, the restaurant was full within 20 minutes.  We took our time, ordered a beer sampler before lunch.  Both ordered build your own with the Kobe beef and potato buns.  I went simple with smoke gouda & the chipotle aoili, with sweet potato fries.  Husband got the peppercorn sauce, avocado & american cheese with skinny fries.  Medium rare.  Very pink in the middle, but the meat was so melt in your mouth my husband (who likes things a little more well done than I) didn't care.  The sweet potato fries were the best I have ever had.  The staff did not rush us, even though there was a bit of a line forming & every seat was taken.. Next time we will split a burger & try a shake - they looked too good & you have your choice of spirited or not.. Also, the pickle spear is a perfect dill.. See you in April!!
Long wait but worth it. The food was great. I love a place that let's you build your own burger with things that are so yummy, I had a hard time choosing! Reasonable, good food, great service!
My most memorable burgers have come from here. You can't go wrong.
The food here is always pretty good. It's also pretty decent for a vegetarian as well. The best part about this place is the beer. I always find some of the more hard to find Dogfish Head brews at this place. I always stop by this place when I'm in Vegas. The hard part is deciding between Hussong's or Burger Bar for food, which are both very amazing restaurants that are located right next to each other.
This place is very goood! I ended up building my own burger instead of picking one from the chefs menu. I had a Black Angus beef with buttermilk zucchini fries and a Chimay Blue. Yummmy!!
great!
My 5 stars are for the Rossini burger ALONE, nothing else, not the service or anything else on the menu.. Kobe beef, sauteed foie gras, shaved truffles, Madeira sauce, on onion bun - are you kidding me? I know to some people it may sound over the top - but it was EXCELLENT. One of the best burgers I have ever had. It is quite pricey, but I would pay that amount of money to taste those flavors again. Unforgettable, indescribable... too much goodness in one burger. . Thank you Chef Keller for creating this tangible dream.. (July 2012)
Had a party of 20 here last night!. . BB management and staff were more than accommodating, and our night went extremely smooth and amazing as always!  The food and service here is great, whether I come here by myself or with 18 other Yelpers!. . I came up with a new creation.  I call it, the Shawn H. Burger!  Give it a try :P. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/burger-bar-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#bf50r1MXyZaFeASlyngAiA. . Angus on Ciabatta, Foie Gras, Truffle Mayo, Black Perigord Truffle Sauce! My best combination and burger to date!!. . I usually spend the money on Angus here, because even their most basic burger trumps the other guys in town.  I've had their Waygu here, but it is NOT necessary, and I'd rather spend that extra $7-8 towards the Foie Gras personally!. . The Foie Gras melts in your mouth, and is like butter on top of your burger!  The truffle mayo is perfection on top of everything and blends perfection in each bite.  The Black Perigord Truffle Sauce was very subtle, but it adds to the moisture in the bread.  You could skip this last element if you need to, but make sure you have the other options!. . And the ciabatta is the perfect bread to absorb those medium rare juices...staying firm and keeping your hands clean, even with all those juices hitting the plate.. . And don't forget to finish with a Nutella Shake!  One of the best things you'll eat if you are a nutella fan!
I love Burger Bar any time my friends come to visit I always make a trip here! I have never had bad service, bad food, or had to wait very long. The beer is always great there are always different selections for you to chose from. I love that you can create your own burger. The meat selection is always fresh mouth watering goodness. Prices are ok, but this is the strip and its high quality beef so its priced at a reasonable amount. Oh and they have little TVs in EVERY BOOTH!! How could you go wrong with that?. . I have ordered a few things here, all consistent and great.. Kobe beef burger which was great, came out perfect for med rare. Not too bloody not too well done. I kept it simple with cheese, lettuce, tomato, and NO SAUCE! Onion rings which where amazing and the Number 9 beer went great with this meal.. . The next time I got a USDA organic beef burger. Pretty standard, except I threw on some blue cheese, caramelized onions, lettuce, and no other sauces. A-MAZING!! Not as juicy as the Kobe wagu burger but up to par with what I was expecting. The beer I can not remember since it was a recommendation from my service who got it spot on, it was excellent. I order the Zucchini which by the way with there ranch was sooooo good.  I've never ordered a shake here but they are spouse to be good as well.. . Great burger joint in a very uncrowded little strip of the mall, the walk there is longer from parking but not that bad. Make the trip its worth it and if you do have to wait, there is a lush cosmetics store where you can get face mask, soap and just browse to kill time.
We have been going to this burger bar before burger bars were all the rage. Now in Vegas you can pretty much eat at an upscale burger joint in almost every casino. We continue to come back to this one time and time again. I love the sweet potato fries and the burgers are simply the best. I love the Kobe beef burger and my husband loves the burger with a ton of blue cheese. The service has always been great as well. It can get busy at times so you might have a bit of a wait but there is a bar and the beer is good too!
Discovered The Burger Bar this weekend and had the best damn turkey burger EVER! I'm totally willing to overlook almost being locked the restaurant when I went to the restroom (actually we all got a good chuckle out of this). GREAT JOB GUYS...I'll be back!
I must say that Hubert Keller can definitely make some stellar burgers. . . The Burger Bar is LOCATED in the Mandalay Palace (Between The Mandalay Bay and Luxor walkway) is one of my favorite places to get a burger in LV. One, I love the . . QUALITY OF MEAT. They have great choices to choose from such as Angus, Lamb, Buffalo and my favorite Kobe. Not only is the meat good, they also have great buns. I think they work out a lot. PRICES here are very reasonable and in my opinion, excellent for the quality of food. If you a balla or if you just won a few bucks gambling then I would recommend you try the ROSSINI. It's a 60 dollar burger that is made with Wagyu Beef and foie gras.  I can tell you that it's worth it (If your a burger lover and like foie gras that is) Similar to other burger joints, the Burger Bar offers specialty burgers or you can customize your own. My recommendation would be to do both if your with someone else or if your really hungry. . . The ENVIRONMENT here looks like  your average bar and grill. Dim lighting and lots of TV's.  They even have TV's in every booth. This place has always been crowded and there was always a wait list whenever I ate here. I have said this in many of my other reviews but if you don't like to wait then go and eat early to beat the crowd. . . The SERVICE has been good on both visits. They took care of us well which was pretty impressive considering how busy they get.. . Overall, I can always count on this place to satisfy my burger needs whenever I am in LV.  I give this place 5 stars because I believe that the quality of food for the PRICE to go along with their SERVICE is worth it.
The best veggie burger ever. It doesn't get better than the Burger Bar. Everything is delicious and made to order. If you have room left after chowing down the best burger you'll have, get one of the yummy milkshakes to go. So good!
With all the hip, new burger joints popping up everywhere (especially on the strip) this one still setsthe bar. Friendly service and amazing burgers with a good beer selection.
the burgers were absolutely delicious definitely one of the best burgers i've ever had the pleasure of eating. you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. but what actually made me write this review and give this place a 5 star rating were our servers Erin and her twin sister Ashley. actually it was pretty crazy cuz at first we didn't realize that they were twins and that more than one person was our server. there were times where she'd exit from the right side of the restaurant and two seconds later magically appear from the left side. i swear for a while i thought she had some kind of teleporting super power and i'd found a real live mutant (x-men reference).   the service they provided was absolutely brilliant my glass literally never reached the bottom without either of them coming to our table to refill our drinks our orders were taken right away and arrived relatively quickly. they were so nice and friendly and awesome. These women definitely deserve a raise or a promotion or something because the service they provided at this burger joint was even better than the service i've gotten in much fancier much more expensive fine dining restaurants. if you're ever at Burger Bar look for either Erin or Ashley (or bothe of them) and i will guarantee that your dining experience will be as good as the transcendentally excellent burgers.
Amazing beer, amazing burgers, and SUPER amazing sauces!!! It was delicious and I will be back!
If you love options, you're at the right spot.  You can get a burger that can help keep your girlish figure or you can add foie gras and truffles and then go jean shopping after.  Overall, one of the best spots to grab a bite on the strip and you wont break the bank.
Great selection of build your own burger options. Yummy onion rings, great fries and the shakes are pretty damn good too
A must go anytime in vegas. Gourmet burgers and huge selection for making your own. I have heard the service isn't as good the last few years but my experiences have been the best every time. Girls don't like slutty girls, we judge, it just happens. And all the girls working there purposely have extremely low pants, stomach showing low cut black tanks with lots of make up and so my initial thought was....figures, vegas. BUT, all the girls have fantastic customer service and do a great job, so i figure go on with your hot selves. But it's the burgers and milkshakes that keep me coming back. There is one that opened up in SF but the vegas one is still better!
It was great! I got the buffalo burger, it was amazing!
I can't believe I waited so long to try Burger Bar.  But then again anything worth having is worth waiting for.  This Hubert Keller establishment is less expensive than his other restaurants.  Since, I enjoyed his Fleur burger when I went to Fleur a few months ago, I had to get a similar burger at Burger Bar.. . Anold friend raves about the Nutella milkshake and he knows how much I love Nutella so eventhough I'm lactose intolerant, I had to get a Nutella milkshake.   It came before my meal came so I was basically having dessert before entree - and there's absolutely nothing wrong with that.  I was instantly addicted to it.  My friend had to pry it from my tiger claws.  It's a chocolate and Nutella milkshake with chocolate whipped cream topped with whole hazelnuts.  Definitely the best milkshake ever!!!. . I got the Rossini burger (Kobe beef, foie gras and black truffles on onion bun) with Skinny Truffle fries.  It's $60 but you have to consider the fact that you're getting the best burger you could ever have plus, it includes fries and dessert!  Fleur charges the same price for  the same burger but your dessert won't be free!  So, for what you're getting, it's definitely worth the price.  The friend copied what I got except he had Fat Truffle fries.  The Skinny and the Fat fries were equally good.  . . The free dessert that came with our Rossini burgers, we got a white burger and a chocolate burger.  The white burger has cheesecake with fruits on a Krispy Kreme doughnut.  The chocolate burger has a Nutella fudge "patty" with passion fruit gelee "cheese", kiwi and strawberries.  They were good but I'm biased towards anything with Nutella so the chocolate burger was a clear favorite.. . The service was excellent as well.  Our server Gina checked on us from time to time.  She remembered having a Yelp event there a month ago.. . It was an awesome first experience for me and I want more Nutella milkshake!!!
Just Eat! . Was there again today. This is no doubt the go to place for the complete Burger experience.  I maintain the 5 star rating on many points. Service, beer choices, cleanliness, etc. No need to go in depth on the menu as you can see for yourself. However the latest addition of the Lamb patty is welcomed and well worth it. . Build your own, choose from the Chefs menu. No matter. Add a side from several great choices. . In addition, the beer list alone could keep the lights on. Domestic lite beer drinkers, I recommend you go beyond yourself and try a great tasting, well, anything else.  Not being one who easily gives 5 stars anywhere. Burger bar should receive 6. . Not to end on a negative but if you're looking for a quiet dining experience this isn't it.  It's a party for all your senses. . Dig in.
I held my post-wedding dinner at the Burger Bar this last weekend, and I couldn't be more delighted with my experience. The incredible service began with Lisa and the pre-planning process. She set expectations right from the start, made the reservation process seamless, and everything she promised was fulfilled the day of the event (down to the personalized menus she created).. . On the day of, we received amazing service. The two servers that catered to our 40+ party were efficient, fast, and very accommodating. They took extra care to make sure that our questions were answered and that each of our guests received personal treatment. They even went the extra mile to serve the cupcake tier that we had pre-delivered to the restaurant.. . And of course, who could forget the food! From the Buffalo Burger and the Cobb Salad to the Crabby Patty kids burger, everything we ate was delicious (you have to get the spicy mustard!). I would recommend Burger Bar to any group big or small. You can't go wrong.
It's kind of pricey - but the burgers and fries are to die for and the alcoholic shakes are a must - Patrick is an awesome bartender!
Excellent burgers, beers, fries - regular and sweet potato options! . Had to wait a couple of times to get into this place- go early afternoon for an easy walk in meal then your all set to party till late night.  Burgers made from bison, turkey, beef etc. Bun options , great toppings etc. Its all good!   Can  you tell I like burgers!!. Now go get one when your in VEGAS.
After a hard day's work at a convention floor - my officemates decided on eating here for dinner. I saw that they had a Veggie Burger, so I was content with eating here. There was a 15 minute wait when we got there around 1900 on a Thursday evening, so we just waited outside. 15 minutes does pass by quickly while strolling around the strip mall, and soon enough, we were seated at a booth. Our waitress offered drinks, which I decided on a beer. . . One thing on the menu is how there are many options, ranging from all sorts of protein, ranging from beef, chicken, salmon, lamp, buffalo, or even Kobe Style, not to mention the house veggie style. There's even assorted bun types  (including gluten free) and a half page of toppings to consider. Talk about options, and letting my mind go nuts with all of the variables to consider.. . I settled on getting the house veggie burger, with a potato bun, and sweet potato fries. Check out my pictures to see what it looks like. :-) The veggie burger was moist and tasty. The texture of the patty was offset by the texture of a perfectly toasted bun, with spicy ketchup and jalapenos.  A good amount of textural contrast, along with flavor contrast as well. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal, and it was a nice way to end the evening.. . However, one of my officemates decided to go all out and try the $60 Rossini Burger. Upon first bite of this burger, he was filled with glee and happiness. So much pleasure in enjoying a burger comprising of Kobe Style Wagyu beef from Australia, accompanied with foie gras, shaved truffles,  black perigord Truffle sauce. I mean - there was a lot of taste in that burger. The waitress herself said (and I agree with her) that, if you ever stop here, try this burger. It's all about the experience, not about the money. Just try it once, and then savor the experience forever. . . Next time I'm in Vegas, I will strongly consider eating this Rossini Burger, just for the experience. . . Service was top notch! Waters were kept filled, offered additional beers when it was warranted, overall, just checked-in on everyone while the entire restaurant was very busy. . . ==Tip==. Access to the bathroom is way in the far back of the restaurant; go past the second half of the bar. Pass a door, turn left, head down a hall way, and bathrooms on the right. The bathrooms are shared between multiple restaurants. The bathrooms were cleaned during my visit - plenty of paper towels to use.
Great burgers, good beer selection. Priced about what you'd expect from an upscale burger place in Vegas. One thing though...the dessert burgers are amazing. Both the chocolate one with Nutella and the cheese cake one were crazy good. They are too good to pass up!
Best lunch I've ever had. Got the Kobe burger and beer float sampler. If you haven't had beer floats before, don't worry. These are awesome. And the burger was probably the best I've ever had. Go here. You won't regret it.
Quite expensive for burgers, but so worth it. I had the Hubert Keller Burger - oh my word! Incredible, messy, beyond words really. There is definitely a reason he puts his name on this burger. It was my first buffalo meat experience and I wouldn't change a thing about it although I was admittedly nervous about trying buffalo! My husband had a build your own with Kobe, bacon, and cheese. He was certainly not disappointed! We had the skinny fries as well, nice and crispy. Felt like the wait staff was a little on the snobby side, but I was too busy focusing on the incredible taste experience going on in my mouth to notice :)
Wulnut say go here. I call you today to request you that this place is god. Place again look like regularity bar but win absolutely. I order Kobe Bryant beef and sweet potato sticks and killed drinks and its good. Line was long liking magnificent jindepet but still worthed weight in nugget. Wide selection of killed drinks in here at present. Price is averaged so wallet can't be mess. Supreme part was that they having several types of monster bacon feisty peppered monster bacon brode my wraist.  Pro monster coach advice say order black truffle fries that are not having perfectly on menu but secret black society style menu that is something to know for a long time that most people don't know. Yum so strog thank you wulnut say ok 5/5 contro
Hubert Keller is a genius! I loved being able to build my own burger with the best ingredients out there. I topped mine with a fried egg, prosciutto, smoked gouda, and some greens. Mmmmm! The beer list was also impressive. This place is the best for lunch - just don't forget to make a reservation!
Delicious!!!  Total splurge but so worth it!
I thought I made great burgers.  I now think I make good burgers.. I had the Kobe burger with cheddar, blue cheese and sauteed onions.  My wife had the Hangover burger.  We both thought they were extraordinary!  My wife's fries were very good and my onion rings average at best.  We ate at the bar and our server was very animated and funny though he disappeared near the end of our meal and we finished with another server (odd).
I am a fan of the burger, and the burgers at Burger Bar are in the top 3 best burgers I've ever had in my life.  The really cool thing about this place is you can customize the burger to put whatever you want on it, from the meat (beef, lamb, kobe, or bison) to cheese to the type of bun to the saucr to about 40 or so different toppings.  My go-to burger is the bison burger with blue cheese, avocado, shaved black truffles, and pesto mayonaisse.  It is absolutely amazing, and not too too expensive, which is a rarity in Vegas.  I make it a point of coming here at least once every time I go to Vegas, which is about once or twice a year, and I've come maybe 8-10 times at this point.  The last time I was in Vegas (for my birthday last year), my wife and I came here and also tried the fry sampler for the first time, which comes with regular fries, sweet potato fries, and I think steak fries, and you get a choice of I think 5 sauces of whatever you want off the sauce menu (we got pesto mayo, BBQ sauce, chipotle aioli, and a couple others), and it was also really good.  We left this place stuffed and happy (and leaving somewhere in Vegas happy is never a sure thing).
Burger Bar is my favorite place to get a burger on the strip! I love the bison burger! Its a must!
I've been eating at burger bar since I was 18 years old,  I used to work in the Mandalay place mall called savage and that was the place we ate at every other day! I love it!
Look, when you've grown tired of the $8 imports at your hotel bar, find your way to Burger Bar for some of the best beer in Las Vegas. Sampled a dozen or so during two trips the week before last, and was particularly impressed by both the Belgian and the East Cost (i.e. - Dogfish) selections. 25 drafts and 100 bottles - I think that's right. Enjoyed both meals - the second was an All-American burger followed by the Dessert Burger - one that must be tasted to be believed. Friendly, attentive staff. Quality food. Outstanding beer selection. Reasonable prices. I'll be back.
I LOVE Burger Bar. So much. As a local, I really try to avoid the Strip as much as possible. But this place has become a staple in my family. When we think burgers, we think Burger Bar...so it's well worth the drive down the Strip to get there.. . Depending on when you go dictates how long the wait is. We've waited anywhere from 10 minutes to over an hour. They won't seat you unless everyone in your party is present (which I can appreciate, having worked in the restaurant industry), so if you're waiting for people to arrive, I recommend at least getting your name on the list. That way, when everyone DOES arrive, you can just let the hostess know your party is ready and your wait time will be shortened.. . It's usually pretty loud in there. If you're looking for a quiet meal, this definitely isn't the place to go. It's got a bit of a sports bar feel to it, with sports games playing on both the big screens and the small TV screens inside the booths. But everybody always seems to be having a good time, and I can still manage to have a conversation with my table without having to shout at anybody.. . They have the Chef's burgers menu, and also have build-your-own options for burgers and milkshakes (both alcoholic and not). They have non-beef options, such as chicken, turkey, or salmon. They even have a veggie burger and a specialty vegan burger, along with various salad options for all the non-meat eaters out there. All of the Chef's burgers come with skinny fries, but you can change those out for any of their other side options. (I usually opt for sweet potato fries.) If you do a build-your-own, you can add on those side options for $3-6.. . I personally am OBSESSED with the Hubert Keller burger. I mean, I dream about this burger. I wake up craving it. And then I bug everyone I know to give me an excuse to go get one. It's a buffalo burger topped with sauteed baby spinach, caramelized onions, and blue cheese. Each component on that burger compliments every other component. It comes with a Red Wine Shallot reduction on the side, and it just puts the burger over the top. It took a couple visits for me to get my dad to try it (he was scared of buffalo meat for some reason), but I practically shoved a bite down his throat and now he's hooked. Buffalo meat is amazing!. . A close second (in my opinion) would have to be the Peppercorn burger. If you're a fan of pepper and mustard, THIS is the burger for you.. . Then of course, there are the milkshakes. Holy crap! So yummy! I've had both the Nutella and the Salted Caramel milkshakes. Both are sooo delicious. When ordering shakes "for here" they are decorated beautifully. Very artistic. But you can also order them to-go, and they'll put it in a plastic cup with a nice wide straw so you can take it with you. . . I also recommend the Creamy Cheese Cake burger. This is a dessert alternative to the milkshake, filled with sweetened cream cheese and caramelized pineapple. The "bun" is made with fresh donuts! Mmm Mmm! They're a little small though, so...unless you just want a bite, I recommend skipping the "Let's split a dessert" part of the conversation and just keep it all to yourself.. . We've never once had a bad experience here. Our servers have always been friendly, they are mindful of any modifications we make, and our burgers are always cooked to perfection. Service CAN be a little slow though. Depending on how busy they are, it may be hard to track down said server for drink refills or extra sauce. And once they take your order, you can expect to be sitting there twiddling your thumbs for 15-20 minutes with nothing on the table but beverages. (There is also a longer wait on the dessert burgers.) But! They DO cook everything to order, so it's completely understandable and well worth that wait.
My group and I ordered 3 Kobe beef burger with foie gras, total turned out to be around $200 because we ate wayyyy too much. . . Foie Gras- ummm, not the best experience I've had. i drenched it in the burger sauce because I couldn't taste the scrumptiousness of the foie gras. I wouldn't recommend Burger Bar if you're solely here for that.. . The nutella sandwich- which is essentially a chunk of nutella squeezed between two donuts and gelatin is a heart attack on a platter. Just make sure you exercise for the next 3 days so you don't die, because it's really yummy!
BEST burger ever.... You must try this place it's an experience. Go there hungry you are not going to be disappointed....
This is #2 out of the best burgers ever #1 is in NYC  and #3 is in NJ.  I had the Kobe Beef burger and it was amazing.  If you are in the area and want a memorable burger this is the place.
The Best Burger I have ever had. No question! Service could be a little better. The place was pretty busy at the time and it took a little to get served. But once you get the food you forget any small things!
Definitely one of the top five burgers of my life and I have had a few.. . Natural source beef, smoked Gouda cheese, pepper bacon, and truffle mayo.  Order that and thank me later.. . Beyond the phenomenal food Burger Bar gets five stars for the following reasons.. . 1.Our waiter Sergio (I think) took great care of us.  Good recommendations and excellent timing.. . 2.  The prices are cheap by Vegas standards.  Burgers for two with a fry sampler and a few beers came in around ~50$.. . 3.  The hostess made a mistake and seated us in a section that was set to be occupied by a large group.  We were seated for maybe 5 minutes when the manager came over, apologized profusely and politely asked us to move a few booths down.  Our group was fine with his apology and had no problem with moving.  He insisted on knocking 20% off our bill which was an unneeded but nice gesture.  The manager also made sure to check on us and seemed genuinely concerned that we had a good time (which we did).. . 4.  They had an excellent beer selection.  Over the last few years I have been happy with good beers making their way to Vegas and Burger Bar has jumped on that bandwagon.  I had a few Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA and there were three or four more beers I would have gladly ordered.. . . Burger Bar.... we will definitely be back.
i try to come to this place evertime i come to vegas love there hamburgers cant go wrong with this place check it out
Aesome burgers
I came back to Burger Bar on my most recent trip to Vegas. Why? Because I had an amazing burger on my first visit. Vegas has a million different restaurants and some exceptional burgers. I was pretty eager to try BurGR by Gordon Ramsay but ended up deciding to come back to Burger Bar. I'm pretty pleased with my decision.. . While I typically like to try new menu items on a return visit to a restaurant, I knew I wanted another Hubert Keller Burger. Just like my previous visit, it was flawless.. . I had initially dinged Burger Bar a star because I thought service was mediocre and the cleanliness level was lacking. I'm pleased to report that everything was spotless, no sticky residue anywhere, and service was spot-on. . . Perhaps next trip to Vegas I'll branch out and try another burger spot.... maybe...
Super good burgers! Went there after a concert and the people there were super friendly. Took our order quickly, I went to the bathroom and when I got back, I sat for two minutes before our food was there. Loved it! No complaints here.
One of my clients recommended I try this place out and it was great - it did not disappoint. Get the classic burger on the menu - I believe its called the american? Get the truffle mayo - it is so worth it. This is located between mandalay and the luxor. Give it a try!
What can I say about this place that hasn't been saidby 1500 other people? Hands down the best burger I've ever had in my life!. . I've been here twice, and the first time I rated this as the 4th or 5th best burger in town. But the issue was that I got one of their pre-made selections on the left side of the menu. I think I got a Peppercorn burger or something, but it was a "good" not "great" experience. . . The next time I got adventurous and made my own burger. When you mix a high quality meat with the bun/cheese/toppings that you like, this burger will blow your minds. It was a little more expensive with the high-quality beef, but worth every penny.. . What's that, and they have a good beer selection?. . Make-your-own milskshakes you say?. . I only have good things to say about this place. Go here. Go here now.
very great food.
Sat at the bar and had a great experience.  Service was quick, friendly, and refreshing after a recent experience at Gordon Ramsey's.  I LOVE Burger Bar and as a local, always recommend.
I had the Kobe burger with a Kahlua milkshake.  OMG, I thought I'd died and gone to Ireland.  It was my first Kobe burger and it just melted in my mouth, I don't remember chewing.  Hubert Keller is a burger genius.  You spend a little extra money but it's a great treat for yourself to have.  Awesome!
Going out for a fancy hamburger sounds silly, right?  Well, it's not.  This is one of my favorite places because the atmosphere is good, the food is excellent, and it's a great place to take friends to visit--the booths are perfect for private conversations.. . The fries and dipping sauce flights are fun, and the burgers are juicy and flavorful.  Try to make a reservation if you can because weekend dinner-times seem to have a lot of walk-ins and you could be waiting a while....
Best burger I've ever had with excellent service to boot need I say more? Probably not but will I of course. The food here is awesome. My burger always comes out medium rare and I never have a problem not getting my toppings. I usually order the Angus burger with chipotle mayo, portobello mushrooms, caramelized onions and avocado with pepper jack cheese. Fat fries are a must of course and you simply have to try the awesomeness of the nutella milk shakes. . . The service is excellent. The food comes out after being cooked perfectly and you never feel like you're being ignored. . . This place is definitely my favorite burger but it also has my favorite shake. I have tried plenty of other burger places but always make my way back to burger bar.
We came here for lunch on a Saturday and the place was fairly packed.  We got seats right away and our waitress (Emma) was amazing.  She came over to check on us and would even notice if our drinks were only half full.  She was a much better waitress than the one I had at a $100 steak place last night.  We all ordered burgers, which were good sized and very tasty.  We wanted to get a milkshake (there were lots to choose from), but we were all too full.  Prices were from $10-15 per entree.
Greats burgers , great costumer services , I will definitely come back and recommend this place
This place is what you want for a great burger! I've been to many burger places on The Strip and this is #1! I had a Buffalo Burger with truffle mayo, portobello mushrooms, and cheddar cheese. Excellent pairing with a Blue Moon draft! Also, the service was excellent. I went here 2 days in a row.
I loved it, I got to pick what I wanted on my burger and it was delicious! The meat perfectly prepared and delicious. I loved the truffle mayo it added such a delicious flavour to the burger. Define rely will be back next time I'm in vegas.
I came here after a show at House of Blues and split the Rossini Burger with my hubby. Definitely worth the $60 bucks. We paired it with the Green Flash Double stout. Dessert was okay, didn't knock our socks off I love a good Krispy Kreme and the Nutella patty with hazelnuts brought it up a notch. The guava gelatin "cheese" didn't really add anything (except aesthetics) but it was a nice gesture. 5 stars just for the excellent burger with kobe beef, fois gras and truffles.
Awesome burgers - great staff
We've been semi-regulars (maybe a few times a year) of Fleur De Lys in San Francisco (and it is one of the few fine dining establishments we give repeat business) so when I was unexpectedly in Las Vegas overnight last week I decided to try this out (having heard of it before, and fully knowing there's one in San Francisco near me). I ordered the Rossini -- because this IS a Hubert Keller establishment I didn't want anything plane jane. Arguably the best burger I have ever tasted. Cooked perfectly, the truffle sauce was amazing and the fois gras was a treat I can no longer have in California. Furthermore, the Chocolate Burger dessert  was both beautiful in appearance and amazing in taste. I sat at the bar and the bartenders were very friendly and helpful. Highly recommended if you are in Vegas. Super convenient if you are staying at Mandalay, Luxor or Excalibur (it's in the shopping tunnel between Luxor and Mandalay Bay)
Don't normally eat hamburgers but this place is great.   The large French fries are just like the good old days.    This is a must stop on the Las Vegas strip
Great burgers, great bottled beer selection, and great sides. I don't know what else to brag about! The waitress was knowledgeable and friendly. My only wish is that they carried a more craft influenced tap beer selection. They have moved 100 great bottles but a super mediocre tap selection. I couldn't finish my burger and even reheated the next day it was delicious.
Definitely the BEST burger in Las Vegas (and the salmon is fantastic-ask to have the chef blacken it). Superb beer, ale and stouts. Innis & Gunn Whiskey Cask Stout on the list! If you have a larger party, call them 1st (they don't take reservations) and let 'em know you are coming.
hubert keller has perfected all things culinary. It's as simple as that. this is the only place Ill go for a buffalo burger anymore.
Look good to me  Burger Bar will look
The best burger I ever entertained in my mouth was here in Vegas. I loved my burger. I created it and I soooo loved everything about it. I ordered a ciabatta bun with a Angus steak burger, fried egg, bacon and had the chipotle aioli dip for my fries. Dayuuum. Need I say more???. . The egg's yolk just bled into my ciabatta bun, making it ever more delicious. I love egg yollk. I love Burger Bar. I love bacon. I love everything. Just not the calories.
Yummy service was great! You must try one of their frozen drinks sooooo good! If your looking for a casual burger joint this us your place. Slightly pricey for burgers but hey it's Vegas baby
Excellent burgers...Rossini Burger is a must! Short ribs, lobster tail, black truffles - YUM
Great place for burger lovers.  They also server up many different beers.  The only burger I get when I am here is the buffalo.  Fresh and tasty.  This time with frois gras.  MMMM!
My boyfriend and I were walking through the Mandalay Shops around lunch time so we decided to eat here. We sat at the bar because there was a 15 minute wait. There are lots of TVs showing sports which made my boyfriend happy. The burgers were amazing. We both got the basic patty and added grilled onion and chipotle aioli. They were perfectly cooked and juicy. We got one order of skinny fries which was enough to share and equally delicious as the burgers. Definitely recommend!
My husband and I were searching for a place to have dinner while staying at the Mandalay Bay and we decided upon the Burger Bar.  Although the Yelp app stats this restaurant takes reservations it in fact DOES NOT.. . When we arrived we were told that there would be a 15 minute wait.  It was actually more like a 5 minute wait. Upon entering there was loud music playing overhead and TVs in the booths.  We ended up sitting at a table which was nice because it was more intimate.. . We checked out the menu and decided to build our own burger.  The choices they have to build your own burger are limited but they did have selections that I liked. I ordered the angus beef with provolone, avocado and portobello mushrooms on a ciabatta bun with a raspberry ice tea. We also ordered the Fry Sampler with mozzarella cheese sticks, onion rings and skinny fries.  When I asked our waitress Daylene (which is a pretty name by the way) if they had honey mustard, she gave me a heads up saying some customers DID LIKE and some customers DID NOT LIKE the honey mustard sauce.  Our sampler came out pretty quickly and the honey mustard was good.. . When our burgers arrived I realized they did not come with fries on the plate. That was okay because we still had the fries from the sampler.  I have to say, my burger was tasty. Better than a Slaters burger. I actually was only able to eat half of my burger.. . I'm not sure how kid friendly this restaurant is, but it sure is adult friendly. Would we go back, heck yah we would!!
They say you shouldn't go grocery shopping hungry and I'm maybe overzealous about my meal because I was starving and I knew I wanted a burger. There are times you're not sure what you want, but other times you know exactly what you want to eat and that is the only food that you want. That's how I felt when I walked into Burger Bar. I've been to quite a few burger places, but this place is THE BEST. It's definitely one of the more pricey ones too. They've got a pretty extensive beer selection, shakes with and without alcohol, and of course burgers. Easily the highest quality burger place I've visited. I always try and avoid building my own burger because I like a lot of different things on my burger and not all those thing mesh. I'd build my burger here, because I can just come back and try a different combo. I got the Hubert Keller burger. So tasty. And the sides..Oh the sides. They have more than just the typical fries or onion rings. Zucchini fries, cheese curds, fried jalapenos and fried pickles. You could make a meal from the sides alone. If you know you want a high quality, best in your life burger, Burger Bar will not disappoint.
Great establishment for a fantastic burger. I have only come once, but it was enough to leave an impact on me that I will come back for sure. My burger was cooked just how I like it and I didn't have to wait forever. The service was very good and everyone was friendly.
Been her multiply times and every time it is truly a great experience. Went for lunch today so no wait which was nice. . . My brother and i both had the rossini burger which was kobe style wagyu beef from australia, seared foie, fresh pepper & salt, a rich brown sauce, and truffles on an onion bun. My favorite thing to eat is burgers and this is on my top 2 list with the blue cheese burger @ bubba burgers in hawaii.. . Foie gras and truffles = an experience in itself, i could eat both of these things 3 meals a day and die a very happy man. . Skinny fries perfectly cooked and seasoned. . Onion rings with ranch = say no more. . Mac & Cheese + fryer = duh, amazing. . Beers on their list for days, bottles and draft, had a pitcher of an IPA today, great pick with a burger.. . Service was good, not great, but i had the burger so didn't need anything else. . Def going back soon.
Favorite spot on the strip for a good burger. High quality choices. Expect a wait for a table in evening hours. Great setting with good service
