One of the most upscale local joints in town, Red Rock is one of my favorite places.  Here's why:. . - The decor & design is amazing.  It's not your typical cookie cutter locals casino joint that is shaped like a box.  There are some amazing architectural designs here.. . - The restaurants.  There is a great selection of restaurants here....but keep in mind, they're not cheap.  If you want value, this is not the place for you.. . - Parking.  There is adequate parking and it's easy to navigate to/from your car.. . - Cleanliness.  This place is always clean and well kept.  Some local joints have gone downhill in this respect during the recession, not here.. . - Events & concerts.  They always have cool events like Rock and Roll Wine here.  On occasion, they'll bring in a big headliner so you don't have to go to the Strip to see them.. . - The rooms are awesome.  I've only stayed in a one bedroom suite here, which was an awesome suite.  Lots of square footage, upscale furniture, and the bedding is top notch.  It's a well designed hotel.. . Will I return?  No doubt about it!
As we head out again for one of our Las Vegas long weekends, I am once again booking my spa treatments at the Red Rock.  Their services are reasonably priced and their staff is friendly and not so pretentious.   They always have availability and can accommodate last minute.  I believe there is a shuttle from downtown, but we always rent a car so we can go to local restaurants and such.  They have an adventure spa which includes hiking and horseback riding.  They have a great movie theater and bowling alley so it is fun if you have children.  They have a few  restaurants, but Vegas, like Chicago has your choice of phenomenal food choices so heading to the local casinos restaurants for dinner is not my first choice but they will do.  Their buffet is clean and reasonable if you like buffets.. . There are a lot of locals so it never gets too crazy.  Gambling is fair and the dealers are friendly and fun. The casino is clean and still very new.  They have renovated and added on since their initial debut a few years ago. It is about 25 minutes from the STRIP but worth the drive.
The Red Rock Spa - If you get a chance this is the place to stop for a great massage. You can spend $300+ on the strip however if you want something that does not feel like a hotel massage, come here. The Spa facilities are great with Hot\Cold Plunge, Steam Room, Dry Sana, Water Falls etc. Haley who was my therapist remembered me from two years ago but she has an excellent way of making her clients feel welcome. My favorite treatment is the Shirodhara hot stone massage for which is an excellent treatment to get you in the feeling "bliss mood" I travel often to Las Vegas and I hope to stop by and see her every chance I can get.
Loved it loved it loved. Before I moved here, I stayed 4 nights and let me tell you..I'm bummed I had to check out. From the pool to the staff, nothing dissapoints.
This place is awesome!. . If I were to stay off the strip I would definitely stay here. Friends of mine just moved right around the corner from here so we went in my first night in town and almost didn't make it out. . . The place is totally clean and the bar in the middle reminded me of the one at the Mandalay.. . I learned how to play Craps for the first time in my life (was awesomeness) and one of the pit bosses signed me up for their rewards program. I got a voucher for a free buffet, free slot play, and a voucher for a free room so next time I come out to visit my peeps I can get my own place :). . I'll be seeing you Red Rock!
My hubby and I came here to check out the rooms and met with the coordinator to help decide where we would do our room block for our wedding.  We met with Ty and he was friendly and helpful.  He showed us several rooms which included the standard room, luxury suite, presidential suite, penthouse suite, and the top dog of them all...The One 80 suite!  They were all luxuriously furnished and breathtaking.  . . We ended up booking this hotel since it's more of a local spot, it was close to the Country Club, and basically all the amenities you get.  The resort includes a spa, pool, movie theater, fast food court, restaurants, bars, bowling alley, kids quest, and of course table games and slot machines.  They also provide a complimentary airport shuttle.  . . The rooms were about $100 with our room block discount.  The rooms were spacious and had everything you need for a comfortable stay.  Upon check-in the clerks were friendly.  Valet was quick and easy.. . The only downfall I would say was the swimming pool.  We came here in the summer and the pools were cold.
This is [was] my local spot!  Years ago, you would have caught me here gambling the night away at a 21 tables, but the times have changed, I'm older, SOBER and married so now I stay away....... :(. Oh well, such is life!. On a lighter note, I love and still enjoy how UN-crowded it is, the food court, Starbucks, the movie theater, the restaurants, and the insane amount of parking!. Great employees/customer service and a CLEAN place!. I'd give 'em 10 stars if I could!
Beautiful! and lots of fun awaits you here! a must see away from the strip!.
The Red Rock is an awesome property.  The staff was welcoming, the food excellent, and the gaming was equal or better than what I've experienced on the strip.  The craps dealers are knowledgeable and helpful - and they too appreciated my business.  My wife and I could not get over the attention to detail in every part of the hotel including our room.  Our standard room appeared larger than standard rooms at the Paris or Golden Nugget.   The bathroom had double sinks, a soaking tub (w/ flat panel t.v.) and separate shower.  I could go into even greater detail here, but just trust me when I say the attention to detail at the RR is incredible.  . . One other comment - is the distance from the strip.  It is about 20 minutes.  It's not a problem for us and the positives of the RR are so great - especially escaping the madness, noise and crowds of the strip. . . Finally, we got home yesterday and I've already booked a return trip in early December.
I love this place!. . Since neither my wife nor I drink or gamble, this place was perfect for us.  We thought the rooms were spacious, the view was great (overlooking pool), the atmosphere was relaxing, and the location allowed us to avoid the frenetic pace and people on the strip.  We'll definitely choose to come back here rather than a place on the strip.
Not a single con to report this time!  Our rooms were ready at 2:00, we were given the right room keys, the hallways were nice and cool, our luggage was up in 10 minutes and our room was spotless!  . . We loved every minute of our stay and hated to go home.
Hands down the best place I've stayed in Vegas.  . . Staying at Red Rock is like being in a sexy movie.  The rooms, the casino, the pool; it's all gorgeous.   The only bad thing I can say about this place is its distance from the strip, a 30 minute cab ride.  On the other hand, getting away from the strip isn't necessarily such a bad thing.  . Can't wait to come back and rock this spot again.
Love this place. A convenient place to crash for dirtbag climbers going to nearby Red Rocks. Modern and spacious rooms. Just don't pickup any snacks or the bottle of Belvedere for more than 30s or you will get charged for it. lol!. . We were playing blackjack and a guy told us it is very popular for locals since it is new and they have lower limits for some of the tables. There's also a Yard House and a great Japanese restaurant called Hachi. Of course, their breakfast buffet is ridiculously good for only $5. Remember to get a player's card to get the discount though. Get in line early for breakfast and note there's a different line if you a hotel guest. Seems to be super popular for locals as well. If the line is too long, you can always retreat to Starbucks.. . We came during the NCAA tournament, so anytime there was a game going on, you could get $1 hot dogs and $1 bud lights. We took advantage of this pretty much every day.. . I believe this will be our go-to spot anytime we fly in for some climbing at Red Rocks. We didn't once go to the strip.
Although I live quite close to Red Rock Hotel I do enjoy my quite time as I have a busy life with kids and work.  . . The front desk staff was very professional and polite.  I got lucky as it was not crowded when I checked in (Thursday).   The room was clean and didn't smell of smoke.  I do enjoy the table games and slots and I must say the employees at the table games made me feel very comfortable and friendly.. . We had dinner at Hachi which is a Japanese Restaurant in the Hotel/Casino and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I Would highly recommend this restaurant as they have an $8 menu with 38 different items to choose from. I was actually surprised at the amount of food we got for $8/each definitely worth the value.
This is the only casino in Vegas that will ever get 5 stars out of me.. . First off, it's pretty much as far west from the strip as you can get.  The further away one can get from that boring, soul sucking, over-rated cesspool, the better!  It's also only a few miles from my house, so while I'm stuck living here, this is my go-to spot.  I also love the fact that this place is mostly locals.  The only tourists here are the ones that want to be away from the strip in a more serene environment, or ones that are taking advantage of the awesome spa and accommodations that are found here.  From the few rooms that I've seen in person here, they're all really nice!  The entire staff on the floor and in the establishments are also very nice too!. . Red Rock is what I like to refer to as a one-stop shop.  Pretty much anything you could ever ask for from an entertainment spot is here.  From great eateries like Yard House, Lbs., Terra Rossa, Grand Cafe, etc.  Then the food court with places to get a quick bite like Fatburger, Cappriotti's, Villa Pizza, Ben & Jerry's, Starbucks, etc.  And plenty of places to grab a drink are set up around the casino.  . . Then you have Rock's Lounge, where free music acts go down 5 nights a week in a nice and low-key bar/lounge.  And on Saturday nights there are featured music acts with top name performers.  The Feast Buffet here is also very good!  Great food offering all the major and loved types of grub from around the globe. . . You'll also find a very nice Regal movie theater complete with 16 screens, including an IMAX screen, 3D capability, and DTS & Dolby audio.  The Bingo room here is also very nice!  The nicest and cleanest one in the city.  . . The bowling alley here is rated one of the best in the nation.  The alleys here are great!  And there are 72 alleys in total, as well as a VIP lanes section.  There is also a nice bar in here as well, then an arcade room for the kids, a snack bar for quick bites, and a bowling pro shop.. . The swimming pool here is awesome!  It's open daily from 9am-6pm.  There are cabanas, swim-up gaming, and a nice sized pool to please the masses of all ages.  The Sand Bar here is also very nice, and offers drinks and grub to enjoy between your laps.. . They're building an outdoor amphitheater behind the pool area currently that is set to be operational as of May.  They're offering all sorts of concerts there over the summer, ranging from Motley Crue to Weezer.. . If you're a regular here, make sure and sign up for the Boarding Pass rewards card.  You can earn points for every dollar you spend on the slots, buffet, bingo, etc., then redeem the points for free play and discounts on all the eateries.  It'll also net you discounts on many things inside the casino, as well as random free-be giveaways on certain holidays.. . In the end, you can't go wrong coming to Red Rock.  Whether you're on vacation or a local...everything you'll want is here on the property!
Just got home from a three night stay at Red Rock and I can honestly say that I will never stay on the strip again..... . Keep in mind... I've been staying on the strip two to three times a year since I was born.... my parents were big Vegas fans. For the last 20 or so years, my wife and I always book a suite at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay. We decided to switch it up after reading so many great reviews of Red Rock on Yelp and Trip Advisor. Besides, Bruce Hornsby was playing Red Rock so we thought... "Why not?". . One of the best decisions we ever made. Here are some of the things we enjoyed at Red Rock that we never could get on the strip.... .  Beautiful suites with a stunning view of Red Rock Canyon, Friendly, caring staff everywhere we went, Cheap great buffets ($4.99 for Breakfast, $6.99 lunch $12.99 dinner), the latest in gaming equipment, an ultra cool 72 lane bowling alley, 16 screen movies, food court with actual good food, great restaurants, great music acts in a lounge that holds maybe 300 people for $20(!), 19 hiking trails of different difficulties, mini fridge in our suite and locals a plenty. Most of the people at the casino were locals.. .  Such a different vibe then the strip.... totally relaxed. Whoever hires and trains the staff is doing a stellar job. I can't emphasize enough how cool everyone was. When I asked a bartender why every staff member we encountered was so cool he thanked me and said it was because no one wants to be fired and have to go back to working on the strip or downtown.. . Our new favorite place to stay. We didn't visit the strip once.... no need to. Everything you need is right here.
the first time i set foot in this place, i was on my way out of town and decided to drive through the red rocks canyon before i left.  but when i got there, it looked too good and it was too hot to go hiking in the afternoon, so i pulled up to the resort and got a room.  and because they never had a walk-in before, they gave me a suite for the price of a standard room as a reward for my obvious impulse control issues.. . not only did i get back to the canyon in the morning for an amazing hike,  in the meantime i won enough money at the black jack table to pay for the room, my sushi dinner, and a half-hour massage.  . . as you can imagine, i've been rather enamored of the place ever since.. . the next time i went, i didn't win.  i lost.  i lost at black jack.  i lost at bingo.  i even lost at bowling.  but i had a great time doing it.  even in the standard room.  it's everything i love about vegas without the desperate strip vibe.
Been hangin' my hat here since it opened in '06.  You can catch me here just about every Saturday night.. . Decent video poker.  Some slots now and then.  Buffet is really getting bad but the food court suffices.. . Movie theatres A+.
This is one of Vegas' best kept secrets by the locals.  The Station Casinos have a campaign that states, "We love locals" and the feeling is certainly mutual.  Everyone I talked to was from down the road, across town or had been going there for years and it's not hard to tell why.. . Everything from the lobby, the lobby bar, the spa, the casino, bowling alley, movie theater and the amenities are top notch, truly.  The restaurant at the casino entry from the hotel could definitely use some work, but the rest of this place more than makes up for their lackluster service.. . Firstly, the design of this hotel from the curb is strikingly subdued in its vernacular treatment.  The dominance of muted colors that blend with the mountains is inspiring in its grandeur, almost as if the casino had sprung from the earth and disregarded the garish tendencies of the rest of Las Vegas.  If you are someone who appreciates nature and the value of water features in the desert that isn't Belaggadocio, then I would recommend this hotel to you.  An entire side of the hotel features a mountain view in every room that is a welcome shift from the clanging bells and buzzing lights of the strip, this should not be missed at check-in.  If you appreciate the natural beauty that Clark County has to offer, this resort will be right for you.. . Second, the amenities are incredible for the price.  The rooms feature spa tubs, if you aren't into bath-taking while on vacation, you will be after this stay.  They are big enough for two, deep enough to stretch in and will recharge you after a day of gambling.  That shouldn't detract from the attention the designers spent on the beautiful floor to ceiling marble showers with heavy glass doors and its superior fixtures.    The beds are incredibly soft and are fit with sheets that will make you reevaluate what you have at home.  The hotel was smart in its design, and gave each door to the hallway its own hall, heavily insulated walls, thickly insulated window treatments with hidden valances, and solid core doors.  All of these mean quiet sleep any time of day or night, a must when you are on a winning streak and have to stay at the tables well past bedtime.. . Last, but certainly not least and to further the amenities is the spa and casino.  This spa is incredible, from its welcoming staff at the spacious entry.  The lighting is mostly natural and soothing in its pale tones and indirect placement.  For the men, there is a lounge with a big television,  tea and fresh fruit are left out for your enjoyment.  They will give you a big plush terry robe on your way into the spa, one of my favorite things...  There is a huge bathing room, showers, and wet and dry sauna which are finished in the same beautifully rich pallet of warm oranges and browns as the rest of the hotel.  Complimentary lockers and spacious changing areas with individual private showers for getting the sweat and sauna smells off the body, all toiletries included.  :-). . The casino is outfitted with all the gaming tables you could ask for and boasts the best Keno in Vegas.  They can boast whatever they like, the high ceilings and opulent finish make the game play feel luxurious.  Per the standard, all you care to drink while you are at a gaming table, and friendly staff who are happy to have you sidle up to their table specifically.  . . If you should decide to go to Vegas for more than a 24 hour tour like I failed to mention (this was actually my third time to Vegas in a year), stay at this resort.  You won't be disappointed if this is your destination.  If you have an aversion to the strip, or if you just want something a little slower than the touristy areas of downtown, you can pair relaxation with gambling here at the Red Rock.  The cherry on top is the amazing desert air and lack of humidity.  Getting away from the humidity is a huge plus in my book, that I wish I could have bottled and brought back to Texas with me.
Hands down, My favorite off the strip hotel! Its beautiful, has so much to do, good food, movies, bowling alley, poker, sports bar, decent table minimums, awesome rooms, and first class service.  I'd definitely recommend this resort and would even come back again
This review is for the Hotel, Cafe, and Casino. . . Hotel-My wife and I stayed there last night. They did absolutely everything I asked (which is the reason for the 5 stars), quickly too. Last time we asked for bath salts, they took forever. *This time when we asked she said 5 Min's, we were letting the other people staying with us that I will catch up later. She was there at 5 Min's., so I tipped accordingly. This room again was free like my wife's was a few months ago *so I won't go into details of the room. . . Cafe-Our previous encounters with the cafe has usually been like pulling teeth to get service. So maybe it was the fact that it was 4:30 am, (I was really thirsty) there was 4 people working there but no customers. Each one of them asked me if they could help me. *The first female asked the right questions. I just wanted water, that doesn't cost $6. I asked her how much she said nothing*. . . Casino-I almost made this part a -negative star---the saving grace was the associates that already helped me. They got me my drinks fast!* I was playing Lord of the Rings and I needed some cash to be broken up so I could tip. One of the waitresses when I asked if she could break told me (yeah the machine is behind you). I told her I didn't want to leave money in the machine. She didn't care. How does she know if I am at the Chairman's status or not. So I only ordered from the other waitresses who were helpful. . . Things they need to work on: . ---- Drinking fountains. Check it out. They have none in Vegas, I never under stood that, esp. in this environment. . ___Culture- always make eye contact and if someone ask you to do something, unless you're too busy for Your Customers, or what they are asking is unreasonable there shouldn't be a reason you don't.
My favorite place to stop before & after a day in Red Rock Canyon & Blue Diamond.  This place is a solid value if you're in need of a good bathroom, food and decent gambling.. . I always stop in for the Feast Buffet.  It is easily the best of all the Stations Casinos.  (Better than GVR, Boulder, Sunset, Palace).  The gambling there is sufficent for me.  (Decent video poker odds, full pay if $0.25 or above and a perfect poker room.). . Everything about this casino is nice.  The food court is good (love the Ben & Jerrys), the bingo room is futuristic looking, the movie theatres are excellent.  . . I am still waiting the day I get a comp room offer from here or at least a Buy One, Get One room offer from WeLuvLocals.. . . Do your self a favor and pop in.  It's worth the time.
I loved this casino! It's low key but has tons of stuff to do. The buffet was also delicious :)
One of the best casinos in Las Vegas.  . . Classy with contemporary rooms overlooking the Las Vegas Strip or Red Rock Canyon.
If you are looking for a great getaway and something a little more low key than your typical Vegas this is an excellent place to check out. Great for families and/or couples. The resort has a spa, wonderful pool area w/ cabanas and a Sandbar Grill outside by the pool. They also have a bowling alley, movie theater, huge casino area, food court, and various restaurants. No matter what your taste, be it for Mexican, sushi, Italian, hamburgers, they have you covered! There are also some fun boutiques,  souvenir/gift shop, and 2 Starbucks: one inside the casino and one closer to where the hotel rooms are located. Our room was beautiful and spacious. You could honestly spend your entire vacation at the spa/resort and never get bored. However, we did check out the strip a couple of times and enjoyed that, it was not too far. You definitely want to share a cab or rent a car to get around though if you need to leave the resort as commuting can get pricey (it's about a 15 min drive away from strip). I absolutely recommend this place though, it was wonderful! Service was great! Can't wait to go back!
Truly one of the nicest hotels and resorts in the world.  World class dining at T-Bones, incredible buffet at excellent value (make sure to sign up for the players card for lower buffet price) and the weluvlocals website for coupon offers.  Also excellent movie theater and bowling alley.  I also seem to win more than I lose at Blackjack there!  Red Rock is truly one stop dining, recreation and living!. http://www.weluvlocals.com/. . Wayne Gorsek
Elegant.... Modern rooms.....Finally won some money at this Cassino.
I when here for a conference.   For an off the strip place, it was very nice.  They let me use the spa when my room wasn't ready, which was a nice piece of customer service.  The line to check in took a while, but they had lots of people helping and got it done as quick as they could.  They couldn't get me a cab to the airport when I was leaving, so they gave us a limo, nice again.  Room was clean, well decorated and comfortable.  I would recommend going here if you don't care about being on the strip.
If I could choose any casino to visit in Las Vegas, this would probably be #1 in my books.  . . Even though it is always packed whenever I go there, it doesn't feel that way and everything is so spacious.  I do enjoy bowling and it's one of my favorite places to bowl (mainly cause of the cosmic bowling and reasonable prices).  Outside of that, I go there to watch movies, I have been to a few of the concerts this past summer (Barenaked ladies and OAR) at the pool area which is phenomenal.. . I've been to most of the restaurants, been a fan of them.  It's just so hard for me to find a reason not to go there.  Well, getting a good parking spot is annoying but outside of that, no real complaints.  That, and the lack of cheap hookers.  They like to be called "escorts" here at Red Rock.. . These reviews aren't as fun since this place is too awesome.  Sorry yelp.
Wedding Date:  10/8/11. Location:  THE Veranda. Time:  11am-3pm. Guest Count: 50. . I have zero complaints about the Red Rock and Casino Resort!  Everything was perfect and the staff was wonderful.. . Let's start from the beginning.  I wanted to get married in Las Vegas b/c my family is on the East Coast, my fiancee's family is in Los Angeles, and we live in San Francisco.  Everyone's a tourist in Vegas (so there's no babysitting of family), there are lots of things to do, and it's easy to get to.  . . In January, I visited most of the major hotels in Vegas (Bellagio, Wynn/Encore, MGM, Mandalay Bay, Caesar's, etc.) and I instantly like the Red Rock b/c of the space and competency of the staff.  The rooms are gorgeous with dark wood walls that open up to balconies with view of the red rocks.  Inside, the chandelier and modern lighting felt elegant, not Vegas tacky.  Also, the most hotels just give you a plain room for the reception, so you'd have to shell out $$$ to give it ambiance... not THE Veranda!   The view for the ceremony is gorgeous!  The casino is not overly smoky and there are areas for kids.  The coordinator remembered the details from our initial conversation and it was easy to get in deep with more details, instead of starting from the beginning.. . Another big selling point for me:  we got to work with our own florist, photographer and officiant.  My sister got married at the Bellagio and was forced to use them for everything.  Her pictures looked cheap, because it was just a hotel employee with a nicer camera, not a professional photographer.  Also, her husband's family is Hawaiian and they had to argue with the Bellagio to allow us to wear the leis that were brought from Hawaii, b/c the Bellagio didn't allow outside items.. . The week of the wedding, we were given a free night in the huge and gorgeous Signature Suites, and we paid for additional nights at the same cost as normal rooms that were blocked for our guests.  The concierge steamed my dress and returned it the next day to the room.  All of the items from the wedding (cake topper, extra favors, gifts) were taken to our room by the concierge after the wedding and the top of our cake was kept in the kitchen until we left.  When we got to our room, a beautiful bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries were waiting for us.. . The Red Rock worked with me on my cake and table arrangements.  I used their standard (and free) hydrangea center pieces and my florists rose petals.  You can choose between white, cream and black for the linens (any combination).  Oh, and the food and wine were great!  Being a food and wine snob from SF, I assumed it would be normal, average wedding fare, but it was much better than average!. . Another huge deal was that our contact at the Red Rock coordinated the entire ceremony procession, for no extra charge!. . The Red Rock went above and beyond, and I came in under budget!  It's a gorgeous venue, and the staff is fabulous.. . P.S.  The salon did a great job with mani/pedi's the day before!
I love the sports book. Not smokey.
I lived in Vegas for over a year and while I went there to play Bingo and gamble, I never stayed a night at Red Rock. That all changed last week when I went there on a business trip. . . This place is awesome. The rooms are amazing. The all marble bathroom didn't get all cold like other hotels I've stayed at. The resort staff was great and always friendly. . . If you want to go to Vegas, but not be in the hustle and bustle of the Strip, come to Red Rock!
Red Rock Casino rocked my world.. GREAT STAFF! Very friendly and helpful.. Great slot machines! Great ambiance!. It may not be the biggest casino, but it is the most enjoyable one.
Clean rooms, great amenities, safe place to party on the weekends and easy access from the freeway.. . The spa: The best facial you could get is the 80 min Top of the Rock! I love relaxing in the steam room before my facial. They sell Hylunia products which I use. Locals usually get 20% off. Good customer service.
This is the best locals casino in Vegas.  I love it.  I don't gamble, but I frequent their many other offerings.  Their bowling alley is the best in town.  More expensive, but better.  Their movie theaters are really great.  Plus, so many great restaurants.  Their buffet is the best off-strip buffet in town.  I always find parking.  It is located right off the 215 so it is easily accessible for many people.  The architecture and decoration is comparable to the top casinos on the strip.  All the fun and beauty without the hassle of traversing the strip.
Summerlin, I missed you!  . . The Spa is very nice.  :))))
My favorite thing about the Red Rock is the spa--get your hair cut there by Jean Marc! . . When I moved to Vegas, I started looking for a great hairdresser.  I struck gold on my first try with Jean Marc at the Red Rock Spa. He took one look at my face and gave me a cut that I swear made me look 5 years younger. Then, when I went in for color, he gave me a balayage--a color treatment similar to highlights. The results were very natural and rich-looking. I'm hooked, and have told all my friends about him. If you live in Vegas, if you visit Vegas, make an appointment with Jean Marc. He doesn't just cut hair. He transforms it into runway perfection!
Theme of this review:  LOVE.. . Resort- love!. Movie theater and bowling alley- love!. Lobby bar- love!. Concierge Judy-love!. Restaurant options- love!. . SPA- LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!. . I've had the following services at the RR spa:  Red Rock Wrap, Swedish Massage, Peppermint manicure/pedicure and massage, Green tea wrap.. . Allison and Kelly are my favorites.  Ask for them.. . 20 percent locals discount...which is not as much as at GVR or M Resort, but if you look at the other guy's menus, their prices are higher than at RR Spa.
Set miles from the Strip of Las Vegas, this gem of a hotel was a delightful surprise. We ended up here since we wanted to be close to Red Rock Canyon. What a treat! Much fancier than expected, this place is nicer than many of the hotels on the Strip. The room was lovely, with upscale and modern dark decor, a well-stocked mini-bar, huge bathroom with soaking tup and separate shower, and good quality sheets, pillows, and such. Plus, much lower prices than the Strip (for something of equal quality). We didn't get a chance to explore the pool, bowling alley, spa, or theater due to our late arrival, but enjoyed the casino, a few bars, and the 24 hour cafe. I would definitely recommend staying here if you are looking for something nice but want to get away from the typical Vegas scene.
Made a trip from the Strip last weekend .Haven't stayed here for a couple of Years, but I do recall the Nicest Rooms in Vegas. excellent Casino & restaurants . Love the Sports Book. can you Guess Where I will be watching the Superbowl Next Month? Yep At The RED ROCK CASINO
Have always had fun and the rooms are great......................but hey there free for me!
I fell in love with this place!  The setting, the vibe and the amenities are simply perfect.  Just four or five miles from the entrance to Red Rock Canyon National Park, this resort kicks ass!. . I had done a gig for 2 nights on the strip and wanted some true R & R, so I booked a room at Red Rock for myself and a lovely lady and checked in on Sunday afternoon.  The staff at this place is AMAZING!  From the valet to the maid service, everyone is friendly and super helpful.  They came to fix my clock-radio at 3:30AM!  . . So if you want a Vegas experience that is a cut WAY above the corporate brush-off treatment you get on the strip, check this place out!
If you want to stay at a fabulous hotel in Vegas but can't afford the high price then consider Red Rock Resort & Spa...yes it's off the Strip but the hotel provide complimentary shuttle service to the Strip from 6 am to 9 pm daily (about a 20 minute ride or so).  Complimentary shuttle service to the airport is also available.. . I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel in 2/2012 and it was a wonderful experience despite being sick.  I was just wowed by the hotel lobby/lounge...the decor and light sitting made it look so classy and intimate.  I was lucky enough to have a room that face the Red Rock Mountains in which the hotel was named after.  Greeted by the sun raise every morning and sun set every night...the view was breath taking.  I wish I could had captured it on my camera..except for the dang window being in the way.. . Clean bed sheets, comfy bed w/extra soft pillows, clean bathroom, great view, great staff, and it's affordable.  What more can you ask for?
We have already been twice this year and its only March!  We veered away once and after going one of the big named spas (read into this the Ranch) on the strip.  We had to come back to our FAVORITE spa in Vegas.  Believe me, I have have been to MANY of them.  Just making sure I wasn't overlooking another spa on the Strip so we didn't have to travel but we are back to this one AGAIN.. . So, yes, you have to drive out here but there is valet exclusively for the hotel/spa entrance.  No traipsing through the casino to get back and forth from your car and/or room to the spa or vice versa.  The facility is clean, well stocked and abeit small not too small on a busy day.  Their separate outdoor facility is well kempt and pool is clean.  The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.  Pricing is reasonable and gratuity is according to the level of service YOU felt was provided not this automatic 20% or even included in the pricing...Can you tell that I had a big issue with that at other spas?
We had a wedding reception for 47 guests on the 20th floor in the super plush Canyon Suite.  I'm not even sure where to start here, as there aren't enough words to describe our happiness with the outcome.   I'll try to keep it brief, but just want to say how phenomenal all aspects of this experience were.   The room itself is beyond words, 3000+ sqft ofpure luxury (and a spinning couch!)  Melissa and the rest of the event coordination group took care of every detail and made us feel like royalty.  All of the food was sublime.  Pure Perfection.   And Lizabeth, in concierge, put up with my countless questions and requests (for months) on transportation options for a Friday night bus tour for all the guests, transportation to and from the wedding, and countless other transportation/dining questions/requests.  Can't tell you how many of our guests were turned on to the Red Rock option, not to mention other friends/coworkers that we couldn't say enough good things about this location. Awesome!!!
Haven't been there yet but I'm so excited.   I have a gift certificate and have been working with Debbie on the reservation and she has been so fantastic. I've had to change a few things a few times and she has been so nice about it!   I'll update after the stay...
One of my favorite spots in Vegas, now if only it weren't so far away. Hmmph.. . Red Rock is the best "Station" casino in my opinion. I try not to review a casino until I've been fully invested in it and tried a bunch of its features. As a resident of Las Vegas, this review does not include the rooms/front desk experience, so when deciding whether or not to STAY at Red Rock, better to read another review!. . Entertainment-wise I have to give 5 stars. Their movie theaters are nice and well kept. The bowling alley is pretty much awesome, if not a tad expensive. Their pool-side concerts are often a great way to spend a Saturday/Friday night in the summer. . . As for dining, I have eaten at hachi, the Japanese restaurant and I thought there was nothing wrong with the experience. I've also had The Yard House on ocassion, as well as The Bagel Cafe, which offers deli-style sandwiches that are great for an after-movie meal! There is also a food court which features a Rubios. I do like Rubios, so having it here is a great option.. . Overall - 5 Stars for Red Rock.
I was pretty worried at first of attending a conference at this hotel.  I had previous guests warn me about the staff and service at Red Rock.  My experience to them was the complete opposite.  The valet service was excellent, food serivce was very classy, my room was amazing, and the employees were very friendly.  If your choice of stay is away from The Strip, please take my advice and stay there.
This is my local place and I'm here a lot (but I don't gamble). I go to the salon for mani-pedis regularly, use the spa services when it's been a stressful week, stop by the hotel lobby bar for 1/2 martinis on the way home from work, eat at the restaurants, grab $1 beers and hotdogs during football season, go to the movies or bowling on a lazy day, meet up with friends, book a room when I need a mini-staycation....seriously the list goes on. Beautiful property and I always feel welcome.
On the outskirts of town (near the Red Rock State Park).. . Flashy Casino and several very good restaurant choice.. . On-site bowling lanes!. . The on-site spa services are top-notch.. . A great place to stay without all the typical Las Vegas hustle and bustle.
I was pleasantly surprised at my experience at Red Rock. The #1 cool thing is the free shuttle from the Airport! Unfortunately for me my flight was delayed and I was on a tight schedule, but I called the hotel and they arranged a town car for me. The property is about 20 mins from the strip, but once inside you don't miss it at all. We were there for an outside concert of Blink 182 and it was just awesome. Pair that with loose slots and a ton of different bars, we had a pretty excellent time there. We spent the morning eating brunch by the lovely pool, what is better than that? When I want Vegas without the Strip, I'll be heading to Red Rock. I have seen a ton of great specials for it lately, so I am sure I will be returning!
We stayed at a different hotel which was affordable and family-friendly.  When we met up with my friend who lives in Vegas, we met at the bowling alley at the Red Rock.  WOW!  Their bowling alley was double the size, they also had movie theaters and an arcade, but they didn't smell as smoky as our hotel.. . When we wanted to play Bingo (see my review for Kids Quest at Red Rock if you plan to use their child care), the smokers were in an enclosed area so us non-smokers could play in comfort.  They also have non-smoking areas for playing slots, too.  . . The overall impression of the hotel was awesome.  There was very little smoke in the casino which I really appreciated, and when my friend and I met for coffee and dessert, their cafe was inviting, clean and beautiful.. . We will stay here next time we're in Vegas!
this is my favorite hotel in las vegas. it is modern and beautiful, but it is also the most family friendly. they have a part of the hotel for the kids with movie theaters, bowling alleys and a food court. they also have babysitting for $7 an hour! what?!! we love vegas for poolside R & R and the Red rock does not disappoint... impressive pool area. we love happy hour @ the Yardhouse too.
Came here with my boyfriend last weekend for a living social deal we got, which was a total steal! It was $199 for Friday 3pm -Sunday 1pm in a suite with a King SIze bed (plus 100 bucks towards the spa, 2 free breakfast buffets, and 6 free bowling games). Didn't really know what to expect because we've never stayed anywhere in Vegas except for the strip.. . Overall, we were pleasantly surprised that this place was pretty nice! The hotel itself is pretty modern and luxurious for the price we paid. The room was awesome. Great size, great view! The bed was super comfy, and the restroom was really nice and clean! The buffets were way cheaper than any other hotel I've ever gone to. The casino was okay and decently sized. Not as busy as casinos on the strip. Yeah, you may be far from the strip but there's a shuttle that takes you there for free (:! It was nice seeing Vegas for once without the hustle and bustle! The pool is amazing, it has a fountain in the middle. The kids seem to hog it though. I'm a grown women, but I still went to swim near the fountain! IT WAS SO COOL! . . *Disclaimer: Being in my twenties, this place doesn't really appeal to younger people because it doesn't really have the nightlife kind of experience that the strip offers! It seems to be appeal more to older couples on romantic getaways and families on vacation. If you're in Vegas to just relax, not for amazing day clubs, and night clubs, and wildness, this place is this place for you! . . I'll be coming back next time with my family or boyfriend for a relaxing time in Vegas, when I've had enough of the craziness on the strip!(:
This is the BEST casino/hotel out of all of them, its totally gorgeous, big,cool and the dealers are fantastic. . . Fair prices, gorgeous views, easy drive and plenty to do! . . I'll always come here for movies,bowling,drinks and fun.
First casino I visited as a 21 year old and I must say it was a perfect choice!. . Crowded? Not at all. Mostly locals and the fake flashiness of the strip is nowhere to be seen.. Games? I had an awesome time learning craps and winning at the blackjack tables. The workers were VERY patient with me and did their best to show me how to hold onto my money rather than lose it.. Entertainment? This is one of the best kept secrets in Vegas because there are some awesome shows coming into RedRock without bringing a crowd of wanna-bees.. . All i all, I walked in with 100 bucks, walked out with 140; not bad for my first time. I'm DEFINITELY coming back to this place.
We got a 3 nights free stay here. At first I was like "...mom...red ROCK??? are you serious?!?! ive never even heard of this place in my life -_- can we stay at the cosmos?" but when I arrived I was surprised at how nice the casino layout was and there was GREAT AIR circulation going on, smelled like I was on the beach LOL..no i just like it when casinos have great air circulation, its important to me. Check in was very fast, and when we got our room..lets just say I didnt want to leave it. . And I've stayed in Bellagios Penthouse Suite and other suites (complimentary stays though) this place is reallly nice. . . Theres also a bowling alley, movie theater, and an arcade, so if you have kids they will have something to do.
This place is great for locals and out of towners. A newer hotel and casino that offers great dining and gaming options.  They also have big name entertainers that come in to do concerts. Worth the drive and a great place to people watch especially on the weekend.
Room was fantastic. The spa treatments were amazing. Rather stay here than on the strip. By far. Will be back
I had never heard of this place until this summer and I was totally missing out! I was here for a Bachelorette Paaaarty!  I was concerned about how far it was from the airport and strip (25 min.) but it was not a big deal at all. They have a free shuttle that leaves the airport every two hours. It was easy to get to it from the luggage area.  The hotel has everything the ones on the strip have but less people and you don't have to leave at all.  In less than 48 hours I swear we did a ton of things:  massages at the awesome spa, dinner at the Yard House, danced all night long at Cherry Nightclub, played Bingo (an hour of fun for $5 and you get to free drinks!), went to the movies to see Magic Mike and went bowling (open 24 hours on weekends!!!!).  I loved that they had an outdoor venue for concerts. From our room you could see inside of the venue and I wish I had been  there the next weekend when Pitbull was performing.  Like at many other hotels in Vegas there is something for everyone here but you get to experience it without the traffic and drama of the strip.  We gotta a great deal on Groupon.
Rooms are great, pool area had many, many different pool options. During the summer it would be nice to have more shade options. Off the path from "Vegas" but it is a really nice place with a lot of good options to have a great time.
Gorgeous resort. Mom bought a Groupon so we stayed there for two nights. She had originally bought the weeknight one, and then something came up and we had to reschedule. The next time we could come was on a weekend, and the nice representative on the phone upgraded us for free to the weekend night rate. Drinks are a little pricey, but it's Vegas. . . The pool is amazing. They have chairs IN the pool so you can stay cool as well as very helpful staff to take drink orders. The lifeguards will even pull up an umbrella for you. . . I did not visit the spa, however my mom did, and said it was the most amazing facial she has ever had in one of the most beautiful spas she had ever seen. . . The rooms were very nice as well. Comfy bed and pillows, nice bathtub and separate shower. We had a nice view of Las Vegas where we could see the strip which was pretty for the sunset, and the other side has a view of the pool and Red Rock Canyon.. . This place has a bowling alley, movie theater, huge casino, restaurants, beautiful pool, amazing spa, and great helpful staff. If you are looking for a place to vacation away from the Vegas scene, this is it.
Years ago, I stayed here for my birthday and on my last visit to see family, I stopped in, but didn't get a room this time. . . I enjoy that there's a property of this caliber, off the strip. It's still clean and hopefully stays that way. It's modern but doesn't make you feel like you don't belong. Restaurants and lounges aka bars as well as movie theater and of course - gaming. I don't remember but I believe there's a bowling alley too. . . It's a fun property. I took a break from my tour guide duties, showing family around to play a little, drink a little and people watch a little. . . Good times ... suprisingly from a Station Casino property. . . By the way, on a separate note - when I did get a room, they were awesome. I didn't hang in the pool area but I did get a massage. A little pricey but I remember the pain being a little less thanks to a coupon special.
This place has is def. nice.
As the 5 star rating says "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" . . I love this place the main reason is their buffet, of all the station casinos Red Rock has to have the best buffet ive been to! the variety is awesome and the food is great!! . . The casino is always very clean and never packed with kids (A plus!)
This was the first time I stayed here away from the Vegas strip. I was a little worried as I didn't know what to expect but my stay here was more than what I thought it would be. I was glad that this place has almost everything you would need in order to have a fun time. When I was going into the parking lot, the place looks more like a shopping center. There's a wide variety of restaurants and activities. I was surprised they even have a bowling alley. I'm more of a rest and relaxation type of person so I was glad I was able to freely go in and out of the resort area. The lounge chairs, beds, sofas and lap pool was very comfortable with the soothing music playing the background. I feel that this place has something for everyone. The room was also very comfortable. I opted for the mountain view but was a bit disappointed. I thought that the view would be more of the Red Rock Canyon, but it was more of the pool area, the surrounding suburban area, then finally Red Rock Canyon. Their website made it seem like it was closer to the canyon. Either way, this place calmed my worry and answered with an all-in-one Vegas experience. . . For more details of my experience with high quality photos, please check these links out: . . . http://www.styleat30.com/red-rock-casino-and-resort-review-part-1-pool-and-spa/. . http://www.styleat30.com/red-rock-casino-and-resort-review-part-3-the-signature-suite-meals/
Red Rock Resort makes for quite the getaway.  It's off the strip, but we ended up really liking the seclusion of the place.  And, even though it's a little farther out there is still tons to do there.  They indeed have everything from numerous pools, spa, casino, bars, numerous restaurants, Starbucks, Yard House, a movie theater, and bowling alley.  Very impressive.  . . And the rooms, they were amazing!  Very modern with lovely views of the pool.  Also loved the bathroom and the huge tub with a tv mounted on the wall for viewing.  Ahhhhh!. . The pool area was the happening place and the wait staff was quick to supply drinks and food.  We were there for July 4th and they put on a great firework display and everyone watched from the pool area!. . I loved it all and can't wait to return to relax and drop some cash!
My husband and I spent the weekend here for our anniversary. We recently movedto Las Vegas but had not yet been down here to the Red Rock. I'm really glad we decided to stay here. . . The room itself was beautiful- very new and modern decor and a great view from our room. The biggest complaint was the TV/Cable quality was a bit poor. Can't the hotel afford a nicer, better quality picture? Also, we tried to use the CD player/Radio but it was broken. Meh, not a big deal though, we weren't there to watch TV or listen to music. The bathroom was also big and pretty. We used the tub and were impressed by the size. . . The casino is nice because there is plenty of room to walk and talk, lots to look at and plenty of slots and tables to play at. It seems that a lot of locals come here for a bit of fun. We sat at a Texas Hold 'Em table with our dealer, Rose who was way awesome. My husband had never played at a casino table before but she was so nice and patient and very personable. We stayed at this table for quite a while because she was so much fun, it almost made us forget how much money we were spending! Anyway, she was great but when it came time for her break, the next dealer (another woman whose name I can't remember) was awful- she seemed unsure of the rules and spoke unprofessionally to another guest at the table. It put us off and we decided to leave. . . We did have a chance to try the buffet at the casino. It was great. Great price, good food. It's no five star restaurant but it was great for brunch. And I got a few Mimosa's so I had no complaints. . . Overall, everything about the Red Rock Casino & Hotel was lovely. My husband and I had a great weekend. We will more than likely return for another stay here. I would highly recommend this hotel to friends.
We spent the day here on a recent trip to Las Vegas.  The resort is a beautiful 20 minute getaway from the craziness of the strip.   The casino was cleaned and smelled good,  which I can not say for most of the casinos I have been in.  We ate in the buffett for lunch and there was enough quality food to feel like it was worth the money.  The bowling alley and the movie theater were a nice break. And best of all... I won 4000.00 on the $1.00 video poker machine.  I will be back for sure!!
Had the best time here in our staycation. The staff was very nice and the room was really nice. The view was very beautiful. Our room over looked the pool and the mountains. I would like to spend a few more days here!. . The great thing about the Redrock, they have a lot of things for parents to send there kids to do. Movies, Arcade, Kids Quest, Pool, Bowling and a cool food court.
Just like the name, this place rocks. When visiting Vegas I would rather drive to Red Rock Casino than the strip any day. Keep up the great service, great prices.. . From a Yard House Brew Pub to T Bones Steak House. My new fav.
A beautiful and newer property. This place is really nice. The casino is bigger than a lot of strip hotels and it's certainly newer than most. . . The Buffet is reasonably priced especially if you get a players card. The downside is that it's a long drive from the airport or the strip. If you had to get a taxi it would cost you to get there, but you would save money on eating and rooms and really enjoy the place. . . A lot of locals come here for fun. I see why.
For those of you who want the positves of Vegas (gambling, sports books, well appointed rooms, fine dining) without the negatives (excessive smoking, degenerate gamblers, high miminimums at tables, and crowded everything) then Red Rock is your place.  We spent a quick day there and even though it was the 30th of December and a Saturday, it was downright pleasant.  Ate dinner at "T-Bone", hung out at the sports book, had a bite at the Yard House, played $1 dollar craps and never felt cramped.  Best detail: the spa is free!  They have wet and dry sauna and a hot and cold pool.  No extra charge.. . Next best detail: Lucille's BBQ is coming.  If you are not familiar with Lucille's it is a chain in SoCal where the wait on a Friday is 2 hours....portions are Flinestone like.. . Excellent place, great service, and for a drive 20 minutes outside of the strip, well worth the extra time to get there.
This is one of the best hotels I have been to. The best things in their room is the huge tub, the big shower, the comfortable beds, and the giant screen tv. Also this hotel has the best buffet ever the food is so good.  The best of all is the arcade the biggest arcade ever I won a lot of things with all my tickets. So if you want to come here go ahead because it is a awesome hotel.
I had the privilege of visiting this place on new years weekend.  Safe to say that I was pleasantly surprised!  Last trip to vegas, I stayed at Green Valley, which was also nice, but the atmosphere and all here at the Red Rock was more to my preference.. Like everyone else has mentioned, there's no local degenerates trolling around, and no thugs.  Just a lot of mid to upper class tourists enjoying their vacation.  People of all ages will feel comfortable here.. Everything in this place pops and screams that it's brand spankin new.  Very classy and tasteful, and most importantly comfortable.  Nothing looked out of place, and nothing was under construction - just one complete and well thought out resort.  . Casino has all kinds of price ranges to satisfy everyone, as well as full pay video poker (good luck findin those on the strip).  Restaurants and bars were top notch, movie theater was nice, valet was underground and takes you right to the casino.. The only regret I had, was that I chose to visit this place last on my trip, and only got to spend a day here.  I recommend this place to anyone, visit it at least once on your next trip.
WELL SLAP ME IN THE FACE AND CALL ME SUSAN!!. . This place is the SH$&!!! . . Excuse my French, but really it is. Let me start by saying it is about 20 minutes from the strip, in upscale Summerlin. If you want that crazy crowded scene that the strip offers, this is not the place for you, however, if you like a laid back, upscale, chic style resort, book your reservation now. . . The music that played throughout the hotel was nice.I have never heard such laid back, relaxing, yet rock style elevator music. The over-all look of the resort is grown & sexy, with nice chandeliers everywhere. . . We stayed in the signature suite, it boasted a dining area, huge living room, wet bar area and a large flat screen TV. There was a fantastic view of red rock mountains, from nice floor to ceiling windows. The drapes were sexy and push button. The suite had 2 bathrooms in total. The master suite had a huge king bed, flat screen TV and  huge windows as well with a nice view of mountains and pool area which they call the backyard. It had many pools, from large size to small private pools. It also had many cabanas and plenty of attentive staff to serve you. Our bathroom was huge with a perfect deep sunk in spa tub, double sinks and a huge waterfall shower. The bathroom was all glass and marble....Let me not forget about the flat screen TV right above the tub for your viewing pleasure!. . The hotel itself has several restaurants, a couple of clubs, a mall, bowling alley and a movie theatre. You literally didn't have to leave for anything. They even had kidsquest. This place was great, you can leave your kids there for up to 6 hours, the cost varies from the age of the child. If I remember correctly, my 10 year old was about $6 an hour and my 6 month old baby boy was $8 an hour. The facility was so clean and cute. The baby section was well staffed with tumble time and lots of love and toys. The bigger kids area had a mini size cafe where they can order food and pay with a credit card that you load with money before you leave. If the children run out of money, they call you to see if you wish to add more. They had a stage with instruments, and microphones etc for the kids to put on shows, in addition to video games and much, much more. My daughter begged me to take her every day. . . The best moment we had as far as customer care was when we called valet and asked if we could come down and retrieve our iPods from the car. They did better than that, they went and got them and brought them up to our room, along with a few bags we had forgot about in the truck. Our stay was so enjoyable that we ended up staying a extra night, they were more than willing to extend our stay for the same rate.. . Would I stay here again? Yes, and I have, 3 more times since our first stay.
I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for work and I was pleasantly surprised at how nice it was. Had I not stayed here due to a conference I had to attend I would never venture to this location as it's off the strip. I would've missed out on this gem. . . The hotel was very modern. The bathroom was extravagant with a flat screen tv in the tub, and a separate room for the toilet. Like Wynn, the tv in the room greets you by name. I'm always fond of personalized things. Actually, you will be impressed prior to entering the room! Each room has a sunken entry way that resembles a home or a condo. I felt like I was coming home, not checking into a hotel. Outside your door is a gigantic potted plant (can't recall whether it's real). Its little touches like this that sets hotels apart from one another. . . Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to explore the rest of the hotel due to being stuck in my "exciting" conference. However, to me the room is more important than slot machines and scent of cigarettes.
Thoroughly enjoyed our stay here from Feb 23 - 26.. . . Starting with the reception desk, we had a very warm and efficient welcome, and want to give a special shout out to Desayana (hope I got the name right), who was on staff the evening of Feb 23rd and who ensured we had a wonderful room on the 16th floor, with a view of the canyon and swimming pools. She must have read our minds, because this is exactly what we were hoping to get and without us asking specifically for it, she booked it for us. Exceptional service!. . Parking at the resort is a snap, even on a Saturday night.. . The rooms were very clean and modern, and the hallways around the resort are gorgeous.  Other folks have complained about the walk to and from the rooms, but I've stayed in places with longer walks and given how nice the hallways are did not mind the walk at all.. . The casino was very clean and well appointed and the dealers and cocktail waitresses very friendly and considerate.  We are not gamblers so they were patient with our amateur ways.  . . We ate at the Yardhouse twice and had really good food both times and good beer, of course.  We really enjoyed Fatburger for burgers (obvious, right, but the breakfast burger was also good)  and drinks in a few of the bars. The swimming pool was really nice, and not crowded this time of year (I was one of two people in it). . . Red Rock Canyon is just a short drive away and worth the trip to get a different feel for Vegas - many restaurants and stores down Charleston and close to the hotel in case you forgot anything.  . . One suggestion though to the Red Rock - please put coffee makers in the rooms and cover the service under the resort fee - such a nice touch to not have to get dressed in the morning for coffee downstairs.. . We would stay here again without question and highly recommend it. . . Thank you for a great birthday, Red Rock!
One of the better hotels I have ever stayed at, clean, great views, the staff is outstanding!
Red Rock Salon. I just moved to Vegas and tried a few Salons but was not thrilled. i decided to give Red Rock Salon a try and was glad I did. Michael gave me the best Haircut and Color I have ever gotten. He was on time, professional, knowledgeable and seemed to love his job. The Salon was clean and beautiful. I can't wait to try the Spa next!
Very well put together, very organized, and the atmosphere is very nice (:.
This place is titz!
- Both Red Rock and Green Valley (same owners, under Station Casinos) are really nice but Red Rock has the edge since it's in Summerlin so closer to me.  As a bonus it's across from Costco.. - Regal Cinemas and bowling, so family friendly.
I love this casino very close to my house. Always go there for the movie theater and bowling. Great places to eat at!
I definitely enjoyed my first visit here. I did not stay in the hotel but had dinner here twice and gambled. Next time I plan on staying here.
Red Rock has is my favorite local casino because of its quality Regal movie theatre, modern bowling alley, great restaurants (casual & classy), busy poker room, and the circle bar inside the table games (classy, open design).  It's one of the newest local casinos, and since it is off the strip, it's more chillax!
Amazing visit to a out-of-strip resort. Having a VIP uncle that comped absolutely everything only sweetened the deal.. . Anyways, will try to keep this unbiased as possible:. . Impression: Very nice property for being so far out of the strip. Definitely quieter, but no less packed actually (at least when we visited). . . Room: Fairly basic, but clean and tasteful. Shower drain a bit slow, but accompaniments are nice. No "lingering smoke" or off-odors, which is expected for a new property. Comfortable bed (the most important part).. . Casino: Fairly clean and smoke-free in certain areas -- especially for a "local's casino". Selection of games great. I don't play table games though, so no idea there. As always, if you expect to come out of a casino with more money than you came in with, you're out of your mind. . . Amenities: Very nice. Outstanding pool area. Abundant stores, Starbucks, nice decor. Great landscaping, etc. Giant-sized bowling alley (but I suck at bowling, lol). Big cimena (that we totally didn't have time to go to; touring 12 casinos a day and snapping multiple CF's worth of photos doesn't give you a lot of time for anything else).. . Restaurants: It was nice skipping the buffet and having comped meals at all the expensive places. Really, it was nice :). . - Italian: Yay REAL PARAMIGIANO REGGIANO! (got a massive amount of that to take home). Great pasta dishes. The crab special is wonderful.. . - Japanese (Hachi): Really good food overall (prime ny strip, lobster dishes, uni, etc). I have to particularly emphasize their ramen -- it's near impossible to get a good bowl of real japanese ramen (the non-instant stuff) back in Houston, and I have to make a note of theirs. Inexpensive too (the ramen, not the overpriced lobster dishes). . . Overall, a truly compelling alternative to the Strip. Even better if you have a ride (rental car, or better yet, friends in LV). That was an unforgettable trip.
We just loved this place and would come back again...and again...and.... Our first time in Vegas since 1996 and we chose this hotel via recommendations from a friend and a web site that provides information about family-friendly hotels in Las Vegas.  The ambiance, warm and friendly greeting at the door, helpful front desk personnel, a friendly and helpful bell hop, and a spacious room were what awaited us at check in.  Then we got to see the casino, food court, restaurants, and the back yard, and we knew we were in for a treat.  After breakfast on the following day, we bowled 3 games in the 60-lane, on-site, computerized scoring bowling alley before heading out to the back yard and one of the largest swimming pools we have ever seen.  After spending a couple of hours there, we had a nice dinner at The Feast buffet and then retired for the night.  Oh yeah, we played a little in their casino as well and had a wonderful time. Our workout in their fitness center the following morning was great.  We would definitely come back for another stay and would recommend this hotel to all of our family and friends especially those with children because this is definitely a hotel for families.
Had a staycation here last weekend and LOVED it! Staff are helpful and friendly, suites are spacious and upscale, casino doesn't rob you QUITE as much as Strip casinos do, and valet parking makes me feel good about leaving my vehicle. We had a comp stay this time, but will definitely pay regular rates to go back.. . T-Bones Steakhouse is AMAZING! If you stay at RR, don't miss out on this restaurant... the Steakhouse Salad will be stuck on my taste buds until next time...and I'm hoping "next time" will be in the next week!
Love the poker room.  The hotel setup is amazing.  Love the options to do non gaming things such as bowling, movies, and Yard House.  Easily my favorite casino/resort in town.
Clean, Classy and Lucky!!. Ate at their Sushi restaurant and it was amazing! This was the 1st time I tried this place in the many years I've visited Vegas and I would definitely go back!!
I love Red Rock!  It is such an awesome casino!. . We frequent Red Rock often because it is close to us as well as being just a great place.  This casino has everything you could want all in one place.  They have a ton of restaurants, from food court options to steakhouses and everything in-between.  If you can't find something to eat here, you must not like food at all.  I think the highlights in the food arena would be the Capriotti's, LBS Burger, Yard House, and T-Bones.  I have eaten at even more places and have always enjoyed the meal, but these few really are extra tasty.. . Red Rock also has fun, non-gaming, family things to do as well.  There is a great movie theater that show regular movies and 3D ones as well.  They have a huge bowling alley with a great snack bar with awesome cheese fries, because that is the most important part of a bowling alley in my book.  The spa here is also lovely.  It is beautiful and lovely and oh so relaxing.  Ahhhhhhh.. . On top of family things, they have adult venues as well.  The club-like place, Cherry, is  a fun place to hang out and party without the craziness of the clubs on the Strip.  They also have a big venue for outdoor concerts.  It isn't huge like Sam Boyd, but big enough to get great bands.  I have been to a couple concerts here and have always enjoyed the experience.  . . The hotel side is great as well.  We have done staycations here and never want to go home at the end of our stay.  The rooms are beautifully decorated and very modern.  They have huge tubs with a tv in the bathroom, so you can relax in bubbles and watch some great tv.  The pool for the hotel is a fun place hang out and enjoy a cocktail.. . I love Red Rock and you will too, if you go check it out!
spend some good amount of time at this place, and very friendly people, and the customer service is very good.
Goin to win mega bucks! my favorite hang out!
Great casino off the strip for locals. You don't have to deal with all of the tourists, like you have to on the strip. The Red Rock has my favorite sports book of all the casinos in Vegas. Nothing is better than NFL Sundays at the Red Rock. Doesn't get any better than that.. . The Red Rock has a great pool area and very nice rooms. They have luxury suites up top with amazing views of the valley. There are many restaurants to choose from when you get hungry. They have Lucile's, Yard House, T-Bones, LBS Burger, Feast Buffet, and a few more places. There is also a Food Court.. . There is also a Regal Cinema in the building and they also have a huge bowling alley. They even have a place to check young children in to where they can play while you are in the casino. I would never leave my kid there, but it is there if you want to.. . Great place over all!!
Here we go- this is by far my favorite place to go to relax. . Yes it is Vegas but the serene dessert will really relax you and you get the best of both worlds with the nightlife.. At the Spa I got a massage, a scrub a facial and lunch. All totally and completly worth it. I came here on a double date weekend with my sister and her husband and the girls were able to get pampered while the guys went out. Everyone just love it. Make it out here at least once a year and treat yourself!
I love coming here to cash my paychecks! Free drink plus a spin to win more! I look forward to my free drink every payday!
One thing for sure is Red Rock knows how to take care of their guests. Spa treatment is great and the staff are fun. I appreciate having a fun but relaxing time and then taking a relaxing drive out to Red Rock Park and enjoy the loop as the suns coming down.
I love the location of this casino and what they have to offer. It's located in Summerlin, which is a really nice area. They have a movie theatre, which we go to very often and a food court. We come to Red Rock to watch movies and to eat with friends. It's convenient to get into because it's located right off the 215 freeway.
I got a chance to visit Red Rock several years ago, literally days after the grand opening.. . I only checked out the casino and a couple of restaurants, but can't really comment on the rooms as I haven't stayed yet.. . Five stars all the way, although I recall losing quite badly here in a very short timeframe.. . If booking a stay, be sure to check out the rules for incidental deposits and resort fees - this place is top notch, and I'm sure their requirements are much higher than the norm, as the case is with Green Valley Ranch.. . Definitely recommend, although you might have a bit of better gaming luck at Arizona Charlie's Decatur a few streets down.
Went to the Red Rock Resort Casino for My 30th Wedding Anniversary. And it was Fantastic!!!  Check in was smooth,  the bellman were speedy, and the room was  Luxurious!  With a view of the strip! From my 16th floor location.  The resort is a one stop shop location, everything you need is there!  Dinning, dancing, Gambling and fun!  From bowling to movie theaters to food courts to Gourmet dining to the Feast Buffet! It's all there.  The rooms have floor to ceiling windows the bathrooms are marble, with double sink vanities and marble deep soaking Tub! With a flat screen over the soaking Tub! Nice big marble shower! And a separate water closet for your privacy.   42inch flat screens on the wall in the living area!  The staff is very helpful and willing to serve to aid in your good time!   Great spa/fitness center so you can work off those lbs from all that 5 star dinning!  Here's a plus...costco is right down the street so you can get that bottle of adult beverage of you choice at a costco price!  With the dip and chips for your room,  sweet!!!  So if you want - 5 Star Dinning - 5 Star lodging - 5 Star Resort Fun - and be treated like your their Best Guest!!!!  This place is a no brainer.  We did go down to the strip, saw the lights and then ran back to Red Rock to relax and have Fun!  Last but not least, make a trip to the Red Rock Conservation Area, it is Mind Blowing!!!!  It's so Beautiful and peaceful.  You can hike or have a picnic lunch or just hang with nature,  Nice...over all the Red Rock Resort is a Experince you must Experince!   This will be my regular stop when I go to Vegas!
I stayed at Redrock Casino for a recent conference. I had my apprehensions due to the distance from the strip but they were all put to rest upon my arrival. . . This place is great! Huge rooms. Clean casino. It seems like they really paid attention to the details when they put this place together. . . Their in-casino and in room dining is great. Good food and excellent option. . . The thing that really impressed me most was the staff. They were very accommodating and friendly. One night after a big dinner I needed a bit of help finding my room and they did oblige. Great people!
I love this hotel. This is my all time favorite hotel. I love its location way off the strip and so close to the beautiful red rocks canyon. . The staff are nice and friendly. The decor is great. There are so any convenient places to eat inside the hotel and neighboring. . The rooms are big. Comfy big king size bed. Flat screen tv. Big bathroom with a big stand alone shower and big deep tub. And awesome smelly toiletries. . I'd stay here any day anytime.
This review is for the casino portion only. We loved Red Rock...almost better than casinos on the strip. It was about a 20 minute drive from our hotel, but well worth it. Parking is a bit of a hassle, but the casino is so nice. Great decor, friendly staff, strong drinks, several good restaurants to choose from. There is a whole family friendly section here, too. Large movie theater and arcade for families with children. A huge plus, their machines definitely pay out. We won most of our money here :)
We have stayed at a few hotels in the Las Vegas area. We have our favorites based on different desires. When staying at non gaming hotels we like Element, Rumor and if we are looking to dance the night away, we'll even put up with the rude maids who seem to run The Artisan.. . Our favorite hotels with easy access to a Casino has been Vdara, Encore,Treasure Island, Palazzo, and the Venetian.  If we had to chose 1 my wife would say Encore, I would say Palazzo.  That was until we stayed at the Red Rock Hotel.. . It has been our experience that the swankier hotel's front desk staff seem to act as though THEY own the hotel.  We've grown to hate the arrogance that comes across but  since we only interact with them for about 15 min at a time we just ignore any snooty attitudes provided as they don't cross a line.. . Because we enjoy staying in nicer hotels we had grown to expect poor attitudes especially when booking through a third party (Priceline, Expedia, Trip Advisor, ect...).  This was definitely NOT the case at Red Rock.  We were treated as if we were long time VIP's.  When our reservations weren't sent to the hotel in a timely manner the very patient front desk person (named) Parker sought out assistance from his peers.  Randy came out to assist by speaking with the 3rd party's customer service rep on the phone in order to assist us in checking in.  . . The only exception was when we went to the bell desk.  We needed a way to charge our cell phones.  There were 3 employees at the Bell Desk. One of whom appeared to be a supervisor.  When asked if they had something that we could use to charge our iPhone's they looked at us as though we had requested something that they've NEVER heard before in their lives.  The gentleman in the suit stated that we MAY BE ABLE to get help from the concierge BUT we'd have to wait until the morning.  I couldn't wait for the morning so I sought out Randy's help. Without missing a beat, he stepped up and quickly provided a means for us to charge our phones.  . . Fortunately the hotel has the front desk staff who appear to be happy to assist their customers.  It is because of them that we will be returning (probably on a regular basis).  It is obvious that they're willing to go the extra mile.
I need to mention this resort and give it 5 stars... I have seen this place many times in driving around Vegas but never came inside, much less stayed here.  Wow!!!  This place is amazing - reminds me like the way Vegas was about 10 years ago on the strip when it wasn't so crowded and hard to park in the 5-story parking structures.  Also, the gambling tables are reasonable - there are even a $5 craps and blackjack tables during day.  The room is very quiet - must have soundproof glass or something, but great views from the rooms of the mountains.. . You can park just outside - easy walk - the hotel itself is clean, very pimp - great pools, GREAT restaurants - we ate at T-Bones for Christmas Eve and it was 5-star food - the cafe is good as well - I don't know if I would recommend the buffet, but if you like long lines, it probably has good food, as there are long lines there almost all the time.. . We would stay here again.
Finally we have found a nice host at Red Rock... Jamie goes out of his way to be accommodating. This is so nice as having a host with UMS can ruin your fun at a casino. It would seem like the first requirement for a host would be to check for UMS. Ugly Mood Syndromeif they have it. Do not hire them. Lol. Anyway, we now have a great host & all is well at Red Rock for is. So ask for Jamie!!!
