was there this past weekend with a group of 7 people... not a disappointed person in the party. the staff was super friendly and accomodating (we had children with us). i had mushroom crusted filet medallions. so good. we got sides of grits, corn and steamed broccoli... all three were great. we also ordered a few desserts, the banana cream pie was outrageous. so fresh and tasty. i didnt have the wine but my friends really enjoyed the bottle that was recommended to them.
my bruddahs had our "boy's" bachelor party dinner over there couple years ago. (peeps from california). 1. great service.. 2.waited on us constantly.. 3. great steaks & sides.. 4. expensive cost = excellent customer satisfaction.. 5. should be best of las vegas.. 6. must dress nice for this location.. 7. bar immediately close by as a waiting area, with giant lcd t.v. screens for sports.
Just hit this place for the 3rd time in 2 years and this place never let's down.  I was there just this past weekend during a very busy time at the Venetian with 2 major conventions going on.  We were fortunate enough to get a reservation with the host we prefer at 7:30 pm.  Game on!!. . Service is impeccable.  We have a specific host who takes care of us when we come in so I suggest you get to know yours cause it does make getting reservations much easier.  Not only that, but you have a better time in general when you feel you have a friend there.  And trust me, I'm no high roller.. . Each section has its own host and several supporting cast.  Some hosts are better than others so again if you like yours try to stick with him/her.  They usually start you with an amuse bouche compliments of the chef.  Always different and always outstanding.  It's no meal just a way of getting your taste buds started.  The food will be brought as per normal or as you request.  You're in control so let them know what you want and they will help you better.  Even with wine selections of which they have a large selection.  The place can get a lot of hustle (not normal) so just try to sit tight and enjoy your meal.  They won't rush you so don't rush yourself.  . . I go straight for the steak but i hear the appetizers are fantastic.  I highly recommend the Wet/Dry Aged Bone In Rib Eye Medium.  The outside will be crusted just right with a pat of house made butter on top.  Inside will be pink and juicy (order med/rare if you want blood) and soft not chewy.  The meat will melt in your mouth as this cut has just the right amount of marbling (great now I want one).  Desert?  The steak is desert enough for me (lol).  . . Service is impeccable.  We have a specific host who takes care of us when we come in so I suggest you get to know yours cause it does make getting reservations much easier.  Not only that, but you have a better time in general when you feel you have a friend there.  And trust me, I'm no high roller.. . Don't forget, Bone in Rib Eye!!
Best...steakhouse...ever.  This was going to be the place our family went to where we weren't going to even look at the prices.  The bone-in rib eye was fantastic, all the sides were delicious, and the service was outstanding.  If you are looking for a great steak anda wonderful, special dining experience, visit Delmonicos
Phenomenal!  Came back here to celebrate a birthday and everything was what I expected and more.  My requests for a particular table were all handled without any problems.  . . I am usually a New York Strip guy, but I was hungry so I opted for the bone in ribeye for the first time here.  Birthday girl had the filet mignon. Sides included smashed potatoes and broccoli. . . Bone in ribeye: Humongous! Probably 20oz. +  Beautifully crusted, with just the right amount of seasoning. Steak as always, cooked perfectly medium rare, which made for an amazingly juicy and flavorful experience. . . Filet Mignon: Now normally I am not a filet person, but I did try a piece or maybe two.  Beautiful crust and to my surprise it also had excellent flavor.  Tender as you would expect from a great cut of Filet Mignon.  However, still not as juicy as my steak was.. . Service as usual, impeccable.  Insanely large wine list, with almost every wine imaginable.  Complimentary amuse bouche and bread are also delicious.
Worth the cost.. The food is amazing.  We ordered steaks and shared lots of pasta and other appetizers.  It is the meal I want to have before dying.. . We ended up in a worse table location bc we were pretty late, but they still got us in.  Also, the spot we were at was cold bc of a draft and they quickly fixed the problem.. . Fun for a dinner out with friends.. . Staff was exceptional.
Stopped by Delmonico's for my birthday, per a recommendation from a friend... and I would not hesitate to come again.  I had the Bone-in Ribeye and it was by far the best steak I've ever head, juicy and tender, and everything you want in a steak.  I ordered some sides but wasn't even necessary, I couldn't even finish the steak!  Service was great.  A little on the pricey side but worth spending the money at least once.
Great ambiance.  Heirloom tomato salad appetizer was perfect way to start.  Steak was perfectly cooked and superb flavor.  Desert was delicious.  Not a cheap place, but worth it.
My very favorite steak. It would be my last meal on earth if served with a well aged cab.
Always a 5 star time at Delmonico's the ambiance, service & food always makes we leave with a smile. There have been times, where I try other steak houses when in Vegas, but I always leave saying. "Not as good as Delmonico's"... My order is usually the same each time; start with the Truffle Chips, then Lobster Bisque (mmmmmmmm),  sides Cream of Spinach and Cream of Corn... then the BONE IN RIB EYE - MEDIUM....    . . I'm smiling just thinking about it....
This was a very noisy but wonderful restaurant.  The steaks are huge and delicious.  Perfectly cooked with the spices/butter you want. We had the Caesar salad for 2 and my only complaint was that it could have used more anchovies.  The boneless rib eyes were delicious and huge.  They only marked up the Veuve CliquotChampagne 3x what I can buy it for at Costco, so we splurged for my mother's 80th birthday. The waiters were attentive and we had a wonderful time.  Don't go there on a diet.
had a great bone in t-bone steak for dinner a couple of weeks ago!!! damn steak hasn't change still as good as the last time i had it!!!! . . although they have change the chef and some of the wait staff, but everything still the same great service and same taste of food!!!!! love this place
I came here back in 2005 with my family and had a phenomenally memorable meal. Six years later -- I came back this past weekend and it was STELLAR. Extensive wine list, excellent service, ridiculously buttery brioche bread, great cocktails, and of course, the food!. . For apps, my party had the truffle chips (so rich but delish!), squash ravioli with duck confit (superb), lobster bisque (mmm with large lobster chunks), and the wedge salad (as perfect as a classic wedge gets). . . For entrees, I had the filet mignon that was PERFECTLY cooked to a true medium-rare. I often find that, when I order med-rare, more often than not, highly rated restaurants overcook my meat to more of a med to med-well, which is can be disappointing. Well, here at Delmonico, it was PERFECT! Friends got the bone-in ribeye and the huge $85 Fred Flinstone steak (I forget the official name), all cooked to perfection. The 2007 Joseph Phelps Cab paired divinely with the steaks. . . Sides:  creamed corn was mind-blowing; creamed spinach was good but didn't knock my socks off (compared to everything else which did). . . We were too stuffed to order a dessert, but we received a complimentary birthday gelato. Nice gesture, but it was not so great -- I think it was a non-conventional flavor, like fennel or something?. . Overall, I would definitely return the next time I'm in the mood for a (pricey) steak dinner in Vegas!!! Emeril is a genius!
Awesome steak and great service. Sometimes in Vegas you get the snobby attitude and mediocre food. Here I got an unreal steak and great service. It is pricey, but it's Vegas! Everything is pricey!!
Favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas. Conveniently located in The Venetian and servers are very attentive. Classy, noise level wasn't too high, they even help the ladies with their chair when they sit. Big list of wine choices and they have huge cuts of rib-eye. Full bar you can order drinks from when you first enter the restaurant.. . My first time I came with 2 other friends, I believe I ordered the bone-in Ribeye, which is unbelievably HUGE. It was literally bigger than my face. I got my ribeye in medium rare, and came out to be just right. Lots of butter, and we also ordered a couple sides. Picked out a bottle of wine which was the perfect topping to our fatty peices of steak.. . They also serve dinner rolls! Warm and soft, and lots of butter =]. . I came back in recent March and ordered a smaller cut, also in medium rare but it wasn't as good as my first time here. Ate here with one other person, he ordered filet mignon which was very tender. We each ordered a glass of wine, although I'd rather choose a bottle instead next time as there are more choices of wine. Also had the lobster bisque, which I absolutely LOVE, so creamy but it was a little thin. Not too many pieces of lobster meat either. Ordered one side, a baked potato which was a little on the dry side.. . There was a small fly that kept flying around us during dinner... It ended up in my water.... . Had creme brulee for dessert, they also serve homemade madeleine cookies with the creme brulee, both were very good.
Very big portions and the service is amazing! The mashed potatoes and mushrooms were so good! It's expensive so make sure you only take the person that you really really REALLY (did I mention really) love lol!
Great ambiance. Great Service. things we ordered. . -Emeril's New Orleans Barbecue Shrimp: This was not good. I would have rather had just shrimp and salt.. -Ahi Tuna & Salmon Tartare: This was average. It was tasty, I enjoyed it but nothing stood out from it. . -Truffle and Parmesan Potato Chips: Guys at our table couldn't get enough of it. It was really good. The truffle oil was amazing!. -Caesar Salad Prepared Tableside for Two: This was okay. It was kinda cool they made it for you on the side fresh. Small portion for the cost.. . -Bone-in Ribeye: This was very juicy, had tons of flavor. There were some spots where it was very chewy but still very good.  The portion size was very big. Some of the guys could not finish it.. -New Orleans Creamed Spinach- I didnt like it at first but I acquired the taste and thought it was tasty by the last bite I had.. -Creamed Corn Gratinee - VERY GOOD. first item to go at our table. Sauteed Garlic Wild Mushrooms- great mushrooms, hard to mess it up. but a good compliment to the steak. . -Pecan Pie - First off I like pecan pie. And this is as good as it gets! no more to say. Get this.. . -Emeril's Banana Cream Pie - This was good one of the better banana cream pie I had, but the pecan pie was just too good that this just tasted alright.
I just arrived into Las Vegas tonight for a business trip and I headed straight to Delmonico's.  I have been wanting to try an Emeril Lagasse restaurant and in particular Delmonico's.. . I walked in and got seated quickly......it was 5pm and there were only a coulple tables that were taken.. . After looking over the menu, I ordered the lobster bisque, creamed corn and a bone in rib eye steak.  After ordering, I was given warm rolls which I quickly ate three of them.....they were fluffy, and super tasty with butter.. . The lobster bisque was outstanding.....very creamy and full of lobster flavor.   I thought Craftsteak, Capital Grille and the Palm had the best lobster bisque....Delmonico's is right up there with being one of the best.. . . The steak came out perfect........juicy, tender and just the right amount of marbling.  The creamed corn was equally as good as the steak and bisque.  It was sweet....not too creamy.....super yummy.. . For desert, I had the banana cream pie......a super, super pie filled with banana cream, whipped cream and tons of bananas.. . Overall, one of my best steak meals...ever!. . The service was excellent and the ambiance/decor was very, very romantic.  A great place for a Valentines or Anniversary dinner!. . I will be back.....one of the best on the Strip!
I've been to Delmonico's twice. Both times have been awesome. The wait staff is always very attentive and genuinely nice. They are also very knowledgeable about the menu and are happy to answer any questions one may have.. . The truffle parmesan potato chips are downright addictive and the steaks(I've only had the filet mignon) are delicious and well-cooked. The sides are delicious. What else can I say - Delmonico's is the best!
Amazing steak, as well as some of the best service I've ever had at a restaurant.. . My friends and I came here for dinner on a Sunday (with a reservation, just in case), and we decided to split two steaks between 3 girls. We ehard that the portions are very generous, and we also wanted to try out the sides as well.. . We ordered the bone in ribeye, along with the bone in filet mignon with a mushroom sauce (one of the specials of the day).  We also ordered the truffle parmesan potato chips, as well as the creamed corn gratinee and the country smashed potatoes.. . The first thing to come out were the potato chips. Sadly, for a girl who eats potato chips as her main meal frequently, I couldn't partake of them because of the parmesan (I cannot stand stinky cheese).  However, I did at least try ONE, and the texture of the chip (similar to a kettle chip almost), and the slight hint of truffle was amazing. However, the parmesan was still prominent, so I watched sadly while my gfs devoured the chips. I felt as if I was being punished, for some reason.. . Luckily our steaks arrived at that point, and they were HUGE. It was definitely a good idea that we had decided to split two instead of each of us ordering our own.  Our server (who's name I forgot), was incredibly helpful and nice. He brought over a carving table and after presenting the steaks to us, took them aside and carved them all for us.  We got our sides at that point too, and we just dug in.. . The rib eye was incredibly flavorful. I tend to not normally order it because not all places will grill the ribeye properly and I end up with a slightly tough steak (even if ordered at medium). This one had just the right amount or pink, and the seasoning was mild enough so that the flavor of the meat shone through.  . . The filet was also very tender.  While we were eating the filet without the mushroom demiglace, I decided to test it out.  The sauce is based on a reduction of veal stock, and it complimented the steak wonderfully. It didn't mask the taste of the meat at all but just added another dimension to it.  After urging my friends to try the sauce, we quickly started pouring spoonfuls of it over the rest of the steak on our plates.. . The sides were very good as well. The creamed corn had a hint of spice due to some mined jalapenos that were in it. Definitely a trick I am looking forward to trying at home.. . As great as the food was, I was also very impressed with the level of service. You would think that a fancy steak restaurant would be annoyed at the sharing of steaks, but they never batted an eye to our request (apparently a lot of people do this).  In addition, we never felt as if we were waiting to flag down a server whenever we needed assistance.. . For everything we got, the meal itself also came out to be a lot less than I expected (although I'm sure it has to do with the sharing as well). However, we were so full and satisfied from our meal that we promptly fell asleep back in our room and decided against going out that night. That is definitely a sign of a great meal.
Excellent, excellent service. That is the one thing I remember about this restaurant. Everyone who served my party of 4 was so professional from start to finish. The head waiter gave us great recommendations on what steak to select, and which wine would go well with it. I was amazed at all of the little details including refolding my table cloth while I was away at the restroom.. . The food was 5/5 - all of us ordered a medium-rare bone-in ribeye. It was the biggest and juiciest steak I've ever had. Quite unfortunate that I was not able to finish the last third, the serving was that large. Yes, the check for 4 people ended up being several hundred dollars but it was worth every single cent for the dining experience.
Just one word people " FABULOUS" !!!!!! . . It was my first time eating in one of Emeril's restaurants and I'm so happy to say it definitely lived up to all the hype. The food Omg the food was mouth watering I ordered the bbq salmon which was to die for it had diced potatoes and chorizo (I think) The salmon was glazed with bbq sauce and was the best salmon I ever had it was finger liking good and my hubby ordered the bone in rib eye which he loved and for our side we order the grilled asparagus and twice baked potato. The food and service were superb. Next time I'm in Vegas I'm definitely going back !!!!
This was a lucky find at 1PM when Bouchon was an hour wait! Service was really attentive. Had the Salmon and Pot Roast with Banana Cream Pie to boot. Food was really good, not too heavy but definitely filling. The pot roast fell apart without needing a knife. The Banana Cream Pie was delightfully in the place between rich and too rich. Definitely freshly made.. . I would most definitely like to come again at dinnertime.
Being a fan of the Food Network and chef Emeril Lagasse, my girlfriend (fiance the next day!) reserved us a dinner date to this place. I was excited but then again curious on why it was it was so expensive. They must serve some really good cow I thought!. . Anyways, the website said the dress code to be business casual/fine dining. We dressed up but saw a few people came in with shorts and a shirt. They seated us towards the side which was kinda of private from the crowd. It was romantic and our waiter was really nice since we asked for it.. . We started off with a bottle of Cabernet. I don't remember if we had any appetizers or not. If we did, I didn't remember therefor it wasn't a "wow" factor. For the main course, I had the filet minion where as my fiance ordered the famous boned rib-eye. We also ordered some asparagus and gratin potatoes on the side which was excellent. My medium filet was cooked to perfection. When they brought out the rib-eye, we were like, "whoa!" It was huge... Once she digged in, she couldn't keep her knife off it. It was so juicy and delicious! I was actually eying her rib-eye the whole time. We actually swapped our dishes half way. She is generous like that. :). After being buzz off the wine, and bloated off the food, we finished it off with the creme brulee. It just hit the spot.... . The check came out to be around $250. It was well worth it and I will definitely be coming back here in the future.
What a treat!  I expect a lot from a top end steak house and was skeptical that Emeril's name and reputation might be trumped up, but several friends said we had to try his Delmonico steak house.  They were right. . . We ordered the bone-in ribeye and the short ribs.  Both were easily the best examples of meat perfection we'd ever had - seasoned delicately and aged just right for an incredible buttery, nutty flavor that almost makes me think of buttered popcorn or butter toasted pecans. That delicate flavor was well paired with a bold garlic and cheese potato dish that we shared and a very nice bottle of Cain Concept from Napa Valley. . . The staff were very helpful and accommodating - we asked for their names to request them again - we had a "team" including Tom Baker and Braden Guy, both gave expert advice and were supremely attentive without smothering us. . . To top off the meal we had the pecan pie/tart topped with caramel and ice cream.  YUM. . . WILL RETURN ON NEXT LV VISIT FOR SURE!
A trip to Las Vegas just isn't a trip to Vegas without a stop at Delmonico. So I think I've been to Delmonico six or seven times and the operative word is consistency. Always great service, always great food and just overall my favorite steakhouse.. . So what isn't to like about Emeril's house of meat?. . A very well stocked bar, a nice wine list and perfectly cooked steaks.. . I started with the lettuce wedges with fresh blue cheese and got the rib eye. I don't know how they do it but the steaks always have this crispy, char on the outside but have a good juicy center with lots of flavor.. . We shared the grits, corn and mushrooms as sides and they were tasty good.. . Like I said, this is a special occasion place and Delmonico has yet to disappoint. . . Thanks Emeril for always making my trip to Vegas!
I had one of the best meals I have ever had in my life at this resturant! We started with the barbecued shrimp which was amazing. Then I had the lobster bisque soup. This soup was fantastic! I love lobster bisque and this was by far the best bisque I have ever had! For the main course I had the filet minion crusted in wild mushroom bacon and topped with parmesean. OH My GOD! It just melted in my mouth. The service was amazing, the food was fantastic. A bit pricey but worth every single penny. I will definately go back next time I'm in town.
Been wanting to come here , and outta all the times i been to vegas, finally i get here.. . Escargot was DELICIOUS. ceasar salad was also good. Stuffed crabs were small but very good. . Halibut was not oily andbuttery but tasty. Ribeye with foie gras on top was to die for. Filet was very tasty! loved it. . Sides: the mushrooms were amazing! garlic and butter . . DESSERTTT ... banana cream pie , i almost licked the plate. . Also a bottle of syrah. . Total 2 couples.. 600+ after 20% grad.. . Great ambiance and service was impeccable. . Def coming back
The wife wanted to go to a celebrity chef restaurant so I decided on this place from a past good experience. We had a real good time. . .  I had the Pisco Sour as my cocktail, the petite lettuce wedges, filet and mash potatoes. All where freak'n delicious! . . My wife still talks about the filet at this place.You cannot go wrong with this place unless you are vegetarian.. . Another great place at the Venetian is Bouchon.
Everything on the menu is made with a little bit of heaven, a pinch of happiness, and two cups of love. Must try the lobster bisque !!! It's so amazing I considered asking the chef to have my children.
My new husband and I just got married in Vegas on the 4th of August, and we went here on the 6th to celebrate during our vacation. We called for reservations on the day of, and they were able to accommodate us. When we arrived early, we sat in the bar area, and we had the most amazing drinks we both had ever had. I had a "green spade" which had cucumber, basil, and some other stuff in it. It was light, not to sweet and delicious. He had a bloody orange, which is a whiskey cocktail, and he loved it equally. I also had a limelight, which was good, and the best was the dark roast....delicious, smooth and incredible. They were about $14 a piece, and worth every damn penny. We were seated 15 minutes early. We told the waiter that this was our first "casual fine dining" experience, and he was more than informative. Made suggestions throughout the meal, and was personable and forthcoming. They had a nice "Our top Picks" for the wine. We chose a mid-price cab sav. They gave us complimentary truffle cream for an app, and then we ordered the tuna to go with it. The tuna was just average, but we live in Cocoa beach, so it's hard to impress us with seafood. The main event was the bone-in ribeye. I have eaten a shit ton of steak in my life....and DEAR GOD. This steak was impeccable. I didn't need a knife, I used my fork to cut it. The seasoning was just right, and I ordered mine rare, and that was how it was. My husbands was just the right medium rare....and perfect. Now, the only negative part of our meal. I ordered fingerling potatoes and asparagus as our sides. I had to send the potatoes back. They were nearly raw, and dry. The asparagus was edible, but boring. At nine dollars a piece, I expect a little zing. We were too full for dessert, but I'm sure it was great. The service was perfect, three waiters to a table. I was impressed with our overall bill total. They gave us cards that detailed where we sat and what waiters we had, so that we could have the same ones next year when we return for our anniversary. I will def be willing to return for another beautiful, whole experience.
As part of a birthday celebration weekend for two of my cousins, a group of us decided to head to Delmonico Steakhouse for a really nice birthday dinner. We had no idea what to expect of this place, except for the high prices. . . We were running late for our reservation, but we called the restaurant letting them know we were on our way. It was a group of 6, so we really did not want to loose our reservation. They could not have been any more helpful over the phone! Directions were provided, and they kindly held our table until we arrived.. . Upon arrival, we were quickly escorted to our table. Our server kindly welcomed us and wished my two cousins a very happy birthday and memorable meal. After we all ordered our entrees, we were pleasantly surprised with complimentary appetizers for the entire group (halibut ceviche which was to die for!!). Their bread rolls were extremely delicious and always kept coming. Water was always replenished without even asking. Always a step ahead those people! When it came time to receiving our entrees, the wait staff made sure that all our orders were correct before setting them on the table. The dinner was then completed with complimentary sorbet (made in house). Everything was delicious!!! No one had any complaints about anything.. . The service was excellent; above and beyond my expectations of any restaurant. I have been to other restaurants like Delmonico's at The Venetian for birthday celebrations, and none match the superb service and attention of Delmonico. Despite the fact that the restaurant's prices are high, the overall experience, taste of the food, and service make it an exceptional place for any occasion.
Dinner was just awesome! . . We started with the wilted spinach frisee with the poached egg and carmelized bacon... so good. . I had the halibut--perfectly cooked & flaky . My friend had the bone-in ribeye, cooked perfectly . . We finished it off with the chocolate layer cake with coconut ice cream...OMG. . . I'm not a coffee drinker but the my friends also had the Jamaican french press which they loved. . . Michael Jackson was our server-- very attentive and added to the beautiful experience.
I had the best meal of my life here. I'm not even kidding. . . It was five years ago when I was on my honeymoon, and the memory of that meal is still with me. I had the petite filet, which came with a side of blue crab hollandaise risotto. Unfortunately, it's not on the menu anymore. The hubs had the ribeye and said it was the best steak he'd ever eaten. We split a bottle of wine. Dinner was pricey, but so worth it. We probably never would have gone here except some considerate wedding guests went in together and got us a gift certificate. The waitress was SO nice, despite us being completely out of our element. This place is super fancy, and we are more of the bar and grill-type frequenters. Also, when we called and made a reservation, we told them we were on our honeymoon. They brought us a mini-appetizer on the house and congratulated us, which was a nice touch.
This is what every restaurant aspires to be....perfect. Everything is perfect each and every-time.. I have been going for what? ten years maybe?. Their steaks are always cooked to what exactly you ask for.. I LOVE THIS PLACE!
My visit to Delmonico Steakhouse was in August for our annual Wedding Anniversary trip.  A few days ago, we received a postcard from Delmonico Steakhouse - from our waiter Michael Jackson :o). What a nice surprise!!  It was just a short note to say thank you for visiting their establishment and hope to see us soon.  . . A little late - But here's my review..... . Let me start off by saying.. I wasn't too sure about visiting Delmonico Steakhouse since there are sooooo many restaurants that I want to try every time I go to Vegas.  I think we've been to almost ALL the Steak houses in Vegas.  CUT and CRAFT.. some of our favorites.. . Upon arrival.. we were seated within 3 minutes - which is a GREAT start.  People that know me are well aware that I do not like waiting.  . We were directed to a nice booth area and my husband and I were able to sit by each other to "people watch". . . Immediately we were welcomed by our waiter, Michael Jackson.  We started off with 2 glasses of Chardonnay - Light and smooth. . Since I wanted to try so many of the sides and apps.. I decided that I'd just share the steak with my husband..  . . Sooo Here's what we got:. 1. Spinach Frisee Salad with Poached Egg and Candied Bacon. Review:  I was pleasantly surprised that the poached egg was encased in Panko crust and DEEP FRIED.  The candied Bacon.. Amazeballs. . 2. Baked Oysters. Review:  6 lovely oysters Baked with Garlic/parsley/Parmeson  - What's not to love!!. . 3. Fried Potato Chips with Truffle oil and Garlic. Review: AMAZEBALLS!!! NOM NOM NOM  Need I say more. . 4. Creamed Corn. Review:  Creamy, Sweet but great texture. . 5. Grilled Asparagus. Review:  Grilled and seasoned to perfection. . 6. Bone in Rib-Eye. Review:  Seared perfectly.  Light Shade of pink - Just how we like it.. . 7. Pecan Tart. Review:  Amazing. . We will definitely frequent Delmonico Steakhouse.  The Service, The Quality, The Experience.. . . Ask for Michael Jackson!!
Hands down, the best meal I've ever had.. . My boyfriend and I were 20minutes late to our reservation, but they stil accommodated us within 2minutes after getting there. We had THREE servers: one for wine, one for food, and one for.. I don't even know, just to make us feel like royalty!. . We ordered the bone-in rib-eye and the filet mignon. Although the bone-in rib-eye is the most popular steak at the restaurant, my personal favorite is the filet mignon just for its AMAZING tenderness. I'm really bad at describing taste with words, so all I will say is this: perfection. And you HAVE to pair the steaks with the house red wine. It transformed our meal even more.. . And for dessert, we got the banana cream pie.. and I wanted to cry. That honestly the best way for me to describe my experience. I took one bite, and wanted to cry. "It was the best tasting dessert I had ever had in my life" is an understatement.. . Finally, I loved the look of the restaurant. It wasn't as dimly lit was I thought it would be, which I actually was pleasantly surprised about because I'm tired of not being able to see my food. The design is very minimalist but still very sophisticated.. but not TOO sophisticated that regular folks like my boyfriend and I didn't feel out of place.. . Although it was incredibly expensive, the food and the overall experience was so incredible that even my boyfriend, who can be pretty frugal sometimes, said that Delmonico's HAS to be a place we go back to EVERY year. I can't wait for the next time. :)
I go every time I'm in Vegas. Usually three times a year. This place is the best steak house anywhere, hands down. The bone in ribeye is perfected. BBQ shrimp app and banana cream pie to top it all off! Don't miss this gem!
probably the best steak ive had in my life yet.. . first and foremost it is a steakhouse.  so you can go ahead and eat whatever else is on the menu, but if you come to this spot without ever trying their steak youre a foolio.. ive been here several times now and each time my experience is stellar on the social and epicurious level.  good service, fantastic food, youre in vegas, what else do you want? (i guess winning jackpot at the casino would round it off nicely, but thats a whole 'nother story :). . anyway, so in my opinion, dont even bother with the filet mignon, that cut is way over rated, which fancy pants rich people have turned into this "exclusive" non weight bearing tender cut of bovine that the social elite should be eating.  while, all of the tenderness story is true, the flavor is all in the bone in ribeye.  this place uses usda prime aged cut, which is the best you can get.  and get it bone in, the bones give off more flavor in the cooking process.  another sign of a good steak house is if its served with butter, which not every place does, but i personally think makes the meat taste 10x better.. . one other thing i did like about this place is their dinner rolls served to everyone at the beginning of your dinner.  ya ya, dinner rolls, so what.  well, it was actually fresh here.  freshly made, warm, with a little bit of salt on it.  its like being at an awesome steakhouse that has a pan del sal bakery in it!  all in all, it's great food, great service, good location, being in between the palazzo and venetian, thats all you need.  just make sure you bring money, cause this place is on the pricey side, but have no fear, you will get your money's worth!
The best steakhouse I have ever been too!!! I had the filet and it was soooo good! So tender. My hubby had the bone in ribeye and he said that it was the best steak he has ever had. Definitly a must try when in Vegas.. Probably will be going again and again ever time we visit Las Vegas.
I decided to take my wife to Las Vegas for our first anniversary.  She'd never been to Las Vegas, but had always wanted to go.  She asked me if we could get dressed up and go somewhere nice one of the nights we were there.  So after doing a little bit of research I stumbled upon Delmonico.  With a name like Emeril Lagasse associated with the place it had to be good right? I went to the website and looked over their menu.  The prices can be very intimidatingto someone not used to a fine dining experience.  I really appreciated that the prices were on the menu on the website, because I would not have planned ahead otherwise, and might have choked when I saw them.  However, we only have one first anniversary so I decided we should go for it.  . . I called and made a reservation about 5 days in advance, the person on the phone was extremely courteous and helpful.  She asked me if we were celebrating a special occasion.  After I explained it was our first anniversary, she said that she would note it on the reservation.  . . We arrived at Delmonico at about 7:55pm, we had reservations for 8pm.  We were greeted at the front desk by a young woman.  She immediately said "Happy Anniversary" and asked us to have a seat in the lounge.  At about 8:05pm our name was called and we were led back to our table.  A table for four quickly became a table for two.  All the extra silverware, plates, and glasses were whisked away.  The serving staff was beyond courteous, even offering us black napkins due to our clothes being black.  . . Drink orders were taken and suddenly a plate was placed in front of us. "Courtesy of the chef, for your anniversary." said the server.  It was a crostini, with slightly cooked piece of beef, some blue cheese dressing, and chives topped with olive oil.  I hate blue cheese but I ate it anyway, and it was quite good.  . . The server asked my wife about wine, and my wife said she liked it but was not very familiar with the types of wine.  The server asked my wife a few questions and came back with a glass of wine my wife loved, and a sample of another kind of wine she might like to have in the future, my wife loved the sample as well.  . . When it came time to order, my wife order the heirloom tomato appetizer that they have.  It basically sliced heirloom tomatoes with cheese and red onions, drizzled with oil and balsamic.  She loved it.  She also got the Filet Mignon, and buttered asparagus.  Her steak was amazing, I tried a bite of it.  It was cooked perfectly.  It had a little spice to it from the seasoning, all around it was the best Filet Mignon I've ever experienced.  The asparagus was cooked perfectly.  . . I ordered the Delmonico signature cut, a bone in Ribeye.  Ribeye is my favorite cut of steak by far.  I've been eating primarily Ribeye for so long it's hard to believe that I was ever happy with other cuts.  I also ordered their take on creamed corn.  The Ribeye was worth the whole trip, it was the by far the best Ribeye I have ever encountered and probably ever will.  It was cooked perfectly.  It had the proper amount of fat that should be expected with a Ribeye.  It was amazing.  The corn was really good also.. . Our server then brought us another complimentary dish from the kitchen, cherry sorbet.  Written in chocolate around the outside of the bowl was "Happy Anniversary".  It was pretty good, I'm not a big sorbet person, however please remember, it was free.  . . Even with the complimentary dessert my wife and I couldn't pass up a chance to try one of the menu dessert items.  We chose butterscotch Creme Brulee.  It came with 3 butterscotch/chocolate chip cookies on the side.  It was amazing, and probably our new standard for Creme Brulee.. . All in all our experience was awesome.  The food was outstanding and the service was great.  My glass never got empty.  Every time I finished a dinner roll another roll was promptly placed on the plate in it's place.  After the 2nd or 3rd roll, I looked over towards my wife, grinning.  The server saw this and quietly said with a smile on her face, "You know that is going to keep happening." I told my wife that when I was over the rolls, I probably needed to leave a bite on the plate to avoid a new roll. It was funny.  . . I would recommend Delmonico to anyone who is in Vegas and looking for a great place to go.  I would encourage anyone who does go to go with the expectation or a fantastic meal.  I think if you go in with the idea of being critical, you will probably find something to complain about, as the couple at the next table did.  They had multiple issues, and sent a few things back to the kitchen.  Remember that food preparation is an art not a science, and enjoy.
What kind of retard spends $60 on a steak? . . ^^^ This kind (noob.yelp.com). .              . This place is SOOOOOOOOOO good. I have nothing negative to say whatsoever about the food. The restaurant design/ambiance is on point and so are the waiters/waitresses. I like their waiting room (piano, drinks, seats, TVs, and all). . . Seriously though, I could eat their steak for breakfast, lunch, dinner, AND dessert. That good. Trust.
Best steaks I have ever had!
Last time I ate at this fine establishment, I uttered the words, "This is the best meal of my life."  I got this Linguine with pesto, chicken and pine nuts (yes I know, I ordered pasta at a steakhouse), but it was well worth it!  Emeril knows what he's doing no matter what the dish you order.  . . Their tartar is absolutely fantastic as well. . . Service is unlike nothing I've ever experienced.  Even though it's pricey and fancy, even if you can get here just once in your life, it's worth it!!!. . PS - Good beers and wines!
Great atmosphere and service.  Wonderful food (definitely try the lobster bisque). The filet was amazing as well.  A little pricey, but that is to be expected in Vegas.
Fantastic!. . Went here with coworkers/industry acquaintances and I can honestly say this was, hands down, one of the best meals of my life.  Not just the food but the amazing conversation.  And I was the youngest one, by at least 20 years. . . Ordered a Rib-eye which was stunningly delicious.  My mouth is watering just thinking of it.  Our table ordered several sides, steak tartare, buttered broccoli, au gratin potatoes... all cooked to perfection.  . . We had wonderful wine with our meal and great inspiring conversations...it was really refreshing to be out to dinner with people who actually enjoy going out to dinner for 3 hours.  I mean for me it's a dream...other people are always rushing me when we're out to eat so this was a blessing!!. . Saying that the "Service was impeccable" is an understatement.  . . This place is truly incredible!
Five stars you ask? Yes I answer and don't ever doubt me again. . . First let me mention they have one of the best wine lists in Vegas due to the Delmonico in Miami closing down and sending 500+ wines to this one in Vegas. Sorry that your other restaurant closed, Emeril, but thanks for the amazing wine.. . For appetizers we had a sampler plate that consisted of BBQ shrimp, cold crab legs, and truffle oil potato chips. All three were great but the truffle oil potato chips were freaking amazing! These were the first chips I have had in years and I am so glad I chose these to break my no chip policy. . . For main I went with the filet mignon very rare and it was delicious with the perfect amount of dry rub and no sauce, just the way I like it. Their sides are served family style and I love that. We had the wild mushrooms, creamed corn, asparagus, and garlic mashed potatoes. . . Our dinner lasted three hours thanks to the amazing wine and they never once rushed us to leave. In fact, every time I came back to the table from the restroom (remember lots of wine) they had refolded my dinner napkin. Now that's some damn good service right there! . . The ambiance is classy with all white walls, rounded ceilings and an open layout. Cheers
I had the privilege of coming here in honor of two fo my friends' birthdays last month. Being the type of guy who rarely eats at anywhere higher than a two $ sign establishment, I'd have to say this is by far the best dining experience I've ever had in my life, so far.. . Our night started off with a VERY informative waiter showing us the ropes. It makes sense why these servers make the money they make, they are extremely good at their job and know the menu and wine pairings like the back of their hand. ..at least the server we had was of this caliber.. . For starters, we had the Truffle Parmesean potato chips. These things are incredible. It's one of those dishes where you just want to savor each bite one chip at a time. SO GOOD.. . We also tried the Lobster Bisque. Best Lobster Bisque I've ever had. Very smooth, rich in lobster flavor, and not too overly salty. Some fresh cracked pepper makes it just absolutely perfect.. . My two friends went for the chateaubriand. An exquisite cut of tenderloin(same cut as filet mignon) SO tender that it just nearly melts in your mouth.. . I had the Bone in Rib-eye. Quite possibly the best steak I've ever had in my life. I ordered it medium rare. It was cooked perfectly, and once I had a taste, I just had to close my eyes and shut down all my other senses so that I can thorougly enjoy this. It was quite a big steak, but with the price I paid and the epic state of mind I was in, I finished it knowing that I couldn't leave all that buttery meaty goodness behind unfinished.. . That on top of a bottle of wine and a few sides, our meal came out to be.. well.. expensive. But SO WORTH IT.
The Bone-in ribeye was excellent.   The apps and the wine were great, and the service was prompt and friendly.    I will recommend this as a great place to go for a steak in Vegas!
Had an all around fine meal at Delmonico on our recent trip to Las Vegas.  I also went to Wolfgang Puck's CUT and gave it 4 stars on this trip.  The only real difference was that Delmonico cooked my NY Strip perfectly medium rare vs. just a bit over at Puck's place.  The rest of the meal from service to apps to salads was first rate.  The gumbo was yummy with a dark brick roux used and plenty of chicken, seafood and andouille to complement.  They put a big ole hunk of Maitre d butter on each steak and this, along with the Cajun seasoning (am assuming Emeril's trademark Essence) and the natural juices from the prime, aged beef lead to a wonderful liquid on your plate for dipping each tender bite.. . Service was as attentive and on point as one would expect at these prices.  Sorry Wolfgang, Emeril wins this showdown by .5 of a star!
Finally made it here after wanting to go for so many years.  From the moment we got there we were greeted by the hosting area and whisked away to our table.  They pulled the chairs out for me and my guest and made sure we were comfortable.  They even asked if I wanted my jacket placed on the empty seat next to me, wow.  Head waiter came over and introduced himself and his team that were going to serve us for the night.  Sommelier came over and asked if I need any help picking out a wine.  being the wine geek that I am I had no problem browsing thru the incredible list/book and picked out a delicious red burgundy.  We ordered the truffled potato chips and boy were they good, yummo.  We skipped on a big appetizer because we didn't want to get too full.  We both ordered the Bone In RIb Eye and it was one of the best steaks I have ever eaten that I was sucking the tasty bone with no shame.  One incredible meal and one of the best I have had in Vegas.  This is the place and I will be back for sure...
One of the best restaurants from Emeril.  A group of us dined here while in Vegas.  I ordered the ahi tuna/salmon tartare as an appetizer.  It was amazing!  The ahi and salmon tasted very fresh.  The fish is divied by a small amount of seaweed salad.  It's served with wonton chips, cucumber/onion "salad", and a trio of wasabi sauces.  For dinner I ordered the ribeye steak.  It was HUGE.  I was expecting small portions since it's the case at most fancy restaurants. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to finish my steak.  And most hotels in Vegas do not have a fridge or microwave in the room.  So, I couldn't take it with me.  For dessert, the group shared the bread pudding with butter pecan ice cream, chocolate cake, and pecan pie.  And these were not your typical "pecan pie" or "chocolate cake".  They were all delicious and decadent! You have to try them to really understand.  Overall, my dining experience was wonderful.  The service is impeccable and the restaurant has a warm ambiance to it.  Yes, it's pricey, but you are going to a famous chef's restaurant.
OHH.... ohhhhhhh.... omg. . . Let me start off by saying that I am not a beef person. I can happily chicken every day... buuut every now and then I get that naughty craving for some good ol' American red meat! :D. . So ex-roomie and I went to Vegas to visit friends of hers and I told her we could do whatever they wanted & all I wanted in return was to visit one of the famous pricey Vegas steakhouses. All agreed and so we booked a reserv. for Delmonico. . . The decor was simple, but elegant... kinda mod, imho. Looked very exclusive from the outside, so I felt all fancy. :D. . I have to give MAJOR props to the waiters(s), especially an awesome young gentleman who was a total sweetheart (I think his name was Andre..). Actually, I was shellshocked at the great service... most pricey restaurants are pretty snooty, but the peeps @ Delmonico were warm and super attentive.. . Unfortunately, there was major drama @ my table with a couple of the girls (snide remarks,  tears, running to the bathrooms), throughout which Andre (?) remained patient. I tuned all this out because................................. . ..... I WAS HAVING MINI MOMENTS OVER MY AMAZING, TENDER, SUCCULENT AND DELICIOUS BONE-IN RIBEYE!!!  holy mother. The thing was huge and ex-roomie and I actually shared it (with Andre sweetly saying that it was not a problem) and it was STILL too much. Had my steak been anything but spectacular, I would have been mortified at the shenanigans. Instead, I swiped some artichoke spears (crisp, fresh and awesome) & truffle potato chips (a little greasy but OMG, so good)  from the other ladies and dug into the side we ordered, which was the potato au gratin (again, a little heavy but OHHH... so amazingly tasty... my favorite side dish!) . . Crazy delicious food, beautiful ambiance and wonderful service, and actually, with the magic of sharing, did not break the bank. I will definitely be back!!!!!
One of the best meals.  The steaks are aged and melt in your mouth.   Fast a day prior so you can enjoy an appetizer, salad, entree and dessert.  This place rocks!
Went here with friends at 1030 p.m. following the marathon and amazed that they let my husband in while wearing his running attire as this is truly fine dining and he looked extraordinarily out of place.  After losing an undisclosed amount of money, I wasn't really in the mood to eat yet another expensive meal; however.... . I was prepared for high prices and adequate food but my oh my was I in for a pleasant surprise... at least on 50% of the expectations.  Food Fabulous and Prices were indeed expensive but I have to say worth the full experience.. . My husband shared the Chateaubriand Carved Tableside for Two, Asparagus and Garlic Smashed Potatoes for  $110 - Same as the Filet however, it comes with sides and costs less.  It was prepared PERFECTLY and was delicious from the first bite to the last bite.  . . Other sides folks had and loved were: New Orleans Creamed Spinach;  Twice Baked Potato with Bacon and Vermont Cheddar. The wine we chose (we asked for a med-full bodied red with a smooth finish and complex aromas that didn't cost more than $100 or $1000 (see photo of wine prices)  He actually suggested something for around $60 or so and it was exquisite!  . Chappellet Mountain Cuvee 2009.. . Add this to your to do list in Vegas and go hungry!!  Don't be shy to ask for a wine within your price range... they don't carry any bad wines so why pay a thousand bucks for wine?  LOVED THIS RESTAURANT!
Talk about a perfect experience...Delmonico is just amazing. My husband and I enjoyed the best meal. He enjoyed the petite wedge salad while I had the lobster bisque. He had the NY Strip and I had the bone-in ribeye. Our server told us that these would be the best steaks we've ever had on the strip. At first we thought he was just blowing smoke, but boy, was he ever right. The steaks were perfectly seasoned. We shared the au gratin potatoes which were hearty yet creamy and just delicious. . . The service was perfect. Not intrusive or annoying at all. Food arrived at the proper temperatures and my drink was never less than 1/2 full. . . Can't wait to go back. Thank you Emeril!
Damn you Emeril Lagasse.  Damn you and your fantastic service and amazing steaks.  I am ruined for life from any other restaurant.  Nothing will ever compare.  . . I intend to keep returning until you make a mistake and I am no longer addicted to the best steak I have ever had in my life.
Food was great.  I had the aged Rib Eye, and my wife had the Filet Mignon Medallions.  The service was top notch.  Attention to detail.  I will be back!
Very good, and worth the price!  All food was very good and service outstanding.  Perfect location if going to shows in Venetian or Palazzo.
We had early reservations for a party of 9 for my 40th birthday. We were seated at a lovely table and were all surprised how we could hear everyone without having to strain. This means the acoustics in the room we were in were spot on. . . Our waiter was Lamont and there were various other folks helping us out. We were all served warm buttery rolls that had both a salt and we are pretty sure bit of sugar sprinkling on them. Drinks were ordered by a few of us-I imbibed just a bit as it was my birthday after all and the drinks were good, reasonably priced and tasty. . . Everything we ate was wonderful. We started with 2 orders of house made potato chips with truffle oil and Parmesan. They were yummy and the perfect combination of salt and grease to help the booze go down easily. Some of us had starters, some of us chose not to. . . I had the lobster bisque to start and it was heavenly with perfectly cooked lobster and nice pieces of it. Others had the Gumbo (no seafood-heat but not hot), the heirloom tomato and Burrata cheese salad. There were also a couple of other appetizers ordered-BBQ Shrimp (delicious and unlike anything we had before) and Escargot(I was too chicken to try it).. Truffle Parmesan potato chips. . For mains, people had . Filets. Bone In Rib-eye . Salmon. Scallops. Medallions of beef. . Since sides are generous, we all shared:. Asparagus. Creamed Corn-delicious (and I make my own just as good). Creamed Spinach (the most boring). Sauteed Mushrooms-fabulous. Potato Gratin. Twice Baked Potatoes. Grits (meh-but not for me texturally). . We were all so full, we only ordered one dessert to share and that was the infamous Banana cream pie. Worth every bite and every calorie-in fact..... . Kevin and I came back here for lunch our last day in Vegas!. We shared the BBQ shrimp, I had the lobster bisque again and he had the heirloom tomato salad. We also shared another slice of the banana cream pie and I would do it again in a heartbeat. . . Fabulous birthday dinner and wonderful company!
Fantastic bone-in ribeye. Perfectly marbled. Delicious cajun rub. Great wine selection. The gumbo was great, but a little too refined...almost like a stew. Ambiance was a bit sterile. But, you're here for the steak... And it's awesome.
Our favorite steakhouse in town, by far.  Fantastic steak, yummy sides, fabulous service, wonderful dining atmosphere and the best sommelier in town, Kevin Vogt.  And my husband's favorite dessert, the banana cream pie.
Ahhh. Delmonico. I always make a point to visit this restaurant when I am in Nevada, for this is my favorite steakhouse. The ambience is quite dim, and the overall atmosphere simple and elegant.. . We started out with the truffle and parmesan chips as well as the pork trotter. The chips= simply AMAZING. The chip was light and airy, yet when you bite into it, you get the perfect combination of truffle oil and crisp potato. The pork trotter was also good, but I believe that it was better the last time I came.. . As for the steak, I ordered their signature bone-in ribeye with a side of spinach. The steak came with butter on top, which I found different because not many other steakhouses included that. The steak was delicious; and i was able to finish it without problem.. . However, I was too full for dessert, and did not have the opportunity to see the desert menu. Last time when I was here, I remember the peach or apple (some fruit) tart with ice cream was the best.
The best steak I ever had in Vegas!! I have been here three times and they have never disappointed. Every steak I have had has been perfectly cooked and seasoned. Caesar salad was perfect and the sides were tasty as well. Service is always friendly and ambiance is nice. With many choices, Emeril never seems to disappoint  and I'm truly a fan.
Apparently finding a high-end restaurant on the Strip that serves lunch is more difficult than I thought. With many spots only open for dinner service I opted to dine at one of the few with a lunch menu -- Delmonico.  . . We started with the wild arugula salad -- shaved apple, candied walnuts tossed in champagne vinaigrette with a trio of artisan cheeses. It was a large portion that they split for us.. . My wife had a steak panini served medium rare on ciabatta. The accompanying horseradish was overpowering, but the beef was still excellent. The sandwich came with some amazingly crispy and light truffle fries.. . The lobster sliders I ordered was a small order of two. The Maine lobster was lightly dressed with a citrus aioli and celery leaves, helping make this some of the tastiest lobster you'll find in any sandwich in town. The Old Bay fries that they came with were tasty, but not nearly as good as the truffle fries. My only complaint about this dish is the size. Something this delicious shouldn't be constrained to two sliders per order.. . 4.5 Stars
Wow!!!! Delmonico is absolutely my favorite restaurant, period. I've been visiting them since 2002 and try and get there whenever I'm in Vegas.. . The service is second to none. I don't know what the wait staff to guest ratio is, but it has to be 2-1. I also absolutely LOVE how they put every person's plate down at the exact same time, period. You're a party of ten? Then ten of Delmonico's finest serve you all at once. And man do they now their business. I've never had a recommendation be anything but excellent!. . The food.... Did I say wow???? My personal favorite is the bone-in rib eye, but all of the meat is fantastic. I order mine rare, so it is easy to get a tough steak, but not here!!! It is just lie butter.... Yum.... The BBQ shrimp are amazing, and homemade truffle potato chips??? Wow.... I could go on and on.... Creme Brule is amazing, as is the bread pudding.. . I simply can't say enough about Delmonico's. It is simply worth every penny!!!!
HOLY hell. This place was yummy. . Awesome thing, no split plate charges. My gfs and I were not yearning to eat a 22 oz steak, so it was nice to be able to split the entrees. We ordered the bone-in rib eye. YOU MUST ORDER that, especially if you're a steak eater. Medium rare, and that's how steak should always be. We also tried the Grilled Filet Mignon Medallions, which we overdone, Medium Rare my a$$, it was more like medium well-well done. but it did have a good taste. I don't believe in returning food.. . The creamed corn was the shiznit. It was soooooo good. And the asparagus was good too, tender and perfectly buttered. . . Of course I can't skip dessert, had the creme brulee, which as ok. A bit too much sugar on top, but overall not bad. We had a bday and was given banana sorbet - gross. :P But the brioche bread pudding w/ bourbon and ice cream. was to die for. SOOOOO delish. :D. . I will return for the truffle potato chips. :D and rib eye!
Best steak in town!
Amazing...best steak ever.  Had the bone in ribeye and was outstanding.  Service was excellent, food was pricey but worth it.
Dined their this past Friday, great experience. Service was terrific, food was . Superb.  Started with the signature barbecue shrimp which were tasty.   Good wedge salad. Streaks were outstanding.  My wife's came out a little rare and they immediately corrected. . . On the must eat list for Vegas.
For an upscale steakhouse its great, I've had Ruth's Chris, Morton's, etc and its hard to say which is best. The steak, Bone-in Ribeye, was beautifully cooked, seasoned well, and tasted magnificent. But that isn't why this spot is so memorable! The unique flavors of the rest of the meal is the reason why I would go back. For appetizer I had the BBQ shrimp which was deep, smoky, rich, had a little kick, and was out of this world, definitely something you finish and contemplate ordering another. Lobster bisque was phenomenal, nice big chunks of meat, smooth explosive flavor. The sides were on point too but nothing extraordinary. They also had this crisp local beer form Louisiana called Abita Amber which was awesome. Overall I left only complaining about how stuffed I was.
I wanted my 300 review to be special and this restaurant sure is special.. . I have been  fortunate to dine at Delmonico's Steakhouse over a half of dozen times. I have never been disappointed. . Last weekend for the second time in my life was lucky enough to have the Chef's Table that over looks the kitchen. As with the last time I ate in the Chef's Table it rates as the top 5 meals I have ever had in my life.. You don't order at the chef's table you enjoy each course that chef personally prepares for you.  Each course is better then  the previous.. Some of my favorite dishes in the dining room are:. Steak Tartare-very tasty served with toasted baguette.. Emeril's New Orleans Barbecue Shrimp, an original menu item, that is so delicious.. My favorite steak is the Bone in Rib Eye, a great piece meat that is aged in house.. The service at Delmonico is second to none, what  they are noted for is that everybody at the table get there plate at the same time, a real nice touch.. Great side dishes,creamed corn and twice cooked potatoes are my favorite.. Service is always top notch.. A can't miss. I will be back soon.
That pork chop is the best I ever had, and we discoverd a fantastic bottle of Peju in the wine list.
Fabulous! This place will not disappoint. I had the special which was wild caught salmon. I have never tasted salmon so delicious.My husband had the steak and he said it was the best $50 he ever spent on food. We hope to visit again next year.
The bone in ribeye was freakin delicious!  I am glad had a good experience at my first Emeril restaurant.  Hopefully my next one will be Commanders Palace in 2 years.  woot woot.
One of the best steakhouses I have been to.  The petite filet medallions were perfectly cooked with a parmesan crust.  Never was a big fan of this, but it was really well done.  Tender, well seasoned, and cooked exactly right... a perfect combination.  Besides the steak being in the top 3 or 4 all time favorites (Marriott HI Kona and Waikiki tied for #1, chefs are brothers) the sides of scalloped potatoes and mushrooms are fantastic.   The service was exemplary.  Vegas is back!
Everything was perfect as always. Great wine, great meat. Great sides, great desert.
Yes Yes Yes! I'm probably repeating all the great things people said already but it is true. My husband and I were there this past weekend and we were satisfied 100%! And after reading the reviews I'm not sure why people minus the 5th star because of the price. In my opinion if you are looking for an amazing fine dining experience you must be wiling to spend the money. We were here for about three hours and we enjoyed every bit of it. We let our waiter know in advance that we were in no rush and he made sure to plan the timing of our appetizers and main just right. We were watching the blue man group after dinner and wanted to drink a few drinks before we left.. . Every time we went to the bathroom they folded our napkins, refilled our drinks before we even had time to ask, and our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the menu --- that alone just shows the attention to detail. In addition to the lobster bisque, french escargot, cream corn gratinne, creole gulf shirmp cocktail...:) I had the hot Alaskan King Crab Legs and my husband had the Bone in RibEye. He said "it is the best steak he has ever had" ( please take in consideration that we had travel all over the world).  The noise was moderate, besides I'm in Vegas and I wanted to dine in a lively and happy place not a quiet boring place.  Even though the dining room was open it is still cozy and romantic and easy to have a private conversation.  . . It has become one of our favorite places to go and we will definitely come back again!
i've been to vegas maybe 30 times. dined in some excellent restaurants, some douchey fake places and some decent pubgrub places. delmonico is by far the best place at which i've dined in vegas.. . steaks are the specialty here, and they kill. sides and appetizers are made from superior ingredients and perfectly prepared and seasoned. good corkage policy for such a top drawer place. and the service has been excellent each of the five times i've been here.. . the atmosphere just hits that sweet spot of class and friendliness, as if they took the best of new orleans and the best of manhattan, to spawn a super-race of service personnel just for this place.. . i just can't find anything negative to say about this place other than one needs to make reservations well in advance for a weekend booking. great problem to have.
I don't think I could have found a more perfect place to celebrate my birthday! . . After an amazing experience in December, I was so pleased to hear we would be going back for my birthday! I decided that this time around I would try out something besides steak. I knew they had steak down pat, but if this were truly an Emeril place, I knew I had to check out the other menu selections. So this time around we enjoyed the artisanal cheeses to start and I had the shrimp with fettuccini with olive oil. My husband enjoyed a trio of filet mignon medallions. The pasta was perfectly cooked, not overly dressed in sauce with the shrimp cooked to exactly the right temperature.  My husband's filets were also perfectly done and the sauces that adorned the medalions were amazing. Truly amazing. We shared the potatoes au gratin and of course, these were just as heavenly as I remembered from our first visit. . . For dessert, we shared the chocolate root beer float. The root beer was Abita, made in Louisiana. It was mild in flavor yet refreshingly delicious. I could swear that the chocolate ice cream was house made though I don't know that for a fact. It was sooooo refreshing and just the right way to top off our meal.. . I love Delmonico. It is by far my favorite restaurant in Vegas. I can't wait to go back. One day I hope to meet Emeril and hug him for making such wonderful food.
On my usual quest for the best Ribeye in America I wandered into Delmonicos Steakhouse in the Venetian. This place was magnificent! It did have  bland all white decor in the main dining that reminded me of 2001 a Space Odyssey 's Discovery One with  really dim lights. Good thing the steaks were from another universe also! It had to have been the largest ribeye I have ever ordered for one person, and It came with a slab of butter!  Really it needs more butter? It was well marbled, thick with a little char (key !),  and it had a wonderful juicy flavor. It  was extremely good as I was so full about 3/4 of the way through, but as in "man vs food" i trudged on ! I have to say it was a fantastic to eat, but i did feel like a hundred pounds heavier throughout the evening! Try the steak.... try the bone in Ribeye steak.... did I mention you should try the steak?  then next time maybe have something else..... if you dare!
Service and food were worth the $200 bill for 2.  My husband and I chose the Delmonico for our Wedding night dinner last month.  We had a champagne toast, the chef sent out complimentary bisque as a wedding gift and sorbet after the meal. My husband ordered the Filet Mignon and I ordered the pecan encrusted chicken breast.  We splurged (I rarely order dessert) and shared a piece of chocolate cake.  Everyone was pleasant but with an air of regal you would expect in an upscale restaurant.. The only complaint was the table next to us having a serious religious conversation during what should have been a pleasureable friday evening.  We made the best of it though and had a few jokes to keep ourselves entertained...
Steakhouses are a dime a dozen in Las Vegas- every resort has one, and with a few exceptions, they're generally pretty good. . . My experience at Delmonico was one of those exceptions.  Three of us celebrating St Patrick's Day, March Madness, and 40th birthdays all rolled into one weekend, decided to enjoy a dinner at Delmonico's.  . . From the moment we checked in, fantastic service.  Our server, Michael, was gracious, professional, funny, and more than willing to tolerate and participate in our banter, but never in an obtrusive way.  The food was outstanding- the ribeye was perfectly cooked, and the creamed corn gratin was downright amazing. . . Great wine selection, excellent service (have I mentioned the service), and a great pecan pie with some glasses of port.  This was a great dinner, and an experience I will appreciate for a long time, and worth every penny of the $200 per head that we paid.
I've been here about five times now and it never disappoints.  This is the first time I've strayed away from Ribeye..I went with the bone-in filet. And it was one of the best steaks I've ever consumed.  I seriously considered picking up the bone and gnawing on it to get more meat.  My must haves on the side are the lobster bisque and the creamed corn.  Can't wait to go back again.
For me the bar has been raised! . . I thought the Conch Republic in Key West was my best meal ever. It has been topped. The best Ribeye I have ever eaten. Everything about this place was top shelf. I had the escargot, Ribeye, loaded baked potato, and finished it off with the best pecan pie ever.
World class service.  Tasteful decor.  2400 selection wine list.  And the very best bananna cream pie ever made.. . While our Bordeaux decanted, the artisinal cheese plate was a perfect appetizer, as was the grilled shrimp with black truffle special.  . . Lobster bisque was grand.  The gumbo 100% authentic.  Her crab stuffed lobster tail was heavenly.  My bone-in ribeye was simply perfect.. We loved the creamed corn gratin.. . And then it was time for dessert.. . This dinner was my 4th time at an Emeril Lagasse property since my first visit to his flagship restaurant inNew Orleans almost 20 years ago.  For all that time I've been telling her about Emeril's bananna cream pie, while I made it for her from one of his cookbooks.. . But now she's had the real thing and agrees it really is the best she's ever tasted. Her comment to our kids said it all: "at least Dad tried.". . With a very special wine, $800 for two.  We will return.
We walked all over the palazzo and Venetian looking at our options for a nice steakhouse. Overall, for the menu and value we went to this restaurant. By far, one of the best steakhouses we have been to in Vegas. The servers were on point, and the food was out of this world. If anything please save room and have the oatmeal crusted pecan pie with praline ice cream. It may sound a little weird, but it was the best dessert I have ever had. And I eat a lot of dessert! It wasn't overly sweet, you get an individual pie of delicious goodness! Take a break from those table games and make your way here, it will not disappoint!!
Another one of Emeril's top notch restaurants, this one being a steak connoisseur's paradise.  We booked the night before and got in before the traditional 7-7:30 dinner rush.  Service- top notch.  Mind you, everything is a la carte.I cant help but feel underdressed even though we were dressed well for the venue.  They have an insane wine list that goes on and on.  I had the bone-in ribeye which was done to perfection - medium rare.  We also had the creamed spinach and wild mushrooms.  So good we finished everything leaving little to no room for dessert.  Definitely should try the dessert since they all looked exceptional, especially Emeril's claim to fame Banana Cream Pie!
First time here and I will be back!. . I made reservations a week before on their website and asked for a nice table.. . My party of 4 arrived early, but no problem- they had our table ready for us!. . We ordered a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon ($65) and had the following:. . I ordered two appetizers for my entree:. 1. Vine-Ripened Heirloom Tomato Salad with Burrata Cheese, Red Onion, Extra. Virgin Olive Oil, Balsamic Vinegar and Torn Local Basil.. - I was a little sad that the Burrata cheese was so small compared to the heirloom tomatoes, but it was delicious!. . 2. Butternut Squash Ravioli with Sage Brown Butter, Toasted Hazelnuts and Parmesan. - OMG!  SO GOOD!  The squash was divine.  I would definitely order this again.. . 3. Grilled Marinated Organic Chicken Breast - Roasted Fingerling Potatoes, Whole. Garlic, Wild Mushrooms and Natural Reduction. - The person that ate this said that the chicken was cooked perfectly and had really good flavor.. . 4. Filet Mignon w/ a twice baked potato (with Bacon and Vermont Cheddar) and a Caesar Salad.. - He said that the steak melted in his mouth!. . 5. Surf & Turf- bone in ribeye and crab & buttered Fresh Asparagus, I believe. (I don't see it on the menu, so it must be a special). - My husband cleaned his plate.. . We also ordered two desserts:. 1. Delmonico Chocolate Layer Cake - Chocolate Pudding, Coconut Ice Cream and. Toasted Almonds. - Looked delicious.  They said it was good and the coconut ice cream was amazing!. . 2. Pecan Pie with Oatmeal Shortbread Crust French, Vanilla Ice Cream & Caramel Sauce. - Pie was in the shape of a circle, so the center was ooey and gooey and yummy!!  Very good!. . Price was about $300+ for the table (not including tip).. . Theservice was OUTSTANDING!  We actually had 3 people waiting on us and never had to ask for anything.  They were on-point with re-filling the water at the table!  It was SO nice to never have to look around for someone to help us.  The timing of everything was beautiful.. . We even got an amuse-bouche bruschetta when we were deciding what to have for dinner.  What a nice surprise!!
Perfectly prepared red meat drowned in yummy sauce washed down with amazing wine.  Poppy couldn't ask for more.
Emeril's Delmonico Steakhouse is located in the Venetian hotel, slightly across from the Blue Man Group Theatre. To be honest, I even liked Chef Emeril much. Never cared about his shows or his cooking. Guess he made me a believer after this one night dining at Delmonico. We made reservations through Open Table for a party of 12 on a Saturday night. We wanted 6:30pm but were only given the options of 5pm or 9pm (FYI, reservations were made about two weeks in advance). We weren't about to pig out then hit the night life scene all bloated and passing gas so we settled for 5pm which worked out anyways. Gave us plenty of time to digest and chill. . . We checked in with the three pretty hostesses and were offered to have a seat in their lounge area until our table was ready. Barely five minutes passed and our maitre d' came out to fetch us. Unfortunately, he wasn't as easy on the eyes as the hostess. However, he took care of us the entire night. I apologize for not remembering his name because he's worth mentioning and deserve recognition: Caucasian, arrogant looking but very proper and attentive, and had a dark humor side to him. . . The establishment is quite simple but still very classy. It's dimly lit for you romantic types; unfortunately this was a bromance between 12 obnoxious dudes. The dining rooms and distance between tables were spacious enough so you're able to have some sort of privacy. You can tell that they didn't try to over do the interior design of the place. It's an elegant and clean look.. . We all decided to bypass appetizers and drinks and just went straight for the entrees and side dishes. We figured we'll be pounding enough booze later on the night. After recently having some awesome buffalo in Wyoming, I decided to order the Three Peppercorn Crusted American Buffalo Rib-eye with Caramelized Cipollini Onions and Brandy Peppercorn reduction ($50). For those of you who are already raising an eyebrow, this chunk of meat was by far gamey. It well cooked, very tender, and seemed to have less fat that then regular bone in rib eye. Personally, medium rare is the way to go. I sampled the bone in rib eye from my friend's plate and I have to say that the buffalo is the unanimous winner. A few of the other guys who are traditional beef carnivores decided to try the buffalo also agreed that the buffalo was well worth the try. Not to dock the rib eye because that was still very legit.. . For sides, we ordered two of the following to share: Sauteed Garlic Wild Mushrooms ($11), New Orleans Creamed Spinach ($9), and the Creamed Corn Gratinee ($11). It was the perfect amount of sides for the entire table, not over killing it yet a decent amount for each person. All sides were very delish and complimented our meals perfectly.. . Everything could not have gone smoother. The 12 of us had a nice corner to ourselves. Service was top notch. Occasionally, they brought out 4-5 servers at once to present all the entrees to us all at the same time. Our drinks never ran dry and we were always checked up on every so often. The chef even sent out a sampling which was ground duck rice ball in a sweet and sour sauce. That could've easily been an appetizer order all together and we would've happily ordered it. Even the pricing was quite affordable considering the caliber of the steak house Delmonico is. I am quite impressed with what Chef Emeril has done with this restaurant. Big Props to him and the entire staff for an outstanding meal. I do look forward to future visits.
I went here with a few friends of mine and was BLOWN away. And to think, I almost didn't even go. I was feeling cheap and didn't want to spend a grip on dinner, but boy am I glad that I went and had the wonderful opportunity to eat at this fabulous restaurant with some dear friends of mine. . . First off, the ambiance is very simple, understated, and clean. Nothing overly done. In fact, I heard it was on purpose so that you can focus on the food and the people rather than the art and ambiance of the place.. . Secondly, service is top-notch. If you're paying the big bucks, it's no wonder. They totally spoil you here and answer all your silly questions!. . Thirdly, ANYTHING you order off the menu will be delicious! We each ordered different items and tried each others plates and were blown away. You can't go wrong with anything you order!. . Everything was perfectly made and cooked very well and tender. So juicy! So flavorful and so plentiful!. . You definitely get what you pay for at this restaurant. I would totally go back either with a significant other or a nice group of close friends. It was such a lovely experience!
Delmonico Steakhouse is the BEST steakhouse I have ever been to. HANDS DOWN. NOTHING else compares. I have been going to this steakhouse for the past 8 years. Pretty much every time I visit Vegas; we find a way to to have dinner there. I have tried the pork chops for dinner. But my "go to" entree is ALWAYS the RIB EYE. It is done to PERFECTION. Always EXPERTLY cooked and seasoned. TENDER and almost MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH. The sign of an EXCELLENT STEAKHOUSE - is that your steak is ALWAYS cooked to order and does not need much in the area of extra sauces. Your steak comes with an assortment of Emeril's sauces. I have never needed them and prefer to eat the steak "as is". Service is IMPECCABLE. Your drinks are brought quickly. Your water glass is never empty. Entrees and side dishes are delectable beyond your dreams. Also, the most AMAZING Banana Cream Pie I have ever had the pleasure of eating in my Life. TRUST ME. Spending money at Delmonico Steakhouse is WELL SPENT and I doubt you will be disappointed. It is a true dining EXPERIENCE.
Make sure to book a reservation!! Even with our 8:30 rez, we didn't get seated until 9:10. . They were very accommodating though so I can't complain! The bone in rib eye and buffalo was TO DIE FOR. I was looking forward to the lamb based on the pictures that I saw, but it wasn't on the menu when I went there over the weekend. . Bread + butter... Best.Ever.. . I cannot wait to go back and eat there again!!!!
I've never had a meal experience like what I had at Delmonico's. Me and a buddy were in Vegas for the first time and decided we wanted to go out for a good steak dinner. I asked for recommendations from people and settled on Delmonico's. I made reservations the Monday before the Thursday we went to dinner. I checked out the menu ahead of time and was not surprised to see the pretty high prices., I was confident though that we were gonna get what we paid for. . We arrived about 45 minutes before the reservation time and had a couple beers in the lounge. $6 for a Bud Light was pretty reasonable for this atmosphere. We were seated promptly at 7 and that's where things got impressive. The dining area is secluded, you have no idea you are in a casino, which is great. We were greeted by one of our 3 waiters and offered the wine menu. Neither of us drink wine, but I could tell the selection was awesome. . We ordered the truffle and Parmesan potato chips and bowls of the gumbo. Both were excellent, Emeril knows gumbo. I ordered the bone-in ribeye and my buddy got the filet. We also got the potato gratin and a twice baked potato. The sides are ala carte and family style. They were some of the best potatoes we had ever had. As for the steaks, they were both the greatest steaks we had ever had! No sauce is necessary for these babies. After dinner I had the banana cream pie, which was exceptional. My buddy had the cheesecake and said it was awesome. . Overall I can not speak highly enough of the dining experie nce at Delmonico's. The professional staff, excellent atmosphere, and amazing food make Delmonico's a place I will go to again.
This place is amazing!! This is our second time to visit Delmonico and we were equally as delighted as our first time. We really did it up.... . For apps, we got the BBQ shrimp (awesome) and the oysters. Both are highly recommended.. . My husband got the lobster bisque and I got the heirloom tomato salad.. the tomato salad was $18. Was that ridiculous? Yes. Was it worth it? Also yes. . . I got the filet medium done, and my husband got the bone-in rib eye medium rare. My steak was perfection.. my husbands was too medium.. The staff were quick to correct the error and apologetically brought him a new steak. Talk about wonderful service! . . We shared grits (so yummy and I am NOT a grits girl), and the asparagus. . . For dessert we sampled the banana cream pie.. like everything else we had, it was really special :). . Overall, this is a wonderful place to splurge! The service is accommodating and helpful.. the food is well worth the money, and the ambiance is great :)
The first time I went to this restaurant was in 2002, and I remember it like it was yesterday. It is in the top three meals of my life. After almost 10 years I can still remember the flavors of the table-made Caesar salad, the Angel Hair Pasta with Smoky Mushrooms & Tasso, and the perfect Filet Mignon. Joe and I were dating at the time, now married, and we still talk about that dinner, and went to re-live it a couple years ago to be amazed again.
too many places to eat in vegas! but, im not the type of girl who can ever turn down steak, so off to delmonico's it was. . what i ate:. - heirloom tomato and burrata salad: caprese salad, all grown up! the heirloom tomatoes were delicious, juicy, and flavorful. the burrata cheese, gooey, creamy, the perfect delicate match to the tomatoes. the syrupy sharp balsamic vinegar reduction made everything go POP with flavor. my only gripe was that i wish there was more basil to bring in the fresh flavor. regardless, this was pretty damn good. - [special of the day] beef medallions with mushrooms and parm: the beef had a nice bite to it, the mushrooms and sauce were to die for, but i wondered if i should have just opted for a nice steak. - baked potato w/everything on it [side]: cheesy perfection. - haricots verts [side]: perfectly cooked string beans with garlic and almonds. - mushrooms [side]: a nice mix of mushrooms, this would make any mushroom lover happy. - banana cream pie: i love banana cream pie, but lets be honest, all banana cream pies pretty much taste the same, right? wrong! this banana cream pie was perfectly layered. oh man, i could have eaten this entire thing all by myself, butsharing is caring!. - coffee: coffee lovers beware! the coffee is so good (french pressed) that im tempted to just come back for a slice of the banana cream pie and coffee next time im in town!. . pros:. - food: food was perfect. everything was delicious. - service: friendly, polite, helpful. our server helped me pick out a GREAT wine in the price point i wanted. - free bruschetta starter. when i called to make the rez i let them know it was for a birthday. - free banana sorbet for the birthday girl. - bathrooms were clean and well stocked! my stall even had a lil basket of tampons. how thoughtful! ;). . cons:. - good food and good service comes with a price... but, to be honest, considering how much we ate, and having a bottle of wine, it was not any more expensive than i thought it would be. our entire meal, plus tax and tip came out about $500, which is very reasonable cause it was for five girls... it also helped that i won a few bills gambling earlier that day :P. - reservations: i was able to get a rez for a late dinner, which is what i wanted anyways, but if youre planning on being in vegas, it would be smart to call to make a rez ahead of time if you like eating your dinner at the regular dinner time. - loud: im not sure if its due to the dome shaped ceilings, but voices CARRIED. i guess you have to expect that though from a steak house - full of dates and GUYS. . would i come again? if i won some extra cash gambling and craving steak, YES!
Went there for lunch during the week and it was dead, I was a little worried, but the service was great and the fried chicken was unbelievable!
If you are looking for the best steak you have had, and a fine dining experience, the team at Delmonicos will not let you down.  We had the table side Caesar and the rib-eye and filet, and we were in heaven.  Go here!!!!!
Celebrated 29th wedding anniversary with truffle poatoe chips that melt in your mouth. Had ceasar salad prepared at table side and followed with 22oz  bone in rib eye with foie gras. I had the best ever banana cream pie and my wife had creme brulee.  She preferred the pie (the one bite she got). . Three waiters attended us and service was top notch. They suggested they keep our leftovers in their fridge until our show was over. Wonderful way to celebrate.
Best bone and rib eye ever!
This place has the best Filet I have ever eaten. That means a lot because I never thought anything could outdo my taste buds over Hugo's Cellar (which I still love very much). The service was excellent. We had reservations and were seated promptly.. I enjoyed the Asparagus with Prosciutto wrapped around it they brought to the table. We must have had 3 different people checking on us. As I stated I had the Filet and Garlic Smashed Potatoes. The Filet melted in my mouth it was just so darn tender and flavorful.. . It was almost $55 for my portion and well worth it. I now know why this place wins so many awards for best steaks!
I have been coming to this place for the last five years and it never disappoints.  One of my Vegas go to dining spots.  Visited last Thursday again.  A few favorites:. . Arrive early and visit Max the Bartender.  Just recently learned he is a world class mixologist (after ordering wine for years) and will create beverages that will make your head spin.  Has his own bitters collection to add a custom touch.  Tequila Gumption he made me was world class.. . I always get the Filet Pittsburgh Style and it is exceptional.  Not too loaded down with butter and just the right flavor.  If I am steaked out, The Salmon dish is incredible.  Creamed Corn is to die for with jalapeno seasoning topping (I am hyper critical of creamed corn but thing D's and STK are two of the best).  Biscuits that they serve are out of this world.  Potato chips with truffle oil are a nice indulgence.  Caprese salad is a great starter.  Like the wine list and not over priced like Del Frisco and the Wynn or Bellagio spots.. . Finish it off with a double espresso and you are ready to venture on into the evening.. . I prefer to sit in the main room and the seating towards the back is preferred.  Lamont is the best server by far.
This place was EXCELLENT!  We were on the hunt for a great steakhouse and we definitely found it here.  The food and drinks were excellent and there were many options to choose from.  One thing I find in many upscale steakhouses is a somewhat limited menu with only a handful of entrees and appetizers to choose from.  Delmoico's has an expansive menu and everything was delicious.  the atmosphere and food made for a great night out... definitely try if you are looking for a nice night out (for steak) in Vegas!
By far the best steak I've ever had. We had a large party of over 20 and they were not the best prepared to handle our group. Once we were settled they were very attentive and timely.
One of my top 5 Steak house favorites in Las Vegas. The service is always great and the steaks are even better. I recommend getting the Rib Eye bone in if you can handle the incredible flavor of a Juicy aged steak. I like the steak so much I won't stop eating it until it's all gone. . . Save room for dessertor you'll miss out on something wonderful.
Oh dear. Our anniversary dinner here was amazing. We shared the oysters Rockefeller, which had this great buttery panko topping. We then had the steak for 2- huge cut! They came with these puff pastry popovers that also had a great buttery spread on it, accompanied by the seared foie grad add-on. Heaven. . . Great classic steakhouse.
I'm a simple dude.  I'm a thrifty dude.  When you combine the two, it's a wonder when I spend $40 on an entire night out.  So it was a significant deal for me to set foot into a place where a plate of food is on par with my average bar tab.  It was a special occasion so I shelved my cheap-skate side for the evening.. . Thank god I did.. . My wife and I arrived early and had a drink at the bar.  The bartenders were exactly what I look for in one: chill, conversational, intelligent but not lording their smarts over you, and just nice dudes.  Our drinks were great (though I did have to swat at one fruit fly, but that happens).. . Dinner was unlike anything I'd ever had before.  Here's why:. - Three servers throughout the course of our evening, and all of them were great. - I was able to get a black napkin without asking. - The table was perfectly sized; I didn't feel like I was going to nail someone with an elbow when they were sitting next to me. - My wife ordered a Cesar salad which we split.  The thing was hand-prepared at our table and it was amazing. - I ordered duck.  I'd never had duck before and felt this was a perfect opportunity to do so.  I expected a breast or perhaps a thigh--not a half of a duck.  From bite one to cleaning the bones, it was spectacular. -Everyone at the table completely cleaned their plates (or had the intention of doing so if we didn't run out of time before our show--not for the sake of service, rather solid conversation).  Not one dissatisfied customer. . Should I come into a small fortune in the future, I'll certainly come back.  Until then, I'll just have to dream.
I try not to eat any restaurants inside the hotels.... But this is and exception. This place is amazing. When we walked in the employees were so nice they greeted us and pulled our chairs out for us. The best part was the food. We both got steak and let me tell you that beef was so delicious. Worth every penny. I recommend anyone to at least try it
I did the 2012 Restaurant Week $30.12 lunch special here which was a pretty good deal for a 3-course meal at an Emeril Lagasse restaurant inside the Venetian.  . . Five stars for participating in Restaurant Week and donating a portion of proceeds to Vegas' Three Square charity, having excellent food, friendly and professional service.. . Slight demerit for having nice but very plan decor (ceilings/walls pretty much barren), but I care more about food than the eatery/setting anyways.
I've heard criticism from others on Delmonico's. Out of the 10 or so times I've been here, always with at least three others at a time or more, I've never had a bad meal. The steaks are superb (I love their bone in rib steak - too big to eat in one sitting -but I manage it anyway), along with their sides, and finally their banana creme pie is to die for - and I normally NEVER order this - I was converted in a hurry and convinced friends who thought I was nuts to try it - they too are converted followers.  Haven't been there in about six months, need to go back next trip soon.
Outstanding.  The bone-in ribeye was cooked perfectly and totally delicious. The bar has the best whiskey selection I've seen.  Service was prompt, and we had an amazing time.  Awesome meal, exactly as it should be.
On our first night's stay at The Venetian, we walked to Delmonico in less than 5 minutes and were seated on time.  It took approximately 60 seconds for the staff to begin delivering The Bliss.  I am not a steakhouse fan (my husband is), but this restaurant is an Emeril restaurant, and having had wonderful experiences at his other establishments in New Orleans, I thought we would be in for a treat.  The service was extraordinary even though the restaurant was hustling at by 8 p.m., we had the full attention of our waiter as well as the sommelier and other ancillary staff, which made the evening a lot of fun.  We enjoyed an amuse bouche of heirloom tomatoes, basil, burrata cheese and EVOO.  My husband ended up with an enormous piece of meat on his plate (no surprise there) that he stated emphatically was the best steak he'd ever had, accompanied by a terrine-sized dish of the New Orleans Creamed Spinach, easily the best creamed spinach I've ever put in my mouth.  I only wish I had been able to enjoy the leftovers in an omelette the next day for breakfast.. . I ordered one of the specials, which was a $42 plate of pasta.  Yes, you read right: a $42 plate of pasta.  It was heaven: just the right amount of papparadelle with six very large shrimp, and a generous amount of andouille sausage and artichoke hearts.  I enjoyed a complementary glass of red wine that was a blend of several varietals; complex and nicely balanced, it was a wine that Emeril endorsed and labeled, and it had been bottled by Au Bon Climat Winery in Santa Barbara, CA.  I started with the mixed greens salad, dressed with a sherry vinaigrette and shaved Manchego cheese.  It was perfectly balanced and just the right flavor profile for my mood that night.  We were too full for dessert, but had there been room, my money would have been on Emeril's Banana Cream Pie, served with caramel sauce, chocolate shavings and whipped cream. I didn't take pictures at Delmonico, but we enjoyed our food immensely and I would return in a heartbeat.  The staff is well-trained and extremely attentive, and the food is unpretentious, well-prepared and top-drawer.
With all due respect to other Steak places in Vegas, Delmonico knocks it out of the park! The bone in ribeye (Delmonico), cream corn, cream spinach, potatoes gratin, even the mixed greens salad were fantastic! The banana cream pie and even the quality of coffee were above par. Our waiter Michael and his co-staff were great. We have a now a total of three great experiences at Delmonico. Is it expensive, well isn't everything in Vegas? It is a must every time we're in Vegas.
I ate the duck and it was nicely done. The other people I was with had steak and salmon.. They also enjoyed their meals.
after I had stake here, I am not satisfied any other stake house...sign.. Delmonico stake is the best.. Make sure to get "bone in rib eye". Simple salt & pepper, and you can taste the MEAT.. Fillet minon was good, but compare to salt & pepper rib eye, I like rib eye 100 times better.. The excellent cooking temperature, perfect medium rare.. I have no complain. . Amazing.. . Also, the simple lettuce wadge salad was amazing, too..  To make this simple dish this good is wonderful.. . I highly recommend this place.. . So, sad that they are not near where I live.
the best meal ive ever had hands down. cooked perfectly high quality you get what you pay for and wont be disappointed
The bone-in rib eye is easily the highlight of this steakhouse. The medium rare steak had excellent flavor along with the marbled fat that simply melted in my mouth. The oysters, ahi tuna & salmon tartare, butternut squash ravioli, and bbq shrimp are all excellent choices for starters and the potato gratin is a good side dish to have the steak with. The wine list is very extensive, but if you're not up for all that intensive reading, they also have a very knowledgeable staff to make recommendations. I was a little disappointed with peppermint profiteroles which were a little too stiff for my liking. Service was great and efficient. I must have had my water glass filled 7-8 times that night. Pricing is relatively decent - entrees around $50 and starters/sides/deserts around $10-$15 each.
Unbelievably great food & service. The  steak's are divine and cooked to perfection. Portions are bigger than expected. Try the butternut squash ravioli and the wild arugula w/ raspberries. All dishes were beautifully presented, perfectly seasoned and dressed, and absolutely delicious. There was not a single bite leftover from anyone's plate.. . Overall, this place was expensive, but it was worth every penny. . . Go ahead treat yourself, I dare you!!
Impressive table side carved steak. Probably the best dessert I've had thus far....The Banana cream pie
We went on Christmas Day, so had a few specials. Started with they oysters - very good. Then a duck salad. The duck was rich but was cooked right. It's extremely hard to cook good duck, but they nailed it! Then I got the filet minion, medium rare. It melted in my mouth. It was amazing. It may have been more on the rare side, but I had no complaints. To finish off my experience I got the bread pudding. Just like the filet, amazing. The pecan buttered ice cream and the warm bread was bigger than it looked - but had no problem finishing it. In our group of 3, we each got a different menu item - I feel like what i got trumped the other dishes. Try it!
Outstanding
Let the 5 star rating speak for itself. Absolutely delicious mind blowing steaks served here. The bone-in ribeye was grilled to perfection. Topped with butter. Seriously, could you ask for anything more. I had tears welling up in my eyes it was so good. I was having a moment. Tender beyond belief. The cajun rub did not taste cajun. It tasted like seasoned perfection.. . Excellent sides and appetizers. Wine list, extensive. Decor wasn't my style but very simple - nothing to write home about. The staff was very attentive, helpful, and courteous. . . Again. Mind blowing!
D is for Delmonico's!  I love steak!  I love Rib Eye Steak the most so I order it everywhere.  This ranks as the 3rd best Rib Eye flavor wise I've had behind Fleming's and Joe's Stone Crab IMO.  I had the mushrooms for sides which were good but not fantastic!  The Banana Cream Pie was exceptional.  Very thick and rich!  When you visit, dress like a High Roller!  =)
My rating is based solely on my experiences at the bar and Max Solano's mastery of spirits. I kind of treat Vegas like a giant tapas restaurant and basically go from restaurant to restaurant having an app and drink at each stop so I cannot comment on their food or service other than the apps that I have had there which have been delicious.. . Max Solano is Emeril's master mixologist in Vegas and I believe he creates all the signature cocktails for Emeril's Vegas properties or maybe it's just the Venetian/Palazzo properties. Whatever the case may be this man can make a drink. Do yourself a favor and sit and the bar when Max is working and let him design or recommend a drink based on your personal tastes. I have given him just two ingredients that I was craving and had him invent a cocktail for the first time right there in front of me that would rate as the best I have ever had. He is a true artist behind the bar. He also boasts what is one of the most extensive whiskey inventories in the country!. . A cocktail or two by Max is a great way to start or end an evening and sometimes both in the same sitting but either way add a Solano cocktail to your Vegas must do list the next time you visit Vegas.
Just went last night. Still THE BEST steak any of our party had ever enjoyed...and it's consistently at that level. excellent service; just a GREAT way to enjoy a vegas evening before hitting the clubs, tables or whatever else is on the agenda.
Second time dining at DelMonico.  Food was great service was on. Point. A must when in Las Vegas
i had an amazing dinner here the other night with a friend.  In often too-busy Vegas, it's nice to find a nice, quiet, comfortable, spacious restaurant like this one, tucked in the Restaurant Row of the Venetian.. . The food was very good -- I'd recommend the heirloom tomato salad and the lobster bisque.  The Filet was great as was the bone-in ribeye.  The wine list is amazing with a very nice collection of French wine, top burgundies in particular.  And if you're in the mood to drop $500-$750 on a bottle, you can actually great a very good value on wine that would cost much more elsewhere.
Had one of the best meals I every had. Was celebrating both mine and my nephews b'days in LV. Awesome food even better service. Bone-in ribeye rocked the table.
I came here with some girlfriends during my Bachelorette weekend in Vegas. We had a reservation for 7 girls, and were very promptly sat at our reservation hour.. . The service here is spectacular, and the food is equally enjoyable. My girls and I shared our entrees and side dishes, so that we could each have a taste of a little bit of everything.. . Entrees:. - FILET MIGNON - 9 oz, and absolutely melt-in-your-mouth yummy. This cut was like BUTTER.. - EMERIL'S BBQ SALMON - Also melted like butter with every bite. It was amazing how tender, yet well-cooked the fish was. The hash side dish that came with the meal was very complimentary!. - GRILLED MARINATED ORGANIC CHICKEN BREAST - Mostly juicy (a teeny bit dry), but great flavors. The fingerling potatoes were pretty standard, and the wild mushrooms weren't very tasty to me.. - BONE IN RIBEYE - 20 oz, and great for sharing! Our waiter even cut the steak for our girls so that each could have medium rare/well.. - AMERICAN RED SNAPPER - the sides didn't seem as appealing at first for my friend who had this dish, but she ended up enjoying them!. . Sides:. - CREAMED CORN GRATINEE - delicious. A great combination of that sweet and salty flavor. Texture was right on point!. - BUTTERED FRESH ASPARAGUS - fabulous crunch, and not so much flavor added to cover up the natural enjoyable flavor of the veggie. . All in all, a great experience. We weren't too full at the end of the meal, and didn't have to worry about wasting any food or taking back any leftovers.. . Highly recommended!
I am a sucker for celebrity chef restaurants. After a poor dining experience at Gordon Ramsey's Pub & Grill, I was a little skeptical to try another one. Delmonico was wonderful and would blow the pants off anything with Gordon Ramsey's name attached.. . The service here was impeccable. We had multiple servers and they all worked as a team. We never had to ask for anything because they were always on top of it.. . The wine list was like a novel! . . I ordered the vine-ripened tomato salad with burrata, which was very tasty. For my meal, I had the filet mignon, cooked PERFECTLY medium rare. Overcooked meat does not make me happy, so I was very pleased with how mine came out. I also ordered a baked potato with the works...this potato was HUGE. The waitress even offered to being me more toppings if I ran out.. . For dessert, we tried the banana bread pudding which was delicious and very rich with a scoop of ice cream on top.. . I was extremely impressed with Delmonico and would absolutely eat there again!
Still the most consistent and my personal favorite in Vegas!
Bone in ribeye was incredible. Even offered a special "book" of scotch selections.
EXCELLENT!! Everything was perfect...Ambiance, Service, especially the food.  Wished I had a bigger appetite to hold more food.   There were 3 of us girls sharing the Vine-Ripened Tomato Salad with the Burrata Cheese ~ Excellent!   We weren't very hungry so we shared the Chateaubriand among the 3 of us. It was a perfect size for 3 people.  The portions were well divided with enough sides and steak to go around for 3 people.  . . We wished we had a bigger appetite to order dessert and try Truffle Potato Chips. Can't wait til my next Vegas trip to try out more of the menu.
My experience is from dining at the bar. I never discount the bar as an option for a wonderful evening. It honestly is the best way for a single diner or even two people to enjoy a nice evening without the pretense of an uppity experience.. . My friend and I came to Delmonico, dressed in tank tops and jeans, so we found an open spot up front. The bartenders are friendly and just as polished as any server. The recommendations for red pairing with our bone in ribeye to the port at the end was perfection. We started our meal off with the steak tartare. It has to be the second best in the city. I wished they would use a quail egg to dress it instead of a chicken's. Moving on to our entree, we split the ribeye and it was more than enough for the both of us. Add a side of the haricot vert with sauteed shallots and it is the perfect meal. Being in an Emeril restaurant we we had to finish with one of his specialty desserts. I tend to not be a big pie fan, so we went with the bread pudding. It is decadent and comes in a generous portion. No one person should be able to polish one off on their own. . . This is one of those restaurants were I would not even bother with getting a table and would prefer to eat out at the bar.
Had the NY steak with sauteed mushrooms, creamed spinach and gratin potatoes......Superb!!!
A few of us went for my honeys bday recently this past weekend, we read reviews and figured we would try it. This place was ridiculous!! Omg!!! We had Fois gras and steak tar tar for apps (daalishsus), then there was a few perfectly cooked melt in your mouth ribeye steaks with daalishsus sides and an order of the butternut squash ravioli!! So buttery rich you didn't want it to end! and of course there was dessert, creme brulee and John brought the bday boy some perfect sorbet! ugh!!! Seriously where do they get off??  Then to top it off they had the nerve to provide amazing service as well! John, I assume the manager, was great very attentive, fun, well humored!! We will absolutely be returning especially since the birthday boy can't stop talking about it! Lol thank you Delmonico's staff for being awesome!
HELLO!!?!?! This place was SO GOOD. We had the table side Caesar Salad which was delicious of course and I had the filet mignon and boyfriend had a big bone in rib eye. We had scalloped potatoes as our side and everything was truly amazing. Our server said Jay-Z and Beyonce were there about one month prior which made us feel like our choice of eating here was a good one. We went to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday and I let them know that when I made reservations. They did a great job of making sure everyone that encountered our table knew that which was nice- made us feel really valued. A really beautiful steak dinner and they did an excellent job of making our special occasion extra special. SO GOOD!!! Steak was cooked to perfection and the cajun rub that they put on it was really a nice touch. Can't hate anything with a large pat of butter on top either- of course it was everything I had hoped this filet would be and more. The crispy outside of the cajun spices was really a nice addition of coursean emril style thing you'd hope for. YUM!
while in vegas attending my employer conference -  myself, my business partner and our clients ate here for dinner. . . - ambiance is "right on". - service is "awesome". - food is "Oh My Gosh" (alaskan halibut w/ mash potato). . need i say more?
The old adage, you get what you pay for fits here! Expensive but what a treat! One of the best steaks I have ever eaten! Service was amazing and the chef even came out to check on us. There are simply not enough superlatives for this place!
Decadent.  Delicious.  Delightful.  . . That was our experience, celebrating our 3-year Wedding Anniversary at Delmonico's! . . #Bone-In Ribeye ~ a must ($52).  Tender, seasoned and delicious.  Perfectly cooked medium rare.  We added the foie gras accompaniment ($20), which made it INCREDIBLE.  Killer combo and highly recommended!. . #Corn Au Gratin ~ piping hot, with crunchy bread crumbs on top.  Not too heavy, not too light.  A definite winner.  I could not stop eating it.. . #Creamed Spinach ~ good.  Also not too heavy.  But, not mind blowing.  . . #Wild Mushroom Pappardelle Pasta with Truffle ~ a decadent appetizer and quite delicious.  ($20)  This was a dinner special, so I don't know if they regularly have it.  Tasty, but quite a small proportion.. . #Lobster Salad with Champagne Vinaigrette ~ tasty, with a nice chunk of lobster on the side of leafy greens, thinly sliced red onions and halved cherry tomatoes.  ($20) But, nothing to write home about.  . . #Bread ~ Biscuit shaped croissants, with butter.  Ok.  Would have been better served warm.  . . Service was attentive.  Our champagne glasses were topped off regularly.  Water glasses refilled constantly.  Reservations were a piece of cake through OpenTable.  Seated within 5 minutes of arrival.  Total bill - $200+ for 2 people.  Reasonably priced for fine dining.  . . BOTTOM LINE:  Highly recommend and would dine again!  Next time, I will leave room for dessert.  Creme Brulee and Bread Pudding was on the menu and I heart both!
My favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas, somewhere I know I can go and get a great steak and have a great atmosphere to share with friends or family.  I have been going to Delmonico since about four year ago and I have never been disappointed once.. . One of my favorite things about this place is every time I have made a reservation I have always got seated almost exactly on time.  This place is not cheap nor is it too overpriced compared to other steakhouses in Las Vegas that don't even come close to this one.. . One of my favorite things is they have an great selection of scotches and bourbon, the have a separate menu for it and if you like either please make sure and check it out.. . Give this place a try and know that I recommend it to everyone.
Awesome food with excellent service. We shared the BBQ Shrimp which was excellent, the Butternut Ravioli was great & the oysters on the half shell were fresh.. We spilt a spinach salad that was good and the Ribeye Steak was to die for.. We ended with the Banana Cream Pie that was 5 layers deep . This was truly a WOW dinner
My wife took me here for a fabulous dinner before the Blue Man Group show.  We got there in plenty of time and explained that we wanted to sit and enjoy our experience and planned on being there for awhile.  We were told that it was no problem and they were happy to have us as long as we like.  We were never once rushed or pushed out like at a lot of places just trying to turn tables even though we were there 2-3 hours.  The service was amazing but not to the point where you were harrassed...our drinks were never empty and plates never sat long but it seems we never noticed the waiter coming and going which is awesome.  We took our time with drinks, appetizers, and dinner and all were timed perfectly and served when we were ready.  The food was amazing as well!  I had the escargot and the bone-in ribeye which was the best steak I have ever had!  I have had a lot of steaks from so called steakhouses and top recommended restaurants, this is definitely tops!  My wife had the lobster bisque and king crab legs which were also absolutely delicious.  The prices are higher, but it goes directly with the service and quality of food and I have no problem paying for what we got.  We will definitely go back...now if we could only catch Emeril there!
My wife and I had dinner at Delmonico on Thursday 6-6-2013.  Every person that works there, that we encountered, was 100% professional and took great care of us.  The restaurant is very quiet, you can actually have a good conversation and hear every word said.. I ordered the Petite Iceberg Lettuce Salad.  It includes Wisconsin Buttermilk Blue Cheese.  This is one of the best salads I've ever had.  I then had the Bone In New York Steak.  It was excellent.  I had, for dessert, a chocolate cake that was top notch.. I rate the New York steak a great buy for the price you pay.  I rate this place as an excellent place to treat yourself to an excellent meal with superb service.  Tip the staff at least 20%....they deserve it.
I have had the best meal of MY LIFE, on 3 separate occasions at Emeril Lagasse's Delmonicos.  I loved how I have never been let down when I have gone there.  I really enjoy steak, and his bone-in ribeye was the best I have EVER had - the crust on the medium-rare perfection was amazing.  . . That being said, I expect a great steak at any steakhouse I go to, so that's not enough to make this my best meal ever.  However, the sides and dessert we equally amazing! The creamed spinach is unlike any other I've ever had, the mushroom were succulent, and the football sized baked potato really hit the spot.  The service was great, the ambiance is perfect, and the chairs and tables are very comfortable.. . I wish I could come here more often.  Every time I plan a vegas trip, the sure bet is that I will be here.  I loved it, and I think you would too.
Went here for lunch while in Las vegas on June 4, 2013.  Fabulous service, definitely a first class place.  My girlfriend and I started with the caesar salad which was just wonderful, great flavor and presentation.  We then both went with the steak sandwich with truffle oil fries.  The steak sandwich though not huge was extremely delicious and I mean EXTREMELY delicious.  Everything that went into it was perfect, the spinach, the mushrooms, the grilled chibata, the horseradish mayo, and the wonderful juicy perfectly cooked steak.  It is a bit pricey at $18, but definitely worth the price in my opinion.  The fries weren't anything special and were a bit over cooked.  The setting was nice, but the restaurant was empty and all the guests dining were confined to the front dining room.  Overall great meal, and I will be a repeat customer when back in town.
If you're lost you can look - and you will find me. Time after time. If you fall I will catch you - I'll be waiting. Time after time at...DELMONICO! - Michelle Chamuel (time after time cover). . The best way to satisfy a girl (at least food-wise LOL) has got to be a nice juicy piece of steak. Located next to the Blue Man group theatre at the Venetian, this place was packed on a Saturday night and for good reason. . . From reading all the other reviews, there really wasn't any other choice to be made than to order the bone-in ribeye. We both ordered that except I got mines with foie gras since I miss it sooo much (california ban no bueno). I understand how fattening it is, especially with a steak, but its Vegas and she looked so effing hot and I told myself, NIKE! (just do it!) I got mines medium rare like the pros and it came out just as I had hoped - not overcooked, although there were small parts where I questioned if it was too rare for me! I mean my whole mentality that night before we met up with my friends at Hakkasan ft. Calvin Harris was #yolo! so I figured it WHY NOT? To my very surprise, I managed to finish ~85% of the huge piece of steak, which was quite an accomplishment for myself. The meal itself was exquisite, with service being impeccable, and a prefix to one amazing night.
Excellent service and food.  Not inexpensive, but worth the price.  Tender steaks.
This was the second time Joe and I had diner at Delmonico's steakhouse located in the Palazzo hotel and it did not disappoint.  We were seated promptly when we arrived, the meal started with a mushroom and creme cheese pastry.  Even though I do not care for either ingredient I finished my whole thing!. . All dishes were beautifully presented, perfectly seasoned and dressed,. and absolutely delicious.  The service here was impeccable. We had multiple servers and they all worked as a team. We never had to ask for anything because they were always on top of it.  . . Here is an example of the service, Joe was debating between two dessert wines after deciding on one, and they also brought him a sample of the other option.. Bam! Great service, great food and great atmosphere!. . For pictures visit my blog at http://staci.writesthisblog.com/index.php/vegas-trip-delmonico-s-steakhouse/
I go to this restaurant every time I go to Vegas, which in my line of work is about 4 times a year. The food and service can't be beat. Now, in a fairness it is one of those she she places where everything is rediculously over priced and gives you that feeling of "do i make enough money to eat here" lol Its all an act and at the end of the day, it really is a fantastic place to eat!
Delicious- from the cocktails to the steaks! Apps: We tried the oysters and bbq shrimp (holy yum!). Entrees: Our party of 6 had all steaks (filet, ribeye and bone-in ribeye) which were all cooked to perfection. One ribeye was very fatty but that's to be expected with that cut and the portion size of the steaks is so that there was plenty to be found that was free of fat- seriously, these steaks are HUGE, definitely share-worthy. Sides: Creamed Corn (VERY yum!), Sauteed Mushrooms (yum), Mashed potatoes (how can you go wrong) and a Twice Baked Potato (a little over done on the bottom but still good regardless). We enjoyed the service and the experience overall. Would highly recommend!
Dinner was fabulous. The bone in ribeye was perfectly done, the filet was blue as requested, not an easily done prep-and spit on. The grits, as well as the creamed spinach very tasty. The banana cream pie a perfectly yummy dessert for two. Well worth the price.
Let's be honest: steakhouses are a dime-a-dozen in Las Vegas. Every which way you look, there's some place that's being advertised as "The Best Steakhouse in Nevada!" or "THE Las Vegas Steakhouse" or "If Elvis Were Alive, He Would Eat Here!". . Not all steakhouses are created equal -- Delmonico is proof of that.. . Situated in between the Palazzo and the Venetian, Delmonico is unassuming from the outside. It looks simple and classy. Once you step inside, however, you realize that comfort is their highest priority. The chairs are deep and made of the most comfortable leather. You won't want to get up when you're finished with your meal. . . This was our second visit (our first for lunch), and I must say that the service was just as attentive and cordial as they had been the first time. Both of our servers were named Peter (which turned out to be quite humorous when we called out for one and they both came running), and they were extremely pleasant. They had absolutely no problem recommending dishes or letting us know their personal favorites. . . For my appetizer, I had the heirloom tomato salad. The tomatoes were ripe, juicy, and delicious. The accompanying cheese was a perfect pair to offset the acidity of the tomatoes. Thin slivers of onions covered the perimeter of the plate, which were also very nice.. . I chose the fillet of beef medallions for my entree, and I was impressed with how absolutely wonderful they were. About a half-dollar in diameter and an inch tall, they were perfectly cooked, not to mention topped in Parmesan cheese and drizzled with homemade Worcestershire sauce. . . Delmonico doesn't need to be one of those places that wears people out with advertising. They know how good they are, and they aren't afraid to knock your socks off. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a relaxing way to enjoy an evening with good people and great food.
Exceptional, delicious, great service!  Everything from the appetizer (special salad with Humboldt Fog Goat Cheese, Peaches, Prosciutto) to the meal (Filet, medium rare) to the dessert (Banana Creme Pie was to die for) were amazing.  Don't leave here without ordering the garlic mushrooms- they were amazing.  We were stuck on which wine to order and our waiter gave us an excellent recommendation. . . I will be back!
One of the BEST steak houses in Vegas, no need to go anywhere else.. . I am the biggest mastros fan in Los Angeles, and in Las Vegas.  If you feel like the special rub, cooked to perfection steak... this is the place.  . My filet was cooked to perfection.  It would come off the fork and knife like butter.. The juices running down the plate, the char on the steak glowing in my face. . . For fans of rib eye, this is the place (get the bone in) I know you may not want to do the work, but its fantastic.  For the filet eaters like me, this is the place.. . The tableside caesar was perfect.  The dressing was spot on, with anchovies (if requested) just the right amount of cheese, and other ingredients.  Its a do it.. . I stayed away from the potatoes, but had the creamed corn and spinach and good grief, the night kept getting better and better.. . The gran finale, was the biggest piece of banana cream pie I have ever had.. This is no ordinary banana cream pie.  This is over 5 layers of pure banana pieces baked with the best crust and cream you have ever had in your life.. . Even if you decide to dine somewhere else (which I disagree with) go for the dessert.. You will leave Las Vegas with a smile on your face, ready to gamble and hit the night  on the town.
Incredible,  we had 10 people and the staff killed it with their service.  The food was amazing.  The steaks were perfect, the sides delicious and great desserts.  After having a terrible meal at craft this was one of the best meals I've ever had.  Thanks Delmonico's!
Steak! My first trip to Vegas was this past summer with a group of friends. We ate here one night and it's the best steak I have every had in my life. I started with the lobster bisque and for dinner had the boneless ribeye medium rare with a bunch of different sides for the table, no room for desert though. Also two of my friends ordered the Caesar Salad which they make table side (for two people).  . . Lobster bisque... very very tasty and rich. If you don't like rich foods then you should not order this. It also has nice size chunks of lobster in it. . . Boneless ribeye, medium rare...Amazing. It was cooked to perfection, just the way medium rare should be. It was well cooked and well seasoned, there's no need to dip it in ketchup or steak sauce. It was a pretty decent size cut of meat too, I can't remember the ounces but I left stuffed. . . Caesar salad...I'm not a fan of rabbit food but watching the person make it table side it looked really good. In a matter of about 5-8 minutes he made two servings of what I was told was the best Caesar salad ever,. . At this restaurant, the steak doesn't come with anything, you have to order the sides separately, I think we ordered asparagus, wild sauteed wild mushrooms and twice baked potato. All was cooked to perfection. . . The Service...it was the outstanding. There are three people per table, so you are always attended to and the waiter is well versed in the menu and the drinks. I wasn't too sure what I wanted so I asked him for a recommendation and he asked me a few questions and based on those answers brought a drink out, which was good. I can't remember the name but it was good. I think it had 3 different kinds of liquor in it but it didn't taste like it at all, not overwhelming, good blend, good bartender. . . It is expensive but well worth the money. The food, the service, the atmosphere and best of all since it is Vegas no need to really dress up, my kind of place. Definitely have to go there again when I go back during Christmas.
Great experience. I enjoyed the filet and caesar salad! My steak was cooked to PERFECTION! The service was top notch! I will definitely return! One of my favorite steak houses in Las Vegas!!
Second time I have been here. The strip steak here goes down as the best steak overall I have ever had. God the creamed corn is heavenly as well. This place is not afraid of butter, yay! Will be back
***This review is only for the cocktails in the lounge***. . Whether you spell it "whiskey" or "whisky", Carol W and I have been long time lovers of this brown spirit in all of its forms.  Therefore, it was a logical imperative that we check out Delmonico Steakhouse and its vaunted whiskey collection.  We got there around 9:30 on a Thursday night and the place was largely empty as the restaurant was nearing the end of its service for the night.  As a side mission, we wanted to also check out the much-mentioned "secret" menu of whiskey-based cocktails created and crafted by Delmonico's lead barman, Max Solano.  Max possesses encyclopedic knowledge of whiskey and is personable and passionate about what he does and if he isn't busy, is very willing to impart some of his knowledge discussing the finer points of whiskey and his whiskey program.  As the curator of Delmonico's whiskey collection, he's assembled the most comprehensive lineup of whiskeys I've ever seen to include hundreds of ultra high quality, hard to find, or never heard of before brands from around the world.  As a personal aside, did they have Pappy Van Winkle?  Yes, of course,...the ENTIRE frickin' Pappy product line and it was on the shelf, not out of stock like so many other places that have it listed on their menu!  I was so tempted to get the Pappy whiskey flight, but on this visit, I was even more intrigued by the secret menu of cocktails.  . . Delmonico has a standard (but very intriguing looking) cocktail menu consisting of classics and originals that all of the bartenders can prepare.  However, only Max knows how to craft the secret menu cocktails.  I had the Don's Orders made with Templeton Rye and the Smoked Bluff made with Glenmorangie 12 yr. and both were complex, boozy with subtle sweetness, yet completely balanced.  Simply put, Max's secret menu cocktails were hands down the best treatment of whiskey in a cocktail form that I've yet consumed.  If you love whiskey, then the Delmonico Steakhouse is a must!  The next time for us?  We may even get around to trying the food!
The food in this restaurant was excellent.  We went with a large group.  They did not rush us.
Had the ribeye bone-in with foie gras on top. The best steak of my life.
I don't know if my review is biased because of how horrible Del Frisco's in Vegas has been, but I really enjoyed my bone in ribeye.  It was cooked perfectly, and the sides were excellent.  Not much more you can ask for from a steakhouse!
Great service and the best cooked steaks my wife and I have had in the US. The cocktails and sides are also delicious. Pricey but worth it
Celebrated my daughter's birthday here as it washer desire to dine here again, and everything was fabulous! My daughter & my husband shared the Chateaubriand with asparagus & mashed potatoes, and I ordered the Filet Mignon Au Poivre which was wonderful... Starters equalled Lobster Bisque & Butternut Squash Ravioli which were excellent as well... Impeccable service & the highest Quality food & preparation were greatly appreciated for a special occasion for our family! Thank you for a memorable evening!. Banana Cream Pie for Bday dessert was ridiculously great & enough for many to share!
Amazing!! The food was delicious!  I ordered the lobster soup as an entree and the Salmon on a bed of potatoes it was amazing! My husband had Steak and potatoes it was cooked to perfection. It is pricey but worth every penny. We will definitely be back for our anniversary.
Hands down the best steak I've ever had. . . What an absolutely memorable experience from start to finish and a complete slam dunk on the three foodie tenets: food, service and ambiance. . . Our waiter, Frank, was friendly, hilarious and beyond helpful. His recommendations just simply rocked. The ambiance was spacious, open, modern and comfortably cozy - the dining area is huge and perfect for large group dinners. We stayed at the Palazzo so it was a convenient location to head to since its in the heart of the Venetian. . . Now here are the juicy deets on the food: . 1. Tomato Bisque soup with a dollop of cream: OH MY GOODNESS. So creamy and absolutely delicious. 2. Filet of beef medallions: The juiciest and most tender pieces of beef you'll ever find topped with mushrooms & bread crumbs, apple bacon, parmesan cheese and a special home made sauce *insert tears of happiness* . 3. Delmonico's prime hamburger: Oh my oh my. Served on a toasted brioche roll with cheddar cheese and bacon and accompanied by a bed of fries... this burger is unlike your average joe one. It's hearty, juicy, tender and foodgasmic. Do yourselves a major favor and include this as one of your entrees. . 4. Emeril's banana cream pie: After all of the steak and appetizers, my stomach was literally about to burst from fullness. However, at the taste of this pie, I was somehow able to stretch my pants to new heights and devour the whole pie. Thank goodness my bf and I ordered our own desserts because he just wouldn't have gotten any otherwise. . 5. The pinot noir I ordered was the perfect complement to all of the above, taking my palette to new extremes. Unfortunately, I can't remember the name, but I do remember that it was from Sonoma and I ordered it by the glass. . . We also had the lobster bisque and the BBQ shrimp as appetizers. While they were phenomenal as well, they were a mere 5 stars in comparison to the 6-7 star dishes above. So basically, you can't lose by ordering anything at Delmonico's. . . Happy Eating, Yelpers!
Long overdue review! Went back in July...and swore to myself I needed to give the place kudos because we had such a lovely experience. The food was delicious...and yes, it's a steakhouse, but I'd go back just for the banana cream pie. Oh...how I long for that pie. Anyway...the standout though has got to be the service. When our steaks came, I was disappointed to see that my steak had been overcooked - but it was clearly a busy night (and it looked like they had some crazy difficult customers that night), and I'm not usually one to complain, so I figured it still tasted good, and said nothing. But the manager, Ken, was nearby, and must've seen me sort of picking and inspecting my food, and he came by to make sure things were okay. I said they were fine, but he insisted on checking it out for me -- and in the end, even though I had already taken a few bites, he brought me a whole new steak and made sure it was cooked the way I liked before he left us to dine. That is fantastic service. . . Food was delicious, foie gras was heavenly (damn you California for banning it!), and the service top notch.
The Ben:  This is my steakhouse when I'm in Las Vegas. Why?  Well, I usually stay in the Palazzo, but they have some pretty amazing steaks.  They start you off with these fresh out of the oven dinner rolls that you can never get enough of, but watch out that you don't fill up on it.  The steaks are worth skipping some bread for.  I always go with the aged prime ribeye on the bone.   It never disappoints and this time since there is a ban of foie gras in Cali I opted to try it for the first time as a topper.  Please don't mock me for never trying the foie, well I can you can, but as a Yelper/foodie I had to try it for my street cred.  I thought it was okay, I just I'm not as much as a foodie as everybody else.  It was just some extra fat for my steak.  I would recommend the banana cream pie for dessert, it was amazing!  Bravo!. . The Bad:  Only thing I would say it thatyou will be having a slow dinner.  I think we were there for a few hours.. . The Ben:  Get the ribeye, pie and prepare for they long night of eating.
Our 1st time to Vegas and my husband loves Emeril, so we went with 3 other people.  Our waiter Ryan was just amazing!  Our food was divine!  We had such a good experience, when we go to Vegas we will definitely come here again.  I would recommend it to anyone!  Key Lime pie was so good!  We all liked the banana cream pie as well.  My Filet was to doe for.
Appetizer: Ahi!. Entree: Bone-in ribeye!. . Really recommend this place if you want something decent in Vegas.
Impeccable service, amazing food, & super easy accessibility when staying at The Palazzo means 5 stars all the way in my book.. . But the FOOOOOOD alone deserves 5 stars:. . Tuna & Salmon Tartare - very fresh tuna & salmon tartare, each delicately seasoned, with a bit of wasabi sauce & seaweed salad in between.  A lightly dressed cucumber and red onion salad with the tiniest seasame seeds sprinkled on top added a nice vinegary element.  And crunchy wonton chips were perfect to scoop up everything with.  Great texture & flavor!. . Bone In Ribeye - a seared perfectly, served medium rare, herb butter topped, giant steak.  Classic.  Awesome.. . Applewood Smoked Double Cut Kurobuta Ham Chop - I'm not a big fan of pork so if I say that I loved this, it's a BIG deal.  This double cut chop had seared, caramelized, fatty edges, and was perfectly seasoned.  This was THE juiciest pork chop I've ever had.  Served with pecan-topped, candied sweet potatoes that are a MUST eat with the chop, & a cider reduction.  The combination of savory, sweet, buttery, meaty, pecan-y, brown sugary, and slightly hammy flavors together were amazing.  Emeril knows his pork!. . Wild Mushrooms - a generous mess of delicious mixed mushrooms.  Yes.. . Banana Cream Pie - a ridiculously impressive-looking presentation, crazy tall!  Thin & slightly salty crispy graham crust, tons of freshly sliced bananas, able to reach such heights because the pudding was more cheesecake-y texture & acted as banana mortar.  Topped with fresh whipped cream, a drizzle of caramel, & a few chocolate shavings.  You'd have to be crazy to attempt to eat this alone!. . This was definitely a dinner to remember, and that ham chop is something to spread the word about.  Get it!
Been here a couple times, the last one for my birthday in September. Quality and service were phenomenal as always. Ordered the filet mignon with foie gras, mashed potatoes, and their bread pudding. My man ordered the salmon and it was delicious. My friends were very happy with their dishes as well. Even got a complimentary bottle of wine (though I think that was a mistake on their part. Oops!). Needless to say, I'm a fan and will go back whenever I'm in town.
Absolutely fantastic service, atmosphere, and food. We started with the tuna tartare and cheese plate and then shared the bone in ribeye. The staff was perfect - they doggy-bagged the cheese we couldn't finish and happily cut our steak in two. Our sides were mashed potatoes and asparagus...delicious. The kicker was the mark up on the Chianti we ordered was very reasonable, particularly for a restaurant of this price range.. We were in LV for five nights and this meal/restaurant won hands down.
This has to be one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Been there many times and each time it is fantastic.. . The food is really excellent. Some of the best steaks you will ever have. There has been nothing ive had here that has been short of excellent. Its traditional, with a hint of cajon for some little extra spice and flavor.. . Some of the best service of anywhere in Vegas. I always love when the food is served to the entire table at one.. . If I am in the mood for steak, I would pick Delmonico. Emril knows what he is doing with this one.
Omg if you want a really big, soft, juicy steak seasoned and cooked perfectly you have got to come here! My gf and I both got what they are known for which is their bone in rib eye. Just a heads up though, only get this is you are starving because this piece of meat is HUGE! I swear it must've been a 12oz! I almost forgot to mention that we also had the lobster bisque and this was also delicious! Words cannot describe how good the food is here, even the service is awesome! If you are starving and craving for some really good food you HAVE to try this place! The only downfall is their chairs don't have wheels on them so you can't be rolled out!
Impeccable service and outstanding steaks!  But then again what do you expect it's Emeril and Las Vegas!
Delicious steak house! I will recommend you make reservations and come with a healthy appetite! This place is top notch. The decor is romantic and comfortable. I would definitely tell you truffle lovers to order the truffled potato chips. I promise they won't disappoint. In regards to the meat, it's comparable to any wonderful steakhouse I've ever been to. The service was phenomenal. This is a place I will definitely be returning to, it's a gem on the strip !
Best steakhouse we've been to yet. Our wine pairing was on point. Absolutely excellent service, highly recommend!
Quite possibly, the best steak I ever had.  Went here with my wife and made sure I had reservations.  We were seated promptly upon arrival.  The rolls were delicious, as they are in all of Emeril's restaurants.  Ordered the Lobster Bisque soup, which was incredible.  The large pieces of lobster inside the soup just made it all that much better.  I ordered the bone-in ribeye and my wife ordered the filet.  Both steaks were cooked perfectly and were extremely tender.  We also enjoyed the twice baked potato with our meal.  For dessert, we had to have the Banana Cream Pie.  It was absolutely fabulous.  It had chocolate shavings drizzled on top and caramel sauce on the plate.  This is not your ordinary piece of pie.  It was absolutely heaven.  We had a fantastic meal, just like we have at Emeril's other restaurants.  The service was excellent and the staff was very friendly.
Just ate at Delmonico's for dinner tonight. I was really in the mood for a good steak, and this place did not disappoint AT ALL!! The pappardelle mushroom pasta appetizer was not quite as flavorful a dish as I anticipated, but very good none the less. Also had the truffle and Parmesan potato chips, which are a MUST HAVE!!  The Bone in New York Strip was quite possibly the most flavorful steak I have had in a long time if not ever. The Service was spot on and the atmosphere was relaxed. My wife and I visit Vegas once a year and we will be sure to make it to Delmonico's at least once per trip from now on.
We had a great meal last night because service was first class. I wouldn't order the bone in ribeye I didn't think it had a good flavor. Steak tartare was delicious and the cream of corn.
This is the 3rd time we've been to Delmonico & honestly, it keeps getting better! The service is top notch.  Our servers were on top of everything but not intrusive & the manager, Rene, was friendly  & knowledgeable about all aspects of the restaurant.  For our appetizers, we had oysters on the 1/2 shell, wilted spinach salad & heirloom tomato soup.  All we're yummy.  We've come to realize that splitting a steak between 3 people is the way to go.  In the past, half our steak would go to waste as these steaks are huge!  We split a bone in ribeye and there was still a couple of pieces left over. The reason you get so full is because the sides at Delmonico are out of this world! This time around we had the potatoes au gratin, creamed spinach & creamed corn.  I could make a meal on Delmonico side dishes alone - they're that good!  While they've served up delicious desserts in the past (what? No more bread pudding?), we just didn't have room for dessert this time.  I can't wait until we are back in Vegas again & have the time to stop by this gem of a restaurant.  It's true culinary bliss!
This is part of my steak house reviews for Las Vegas. Delmonico's is a premier steak place. The staff is top notch and make you feel at home even though it is a high end steak joint. We were there for a bachelor party.  all of us tried varieties of different cuts. The filet and ribeye were phenomenal. The side selection was not as good as some other steak places I've been too, however it was still good. The only drawback and it was a minor one, was we had a vegan with us. His chef's creation was substandard for a place this cutting edge.
we are a repeat customer-- best service - Thx Tom!!! Best NY steak, Ribeye---unbelievable flavor. Great Kir Royale.  Unbelievable Banana Cream Pie.  This has to be best restaurant in vegas
I recently had 2 lunches and dinner at this restaurant. I must say that their Atlantic Salmon on the lunch menu was the bomb!  It comes with corn and crab pieces with the salmon. Ask for medium and your salmon steak would be just perfect! . . Their lobster brisk soup is also delicious. However, it is on the pricier side. I believe about $11 at lunch time for the soup and $14 at dinner time.  . . I also had their salad for lunch... I forgot the name but it's the one with arugula, spinach and 3-4 different chunks of cheeses. It was delicious!! . . For dinner I had the bone-in aged ribeye, foie gras appetizer, cream corn, and the mixed green salad.. . The appetizer foie gras when it was first served was over cooked and dry. Also, the brioche breads served with the foie gras had peanut butter sauce on them which in my opinion did not go well with the foie gras sauce and the citrus taste of the dish.  However, when our server found out that we were not fond of our appetizer dish, he took the initiative to recommend that we send the dish back and have the kitchen remake the foie gras dish the way we like it. Our server was so courteous and genuine, we felt comfortable expressing our concern and dislike re the dish. The kitchen remade the dish in the way I liked it which was the traditional way of just plainly light grill of the foie gras and serve it with olive oil and the side vinegratte sauce. . . When they brought out the foie gras dish the second time, the foie gras was tender, tasted like butter which melted in my mouth and the brioche breads complemented the tender foie gras to a T.  Btw, the foie gras piece was huge. It was definitely worth the $25 high sticker price for an appetizer. :). . I must say that the service here is superb!!! They really take serving you seriously. They strive to take very good care of their customers. If you don't like a dish that you order, they will do everything they can to do it right!!!   Their high quality service boosted this review of their restaurant to a solid 5 star rating.. . The bone-in ribeye was very well cooked. It was a perfect medium just as we ordered.  The meat itself had a herbal rub taste to it which I was not too fond of.  However, after I added a little bit of the leftover vinegratte sauce from the foie gras to it from time to time, the citrus/acidity of the vinegratte really brought the natural flavor of the meat out. It was not the best piece of steak in terms of flavor that I've ever had, but it was definitely a high quality steak. . . The mixed green dinner salad was pretty good. Very fresh but I like the lunch salad better. . . Overall, I would say that I really enjoyed my visits at this restaurant. I would definitely keep coming back here for their lunch salmon and salad. I may visit it sometime again for dinner to try their other steaks dishes to see if I'd find another steak dish that I'd like here better. . . It's a solid 5 star restaurant re quality of their food and their superb customer service which were very appreciated!. . Give them a try!
Best steakhouse in Vegas! Be sure to ask for Lamont as your waiter for an extra special experience. We had the ribeye, filet, and New York . All amazing!
I am in love. In love with the ceasar salad prepared at our table by our very likable  waiter, in love with the steak medallions topped with lobster and drizzled with a wonderful bearnaise sauce... in fact I would be hard pressed to find anything to criticize about the experience we had here last week. Finally, the banana cream pie was nothing short of the totally perfect end to our evening. Fine wine, fine company, fine service and more than fine food. Dare I say it one more time??? In LOVE haha
Great meal!  Went for lunch and had the truffle potato chips, Caesar salad, lobster sliders, filet medallions and prime burger.  Topped it off with the pecan pie (spectacular) and peppermint chocolate layer cake.  Service was outstanding as well - what a great group from start to finish.  And thanks so much for the surprise pop-overs in our to-go bag!
