My absolute favorite restaurant. I take any relatives or friends that visit me in AZ to The Mission and they are always wowed. . . Both the red and white sangria are awesome!!!. . The table side guacamole is amazing...along with the braised short ribs and tostados. Yum!. . Service is always excellent and I've never been disappointed!
This little spot in the art district of Scottsdale is as good a lunch restaurant as I've been to.  I had the mahi mahi tacos, and was blown away by the attention to detail in the flavors bringing the dish together, as well as the wonderfully tasteful presentation.  . . Of particular note was the attractiveness level of the waitresses, about which I don't have sufficient words to do justice.  Both my father and I were hard pressed not to buy a condo in Scottsdale just to stay and have all our meals for the rest of our life there solely to appreciate the view.  They were dressed tastefully, not in the slightest bit 'slutty', but holy god.
My husband and I had a great time here on New Year's Eve eve. It was packed, so we ate at the bar, and were lucky enough to have Mike (bar manager, I think) making us gorgeous cocktails the entire time...lotsa them. I'm pretty sure my slightly drunk self declared each and every one 'the best drink ever!'...I might have also clapped a couple of times. The new drink menu deserved it, though.  SOO GOOD. We split the mahi mahi tacos (delicous) and ate every single crumb/drop of the perfect chips and salsa. We will definitely, definitely be back the next time we are in Scottsdale. I wanted everything on the menu. Everything.
Ask for Adam's special guacamole and make sure you tip him.  Hot and tasty. It will make your night like it made ours. . . One of the ladies said he was a cutie. . . As for the food... The guacamole is a must. House Margarita is spot on. . . Lamb ribs and pork shoulder tacos are heaven.
Great ambiance as well as quality of food.  Everyone I have eaten with here has been thoroughly impressed.  . . Be sure to do table side guacamole and do not hold back on the spicy.  Pork belly is also amazing.
One of my favorite restaurants! Great food, service and ambiance. I recommend to everyone:) Must havs: tableside guacamole, mahi tacos, and pork shoulder. I have had almost everything on the menu and you really can't go wrong. Smaller portions but delicious.. . If you decide to go for dinner it's best to make a reservation because at times the wait can be long.
I never knew that there could be fancy Mexican food that I loved as much as my local taco truck. I was wrong. Dead wrong. Be sure to order the pork shoulder tacos and a bottle of the Inedit beer straight outta Barcelona!
This is some of the best Latin food I've ever had. The table-side guacamole was out of this world and my friends and I actually ordered two rounds of it - best $24 worth of guacamole ;-). . The roast corn gordita was really tasty - very different from anything I've tried before.  The white bean puree was also exceptional!. . For dinner, I recommend any of the tacos - chicken, mahi mahi, steak, or pork.. . Another Scottsdale gem and I look forward to going back!
A great place to have a couple cocktails, eat, or just hang out!. . The food is great and worth the price. While it's not too expensive, you do pay more than a dollar per taco like at Taco Bell. The tordas are exquisite and quite large. I savored every bit of it as I sipped my mango cocktail. Very Nice!
The Mission serves "modern Latin cuisine in a sophisticated yet casual setting" according to their website. Actually, I'd say the Mission serves the best meal in the greater Phoenix area with a simple and romantic flair. So much for adjectives, as there may not be enough to accurately describe this dining experience.. . First off, The Mission makes me want to "re-calibrate" my other Yelp reviews as this is truly a real 5 star place. . . We are staying in a wonderful 5 star resort where the concierge suggested this dining spot, but also let us know (under full disclosure) that she is employed by The Mission as a bartender. She gave us 2 tips: "You must try the Duck Empandas and the Peruvian Stew". Peruvian stew is actually called "Almejas Al Vapor" and consists of peruvian clam stew + rock shrimp + chorizo + pan de yucca + aji amarillo + roast corn, and is a bit spicy. I thought this was an odd choice as it's 80 degrees outside dining on their lovely patio, but we tried both. . . The Almejas Al Vapor is an incredible dish. Each bite reveals a new twist and many new flavors. Unbelievable call, and no, it doesn't make you seem warmer than normal. The Duck Carnitas Empanadas are excellent and are a bit cheesy. If you like white sauces and cheese, you'll love this dish. The dish consists of duck + foie gras + orange + habanero + oregano + mushroom + queso oaxaca baked in a homemade empanada shell. Honestly, I was trying to pace myself, so I only ate a few bites of an excellent small plate... . Our excellent server had her favorite appetizer and insisted we try the "lettuce wraps", aka Crispy Cola Pork consisting of pork belly + cola + lime + chiltepin + peanut + pickled red onion wrapped in gem lettuce.. This dish is excellent and the lettuce cleverly is placed on the peanut sauce such that you only get every flavor if you eat by hand v with a fork. You'll have to try it to understand what I'm saying.. . After appetizers, I was forced to "downsize" the entree and we split the Steak Tacos. The story we'd heard about this place was the Chef who is famous for French Cuisine and created Zinc Bistro always wants a "Taco stand". This is far beyond a Taco stand, but you get the French influence and clever presentation, with Latin cuisine and perfect use of spices and sauces making the Mission unique. . . Dessert time which means it's time to split the Fired Bananas. Generally, I skip dessert, but Fried Bananas is one of my favorite foods, and these are the best I have ever had. . . First, the presentation: The fried banana are actually placed in a cinamon tortilla shell. There's house-made peanut butter and Cinamon Gellato on the plate. This is all rounded off with a simple, elegant cinamon/sugar mixture (heated as a light sauce) with a few peanuts as garnish. Here's the menu's description: Fried Bananas butter + nutmeg + peanuts and dulche de leche.. . We sat on the patio as our bartender suggested this was a quiet romantic spot...excellent call. There are two other dining areas, a front patio and the inside which has a large bar. Inside seemed loud and would be a good happy hour spot. The back patio was wonderful for romantic outdoor ambiance. . . Last, and not at all least, our service was wonderful. The server on the back patio knew all of the dishes, made great wine recommendations and was just a wonderful, upbeat person who knew food. . . This place required a 2-day advance reservation during Baseball Spring training, but is well worth the planning process. I look forward to the next visit!
OMG.  So incredibly good and very consistent.  This place is hands down my absolute favorite place in Scottsdale.  Great atmosphere, great drinks, great food, great servers, great owners, what more can you ask for??  I visited the Mission the first time for Valentine's Day dinner when my boyfriend took me based on Yelp reviews.  We weren't sure what exactly we were getting ourselves into, but we took advice from many reviewers for the pork shoulder tacos.  We ended up getting the chips and salsa, a cheese plate, the pork shoulder tacos, a side of chipotle grits and ended with the pumpkin bread pudding.  Needless to say we were stuffed, but extremely happy.  We went back last night to take some friends who recently moved to the area, and they left just as happy as we did the first time.  My boyfriend and I wanted to branch out and get something new, but we had the best meal the first time that we did a repeat for round 2, although we got the churros instead of the bread pudding which were delish.  Sometimes you remember something tasting perfectly, and then you get it again and it doesn't quite live up to your mind's expectations.  Well, the Mission know's what's up.  It was just as good, if not better, than last time.  There is a reason this place has so many reviews, it practically speaks for itself.  I would highly recommend the pork shoulder tacos, the chipotle grits (so money) and some type of dessert.  They have a great bartender too - I had the strawberry coconut mojito, and it was tasty.  Their margs are pretty good too.  I can't wait to go back and maybe, just maybe, try something else!
Believe every good review you see on here, and get your tail down to the Mission!. . Try the pig roast on a Sunday...... . Have a romantic dinner with your special someone..... . A nice family get together....OR..... . Have a kick ass wedding on their patio out back!. . We had the best time with family and friends at the Mission on St. Patrick's Day, March 17th 2011.  We invited just over 50 people, and the patio was the perfect size, and that included having one the best chefs in PHX manning the grill, and putting out creative freshness on every plate.. . The staff was nothing short of awesome, serving with a smile the entire night, and they seemed to be having just as much fun as we did.. . We had a very special 3 days, and The Mission was right up there at the top bracket...just behind the ceremony next door.. . Now stop reading these things and make a rezzie!
Very good food and drinks...Guac, Street Corn, Carne tacos, & Margaritas. So good, that I went back for lunch the next Saturday and ordered a marg and guac again,, and I was disappointed.  Obviously, the lunch chef and bartender are different than the prior Saturday night, and consistency is a problem for this restaurant.
I love, love, love this place!!. We happened upon it right after it's opening & have been regulars ever since.. Everything about it makes me happy.  The cuisine is modern Latin fusion and it's sooo tasty and unique.  I try to order something different every visit and have yet to be disappointed.  The tequila selection and cocktails are one of a kind.  I highly recommend giving the blended ones a taste, even if they're described as spicy!. Prices are absolutely reasonable for what you get and the owners are just about always on the floor.. Go for drinks, small plates, brunch, lunch or dinner and you'll be satisfied.  The ambiance also lends itself to being a sexy, but cool date spot.  We've also brought some important clients for dinners there.. Very cool.
We went with another couple to The Mission and celebrated our anniversary. It was dark inside but wasn't stuffy or creepy. Our waiter was relaxed and helpful. He suggested the avocado margarita. Give it a shot--you just may want a refill (I did!).. . We started with the delicious guac and shared a few small plates (our waiter was spot-on with his recommendations re: quantity). By far the best part of the night was the pork shoulder tacos. They were make your own with falling off the bone meat. We finished with pumpkin bread pudding.. . Never rushed or harried, we had a great time and recommend going with a few people you can sample the dishes with. Make a reservation if you go during peak weekend hours.
This place was AMAZING.  As if the food wasn't fantastic enough, the service was even BETTER!!  Jonathan and Molly waited on us and we were blown away.  Made great recomendations, cocktails were so unique and delicious and the food was fabulous.  I would highly recommend!!!
Picked this place because it was so close to the SMOCA. It's just a couple of blocks away. After we got our art on we had a lovely lovely brunch. We were seated right away. The dark woods and gold touches make the place cozy. I had the Crab and Corn pancakes. Delicious. Generous portions. Despite the deliciousness, I couldn't finish it. The manfriend had the Mission Huevo Ranchero. I had a bite of that, too. So. Good.
Best Ever!! Are you kidding me? If you don't like this place stick to Taco Bell! Pork shoulder, short ribs, any of the tacos, and of course the guac, all will keep you coming back.
Very friendly staff, tacos are amazing, Guac and salsa were fantastic.
This place is awesome, some of the best southwestern food in the Valley, some of there meats are awesome.  I can almost live on the enture app menu without even hitting the dinner menu.  The margs are also fantastic.
After reading several outstanding reviews about this place I decided to offer it as a suggestion to spend an office get-together for a combination birthday/administrative professional's day.  I am so very glad that I did.  I am already a huge fan of Mexican food and the place just blew me away.. From the moment you enter, the atmosphere is incredible.  The walls surrounding the kitchen are made of this special salt stone that seem to be back-lit and the other decor was impressive.  The menus have real leather covers and the food sounded delicious.. We ordered the corn and guacamole as our appetizers and when combined with the chips and salsa, was pure heaven.  Each had a bit of spice to it, but I was not at all uncomfortable.. Each of us tried the tacos and none of us were disappointed.  The shrimp tacos were absolutely divine.. For desert we tried the fried bananas and the pumpkin bread pudding and some French Press coffee with cream.  I have not had such a fully satisfying experience in a long time.  If you are looking for a wonderful and delicious experience I would definitely recommend this place.
Wow!  I don't write enough about the great places at which my wife and I eat, but this one CANNOT be dropped!  We're in town with friends for a little R&R when a chef at another restuarant, also excellent, suggested this place among 10 or so others.  This food is AWESOME!  We started with margaritas: she had the pear basil, I the Aguacate.  I thought hers was sweet but tasty; mine was out-of-the-ballpark fantastic.  So good, in fact, that my wife got a second margarita, an Aguacate.  It's loaded with avacado -- yes, avocado!  Weird, but really good!  You MUST try this one.  Then we went on to a grilled street corn appetizer.   Fantastic!  We had it off the cob (easier to share).  It had a sort of chipotle aioli, which I guess was the chile paprika, with butter, cilantro, and cotija.  Then came my brisket torta:  smoked brisket, habanero, barbeque, aji amarillo, coleslaw, yucca bread.  I love this place!  My wife had the butternut squash tacos -- and I really didn't think any non-vegetarian could get this excited about a vegetarian dish!  Superb!  We tried the sweet honey chipotle grits as a side, which I thought were too sweet, but interesting, and we tried the Mission fries, a mix of sweet and regular fries with seasoning, lime, and chipotle ketchup or aji amarillo.   The damages with all of the above (total 4 margaritas) came to $86.00, sans tip.  The service was wonderful -- thanks Simona!  Lots of other cool selections.  Had I room for more I would be telling you about dessert.  Until next time (tomorrow?), I continue to be your. . Incognito Connossieur
OK, seriously some very good food going on here.  We had a table of five for a corporate dinner and asked our waiter to just "send out what he thought would be best for a small group, family style" and it was spot on. Two rounds of tapas and two larger entrees, with pre chips and salsa and tableside guac.....and ending with the most amazing dessert I've ever had, Pumpkin Bread Pudding. I'll def go back
I am allergic to cumin, so I had to avoid a few dishes, but the food was as flavorful and interesting to taste as the menu made it sound.. Terrific staff, young professional and lively crowd made this an outstanding experience for a foodie traveler.
It's been over a year and I still think about this place.. . We walked in here without a reservation for dinner on a trip to Scottsdale, and were promptly seated outside under a heat lamp. Between the tableside guacamole and stiff margaritas, I was already a happy girl. But then our pork shoulder tacos for two arrived. This was an amazing quivering lump of perfectlycooked pork accompanied by a stack of fresh corn tortillas and fixings. The pork was so tender it could be flaked with a fork. We ate every bite. The side of black beans ranked among the best black beans I've ever eaten.. . We liked the Mission so much, we returned for brunch the next morning. I had a bloody Mary, the steak tacos, and of course, a side of black beans. All excellent again, although the steak tacos weren't as memorable as that pork shoulder.. . We ate outside both meals to take advantage of the beautiful weather, but inside seemed to have a very cool, trendy vibe. This seemed like a fun place to have cocktail hour with a group.. . My only regret is that our trip wasn't long enough for a third visit.
YUM.. . When I think about the Mission, a smile spreads across my face.  The place is great from top-to-bottom.. . Stunning menu with high-end meals, to upscale street food.  The Corn on a stick is spicy, sweet and absolutely amazing.. . Great for groups, wonderful patio, amazing brunch.  I have never had a bad experience here.  Waitstaff is extremely friendly and attentive.. . Portion size is also very good and the drinks are a great topper with their extensive tequila list.. . Overall great date spot, team event of just a lazy Saturday lunch.
GREAT! a little crowded but that happens when you have amazing food and great service. The corn on the cob with chipotle crema is soooo good. The chimichurri steak was delicous as was the guacamole. Our server was super sweet and very patient with our sarcastic, fun-loving table. Cannot wait to go back. Creative and somewhat fancy Mexican. Five Stars!
Whoa. Oh, and wow. So, I was debating giving this place four stars because yes it is dark in there and yes the tables are a bit cramped and it did get loud.... but..... I just can't. The food was so good that it completely made up for those things. . . The BF and I went here for my (very very belated) birthday dinner (we had made res's somewhere else on my b day that fell through *cough* monarch *cough* and had to make new plans). So I decided to try something a bit different andgo to the Mission. I am very glad I did. The BF and I made open table reservations and were seated promptly when we got there. Our waiter was this funny guy named Derek, who, at first I thought I wasn't going to like that much (I have an aversion to trendy scottsdale people) but turned out to be wonderful and make great suggestions all night! So thanks Derek!. . The BF and I decided to order a few different small plates to get a feel for the restaurant. We ordered the cola crispy pork belly, the table side guac, the steak tacos, and a side of chipotle honey grits. I also got a Mission margarita. So my margarita comes out and it is really great! I have only had one other margarita that I liked equally. It was extremely fresh and it wasn't made out of that disgusting green sweet stuff that normally makes up margs. I would definitely recommend it (with salt). . . We then get the chips and salsa. The salsa is really smokey and reminds me of the salsa at Abuelos, if you've ever tried that. I liked it a lot. So the man who makes the Guac came over and asked how spicy we wanted it, and we told him hot. He then proceeded to mix the guac using all fresh ingredients. It was so good! and so fresh! I liked how I could taste each flavor that went in, from the cilantro to the delicious tomato and jalapeno.... it was all good.... also, it had pinons on it, which gave it a cool texture. I have only had one better guac, and that is at Barrio cafe.... . . We get the rest of the food, and the portions look tiny, but in reality, they are huge because I just ate half an avocado and a bagillion or so chips. The cola pork belly was Ah. Maze. Ing. I have never had anything like it. It's a crispy sweet and spicy pork with peanut sauce in a lettuce cup. It's like thai mexican fusion. It was the best of the meal. The steak tacos were also wonderful. The BF said it was like eating a new york strip in a taco. It was a little sweet and a little savory... all good. The grits were the only part that were just ok. I liked them, they were creamy and different, but I wouldn't get them again. . . So we had to get dessert, as it was my 'birthday' and Derek recommended the pumpkin bread pudding. Holy crap Derek, you are the man! This thing was one of the most delicious desserts I have had, and definitely the best bread pudding. It's pumpkin bread with a little bit of creme brulee, in a sea of wonderful butterscotch sauce (made from real scotch...mind=blown) with the perfect amount of ice cream and little crunchy seeds for texture. Whoa. Just whoa. . . All this, and the bill was like 65$... that's wonderful! We could come and not get drinks and not get grits and it would be an affordable dinner, which is the best part, because I want to go back.... like right now.
Absolutely love this place. I truly wish there was one of these back home in Southern California. Upscale Latin Cuisine served from an innovative menu paired with wonderfully tasting stiff cocktails. Need I say more. From the moment you walk into this place, you feel like you are right where you belong if you want to be part of the "scene." The table side guacamole that is completely customizable is not to be missed along with the house pork shoulder tacos ("for two") . . With four of us dining here, we were able to try a great selection of items from the menu. We thoroughly enjoyed all the dishes we tried from the Fried Pork Belly in Mexican Cola reduction Lettuce Wraps, to the Pork Shoulder tacos to the Chorizo Porchetta. I was ready to go back again if it weren't so hard to get a reservation. . . They had a pumpkin bread pudding dessert that was simply superb and their fried bananas was a close second. Don't forget to wash down your meal with a refreshingly stiff Cadillac Margarita. You won't be disappointed here.. . Check out some of the pictures of the dishes in full resolution at kitchenrunway(dot)com. I will be sure that this place is on the agenda with each and every vacay out to Scottsdale/Phoenix.
A really fantastic restaurant experience!. . Great food, great service, great ambiance. . hands down the BEST hand made guacamole on the planet. . Modern Mexican food with flair and thought.. . make no mistake this place is NOT one of the too many tourist trap places in Old Town
Omg swoon!!!! Best food I've had since moving here from San Francisco actually made me feel like I was back in my familiar foodie scene in s.f now where are the shots of jager... Oh shit right I don't work here just eating here. . Ok so here I go I had the diver scallops.... Amazeballs!!!! They were grilled to perfection not at all over cooked which happens all too often with scallops! Had grille octopus on top and serano ham slices that I think were flashed fried... On top of a delicious sauce. Seriously I would injure someone for another serving. Also a great selection of wine which I'm always a fan of.. We all shared the espresso churros came with a milkshake that used all my will power not to try (lactose intolerant and all) boo for that btw. Anyways I'm not a dessert person but damn those were tasty deliciousness! Coffee press with dessert too coffee was amazing I'm still on a coffee high. So this is why my friends won't let me drink coffee after 3... It's  all coming full circle now. :) . Totally try this place out! Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm yummy in my tummy!
We have been meaning to try The Mission for awhile, and we were extremely impressed. We are self-professed foodies, good cooks, etc.. Let's start with the fact that they seated us promptly at our reservation time, and that reservation had only been made that day.....surprising, because the place was packed!! Alfonso was our waiter, and he was awesome and didn't hesitate to make suggestions that we were happy to add to our dinner. First, the margaritas. ....this place knows how to pour, and they are fresh  - the only way we will drink them. Next - there are only 3 places in Phoenix that can make good table-side guacamole, and this is the best of them. Alfonso suggested a fried pork belly/cola reduction appetizer that I had to be talked into. OMG....heaven, and such a complex blend of flavors that the sweet, crunchiness of the pork belly can only be described as "worth it" if you are balking at the issue of pork belly.. Entree: we chose the Chorizo Porchetta and the Scallops. Both were excellent and may I say that the timing of each course was unbelievably prompt. We never waited and yet didn't feel rushed.. Dessert: I confess that I read the dessert menu first before making dinner decisions, and while other reviews loved the selections ...I wasn't blown away. The churros were small and dough-y, and the milkshake was just to heavy/sweet after a meal.....better to fill the churros with a cheese and serve them warm on dulce de leche ice cream. Fried bananas didn't excite me either. Bananas are bananas..... The pumpkin bread pudding seemed heavy and Autumn-like for a 110 degree day in Arizona and did not compliment the Latin flavors of the dinner. I feel their dessert menu needs to be expanded in a way that compliments their cuisine....some citrus sorbet, chocolate-with-red-chile cake, lime cheesecake. At any rate, I still give them the full Monty on stars!!!. Most recent visit: the food was just as great, but we weren't as blown away by the ambiance. We were seated at a table for two on the back wall. My elbow literally kept bumping the gentleman to my left and the conversation to the right of us (a party of four) was literally so close that it inhibited us from having much conversation of our own. Also, the restaurant is SOOO dark you would think they would notice when FOUR neighboring tables are all using their cell phones/flashlight apps to read the menu.
Want experience the perfect evening with friends in old Scottsdale - go here and nowhere else!!  This place has it together on every category. Service, ambiance, drinks, presentation, deserts, etc. Everything we ordered was very creative, fun and fresh. Not a cheap date but treat yourself to this one.
this place is fantastic. fresh ingredients, authentic with a twist.. can't go wrong with this line-up:. . Guacamole: chunky haas avocado + jalapeno + cilantro + sea salt + lime. . Mahi Mahi Tacos: battered mahi mahi + citrus escabeche + olive crema. . Green Chile Duck Confit: cheesy fried hominy + smoked mushrooms + sultana serrano peanut mole. . enjoy!
I absolutely loved this place. Terrific food, service. Outside seating, wow. Really fantastic, fresh, fun.
I swoon over this place every time!  Let me say this: If you're in downtown Scottsdale as a local or out of towner (like me) it's a must dine.. . Decor:  Outside really does look like a pre-historic mission, but the inside looks like it's been gutted out to be placed with modern decor while still holding onto a "missionary" style.  . . Food:  I absolutely love the guacamole and I'm not even a guacamole fan.  It has a nice balance of spice and limeness which compliments the fatty goodness of guacamole.  I opted for the shrimp chipotle skewers and they were delish!  Plump, spicy, and dipping sauce was awesomeness!  They have dipping sauce that leaves your mouth with a mini burn sensation which I strangely enjoy.. . When I'm in town, I make it a point to have @ least one team dinner @ Mission Inn weekly.   All I can say is my taste buds dances with joy at Mission Inn.
This place is amazing. Great place to bring a group of friends. . . Food: Is exceptional. The portions are very small and it is a little pricy but from a Scottsdale Restaurant I expect no less. I had the Mai Mai Tacos and they were just so full of flavor. Beer battered fish with an array of spices cooked to perfection. Their guacamole is superb. Absolutely to die for. And coming from Southern California that says a lot. The pumpkin bread pudding was exquisite. It had a cinnamon butter type of sauce and it made my taste buds fall in love. . . Service: Our Servers were great! Wonderful happy peopled that really seemed to enjoy there job. Bartenders as well were super nice. Everyone was very hospitable and made our group feel very welcomed. . . Atmosphere: This restaurant is gorgeous! Old mission style on the outside, modern, fancy art decor inside with subtle mission feel inside as well. The patio outside was beautiful! We had a fan that kept all of us cool and was not too loud. . . Everyone in our group of six had a blast and I will recommend this place to everyone who visits Scottsdale.
The Mission is one of my favorite restaurants!  I LOVE the food!!!!. . I have been here several times and have never had a bad experience. I have had almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed.  How does one go wrong with the atmosphere/decor, friendly staff and last but not least the best food. . . Must haves: Prima rita, table side guacamole, steak tacos (my fav!!!), bread pudding:) . . If you are looking for a great atmosphere, fun night, date night , or just a place with flavor...look no further!! I recommend this place!!! If only there were more places like this..... . Love for the mission!!!
The mission is my absolute new favorite restaurant!  The food and service is awesome!!  It is also has an incredibly beautiful atmosphere.  You walk in to find a glowing wall of salt rock, which puts a soft glow into the entire restaurant, very romantic.. . We made a reservation, which I would strongly suggest.  We got to sit down very quickly.  I think it is great that they take reservations for a party of any size!  Not really all that common these days.. . We started with the quacamole and it was excellent!  I also had the primarita, which was made with fresh squeezed limes and agave necter.  Delicious and low cal :). . We, also had the cripsy pork, and halibut as suggested by our server.   Everything was amazing!. . Overall, our experience was great!  Friendly and attentive staff, beautiful atmosphere and delicious food!  Can't wait to go back!
The 5 stars here are basically just for the bartender, Mike.  He's a magician.  He made some phenomenal drinks that we'd never tasted before.  He also threw in a few samples when we weren't sure what we wanted.  The food was great as well. The chicken tacos were excellent as well as the grilled corn.  This place is a no brainer. You have to go here.  The cougars were out in full force, but it's definitely a place for the late 20's crowd as well.
Mission: Delicious Latin tapas and beautiful french Decor make this place lavish and fun...I love sitting at the bar and having fun with friends or sitting in dining area for a romantic date.Every plate might be small in quanity but packs the most flavorful indulgence with quality :0). One of my top 3 places in all Scottsdale!
Good place to take a girlfriend or spouse.  It is a little pricey for the amount of food you get, but the quality is high.  I had the chorizo porchetta which was amazing.  The scallops are bomb as well.  Make sure you get the guacamole.  They make it right at your table and how you want it.  I felt bad i didnt have cash on me to tip the guy so if you plan to order that it probably would be a good idea to throw a couple bills his way.  we tried the churros, they were ok but i think we should of gone with the fried bananas instead.  The service was great, very attentive and informative.
So, we didn't have a good experience the first time we tried to go, but we really wanted to give this place a second shot.  We made reservations about 2 weeks in advance to make sure that we were all set.. . At first I was a little put off because when the hostess called to confirm the reservation she said that "typically, parties of 4 take about an hour and a half to eat. Will that be enough time for you?"  I was stunned because nobody has ever asked how long my dinner is going to take, especially when we make a reservation.. . So, we showed up last night with a little bit of a chip on our shoulder about what the dining experience would be like.. . It turns out that the entire evening was fantastic.  Our server, Rachel, was spectacular.  She took the time to go over the entire menu since we had never been there before.  She answered all of our questions about the dishes and made some wonderful suggestions.  Everything that we ordered was top notch!. . The guacamole was probably some of the best that we have ever had.  The tostada was fantastic along with the crispy pork served in the lettuce (will definitely get that again).  The steak tacos were delicious as well.. . Definitely get the street corn, it is out of this world!. . We will definitely go back to try some of the other dishes (and we will definitely make a reservation in advance).. . By the way, we were at our table for about 2 hours and not once did anyone come by and try to pressure us to leave.
Ideally, I'd like to give this restaurant 4.5 stars, but I went ahead and gave it 5 because I still have faith in the place!  Let me explain... . . I went to the Mission for the first time back at the beginning of July on a Sunday evening.  Upon entering, I was immediately enthralled with ambience of the place.  I loved the gothic yet romantic mood that was set by the decor and lighting.  The place was so packed on a Sunday night, that my boyfriend and I had to squeeze into a corner spot at the bar, not ideal seating, but that minor detail soon lost any importance once the friendly bartender began providing us with tasty and refreshing margaritas and extensive knowledge of the menu.  . . We began our meal with the guacamole.  I like to think of myself as a guacamole snob, (I modestly claim to make some of the best guacamole around...) and the guacamole here is superb.  Not bland at all, full of flavor, and I love the additions of pepitas and cotija cheese sprinkled on top.  The salsa, how i typically judge a Mexican restaurant worth its salt, was super smoky and delicious, not at all watery.  Now, for the main event, the Duck Carnitas Empanadas.  My boyfriend and I both agreed that we had never in our lives tasted something so completely and originally delicious.  They were a revelation. . . Now, I suppose any restaurant would have a hard time living up to the hype and standards of such an outstanding first experience for two diners. With that being said, after having raved on and on about The Mission to fellow foodies and friends, my boyfriend and I took my bestie out to dinner so she could experience the food for herself.  The salsa paled in comparison to the batch we had devoured the first time.  The smoky flavor that we loved so much was simply no where to be found.  We ordered the duck empanadas with anticipation, knowing that there was no way these could disappoint.  Unfortunately, we were wrong.  They didn't excite me or my boyfriend the way they had the first time. We were both so giddy about savoring these genius pockets of poultry, but left feeling sorely disappointed. . . So my point is this: the food is still delicious and inventive enough to give The Mission a try, but in my experience, it's just somewhat inconsistent.  Perhaps the chef who works on Sunday nights cooks with a little more love and patience.  My first time dining at The Mission was so memorable that I will definitely return in the future, I'll just make sure it's on a Sunday evening.
My 3 year old (going on 10) daughter accompanied myself and a friend from out of town last Thursday ( around 7:30 pm).  There was a 45 minute wait for seating inside: we opted for the patio.  The ambiance is great in and out! I loved it!  The staff (hostess, server, busers & manager) were all VERY attentive! Service is outstanding! . . I want to emphasize how AMAZING our server was!   She was so attentive to my daughter's needs: which, was a wonderful surprise seeing as it's not really a child friendly restaurant (would have never known by the star treatment our server gave her)! My daughter had a good time and enjoyed her specially made dinner at the request of our server! . . Last,but not least, the food was delicious!  :)
I can't say enough about The Mission! The table side guacamole was amazingly flavorful... Chunky, spicy, great flavor. I had the pork shoulder tacos and my husband had the skirt steak tacos. Both had really great flavor and texture. We also had the street corn... The best corn, I've ever had! The buttery cotija cheese sauce drizzled over the corn was spicy and really added a unique flavor that was delicious. The service was prompt and friendly, too. We sat at the bar and had a great time. We will definitely go back! Give it a try... It's worth it!
Awesome food, great ambiance, friendly service.  All in all the perfect dining experience.  . . Try the Peruvian Stew and the steak Tacos.  They are perfect.  The best food in AZ.
WOW!! The Mission is incredible. One of the top 5 restaurants in all of Phoenix if you ask me. They hit on all cylinders, the food is awesome (try the pork shoulder) the ambiance is beautiful and inviting, the staff is knowledgable and attractive and the bar has great cocktails. Wine list could be a little more diverse but all in all one of the best places i've dined in Arizona. If you haven't been here you must go. Great place to have a nice dinner or take a date.
On a tip from our concierge when asking "Where can I get the best guacamole", the only response we received was "The Mission". Located in Scottsdale, this restaurant is dark, sexy and delicious. Inside, the decor is ambient and moody. Outside on the patio, its dimly lit and warm with the fireplace going. The table side guacamole is amazing and quite possibly that best Ive had. The food is creative and delicious. Try the butternut squash tacos and honey chipotle grits! The service is professional and overall, this place is perfect for people watching as well. I highly recommend The Mission, you wont regret it!
Sooo good! Cool place. Guacamole is expensive and not the best. They do make it in front of you which is neat.
For our anniversary my wife and I decided to try The Mission to see it would live up to the hype. First impression when walking through the door is that it was a bit loud. But it being a Friday night we were necessarily surprised. Had made reservations and were nearly immediately seated with wait staff being very attentive even with all the chaos around. The decor is quite stunning. While humble from the outside, the inside is modern and classy. They also have an outdoor area with heat lamps and blanketsfor those who do not mind the frigid Scottsdale weather. . . We noticed some of the tables around us just ordering drinks and a few appetizers as their entrees, kind of tapas-like, rather than ordering from the A La Plancha (grilled on metal plate) versus the A La Parilla (from the bbq or hot coal) part of the menu. It seemed almost obligatory that most diners ordered the table-side made guacamole. And it appears that to get chips and salsa you have to order the guacamole. My wife and I really did not come to The Mission to eat chips and guacamole so we decided to pass. Also it seemed a bit steep in price at $12, though diners around us seemed to be enjoying it. . . In regards to the food and drinks menu, items are a bit pricey, but in retrospect on our meal I feel it was rather reasonable. The drink prices probably could use a small bump down, but being in Downtown Scottsdale I feel overpriced drinks are the norm (unfortunately). My wife and I ordered a couple Margaritas. I had the classic Mission and she had the Blood Orange. We followed up by ordering the Mini Chicken Tostadas and the Pork Belly Pibil as our appetizer. The Tostadas were a bit small but packed with flavor. The Pork Belly Pibil, however, stole my heart. A fairly sizeable chunk of pork belly slow roasted and served with pickled onions atop and a avocado cream and banana habenero aioli. The cream and aioli complimented the fatty pork belly, which I could literally eat as my meal alone. Probably one of the best Pork Belly dishes I have had. If you like fatty pork, you must order this. . . We continued our unhealthy eating habits by ordering the Chorizo Porchetta and the Creekstone Filet. Filet was cooked well at medium-rare with proper seasoning and nice accompanying sauce on the plate. The Chorizo Porchetta nearly sent me into palpitations. They took pork and stuffed chorizo in it. It sounds grotesque, but it tasted incredible, albeit a little overwhelming as we had just had pork belly and steak. . . Throwing caution to the wind, we finished with the Espresso Churros, which is served with a milkshake. It was a perfect dessert to share between us. We managed to finish everything but we both found ourselves completely full afterwards. . . The waitstaff was attentive, providing us with complimentary tastes of frozen watermelon margaritas between our appetizer and main course. We never had to find them or ask for more water which was again was a pleasant surprise given how busy it actually was. After all the food and drinks we ended up with a bill about $110 between the two of us, which I think is pretty reasonable for the food, drink and dining experience. I think you could possibly get away with the bill being considerably less, as we did order a bit too much food. Also the drinks we ordered were alone around $30. (Side note: they also have pork shoulder tacos, which is actually for two. Its about $32 total and according to the waiter you get a large slow roasted pork shoulder, and unlimited tortillas and sides to make tacos. It reminded me of the family style pork dish at Momofuku in NYC. Definitely will be trying this in the future.) Hands down my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale thus far.
Super cute neighborhood, AWESOME atmosphere and decor with good looking people all in a great mood having fun.  Excellent service, beautiful presentation and a menu you just can't decide on because there are so many great choices.  Fun with a group, especially at the community table.  Fun upbeat bar.  Decor is cozy and dim but festive at the same time.  And on top of all this the good is EXCELLENT.  Highlights we're street corn with a special sauce that is reminiscent of thousand island but sweeter and zestier, yucca fries w tangy BBQ sauce, Caesar salad with a tex-mex twist, saucy short ribs, and pumpkin bread pudding to die for!
I went to The Mission on Thursday 12/15 and it was an incredible experience. We went in with a large party (10 ppl) and our server was awesome. My family can be a handful and we wanted for very little during our meal.  The guacamole is awesome and made right at the table; although, we asked for hot and we felt it could have used a little more heat.  . . While we had several different dishes, I would highly, highly, highly recommend the duck.  Another table favorite was the pork tacos with the pineapple glaze.  My aunt is quite sensitive to spice and so we asked for ALL of the glaze on the side and it was perfect and very mild.. . For dessert, we had a pumpkin bread pudding and while bread pudding is not my favorite (at all) - this one was exceptional.. . I will definitely be back! Yum!
I'm stingy with my 5 star reviews, but this place deserves it. I'll admit, I was hesitant to go when my brother suggested it. I assumed it would be trendy, touristy and kinda show-offy which are 3 things I am not, but it wasn't like that at all. . . We met here for dinner New Year's Day and this place was packed. We had a reservation for indoor, but decided to change it to outdoor. There was a 10 minute wait for a seat so the hostess gave us complimentary mini margaritas. There is outdoor seating in the front of the restaurant which is kinda small and intrusive so I was delighted when we were led to the back outdoor area. It was spacious and nicely decorated. There were several large heaters throughout the patio which kept us comfortable. . . We started out with chips and the best salsa I've ever had....it was so good we ordered another bowl. We also got mission fries & guac. The guac was very original: avocado, cheese, onion, cilantro, tomato, lime and pumpkin seeds. It was great. I went with the pork belly lettuce wraps, 3 come in a serving. I think I died and went to heaven, I only wish I had 10 more. My husband got the chimichurri hangar steak. He asked for medium, but it was more like rare. I don't eat red meat that often and the fact that it was literally red turned me off. My brother ordered the mahi mahi tacos, 3 come in a serving. The waited suggested he order a 4th taco because they are on the small side. The tacos were fabulous. He aslo got a side of Tennessee, chipotle grits. They were creamy, smoky and yummy.. . This is the first meal since moving to Phoenix that I really enjoyed. I wish I had more of everything. . . A shout out to Sal, our wonderful waiter. We will be back.
The Mission NEVER disappoints!  Still in love after 3+ years.  Each time I am at there I always try something new.  I was fortunate enough to choose the chimichurri steak served over a cheese bread (the server informed me the bread was gluten free, BONUS) and washed it down with a coconut strawberry mojito.  The staff is always so friendly and accommodating, even when it is busy and the restaurant is full.
This place is super, no other way to put it. Anything made with pork on the menu will be one of your favorite pork dishes.  And they have a rum menu, so if you're looking to complete a rum tour around the world, feel free.
This place is so wonderful, I almost don't know where to start!. . The food: Outstanding.  We started with chips & salsa, guacamole, and chicken anticuchos.  The salsa was one of the best we've ever had.  The guac, made fresh tableside, was to die for.  The chips?  Homemade and still warm.  The anticuchos were perfectly seasoned, on a bed of deliciously spicy mole, and just the right portion for a starter.  We were impressed and we hadn't even gotten to the main event!. . I ordered the citrus-cured Chilean salmon.  Incredible.  Also, "huitlacoche & sweet corn puree" does not adequately prepare one for the smoky bites of heaven that are the side dish to the slightly caramelized fish.  My boyfriend ordered the chorizo porchetta, so melt-in-your-mouth tender that you could cut it with a fork.  Everything was beautifully plated, in portion sizes that are appropriate for such rich, flavorful food.. . We left no room for dessert, but we can vouch for the bar:  fantastic cocktails (Bitter Bees was a really good one), and if you're a white wine drinker, either of the albarinos are great, but the Licia was a perfect pair with the rich salmon.. . The atmosphere/service:  The restaurant is gorgeous, elegantly dark with chandeliers and a glowing salt wall.  It is also very warm;  we opted to sit outdoors.  Perfect choice - we dined under the stars, next to a fireplace.  Patio heaters keep the area comfortable.  The outdoor area is mostly lit by candles, so it can be a bit dark;  our waitress gave us a small flashlight, to make menu-reading easier, without us having to ask for such a thing.. . It is loud - though slightly less so outdoors than in - and the service was pretty good for how crowded it was.  We were early for our reservations, and still were seated almost immediately.  (And I was surprised how busy they were, on a Monday night, when all the other restaurants in that area of Scottsdale were dead quiet... I think it speaks to the quality of food here!). . All in all, it was a top-rate dining experience, and a perfect start to our vacation - if we lived in the area, we'd go back again and again.
The Pork shoulder tacos were outstanding, as was the tostada appetizer and the elderflower Paloma.  A very creative and well thought out menu paired with a charming, warm and romantic ambience.  This is certainly my new favorite in Old Town Scottsdale!
Absolutely a must when in Scottsdale,Old town Scottsdale. A unique experience unparalleled by any other. We had the mission margarita, and a sample taste ofthe frozen mint lemonade margarita, fabulous! Hubby had the clam stew, which he said was fabulous. I had the pork shoulder tacos with pineapple ended cilantro, beautiful presentation and pleasing to the palette. Sam, our waiter, was top notch, made great recommendations and offered exceptional service. We went at 4:30 pm and were seated immediately and the afternoon menu still available.  Trusting Sam with the desert selection, it was fabulous!  Pumpkin bread pudding with pomegranate seeds and toasted pumpkin seeds with a rum sauce, Amazing!  This was one of the highlights of our trips
Was in town by myself from NYC for a business trip and came here on the recommendation of the bartender at the W. Sat at the bar and had a phenomenal dinner! Ordered a primarita cocktail, street corn (best I've had) and butternut squash tacos (small, but very filling). Also ordered the Pumpkin Bread Pudding for dessert and almost punched the bartender it was so good! Seriously, out of this world. Great service all around and a fun atmosphere. There's outdoor seating next to a fireplace which looked great as well. Highly recommend!
This old town spot has an amazing atmosphere.  Dim lighting, rich wood and hardwood floors add to the cute outdoor patio area for a great location.  The menu is like Tapas and the tableside guacamole  is excellent, best I've tasted.. . Prices are typical Scottsdale, but portions are fair for the price.  Service was excellent and drink refills were always plentiful.  Tacos are yummy, try the pork for sure at lunch.  . . Restroom decor is even very chic.  The staff were perfect, very professional.  When your in the mood to drop $50 on lunch for two, this is the place for sure.  Table were a little small given the sharing design and small dishes menu is my only feedback.
Hip, stylish, lively atmosphere.  Excellent service.  Delicious, interesting food.  I can't think of what else you would need in a restaurant. FABULOUS!  The street corn, duck carnitas, pozole, pork shoulder tacos, and avocado margaritas (EXCEPTIONAL!) were outstanding.  I wouldn't recommend this place for people who are hard of hearing, because it is a bit loud.  Otherwise, this place is perfect.
Really good food, amazing ambiance, and super friendly personal!
Very enjoyable meal. Would rate 4.5 stars so I'll round up. We had lunch on a Saturday. Weekend menu has brunch items as well as the regular menu. We got the tableside guacamole which was great. We also shared the grilled street corn which was nicely topped with a spicy cream/cheese sauce. I had steak tacos and wife had chicken tacos. Small tortillas but stacked with a good amount of the meat/fish of choice. . Can sit out on the pato or inside which is nicely done in wood and dark tones. Service was very efficient and attentive. My only complaint was the table for 2 is too small. Having chips and guac leaves little room for other plates. Dessert menu could be improved. We had the fried banana and it was okay but enjoyed the cinammon gelato. Prices a little high but on avg for Old Town. Will definitely return for the guac and tacos!
Guacamole was best I've had!
A favorite of mine. Wonderful food, wonderful service, great atmosphere. I try to go every weekend if I am lucky. Try the agave syrup Margarita. I am in love. My Saturday afternoon place. . . I wish they would remember me though. Jeepers we come often enough! :-)
Took my fiance' there for Valentine's day/ Birthday.  I did a lot of research of romantic places around the Valley, and this one really caught my eye.  Immediately after walking through the door, you'll notice a dark and romantic ambiance with a lot of candle light.  Seating is a bit tight, but it wasn't bad enough for me to give it a lower review.  We began with an appetizer called "Table side guacamole" which was incredible to say the least.  It literally is made in front of your table.  Then it was onto the main dish... Build-your-own  Pork tacos.  Talk about tender meat!!  The shoulder of pork literally fell right off onto the fork.  The tortillas were exceptional, and so was the tasty sauce which included pineapple glaze.  So, the food was absolutely delicious...but the service was equally impressive.  My water level never reached the bottom of the glass the entire night, and I drink plenty!  Everyone was incredibly nice and cheerfully said "Happy Valentine's Day!" and "Happy Birthday!" to my fiance', which made the experience even better.  A fantastic place that I'll have no problem recommending to others to visit!
We had lunch here after conquering Camelback Mtn...  ; ). . The table side made guacamole is OUTSTANDING...my wife got the steak tacos and really like them and I got the pork tacos and they were okay.  The tacos portions are smaller, but the prices are fair, the service is really good and the guacamole is well worht the trip!
Unbelievable . MUST TRY. Great service and better food
The guacamole is outstanding as are the street tacos.  The tequila flights and margaritas were also good. The overall atmosphere is nice.  There is a bar as well as seating areas.  The outside patio is probably the best place to sit.
Loved it.  So much so that I went back a 2nd time a week later.  Table side guac is a winner as is the street corn.  Have them cut it off the cob so you can pass it around.  Muy Bueno.
What a fabulous atmosphere - sophisticated, but casual enough for the visitor from out of town to walk off the street and enjoy a fabulous dining experience. We tried 3 varieties of tacos (served in a unique and intriguing manner) while we enjoyed primo cocktails at the bar area. It was the perfect setting! Warm and inviting, the service was attentive and professional. "Cheers" to The Mission!
Food and service is excellent!!!. Robert Earloog
I have to say:  the table side guac is some of the best I've had.  Almost as good as Rick Bayless' guac, but still can't touch my mom's.. We went for their Sunday brunch menu and were very pleased with the options.  We had a hard time choosing what to eat!  They do an all you can eat street tacos with pork on Sunday as well.... we opted for the recommended Chaquiles with pork (in the red sauce) and it was incredible!  And some other scramble with vegetables.. They have a great patio in the back of the restaurant with a lion fountainhead and just the right amount of sun peaking through the umbrellas they have up.  The drink options are great as well- I hope to go back and eat another meal at this restaurant!
porky bacony spicy boozyness. this place flat out rocks it. the food is freaking incredible everytime (10 + visits) I am always blown away upon first bite.  Pork Belly appetizer is re tard ed good!! Dont waste another moment eating elsewhere, go now!!
The tableside guacamole is fantastic, the chips and salsa really delicious, but the real standout on the menu is the Kobe Dog.  This is, literally, the greatest hot dog in the history of the world.  It is, all joking aside, the Chuck Norris of hot dogs.  It's a huge dog wrapped in bacon and stuffed in a brioche and topped with all sorts of awesomeness.  Actually, that makes it more like the Dom DeLuise of hot dogs, but you get what I mean.
Wow. Food here is simple, yet delicious. I didn't expect to find a place like this here, thus the 5-star. Guacamole was made right in front of us. Street corn had just the right amount of seasoning. And taro fries were unique! Pumpkin bread pudding also did not disappoint. If I lived here, I would definitely come back.
My cousin and i went to The Mission last Friday and it was awesome.  Packed as usual but for good reason.  The food is amazing and the drinks are delish.  The owner found us a seat in the bar which was perfect.  I highly recoment the pork shoulder. The Bomb!!!  Thanks for a great night Mission:)
The pumpkin bread pudding is to die for, so before I say anything else, remember to save room!  I took my son there last night to celebrate his college choice and we had one of the best meals EVER and the waiter was AMAZING. His name was Sal and he took the time to really explain the entire menu and make recommendations.  Then, he carefully timed everything so we did not feel rushed.  So nice.  . . We had the duck empanadas for an app and they were very good, but rich because of the foie gras.  My son also had a delicious soup but I don't remember the name.  I had the scallops for an entree and my son had the filet.  Both were fantastic.  I had asked for the scallops to be well done and they were but still moist.  The steak was amazing...even beat The Capital Grille, my son said.  Dessert...ahhhhh.  Pumpkin bread pudding AND the churros with chocolate shake.  A true feast!  My son said he is saving his money to bring his girlfriend here.  Such a wonderful restaurant, especially for a special occasion!. . PS Our waiter Sal said to come back for Sunday brunch..I think we may do that!
Blown away by the service, ambiance, and finally the food.  Try the butternut squash tacos.... And, stay for the company you may meet at the bar ;)
I'm completely impressed by The Mission and I can't wait to go back and try more of their amazing food.  . . My husband and I chose The Mission for our 8th Anniversary dinner and had a wonderful time - the staff is extraordinarily knowledgeable and very warm & welcoming.  Yelp steered us in the right direction as per usual, so we split the cheese plate with manchego to start, the pork shoulder tacos for dinner and split a pumpkin bread pudding for dessert.  Everything was expertly prepared and delicious.  The bread pudding was EASILY the best I've ever had.  We usually don't order desserts and I'm glad we did, because I can't stop thinking about how amazing this was.  . . My husband had an Avocado Margarita and an Estrella beer (Awesome that they have this available - and it was even served in an Estrella glass - impressive).  Since I'm pregnant, I asked if the bartender could make me a virgin version of their "Sophia Loren" with fresh strawberries & mint - score!  It was delicious and I'll certainly be back to try it with the proper amount of booze :).   . Lastly, how amazing is that Himalayan Salt Brick wall????  I NEED this in my house!
Staff was great, loved the patio, tasty pineapple ginger mojito, and shortribs had a lot going on!  Jenna was very knowledgeable about the menu and owner Brian stopped by and made sure we left more than satisfied.
Wow!  We loved this place enough to hit it twice in a 3 day trip to Scottsdale. Everything from the look, the service, and of course, the food!  Fabulous margaritas and excellent presentation on the food.  We had the guacamole several times and I did think the first batch was clearly the best but it is great anyway and is prepared to your dining preferences.
5 *'s what more need I say. ALL the food is wonderful. Great atmosphere and ambiance. The Almejas al vapor and the Pumpkin bread pudding are AMAZING.Oh.. and the guac is good ,too. ( tableside)  Margaritas aren't too shabby either. Good place for a date.
The absolute best guacamole I've ever had. It's been over a month since my visit to Scottsdale but I still dream of that guacamole.
This is the best restaurant in Scottsdale.  I order the healthy margarita and the hanger steak every time I go, and they are both easily the best I have ever experienced.  My husband orders the scallops and we have had almost all of the appetizers and sides, all of them extraordinary.  One note, they do try to rush your experience so make sure you take your time, otherwise you will be out of there in an hour.
pork belly appetizer delish.. steak tacos, delish.. bread pudding delish. . waitress a sweetie.. whole experience the best.
The Mission has been my favorite restaurant to eat at for over 3 years now! I am constantly talking about it with friends and acquaintances. I recently ate there for yet another gathering and decided to say some things on yelp. . . The only restaurant that can come close to the fresh quality and professional and friendly service is about 2 1/2 hours away. The perfect combination of freshness and flavor that the Chef puts together on the plates are unmatched. Just to name a few, the Tostadas and Crispy Cola Pork appetizers are two dishes I always get when I arrive. Both his every taste bud in your mouth to give you perfect satisfaction. The margaritas are the most well balanced margs I've ever tasted and the restaurant has a great selection of tequilas to sip on or shoot. Maestro Dobel all the way!! Most of the servers are incredibly educated on the food and you can tell just how much they love the place. The staff who have been there as long as we've been coming always remember us and make a point to come over and say hello. Always very professional and down to earth. . . Now, I was curious to see what other foodies had to say about this restaurant by looking at some of the other reviews. I had to laugh as I swear some of the "lower" reviews must have been in the wrong restaurant. There is no happy hour that I've ever seen (trust me I've asked). They do have a "transitional" menu in between lunch and dinner when all the staff is changing but no happy hour menu. The thing that brought me to this restaurant years ago was that Phoenix magazine had them down as the #1 Latin restaurant in the valley. I can assure you they have done nothing but gotten more popular and more busy since then! They're definitely not closing down soon, good sir that was just a rumor. The owners have been telling me about a new restaurant they're opening up just up the road within the next few months! That tells me they're progressing forward not backwards. However, the street tacos are a small meal. if you're not that hungry street tacos are great! If you are looking for a full meal however, another item other than STREET tacos would be ideal. . . Anyway, that is my review of the restaurant! Another foody who eats out about 5 nights a week and is incredibly picky about what restaurants get my money. The Mission deserves all that I do give them.
LOVE this place. Staff is great, atmosphere is great, and the food is amazing. I've been wanting to go back so badly but I'm trying to wait until next weekend for my birthday. It's so hard! . . The street corn and fried bananas are to die for. They're a must.
It's hard to go wrong at The Mission.  The atmosphere is just beautiful, candles strewn all around ---almost reminiscent of a church (appropriate given the name!)---Eating in the backyard is really an experience on a cooler night.  All of the tacos are phenomenal and have interesting ingredients that just pop.  The street corn is to die for, and the milkshake churro dessert is a go-to for me.  The cinnamon they use in the milkshake is awesome.   The servers are all really knowledgeable, and the service itself is generally outstanding.  It is trendy without being pretentious.   GO GO GO!
I have been here 5 or 6 times. The service is phenomenal and I always try something different. Every dish has been a joy to my mouth. Well worth the time and cost.
I really enjoyed my first dinner at The Mission, the service, atmosphere and menu were all exceptional. Going to Mission was a spur of the moment dinner idea, and we made reservations just an hour prior to dining. I would suggest reservations, we had to sit outside because they were full inside, and although they had a large and amazingly quiet fan outside, it was a bit hot. We sat by a fountain though, and that kind of made up for it, definitely will be back for more patio seating here when the weather cools down.. . The waiter was very attentive, I think in part because we were one of the first tables seated on the patio. By the way, I am talking about the back patio, not the entrance area patio- I think the one in the back is better. . . Our app was the cheese plate, we chose the cheese similar to manchengo (I don't remember the name exactly, but the waiter related it). The cheese plate came with all kinds of goodies. . . I had the kale salad for dinner, and my boyfriend the pork tacos. We also got a side of street corn, our favorite. Everything tasted great. The kale salad had tons of marcona almonds, oranges and a light dressing, the portion was large. I had a bite of the tacos and they were great, but they are small and 3 to a plate, so for bigger appetites consider getting extra tacos. . . Dinner here was great, we will be back soon.  (:
Just fantastic... you need to go here.. . Go for the ambiance (romantic, classy, upscale). Go for the food (variety, tasty big portions so you can share or be greedy and indulge). Go for the drinks (tequila, tequila, tequila). . . Splurge, enjoy, love and repeat..
I can not get enough of the Mission. Having lived in the Scottsdale area for nearly 10 years and trying almost every restaurant they have to offer, there is NONE like the Mission. Nothing even comes close.. . They specialize in margaritas with at least 50 different tequilas. The service is so attentive to the patrons. They really make a point to treat you more as a guest than another tip. The knowledge they have about the food is remarkable. The pork tacos are my absolute favorite! They slow roast the pork for 8 hours and let it soak in a pineapple glaze sauce that has SO MUCH FLAVOR!!! "Sweet but Savory" they say. When it comes time to chow down on the pork you don't even need a knife, you could eat it with a spoon it falls apart so easily. With great friends or a great date your experience at this restaurant will be memorable and you will be craving their food and a chance to re-live the experience. I would highly RECOMMEND this restaurant.
I have been wanting to come to The Mission for so long,  and I'm so happy I finally made it.  My boyfriend and I came for our three year anniversary. We were treated like royalty. Greeted by the hostess with a friendly "happy anniversary! " she seated us right away on the back patio. The patio was  romantic, strung tastefully with clear lights,  lush greenery, and a charming fountain. . . Our server came to greet us immediately. I was incredibly impressed with how much knowledge our server had about the menu(looks like a foreign language) and his ability to help me understand what everything was and what it would taste like. Looking over the drink menu there are so many great options, but I had to try their avocado margarita. Who knew avocados and tequila could go so well together!?  I had the tostadas to start; three crunchy delicious tostadas with all kinds of cheese, chicken, and yummy sauce. I had the salmon for my main entree, I've never had a better cooked piece of fish. Our server was always available to answer questions and always kept our waters and cocktails full.. . All I can say is thank you to the entire staff of The Mission for creating such a memorable night for me and my hunny. We can't wait to be back!
A must whenever I'm in Scottsdale. I almost always let the waiter bring me whatever they recommend. I honestly don't think I've looked at the menu here for more than a minute or two. Margaritas are amazing and the real deal.
Strawberry coconut mojito, pork tacos, and churros are amazing.
The Mission is wonderful! The ambiance is amazing .... it's dimly lit with beautiful chandeliers and great architecture. My husband and I dined here for my birthday and we had a great experience. The host was extremely attentive upon arrival and our waiter, Sam, was amazing! He thoroughly knew the menu and explained everything to us page by page. . . We started our meal with fresh guacamole made at our table. It was outstanding and they make it as spicy as you would like. Hubby had a really nice malbec with his Chimmichurri Marinated Hanger Steak and a side of green beans. I had the primarita margarita with Tecate Skirt Steak tacos and a side of the creamy chipotle grits. The presentation of the food was beautiful and tasted just as good as it looked.  Cannot say enough about the wonderful food, ambiance, and service!
I recently went to The Mission for my birthday dinner with friends. I LOVED it and would recommend it to anyone.. . We all shared a couple of the orders of tableside guacamole and it was amazing- probably the best I've ever had. They make it as spicy as you want so we got ours pretty spicy and everyone thought it was great.. . I wasn't too hungry so I just ordered an appetizer for my meal- the Pork Belly Pibil. Omg. So. Amazing. It had so many unique flavors and the pork belly was fantastic. "Avocado crema and banana habanero aioli".......... I wish I was a chef that could cook up these kind of creations. Our waiter suggested I order a side of tortillas to put the pork belly in to make mini tacos... Awesome suggestion. I couldn't even finish everything, I was so full.. . All of my friends having dinner with me raved about their food as well. I know a couple of them ordered the prix fix meal since we were actually there during AZ Restaurant Week and my boyfriend had the steak tacos. They also brought out a complimentary dessert with a sparkler on it for my birthday!. . My only complaint would be that it was very dark! We were seated outside on the patio and there was no light other than some small candles on the table. I'd suggest taking a look at the menu online before you go (if you're going for dinner), because it may be a little hard to see the menu when you get there!
My wife and I went to The Mission tonight with some friends during our trip to Scottsdale, AZ, and we loved it! We ordered a sampling of nearlyeverything on the menu, and everything we ordered was wonderful.  . . Some of our favorite dishes were - guacamole made at the table (medium spice), short rib tacos, mahi mahi tacos, pork belly appetizer, and bread pudding.. . I had the avocado margarita and was pleasantly surprised that it was a really good margarita.  One of our friends ordered one of the tequila flights, and he said it was the best value he'd ever seen - 4 very nice samplings of tequila and great quality for a great price.. . The decor was nice, and we were especially taken by the wall of Himalayan salt bricks.  It really is a sight to see with the lighting behind the bricks shining through. The one negative was that we were at a table with a HUGE painting sticking out from the wall that was a little intrusive, but it didn't ruin our meal by any means.. . If you're ever in old town Scottsdale, I recommend you go to The Mission.  It's a good picture taking opportunity too with the mission building next door.
Best guacamole I've ever tasted...and that's coming from someone who typically doesn't like it.  Custom made table-side, this fresh dip would keep me coming back, if it wasn't located out of state!  The chicken tacos were equally amazing!  Highly recommended.
Great guacamole and pork shoulder.  Would definitely recommend
Great service and atmosphere, Delicious food! Duck empanadas were amazing! Highly recommend and will definitely go back.
Went here on a whim for my birthday on labor day weekend with a couple friends. It was AMAZING! Excellent food & excellent service in a beautiful atmosphere! I will be coming back again & again. Thank you!
Great Margaritas!!
Our first visit to The Mission. Won't be our last. Best value in Phoenix/Scottsdale by far. Service, food, ambience were all pitch perfect. Only negative: man the light is to dim to read the menu or see your food when it arrives....up the wattage on the candles!  Start with an avocado margarita, sets the mood and is amazing, smooth and refreshing. For appetizers we had the pork belly, too much for two because we also had the guacamole, but I am still salivating just thinking about it. The avocado crema and aioli gave the sweet pork belly a real boost -- a must order.  For mains we had the pork shoulder and short rib tacos, both excellent and finished by sharing the the pumpkin seed bread pudding. Zero complaints, manager and about three other servers checked in on us. The price was a BONUS!! $130 for two appies, three drinks, two mains and a dessert!! You can't beat it. I can't wait to go back and I always have a complaint.
One of the best meals my girlfriend and I have had. From beginning to end, everything was fantastic.  We had the Peruvian stew,  grilled  street corn, flank steak and  creamy grits. The food was a bit spicy so be prepared. Finished with the churros and milkshake combo and it was great. Drinks were tasty and service awesome as well! Highly suggested.
Not sure I can much more than the other yelpers here...but man, this place was truly awesome.  If you are headed to the Scottsdale area, make your reservation now - they are hard to get last minute, unless you want to eat at 9:30pm.  The bar area is a bit small, but it included two large communal tables for dining so you could lucky get and snag a spot there.  . . My girlfriends and I shared the table-side guacamole (medium level) and crispy cola pork to start - both were fab, I felt sad when the plates were empty. The margarita's are cold, strong and made to perfection.. . For dinner, we again shared.. Grilled Street Corn (off the cob) and four types of the street tacos: Butternut Squash, Chicken, Skirt Steak and Barbocoa.  We devoured every morsel on the plate.  Each dish was super flavorful and had just the right amount of heat.. . Great service, atmosphere and food!  I wish this place was in my hood... but for now, I just look forward to my next visit to Scottsdale.
One of my FAVORITE restaurants of all time!! .... 5 stars for Ambiance, Service, and Food!  3 cheers to the Chef and the Entire Team, including the hostess, bartender, busboy, and to our wonderful waiter.  My favorite is the soup that is pure heaven with flavor galore and absolutely gorgeous.   I also really love the grilledcorn - its a must!!
For once I cannot say one bad thing about this place there skirt steak tacos are to die  for and there margaritas are amazing nothing artificial is in these things just fresh squeezed juices and tequila this place is a bit upscale and pricey but well worth it
This is my favorite restaurant in a city crowded with excellent choices. Mission is in it's own league and continues to be creative.. . I'll quote my prior review:. . "The Almejas Al Vapor is anincredible dish." Words do not do this restaurant justice....it's really that good. This time we tried a new twist....the Mini churros for Dessert with a small milkshake. Incredible!. . I love coming here when it's NOT tourist season. It's still packed and still requires a reservation, but it's much more relaxing. . . Wonderful experience. Bobbly Flay probably eats here :-)
Really cool atmosphere - the bar area is awesome with a salt lamp wall.  The food is outstanding - we ordered the peruvian clam stew and it was one of the best dishes I've ever had.  Don't skip the pumpkin bread pudding either.  The guacamole was good, definitely not the best I've ever had, but worth ordering.  The flour tortillas were hand-made and warm.  The drinks were STIFF and tasty.  One margarita had my wheels rolling.  Staff were helpful and service was great.  We will almost always try a new place, but we definitely will go back to The Mission when we get to Scottsdale.
Yum.  Wonderful food, excellent service, great atmosphere.  I LOVED the chips and salsa, some of the best I have ever had.  The white beans were amaze-balls and the table-side guacamole was entertaining & scrumptious.  The drink I ordered was too sweet for my taste, so the on-top-of-it manager made sure that the bartender made me a replacement drink more to my liking, at no charge.  The space is calm, cool & collected.  I'd say worth the wait for sure.  If I ever come back to Scottsdale I'll be B-lining for The Mission.
My girlfriends and I go to Scottsdale twice a year to escape the cold of Seattle, and The Mission is hands down our favorite restaurant.  The service is always fantastic, the food is out of this world, and the atmosphere is unfailingly fun.  Brian, one of the owners, remembers us each time we visit and treats us like regulars, even though we're only there twice a year.  Truly an outstanding place to eat!
i came here for dinner the other day while in town and although i had a great dinner here...the only thing that really stood out was the dessert i had....its the only thing that im writing the review on.. . sat down at the bar for a bite and to watch the world series game...had some drinks. had tacos. wanted something sweet...so i ordered dessert.. . FML. MIND BLOWING DESSERT ALERT.. . we've all had churros at some point and time in our lives right...its kinda like eating a donut really...when its fresh, its amazing.  fried, sweet, and tastes like cinnamon...cant go wrong.... . i USED to think this UNTIL i had the churroshere at the Mission.. . they serve up these mini churros here WITH a tres leches milkshake/ice cream that will make a grown man cry tears of joy.  i mean, im over there taking bites and barely able to control my emotions...knowing that i dont live in the area and will not be able to eat this anytime i wanted.... . little deep fried churros that simply put, are the most delicious churro ive ever had.... crispy, fried, buttery, sweet, cinnamon-y, just simply amazing little things.... . go to The Mission. eat the churros. you will geek out when you do....
I'm on a mission to find good Mexican food in AZ.  I'm not talking about Sonoran or fresh mex.  The mission is probably the best restaurant I've been to in AZ!!!  The outside of the restaurant reminds me of the alamo in San Antonio, TX.  We had the skirt steak street tacos, street corn, crab and corn pancakes, and the banana and blueberry pancakes.  It was brunch on a Sunday of course!  All the food was superb!  Skirt streak came in 3 small tacos, but was very filling.  Skirt steak itself was so tender and not chewy!  Crab and corn pancakes reminded us of the crab salad at zinc bistro and find out later both are owned by the same person! Win win!  Lots of fresh crab on top of corn pancakes!  The street corn was amazing!!!  We asked the server to cut it off the husk and it was made with some sort of sauce that had a huge kick!!! It was crunchy and sweet and then spicy from the sauce!  My husband and I still cannot stop thinking about it!!  I have no idea what was in that sauce!  The children had banana and blueberry pancakes! So yummy! The bananas were fried and caramelized! This place rocks and it is so affordable!! We can't wait to go back!
This was our fist time here, it had been recommended be several of our friends, so on a whim we decided to check it out. I called at 5:30pm on a Sunday night to see if we needed reservations, at first the hostess said they had an opening at 8:45... but then recanted and said they could get us in at 6:45 and then I told her, 'no'. Then she asked how far away we were and all of a sudden could get us in at 5:45 (so initially that was off putting).... needless to say, glad we got there when we did because the place filled up quickly, also, if you get there before 6 don't bother with reservations, there will be plenty of available space.. We sat at the bar so we could watch the football game - and I'm glad we did. Almost immediately, our bartender/waiter Jordan was there to greet us. He was very knowledgeable, very friendly, and seriously, genuinely seemed to enjoy his job. He was awesome!! We ordered our drinks, I ordered the margarita that Jordan recommended (Primarita) and my husband ordered the sangria/margarita (Missionary) both were very strong and very good. For dinner we split the dinner for 2 - pork shoulder tacos. The meat was so tender it melted in my mouth! Very flavorful! Then we decided to try a dessert. The espresso churros and milk shake... I could have just ordered that and been content. fantastic!! lastly, we decided to go for a night cap. A dessert drink. We both had the Rum Chatta/Espresso. It came in 2 Italian coffee cups.  All in all, we loved the decor, the coziness of the restaurant, the service was exceptional, and the food and drinks were spectacular! If you are looking for something a little different, not your typical Mexican joint, this is your place!
WOW! This place is great! A definite restaurant not only to return to, but to recommend to friends. I made a reservation earlier in the week for Wednesday night - so glad I did: the place was buzzing! . . My romantic husband did all the ordering for me and hit everything on the head. The Colorado Lamb Ribs Adobada was so delish - I could have had another! For our entrees, my husband ordered the Creekstone Filet and Diver Scallops. The filet was a bit too red for my taste, but my husband loved it! The scallops were the best I've ever had - they simply melted in my mouth! The smoked banana pieces that were on the plate were pretty and all, but I did not like them (nor did the people at the next table who we let try them). And of course, the Mission Fries were a happy combination for both my husband and I. I took them home and even ate them cold the next day and they were still wonderfully tasty! . . Our stomachs so full that we could not even order dessert (shouldn't have had the chips and salsa the waiter brought out twice). But, our new friends from the next table did give me a taste of the pumpkin bread pudding and it was exceptional! I will definitely save room for that next time.. . By coincidence, our waiter ended up being the famous "Sam" and all previous reviews are right - he is simply great! He loved that my husband ordered for me, kept the food a secret, showed up at the right times, and was just all around a nice guy. The restaurant itself was lively and fun. The chandeliers and mirrors gave it a romantic touch and I also loved the tiled wall! Manager was on hand (not that there were any problems, just wanted to tell him I loved this place) and everyone seemed really happy to be working here! . . We will definitely be back!
The best guacamole on the planet!  It also, had pozole, and a great ribeye steak.  This would be the perfect place for a romantic dinner.  It is ultrachic, and has a great wine list.  The desserts were also to die for.  The service I must admit was a bit amateurish, but I must give them 5 stars for effort, and sincerity!  What has really sold me on this place it has a good combination of street food, as well as classic dishes.  If you are looking for a great restaurant in the Phoenix, AZ area this is at the top of the list.
Best meal in Scottsdale!! Try the appetizers less expensive than the entree and tasty!!
As a hopeless foody I think I am hard to impress, but this place knocked my socks off.  After reading reviews and talking to a few locals we decided to dine at the Mission on a Saturday night.  Our reservations were for late, but we wandered in early and grabbed a seat at the bar.  Sitting next to us a local was ordering and ran through the menu with us...he was so enthusiastic that we decided to get a few appetizers there....they were incredible.  My wife got an wonderful drink that paired with the house guacamole and the braised pork belly perfectly.  The fresh made chips were terrific, and the pork belly portion was bigger than most steaks I have had recently.  Topped with caramelized onions, perfectly spiced, just the right balance of crisp on top and unctuous in the middle.  The appetizers were so incredible we decided to keep going.  The ambience was wonderful, the crowd was sociable and we ordered the Peruvian clam stew, the duck confit and the sweet potato fries....oh, almost forgot the braised beef street tacos.  The portions were all huge, and it was clear that we had ordered too much, but we shared with the folks around us.  The street tacos were good, topped with a crisp slaw and fresh homemade bread and butter pickles.  I would say they were just what we expected.  The duck was excellent, and more than enough for my wife and I to split...and we still couldn't finish it all.  The fries were great....and good fries should never be taken for granted.  But, the dish that trumped them all was the clam stew.   The spicy brown broth was light...almost airy, and its all about the broth.  The stew was just spicy enough, without being overpowering.  I actually had a dream about it that night..... OK, we are obviously fans.  Great ambience, terrific service, warm rich dark decor that makes you feel good when you walk in on a cool winter night, excellent drinks...need I say more.   If you are in the Phoenix area make this a priority stop....you will not be disappointed.
Ate at the Mission twice during our stay in the area.  Both times we had very good food and drinks, great service - we will go back again when in the area.
Sooooooo Goooooood!  Loved the front patio seating w/the fireplace. We sat there X-mas eve and felt cozy w/the patio gas heaters on.  The inside decor is great, colors, types of seating, bar area, lighting etc... . . My husband & I shared a Don Julio Tequila Flight and our Waitress took time to explain the various tequila and the aging process plus she had great tips and recommendations on the menu. . . We also shared the crispy pork belly appetizer, the table side guacamole, the braised beef tacos and the pumpkin bread pudding. Absolutely everything was fabulous. Up there with the top tasting restaurants and best ambiance In my opinion!
great food, solid service, wonderful ambiance - one of the best mexican restaurants in Phoenix
Great atmosphere, knowledgeable wait staff,  delicious food, and oh my goodness...the pumpkin bread pudding is amazing!!!
I am really loving the Mission after a recent visit.  The margaritas are fantastic and the "skinny" one is strong and delicious.  Last visit, I had the duck empanadas which were delicious. Every time the atmosphere is really fun.  I will say inside can sometimes be a little loud so if you are having super serious conversation you might sit outside on one of the patios.
Three of us locals went to try a restaurant we had never been to before and came out wondering how come we didn't find this place before!  The service was impeccable...from the hostess to our waitress to the manager.  Everyone was friendly and helpful.  We ordered the guacomole that is prepared tableside and we practically licked the bowl.  The posole and kobe dog hit the spot on a chilly afternoon.  The manager, Michelle, stopped by our table and after some Facebook discussion, sent us three small avocado margeritas to taste.  OMG!  I can't wait to spread the word about this place and I know my boys will LOVE the kobe dog.  Can't wait to go again soon!
Really great food and service. Loved the ambience at night. This place would be packed to the rafters in LA.
This is all you need to know about the mission:. . 1. Make a reservation. If not, you probably won't be seated for a while. This place is popular!. . 2. BEST GUAC EVER. Get it. You won't be disappointed. . . 3. Delicious take on Mexican food. It's a refreshing change from the norm. . . 4. The pork shoulder taco's for 2 are AMAZING. Get them. And at only $32.... not pricey at all (especially for two people)! The salmon is excellent as well. . . 5. The side dish of corn is delectable. Get that too. . . 6. Go for your birthday or anniversary and get their take on bread pudding, free. We're going tonight for a birthday and I can't wait to sink my teeth into the pumpkin bread pudding, YUM!. . 7. Service is excellent. Servers are knowledgable. Great decor. Romantic.
I love the French pressed coffee! Everything I have ever eaten from this place has been amazing. I try something new except for the french pressed coffee I'm just amazed I haven't found a coffee house that offers it. But the Mission has GREAT FOOD and even better Service. I love the tortas the most but everything is amazing!
The Mission has rich architectural history and atmosphere PLUS amazing food. The food and the service is always outstanding!
I'm from Chicago and Chicago has great food.  The Mission was fabulous!  I loved it.  The server helped me pick out a great wine to go with my steak tacos that was perfect.  I can't wait to go back here.
Best restaurant in phoenix . Excellent food and service .. I would take anyone here ! Great great great !
Even though it has only been about a month since the last visit, I needed my Almejas Al Vapor "fix". This Peruvian dish is soooo incredible. Also, I had the kale salad which was excellent! This is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere and I'm so glad I get to go to Phoenix, often!
I tried this place because the hotel bartender at Gainey Ranch recommended it to me. He did steer me in the right direction. It was very crowded, and you are going to need a reservation for large groups. . . However, we were sat immediately on their little patio out front. It was cozy and lovely. I actually recommend sitting out there when it's not 200 degrees outside. It's away from the hussel and bussel. . . The food was delicious! I know their menu selection is limited, but the food that is on there is to die for. The chef is apparently French but working at a Latin restaurant. French and Latin fuse together to make a great combo. I had their filet and a bite of the chicken dish. Both were simply amazing. . . ALSO If you only take one thing away from this review, remember to order the guacamole appetizer. It is the best guac I've ever tasted in my life! . . If you have lots of money eat here because it's pretty pricey, but totally worth it in my opinion.
I've lived in Tempe for about five years, and if you asked me what my favorite restaurant is, I would say The Mission.  If I were to try and pin down the reason for my favorable opinion, it would be something about the entire dining experience.  Located in Old Town Scottsdale, the actual restaurant is an old church.  At least on the outside.  It always feels like a party is happening on the inside.  Indoor and outdoor tables are available.  There is a vast array of margaritas, most come with actual lime juice, and other sundry drinks.    The dinner menu also boasts a myriad of options.  The food is always great.  I'm always trying to decide between several drinks and several entrees.  Although, I usually order several drinks.  The ambiance is festive and loud with dim lighting.  If you want a quieter dining experience, come during the day light hours.  Often, my daughter accompanies us.  There is free parking near by, and a variety of after dinner locations within easy walking distance, such as ice cream parlors.
Mmmmmmm! I love The Mission, the margaritas are fabulous, amazing tequila flights, the food=AHHHHHHH.......MAZING* Latin American Cuisine at it's finest* The duck special was to die for, creamy honey chipolte grits, bacon haricot verts, mahi tacos, Sunday brunch specials on drinks and all u can eat pork taco buffet for $16. GO EAT HERE. (I also LOVE the ambiance~super romantic, fabulous chandeliers, super chill front & back patio) Enjoy.
We came here during restaurant week last year and it blew our minds. I heard good things before, but really, it started with their award winning drinks. I recall a blood orange margarita that was amazing and then the almejas, which is a Peruvian stew, touched every part of my heart. I got the scallops and split my honeys entree, which I think we're tacos? I can't help but recommend this place to people. I wish it wasn't so loud though. I guess that's part of the Scottsdale thing though! Worth the wait for sure.
My wife and I were looking for a restaurant with a Southwestern influence, and after seeing the reviews thought we would try the Mission.  Reviews were high, so we expected to be disappointed.  WOW, we went on a Monday evening, and called for reservations.  It was busy, but we were seated right away.  . . The food was incredible, and the service was fantastic.  We started with the tableside guacamole, which was out of this world, and ordered the pork tacos for two with the mission fries.  I have eaten at restaurants all over the country, but I must say that this was one of the best meals I have had in a very long time.  We couldn't believe that they exceeded our expectations.  I HIGHLY recommend.  The flavors that the chef brings together in each of the dishes were amazing.. . I can't wait to come back to Phoenix and visit again.  It is also really cool that it is in old Scottsdale, and is just a really cool setting.  I don't believe you could be disappointed with the Mission.  We loved it.
I went to this restaurant with 9 other girls as part of a bachelorette party weekend.  We actually picked this place based on all the Yelp reviews and now here I am writing one of my own.. . First off - make a reservation and get there on time!  This place gets packed, and I can see why.  The ambiance is really nice.  Kind of laid-back, soft lighting everywhere, some pretty chandeliers and this sort of industrial look that went well with the antiquity of everything else.  Our server was AMAZING.  He took the time to go over any item on the menu and explain how it's cooked, and made great recommendations for some of our girls who were vegetarians.  . . Myself, I was going to order the chorizo pork shoulder but decided to get the chicken tacos instead.  I was a little worried that I'd made a mistake with that order because when the food was served, all I got was a small plate with 3 cute lil tacos.  What I didn't realize was how packed full of delicious meat those tacos were.  They were, literally, finger licking good!  All the other girls in my party loved their food, so I think I can go as far as saying most everything on the menu is delicious.. . Finally, the mixed drinks are delicious, too.  They have so many tequilas, it's mind-boggling. I had one of their mojitos and it was to die for.  The bartender also hooked us up with some kind of sweet drink in a shot glass for some of us chicks who can't handle hard liquor shots.. . Anyways, I highly recommend this place!
Omigod, the the food is absolutely fabulous, I eat til I hurt. . . You need a reservation! Period. . . But its totally worth it. I tried it last year and literally thought about it ALL YEAR, finally returned and just as awesome as before. Nothing like it, yes there is good Mexican food in AZ (and in SF, CA).... its just not like this place. . . Would be hurting all the time if this place was local to me!
I had heard good things about this place, so I had to check it out. We came here after a 1PM Giant's game and sat at a table at the bar. . . We ordered margaritas - definitely hit the spot. We had table side guacamole - mild since we had some wimps at our table. It still had a kick to it, and was very yummy. We all had different types of tacos, and aside from one person who was on a no carb diet, everyone's plate was cleared.  The waitress was very attentive, and we were never left looking around for water or our next drink. I would highly recommend this place for lunch or dinner. Definitely worth a visit.
It is not too often that I ask to speak to the manager about the service, but our waiter Tony provided the best service that I have had in a long time. The guacamole made table side was fantastic and the house margaritas were awesome. The entire experience was excellent.
Absolutely do not miss this gem!! I seriously think I could eat here every day. The guys at the bar make amazing drinks and the menu will NOT disappoint! The merlot braised short ribs was fantastic and we had a hard time deciding! Don't miss the street corn!
Awesome! We loved this place!. . We sat at the bar to order margaritas and decided to stay there and eat. The service was fantastic. It's always a good sign when there are a lot of locals sitting at the bar as well. . . The pork tacos were great! Guacamole and salsa were awesome! . Hubby got the chicken and waffles and would not share. They were that good!. . Try the cucumber jalapeno margarita. Seriously it's to die for.. . Overall this place gets an A+!
This is how much we liked The Mission:  2 dinners, 1 lunch and 1 time for drinks and apps out of 5 days that we were in Scottsdale.  Weather was perfect and we sat in the patio.  Get the guacamole!  We ordered the kale salad, spinach salad, fish tacos, Crispy Cola Pork, Pork Belly Pibil, Pork Shoulder tacos, Pumpkin Bread Pudding and the Primarita Margaritas.  Lots of Primarita Margaritas!  Guess you could say we got addicted, so much so we made it our last stop before heading to Sky Harbor to fly home.
Super delicious short rib tacos!  Lots of chandeliers and candles give a dim, romantic vibe.
Excellent Margarita (Primorita)  We shared the tableside guacamole, the corn gordita (comes with 3 we added an extra), the shrimp tacos (also comes with 3 but added an extra) and scumptious shrimp taco.  Everything was excellent.  Great ambiance and very nice waiter who gave us great advice, thankyou Angel!
We were visiting for Spring Training, and this is by far some of the best "fancy" mexican food we have ever had.  And being frequent travelers to Mexico, this is a high complement.  My husband ha been craving it ever since we left.  Simply delicious :)
Great meal!  Had a nice dinner on the back patio and can't say enough good things about how impressed I was with everything.  Margaritas were great, guacamole was some of the best that I have ever had, and my Chimmichurri Marinated Hanger Steak was perfect.  Good meal all the way around.
Sat at the bar. Ordered the tostada appetizer which was delicious. Also had the pork shoulder tacos that are cooked for 10 hours. Very yummy. The mission is very romantic with darker lighting. I highly recommend it!
In 2012, I found this jewel of a restaurant while on a business trip.  This year, my wife and I were there within a hour of landing in Phoenix.  We did have a wait for a table but they were gracious and offered to call my cell phone so we could enjoy Ole Scottsdale area while the sun was setting.. . We selected a table outside in the rear patio.  It was slightly chilly so they brought my wife a blanket.  Who would have thought Phoenix would have been so chilly...in mid April.. . We love their guacamole made table side.  That was our favorite.  Amanda was our server and she made several great selections.  Although the portions are small, we feel like this is going to be on the list for 2014.  . . BTW - the salsa is fantastic!
Fantastic ambiance, with low lighting in classic Spanish architectural-style building. Had the Green Chile Duck Confit paired with an Argentine Pinot Noir (both utterly delectable). I finished with the incredible Pumpkin Bread Pudding! Unparalleled service from Hannah. 5 stars all the way.
As it would happen, choosing The Mission as a place to pre-game the evening's events was the best decision my crew made all night. (For my sake's anyway).. . There was the ambiance..... The ambiance here envelopes you, much like that first wave of warmth you get from a vicodin, scotch and Red Bull blast. In fact, this place is so warm and cozy, it'll make you feel like you're back in the womb flipping off the ultrasound technician.. . The service.... Perched at their communal high top, a long and double-sided table adjacent to the bar, our server was more attentive than a lion tamer with a big stick. This made it an absolute certainty I would lose the first of my five senses in a very short period...hearing.. The weird thing about those communal tables is how you never know who you're going   to sit next to. Who do I get?. A gaggle of what I can only conjecture were church ladies whom, at my merely uttering (90 decibels) the word 'FUCK', would violently, and in unison, snap their heads in my direction. Now this was fun.. Yes, my prodigious cursing made for quite the theatrics as, with the same precision of Old Faithful, five heads would whip about on cue giving me the skunk-eye.. What a hoot.. . The Food..... The food was, well, I'm not sure. It looked and smelled good, but I was down to three senses by the time we finally ordered. Sadly, taste, much like Elvis, had left the building at that point. Good thing for our dates who were quick to inform us (routinely droning on throughout the meal) about how delicious everything was. (Blah Blah Blah). . The bill for four of us came to two hundred twelve dollars before tip. We had drinks, some very cool looking appetizers, enough chips and salsa to feed a small Ethiopian village, a bevy of drink, and some entrees whose names I couldn't remember if my life depended on it.. . As I said, pre-gaming at the Mission was the best decision we made all night. . Who could ever know that with one well-timed (and perhaps highly audible) "FUCK", I held the awesome power to control my very own Women's Synchronized Scowling Team.. For at least one night of my miserable existence, I WAS omnipotent.. . Thanks Mission.
Excellent food and service. Although the fish tacos were a bit small in portion size.
My favorite Mexican restaurant in the Valley.    I love everything I've had from the tacos to the hot dogs. ..yes. . .out of place but the hot dogs are amazing!  Excellent customer service!
2013 started with TWO trips to Spring Training.  The Mission is always a definite GO...like GO GIANTS!  Still O-sooo-GOOD.  I've included their Pozole in my faves.  Added another star to my earlier review!
Some other cranky New York expats and I were bemoaning the food around here, so I started thinking about my favorite places to eat in the Valley. Places where I haven't been disappointed, and where I don't leave feeling like I paid fora great meal and got a good meal.  The Mission is one of them.  Go there and eat.  Eat anything on the menu.  It will be good.
The Mission...what can I say.. . This is the BEST restaurant in Scottsdale hand down. I am a regular and here is why:. -Amazing ambiance..... dark with lots of candles and a salt brick wall. Really cool music at just the right volume.. -Creative, unique and perfectly executed menu. What makes this place so special is there is literally nothing like it in town.. -Friendly service. In my experience, the servers had strong knowledge of the menu and were real people. At a lot of these nice restaurants service is great but seems a bit fake. People who work here seem comfortable in their own skin and are generally fun to talk to.. -Top notch margaritas! I sat at the bar once and the bar manager Mike took great  care of us. I was pretty sure my girl friend was going to dump me for this guy...he is as smooth as it gets. This guy has to be melting hearts on the reg between his game and the tequila selection.. . If you want to get in here I strongly recommend a reservation...pretty tough to get in even on week days without one.
Beautiful outdoor space overlooking the historic Mission church. Everything was perfect.
My sister and I dined on the back garden patio.  I loved the location of The Mission.  We ordered the table-side guacamole and it was superb.  The Mexican restaurants in Houston doesn't come close to the freshness and the complete circle of spices that were added.  It was topped with pumpkin seeds which was a first for me.  My sister ordered Chorizo Porchetta which was pork shoulder with fresh kitchen made chorizo stuffed in the middle and I ordered the Chilean Salmon.  The drinks were amazing.  We ended dinner with Espresso Churros....oh my...no words.  I will never have Churros unless they are from The Mission way in Scottsdale AZ.
Absolutely delicious! Three of us shared the Mahi Mahi, Short Rib Barbacoa, and steak tacos.....really incredible. The guacamole was good and the Cucumber-Jalepeno Margarita was excellent!
Went here tonight for the first time and had an amazing experience.  EVERYTHING we tried was wonderful.  All the flavors were great and the food was very unique.  The atmosphere was very chic and the service was fantastic.  Would definitely go back as well as try other restaurants the chef owns.  Our waiter Jermal was the best!
The Mission was my last stop on my food tour of Phoenix, and I ended it with a bang!. . The place was surprisingly crowded for a Wednesday evening, and I had to sit at a bar table. I didn't mind; was just surprised. . . I started with the Mango and Jicama salad (no cheese), and it was light and refreshing. . . The drink menu was impressive, and I decided on the Primarita. It was crisp with a little bite to it - perfect! . . I sipped my drink while I enjoyed the Tecate Skirt Steak tacos, which were incredible. The meat was flavorful and tender; the spices perfect. The portion size was a little small - the corn tortillas were silver-dollar size - which perhaps explains how the Primarita went straight to my head?. . I highly recommend this place. Ambiance, food, service - all are top notch.
A five star review is a rarity for me to give.  It leaves no room for doubt that this is a business that has achieved the ultimate mastery of its craft.  If the purpose of the "The Mission" was to create an experience of latin flavors that both excite and dominate your palette with brutal efficiency, they indeed deserve this 5 star review.. . On a rare occasion you get to experience something new.  Both my wife and Ilove latin food and we had heard plenty of buzz that The Mission was the place to go to feed this hunger.  The old world style of the restaurant is matched by the decor and place settings.  You get the feeling that you are somewhere deep within Mexico or Argentina once you take your seat.  The wait staff was courteous and explained each and every aspect to the menu.  From the delectable seafood soup to the various tapas and main dishes, we were well informed on what we could expect.. . We tried a little bit of everything and I cant say as I have tried anything more delectable than the south of the border treats set before us.  Each dish gave a unique experience and flavor that kept the table quiet as we tried to mastermind how to describe these tastes.  . . If you want an evening out that will give you no less than an amazing meal with a lot to talk about afterwords, you should make The Mission your mission.
This food is everything but authentic Mexican but I say that in a good way!  The chef is French trained and has taken traditional Mexican dishes and put his twist on it. Agree the table side made fresh guacamole is to die for!  We shared the roasted corn and both had tacos (fish and spare rib).  The preparation and presentation is nothing I've ever seen as the mini tacos were stacked not stuffed. . . We learned of two other restaurants the chef owns and plan on trying out!  All in all one of the best (if not the best) "Mexican" dinner in a long time.
I think it's safe to say that if I could afford it, I would eat here every night. This place is AMAZING. The ambiance is great, the patio is great, the drinks are great, the food is phenomenal. When I had family in town, we came here twice in two days because they loved it that much too. We got guacamole and several other appetizers that I can't really remember but they were all very good. The duck was my favorite thing here and the pork shoulder was delish as well. The staff was really friendly and service was good. Great place to bring family or friends who are in town, great place for date night, a birthday, special celebration, etc.
We had a great meal here!  Food was delicious and the atmosphere was very nice!  Definitely will return
Out of this world good. Amazing service, amazing food. Sam took great care of us multiple visits. One of the best places in old town...seriously. Try the Kobe dog, it will have you telling all your friends.
BEST TACOS EVER. Wow. After trying a few restaurants here in Scottsdale and being thoroughly disappointed, The Mission really delivered. The tecate steak tacos are probably the best tacos I've ever had. The handmade corn tortilla is tiny, maybe 3 inches but is loaded up with delicious, tender skirt steak, salsa, avocado and cotija. It is the perfect taco - has a balance of flavors, and if you are like me (a carnivore) the ratio of more meat to tortilla is perfect, the salty crumbly cotija and creaminess of the avocado set off the flavorful deliciously tender skirt steak perfectly. The table side guacamole was amazing as well. So fresh and had the perfect consistency and loaded up with red onions, jalapenos, tomato, garlic, sea salt, lime and topped off with cotija and pepitas. The chips were warm, thin and crispy and seasoned well with sea salt. I hate when you get a basket of bland unsalted chips like at most Mexican restaurants. Not here.. . My son got the chicken tostadas. Again, mini corn tortillas but loaded with flavor and topped with a spicy creamy sauce. Crispy and Delicious. My hubby got the pork shoulder tacos which were too sweet for my palette. Everything was fantastic! I am hoping to return one more time before we go back to LA.. . This place is really happening at night. Very loud and crowded and dark. Very cool decor with crystal chandeliers hanging and a Himalayan salt wall. We were going to go here for dinner but it was just too loud and had too much going on for a newborn so we decided to go here for lunch which was perfect for us - it was not crowded or loud and we got great service. The staff was so friendly and they told us about their sister restaurant The House Brasserie which we are going to check out tonight.. . I LOVE this place. My mouth is watering just thinking about those tacos!
The food here is spectacular, and the ambiance is great.  Servers are always friendly.
Could not have been more satisfied!!. Tara, our server, was so kind! She did an awesome job recommending foods to us. We enjoyed all her recommendations. . I enjoyed the flat iron steak. Wow!!. My girlfriend had the red snapper and she loved it!. Overall, an amazing dining experience. This is a fantastic restaurant.
loved this place. was in town for a bachelorette party and someone recommended this restaurant to us. it was a perfect way to end the weekend. food was delish, our waiter was serious eye candy and the ambience was perfect. also since we gave a heads up that it was a bachelorette, they treated us to free tequila shots and a brought out a dessert with sparkler for the bride to be. must go again whenever in town!
awesome!
I always take friends here from out of town.  Love this place!
This is one of those sunshine stories, the mission has succeeded in launching their own twist on Mexican cuisine.. . /Service. When I first arrived I was greeted in a very personable way. I was promptly seated and soon our waitress arrived. Let's talk about the waitress for a second. Professional and personable, and did not hesitate to give her own opinion on dishes and drinks.. neither did she say anything negative on anything on the menu, but that is her job after all. I think the service was great, absolutely great. . . /Food. The food was excellent. The tacos are small, very small.. like taco sliders, but they are tasty. Dont be discouraged by that fact. I went with the chorizo filled pork - I wouldn't recommend it, but I loved the set up, the presentation, how fresh it seemed. But if there is one thing that is a must to try at this place, it is the tableside guacamole. They mix it before your eyes and you can comment and suggest yourself, and the result was amazing.. . /Drinks. I think the drinks are too expensive. Yes, this is Scottsdale and you have to accept this fact - but I am saying this because despite the raving about the mixologist, I just wasn't impressed. Plus one for ingenuity, minus one for drink list limitation. . . /Ambience. Fantastique. No but really, it is really good and the service (as I already over sold) plays a big part of this. They are the life of the atmosphere. But the layout is cool and they have focused on making this cozy and intimate, but not too intimate. They have found the baby bear kind of middle ground.. (you know, Goldilocks?)
This place has everything you could be looking for! Good for a date or just with the buds! The food takes the spotlight at the mission. Its not over priced and it fills you up! Fancy by my standards, however, all of the tacos were delicious and the tostadas were amazing!!! Get the table side guac to spice everything up! Just remember what you order comes usually in threes and there are no sides per say.. . Margs are 10$ a pop but they are good! Atmosphere and service was amazing!
Hands down one of the best restaurants I have been to.  Service was unbelievably great.
Let me start by saying-- whenever I decide on a place for lunch or dinner Mexican/Latin/Spanish food is rarely (uhm... never) at the top of my list. But, it was my boyfriends 21st birthday, and he'd been talking about going here for a while. Knowing that they had a pretty good drink selection, I decided to take him.. . The place is smack in the middle of Downtown/Old Town Scottsdale, so be sure to arrive a bit early and be able to walk a little ways, because they don't have their own private lot (it's all street parking). Anyhow, the outside is very plain and simple- like an actual Spanish missionary-type building. Despite the simplicity to the exterior, the interior is so much more lavish. So much up-scale decor and style, I was blow away! . . Anyhow, we sat down and had the most pleasant and nice waitress that we've had in a while at any dining experience. She had short blonde hair and was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and seemed to genuinely care. She took our drink orders and was so nice about it being my boyfriends birthday! After checking ID, she brought us the blood orange margarita and the watermelon mojito. According to the boyfriend, both drinks were really good and really strong-- I guess that's a good thing considering the drinks are pretty pricey- $12-14 a piece. . . Anyhow, when she came back we ordered the tableside guacamole to start. Awesome concept, you get you add in exactly what you want, you get to determine how spicy you want it (we got the hot version) and you get to watch it being made! Aside from the interesting concept, the guacamole itself was SO good. I really haven't had fresh guac like that ever. The only downside is that the portion is a tad small for $12. . . Our waitress came back in a timely fashion, and took the time to explain the menu in detail to us. We ended up ordering the barbacoa tacos and the crispy rock shrimp tacos. The wait for the food was short, and when they came out I was amazed. I have NEVER, EVER, EVER eaten a taco that mind-bogglingly delicious. How it works for the tacos is you get three tiny little housemade tortillas that come with heaps of meat or shrimp or whatever you decide on top- kind of like an open-faced sandwich concept. Anyhow, the rock shrimp were my favorite. The shrimp were cooked to crispy perfection, but not overly-battered. The shrimp tasted fresh and juicy, and the cabbage and such that came with it was delicious as well. Make sure to squeeze some fresh lime on top for an extra kick! My boyfriend ordered the barbacoa tacos, and they were honestly amazing as well. I've really never eaten meat that tender in my life. It was super flavorful and melt in your mouth delicious! . . Once we finished, we waited a bit for our plates to get cleared, but to our surprise our waitress brought us a sparkler with a complimentary dessert for my boyfriends birthday. The dessert was a warm pumpkin bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream, and gosh was it delicious. I would most definitely recommend it. The service got pretty slow toward the end of our meal, but honestly it didn't really deter too much from the great food. . . The bill came- around $80, but I was so willing to pay the price for a great meal and good service (FINALLY)! Would most definitely recommend to anyone looking to try something out of the box!
Whoa! I was so happy when I was taken here while in Scottsdale.  This food is great and seeing as we don't have the best Mexican food where I'm at this was perfect.  There was quite a few of us that were here - total of about 8 people and we were seated quickly.  I heard this place is really popular so calling ahead is suggested.  I started off with the drink menu and I got a variety of drinks, honestly, I forgot what I drank prior to the tequila that we got.  Anyways, I was told that I had to get the guac both spicy and mild so we ordered them both.  The spicey had a nice kick to it and it was delicious.  It was so good that I was craving for more.  It was a little insane to have such a guac crave after lots of drinks but it was the best guac I've had thus far.  We ordered so many appetizers I think we cleared the entire menu and then went straight for the tacos.  There were so many of us that we just ordered a variety of tacos and they were amazing.  At the end we were so stuffed I wasn't sure i would be able to go out dancing again but needless to say the Mission hit the spot!  You can't miss this if you're in town.  I'm planning my next vacay to Arizona and we are definitely going to be going here and then hit up the nightlife.  Awesome spot and could really be dangerous if you came for a happy hour -- 6pm will turn into 12am very quickly!
We came up to visit a group of friends for lunch after dropping our son at the University of Arizona in Tucson.  They had selected this place based on reviews and word of mouth but nobody in our party had been.  They will be frequent guests now and we will be wishing we were coming to Scottsdale more often.  Our waiter was fabulous - very knowledgeable; chips were never left empty, guacamole was something I will dream about; meals were just amazing (I had the pork tacos and they were the best ever); the pumpkin bread pudding was the lightest most mouth watering dessert I have had in a long time; atmosphere was impressive.  I would highly, highly recommend.  we are in awe!
Our dinner at Mission closed our trip to Phoenix on a truly wonderful meal, and meeting. My husband and I were privy to a charming conversation with the manager whose passion for food and drink make it clear why Mission is so enjoyable. . San Francisco has spoiled us with amazing food choices, which makes it difficult to enjoy dining when traveling. Mission is a gem! The food, drinks, and ambience are sublime. Rarely have we read menus that made it hard to order - the drink and food choices really make you wish for more stomach space. Every bite and sip was so enjoyable. This meal might just have ruined our tastebuds for our hometown food.
Had dinner here while on a recent vacation. I absolutely loved this restaurant. The spanish mission style is so beautiful and pleasing to my spanish style loving eye. They've created a lovely environment. The owner is very nice, staff was as well but I have to say that the Chef is clearly trying too hard with the menu. The dishes are over thought and pretentious. I think that the food should be uncomplicated. I'm not suggesting they do standard Mexican fare, rather that they keep a dish's integrity. They put things toghether on a plate that do not make sense to the palate. I think they need to do the regional foods of Mexico and elevate those dishes instead of doing a "Latin inspired"  menu with no cohesion. Having said that, I found that the sides were the stars of the menu... the popcorn grits were out of this world , as was the guacamole.  Overall I would highly recommend this restaurant, however I would caution one to pay attention to ingredients and stick with simpler dishes.
The Mission is wham, bam, thank you ma'am.  I absolutely love this place.  It's perfect SW food and even more so for the spicy food lover.  When you go for dinner, make sure you get there a little bit early and imbibe in a couple of drinks from their very experienced and knowledgable bartenders.  Yes, they can even make you an Avocado Margarita.  Sounds gross doesn't it?  Give it a try. . . A couple of must-try's on the appetizer menu include the Street Corn (it's a bit sweet but very flavorful) and the Lamb Ribs, which is one of the tastiest things you will ever eat.  The entree menu is filled with several excellent choices- my two favorites are the Chilean Salmon and the Chorizo Pork Shoulder.  Both are melt-in-your-mouth amazing.  Make sure you add the poblano grits for a side.  . . As for dessert, well I'm usually back at the bar drinking mine.
Killer dining. Just awesome. We had the Duck Carnitas Empanada, the Braised Shortrib, and the Chorizo Porchetta. Wow. . . Also, absolutely stellar service by a gentleman whose name I cannot recall, but who wears glasses, has short black hair, and manages part time. . . This is such a great restaurant, so glad they are doing well. There are a lot of substandard Mexican/Latin restaurants in the Phoenix area. But The Mission is so good.  Highly recommend.
Love this place! We visit Scottsdale every year and this is one of our must go places. Our favs are the table side guacamole, chicken tostadas, tacos, and for dessert, the espresso churros. :)
I love this place.  Everything we had was amazing,  I thought the pork belly was truly the best presentation and cooked I've ever had.  The drinks are expensive but very good, I'm loving jalapeno margaritas and they make a decent one.  The scallop tacos were another favorite tat stood out.  I'll def be back many times
This place for real has the best service I've ever had at any restaurant. When a restaurant has perfect service, it really adds to the whole overall experience. Everyone is so personable (and being at a fancy restaurant in Scottsdale, it's really hard to find a place where the staff is both friendly and respectful). The food here is excellent; the scallop tacos and Alaskan Halibut are some of my favorites along with the pumpkin bread pudding. Would give it 10 stars if I could!
My absolute favorite place for fusion Mexican food. The pairings are definitely a spin on the palette. The combination of unique flavors on one plate is definitely a must see if you're in the area. . . The drinks are also a great combination but not at 'unique' as the plates. . . The atmosphere is dark but the servers are knowledgable of the menu and attentive to your needs. The outside patios on a good day are definitely a must.
Definitely a 5 star restaurant! Hubby and I were here today for a late lunch/early dinner date. Very unassuming from the outside but wow, it's amazing on the inside. A bit dark until your eyes adjust but it's a beautiful setting. Perfect for anything. We sat at the community table in the bar and even at 2pm on a Sunday it was still fairly busy. Server Angeline was very attentive and made good recommendations. Honestly I don't think you can go wrong with anything in this place. The street tacos are small but extremely flavorful and filling. I had the pork and hubby had the shrimp. Table side guacamole is a must and I don't think I've had better salsa anywhere in the Valley. This is a definite return for me!
Very good Mexican food!!!. I love the place -   Have been there several times and never gotten disappointed.  Important to make reservation even if it's a week day because after 7pm is packed daily.  High quality Mexican food.  Excellent tequilas - most try the mission margarita and the table side guacamole while browse the menu. If you go to Scottsdale must go to the mission a bit pricey but worthy.
I'm not sure how anyone can give this place less than a 5+. Service is top-notch and gracious as can be. They are busy here folks but you won't know it as you are seated and treated to their very best. Margaritas are pure and simple - try the 1/2 calorie Primarita Margarita or the smoky Smokehouse margarita. Both are clear winners. The tableside guacamole is chunky and spiced to your liking, and filled with flavor. You'll see that little silver cup and think it's not enough for your table, but it truly is. And the chips are divine as well. Our party of five enjoyed the tecate skirt tacos, scallop tacos, fresh halibut, butternut squash tacos, and pork shoulder. The steak tacos were the best we've ever had - our number one fave of the evening. Everything else was uber-tasty too. Dessert was a pumpkin bread pudding that was out of this world. I can't wait to go back!!!
First and only time I had been to The Mission was for drinks at a social mixer before the group headed to another venue for dinner -- that was back in 2009. When two of my closest Chicas suggested we head here for Happy Hour, I was excited!. . I was seated at the Bar and enjoyed an Iced Tea before the girls arrived. As soon as they arrived, we were seated. We were in good hands with Kristin, our Server. Appetizers were delish! I loved their Spicy Chicken Wings! Chicken Tacos were perfect! This would be ideal to bring my Partner for a nice dinner -- he would love this place.. . Good friends, fabulous conversation & great food & service...Five Stars, Baby!!!. . CHEERS***
Extra double yum.  The cucumber jalepeno margarita is outstanding.  My food was absolutely delicious and I can't wait to go back.  Service was fantastic and the place has great ambiance.
The food and drinks here are amazing. I had the mango and jicama salad to start with and the steak tacos for lunch.  The primarita margarita was delicious too. The tortillas are fantastic as was the beef.  I want to come back on my next trip out to Arizona, this place was wonderful and so was the service. Loved the hostess that is a student at ASU, she is lovely.... great place!!!
What can I say...This place has it all! From the ambiance, service, food, and drinks! They serve up the BEST guacamole table side as you choose what you would like put in it and how spicy you would like it. The Pork Belly Pibil is a signature dish that many of my friends have recommended and is the Grilled Street Corn (One of my favorites!) and Green Chile Duck Confit. If you like dessert you def have to try the pumpkin cake with vanilla ice cream! I sometimes go here just for that!
Excellent ambiance. Excellent service. Food was all above expectations. Drinks were perfect. Portions and price were on point. Very dark outside to the point you can't read the menu, but that's what the iPhone flashlight is for! I will go back because I literally want to try the entire menu.
Overall, this was a fantastic experience, and I want to go again whenever I am back in town.. . We had a three-course meal, and every course was fantastic. I had a watermelon basil mojito, and it was just sweet enough for my tastes and was smooth and delicious. . . The first course was a pork belly lettuce wrap. I liked the crispiness of the pork belly and how you get an overall nice flavor. . . We next had a kale salad. I loved this salad. It had a great dressing with a kick to it.I am not sure what all went into it, though I will have it when I make it back to The Mission.. . For our final course, we had three different types of tacos. The beef tacos were delicious. The chicken tacos were very tender. I think the pork tacos were likely my favorite -- they were juicy and tender. I was surprised by how tiny the tortillas were -- that wasn't a negative, just unexpected.
Absolutely the best food, service and presentation I have ever experienced!   I live on the East Coast, travel weekly and experienced many restaurants across this country.  The Mission tops them all in every way.   Hope to return to Phoenix very soon.
It was a perfect romantic dinner by the fireside.  Our waiter was very professional and knowledgeable about the menu and had excellent recommendations, the outdoor courtyard table right in front of the fireplace was as romantic as it gets, and the entire atmosphere was dreamy.  The food did not disappoint neither.  We had the pork belly to start with- cooked perfectly tender with avocado mousse and spicy mustard on the side- the boyfriend even said it was better than his entree!  . . I had the pork shoulder as main and the boyfriend had the flank steak.  The pork shoulder was charred and crispy on the edge and tender on the inside, every bite was heaven, paired with a very good Merlot.  The flank steak was very good, according to the boyfriend, as well.  We were too full to get dessert but I heard good things about the chocolate churro.. . Although pricy, but definitely worth a visit.
I was lucky enough to get to eat here during a quick trip to Scottsdale for work last month. Side note: I think everyone should get to take a work trip to Scottsdale sometime. It seems like the best city in the country for a work trip! . . The Mission had two private tables set up on the outdoor patio. The outdoor fireplace was a big hit with our crowd. We started with wonderful chips and delicious, fresh guacamole. I truly could have sat there and eaten nothing but guacamole all night and been happy as a clam, but they just kept bringing out delicious food. We had a Taco Tuesday menu that consisted of several different tacos. The beef was my favorite, because I loved the cut of the meat (skirt) and the flavor of the seasonings. I also got to try the chicken and the pork shoulder tacos, but the steak stood out to me. . . The margaritas were plentiful and so delicious. They just kept coming, and we kept drinking them. I think some other people ordered specialty cocktails, but I'll always have the margarita when dining Mexican, especially at a such a renowned place as the Mission.. . I will definitely come back here next time I'm in Scottsdale, which I hope is sometime very soon.
This is my favorite place in AZ, a must stop every time I am in town!. . I always order the same thing: table side guac, blood orange margarita, and the mahi-mahi tacos. Soooo GOOD!
One of the best places to go in Scottsdale. Absolutely perfect. Service, food, drinks... Everything. Don't miss this one. Price is probably on the upper end but not bad. I recommend this place to everyone.
You know those people who are all "oh THIS isn't real Mexican food" -- yeah. I'm one of those. Usually in my head of course, but still. That's why I'm always wary of Mexican food in other places - even in AZ, which has a legit stake in the purveyance of delicious Mexican.. . The Mission then was a fabulous adventure whereby I immediately regretted my restricting belt and longed for the welcome spandex comfort of something a little less buckled. We had delicious guac, excellent sangria, a spicy kale salad that will inspire home dinners to come, the only pork belly I've probably ever liked, incredible bistek and pork and lettuce wraps. . . It's my personal mission to get back to the Mission as soon as I can.
Great food. Very creative and unique combinations of flavors.  Great selection of tequila as well.
Took my parents to dinner Saturday and it was outstanding. I ordered the duck and it tasted like angels cooked it in heaven. Margarita was clean and delicious and not too sweet. Guac was extra tasty because it had toasted pumpkin seeds. I can't wait to go back. Get a seat inside because it is chilly this time of year.
I just had one of the best meals ever.  I cannot comment on the entire menu but the chorizo stuffed pork shoulder is so good!  My friend sitting across from me said that he's never seen anyone happier.  Great place with atmosphere. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
We went to The Mission to celebrate some news that my boyfriend had, and it was an EXCELLENT choice might I add (on both the news, and the restaurant). Due to us arriving a little later in the night, just before closing, the service was still prompt with great suggestions..... . As we both have never been to the The Mission, we entrusted him to select multiple items for us, and each dish came out perfectly, and savory.. . The service was excellent with great customer service and quality. The ambiance was gorgeous and classy. I loved the layout, as well as the dimming of lights, architecture, and design of the environment. . . It's a great date place to go. Very romantic and classy. Although it is classy, you do not have to dress up. You can still go very much in casual nice attire. . . Great recommendation!
From the moment we stepped in, our experience was outstanding. Reservation confirmed via phone, promptly seated, and perfect lighting in a historic building. Our server was well spoken and very knowledgeable, but most of all he was attentive. The food was among the best upscale Latin cuisine I've encountered. It's an insult to call this a Mexican restaurant, because people will go in expecting Spanish rice and chimichangas. Instead, you have the pleasure of dining on pork confit with cilantro inside a fresh tortilla warmed on a salt block at your table. Just a wonderful experience from top to bottom.  Bravo!
Awesome food. The duck is excellent the pork shoulder tacos were really great as well. Be sure save room for the pumpkin bread pudding.
Good thing the meal was good and the waitress was personable and helpful, because the hostess staff was clueless. They were about to seat us outside, and I said we want to eat inside, and they said, well, we confirmed with a confirmation phone call that you were seated outside. I said, I received a confirmation call, but no one said anything about our seating arrangements. They said to give them a minute, and they did end up seating us inside.  It wasn't a big deal from what I could tell, but they made it their drama. Ok, so the real review... Yes, Yes, YES! The pozole soup was delicious. My husband had the duck empanada, which was too big to be an appetizer - tasty, but too much food. My meal was scallops perfectly prepared and pleasingly presented. My husband had the pork shoulder - tender and well seasoned. The white bean puree that came with the pork was really a treat.  We were too full for dessert, but the mojitos during our meal made up for the absence. Our waitress helped make our mea fun and pleasant - she knew the menu, could answer our questions and made good suggestions.
Awesome authentic Latin cuisine. Great tortas. Awesome staff.The tacos are good the table side guacamole  was good. Good atmosphere. The margarita section is great too
