This place is changing right before our eyes! Upon looking at other reviewers there was massive amounts ofrenovation being done to the whole hotel. We got a great deal on one of the Oasis Suites for our honeymoon under $100 per nt. It included a strip view room with a 2 person Jetted tub and a lovely shower. A lot of the amenities in the Hotel are awesome. There is a Starbucks and Several restaurants on site. we ate at the Top of the World Restaurant for lunch and the Family pool was closed so we used their normal adults only topless pool which is temporarily a family pool while the original pools were renovated. It is on the strip but nowhere near any of the famous attractions. I love staying in this area since its far less congested. I would stay here again for a good price for like a celebration such as an anniversary. And every staff member is very helpful.
To me this place was well worth the price!! I stayed there with my husband and 2 kids, and my sis and her husband stayed 1 room down from us. We got a free upgrade to the 23rd floor for free so we could be by eachother! The staff was super friendly and helpful! The room was very nice and the view was amazing! Loved that we got free unlimited access to the tower too. Lots of stuff at the hotel too! Buffet, Starbucks, McDonalds, tons of shops and even an arcade!! The room was very nice, clean, not run down at all! This was my 4th time to Vegas and this hotel was my best experience by far! I will be staying here again and for around $40 a night...it was a great deal! I'd totally recommend this hotel. If you want a decent hotel that offers a lot at a great price!
This hotel is amazing very clean friendly staff and the rooms are immaculate all for a low cost. There is a lot to do you don't have to even leave your hotel rides, gambling and a beautiful roof top view love it!!
Old. Needs update. Refurbish. Smells like cigarettes. Not crowded casino floor. All this and yet, comfortable.
Came here on a Friday - Sun.  Our room was on the 11th floor and we paid about $200.. . The room was very clean, sleek and the beds, OMG sooooooo comfortable.  It felt like being on a marshmallow.  . . This place is difenetely far from the strip but you can always get the 24 hour bus pass for $7 so you don't have pay for a taxi.  From the Stratosphere to Circus Circus, it's $8 on a taxi.  If you don't want to wait for the bus, you can always rent a scooter for $30 for 24 hours and drive around wherever you want.. . The swimming pool could have been a lot better but atleast you get a nice view of the city since it's on the 8th floor of the hotel. . . There's lots of slots and the tables start at $5 minimum.  I didn't really have much luck with the slots but my boyfriend did win $40 on a slot machine.  Lucky him.  I won $10 on Roulette.  The tables here are kind of harsh, we went through $120 in like an hour.  . . If you want to get a great view of the city, go to the tower and you'll have to pay $16 for each person.  I haven't gone myself but i've heard it's def. worth it.  . . They always have really good prices for rooms as it is far from the strip but there's always the bus and rental scooters.
Great hotel just wish we had reserved a suite as only the suites have jaquezis,next time!
Can not say enough about this super cool place.. . always on the great price side unlike, MGM, LUXOR. . great casino, good choice of table games and slots.. . clean and always upbeat there, the shops above are great, good bargins to be had, good mexican food and some nice clothes shops.. . The Tower, AMAZING. look over Las Vegas at night and you'll see how big the city really is.. . If you ever go TRY to get MEME she is a reservation clerk, she is friendly, great smile and very helpful.. . CHEERS TO THE STRAT..... . GO HERE!
Ate dinner here was way over priced $85 for a four course meal but, I didn't leave hungry. If you are a thrill seeker it's a must to go on at least one of the rides on the 108th floor that hang off the roof.
I want to clarify, it's 5 stars if you don't eat at the restaurant. . . Our ears popped in the elevator to the 112th floor  my fiance, our reverend, photographer and my fiances friends/ our witnesses looked at each other excitedly not knowing what kind of wedding this would be. Stratosphere was clearly designed with a nature to excite wonder and astonishment and having my wedding here truly embodied the Vegas wedding experience. . . Service was prompt and punctual. The reverend and photographer showed up on time with a bottle of champagne for us to enjoy and our vouchers to a thrill ride of our choice. . . We got to the 112th floor where our ceremony was to be held and I gasped in amazement. "HOLY SH**!!!!!!" I seriously yelled that when I saw the city of sin beneath us from such high altitude. Hell never looked so gorgeous! It was even more perfect that we exchanged vows so high up in the clouds that I actually felt like we were being wed right under God just high enough from Hell but still with the thrill of getting married in the sinful decadence that is the Vegas desert. . . The reverend said such beautiful vows for us and made us laugh the entire time and it was one of the most memorable experiences I've ever had in my life. . . Our experience was topped off with a thrill ride that was scary enough to send me to the hospital and a meal of mediocrity at the restaurant, which is probably one of the weaker aspects of the stratosphere. . . Our first meal as a married couple was at the Stratosphere restaurant. The view was there but the food was lacking. Like I said: a meal of mediocrity. We ordered two filet mignon and when they finally arrived it was the source of all jokes. My husbands friends looked at our plates and laughed. Here is the string of jokes that followed: . .  "Well, when it said petite filet mignon I wasn't expecting MEDALLION" . . "The only way this would be acceptable is if it was wrapped with bacon". . "This is literally bite sized" I said, then proved it as I put the ENTIRE THING IN MY MOUTH and chewed through it. Our table erupted in laughter either shocked the steak was that small or my mouth was that big. . . I wanted to order dessert but decided if dessert was anything like the meal I'd be better off ...
My boyfriend and I recently stayed here and it was the best first Vegas experience ever. The staff was very friendly and were always willing to help us. The rooms were really nice and the view from the top of the tower was beautiful. I will definetly be staying here next time I go to Vegas.
We were there for 5 days and nights and it was fabulous! We also had our wedding reception there, and the staff was courteous, efficient and always so helpful.  We were given room discounts and upgrades by the hotel Mgr. who was so very happy to help with everything...our coordinator, the buffet manager, the hotel staff TOP NOTCH! Don't let the lower rates here fool you, it doesn't affect the service or facility at ALL
I was really taken care of well here by a customer service manager after some minor confusion with a reservation - if you have never been to the top of the tower at night this is a must do in Vegas. Enjoy!
Very tall, and a bit of a cab ride from the strip. However, it's totally worth it to go up to the top and just look down at the city or go on one of several rides that take you above Las Vegas.
I love this place!  A bit off the beaten path, but it's less crowded and pretentious than Bellagio.  Good cheap drinks, plenty of room at nickel slots, a nice restaurant at the top, and an "interesting" evening show.  Don't take kids to that!! . . It has a strange old-school charm overall.  Starbucks on the first floor, a copious buffet, and a 50's diner complete your culinary options.  Parking is free!  . . Room itself was on the bare bones side and bathroom had the cheapest shower curtain I've ever seen, but the view rocked.. . Go to the top floor for a panoramic rotating view of Vegas!
Un des celebrissime cafe de la chaine.. Amateurs de cafeine, ici vous trouverez tout !. froid chaud fort serre tout
Sure you can see it from anywhere on the Strip, but is the Stratosphere really worth the trip?  I can only speak from a customer service standpoint as we did not stay in the hotel, but I was nothing but impressed by way we were treated in this hotel.. . We were on a scavenger hunt as part of the Yelp Spring Break weekend, and one of our challenges was to get a picture in the elevator of the Stratosphere.  Belly's full of custard from Luv It, we decided it was worth a shot to ask if we could just get a picture in the elevator without actually going to the top.  What we thought would be a simple yes or no turned into a full blown tour of the upper tower of the Strat, with no stone left unturned.  . . The fact that one of their staff would take time out of their day to show us around was totally unexpected and gracious.  I would come and stay here simply because of the phenomenal customer service.  Hats off to you Stratosphere, you've won my heart.. . 5 Stars
I liked this place... Even the ride on the very top is beyond scary... . . The Big Shot but I had to try it...! Its an experience beyond words..!. The Air Bar- is awesome, you get to see the entire city from above--from floor 108 I believe...! . My friends Bachlorette Party was at the 15th floor suite. . The suite was fantastic, very roomy and super clean.
We booked at tripres and opt to pay 15 dollars more for the upgraded-remodeled room.. with a great view of the surrounding area... the room had 2 double beds and the decor is very pretty and modern. . . It is pretty romantic too since it has a touch of red.  We had an infant with us and brought a travel playpen crib which fit nicely in the corner but the room was fairly small. . .  If you are planning to have more than 2 ppl spending the night it will probably be very cramped. there is very little walking area... just enough for one person to walk at a time. haha  there is a cute small one seater, a flat screen tv (maybe 32-40 inches, not too sure), on top of a dresser and the bathroom is newly remodeled so it is nice and clean!. . The lady at the front desk was very nice, since we had  a baby we requested for a room near the elevator and she was very helpful!!!
Me and my husband stayed at the stratosphere hotel in 2011 from May 3rd-May 6th because I got a great deal thru travelocity. They have three really cool rides and bungy jumping on the top of the tower. There hotel is the tallest in Las Vegas and has the best view. There's also a bar, and you can just chill relax on the couches, have a drink , take pictures of the strip. Inside the casino they have nice little gift shops, good hot dogs, dollar jello shots. We ate a restraunt where they sang old 70's songs and dresses up, it was really cool and different. And everytime I gambled at cesars palace or any other casino I lost quick , but when I played at stratosphere I won. The room was nice. A little far from the main strip , but kinda good because not too much traffic. I really enjoyed. Would and will recommened and go again.
Views are amazing and the rides are nuts.  Yeah, it's a little pricey to ride the rides...but where else can you swing out over a city like this?  If anything, it's fun to watch people freak out trying to get themselves to go on the rides.  Had a blast!
Had my wedding here last week and had the best time of my life, had the Oasis room. Great size room, huge bathroo with shower and hot tub. The wedding was amazing, top with a killer view. The only thing I would suggest is going to the main strip to gamble, not much of a selection. Aso the smoking here is 5x worse then other casinos. But I would most definatly come back...great room, great view, great price, lved it!
Lindsey the best customer rep... 5 stars for her..told u Lindsey I yelp you..thank you
What a beautiful hotel with great service. Stayed here two nights in a suit and everything was perfect. Had the best house keeper I think his name was Estaban. Saw two shows here one was Frankie M it was fine but there topless vampire show Bite was nothing but amazing.
All i can say, is from the last time i came to this casino, the inside seemed so dull and non inviting.  . Came here this weekend, and everything has changed.  Looks really nice inside. Open space, with a main bar in the middle of the casino..  Casino itself was as a good size.
I had a decent experience at Stratosphere- both stay and casino!. I booked 2 nights and 3 days, but due to my stupid drunk liver, I had to spend 1 day staying in the bed.. Luckily, I won $120 and something at casino, which led me to extra 1 night at here! great compensation for hangover!. Clean bedroom, bathroom.. Friendly staffs, fine parking lots.. I would definitely stay here again at my next trip to vegas.. I still have 20 hour to stay at here but I already miss this place.. If you are not coming here with your car, might have to walk a bit to the strip.
LOVE, LOVE the Stratosphere!!! Even my kids love it and ask me when are we going there again ;). . What I love:. . The CHEAP rooms - even with the priciest upgrade, like Strip view superior level, the price is really low. The view is wonderful from superior levels, either strip or mountains side, we stayed in both during our visits. Some rooms have a smaller window than others, so try to get a room with a larger window, they offer a much better view. We had flat screen TVs in our rooms.. . Stratosphere is one of the few hotels in Las Vegas that won't charge you extra for the children. As I know, only Circus, Circus doesn't charge for kids either (but I would never stay there, the atmosphere it's just like its name, a circus) and Excalibur (well, maybe we'll try this one sometimes in the future, but I think they have higher hotel fees). So, if you come here with your family, and you want to avoid the extra ~$30/child/night, Stratosphere is a very good choice.. . We LOVE THE FOOD AT THEIR BUFFET, DEFINITELY TRY IT!!!!!! Every single thing that we tried there is exquisite. If you get an ACE player card, you get a nice discount at the buffet.. . Love also the pool at the 8th level. Even at Thanksgiving time it was warm enough to have a good time.. . Parking is plenty and it's free, never had a problem finding a spot, even late at night.. . The hotel is a bit far on the strip, but you can either take your car and park for free at any other hotels on the strip, or you can ride the bus. Walking is not an option, is too far from anything. Maybe one-way, but for the way back you will be too tired.. . Also love that they offer to their guests free unlimited entrance to the tower. If you are not a guest there, the entrance can be pricey. Never tried the rides, too scary!!. . Stratosphere, see u next time!
So glad that I took the trip up here to ride the rides at the top of the Stratosphere. I got the unlimited ride package and rode each ride twice, which took a little over an hour on a Saturday night. Some of my best photos of my Vegas vacation were taken up here.
We came here for our Valentine's Day Vacation. When we arrived the bellman greeted us and directed us to check in. We waited maybe 5 minutes (this was at 4pm), the front desk agent was super professional and knowledgeable. We had a letter waiting at concierge and she was very friendly too. Total check in time was around 10 minutes and we were off to our room. My husband secretly booked us their newly remodeled "spa king" suite. So when we entered the room I nearly passed out because there was a HUGE tub in the bathroom!! Yay!!! On the 22nd floor you get an excellent view of the north part of the strip and from this particular suite we could watch people riding the "sky jump". The room was very clean, and the bed was comfortable. Room service is excellent here too! Yummy breakfast and friendly staff. . . The stratosphere tower is expensive if your not staying here and I wouldn't recommend it otherwise. However, we went to their Level 107 lounge and had the happy hour special. Buy 1 get 1 free martini's!!!! OMG these are good! And after awhile I forgot about the height and didn't mind the slight building movements I felt. So definitely go there if your staying here!. . The pool isn't heated but there were a few brave souls in there anyway. And we needed a few minutes of respite so we hung out for 20 minutes or so in the spa. The staff are friendly and offered us towels. It was really nice to just relax from a busy day!. . The casino isn't as busy as some of the other casino's so we were able to enjoy all of our favorite games easily. It's not smoky as some other yelpers metioned. Our blackjack dealers were awesome! And the drink girls came around often. Actually, they came around so often I was a little worried that security wouldn't let us on our flight home!!! . . The spa was good for our pedicures, not what I expected for a resort though. We got right in and the lady was really nice. Can't remember her name but she had really short blonde spiky hair. . . Our only issue was valentine's day as we had reserved a rental car from Budget to drive to our couples massage. The lady was rude and since I don't have excellent credit she denied us! We had to literally scramble to make other arrangements! They could have warned us upon reservation. But they are not part of stratosphere so it's not their fault!. . We had a fabulous time and will come back!!!!! Thank you!
This hotel is my favorite! great rooms great staff! and easy to get in and out!!!!!!!!!
Stayed here because of a documentary I saw in my travel and tourism class. I didn't get to enjoy the spectacular attractions since I chickened out but plan to re-visit and unlock my inner dare devil. Hotel was really convenient walking distance to a lot of things on the strip. I did a lot of local things on this trip since my best friend lives in town, stayed away from touristy activities but I dedicated one day to wander and explore the hotels while in Vegas  and I must say Stratosphere was the best, had the perfect vibe, felt comfortable the whole time here.  Everyday I would discover new things about the hotel, restaurants, arcade, shopping stores. Enjoyed myself a great deal.
Well worth the entire 5 minute drive to the heart of the strip to enjoy this breath taking views from the top. Hotel guests get to go up for free as many times as you like!! Awesome lounge at the top that doesn't play music too loud so you can still, you know, converse as humans like to do sometimes. Very friendly staff and clean hotel. Avoid the Starbucks though, absolutely horrible customer service there. But the hotel is great!!
Very clean and comfortable. Views of walls from standard rooms.
Best view of the strip...great breeze...its quiet a bit far from the happening part of the strip...so take a cab...we walked from venetian to here...its not too far but the heat makes it feel like 100 miles.... But you cannot beat the view from up here at night...the contrast between the land outside Vegas and the lights of Vegas...its almost like a painting on a black background....
I am rating this based on the price of the hotel.  If I paid more per night I would probably expect more; however, I thought everything was great for the price.  The rooms were clean and almost always quiet.  The pool wasawesome with a beautiful view.  I went to of the restaurants inside which were also good.
The FRANKIE MORENO SHOW. . The BEST MUSICAL SHOW IN VEGA$$!!!. Frankie Moreno is no joke. This dude is simultaneously hilarious and sensitive. Tender and a holy terror. I love watching him perform and I also love waiting to see what the heck he's gonna do next. And WHATEVER he finally ends up doing is something just a tad thrilling!!!. The shows has been revamped since its opening and its streamlined and slicker, but that has opened the show up so that the other musicians get featured with him. It's all so...tasty!. What a great fuckin' night!!!
Its funny how things sometimes go. I had two use them or loose them comps at Venetian/Palazzo but they had a lot of block out dates and frankly, they have gotten stingy on their comps and force you to stay on Venetian side.  SO, I got an offer in the the mail for a couple free nights and learned they they do not do blackout dates to their clients. I decided being free and all to go ahead and stay here. WOW! What a change from any other time I have been here!. . Check In que line took me less than 1 minute, and about 5 minutes to complete check-in registration. Nearly everyone that I came across working was friendly on the day and swing shifts. Graveyard seems to be their weakest staff. . . Upon getting to my room, it had appeared to have been cleaned minutes before and was a decent job, though cigarette ashes abound in the safe area. The next day I did not head out until after noon so was hoping (but not expecting) my room cleaned by the time I got back. Well, it was very clean! Housekeeping did good. . . It is notable to mention that they have seem to have done some what of a turnaround on many of their past customer service issues. The pit boss and two dealers I had during my first night were so friendly and professional..the way it should be and used to be at before mentioned Palazzo.. . Minus throwing away a bit on Megabucks (with not one single hit, not even a $3), the slot machines actually were all paying off pretty well. Maybe I was just a little lucky, but this whole trip cost me very little for a nice time. I may not have walked away even, but  I didn't loose much and that was mainly due to constant eating and constant drinking :) . . The A/C actually worked great in my room this time around as well as the heat. No complaints at all.
This place is great. To the fellows the guy to chick ratio is 1 to 10 every guy there is 10 chicks. A lot sexy honeys be up in here. The staff is sexy. C Bar is great place to meet people. The Tower is awesome. They have a real gym so you can get jacked before you hit the pool. The pool is nice it's on the 8th floor. The prices are cheap. I feel like I robbed them everytime I stay.
I have stayed here for at least 5 times already. . The first time I stayed here with 5 friends and we booked a suite, which did not look like a suite with me. It was just a little bit bigger than standard room and had a sofa bed in addition to the 2 queen beds. Plus, the room looked really old. . The second time, I stayed at the select room which was newly renovated. It was pretty standard and clean. Good size. Bathroom is not updated but acceptable. . The other times I stayed here for free or almost free, because I got a player card here and I gambled. They started sending me room offers after one month I got a players card. Most of the offers are pay 1st night for $20 and get the second night free. Even though the rooms here are not fancy like Venetian, which I absolutely love and miss. But come on!! How I can resist the $20 for 2 nights deal and pay $300+ for Venetian. I would rather save the difference for food or gambling. . The casino here is actually not bad at all. Lots of slots like other hotels. Decent amount of blackjack table. For poker players, they do have a poker room, even though it can't compare to Venetian and Caesars,but my friend who play poker said it does not matter where you play. It depends on the fellow players. . For people who are planning on staying here and come to vegas all the time, I would recommend to get a players card, and play some slots. Then you will start receiving offer in mail or online for cheaper room. By the way, the managers told me the room offers have no blackout date, which I can also use it on holidays or new year eve, and that's not other hotels would offer. . The only down side is that this place is all the way north of the strip, and I would not walk on street in this area because it's more ghetto. So having a car is pretty important. I personally am fine with it because I always drive to vegas and I dont walk on the strip too much.
I've stayed here several times over the last couple years. . . I can't complain. The rooms are at reasonable rates. If you want a better view, you just have to plan on paying more. The location is great, being right in the middle of everything you can visit the other hotels on the Strip, head out west to the Red Rocks Canyon area for hiking, or southeast to Boulder City. It is also easy to access from the I15 yet far enough north that the traffic that plagues the Strip at all hours usually isn't an issue. . . Given the location, one has to remember that the free stuff (like WiFi) that may go with a Motel 6 elsewhere isn't going to be included. I use my cell phone to tether my iPad. That has always worked well. . . Another thing that I like is the casino level bar will comp drinks with a very low buy in. They are also pretty generous with the comps. Other casinos along the Strip will require a higher buy in, and the drinks are slow in coming.
Stayed here twice. I have no complaints about the hotel except, the second time we stayed, we didn't upgrade and the bathroom sink and mirror was outside of the bathroom. Other than that, we always had a great time. Friendly people and the bus stop is right outside the door.
