The BEST buffet in Vegas. Hands down. . ----------. Let's cut right to the chase. The NYE buffet was everything listed on the holiday menu (INCLUDING LOBSTER, but that was approaching $60/person) - see my photo. . . The lines rivaled those at Disneyland (took almost 90 minutes for the privilege to pay $45/person), but unlike Disney, this feast lasted for hours.. . The buffet highlights include roasted leg of lamb with mint jelly, tender prime rib with Au jus, chinese dumplings with either scallop (or shrimp - Shiu mai), chef's choice which included fois gras and seared scallops.  Also available was the sopresata table (Italian cold cuts, various pickles including banana peppers). . . Other amazing options include roasted pheasant (seriously, when have you EVER had pheasant? I'll bet... Never), and wild mushroom fricasee (seriously delicious - see my Melograno review). . There was at least 40% of the buffet we didn't even hit, because the tour de force of the entire experience met with my finite belly size (I ain't no Kobayashi, and I don't intend to dunk my food into water to help eat more, either). . . The desserts also rocked. Even "simple" items like rice crispy treats, mango & papaya slices, and strawberries were sexed up with freshly dipped chocolate. . . They also had caramel and candied apples; marshmallow lollipops dipped in, you guessed it, chocolate; holiday bread pudding; as well as an ice cream bar with all the fixings. . . Will need to eat plain oatmeal for the next month, but it was worth it. Will definitely be back next time we're in town.
Went here for NYE weekend and they had a holiday menu for about $45, a bit pricey but I was starving and there was no line.. . The verdict: Five stars for FANCY! It is now my new favorite buffet in Las Vegas (Sorry Aria.). . The buffet consisted of a variety of unique dishes. From the dumplings to the baba ganoush...every single thing I put on my plate was tasty! The crab legs were fresh and the desserts were to die for.. . Of the many buffets Vegas has to offer, I highly recommend the Buffet at the Wynn. We all deserve fancy once in a while.
I have a friend who has really good luck in Vegas. When he wins enough money he treats us here and we gorge ourselves until we can barely move. For the price they should provide scooters or gurneys to help overstuffed patrons get out. Just kidding, of course. :D. . I'm not much of a food snob. I'm not too picky. I really like the food. I like the crab legs, and their mashed potatoes are really good. The pumpkin ravioli was strange, but still pretty good once you got used to it. The prime rib is perfection in how cooked it is (rare! so juicy), but I found it a little bit lacking in flavor on the inside (where it is most juicy and delicious). Even the kimchi and Asian stuff in the bamboo steamers are really good (beats some stuff I've had in  the "good" hole-in-the-wall, mom and pop places, believe it or not). The sushi is bleh... mostly California roll-type stuff, nothing special. I never get anything from the ready-made pasta counter because filling yourself up with carbs at a place like this doesn't seem worthwhile. Filling yourself up with crab legs, on the other hand... so worth it! They have a Thai curry station, too, which is really spiffy in my book. Finally, lobster pot pie? A delectable combination of two of my favorite foods: lobster, and pot pie. So awesome. Overall, the selection and quality of food is fantastic. Also, the desserts are really yummy.. . The service is pretty good... drinks are refilled reasonably quickly, and plates are generally cleared away when you're gone (I never saw them clear the plates away but when I got back, they were gone). . . And yes, the lines are comparable to those at Disneyland... except that instead of some boring ride you get to stuff yourself until you're sick... and then some more after that. Mmm, gluttony. Viva Las Vegas!
The Wynn Buffet is good enough to be my last meal on earth. We went over Christmas with the intention of have the buffet for lunch. Arrived at around 12:30 and the line only took about 20mins. After about one plate of food, everything changed to the dinner menu. SCORE. . . Rack of lamb was to die for, lobster ravioli was amazing, the crab legs were prefect, and the veal short ribs just melted in my mouth. I love scallops and they had scallop dumplings! They even had Beijing duck and pheasant. They definitely didn't skimp on any of the ingredients. I think I had a foodgasm eating there. . . My favorite dessert is the champagne mousse. The jello layer definitely has a significant amount of champagne in it. . . Needless to say, I ate too much for my own good. I was in a vegetative state for a good few hours afterwards.
One of the key experiences in Vegas is the buffets and the Wynn tops them all. While the menu items may change, the food quality is always excellent.. . My past favorites are the pre-cracked crab legs, shrimp cocktail, venison, lamb chops, top sirloin, and ALL DESSERT items.. . Come with an empty stomach and be prepared to gorge!. . Quick tip: Try to visit the buffet right as lunch ends and transitions into dinner. Since the buffet stays open during the transition, you'll be able to get dinner items for lunch prices :)
Just came back from Vegas today, and the last thing my girlfriend and I did before returning was to go on our second trip to the Wynn buffet.... . This place gets 5 stars because there wasn't a single thing that I ate that I didn't enjoy. I liked certain things more than others, but everything that touched my plate was fresh and damn good. There's still a lot of food that I wasn't able to try, but my favorites so far would have to be the prime rib, pizza, bacon, and various desserts. With the fast and friendly service, fair prices, and clean facilities, this place is the total package.
Must come back! It was my first time for my boyfriend and I and we agreed that it is the best buffet we have ever dined in Vegas. Sure the price is higher than many other places, but you get what you paid for. The place itself was beautiful, very simple and elegant. It felt like I was in some sort of a tea party environment. The clam chowder soup was delicious, it tasted was it was freshly made. Lots of varieties from different ethnicity such as American, Italian, and Asian food. For Italian food, there's pasta entrees and Asian food had shrimp dumplings (dim sum) and sushi with raw smoked salmon. American food had prime rib, corn on the cob, potatoes, etc. My boyfriend had the best prime rib from here because it was rare just how he liked it. We're both seafood lovers, so we had a generous amount of crab legs and it was sliced in half so no need to worry about cracking the shells. It was also warm so it was just about right to enjoy the crab. The dessert section was something I couldn't end my dinner without. They had marshmallow lollipops (marshmallow dipped in white or chocolate with sprinkles on top) which I thought it was pretty cute and creative for a simple dessert. There were a lots of cupcakes, cakes, and gelato! If only my stomach could devoured it all, I would if I could. The mini red velvet cupcake really caught my eye since it was sprinkled with glitter and I had to get it! I loved it, the frosting itself tasted fresh with real ingredients of a cream cheese frosting. Must eat the crepes, I fell in love with their crepes. It was freshly made from batter with fresh fruits! I had my crepe with fresh strawberries, whip cream, and a bit of chocolate drizzles on the outside. We enjoyed it so much that we're likely to come back and dine here, only if it happens to be on a weekday with no wait :)
Very nice for their holiday menu!!! Excellent!!! Especially the snow crab legs, fresh and tasty. We took 5 dishes of them ! And they have Asian food their, the Chinese toasted pork buns are nice@@ I also strongly recommend their desserts, they are very cute and small so you can taste different flavors:)
I personally am a little afraid of buffets because I can never eat a lot, and I would much rather pay to have my own dish. But, the Wynn Buffet does top all buffets. . . The food is pretty tasty. I love making my way slowly from one section to the next. I hate mixing different types of food. My favorite was the italian and meat/roast section. They had lamb chops that were really good and did not taste even a bit game-y. My favorite was also the risotto! it was too creamy, but it was so tasty. . . The seafood section was alright, there was only king crab. I was expecting some raw oysters or raw fish. . . The servers are awesome, constantly checking up on us, getting the plates out of our way, refilling drinks, making sure we were happy.
The Buffet was AWESOME as always!!! . . Will continue to be a repeat offender here as usual!!!
Oh boy, this is my absolute favorite buffet in Vegas! My mouth waters everytime I think about this place. It's one of the more expensive buffets but their food is high in quality which makes the price worth every penny. The wait is generally always about an hour so it gives you additional time to build up that big appetite and prep you for battle. . . They have a great variety of food selections but I almost always go for the king crab legs and prime rib first. Most buffets will just give you any slice of meat but here, they'll cook the slab well done on one side and rare on the other giving you an option for some bloody-delicious meat. Lots of great tasting food but what really gets me coming here is their dessert selections. Specifically their infamous creme brulee...soooo sooo yummy! It's always perfect everytime and I swear I could eat 3-4 all on my own :). . Vegas is definitely known to have some of the best buffets, and yelpers, this is one of their best!
This is probably the best buffet I've ever had the experience of eating at in my entire life. The quality and freshness of the food is out of this world. It is a very expensive buffet, but is definitely worth eating at if you are ever in the Vegas area. The selection is probably not as diverse as other buffets, but what they do serve is excellent. The only area where I thought the selection could have been better was the salad bar, but who would ever want to eat salad at such a buffet? . . The Alaskan king crabs are probably the finest items served at the buffet. They are only served during dinner, but they are so fresh. They come pre-sliced, chilled, and are mouth-watering sweet. I've never had king crabs this good, not even at Joe's Stone Crab in Miami.
Went here for my birthday! Celebrated the last year of my twenties with the best buffet I've ever had - not just in Vegas.. . Dinner starts at 4PM and is only $39. For $7 more, you can get all-you-can-drink champagne! Score!  . . + clean and well-lit . + really nice ambiance with tall flower displays . + pre-split Alaskan king crab and chilled shrimp with cocktail sauce, tartar sauce, and melted butter . + succulent prime rib (carved to your liking) with creamy horseradish and au jus, awesome, buttery mashed potatoes, and caesar salad. + butternut squash ravioli in a brown butter sauce and pesto gnocchi . + charcuterie and cheese . + spicy panang with naan bread . + a WHOLE BRIGHT AND SHINY ROOM just for desserts including red velvet cupcakes with gold glitter, mini-churro-like donuts, chocolate-covered marshmallows, raspberry mousse, and the BEST (creamiest, vanilla-est) vanilla bean creme brule ever (cue *drool*) . . And that's just the stuff I ate. There was also sushi, salmon, sea bass, lamb, veal, creamy soups, really cute littlesalads, made-to-order pastas, roasted chicken, pizza, ice cream, bread pudding, and made-to-order crepes. . . *mouthful*
Soo many choices, so man miscellaneous gourmet helpings on my plate, I hope I don't pass out before I reach dessert. . . The fruit bar is impressive, they don't put out anything that is under standards, the dessert bar is SO cute, and the entree's speak for themselves. I am going back for thirds and fourths =X. . I was so grateful that the king crab legs were already pre-sawed in half!
Um.. . This buffet... RUUUUUUUUUULED!!! . . On our last day of our beautiful trip we stopped by for breakfast because the Bellagio one was a little disappointing for me.. . I think when people go to Buffets they look for that "kid in a candy store" gut reaction that makes their eyes go wide and their hearts run wild. Well I felt that way when we immediately stepped in to the beautiful decor of this place!. . Blueberry pancakes, cinnamon whole grain french toast, cute little waffles & tons of toppings! Blintzes and little quiches and frittatas. I adored the individualfruitcups, especially the bright pink, fresh grapfruit with a little mint. They had a BAGEL bar!! and a GRANOLA bar!! with the best fresh toasted pecans *everrrr*. The boy and I hoarded a bunch for the flight - what in the hell were on these pecans? They were so good!. . Best of all was the DESSERT room which was assuredly open in its cute little room!!!! One side had tons of breakfast pastries, with some desserts like an amazing vanilla cupcake with strawberry buttercream!!! Sooo good. There were also chocolate covered rice krispee squares! The other side had pies and cake, this awesome peanut butter mouse cake, and a delicious pumpkin spice bar.. . They had lunch food out too - mexican (including a vegan burrito), asian foods (like dumplings and such), and some other roasted meat-type products (can you tell I'm veg yet?). . Service was non-stop, and the waitress gave me my coffee to go! I think what also makes this place so great is the simplicity - brightly lit, so all the colors of the food come out. There is a high presence of the cooks every where, constantly bustling. Also the organization is a lot less stressful, and makes for a great experience. . . This place rocked. I am seriously splurging for dinner next time. !!! The other reviews point me only to more of this delicious glory!
Buffet here is $40 for dinner. My friends and I came late, almost when they were about to close,went in at 10pm, got as much food as we could because food only stayed till 10:45pm we sat there eating for a while and they didnt kick us out. . . Everything here was top quality. They have a lot of choices of food to choose from. Being a non red meat eater, I still had a lot of food to choose from! They have Chinese, Lebanese, Italian, etc. My favorite was the dessert! Their dessert are super high quality and taste delicious. . . Decor inside made me feel like i was having tea with Alice from Alice in Wonderland! . . This probably my most favorite buffet in Vegas.
Had the pleasure of eating at the Wynn Buffet last weekend for Sunday brunch. I guess we lucked out because at 10:30am there was zero line and were seated right away. . . Everything I tried was pretty amazing. Loved the charcuterie bar, some of the best prosciutto I've had.  The dessert room was so cute with all the little goodies they had in there...mini candy apples, marshmallow pops, mini cupcakes etc. . . Yes at about $35 a person it is a little pricey but  we definitely thought it was worth the price tag. Service was excellent as well. Even though they were busy plates were cleared promptly and drinks were filled. . . I will most definitely be back!
Can I say DELICIOUS!  Definitely worth it if you have the money.  Great quality food, good service, and clean dining.  Loved the chandeliers.  Definitely would be a great reception area if you were doing a Vegas wedding.
I recommend eating at this buffet. The food was GREAT and the best part was the dessert!
My friends and I came here twice during our visit partially because we were staying at the Wynn and because it was so delicious the first time. We literally sat for hours so we could digest and then eat more. There was just too much enticing food to handle! Be sure to check out the dessert waffles.
So hitting up a buffetis really a Vegas tradition. Indulgence and excess with value. LV in a nutshell these days. . . So you want to find the best buffet? Look no further. The Wynn is tops after a small buffet tour (yes, better than Bellagio and the newer ones at the Cosmopolitan and Aria). . . Amazing decor and great selection. Food is fresh and filled regularly. Pastas were top notch and so was the dessert selection. If you can get a primo spot in the center isle with the flowers you're golden. . . BEST VALUE TIP - Buy in for lunch around 2:30, $23 and stay until 3:30 for the dinner menu, crab legs and all. YUM
This is the best buffet I have ever been to in my life!. . It felt like I was in the movie Alice in Wonderland because of the way that it was decorated, and I loved it!. . You walk in and there were TONS and tons of flowers and beautiful colors from the walls to the tables and chairs.  My girlfriends and I went for brunch and we stayed for FOUR HOURS! It was $30 for brunch but that included unlimited champagne, hence why we stayed for so long!. . It was well worth it and we got our money's worth, even by Vegas standards!
Love this place! Come here for lunch every time I am in town. The presentation and quality of food is top notch and eye catching. The dessert counter is overwhelming...but I love it! The buffet is always being replenished too. Thumbs up all the way!
This is by far the best Buffet on the strip now. The variety is incredible. Salmon, Crab Legs, Best roasted turkey and prime rib, my oh my. Estimated caloric intake at 4500+.. . The lines get REALLY long fast. Called at 5:30 and no wait. Got there at 6:00 and was about 30 minutes. By 6:30 it was about 45min.  Worth every minute
Best buffet in Vegas.. . Quality, variety, and best of all: QUANTITY. Prime rib, Kobe steak, Alaskan crab, mushroom ravioli - its almost too much. Even the ice cream is legit; they have a counter with a worker dedicated to scooping the stuff all day.. . Even the decorations are nice. The theme of the place is class, with little cursive fonts for the food that make you feel like you're getting good quality grub.. . Only complaint is the sushi, wasn't as appealing or fresh as I'd hoped, but ultimately, the rest of the buffet more than makes up for it.. . If you decide to hit up the buffets at Vegas, do yourself a favor and forget the rest! The $40 dinner cost is definitely worth every cent.
Wynn has a great buffet! It's pricey, but I think it's worth it if you come right before they switch over to the dinner price. That way you pay lunch price and catch the beginning of the dinner food service :)). . I've been here for dinner three times: once on a weekend, once on a weekday, and once on Thanksgiving. I always came pretty early, before 5pm, so the lines are never that long. Except on Thanksgiving. Truly horrendous. . . The buffet food is awesome! Aside from the crab legs and prime rib that everyone always loves, they also have great fish and pasta dishes. Presentation is beautiful, and they portion a lot of the entree foods for you. . . My favorite part is the soup bar! Their soups are delightful! I know it's probably stupid to stuff yourself with soup at a $40 buffet, but I really can't help myself. The soups they have are sweeter, and I always find myself craving them. In fact they're the reason I keep returning to this buffet. A lot of people miss the soup bar because it's in the back near the breads salads and cheese at the end of the buffet people don't usually spend much time. . . The dessert bar is so cute! I always get too greedy here. My favorite is the crepe station. YUM! They also have a fair selection of ice cream/gelato/sorbet :)). . Definitely try The Buffet at the Wynn if you ever find yourself on the Strip, if only just once.
Awesome buffet! So much variety and fresh foods. Seafood, Japanese, Chinese, Italian, soup, american, specialty salad, even antipasto . . I love that they peel the shrimp for you! Every other Vegas buffet I've been to leaves the shell on. They also cut their crab legs in half so it's super easy to eat. . . Dessert is also awesome, mini finger sweets, gelato, fresh mini carmel apples and even a crepe station! . . I was won over - definitely coming back!
This is my first 5 star rating and honestly I would have given it a 10 if there was an option. I would venture to say this was, in my professional buffet brunch goer opinion, perfection. . Homemade Caesar salad station, every fruit you could possibly want plus fruit salads and these amazing little cups of fresh grapefruit segements with mint and brown sugar....seriously sooo freakin good. The Italian station had these flatbread pizzas that looked like nothing special, but tasted delicious, breakfast items and omelette stations (not just one) were also extremely tasty, pulled pork sliders on corn bread muffins are something you rarely see at a buffet, genius. The dessert room was impressive, small gourmet little noshes made so you could indulge in more then one or three :) Homemade gelato that was too die, I had the coconut by the way. Me and a girlfriend were there solong (4 hours) that the food started to switch to dinner items and they also introduced the King Crab legs, which are my favorite and usually a buffet brunch must.. The service was excellent, everyone was super friendly and after 4 hours the champagne was still flowing..  The only thing I do not like is the name...this buffet deserves something so much more luxurious and original !
One word.. . . . Bomb.. . Its a must try when your in town. For lunch/Dinner
Make this one of those meals you budget for on a trip to Vegas.  . . Do lots of cheap buffets to make your dollar last, but take the time to put on a decent shirt and go into the fabulous WYNN hotel and have breakfast at "The Buffet". . . We paid $45 for the bottomless champagne and Bloody Mary's. Worth it. Live it up, you're celebrating life in Vegas!. . Come HUNGRY. It's got a little of eveything. Everything. Amazing seafood, deserts, omellettes to order. Just do it. Be cheap for another meal or 2 to make up for it. . . The experience will add to the trip. It was one of my favorite moments!
O my! I was in heaven. I love food and let me tell ya.....this place was amazing. Crap, steak, shrimp,mashed potatoes, pizza, salad, pasta bar, sushi, Chinese food, and any kind of dessert you could think of. Even had a chef making crepes. mmmm mmmm mmmm. Everything was tasty and the atmosphere is very sheek and sophisticated. Not for the average joe though b/c it was a little pricey. But when your up on roulette.......why not treat yourself to a 5-star dining experience?
Best deal in Vegas. Sea bass alone was with the price of entrance. Desserts as far as the eye can see. Hell, even the Caesar salad was tasty.
Simply amazing. After eating a terrible meal at the Bellagio buffet the night before I used the Wynn to redeem Vegas buffets for breakfast - it was so worth it. For $20 I tried everything but the stand outs were the following:. . banana & strawberries tossed in creme fraiche . vanilla mint yogurt & homemade granola. eggs benedict. salmon eggs benedict. biscuit with gravy. homemade apple chicken sausage . AMAZING bacon!. . Then onto the dessert table - I was a gluten here:. Kiwi banana puree. Vanillia apricot pudding. Cinnamon bun!. Chocolate croissant. Chocolate covered marshmallow. . I could go on but just go yourself - its incredible. BEST buffet is Vegas because of the food, service, and the ambiance.
I have had buffets before but I have never seen anything like the buffet at the Wynn. They have somuch food. Everything from Sushi to prime rib to bacon and eggs. I stuck with more of the breakfast food, so I had eggs, bacon, pancakes and waffles and some of the cheeses, which were delicious. . . My Bf has prime rib, which was amazing and some of the different vegetables. I wanted to go back for more food but I had filled my plate. The eggs were so light and fluffy they melted in my mouth. I also had a mimosa and that was delicious. I gave it 5 stars because the selection was out of this world and the food was perfect. I wish I could go back right now. :)
The absolute best buffet in Sin City. The buffet at the Wynn has the widest variety of foods and it is all in a beautiful upscale setting. This is one of the pricier buffets in Vegas, but it is definitely worth it. For dinner, the buffet serves King Crab Legs and Jumbo Shrimp in the seafood section along with their melt in your mouth prime rib. I would recommend this buffet to anyone who loves to eat.
Perhaps a 4.5 stars when I compare it to other Vegas buffets but nonetheless going to give it the benefit of the doubt and give it a 5! It will always have a special place in myheart as it was my very first Vegas buffet experience. Sleek, modern, HUGE, fresh, full of variety... it has everything you would desire from a top of the line buffet. I had a great time and would go back! I just didn't love the food as much as I had at other places. Maybe I was buffet-ed out the last time I went. Regardless, their desserts are top-notch so make sure you save some room!
If a buffet is in your plans while visiting Vegas then don't go anywhere else.  I was surprised at the high quality and variety of the food for a buffet.  The line can get a little ridiculous so plan ahead.
==Buffet at Wynn==. I had a $50 credit here and the buffet here passes as a upscale gourmet restaurant! Better than the Belagio buffet. I would recommend the dinnner buffet and it's worth every penny. Skip all the carb items and get all the meat if you're a T-REX. Rack of lamb ! Prime Rib ! Pork ! It's all scrumptious! The crab legs were okay, I still think it was a bit too salty. But the endless amounts of food to choose, try one of everything if you want and save some room for the dessert as well. . . Don't listen to the buffet haters. People think buffets are just to eat and eat and eat and eat and eat.. oh hey and eat some more. eat more? eat some more, keeping eating? Sure why not eat. eat eat eat eat and eat. . . WRONG. Buffets are about the variety of food so even if you have 1 plate only, at least you have like 10 different things on your plate if you can fit it. It's Vegas baby, you're here to waste all your money and go all out or GTFO and go home. Enjoy this buffet because I'll tell you now, you won't regret it !. . A++ Quality here.
I've been coming to Vegas for 20 years (live in LA).  Done tons of different buffets and have to say the buffet at the Wynn is by far the best!! . . High quality food with lots of selection.  Pricey but you get what you pay for in this world!!
The good: EVERYTHING. Everything was delicious, fresh, well presented, and high-quality. Absolutely worth the price. Excellent variety and plenty of options for dietary restrictions. I saw a woman with a gluten intolerance getting a walking tour from one of the cooks, and he even offered to make her a new batch of something that may have been in contact with bread. The desserts were to die for; I nearly camped out in front of the creme brulee. . The bad: It is pricey, but honestly I feel it was worth every penny. I got my money's worth in prime rib, salmon en croute, lamb stew, cold shrimp, gelato, and the best mashed potatoes I've ever had outside of my mom's house. If you're in Vegas, you must go. I don't have anything to complain about, and I really like to skewer a place when it's deserved.
Returned and maxed out on crab legs.  So so so so so good and fresh.  Most everything else I tried was pretty great.  Dessert selection was outstanding...banana kiwi pudding thingie? YES. And everything else.  Yes, yes, yes!!!!
Whoa, what's this?  People are saying that some items are disappearing from Wynn's buffet?  Noooooo!!!!  Nooooooooooo!!!!!!  I need to get my butt back over there before it's no longer the best freaking buffet anywhere, hands down.  I need to brave through the line one more time and see for myself whether it's true that quality is slipping.  Even as I'm sitting here, I can still remember the cut-to-order bacon and the decadent crab legs.  I agree with some other people--better raise the prices by a few bucks than slip from being the best brunch spot in town.  That's it, I'm planning my next Vegas trip now!
Awesome seafood.  I had to be wheeled out in a wheel barrow.
First and most important I'm a local......I have been to a lot of buffets in Vegas, including Bellagio, Rio Seafood buffet, Mandalay Bay,M, Aria, GVR,Red Rock, I hope you get the point :p  and I have to say this is the best buffet in Vegas. . awesome tip.... Go @3 pay the lunch price and @330 they bring out the CRAB LEGS!!!. . I'm a pescatarian = i eat fish but NO MEAT/PORK/POULTRY anything with a personality I won't eat :) the options for me here were ENDLESS!! Best veggies, fantastic Crab, Delish Salads and OMG the candy apples for dessert HEAVEN!!!!!!!!!!!!! . . CAN'T WAIT to go back :)
Best Vegas buffet. Hands down.
This is my favorite buffet in Vegas.  Lots of good selection and good quality food.
If I died and went to heaven, I imagine the divine kingdom to look exactly like this. Yes, my heaven is a ginormous room with endless food and talented chefs. I'm not waiting around for my judgment day to enjoy this enormous spread, $50 on earth to eat this much seems like a fair deal to me.. . Walking through the bright dining area lit with skylights, I felt like all that was missing was a harpist and a choir harmonizing. The flowers draped over the columns were really beautiful. I was so excited for natural light because this meant AWESOME PICTURES.. . Entering through the corridor of desserts was such a tease. I stumbled through, not looking straight to where I was walking because I was so transfixed by the cute desserts in the displays. Naturally, being the stereotypical tourist, my first inclination was to raise the camera and snap a picture. It wasn't long before my boyfriend caught wind of this and caught me mid-snap and hissed, "Not now!" and nudged me towards the rest of the food. . . I stood at the end of the dessert corridor, taking in the scenery that unfolded before me. Bustling chefs and cooks replenishing trays to keep up with the hungry guests, people walking around with a plate in each hand piled mile-high with crab claws and prime rib, the steam rising from the rows and rows of hotel pans. This was it. I was never going to leave. . . I have to say, I think I ate about four plates of food. Four plates of food = 8 plates of regular-person food. My friends know I don't operate under moderation and I will use whatever plate real estate is available to me, and start stacking when I lose surface area.. . Top two:. . #1 I can't rave enough about the crab claws. They are sliced in half for you. Say what??!? I just literally scoop out the meat out of the shell half with a fork, or just slurp it up with my mouth if I'm too impatient even to deal with a fork. They were just the right amount of salty and sweet and I think I had about 20 legs.. . #2 The prime rib was excellent. The guy cutting was really friendly and courteous. He also gave me food. Extra points for that. Anyone who gives me food is a friend. I asked for a rare piece, and rare piece is what I got. Every morsel of the bloody meat was delicious and I went back for seconds.. . Honorable mentions:. . Veal short rib. Juicy, tender, packed with flavors. I was a little sad some teenage kid before me took the entire tray on his plate and left me two pieces. By the time I got up for thirds, I was too full to eat more of the meats.. . Pear arugula salad with blue cheese crumbles and field greens. Excellent subtle flavor with sweet slices of pear and grapes.. . Crepes. Their crepes were humongous, and we shared two amongst 6 of us. The blueberry nutella cream crepe was my favorite. . . Desserts. After stuffing myself silly with all the regular food, the dessert station was a bit formidable because there were SO MANY. In any case, I still took one of each and sampled them with everyone else at the table. The mint chocolate chip mini cake was delicious. I was also highly amused by the shiny glitter on the red velvet cupcakes. So pretty! . . I leave this review with an excerpt from the Simpsons:. . Waiter: And for you sir? . Homer: All you can eat! All you can eat! . Waiter: Now, when you're ready take this plate up and... . Homer: [already at buffet taking out a steam tray] . Employee at restaurant: [panicking] No sir! Don't take the steam tray!
This was definitely my favourite of the buffets I've visited. . . It wasn't just the food, but the decor is one of a kind, with an outside and inside patio. The desserts section was so beautifully set up, I even ended up taking photos of it.. . The salad section is great, especially the caesar salad. There's usually a lady there who would serve you the salad. Otherwise, there's soups, entrees, SEAFOOD!!! The seafood section is delicious!!!. . This beats Bellagio anyday. Oh, and get this, it's cheaper too!
The Buffet at Wynn continues to impress!  (How have I not reviewed this place yet?!)  Spread the news - THIS is the buffet to experience if you're only going to one in Vegas!  . . That's why there's always a line, right?  A quick 25 minute wait for a recent weekend brunch around noon, $31.95 later, and we are in!  . . Great selection of a wide variety of foods.  Some of my personal favorites from this last trip:. . - Congee with Taiwanese donut fritters (first time I've seen that at a buffet outside of an Asian one!) . - Steamed BBQ pork buns. - Butternut squash risotto with cherries. - Peppercorn crusted bacon. - Prime rib (always a great buffet staple). - Missed out on the crab legs that they only bring out after 3:30p.... . And you can't forget the one whole ROOM dedicated to more than 20 dessert options!!  Make sure you save room to try one of everything!  I only had enough room in the belly for 6 options  =(  Love that they have gelato too - one of each flavor please!  PS - do NOT get the red velvet cupcake, it's horrible!  (the only bad thing I'll say about this place). . What impressed me most is, despite the hype, it continues to be impressive year after year.  Hopefully it stays that way until my next trip!
wynnING! . . I've been coming to the Wynn Buffet since it opened (with my parents of course haha) but I'll review my most recent experience. I came around 3:30 - right at the cut off between lunch and dinner but I didn't mind since it was only at $8 difference (on Holidays, dinner prices can be around $50).. It was just as good as I remembered! . . -King crab legs are nicely sliced in half for your convenience.  . -I'm still always amused by the salad in the cups . -Always stocked with hot plates. -AWESOME DESSERT SECTION..ROOM. THING. Sweet tooth lover's paradise. Delicious gelato. They had SPARKLY red velvet cakes this time. perfectly torched creme brulee. -Even their asian cuisine section is on par. . . I seriously ate enough for 5 people - no joke. Yum. Only complaint was that the service was very slow this time around (took forever to take away plates, even the table next to us comment "do I really have to bus my own plates now?") . . But, honestly the food at the Wynn makes up for everything. Plus I always make a stop at the Wynn when I'm in Vegas. :)
Most decadent & amazing options ever for vegan & meat eaters alike. I have stayed here numerous times over the years for work & they have upgraded the buffet to really have options for all kinds of dietary restrictions. The bruchetta (sp) was to die for! Yummy!! Best buffet in Vegas hands down!
After requesting rapid refill service at my table during brunch, my waiter was kind enough to furnish my spot with 2 champagne glasses! This permitted maximal imbibing, which is often limited by service time at other buffets.. . The Roast Beef was excellent, and very juicy. My only complaint was the lack of oysters on the half shell and seafood pizza.. . The dessert selection was superior to the Bellagio's buffet. I don't recall clearly leaving the restaurant, but most of my clothes required laundering after exposure to this buffet.
I was a little disappointed that they raised prices, but given the high quality of the food offerred at this buffet, it's okay. Whenever I go to Vegas with friends, we always make an effort to go to this buffet and hit up the mimosa brunch. I just went with 17 other people this past weekend.. . Best item offered after 3p.m.: CRAB LEGS. YUM!. . Their dessert area is to die for! Unfortunately, I had too much mimosa this time around and didn't bother standing up until after we left. . . Till next Vegas trip, Wynn Buffet!
Went here for the 3rd time with my friends. Was skeptical at first because of my 2nd visit, but i was really shocked in my satisfaction! These are the things I remembered:. -Cha seew baos. -Mashed potatoes. -Veal boneless short ribs -- GET THIS ONE!!!!!!. -prime rib. -6 flavors of gelato. -warm brownie for dessert. Lots of yummy desserts! Leave room in your stomach for this!. -bottomless champagne or bottomless mimosas for $10!!!! Such a deal. Didn't know about this until after our meal was over...I think it is there well-kept secret.. . I will be returning in my next Vegas trip!  Everyone else loved the buffet too. Tip: go at 4:30pm. Work up an appetite by starving yourself all day.
One of the best buffets in Vegas!. . Btw, the wait time is not so exciting. Don't let the short lines fool you. I jumped in glee when I thought the wait would be short, but we ended up waiting over an hour. I don't know why they claim to be so full and busy when there were so many empty tables upon walking in. But the quality and the selection really make up for it.
Sooooo good. Great quality, get there early, skip lunch and be there when they open for dinner otherwise the line is crazy.. It's pricey for a buffet, but loved it.  I usually hate buffets but I was entertaining out of town guests.  Would go again.  A couple of things they could do better, but so what, who can't.
The only buffet I went to in Vegas so I guess it is the best one!! . . Saturday afternoon - estimated wait time - 10 minutes. . Cost - dinner price, roughly $40. . Service - fantastic, w/ a smile. . . So let me just say not only was it the best buffet in Vegas but it was pretty much the best one I've ever been to. There was all types of salads, soups (clam chowder!! AHHH, yea i had to get it even though it was 100 degrees outside, the soup was screaming my name, and you know what? it was one tasty clam chowder!), asian food, italian food, lamb (yummm!!!) etc. There was a short wait for the crabs and shrimp cocktail but the wait is worth it for the good food! So fill up your plate - I sure did. Don't be embarrassed, they'll replenish the food. . . Then the dessert. oh my. After about 2 hrs of stuffing ourselves, I thought I wouldn't be able to handle the dessert. But man, once it was on my plate, I couldn't let it go to waste. They had these kiwi jello things in a cute little shot glass, gelato of all flavors in a teacup, cake, etc. . . Can't wait to go back to Vegas and check out the other buffets!!
As far as buffets go it doesn't get any better then this.  If you haven't tried it before it's a must for both tourists and locals.  I promise you won't be disappointed.
Hands down, best buffet in Vegas. I don't usually eat crab legs.. but since I paid $40+ for this buffet, I tried to eat my money's worth. I loved their selection of food ranging from tom yum kai soup to the little chocolate covered marshmellows (DROOOOL). All I can say, this is definitely the one stop I need to make every time I come back to vegas.
Not the biggest buffet but the food is definitely top notch, plus they have an entirely separate room dedicated to desserts only so loosen your belt another notch!. . The king crab legs are cut in half so no crab cracking tools are needed. Pro tip: ask them to steam your plate for you if you don't like your crab legs cold.. . The rest of the buffet selection is also tasty and well presented. I liken this buffet to fine dining but bite sized portions, perfect for those trying to take down the whole buffet, I've tried and failed on several occasions. . . Guys, there's always beautiful women walking around in this buffet dressed like they're about to club.. . Women, heels at a buffet? really? . . I guess it's Vegas rightttt?
One of my favorite buffets, ever!  The food is amazingly fresh, and there is a decent variety.  . . I'm probably one of the few who actually take advantage of their congee during brunch.. I love it, it's like comfort food for when you're tired and trying to recover from just being in vegas.  I also like the fruit in cups, that 1 lychee in a cup was a plus.  I also like things that you can't find anywhere else.. here they had like a salmon that's wrapped in doughy-goodness (kind of like a wellington), and I enjoyed it!
My buffet of choice during my stay in Vegas.  Everything is cooked to perfection.  The food looks and tastes upscale.  The seafood is delicious, the desserts are mini-sized and super cute and they make crepes filled with fruits.  There's pastas, pot roast, sushi, some Asian dishes, and other traditional American dishes.  Every single time I'm at this buffet I want to try everything and I always get SECONDS, THIRDS, and sometimes FOURTHS.  The price is pretty good- It's not exactly cheap but then again this isn't some rinky dink buffet.  So expect to pay some good money (like $40 per person) to get some good food.  The wait in line can sometimes be long depending on the time of day that you come, but it's always worth it and it's better to get a little bit hungry so you could eat more while you're there.  LOL!
This buffet is one of my top 3 favorites!  The other two are Wicked Spoon and the buffet at the Belliago!  This place has the shortes line of the 3 during my last trip....so we went...TWICE!. . The prime rib is very very good! I LOVE that they give you both spicy and creamy horseradish options!  . . Must go to the pasta bar!  OMG!  The chef will make whatever your lil heart desires!  W/ different pasta, ingredients, and sauces! You will definately be pleased! . . The crab legs are cut in halves so you to work like a slave to please your seafood fix or Asian fix to eat more of the expensive foods to feel like you got more for your $$$! (Like me!)  I LOVE that I can just pull the crab meat out w/ my fork or fingers and butter them up and then eaten w/in 2 seconds! My only complaint is that I LOVE hot seafood over cold and unfortunately, they only serve cold crab legs.  But, I'm Asian so I gotta devour the expensive food, whether I love it or not! LOL!. . The soups and salads were amazing!. . Oh OH OHHH! The dessert bar! OMG! YES, I'm a FATTY!  The gelato bar makes me so happy.  They don't offer many flavors.  Just about 4-5 different ones...but still so yummy!  Don't forget to go around the dessert bar b/c on the other side there is a crepe bar! . . I wish I had a bottomless pit to try everything they offer. . . Well worth the $30-40/person for dinner!  The food quality is better then most cafes around!
The most beautiful restaurant I have seen in Vegas, much less the most beautiful buffet in the world. I went with a part of six for a Friday lunch. We waited about 15 minutes to get a table and I was blown away by the availability. 6 varieties of ceviche, thin hand-crafted pizzas (including my own recommendation, the margharita), french-onion soup, sweet juicy flank steak, indian cuisine, and more.. . But, my friends, even though lunch was good, there is another reason to go. And that reason is dessert.. . Hands down the BEST dessert buffet in Vegas. Two areas of the most beautiful, delicious, cute little desserts you will ever see. Candied apples, gelato, black forest cake, cupcakes, kiwi and banana puree, chocolate covered marshmallows, chocolate covered rice krispies treats, carrot cake, peach cakes.... on and on and each more beautiful than the next.. . My only regret is that we didn't go here for dinner. I bet their prime rib would have been spectacular.
This is my favorite Vegas buffet thus far. First of all, it's BEAUTIFUL! Secondly, it has an amazing selection of food including the most wonderful dessert buffet ever. There was a breakfast bar, chinese veggies, 6 different kinds of ceviche, and I could go on and on. The desserts come in perfect little bite sizes so you can try as many as you want. Perfect and delicious. It comes out to about $45/per person with tax and tip.
This is by far one of the best buffets in Vegas! The decor is so cute/whimsical & very Alice & Wonderland-esque. The BF & I ate dinner here around 9pm on a Friday & we only waited about 5 minutes to be seated. The food is superb & I pretty much liked everything I ate.
I could see why everyone raves about this place as the one of the best buffets in Vegas. . The decor is beautiful and there seems to be almost everything you can imagine to eat.  . I'll be honest, I ate so much that I don't remember what tasted like what.. . The King Crab Legs were a favorite for everyone there.  They just kept on refilling it too.. . There are so many entrees, but don't forget about the dessert.  I really loved their cream puffs.  I'm saving more room for dessert next time.
The Wynn Buffet is probably the top buffet place in vegas now. Sure, you can get cheaper buffet, but you do get what you pay for and the buffet price at Wynn is worth every single penny.. . Food is fresh and tasty.. . The place is SUPER clean.. . Their Prime Rib is the trully the best in Vegas. The Tomato Bisque is to die for and their desserts are works of art.. . Bye Bye Bellagio!
Best buffet I've ever been to. Quality was well above average (as far as buffet standards go). Everything was beautifully cooked, had that gourmet look and taste, was set up in several different sections to break up the huge waits/lines. The staff was very well trained, including the chefs at each station.. . The atmosphere was nice and bright. Everything was clean and theyprovided beautiful silverware with cloth napkins (nice touch!) to give it that fine dining feel.. . So, what is so great about it? Let me break it down (based on my personal experience):. . SEAFOOD:. - We hit up the Alaskan crab legs first! They were all pre-cracked/cut and ready to eat. They had a warm butter station to go with it.. - Shrimp, cocktail style with seafood sauce. Classic stuff. Shrimp was a nice size, very tender and delicious.. - Sushi rolls were all fresh and prepared beautifully with good quality fish.. - Arugula salad with red/yellow peppers topped with anchovy. My mouth just watered as I typed that. Enough said.. . MEAT:. - Lamb roast: cooked to about medium, tender, served with mint jelly. - Prime rib: cooked to about medium, tender, served with horseradish. . POTATOES/VEGETABLES:. - Garlic mashed potatoes, another classic. Perfectly cooked and nice texture.. - Squash and root vegetables. Glazed in maple syrup - awesome!. . DESSERT:. - Crepe, strawberry. Made to order as the crepe chef makes it right in front of you. Fantastic.. - Cream puff: pastry was light and fluffy with a delicious cream filling. - Strawberry cheesecake: served in a little cup...MMMMmmm.. - Mint chocolate gelato: Served by a buffet staff member/chef. Sooooooo good.. . Alright, there were a few other things that I'm sure I tried and can only remember that they tasted EXCELLENT, but can't remember the names of them right now.. . This was just a small portion of what was actually available at this buffet. Me and my loved one enjoyed every bit of it! The other great thing was that we didn't feel sick after (as most buffets usually make you feel). Everything was fresh, excellent quality and ALL fully digestible :P. . I highly recommend this buffet. Enjoy!
prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs. prime rib + crab legs.
In a battle of Vegas Buffets and when compared to that of the Bellagio, I DEFINITELY think Wynn wins. . . Wynn has a slightly larger selection of food than Bellagio (and a slightly higher dinner price that comes with it -- $170ish for 4 adults on a Thursday night, yuck), but MOST types of foods are covered. Soups and salads? Check. Pizza? Check, and the best pizza in a buffet by far! (I thought Bellagio took top honors in that category, but having eaten their the night before -- they don't). Alongside the pizza was also an assortment of different pasta dishes -- ravioli, tortellini, rigatoni, a build your own pasta station (the Asian chef behind the counter wasn't so friendly though, regardless of how much I smiled and threw in a 'Thank You!', as well as garlic knots!) Other food items include barbecue chicken and ribs, garlic pesto mashed potatoes, TENDER pork loin, 'Indian' rice, 'Chinese' fried rice, chow mein, lamb, duck, turkey, sushi, a seafood station with shrimp and crab ... yeah, and a whole lot more on top of that.. . They also have a killer dessert section (better than Bellagio, also). Aside from all the individual dessert platters, they also have someone making crepes (and though they didn't have it the last time I was there, my last trip to Vegas I ate at the Wynn twice XD, and alongside the Crepe-guy they had someone making Belgian Waffles as well! Nom nom).. . My only grunt about this place (aside from the pricing and potential long wait if you come at the wrong time) is their lack of Mexican and Chinese food. I have yet to come to a buffet (then again, I've only been to 3 in Vegas) that had a taco or burrito station station, and ... while I love the fact that they have 'Chinese' fried rice and chow mein, what  good are those dishes if I don't have any orange chicken or honey walnut shrimp to eat it with? Also, not a fan of their sushi. Simply just not as fresh as authentic sushi places.. . Other than that, this buffet totally rocks my socks off and I'm perfectly content with the amount of weight I gain from eating here.. . Check it out!. . Wynn For the Win!
All buffets are the same to me, but the buffet at the Wynn Hotel is the best one I've been to. There so many different food variations offered- from Thai to Indian to Italian to seafood etc ( you get the point).  Most buffets may offer an abundance of food, but they usually lack taste. This place actually has great tasting food. I would recommend this place to buffet lovers, I am not one myself, but I enjoyed it here.
This is the best las vegas buffet I have been to. Really worth the price. I liked almost everything.
The best buffet in vegas!!!!. . During our trip, we decided to try out the buffets in LV which according to my friends, "a must try". So we went to wynn in the first day, and it certainly did not disappoint us. . . The wait time for the buffet is not that horrible. We went right at the dinner time, and it took less than 25 minute for us to get the seat. Perhaps it is because it's somewhat pricey compared to other LV buffet. ($89+10tip). . . . The atmosphere is wonderful over here. Seems like a lot of people are around you, but trust me, you do get full attention of the waiters. They are quick and helpful.. . Selection is amazing, however, it does not have sashimi which is a little sad for me because I am  a huge sashimi lover. The spicy tuna is good though. It gives you the kick that you want, and you can taste the freshness of the tuna. They even have a specialty section that has some fancy cured meat, but it just doesn't appeal to me. . . The prime rib is a must try here. Juicy and succulent. The quality is far above Ballagio's. Also, the creme brulee is a surprisingly tasty. It's so good that I had 3 of them. . . In the end, we left happily and extremely satisfied. I suggest you give this place a try even if you hate buffet style restaurant.
Great buffet with unique choices that are always tantalizing. Best Buffet on the Strip! Went for a late lunch and selections were perfect. The smoked salmon just melted in the mouth. Ceviche is outstanding with flavorful marinades and unusual vegetables. Had a cous-cous salad with grapefruit using flavors that combined beautifully that I would have not expected.  The asparagus salad with papaya and freshly shaved parm was crunchy and delectable. Carving station is minimal, serving two items, but the Teriyaki marinated flank steak was done perfectly.  Desserts were unique as well, combining ingredients in unexpected ways, such as strawberry cheesecake in a cup (cheesecake with chunks of graham and topped with strawberryand meringue). Always clean, nicely decorated. Worth the wait and price!
Best cheese pizza I have ever had. Prime ribs were a dream and lobsters were precut so you don't have to annoy urself with the cracking the shells. Everything taste sooo good except the dessert.  Dessert was nothing compare to M Casino though. But I just can't get over how good the prime ribs and the pizzas were. The buffet was pricey but definitely worth every dollar for good quality food.
Vegas for the weekend? Definitely need to hit up a buffet..it's like a must! . . Came to Vegas for my pledge sister's bday & she like LOVES the Buffet at Wynn. Arrived some time after 2pm on a Saturday afternoon. There was a line, but I definitely have seen worse. Luckily, we made it just in time to get the lunch price (34.99)..thank goodness! :). . For a party of 10, we got seated pretty quickly.  We got seated in like one of the side rooms. There was another large party there too, but once they left, we had the whole room to ourselves. That was kinda nice :) . . The food is always DELICIOUS when I come here. I absolutely LOVE the prime rib w/ the mashed potatoes & string beans. It's SOOOOOO GOOOD. Also at dinner time, the crab comes out. It's cut in half already so no need to get messy! They have a cute little dessert section too filled with a lot of choices. There's gelato! Yummmm.. . Will definitely be back :)
One of the best buffets I have even had.  We came here on Friday night and it was about 5pm.  It was not crowded at all.  We sat in the back away from the food whichwas fine with me.  I dont mind walking since that might help with calorie loss.  haha. Anyways, the price was about $40 per person which was not a shock.  They had a salad section looked good.  I went straight to the crab legs and shrimp.  So good!!  They had butter and cocktail sauce.  . Their pasta section was good as well.  I fell in love with their tortolloni.  Loved their asian food section.  It was so worth the money.  I will definetly come back.  Service was great!!  Cream brulee was soooooo good.  The gelato was to die for.  They had the cutest cupcakes.  Wish I tried more desserts but I was so full!  and the prime rib was juicy and ttender.  omg!!
I ate so much at this damn buffet they had to send for the fat people ambulance at the end of my meal.. My favorite past time as far as buffet going is, arrive right at the end of lunch time (pay lunch price) and stay into dinner.  You eat both lunch and dinner menus and become the fattest person on the strip, its genius.  I'm like a fat Einstein.
I hate buffets. Hate. . . You've seen me, that one chick with an empty plate circling the grounds over and over again like a bratty 7 year old who only wants to eat pizza but all there is to choose from is fish and chow mien. Yeah, that's me frowning at the seafood and "asian" selection, unsure of what type of food I'm in the mood for. . . I'm the most indecisive person and with a stomach simply not made for buffets, accepted the fact that I could never happily eat a meal at a buffet. That is, until I went to the Wynn. I was skeptic at first, but with friends and family that die for buffets and with all the great reviews I had to swallow my pride and brave the never ending feat I've had with buffets. Thank God I did because it was the best buffet experience I've had in my life.. . Totally worth the wait, which can be about 30-45 minutes long depending on what time you get there. I suggest going right when it opens or eating at odder hours of the day, like 3-5 so the lunch crowd is just dissipating and you beat the dinner crowd.. . Food at all times of the day are good. Their breakfast selection is pretty standard but I've never had a better french toast from a buffet. I loved their selection, with most options looking healthier than the average vegas buffet - you have to try their cold salads/veggies. Lots of vegan options as well that barely taste vegan. The risotto is perfect and has a nice sweetness to it, probably my favorite dish here. . . If you're here for the crab, they don't serve them until dinner time. Probably the least messy you'll get when eating crab legs since they're finely cut for you, not to mention they are delicious. Their pho is also surprisingly good enough to finish an entire small bowl.. . The desserts are fantastic and very artisan like, but not all taste that great. Mostly just for presentation but I do recommend the cupcakes, gelato, and bread pudding which is divine. Their candied apple is the exact recipe for a broken tooth, even if the apple inside the rock hard shell is very fresh and crisp. Avoid.. . To make your meal here the absolute best, as if it already weren't, order bottomless mimosas for just $10. Eat & drink all afternoon.
Easily the best buffet on the strip. Quality is unmatched elsewhere and really for not much more money than way worse buffets. Staff is accomodating and friendly as you'd expect. Gourmet caliber food, handmade homemade desserts. beautiful dining area and well organized flow at the buffet.
Love, love, love this place. Dramatic entrance, outstanding food quality, super delicious taste, friendly staff and desserts that are to die for! After 10 trips to the food and dessert stations I had to stop ... I really wanted more but I couldn't. I actually ate so much I had trouble moving around lol. Anywho, definitely worth the price and easily the best buffet on the strip!. . Must try:. - Chocolate crepe. - Creme Brulee . - Prime rib. - Beef brisket
Arrived for Sunday brunch at 2:45pm and grabbed all the brunch items I could before they switched over to dinner around 3:15pm! SCORE. Brunch and dinner all for the price of Sunday brunch which was $31.95. It was such a good deal and definitely good planning.. . The main difference between brunch and dinner is that the crab legs come out at dinnertime! YUMMMMM
The buffet at the Wynn is amazing. All the downsides of going to typical buffets do not exist. Everything is fresh and the options are endless. Eggs Benedict and sushi in the same buffet, people. Heavenly. It may seem pricey and the line may be long, but it is totally worth it. Any other buffet is a waste of your time and money compared the buffet at the Wynn. I have only been for there brunch before, but I trust the lunch and dinner are just as amazing... if not better (If that is possible).
*This is on my MUST-TRY list for Vegas*. . Hands down the best buffet I've ever had in Vegas.. . If you like king crab legs, then you're definitely in the right place.  I think they're the only buffet in Vegas (correct me if I'm wrong) that does not salt their crab legs.  Most places salt them to preserve them, which tells me that The Buffet's seafood is relatively fresh.  It's always really sweet and juicy.. yum! . . I'm sure they have whatever you like, and it's always cooked to perfection.  My personal favorites?  Crab legs.. duh..and the braised veal :)  YUMMY!!. . Another thing I look forward to when I come to The Buffet..... DESSERTS!!!!  CREME BRULEEEEEEEEEE!  The tiramisu is also amazing.. and they have gelato too!  There's always a huge assortment.. it's always so hard to choose without feeling extremely guilty.. . A couple of downers:. -On special holiday weekends, they totally jack up the prices.  The prices vary from day to day, but expect to pay around $30-40.    . -There's almost always a line... and it's a long line too :(. . But, the pros overshadow the cons.. so I still love it!. . Tip: Get inside by 2:30 or 3pm.  You're paying for brunch/lunch, but just sit around for a bit until 3:30pm and you get dinner too!   . . Happy eating!
What can I say about this buffet other than it's the best buffet I've ever eaten at?  OK, so perhaps I should elaborate further anyway.  Went here with some friends two years ago to celebrate a friends' 30th birthday (yes, I know this an overdue review, but whatever) and at first I was a bit shocked at the prices.  I knew going in that this was an expensive buffet, probably right up on the top or close to the top of the list of the most expensive buffets in Sin City, but it still took a bite out of my wallet to pay $40 for dinner.  Of course, that was forgotten quickly as we walked in (after two and a half hours of waiting, we were patient in our hunger).  Elegantly and tastefully decorated and laid out as you would expect from anything in a five star hotel, the selection of different foods and cuisines seemed almost endless and stretched on and on.  . . Considering none of us had eaten since breakfast that day and we had waited a long time to be seated, we were starving...but as with any buffet in Vegas, it's always a good idea to come hungry.  My first stop was for the King Crab legs which in their own right are usually pricey by themselves.  Anyone who has ever eaten king crab knows that they are tough to eat considering the sharp claws are easy to get cut on trying to extract the meat, so it was a true sign that this place was a step above that the king crab was laid out already pre-opened so that the meat just had to be scooped out..and wow, was it ever the best crab I ate!  It's little details like that that one would expect from a place of such high caliber and quality but that make the dining experience much more enjoyable.  All told, in seven plates of food in which I sampled as many different items the only complaint I really had was that the lamb that night was a bit dried out, not bad at all in my opinion overall.  Don't even get me started on dessert either, two different and unique stations equally large in size led me to making two separate trips as there was just so much in the way of delectable pastries and sweets offered,. . All in all, yes it's very pricey and it was sticker shock at first but it was worth EVERY cent and then some.  I have no reservations whatsoever going back every time I'm in Vegas and I would consider a trip to Vegas in which I didn't go to this buffet a total failure of a Vegas trip.  A word of advice though? Go as early as possible right before they open for dinner, it's not uncommon for the lines to be super long and the wait times insane!
Have you ever eaten so much that you couldn't hear?  This will happen to you at the Wynn Buffet.. . It IS expensive.  About $40.  But be prepared to have the widest array of amazing food you'll ever eat.. . First things first: EFF THE SALADS.  you can get that anywhere.  dont waste your stomach space on SALAD.  gross. . Go straight for the crab legs!  They're delicious and you can probably get your money's worth right there.  They have different sections representing different lands.  My favorite combination was pizza and hummus.  I know i know, its so simple for such a fancy buffet, but whatever. you can suck it.. . make sure you save some stomach room for desserts!
THEY HAD GELATO!  It was magical...with lots of different flavors...and they serve it to you in cute little espresso cups :D. . OH right, so you probably want to hear about the rest of it.  Well, we came for brunch, so this review is not for dinner (though I hear great things about their dinner).. . Must-haves:. -Eggs Benedict, the best I've ever had. -Risotto with truffle sauce. -Pork and shrimp dumplings from the Asian section. -Belgian waffles with all the cool toppings. -Gelato. . The atmosphere is upscale, in a garden-like themed setting.  I felt like a princess.  Well, a fat princess because I seriously left there having to unbutton my jeans and take deep breaths from eating so much ;). . The best buffet I've been to in Vegas.  And hands-down the best dessert buffet.
I had the breakfast buffet. $20 and it was a great deal. The room and furnishings are not typical Vegas buffet quality... Very high end. Plenty to eat and the food was very good. I ate around 10:30 and there was no line at all. Probably could have had more fruit.
The Wynn Buffet is in my opinion, the best hotel buffet in Las Vegas in terms of quality, choices and taste.. . There is always different stations including American fare, Italian, salads, soups, seafood, Japanese, Chinese, Southern and Indian. There are also stations with carved whole turkeys, rack of lamb and prime rib. The salads are fresh and the desserts are awesome.. . I love that they even have kim chee. It seems that this buffet is very "worldly" and I love that there is always something different to try on your plate. I also really like that they have creme brulee for dessert and gelatos. . . This place is very pricey (over $50) but I think it is so worth it. I've never had anything here that tasted off or bland. They don't rush you to leave and their wine and beer selections (seperate charge) are great.
best out of the buffets I tried in Vegas! high quality food and great selection of both Asian/Western food... awesome dessert (smaller portions so you can try lots),  flavorful fish, fantastic veal short ribs and brisket! crab legs here were much better than other buffets. totally worth the $11 more than the typical $25 buffet. you can tell they put thought and heart into the food-can definitely taste the difference. everything was well made. highly recommended! This is definitely on the list next time I go to Vegas!
This is my favorite buffet in Vegas!  the place was clean with a high end feel.  They don't let too many people in at once so it doesn't feel crowded.  High quality, and i loved the king crab legs!!
The Buffet at Wynn is one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas! I really like their colorfully decorated entrance; it's very whimsical! The tables are arranged with a lot of space in between and they are located not too far from the food.. . I like the wide selection that they have here. Usually when there is a large selection, it is usually in exchange for the quality and taste. That does not apply to The Buffet at Wynn though--all of the food is delicious! I have tried their premixed salads and I have created my own salads and they were all very crispy and fresh. The had about four different soups and I tried the clam chowder. It was very creamy and hit the spot for me, especially after a night of drinking. I tried a lotof their entrees, which included grilled chicken, pasta, sashimi, prime rib, king crab legs, pizza, and I think I should stop here before you think I am a fatty. But oh, they also had a very large selection of desserts and fruits too!. . It cost about $40/person, which is pretty standard for Las Vegas buffets. I can't really say much about the staff, because the only time we were waited on was when we ordered our drinks at the beginning of our meal. I recommend coming here if you're looking for a good buffet in Las Vegas!
I've been here twice. Once as a omnivore, once as a vegetarian. And I have been impressed both times. As far as Las Vegas buffets go, this is the best. . . If going on the weekend, here's a tip: go right before the end of brunch, then you can enjoy brunch and dinner food while saving yourself from the dinner pricing. Yes, I know that is probably a popular tip, but still a good one.. . The first trip was back in October 2010 with my mom and cousins. The food was awesome. This was a while back, so I don't remember exactly what I had but I remember it being great.. . The second trip, which I'll describe in more detail was this past weekend (September 24, 2011). I'm mainly eating vegetarian these days, and I went with my vegan bff. I was excited to try this place and try the vegan options since I eat a lot of vegan food and heard that the Wynn was vegan friendly. In short, I was pretty much blown away.  . . The chef came out to give us a tour of what was vegan and vegetarian on the buffet line. We got there at the end of brunch so breakfast foods were mainly out, though he told us some things that would be coming later that were vegetarian/vegan friendly. He truly was knowledgable too. Most people, even some chefs don't know that marshmallows are not vegetarian, but he did know that...so I feel like he did really know his stuff. . . As for the food, there is a lottoo keep even a picky vegan like my bff satisfied. The pasta station has vegan alfredo, vegan meat sauce, and even vegan ravioli that were super delicious.  There were delicious quinoa and corn cakes as well. Even vegan desserts like coconut sorbet, mango/coconut/lime mousse.  I loved the curried lentils and chickpeas as well. My very favorite item was the sweet pea risotto (vegetarian, not vegan). I could have eaten more and more of that.
So far, my favorite buffet in las vegas.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, the buffet is "expensive" but you're getting quality, m'dears!  Just fork up the extra 10.00 to experience a little more quality in the food.. .  I missed the crab legs, but considering all the other foods were delicious and the shrimp I got was super fresh and tasty, I'm SURE the crab legs were excellent.  I won't go into detail of what I got, but this buffet is HUGE.  two rooms for ONLY desserts which included home made gelato, and the buffet line is awesome.  Salad spread was excellent and so were the other entrees.  I know it might sound lame but the tastiest thing I had was their pizza! Super thin and perfect!  The hand cut bacon was bomb as well as the prime rib. . . I think they can work on their sushi and other seafood items, but other than that, it's still tasty.  I got here at a perfect time- just when brunch was ending and dinner stuff was coming out so I had the eggs, sausage and other breakfast items as well as the lunch/dinner items.. . So far this review kind of sounds like a 4 or a 4.5 star, but what tipped the scales to a full 5 stars was the fact that they had congee (chinese rice porridge) with all the fixin's including 1,000 year old duck egg.  (I know, sounds gross it's def. an acquired taste).  Besides the food, everything was nice- seats made of what seems to be real ostrich skin, the silverware, the plates, everything was very clean, and the buffet tables were lined up straight so there was PLENTY of room to go from food item to food item without bumping into other people.
We had the breakfast buffet.  It was about $23 per person and well worth it.  There were several stations to choose from including expertly made omelets, Asian, Latin, granola-fruit& yogurt, bagel w/ toppings to name a few.  The hand carved ham was amazing with nice crunchy crust covering moist country ham.  Service, as with everywhere at the Wynn / Encore was excellent.
Pregnant in Vegas - the buffet at the Wynn hit the spot! Tons of variety, all very fresh. You just can't go wrong!
Eat It or Beat It?. **EAT IT!!**. . ONE WORD: Quality. . . Wynn Buffet supersedes all other buffets in Vegas... the only competition: Bellagio. From your usual crab legs all the way to your carppaccio's, Wynn buffet is all about the best quality. You can see it, smell it, and definitely taste it. It's no wonder they were voted #1 Buffet in Vegas! Crab legs... no need for butter, the crab meat is naturally sweet! But my favorite dish of all... the lamb chops... oh god... last time I went, I had 4-5 servings of it... (drools). . . Word to all: Don't pay for the weekday dinners or lunches or brunches... add the extra $10-$15 and go for the weekend menu. There are more choices to choose from and the more expensive food items are available, like the different cuts of meat and various seafood items... unless of course you don't eat either, then the other dishes are much more yummier and different, to say the least. . . You get what you pay for right? Oh, and if there's a long wait... add the extra $10 or so to cut the line.. it's seriously worth cutting the line! Seriously, if you're in Vegas... don't be cheap... the same rules apply for the clubs... you want to get in and not have to wait? . A. Get there early.. B. Pay the extra dollaz to cut the line (or bouncer) tee-hee. . . CONCLUSION:. If you ain't doin' it big in Vegas, you ain't doin nothin! Go for the best and pay for the best. Weekend dinner only! You won't be disappointed! EAT IT!!!!!!
The best pig-out spot on the strip award goes to ... Drum roll please... The buffet at Wynn. Not only there are so many gourmet options, the food is surprisingly delicious for such volume. Now, on to tips for a definitive guide to belt breaking. Show up around 11 AM at the Q to the buffet. Once you are in, you stay as long as you please, which means you can do the brunch (try out both breakfast and lunch special menu items). Also, no need to pay extra for the express line. Take your time and enjoy the buffet. A hangout for a minimum of 3-4 hours is considered normal. So, just soak in.
The Wynn Buffet is arguably one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas. From the gourmet fare to the delicious desserts, this buffet is nothing short of spectacular. The food at this buffet almost resembles eating fine dining quality food in an all you can eat format. There are also some very unique dishes that you just won't find at any other Las Vegas buffet, such as octopus salad.  The buffet features quite a bit of live action stations such as a great pasta station that allows you to make your own past. I highly recommend doing this because it won't disappoint. There is also a large selection of gourmet cheese, fresh fruit, unique pastas, and some melt in your mouth cheeses.  Plus if you add in the always fresh crab legs and shrimp cocktail, you got yourself a great all around buffet.  So overall, if you're looking for delicious gourmet meals, high quality meals, and spot-on desserts, all in a very bright and upscale setting, the Wynn Buffet is your buffet of choice.
One of the best buffets i have ever had! they have 5 kinds of ceviche. the value in buffets is definitely in the seafood. Loved the smoked salmon! the prime rib and personally sliced bacon is off the wall as well!as of 10/02/11 the price for lunch was 34 bucks. definitely a pretty penny but well worth it!
My fav buffet ever at Vegas,  this is the only one I go to. Worth the wait. Worth the $. Shrimp cocktail? check. Prime rib? Check. Carnitas? yes. sushi and ceviche? oh boy. The desserts are another story. I think I got diabetes last time I was here. Worth every penny and moment!
The best Buffett in Vegas. Everything is fresh, well prepared, and delicious.
I was here a year ago, oct 2010 but I can still remember the good quality and variety of food they have available for breakfast/lunch. Eat here, it's definitely worth your money. Food choices are very varied and well cooked, heated just right. Some of the food presented were almost gourmet like. You won't regret it!
With Mandalay Bay's Bayside Buffet as a close second, the buffet at the Wynn is the best in Vegas, and I have eaten at almost every single one of them. Try the made-to-order pasta station.
Not even lying...this buffet was the best buffet of my life! I wanted freaking everything they offered! Considering my stomach cant down EVERYTHING i had to choose and what I chose was amazing! They have a huge variety of foods, tons of desserts, and the seating and ambiance is really calm and relaxing! Price was a little steep but I think it was almost worth the price.
great food. a lot to choose from. there was food from all different types of cuisines. i really enjoyed the mashed potatoes and salad bar. the salad bar had a lot of dressings and toppings to choose from. the prime rib was also yummy. dessert bar had A LOT. good variety. it was  well worth the money we paid for dinner. I will for sure come again any time.
I have never been to a better buffet in my life.  My mistake was getting too much towards the entrance.  There are SO many items towards the back, all divided by ethnicity.  So impressive!
Excellent quality and ample choices at each station. great presentation and very clean
This lunch was amazing. truly amazing.. I came on Saturday so they were serving their brunch menu but it goes until 3:30 so we just treated it like lunch (lol) and the great thing is--you totally can! . They have soo many different kinds of foods--even at brunch they had a whole carving station with prime rib, etc, whole dessert bars, and of course the classic made-to-order omelet station, just to name a few.. My favorites were the SPLIT PEA RISOTTO, fresh salads, and desserts (:. pizza was kind of disappointing though.
I only ate at the Wynn buffet once, and I'm surprised my heart didn't give out immediately afterward. I had two rounds of dessert, paired with two rounds of lunch, and maybe some water thrown in there. It was amazing.. . Sure, it's pricey, but it's the value effect - pay this much, eat this much. It never ends. You can eat forever. It's like a big fat magic trick that every Vegas-goer can participate in.. . I don't even remember the main courses offered (things like pasta and sushi), but I certainly remember dessert. There are pastries reminiscent of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, scoops of ice cream, and lots of tiny tarts and cakes to choose from.. . Or don't choose. Just try everything because you can. Yeah, it's disgusting to think about, so don't. Unbutton your pants and let the Wynn begin.
Great service from the endless mimosas to the huge variety of food and the nice staff.
Thanksgiving brunch buffet, available the two days post Thanksgiving. Was 38pp, and heavenly. First let's start with the fact that the early bird DOES get the worm and going when it opens just past 8am means it's emptier and quiet with no line.. . The decor is beautiful and seating is plentiful. Had enough food to get my fill... everything from prime rib and turkey to the giant dessert bar with gelato. I enjoyed the stuffing greatly although its probably a holiday time item only and the black and white cake which was like an opera cake.. . Yum. Since we're on a kick to try them all it may be a while before I'm back, but Mr Steve Wynn... you've set the bar high.
Came here for breakfast / lunch.  Food was awesome, servers were great and was quick to clear the tables and provide refills.  I loaded up on protein as I figured I will get my moneys worth at this place.  Shrimp Cocktail was good, Turkey was good and not dry, Prime Rib was absolutely spot on.  Overall the food was excellent and the deserts was just fabulous!  I am a desert guy if you have'nt figured it out.   5 out of 5 to the Wynn Buffet and the staff.... woohoo !
My sister and I truly enjoyed our experience at the Buffet. There was a wide selection of food options to choose from, and the staff was very friendly :) Would definitely come  to the buffet again.
TAH-DAH ! . . Winn buffet and I share a love hate relationship. The brunch with all you can drink champing is deadly.- and my favorite, just can't stop..  I can not start to describe the atmosphere, the food, the 100' long buffet  area to choose from.. -Oh yea, snow or some sort of small king crab when i was there.. -Tons of sea food  and  some sushi.. -You have the roast and hot style meats.. -great sections of Italian and i think there was a some cury and Indian food there too.. -i believe they mix it up some time , but the selection is over the top.. Atmosphere is always stellar of course because it's at the Winn..  .  I hate this place because they never hint of you to stop eating or drinking. Also the belly bulging after you eat, I most definitely don't go to the pool or expose my torso area. It reminds my self of  a snake. all skinny but where the snake has eaten is a buldge. after enjoying such a wonderful treat.. I come here every time we visit Las Vegas. So i started at 140 lbs and i am now 200lbs. - kidding.. This place is great, I have tried almost all but maybe the Belligio may be our next try.. . Watch out for the long lines, these can really be a let down. butt hey do move, but if your hungry, not fast enough.. . Thanks  Steve Winn for such an enjoyable place.
two things i enjoyed the most in vegas, shopping and buffet! this is the best buffet in vegas! I tried almost all buffet in Vegas! and the best means the BEST!. . Dont waste time waiting inline at somewhere else. since you have to wait anyways, make sure wait for something worth waiting. . . why its more expensive than anywhere else?  because they have better seafood, dessert, and steak. anything you name it.   . . It is not just any buffet, it's a wynn buffet, with wynn service and wynn quality. Love it, and now i miss it!. . Take some pictures, the place is super pretty and they use fresh flowers and the cakes... they look so....om i'm so hungry. . . Going there again soon for sure, for the buffet.
I heard great things about this buffet.  In the past my favorite buffet was the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood.   Guess what!  This is now my new favorite buffet.    Girls weekend with my BFF.  Went on a Saturday night at 6:30 after walking thru The Venitian and Palazzo.   We were hungry and we had no line at the buffet.  Yes it's $40 for dinner on Saturday night.  It's well worth the money.   I decided I wasn't going to fill up on sides. I'm going in for the main course.  Lamb Chops!  Okay, and Medium Rare Prime Rib, Regular size Crab Legs (sliced in half).  Did I mention Lamb Chops?   I won't tell you how many I had but I will tell you I made a pig of myself.  See my pictures. I did try 2 different salads.  One had quinoa and the other coscous.  They had no flavor.  Good thing I only took a small doloup of each one.  Everything else was very good.  The Lamb Chops were cooked medium.  . Desserts!  Yes we had room for desserts.   The display was so pretty.  Everything looked delicious.  I don't like chocolate so I did not try any chocolate desserts.  I had a strawberry crepe which was yummy.  My friend had a Candy Apple along with chocolate desserts.  I also had Strawberry Sorbet and Mango Gelato with a side of a Snickerdoodle Cookie.  I wish I had room for more dessert.  I would of had a few more cookies.  . The server was good about clearing our dirty plates and making sure our drinks were refilled.  No complaints.   . So Glad we had to walk back to our hotel, or should I say waddle.  It helped diguest our feast.
Can't beat this buffet. I always eat here when I'm in town.
We went to Wynn Buffet for Christmas because we knew that, as vegetarians, we'd have way more options here than anywhere else.. The wait was LONG, clocking in at about 3 hours.  It went by fairly fast, and waitresses brought water bottles around for everyone.  One thing I wish someone would have remedied was the screaming kid who wouldn't stop crying for the ENTIRE hour wait in the inside line.  Cramped quarters, low ceiling, shrieking child.  Not necessary, one of the parents should have taken him out of there (and one of Wynn's staff should have told them so).  . Once we were seated, we asked our waitress if she could point out for us which dishes were vegan.  To our surprise and delight, she went and got a chef to personally take us to every single station and show us which options were vegan.  He was so friendly and went into detail about several dishes.  My favorite part was how the crowds parted ways for us.  It was definitely star treatment.  :-). The food was absolutely incredible.  The highlight for me was the pasta bar, where you can pick your ingredients and sauce.  The alfredo (vegan!!) was ridiculously rich and perfect.  I'd live on that stuff. . There were so many veggie dishes that I filled up way before getting to try them all.. DEFINITELY worth the price.. My only complaint is that they could always use more vegan desserts!  I think there were only 2 options when we went.
The breakfast buffet is out of this world, and at like $18 it was a steal. I never wanted this buffet to end, and the different selections offered were fantastic. They've got your breakfast favorites, some brunch hits, and even some lunch options which is great  when you're not in the mood for breakfast in the AM. . . But the real kicker is their dessert buffet, which is a walk-around square of awesomeness. The dessert buffet definitely requires a second (or third) trip.
SO DELICIOUS.  Pro tip: lunch ends at 3pm, dinner starts at 3:30pm.  Dinner is about $15 more expensive than lunch.  Go 20 minutes before lunch ends, pay lunch price, eat all the delicious lunch food slowly, take walks, enjoy, save some stomach space.  Then check out what they break out for dinner!. . Favorites:. 1. pea truffle oil risotto - creamy & delicious & truffly.. 2. creme brulee - this was a dinner dessert.  VERY rich, but small portions so not overwhelming.. 3. cold seafood: squid ceviche, cocktail shrimp, smoked salmon, creamed herring. 4. pastas both in seafood & italian sections. 5. slices of flank steak - not dry, quite flavorful, cooked medium rare.. . The less goods:. - big chunks of fish in general I thought were kinda dry and not terribly flavorful. - cup of thai beef salad was weird and definitely not thai and just vinegary & weird.. - Indian food at dinner: not as flavorful as Indian food in an indian restaurant. . Service was great - very friendly and attentive.  Over all, a huge selection of food with a lot of light options, so that you can try a lot of awesome food that you wouldn't normally get to eat without feeling disgustingly full.  Major thumbs up!
PLAY THE WEDDING BELLS BECAUSE I MAY JUST BE MARRIED TO THIS PLACE!  The Wynn hotel is already an amazing place, and they knocked my socks off with the ambiance and quality of food.. . Just to let everyone know, my family and I ended up paying around $50 /person only because it was a "special holiday price" -- it certainly can put a dent in your wallet, but that made all of us really want to make our money's worth.  . . The size of the buffet is huge as it spans the entire restaurant.  It's so organized too as they break up the different sections from American, Salads, Asian, Cold food , seafood, desserts, etc.  You will certainly find something for you and new here.  There are just too many options for me to list my fav items here, so i guess I'll have to make you go there!!. . Another thing that sealed the deal was the dessert section.  Anyone that knows me, knows that desserts/pastries are my weak point.  They had crepes and gelato too!  Yes, crepes and gelato!!!!  I was already so full from the main buffet that I knew I had to save room for dessert!  Quick tip: Take your time when you eat.  Feel free to walk around and just digest before going for your next round.. . i'm glad to say the Wynn Hotel Buffet has certainly retained me as a future customer.  My only criticism the $50 price tag.
My favorite buffet.  I've had breakfast lunch and dinner here.  Crab legs were huge.  They had this potato ball for breakfast as an alternative to hash browns.  Really good.  Had chilean sea bass.. Desserts were just okay but all the food is pretty good for a buffet.
Best buffet in town.  All the food was great and at the right temp.  You have to try the pea risotto.  I can still image the creamy deliciousness a year later.  Stood in line for 2  1/2 hour but I was worth it.
Still my favorite buffet on the strip! . COLD king crab legs & if you stay long enough - there's a 30 minute gap from 3 to 3:30 for dinner (unless it' s a holiday - lunch ends at 1 and dinner begins at 1 as well!) you can get more bang for your buck when dinner comes out ;) [unlike Wicked Spoon, grrr!]
I'm happy to bestow the title of "best buffet in Vegas" on the Wynn buffet. Finally, after five years of living in this city! Went to lunch today ($24) and it was OUTSTANDING. Everything tasted amazing, nothing was "off" as you so often will discover at buffets. I encountered nothing that tasted mass-produced. This is exactly what one would expect and hope for when venturing into the buffet adventure. So often we're disappointed... The environment is beautiful - enchanting, really. Service was perfection. The variety was incredible. The antipasti section was excellent (great for low-carbers), many different types of salads and ceviches, the pea risotto is not to be missed, lobster pot pie (was more like a stew) also fantastic. The desserts, again, most often a disappointment at most buffets (typically look better than they taste), were yummy, fresh and a nice end to a great meal.. . As you can see, I have no complaints. Happily will be back... . PS - IMHO, Wicked Spoon is my 2nd runner up to Wynn. Between the two, you won't need to suffer the other buffets. Take it from a local. ;)
Came here during the lunch buffet on a weekday. The wait for a seat [for two] was perhaps 10 minutes. Their mimosas are delish. The desserts can get stale (depending on what you choose) and are just a-ok. Other than that, everything is really fresh, continuously brought out, and there is a huge selection of different cuisines. Will definitely go back.
By far the best buffet I've ever had. Whether it was the king crab, prime rib, sushi, and desert ALL the food was really good. At less than $50 (dinner) my friends and I felt the price was great for the quality of food and service we received. . . The staff was very nice constantly refilling our drinks and taking away our finished plates. My friends and I go every year to Vegas and the Wynn buffet is going to be a place where we eat dinner every year moving forward.
Buffets are always my go to food destination.  Many people do not like them for very reasons but I just love them.  It may be because I like to try so many different things and buffets allow me to do this all in one seating (well technically more since you go back and forth to the buffet.)  This buffet is a really good one and also had no line which was surprising although we did go a little over an hour before closing which was probably the reason.. . The layout was nice with the many various stations from pasta, to carving, to salad, to desert there was something for almost everyone.  All of the food was delicious and was not old and dried out like many other buffets.While everything was delicious and there were many choices, a lot of the choices seemed more like side dishes rather than entrees which was disappointing.  . . In the end though all the food was delicious and while maybe not the best buffet on the strip it is one of the better ones.  . . A must try if you are looking for a good buffet with lots of different choices.
This is hands-down the best buffet in Vegas. I've been to almost all of them, and while Wynn is a bit more expensive, it is worth it.  The focus here is on quality.  Everything is well-prepared with high quality ingredients.  I especially like the fish, Italian and Mexican items. There is also a nice selection of salads. And there is an entire dessert bar with a huge selection of gorgeous desserts.
I absolutely LOVE this buffet. The selections are awesome. It's like a culinary trip around the world from salmon & cream cheese, pork carnitas, lamb stew, to lamb chops and orange duck. I read some people were complaining about the crab legs being too cold - 1. they are supposed to be iced, it's cold seafood, 2. you have the option to take your crab legs to the grill section and the chef will put them on the grill for you.. . My suggestion would be to go when you have some time. Eat slow so you can enjoy all the options possible (especially for the price). The dessert options are also numerous from gelato, cupcakes and cookies to personalized crepes.
I've only been to a few other buffets in Vegas but the Wynn Buffet keeps me coming back every time. I had a recommendation from a shuttle driver and passengers saying that the Bellagio buffet was the best. But they're out of their mind if they think it's better than the Wynn Buffet. . . I've only been for the crossover from lunch to dinner. Dinner is a pricey penny but then again they have seafood for dinner. I love their noodle station, you make your own soup noodle with a chef that cooks it right in front of you. Yummm. . . They also have several meat carving stations, so delicious. . . And their best part is their dessert station. They have a chef making fresh crepes for you. You can get hand-scooped gelato or ice creams. And they have tons of mousse desserts along with creme brulee. Mhmmm yum. . . It's a super nice classy place. I always liked sitting in the atrium area because it's open and natural-lighting and more quiet than the inside areas closer to the buffet stations.
I used to think the Bellagio was the best buffet in Vegas, but I think the Wynn has taken the cake!  Ate here for breakfast on a Monday before leaving Vegas, everything I tried was wonderful!  The weekday breakfast buffet does not have prime rib, but they have some fantastic smoked ham.  YUM!  The dessert area is so beautiful.  No complaints!  I will be back next time I'm in Vegas!!
Excellent buffet in Vegas!  The Asian items could be better.  Staff really nice.  Facilities very clean.  Excellent variety:  Italian, Mexican, American, Asian.
Fantastic buffet! The atmosphere is a little like Alice in Wonderland with fake colorful flowers and bright lights. The employees have unusual costumes that are a bit hard to explain. But the food is spectacular. I really appreciated all of the salad, vegan  and vegetarian options. The day I went, they had two different quinoa dishes! I was very impressed. The buffet is a bit pricy for dinner, but I would highly recommend it.
So I eat so hard muhf*ckas wanna fine me. But first ni**as gotta dine me. What's 50 bucks to a muhf*ka like me. Can you please remind me?. . Ate so hard, I sh*t crazy. Ya'll don't know that sh*t don't phase me. My weight could go, up 282. And I look at you like this sh*t's gravy.. . Line so long, I shed tears. 50 minutes and I'm still here,. Better drink once we in there,. It's only right that we be fair.. . Psycho, I'm liable, . to go tribal, take your pick: . Roast beef, Salmon, tri-tip, plate 6.. . Eat so hard, I don't stop, . Arteries that just don't clog. Salad bar thats a waste o' time, . Get in the line for their lamb chops!. . Ate so hard, I'm shocked too, . Servers thought they'd run outta food. If you waited how long I waited, . You'd be in the Wynn, eating non-stop too.. . . Drank so hard, we got wasted, . $7 more for some champagne. Gold bottles, full throttle, . All aboard the champagne train!. . You'll eat so hard B**ch behave, . its by far THE BEST BUFFET,. 3:30, line up. In for lunch, see dinner trays!. . I ate so hard muhf*ckas wanna fine me.... . "this looks great!... this tastes great!... this sh*ts GREAT!"**** . _ _ _ _ _. . Without question the best buffet on the strip. "...ain't it J?"
I admit I was a skeptic...a plethora of vegan options at a Las Vegas buffet?  Get out of here, that's a lie!  But it's true, I couldn't believe my eyes.  Before we paid to get into the buffet I inquired about these so-called vegan options thinking that there may only be one or two things for me.  To my surprise they gave me the option to have a chef personally walk me around and tell me what's vegan-friendly and what can be made vegan upon request.  The chef was great, personable, and very knowledgeable about the plant-based diet.  He walked me through every dish and nearly every ingredient, I felt like I was getting star-treatment.  At the end of my little tour I realized I could have at least half of the offerings on the buffet...and that, my friends, is exactly what I did.  I never get to eat at buffets, I exercise, and eat healthy at home, so why not?!?!  I enjoyed many things such as Alfredo pasta (custom-made at the pasta station), many different kinds of salads (quinoa salad, chickpea salad, etc.), many kinds of veggies, vegan tomato soup, sushi, ethnic dishes (aloo gobi, channa masala, etc.), candied apples, and the best vegan chocolate chip cookie baked on this planet.  Mind you, there were many vegan things I just couldn't get to...I filled up sooner than I would have liked.  Overall, this was a great experience, the Wynn is simply impressive.  I highly recommend the buffet to vegans, vegetarians, and omnivores alike.
Went here twice last weekend. Yup, it was that good.. . It is pretty pricy, but if you are a big eater, you can definitely take advantage of this awesome buffet.. For dinner, they had Prime Rib, Lamb T-Bone Steaks (two kinds.. one with a dry rub and another with sauce), Alaskan King Crab Legs (a bit hit!), ribs, Kobe Beef Meatloaf (WHY did they make it into meatloaf), and few other meaty options. For an extra $10, you can get UNLIMITED champagne, mimosas or (I think) Bloody Mary's. I finished a mimosa every 10 minutes while we ate there, and got a pretty good buzz by the end of our meal.. . For Saturday brunch, they still had the Prime Rib, they had some crazy pepper crusted thick cut bacon (forgot which sauce came with it, but it was so peppery that it overpowered the sauce), and some amazing Salmon! They always have Smoked Salmon here, a Chinese food station, and a Mexican food station. The dessert section is crazy!!! It's like a separate dessert store. Numerous choices of dessert and 6 flavors of Gelato too!! Wow. I could go on about what other options were there, but it was awesome. Go. That's the bottom line.. . It is really, really busy here during regular hours..so either go at opening time or just cope with waiting in line. A full line (out to the entrance) will go through in about 30-40 minutes. When they are busy, you will probably have to wait a bit to get a refill on your waters or mimosas. While you wait... eat! :)
Before I start my review... can someone tell me how are we suppose to eat the candied apples? The damn thing is hard and it's really hard to bite into it. Of course licking it would take forever  and day. I took a knife and pounded on the candied part, my table became a battlefield. Unfortunately, I lost!!! boo! I gave up after my bf shook his head and covered his face embarrassed. hehehe. . I love this buffet. I had both brunch and dinner here on several occasions; never left disappointed. . . Dinner starts at 3:30: go for the sea bass in the cooked seafood section. I come here for their sea bass primarily. It's like butter and doesn't taste fishy. Snow crab legs, plenty of them and they're cut for easy eating. Their Italian, Asian and American is very tasty. . . Brunch: It's a little pricey for brunch but it's worth every penny! I was a fan of their bake salmon and red snapper. Go for their desert section, it's most impressive!. . I ate much more than what I listed. I just can't remember all of it since I had a food coma every single time. Next visit, I will take pictures and share. . . Line gets crazy long during dinner hours, especially during holidays and weekends!
Holy smokes, this buffet (appropriately called "The Buffet") is the pinnacle of all buffets. In Vegas and out. . . You could actually taste the quality in each item. The whimsical and classy plating also helped to enhance the experience. This buffet also stands out to me since the portions are small so you don't get a big slab ofmeat on your plate when all you really wanted was a nibble.. . The price was about $40 for lunch during St. Patty's (ugh, hate increased prices for "holidays").. . Favorite items: fish cakes, pineapple+coconut cup, yogurt and granola made from scratch, congee (they had a congee bar!!!)
I went to Sunday Champagne Brunch at the Wynn while in Vegas a couple of weeks ago. I thought it was a little pricey once you added in the champagne, but the server was pretty good about refilling my glass. The food was delicious, with some inventive items on the menu that I really enjoyed. It was a pretty impressive spread, and the little dessert room was heaven for me. Would I return? Definitely, although I would also like to try the Bellagio sometime to see how it compares. I also went to Wicked Spoon for brunch one day, and I have to say that Wynn was definitely better, from both a food and service standpoint.
My wife and I LOVE this buffet for breakfast; it's the best deal going for $20 during the week. Eggs Benedict, multigrain french toast, breakfast pizza, good selection of healthy stuff if that's your thing, and a multitude of desserts...it's the perfect way to start your day (well not every day or else you'll put on some serious weight!). Nothing else to say, it's just awesome.
I have been to many buffets in Vegas and have pretty good idea about the quality and foods. After doing extensive review searching, I came to Wynn for dinner with 2 friends. This place serves best food - quality, rarity and wowbility is just amazing.  all three of us want to give them 10 star. This is classify place and can be appreciated by any food lovers.
This was the BEST buffet I have ever been to. I ate all I could for $40! I had a ton of crab legs.. They had so much to choose from. Huge variety & fresh & also aesthetically pleasing. The desserts made me feel like I was on a gourmet TV show
By far THE BEST BUFFET, I have ever been to...hands down. I have gone to many buffets and did most of all the buffets Vegas has to offer. The food is excellent, the presentation is out of this world, its clean and neat, good quality food (high grade foods like Kobe beef) and the service is superb. It's like a fine dinning buffet. This was my second time, and I'm still as impressed as the first time. THIS IS A MUST DO BUFFET, trust me!. . P.S. I love the ladies restroom located inside the buffet, very private.
5 buffets in 36 hours... Vegas baby! Yeah!. . 5th of 5. Last one. And the best one.. . Can anyone say crabs? Forgo all the other food until you've had a plate of crab legs. Really, this is simple work to eat, Wynn splits the legs in half for you, so all you have to do is pull out the meat and dip it in their butter sauce. Amazing! I ate 3 plates full of crab legs until i couldn't stand it anymore.. . Then I switched gears and tried the prime rib. I had forgotten how good the Wynn makes their prime rib. It nearly melts in your mouth and tastes very buttery. 10/10 for taste here. You can't get it better. Really!. . Dessert great lineup of choices. They not only looked good, but tasted good. They have crem brule here. They do a good job with it as well. They also serve gelato.. . Restrooms: very nice. You actually have to go tithe outside restrooms to do a diaper change On a baby changing table, but they let you back in for that reason. The stalls are like separate private rooms. They are very nice.
We went around 8:30 am on a Monday morning in early April.  There was virtually no line to get in.  When we left around 10 am, a small line had formed.  I think it's safe to say you won't have to wait long if you get there before 10 am.. . We loved the decor of the Wynn buffet (as well as the hotel).  The dining areas were broken down into smaller areas.  The tables were comfortably spaced.  It was very quiet.. . Our server was very attentive and checked back with us at least 5-6 times.. . The food presentation was beautiful.  My husband and I sampled many different breakfast items.  Everything was delicious.  I especially enjoyed the fresh vanilla pineapple with toasted coconut.  When I saw case after case of breakfast bakery items, I thought I had died and gone to heaven!  We've been to many buffets in Vegas.  In my opinion, the Wynn is tied with the Wicked Spoon for top spot.  For $20, you will get a fabulous gourmet breakfast buffet in upscale surroundings.. . Conclusion:  I highly recommend the Wynn breakfast buffet!
Like a lot of the reviews it is likely the best buffet I've had out of the big casinos.  . . Crab legs were amazing sweet instead of salty as heck as some of the other ones.  . . Prime rib was good. Side dishes were yum.  . Loved the veal and pork chops . Deserts yum. Great selection . Even the pizza was good. . . Still full from it.  And wow wish I found it a lot earlier.  But it is expensive.  . . . Salmon. Eh. Ok. . Asian food eh.
Holy amazing christ. This is the best buffet I've ever been to. It's expensive, yeah, but mind-blowing. The selection is huge, and VERY vegetarian friendly (I think that the owner is a a vegan, or something, so there are a lot of vegetarian and vegan options). Plus there's a pasta bar. Where you pick your pasta, pick your sauce, pick your ingredients... Oh man.. Forget the gambling, come to Vegas to go to this place; arrive for breakfast, and stay until dinner to get your money's worth.
"Soup du jour,. Hot hors d'oeuvres,. Why, we only live to serve.. Try the grey stuff.. It's delicious!. You don't believe me? Ask the dishes!". . Ahh! The Wynn Buffet is SOOOO GOOD! It reminds me of the "Be Our Guest" scene from Beauty and the Beast.. . "Beef ragout,. Cheese souffle,. Pie, and pudding 'en flambe'. We'll prepare and serve with flair.. A culinary cabaret!". . SO GOOD! I can't wait to go back. . . P.S. Crab legs are for dinner time only. Trust me, plates full of crab legs, shrimp, and prime rib make the trip totally worth it. Crab city, bitch. Crab city.. . P.P.S. I'm not sure what it was, but I had gas for days after the buffet. It was quite illuminating. I'm not sure if it was the crab, shrimp, prime rib, salad, cheese, prosciutto, cream puffs, chicken noodle soup, clam chowder, asparagus, or the beets, but DAMN, MY SWAG SMELLED GOOD! My friends and I cruised back to the suite after dinner. I guess they weren't so thrilled about the smell of my chow mein swag leaking out of my butthole but WHATEVER! Bottom line, I went to the Rhino afterwards. I'm not sure what the strippers thought about my swag, but whoever smelt it dealt it. LOL bitches be gettin' trolled, son!
OMGAAAAAH I hit the jackpot of buffets! Every time I go to vegas I always like to try different buffets and had my share of the 24 hour buffet of  buffet pass. Well after eating at the wynn I will explore no more! Normally my friends & I hit this buffet right when we get to vegas (coming from OC, California). We usually get to vegas around 2 so we get to eat both brunch & like most reviewers, we stay til their dinner items come out (double dip yeah so what I'm asian). They definitely have quantity AND quality!. . Meats (brunch):. Prime Rib - pretty good, not too salty and they even grill it for you if it's too red for your liking.. Honey Glazed Bacon - It looked like a giant slice of ham, but I guess it's bacon? Whatever it is, it is bomb dot com! This was probably one of the best meats they have at the carving station and it is DELICIOUS! Especially the crispy edge. Citrus Glazed Side of Salmon - Tasted like any other salmon, but the Terriyaki Grilled Mako fish right next to it was sooooo good! I ate like 2 servings of it.. . I also love creating my own omelet here. Idk why, but the omelet they make here is really good compared to the hundreds of omelets I've eaten over the years at other buffets/restaurants. I always make it out of egg white and add ham, bell peppers, mushrooms, etc.. . They also have a really good asian section that has dim sum with the bbq pork buns, etc but I didn't wanna waste my stomach space on it although I did try the leek and it was awesome! worth trying it if you've never tried before. They also have congee which was pretty cool. I shared some with my bf and i LOVE that they have that asian shredded pork that you put in the congee and of course the asian donut bread thing. There were also noodles, asian stir fry, etc.. .  They also had all the other typical brunch things: waffles, french toast, eggs benedict, etc. I didn't waste stomach space on this either cause hello I'm trynna save room for their yummy dinner foods!. . Meats (dinner):. Oven Roasted Turkey - LOVE it. they have a separate bowl for dark meat and the carver cuts white meat for you. The cranberry sauce they make fresh themselves w/ cranberry and it is sooo good!. They offer Prim Rib & The Salmon also for dinner, but no yummy honey glazed bacon. Kobe Meatloaf - Don't even try it, definitely didn't taste like kobe beef. Cajun Roasted Pork Loin - YUM I think i grabbed 2 of these. They weren't overly salty or chewy. Braised Veal Short Ribs - Worth trying, but wasn't that great for me to grab seconds. . . They take out the omelet section and ta da you get to create your own pasta!! But I didn't wanna load up on carbs so I skipped this, but my friends said it was good. Next to it is their bomb ass brick pizza station. LOVE LOVE LOVE their pizzas!! Make sure you try the basil one! Their crusts are thin and perfectly crispy. My bf always gets like 3 slices.. . Alaskon Opilio Crab Legs - HOLY SHIZZZZ if you're a fan of crab legs and you're that person that gets plates & plates of it then you definitely needa get your butt to this buffet. Within the first like 10 mins they put out the crab legs, it was gone! The crab legs are really fresh here you can taste it in the fibers and it's really sweet not like those other flavorless crab legs at other buffets (aria I'm talkin about you). I pair these up w/ the shrimp cocktail and damn I'm in heaven. . For dinner they take out the congee section and they serve TOM YUM SOUP!!!! This buffet sure knows what asians like and it tastes pretty authentic. The tom yum soup was just as good as any other thai restaurant and the spice level was perfect. . I can go on & on about their other foods, but it's pretty extensive so I'm just gonna skip onto the desserts!. . They have a pretty big bakery section and they look all cute, but I just dove right in for the gelato & make your own crepe section. The gelato here is really good and not overly sweet. The texture is sort of more ice cream like too. I added these on top of the crepes and it was so yummy. There was also this warm delicious brownie thing that I put vanilla gelato on shit was so good!. . Yes I know I'm a skinny little asian girl that can sure pack it at the buffet, but hey it's a buffet! Overall this buffet is worth it
Eating at a buffet is sort of like womanizing. . . If there are no rules against eating (or sleeping) around, a man is going to keep trying new dishes (or women) until his body can't take it anymore. . . Eating at the Hometown Buffet is sort of like womanizing on the lowest level. The food is high in quantity, but low in quality. You end up eating a lot of dry fried chicken, greasy processed tacos, and melted frozen yogurt topped with high fructose corn syrup. Yuck.. . So when it comes womanizing, you are essentially taking home girls with an abundance of tattoos, drug problems, and daddy issues. Hot. Kidding. Well, sort of.. . Eating at the Buffet at the Wynn is womanizing at the highest level. Every food station is a high caliber, high quality meal in itself. You enjoy freshly made Caeser salad, delicious chicken soup, and the fresh fish of the day. Yum.. . That is kind of like dating a very pretty girl, with a slim figure, educated, ambitious, kind, thoughtful, and with a good family background. This would satisfy just about any man. But a man is only faithful as his options. . . At the Buffet at the Wynn, you have the option(s) of continuing on to the next food station(s) and enjoying another classy culinary experience like fresh Tom Yum soup, fresh crab legs, and a dessert station you have to see to believe. So you end up pretty girlfriend with a hot mistress, a hot mistress to your hot mistress, and a hot mistress to your hot mistress' hot mistress. If that makes any sense.. . So if you are in Las Vegas and want to eat a buffet, you can pay $20 and go to Hometown Buffet (aka the Excalibur Buffet) or you can drop $40 and visit the Buffet at the Wynn. You can take the Tiger Woods approach. Or you can take the Derek Jeter approach. Two athletes. Both rich. Both ugly. But one has a "hit list" that rivals that of James Bond.. . Remember, eating at a buffet is sort of like womanizing. But eating at the Buffet at the Wynn is sort of like womanizing at the highest level of Derek Jeter, James Bond, and Archie G.
= = = = =  THIS IS "THE BUFFET'" AT WYNN  = = = = =. . When seven of us stormed in to Vegas day before yesterday to tear it up & bite our way through some more of the Buffets on the Strip, we started with the one at Bellagio, which was just terrific!  Of course the question became, "Where do we go from THAT tomorrow?!"  We settled in on this one here at the Wynn, & here's how it was yesterday:. . *  Price:  Same.  (Weekday Lunch Buffet here is $23.99, $4.04 more than Bellagio, but we arrived just before 11 AM & were charged the $19.99 Breakfast price.     :-). . *  Food array:  Exactly the same huge number of dishes as Bellagio, 179 plus sauces & dressings.     :-). . *  Service:  Ok, but formal, not friendly.  (Bellagio wasn't lovey dovey either, really.). . I started with some of their Manhattan Clam Chowder, which was great.  I also really liked my bowl of their Tom Yum Soup later during the meal, which the Soup Chef (!) fixes up for you to order!  . . The Cornish Game Hen with special spices was delicious, & so on, but let's just shorten it to "everything was terrific"!  (A number of the dishes won't be the same when you come, anyway.). . To steal a quote from Barenaked Ladies, I'm "like LeAnn Rimes because I'm all about value," so I have to say that Bellagio beats Wynn here by a hair if you pay $23.99 for your lunch here.  If you get in for $19.99, Wynn wins by a hair.  Either way, I loved this place & so will you!     :-)). . Note:  All members of your party must be seated at the same time.
Wow, there is something for everybody. The breakfast buffet at $19.95 .  Is a good deal. Plenty of te usual but don't miss the smoked salmon, creamed herring, Chinese pork dumplings. Fruit and yogurt area nice if you are into that. So much good food and then tere is another area for dessert. Too full to even try.  Some of the items were small like bagels but for good reason too many other things to try!  You could graze here and not eat another meal that day. Everything high quality
Best buffet in Vegas.  If you want to have the dinner menu for the lunch cost, arrive around 2:30 and get in just before they change out all the food.  . . Prime rib is a staple in Vegas buffets and here it is done really well.  The mashed potatoes are superb.  . . The different stations each have good food and the deserts are fantastic.  The gelato bar is a must.  . . Crab legs are available at dinner.  Veal on the weekend with dinner.
5 stars for the decor, but minus 1/2star for wait in the long lines.  the foodselection is not as abundant as other buffet's (i.e the M) but the quality is good.  However, my ratings of buffets weigh heavily on their dessert bar- very good, and size is small enough that you can have more w/o feeling as guilty.
At Last count this Buffet has 1971 reviews.... I don't need to tell you about how great the food is.  If you haven't got it by now, you never will.. . So, instead... let me tell you how to get deals.  Beware if you have morals STOP reading.. . OK, first tip.  I signed up for their player card.  No biggie right?  Easy, breezy beautiful gambling girl.  But here is the catch.... if you rack up enough points on that day you get 2 passes to the Buffet.  So what did I do?  I got my money and sat at the Nickel and Quarter slots.  I got free drinks, won $200 AND ate at the Buffet free.. . Next tip.  Go half an hour before dinner pricing starts.  But eat slow..... if at all.  Then when dinner kicks in (and the crab comes out) attack that buffet as if your life depended on it.  That worked for me..... except we ate so much we couldn't drive home and had to get a room for another night.  I ate myself into a coma.. . But it was so worth it.
I finally enjoyed a buffet!  As a vegan all I ever ate at buffets were fruit and salad!  The Wynn had several vegan labeled items.  I loved the vegan ravioli with cashew sauce and the vegan tapioca.  Thank you Chef who showed me all the vegan options.   Thank you Mr. Wynn.  I will return.
It's a Vegas buffet for crying out loud!  What more could you ask for?  The Wynn Buffet is known as the king of buffets in Vegas.  I have to agree that it is quite phenomenal.  . . We went on a Monday around lunch time, and the wait was quick and painless.  This buffet, compare to the Bellagio, is much more spacious.  You actually have walking room while deciding what foods you want to stack on your plate.  . . I really enjoyed the chicken noodle soup and the New England clam chowder.  For some reason I really enjoyed the pizza.  They tasted very fresh, and the dough was so soft, and a tad bit sweet.  There were also some very interesting curry noodles that caught my eye and stomach.  They were so spicy, yet so good.  Yum!  . . Great buffet.  Will come here again!
I really love this buffet! I stayed in Vegas for a week and everyday we ate out to 2 or 3 places a day. This was the first one we went to and my favorite. We went at dinner time. The seafood was amazing. I love the crab legs. I am use to eating hot crablegs. Here they served them cold. Which is still fine. Also the crab legs were already cut so no messy eating (well...less of a mess). I only ate seafood but my other favorite part was the desert! They were all in cute small portions!  My service was fair and the food was great!
Had breakfast here on my last trip to Vegas last year...AWESOME.  I usually don't expect much out of a breakfast buffet as it is the typical foods with the omelet station.  This took it to another level.  Favorites included the yogurt parfaits and hash browns.  People were rushing to the hash browns every time they were refilled...hash browns?  Trust me...excellent.  Atmosphere and wait staff excellent as well.
love it ! :) i was here this morning for brunch and i was lucky!! not much of a long line around 11am ;) the food is very good, the place is very pretty, the service is good and i love the desert! :) it is kind of expensive but it was worth it :)
This is a really nice buffet!. . Plenty of selection and quality. I might have had 5-7 plates of food, kind of lost count.. . Go here to grub, went to the Bellagio Buffet and was definitely more impressed with The Wynn.
My new favorite buffet in Vegas (I have been to many... Bellagio, Paris, Mirage, Rio, Luxor, etc.).   Went for lunch ($26) and was amazed by the great variety and quality of the food.     Here is a list of some of my favorite things on the buffet:   flank steak, carved turkey,  corn bread topped w/ BBQ and coleslaw.  Eggs Benedict, Tortilla bowl of carnitas,  low mein, fried rice, potstickers, tasty thin sliced pizza, split pea risotto, variety of seafood.    They had some sushi and shellfish as well.   The best thing, of course, about the buffet is the dessert room.   They have different types of gelato, carrot cake bites, rocky road cake, pina colada mousse shooters and much more..   Definitely will go back
This was the nicest buffet of the half dozen or so that we visited in Vegas. The atmosphere more than anything else outshone every other buffet. Really classy and beautiful. The food was great, although not especially vegetarian friendly. Dessert especially was amazing. Also better than any of the other buffets was the service, which was extremely friendly, personable, and professional.
This time, there was no wait.  NO WAIT at 6:30pm!  Have I walked into heaven?. . I ate as much crab and prime rib as my stomach would hold, and once again wished I had the constitution of the ancient Romans, who would visit the vomitorium and eat some more.  This is the one location where that practice makes sense.. . The smoked salmon and creme brulee are still delicious as well, but crab with a fountain of melted butter will always steal my heart.  Back off.
This place is so dank. Probably my favorite buffet of all time. Quality and also quantity of the food is amazing. Service was also not bad. . . (Factoring in that this is a buffet..). . What to get... . Prime rib- Ranges from 3-5 stars. If you get a good cut it's tender, juicy and delicious. If you get a bad cut it could be a bit dry but still alright. . . King Crab Legs- 5 stars. These king crab legs were probably the best ones I've had at a buffet. Very fresh, not too salty, not too cold. . . Veal Ribs- 5 stars- Probably my favorite thing at the buffet. Meat was fall off the bone tender. . . Indian Chicken- 4.5 stars- Delicious. Moist, tender and seasoned perfectly. . . Salmon- 4 stars. Pretty bomb, make sure to slather the sauce they provide for you. . . Smoked Salmon- 4.3 stars. It was really good smoked salmon.... . Create your own pasta- 4 stars. . Creme Brulee- 4 stars (Bellagio's is better). . . Fried Chicken- 4 stars. It was some dank ass fried chicken. Meat was really moist and tender inside, and the skin was perfectly crisp and seasoned well. . . Pineapples- 5 stars. Theses were the best pineapples I've ever had. Not just at buffets. . . Mediocre Stuff. . Soup noodles- 3 stars. The broth is great but I wasn't a fan of the noodles. The beef and toppings were pretty decent as well. . . Risotto- 2-4 stars. The first time I got it, it was really good but the second time for some reason it tasted kinda weird. . . Pizza- 3.5 stars. It was not bad but not to die for either. . . Gelato- It was cool that there was gelato at a buffet, but I've had better gelato. . . Kobe Meatloaf- 3.5 stars- It was pretty decent but the sauce was a bit much. . . Shrimp Cocktail- 3.5- Decent, good size, but I feel like I've had fresher shrimp. . . What not to get... . Turkey- 1.5 stars. Dry.
For those who are planning to eat here soon, I have recorded a full HD Walk-Through of the entire buffet station at Wynn. (Probably the best footage on YouTube).  So if you guys want to see what they serve for dinner before you guys dine there, click on the YouTube link to see the Wynn buffet in HD:. . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ws5o24QQg3E. . . I had a great time eating at this fancy buffet. I have yet to eat at Bellagio buffet. So I would have to say that this is the nicest and fanciest buffet I have ever dined at Vegas. . . We had a great server that always came by and clear our dishes. . . I love how the foods were displayed on a nice white plate instead of aluminum tray at the station for us to go and grab it. All the crab legs were already sliced in half, so you wouldn't need a claw cracker. The only complained was that I wish the crab legs were steam instead of being chill.. . It was kind of pricey at almost 40 bucks with taxes. I wish this was part of the 24 hours.. . They also have the best dessert bar in term of dessert presentation. I love the crepe station.. . Overall, I love this place. It makes me feel like I'm living the high life. I definitely will try out Bellagio on my next visit to Vegas before dining at Wynn buffet again.
As far as buffets go, this is the Grand Daddy of them all.  Wow! I normally avoid buffet's like the plague b/c I think they're gross and I usually don't get my money's worth of food.  If all buffet's were like THIS though, I'd be happy to frequent them more often.. . The dining room is lovely- really pretty, decorated nicely, and clean.  We had great service when ordering our drinks, getting our bill and for any questions we had.. . Now for the best part- the food!  I LOVE how clean the buffet area is- and it never felt crowded when I went to get a dish even though there were tons of people there.  There is def something for everyone. I did have one major mis-step though:  I didn't save room for dessert and my eyes popped out of my head when I saw how pretty and delicous their desserts looked.  FAIL on my part.  Next time I come, I will be sure to hit the desserts first! :)
The best when it comes to buffets in Vegas. Super high quality, amazing selection. On Sundays, they have Chinese porridge; hits the spot if you happen to be hungover. Pricey, but worth it if you are into buffets.
We almost skipped this place because we got a little sick of having buffet. Glad that we did not. The food is excellent. I love the dessert, the veal spareribs, kobe meatloaf, the asian food including their noodle soup. My hunny loves the lamb, he had 3 portions of the lambs.
I seriously do not understand how people can say anything negative about The Buffet. For a buffet, there was a huge selection of better quality food. I was amazed that when I was in search of the best buffet to invest in while in Vegas, so many vegas websites did not list the Wynn. I trusted fellow yelpers when it came to making the decision and they did not steer me wrong. The prices are high, but I would rather add a few bucks for the selection and quality here.. . The prime rib was incredibly tender and juicy here for a buffet. The king crab legs were also very fresh. They also had a selection of different thin crust pizzas that were sooo good! The dessert bar is really phenomenal, though. It was the highlight of the entire buffet. From the made to order crepes, gelatos, cakes (there was a mint mojito cake that tasted SPOT ON like the drink!) , pies, candies, and more, the dessert itself is just simply to die for!
This, along with Wicked Spoon at Cosmo, are the two best buffets on the strip. . . The decor was beautiful, the service was amiable and friendly, and the food is awesome. I didn't see anything sitting for long periods of time, everything for the most part was hot, flavorful and really, really tasty. . . I especially appreciate the crab legs, and the shrimp, and the prime rib and Yorkshire pudding was divine.
The best buffet I ever! When I think of a "buffet" I think of dry, cheap food that has been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. This place shouldn't even be called a buffet by those standards. It should be called heaven.
We tried this buffet because 1. we were staying at the Encore, and 2. we heard it was the best for vegan and gluten free options, and were so impressed that we actually ate here twice, once for breakfast (which crossed into lunch just as we were finishing) and once for dinner.. . For breakfast, I was very impressed with the omelette station, the variety of smoked fish, and the great selection of fresh and dried fruits, yogurts and granola. My omelette was packed full of my requested toppings and perfectly cooked - and I was unsure how high my expectations should be given the line of people the cook had waiting for him. Even for vegans and celiacs, there were tons of options - ie., I'm not even mentioning the large portions of the buffet that I didn't touch, for example sausages, pancakes, waffles, bacon, toast, cereal, etc. . . There were also Mexican and Chinese food options available for breakfast; I tried the corn frittata and the hot bean mixture from the former and the pineapple fried rice from the latter, all of which were very tasty.. . For dinner, there is an even larger selection of cuisine types available. My personal favourite was the antipasto station with an awesome array of meats, cheeses, olives, dried fruits and nuts, and spreads such as hummus, baba ghanouj, and olive and artichoke tapanades. I also absolutely loved the sweet pea risotto (and I don't usually like peas!) and the Thai basil rice noodle stir fry. Not to mention the hot and cold seafood options - I only tried the smoked salmon and a small bite of a couple of the hot fish dishes because I was enjoying everything else so much, but the crab legs looked impressive.  Again, there is a ton that I am not even mentioning, for example the sushi, the pasta bar and pizza in the Italian section, the Chinese section, and the American section with fresh carved turkey and roast beef for the meat and potatoes crowd. Point being, once again, options galore. . . Although a celiac and not a big dessert person, I would be remiss to mention the buffet without raving about the dessert station. Even though I couldn't eat them, you couldn't help but be charmed and impressed by the little cups full of cute little dessert creations, as well as the cupcakes and other assorted goodies. As for what I could have, the gelato station made me feel like a kid ordering an old fashioned ice cream sundae, and there were a few other excellent gluten free options, including but not limited to fresh fruit.. . The atmosphere was lovely, the seating space was very large so we didn't have to wait too long, and the service was great, especially for a buffet. Yes, it is on the pricey side, but absolutely worth it for the variety and quality of the food. Also, my absolute favourite part? For dinner, for an extra $10, you can get all-you-can-drink mimosas, champagne and Bloody Marys. Every time we went to grab some more food, the drink that we ordered was waiting for us when we got back to our table. Perfect!
Why are you even scrolling down to read reviews? JUST GO.. . If you are a first-timer, here are instructions on how to eat here:. . STEP ONE: . If you want to be chingchonglinglong cheap, you should get your butt in line around 2:45pm (depending on what day it is of course) to pay the lunch price and get dinner food.. . STEP TWO:. Sit yourself down in the garden themed rooms and stuff yourself with an unlimited amount of dericious prime rib, mashed potatoes, CREME BRULEE, cocktail shrimp, etc. . . STEP THREE: . When 3:25pm rolls around, stop stuffing yourself and get in line for KING CRAB LEGS. . . STEP FOUR:. While you're in line, do some jumping jacks and lunges to lose some of the food baby.. . STEP FIVE:. Proceed to pile your plate, or plateS, with the fattest, cleanest, freshest, and longest king crab legs you'll ever see. (While you're near the seafood section, stop by and grab some more refill of cocktail shrimp). . STEP SIX:. Repeat steps 2, 4, and 5 until you LITERALLY cannot walk without looking pregnant anymore.. . STEP SEVEN:. Go clubbing at night to lose the weight and come back the next day!. . I hope that helped! Enjoy.
Finally... a buffet where Quantity = Quality. Of course, it is still a buffet, so, don't come expecting this to be a 5-star dining experience or some romantic dinner for two. The Buffet at Wynn Las Vegas is a 5-star buffet experience ... with buffet being the key word.. . We came for dinner and left about 2 1/2 hours later. I'm sure our waitress thought we were pigs. I know we felt like pigs ... and didn't really care because we loved the food so much.. .  - Fresh-prepared food like a Pasta counter, Salad station, and custom Crepes .  - Mounds of Crab Legs and Shrimp.  - Lamb, Prime Rib, & Game Hen.  - Try to get a table in the well-lit courtyard. It's a nicer atmosphere..  - Gelato, Candied Apples, Profiteroles, and Chocolate-covered Marshmallows.  - Cheeses and Charcuterie.  - Dim Sum dumplings (so-so) and other Asian dishes.  - More, more, and more.. . It may sound like every other buffet and while it is, it also isn't. The little things are nicer. The food is better. The buffet is better.
okay wow this was amazing. first enjoy the scenery as you walk into this REALLY pretty hotel lobby. and just that alone was enough for my appetite. . . next walk past the tables and enjoy the hotel. MAKE SURE YOU WEAR SLEEVES. nothing less than a tshirt or there is a 1299 FEE for a shirt. . . 40$ for the buffet was to be expected so its fine.. . the food selection is plentiful. and the quality of the food is amaze balls lol.. . i like to do a section at a time at the buffet so that im not so over whelmed, each section did not dissapoint at all.. . the DESSERT MADE ME THINK I NEVER NEED to have sex again hahaha! okay maybe not soo dramatic but it was that good. def make a crepe! the selection isnt as big as the other buffets but its enough and THEY ARE SO GOOD.. . the service was kind of slow for someone who only had a few tables but thats okay. im not expecting the waiter to be at my side the entire time.. . a must go.
The Wynn Buffet what can I say, I think it's the best Buffet in Las Vegas! $37pp for dinner. They offer sliced Alaskan King Crab legs, jumbo shrimp, sushi, homemade pasta station, fresh soups, Seabass, Swordfish, Lamb, Prime Rib, Euro imported cheeses, Brick oven pizzas, tasty desserts, etc. Everything is high quality and sauces are kept to a minimum to avoid pools of grease! When I go I usually end up eating for 2.5hrs because I can't get enough!
Tons of people have hyped up the Wynn Buffet to me... It did not disappoint. Prime rib, roast turkey, crab legs, veal, pasta cooked to order, quality meat and cheese selections and the prettiest dessert area I've ever seen. Totally worth the 30 some dollars. Everything I tried was amazing. If you like buffets, you need to go here.
Vegas is all about doing it over-the-top. Partying, drinking, eating, gambling aka wasting money unless you're lucky for once, shopping, tanning, lying to strangers...as long as you're doing it over the top, then Sin City is your oyster. . . So what better place to get brunch to nurse your hangover than an all-you-can-eat buffet? But wait. Not just any buffet. THE buffet to go is located at the Wynn. Here you can overindulge feeling classy all the while you are stuffing your gut with their huge assortment of food. Asian? Check. Mexican? Check. Italian? Check. American? Check. Unless you're a vegan with a wheat & nut allergy and a general hate for all things food, you'll find something here to please your palate. . . What's great about a buffet is that you can take a little bit of everything and then return for a larger portion of what you liked the best. Or keep trying things... By plate four (overflowing) I felt I hadn't even made a dent in the options available. There are fresh salads, soups, lots of meats, various egg dishes, a made-to-order omelet station, ham carving station, stir fry woks, pizzas, etc. etc. You'll discover something new with every trip to the food spreads. . . Secret tip: Be smart like us and get there around 10-10.30am. That way you can have all the breakfast options and then at 11am when they start serving lunch youcan have a whole new buffet spread to choose from (and you only paid the brunch price). Pure indulgence. Food coma will ensue. Get the $10 bottomless champagne/mimosas to swish all that food down.. . Lastly, a trip to the dessert display can never be avoided. This is my favorite part of any buffet. Who doesn't like little dessert concoctions served in shot glasses and mini pie slices on small plates? The Buffet at Wynn outdoes themselves every time on the desserts. Marshmallows on a stick dipped in white/milk/dark chocolate sprinkled with crunchy chopped nuts and rainbow sprinkles. Candied apples. Ice cream. Pastries. Fruit tartlets. Cakes. Pies. Mousses. Cookies. Eclairs. Beignets. *SIGH* everything a sweet tooth could ever want is waiting right here for you. My favorites were the rocky road cake and the mint mojito pie.
4.5 stars but I'll round up! :). . This is my second favorite buffet in Vegas (after Wicked Spoon). Again, the quality of the food you get here is totally worth the price! I especially love the sweet pea risotto and the crepe station :) YUM.. . One trick is to come here during lunch and stay until dinner! That way, you get to try both lunch and dinner menu, but only paying the lunch price! However, you'll probably be wasting a lot of your time in Vegas here, but hey, it's worth it!
First it was smaller than Rio, or Bellagio.  But this works in the favor of the atmosphere.  No need to walk more than about 200 ft from end to end.  Most of the food is prepared on demand or they have it such small quantities it doesn't sit very long before a new batch has to be prepared.  This is great for keeping down that sense that it has been sitting there for days.  The desert doesn't kill you with sweetness but is a nice send off to a great experience.  Some tables gathered each of the available deserts to taste test each which I thought was a good sign.. . Personally I wish I had more room to taste what I could not get too because of my limited space.. . Highly recommended.
Great "classic" buffet, i.e. the type of buffet that would please my parents. The crepe bar, cheese and charcuterie selection are good. The seafood (crab legs / shrimp cocktail) are exactly how I would want them to be. I really don't believe in long lines for food so I never come at true dinner time and instead opt for earlier eating.
2nd experience here, decor is great, sit in the atrium , service was good, selection is great, food was awesome!  1st time I came here there was a looong wait to get seated, this time however there was very short wait time. The only negative is they charge extra for champagne or mimosa  :-(
I absolutely LOVE this buffet!!!! It has everything you can possibly want. It has a great selection of meats, desserts, Asian food, seafood, and appetizers. I got the prime rib end cut and it was to die for. Also, the shrimp tempura and vegetables are delicious. One of the things that certainly stands out about this place is that the king crab legs are already cut for you, so you don't have to do all the work of opening the legs to get the meat. The crab and big shrimp alone make it worthwhile. Also, in the dessert area you can make your own crepes with whatever toppings you want. Everything is so delicious here definitely my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.
Fri/sat buffet is the best time to go all u can eat...Crab legs..save plenty of room for the wonderful desserts.
must try if you are in vegas! brisket so damn delicious. crab legs cracked in half already. shrimp peeled already. best buffet hands down
Fantastic, huge buffet.   We waited about 20min. to get in on a Saturday around 10am.. . Eggs, fruit, salad, Mexican fare, potato sides, etc.. . Many fish options- salmon, shark, etc, were a nice surprise.. . I didn't even touch the sushi section, but it looked good, too.. . Gelato for dessert, along with several bite-size cheesecakes and pastries.
The Seafood Buffet was my current favorite Vegas buffet...until I went here. Ambiance was a great part of it, just the sheer opulence going into the dining area was exceptional. Staff were helpful and polite. Roast beef med-rare was phenomenal, as was the brisket, which melt in your mouth, even after removing the fatty spots. They had Kobe-style burgers too. My only low point was the cold and less than tender lamb they served. Alaskan King crab was meaty, NY pizza authentic, as was the Oysters Rockefeller. Maybe no actual Pernod in the Oysters Rockefeller but still a delight. Sweet pineapple, dried figs, cheeses...this is a glutton's dream, I mean, an epicure's dream, like me. Gelato and other desserts were also to die for. I'll be back, soon, I hope!
This review is for the breakfast buffet. I've eaten the breakfast buffet at the Wynn 6 times now and it's been great every time. Simply put -- it's the King of the Buffets in Vegas. Only $19.95 during the week...a deal that can't be beat. The quality is always at least good at a minimum and usually very good or better. The selection is huge! The service is usually excellent, which is rare for a buffet.. . Update: back again today for breakfast. I hit the buffet jackpot today. Everything I typically get at this buffet was hot and fresh...they literally were putting in fresh food right before I went to each item. Needless to say it was great....fresh eggs, tasty lightly crisp bacon, excellent sausage, and the little hash browns are amazing!!!! Who knew hash browns could taste this good. . . I read a lot of negative comments in these reviews about various restaurants, complaining about how overpriced the meals are. Well, I'm here to tell you The Buffet at the Wynn is not one of those places. Considering what I ate, it's a much better deal than my local breakfast place is. Plus it's at the Wynn, the decor is off the charts and I'm in Vegas. This gets my highest recommendation for a buffet anywhere.. . Buffets are what they are.  You can eat a lot of food for a good price. The compromise is there will always be some variance in quality depending on the timing of when they put down a fresh pan/bowl of food. If you arrive right after that, you've hit the jackpot. If you get to the station after the food item has been there a while and there's not much left, you're gonna find is not hot and it might be dried out a bit. Take a temporary pass and wait til they fill it up again. If you always want fresh then go to a regular place and order from the menu.
My favorite buffet in Vegas.  Most places have one or two things thats really good, and everything is just kinda average.  But over here, EVERYTHING was really good.  It's the priciest one out of all the hotel strip buffets, but totally worth it.  . . Last time, me and some buddies had champagne brunch here.  And then we kept drinking after we finished eating cause they keep the refills going until you're done.  By the time they switched out the food to dinner items, we were hungry again and had dinner there as well.
i ate here about 7 years ago right after it first opened and have been talking about it ever since. It was like no buffet I have ever experienced. When we planned our trip to Vegas last week I insisted we go there and hyped it up pretty good to my husband, who got pretty excited for it. Then when we were in line, I had a "oh crap" moment. Did I hype it up so much that it couldn't possibly meet expectations? Do I just remember it being better than what it was? Did I put it on a pedestal it would never live up to? Well, the answers are no, no, and no. It was still awesome and we both loved it and had to restrain ourselves from eating every meal here.. . An added bonus from last time - Steve Wynn added vegan/vegetarian options to all his menus, and I was happy the buffet was included. I am a vegetarian and the amount of options for me were endless. Also, it made it very clear when there was meat in something that wasn't completely obvious, taking out a lot of the guess work I am faced with at places like this. And their vegan options? If I could cook like this, I would go vegan, no problem. The vegan alfredo sauce, which I tried elsewhere and hated, was better than the real alfredo sauce they had. Even my carnivorous husband was impressed. Don't worry meat eaters, there are still more than enough options for you. But usually when a veg goes to a buffet we don't get as much out of it as meat eaters - not the case at the Wynn.. . Also, about the price. No, it's not cheap, but I have a hard time finding anything in Vegas, at least on the strip, that is cheap. Unless you are going to the dive of dives of course. But instead of stopping at a random restaurant at a hotel and getting a bill for $75 (two people) for mediocre food, which seemed standard, I would rather pay the extra $5-10 here and eat my heart out.
The best buffet in Vegas. Steak is amazing~ the veal is unique, dessert has various style, I love cream caramel most.. If you get in before 3:00 pm, you can enjoy the buffet with 24.99, that's good price!
everything bursting with flavor, crazy. . not as much selection as some of the other buffets but i didn't care cuz of the flavors. . no tiramisu made me sad
I'm not a huge fan of buffets because I can't eat that much... however after going to The Buffet at the Wynn Las Vegas, I really wish I could eat more than a plate of food so I could have tried everything out! . . Walking around the tables of food, there are so many different choices for brunch. They had the traditional items from a continental breakfast (bacon, eggs, eggs benedict, etc.), assorted fruits/ fruit salads, prime rib, etc. Basically anything your heart desires, it's at this buffet! The best part is absolutely saved for last. I don't even have a sweet tooth and my mouth watered at the sight of all the different cake pops, puddings and gelato at your disposal. . . Make sure you wear larger pants before you come in. You're gonna need the extra space. My friends and I left The Buffet very happy but needed a quick nap from the food coma.
Here are some things I enjoyed in this buffet - Overall Italian selection, Precut crab legs, Braised ribs w/ garlic mash, and extravagant dessert section. There is a large selection throughout the whole buffet without any repeat dishes at the other end, so make sure to check everything out!
I think Wynn is the best buffet in Vegas.  Clean, gorgeous attractive room, wonderful selections and plenty big!. . We didn't get to eat in the main room with the flowers but wow, that looked very nice.  I also like how they list their main items on a board outside before you walk in to decide if its for you.. . They had some really interesting items: Tandoori game hens, for one.  It really hits on all of my criteria for a good buffet: clean, fresh looking food, interesting items, variety.. . If you're thinking Caesar's or Bellagio for a dinner buffet, come to the Wynn.  It's worth the trip up the strip a bit!
The best value on the strip! The Buffett at the Wynn is beautiful. The price is low compared to other 5 star properties on the strip, with breakfast just $19.99 per person. Anything you want, they have it. Want pizza for breakfast? Got it. Want a shrimp cocktail or sushi? Got it. Truly decadent and its all delicious. Its a staple
Amazing eats.  So much choice its hard.  particularly loved the honey bacon (carved then and there), the euro meat selection, and the marshmallow cake pops.  Totally worth the dollars (and the lbs!!)
Take it from a fat guy, this place is awesome! Shrimp, Crab legs, sushi, asian dishes, pastas, salads, all were great. The Dessert bar had literally everything. My partners and I took a picture of the what we had gotten and put it on FB. Had comments about wow, that dessert cart looks awesome and had to explain no, thats what we had.
At the Wynn buffet you get what you pay for. It's more expensive than other buffets but it's so worth it. I've tried 6 Las Vegas buffet and this is by far the best in my opinion. There is a wide variety of delicious, carefully prepared meals for all tastes including vegetarians and vegans. This is the only buffet I've been to, including several cruises, where I've seen so many delicious options for vegans including made on the spot pastas. There are several dishes they can prepare on the spot for you. Not to mention the dessert section which is one room especially dedicated for really succulent sweets that include gelatto and crepes.. All these deliciousness is set in a gorgeous room very nicely decorated with beautiful flower arrangements and pastel colors.. Service was excellent. Highly recommend this buffet, if you're in Las Vegas this is a must!
There really is no other good buffet place I found on the Vegas Strip before going to the Wynn. Their dinner buffet was phenomenal!!! I went with a group and it was astounding. The crab legs were already cut in half so it was easy to scoop the meat out. The Prime Rib was very juicy and very good. My friend said it was the best prime rib he's had. . . And of course the desserts ;)     They had candied apple, chocolates, cookies, cakes, you name it. . . Definitely if I go back to Vegas I'm stopping here again. So worth the price per person!
Great looking buffet at the Wynn with all the art pieces around the tables and the sun roof above some of the dining tables was stunning. I'll admit the food options was fantastic asking with my favorite king crab legs and medium sized cocktail shrimp but the Bellagio Buffet and the Bachannel Buffet at Caesars were much better. . . The surroundings was great to look at while eating with the fresh flowers and art but they just didn't have enough of a selection compared to the previous buffets mentioned but the dessert section had a great selection.
I told the server I am a vegetarian and she immediately introduced me to Steven (the chef). Steven took his time showing me and my other half around the entire buffet, calling out all of the vegetarian and vegan choices, noting his personal favorites, and giving us tips and tricks for how to best attack the buffet. AMAZING. I have never gotten service like that ANYWHERE.. . The veggie options are plentiful, including lentils, maple squash with almonds and cherries, 4 fabulous salads, polenta cakes, pasta and pizza (obviously), tomato bisque, an Asian stir fry, I could go on and on and on.. . Five stars for making a vegetarian feel loved in a land where crab legs typically reign supreme. I don't remember the buffet being this veggie friendly 2 years ago, but I believe that was right around when Steve Wynn went vegan, so maybe the appropriate menu expansion hadn't been completed yet.
I came here and spent $40 (!) on dinner here, and you know what? It was worth every penny, if not for the desserts alone. Food was amazing (laser-cut crab legs!), and there was a very wide range of cuisines. Definitely would come again, but for lunch when it's (hopefully) cheaper.
Best food we had on the strip! And plenty of gluten free and vegetarian options. Great desserts, but honestly, the crabs were just so-so -- served cold and cut in half. But the rest of the buffet was amazing. California rolls with real crab, roasted butternut squash with dried cherries and almonds, and the chef made me a Chicken Scallopini fresh, so I could enjoy it gluten free. Definitely worth the price ($40).
Best prime rib and incredible desserts. Of all the Vegas Buffets this is my favorite.  A bit pricey compared to the old days but the food quality is soooo much better than a typical buffet.
HONESTLY the BEST BUFFET I have ever been to! Ate at the Carnival World Buffet on Monday and thought that was good, but boy was I mistaken.. . I ate for 2 hours .. never got sick! I had to get my money's worth .. and it was worth playing at the Encore and Wynn to earn a free buffet. I would pay full price any day!. . PROS:. -variety. -fresh seafood. -beautiful decor and atmosphere. -attentive staff. -clean facility . -hot food. -desserts that will make you cry! . -dinner starts at 3:30pm - so you can start early. -can get 2 free if you play on your redcard and get 750 points. It is not that hard to do, did it in an afternoon just playing slots. You will not break the bank, you were already planning on gambling right?. . CONS:. -I would say price, but it is totally worth it. . . . I ate 3 full plates of pre-cut crab legs. My husband ate things he had never had before like Veal and exotic meats and fish. This was a great experience!
THE BEST BUFFETT IN VEGAS. 5 star BUFFETT, 5 STAR QUALITY, even 5 star rice!. . I've been to vegas 5 times in the last 3 years and I do go to wynn at least 2 times per visit! sometimes me and my bf want to take a day trip just to eat there!! haha. . Heres a few tips (get arnold ice tea). . -Sushi! I love how they put real crab in their california roll.  I actually see them picking the crab meat out of the  crab.  Also get the spicy salmon handroll.. . -prime rib!! or any of their meats that they offer! make sure to get creamy horseradish. . try everything!! they have a huge selection!. . Desserts!!!!. . Creme brulee is the BEST I tried in my lifetime!!!. . Everything is good... .  If you want to cheat the system and pay less you can do this. I am not a scammer, but one time me and my bf ate during breakfast around 10:30. breakfast food is good!!! but of course you at least stay there for an hour....then the LUNCH food comes and you are still there!! and you paid BREAKFAST price.. I think you can save 10$/person so 20/couple.
I can really say I was unbiased about this buffet since I wasn't all that hungry when I came.. . Trick: come at the end of brunch, so you pay for brunch prices but get to taste both brunch and dinner food!. . Everything I got was pretty delicious/decent. The prime rib was ok but the king crab legs were REALLY good. The creme brulee is to die for (which is saying alot from me because I am a chocolate person)
CFC here with another food review. :-) . . So let's talk about the Wynn. When you walk into a place that looks like something Master P would find a bit "over the top"... you can't expect the price for the buffet to be the same as Circus Circus. The dinner buffet is going to cost you about $40 bucks, without tip. I actually expected it to be more. The menu items tell you right away where the money goes. Prime rib, game hen, quail, corn flake fried chicken, seafood, pasta... and the list goes on and on. They have Asian, American, Italian food and I'm probably missing a few with that list. Also, I'm not a dessert person, but they have one of the better cheese cakes I've ever tasted. I would also give an honorable mention to the carrot cake. . . I'm not the kind of person who goes out for an evening and eats quail or game hen. So the Buffet at the Wynn was a new experience for me. I have to say I was pleasantly surprised at the level of service, the food and the attention to detail. It lived up to it's reputation as the best Buffet in Las Vegas.
What a spread!  This was my first buffet in Las Vegas and it did not dissapoint.  I was startled by the price (over $40) but upon seeing all the food I can understand why.  Salad, soup, pizza, deli cuts, meatloaf, sausage, sushi, crab legs and pasta.  All you could want to eat in one place... the glory of buffets.  I loved the kobe meatloaf and wagyu ravioli.  The pizza was good (nothing spectacular) but what was really nice was the dessert room (yes a room for dessert).  Our wait staff was very friendly (they gave us females in the group a cd of Wynn music) and the furnishings in the area were lovely.
WOW!  I mean WOW!  . Entered the line at the end of the brunch/lunch menu so when we got to our seconds they were placing out dinner!  FOR THE LUNCH PRICE!!!! Excellent savings.. . Service is as amazing as everything else in the Wynn/Encore.  Beautiful floral and fauna everywhere inside.. . The food was amazing!  So many choices.. My favorites were: King Crab legs with clarified butter, Prime Rib, Fried Chicken, Freshly tossed Caesar Salad....who am I kidding, everything was so frickin delicious!. . We satright by the dessert windows.  I tore that up!!  Gelato - coffee & mango =wow yummy!  Candied apples - never been a fan, but these are really good.  Cheesecake was so creamy.  Creme brulee with the hard shell was amazing!   . . Can't wait to go back.  So worth it!
The Buffet at Wynn never disappoints. While I've never been here for dinner, the brunch offers an experience you will never forget. While there is always a line, sometimes there's an opportunity for the VIP package, which is just a $12 premium and you get a free drink (champagne, mimosa, or sangria).. . The food is delicious. With fresh fruits, seafood, world flavors, omelette bar, pasta station, salad, cereal, and carving station, you're bound to find something that tickles your fancy. And let's not forget the amazing dessert bar, with baked goods as far as the eye can see!
I love the buffet at the Wynn! OMG i've had the buffet at Bellagio, monte carlo paris and etc.  None of them can beat the Wynn's buffet. It was amazing.  I know trust me usually food at the buffet is all about quality andno quantity, but here at the Wynn it was delicious.  Every food item was made with care and love.  You can see it. Everything tasted perfect.  I wish i can come back soon!
I can't say enough good things about the Wynn buffet. The food was amazing, the casino and the buffet are beautiful, and the service was excellent. After a ten dollar tip it ended up costing us about $40 per person for the whole thing, but it was well worth the price.. . The thing that makes this buffet stand out in my eyes is their ability to work with people like us with food sensetivites and special dietary needs. I haven't bothered going to a buffet since I was diagnosed gluten (celiac) and dairy intolerant over two years ago. I am extremely sensetive to even the smallest amounts of gluten or dairy, so a buffet didn't seem like a good idea. After reading a few reviews on a few blogs my fiance and I decided to give it a shot, and boy are we glad we did!! The chef came out and gave us a tour of the whole buffet, showing us what was safe and what was not. They had a LOT of options for us including several deserts (which pretty much never happens), all of which were delicious!. . We are already talking about our next trip to Vegas just so we can go to this buffet again!!
I really enjoyed this buffet.  We paid like $40 per person, I thought I would try it once, probably won't come back because I don't like paying $40 bucks for a dinner but hey it's vegas and I saw people tossing $50's  so I knew i was in the high roller section. I love the service, the food was decent well cooked the desserts were great!
In my top 3 of buffets!  I wish I could have stayedfor hours for their brunch! Gourmet everything!
Best buffet i've had here. Service blew but the prime rib and deserte were incredible.  The crepes are very good.
Yelp 100 Challenge * 16/100. . Artsy or not, you're gonna wanna come here for the food. By golly was it decadently flavorful and impressively diverse. . . My parents and I came here on Tuesday to intimately wrap up the line of celebrations my mom had for her birthday, in what I believe is one of the best buffets in town. (and no, overrated is not a word I would even associate with the Buffet at the Wynn) There were no lines that day (although a sign did say that proper attire was required - "Gentlemen, no sleeveless shirts. Ladies: Opaque cover-ups) Food choices, arrangements and staff were all out fantabulous - simply top-notch. Being the nature person that I am, the flower/fruit decorations (and hummingbird paintings) that greeted us as we entered the dining area didn't cease to amaze me. . . I particularly loved how the roast beef, mashed potatoes and roasted brussel sprouts with onions complimented each other. Shrimp tempura sushi, seaweed cucumber salad, smoked salmon topped with soy sauce tasted just as great. There was a wide array of stations - Asian, Seafood, Italian etc. and a special room filled with desserts - let's talk gelato, candy apples, rocky road, chocolate shots, raspberry cheesecake, chocolate coated rice crispy squares, tres dulces. I could go on forever. Admittedly, I couldn't settle with just a couple of helpings when it came to the sweet stuff and ended up trying almost every bit of what they had. . . By the time 3:30pm came - and papa initially hoped to grab a handful of snow crab legs once they rolled in at that time - we were more stuffed than we had intended to and decided to start pacing ourselves out to burn the calories off.
Great selection, great quality, great atmosphere.  This is a high-end "buffet" with great service and an excellent selection of food; there is literally something for everyone.  I tried a variety of their offerings--veggie sushi, freshly-made pasta with marinara sauce at the pasta bar, quinoa and squash cornbread--and everything was consistently good.  Lots of vegetarian options.. . The place was very clean and the interior decor (like the rest of the Wynn) is Disneyesque fantasy (be sure to visit the dessert area).  For a buffet this is five stars. Oh and did I mention it is located in the Wynn hotel?  It is probably the best hotel I have ever stayed at, and this restaurant epitomizes their culture of perfection and quality.
The best buffet in Las Vegas. Steve Wynn knows how to build the best hotels and the best restaurants in the world. And he hit another home run with the buffet. No other buffet even comes close. He blows the competition out of the water - from the Wedgewood place settings, blown glass decor, candy apples and gellato for dessert, all the food is well above average fare for the typical Vegas buffet. You get what you pay for folks, and if you want a crappy meal, go pay $9.99 at another hotel. If you want the best, go to Wynn.
You get what you pay for...and you pay a lot to get in here. They had what was quite possibly the best prime rib I've ever tasted. I think I ate my money's worth of it too. All of their food is of the highest quality. We went for Sunday brunch and the line was quite long...probably about 45-60 min.
What a great find! This hasmade my list of Vegas must spots. We went for breakfast and at $20 a person it's a really good value. The food was amazing and so much to choose from. I love that they keep servings small so you can try a variety of things. The baked goods are all made by the bakers at the hotel and they were really something lovely. It's also such a pleasant decor it makes you happy to be there.
Sunday brunch...$80.00 for my wife and I.....worth every penny!! Wonderful food, great service and the best pastry/ dessert room I have ever seen! If you haven't eaten there, you've never really experienced the decadence of Vegas
Went to 4 buffets in 5 days in Vegas and this was, BY FAR, the absolute BEST. It's not cheap but it doesn't matter. So many vegan options, so much FOOD. It's gorgeous and whimsical and amazing. I want to eat there every single day.
Decided to come here for Valentine's Day.. might as well get AYCE for the price my bf would be paying at a fancy restaurant. I've never spent $42 on a buffet (per person) before, but the price speaks for itself. There are so many options to choose from, &at the same time you're paying for the experience. This buffet will definitely be my "go to" every time I return to Vegas!! #iminfoodheaven
My boyfriend's been telling me that this is the best buffet in Vegas, and he was right! This place is amazing! I really wanted to try some of everything they had but I got too full before I could do so. I still think the food here is well worth the $40 I spent! . . I started with the crab legs, shrimp and sushi. OMG the crab legs were soooo good! I love how they're already peeled for you, as I don't know how to peel my own. I'm a hugeee fan of shrimp, and probably filled most of my stomach eating way too many of them - they were delicious! I wasn't too impressed with the sushi though. Oh well, there were many other options to choose from.. . All the meat dishes were excellent. Prime rib, brisket, short rib... they were all sooooo delicious! I can't really remember what else I had that night, but everything was really good!. . I had the gelato, cheesecake, and a bite of the creme brulee for dessert. . Gelato - pretty standard, tasted just like gelato served anywhere else.. Cheesecake - sooooo yummy, and it wasn't too rich!. Creme brulee - soooo good! I really should have gotten my own, but I was too full.. . I will never be able to go to Vegas again without making a trip here! LOVE IT!
"WooHoo! As good as it gets!". . ... Well at least for a buffet.. . I took a trip to Vegas with my parents who were admitted "Haters" of Sin City... They stayed at The Wynn... I Stayed at The Rio. I tried to impress them with all the sites of the Vegas strip keeping them from just crashing in their room watching t.v. taking them to nice dining experiences and fun spectacles. our last day they took me to their buffet at their hotel for breakfast.... HOLY CRAP! This is barely a buffet at all! We were seated in this area filled with HUGE flower arrangements and served our beverages. and were directed into the area where the food was... . The options here were displayed in small, single serving portions whenever possible and were promptly replaced with new fresh items each time something was taken. . We all know what we get when we get our buffet on... Not here. This food tasted fresh even if I dare say fresh and homemade. . Never did I wait for a used plate to be taken away. Not to mention the plates and service ware were top notch as well. as nice or nicer than what I have at home. . My beverage never went dry either. . This place may not have the variety or the size of other buffets in Las Vegas, but I would rather go for quality than quantity anyway.. All this and you would think that it would be pretty pricey... but I think that its was a few dollars cheaper than other buffets I tried in Vegas. In the $20 per person range.
My fiance and I try to visit a buffet while in Vegas, and I think that the Wynn buffet takes the cake. There's a wide variety of food from sushi to sliced prime rib to hummus and olive tapenade. Food is always hot and delicious, and the dessert spread is to die for. Weekend brunch was approximately $32 per person, but definitely worth it!
Nice buffet!! I really liked the atmosphere here and enjoyed the food. We came here for breakfast on a Thursday so it wasn't crazy packed at the time. . . I really liked the selection of food here and everything was fresh and clean tasting and I walked away super full but not sick feeling. . . I will agree that the price is steep here but in my opinion you get what you pay for and the different selection of food makes it hard to not get bored. . . This place is my second favorite buffet in Vegas and I would for sure come back when I am in town.
Best on the strip. Everything is taken to the nth degree...as good as it gets for buffet food, actually an experience different from all the others. If you're going to go to one and spend your hard earned ducats this is the place. Its yummy, clean, and there is a huge selection for everyone.
One of the things that Las Vegas casinos are famous far are the buffets. The Wynn takes that to a new level. This is gourmet food, but all you can eat. . . My family and I have gone there three times over the last several years. The last time was in Feb. 2013. We went there for dinner service, and was amazed by the flavors and variety. They had Wagyu beef brisket, Kobe beef, a huge selection of cured meats, several varieties of cuisine from Asian to Italian to American. Plus the deserts are to die for. All kinds of cakes, candy covered apples, etc. . . This has become THE buffet to go to whenever we are in Vegas.
Breakfast for my wife and was $100 including tip.    I've never had a 2 person $100 breakfast before.    Clearly I've been missing out.   Wow, Damn, Holy Hell, this is really good food.    It's the Wynn so expect it to be perfectly executed and you won't be disappointed.    . . For many years now, the wife and I always do breakfast at the Bellagio, NO MORE.   The Wynn wins.    Do yourself a favor and try it.
Since I had been traveling all day and was famished I decided to venture to the Wynn Buffet for an evening of "grazing" on a variety of dishes. I went just at dinner opening time - 3:30pm (Sunday) and had to wait in line about 10 minutes. (Seemed like forever since I was so hungry) Dinner buffet was $39.99 and I added the all you can drink Champagne, Mimosa, Red and White Wine for $15.00. Total $55.00. I tipped the waiter at the table when almost finished with the meal. He kept my glass full even though busy (I'm sure the early tip didn't hurt). I am a meat eater so I mostly ate the Veal, Lamp and Prime Rib. All really good - especially for the price. Shrimp (very plump) and crab legs (big) were perfect as well. Tried the Seafood pizza - too fishy. Brussels sprouts good (recently discovered I really like them). Great variety of cheeses. I skipped the salad bar.. . Desert was an experience. Lots to choose from and there is a chef making fresh crepes. I had read about the Creme Brulee so even though I was stuffed I was able to enjoy one to top off my dining experience.. . Even for a woman dining alone I truly enjoyed myself. Requested a table out of the way and the hostess was more than happy & polite to accommodate. . . I told several business associates about this restaurant. While it may seem expensive, the variety and quality of the food makes it worth it to me.
FIVE STAR DELICIOUS AND we didn't have to wait in line. My friends and I arrived at an odd time to eat dinner. We got there at around 2pm because dinner is served starting at 3pm. We paid the lunch price but got to try lunch and dinner. There wasn't a huge difference between lunch and dinner but a couple dishes were rotated. They have several stations - Chinese, Italian, Seafood, Cheese & Bread, Southern etc. I managed to eat a little bit of everything. My favorite was the different types of ceviches! Deliiiicous. I loved the delicious cod. All the pastas were amazing! Anything was seafood was divine. The crab was disappointing because it was not fresh and it was flavorless. They have endless desserts with ice cream and they make crepes. I think the price justified the variety and quality of the food. Cannot wait to go back! . . TIP: Plenty of delicious vegetarian options! My friend is vegetarian and had a huge variety to choose from that were more than just steamed or stir-fried vegetables. Yay Buffet is vegetarian/vegan friendly!
I highly recommend this place...I hadn't been to LV since I was like 13 until I moved to LA a couple years ago and made 6 visits my first year living here (sadly only 1 since that time). I'm not even a gambler is the crazy part, I just love the scene and the clubs in Vegas. I try to hit the Wynn buffet for brunch every time. Get up hungover around 11, come to the buffet and eat enough for 2, sometimes even 3 meals. THe line can get really long so you can pay like 10 dollars extra to skip the line, and they throw in some champagne, it really is worth it. I'm not that crazy about seafood so have never paid the extra money for dinner, though, although I'm sure it's also awesome. Huge variety at the buffet, as well as fresh salad and fruit if you feel healthy/want to make yourself feel less guilty about all the partying you've been doing. THe cooked foods are also awesome, ranging from American breakfast to an Asian section at the end.
It was so good... we ate there TWICE! If you're going to Vegas you need to check this out.
One of the top 3 buffets in Vegas! You can bet you'll have to wait 40+ minutes for dinner or weekend brunch. Great selection of high quality ethnic foods and even had crab legs and poki.
It doesnt get any better than this. This sets the bars for buffets. Lets start off with the amazing and real ceaser salad and your choice of freshly made soups and antipasto salad bar. Wonderful. Dinner comes with king crab legs that are cracked for you. Prime rib cut to taste, sushi, fresh shrimp, veal shortribs. I can go on and on but you get the point. The deserts are phenomenal with creme brulee and crepes and candied apples. No sense in wasting money on any other buffet when you have this one. Its a little pricy but look what you are getting to eat compared to everthing else.
In life I usually don't need very many choices...Give me three things to choose from and I'm usually satisfied with one of the three.. . I was on sensory overload yesterdaymorning when my wife and I ate at the buffet at The Wynn. The number of choices you had was shocking. Breakfast food, fruits, salads, Asian food, Mexican Food, Omelet bar, pancake bar, pastries, pizzas, sausages...and the desserts. My wife may have entered a sugar coma at some point.. . Well worth the money. Not only were the choices many, but the choices I made were all delicious.
must be one of the best buffet in Las Vegas(another one I think is wicked spoon buffet in cosmopolitan ). We went there this thanksgiving and waiting time was about 1.5 hours. The seafood was very fresh and clean compared to the other two buffet we went, and desserts are  awesome. Interior decoration is beautiful and the stuffs are very nice. Although the price was the most expensive in what tried, we had great time there.
I went for breakfast. It was the best buffet of my trip. I think the Rio buffet might beat it (from another trip years ago), but it handily surpassed the Parisian Village, the Mirage Wicked Spoon, and Mandalay Bay's buffet from this particular Vegas jaunt.. . The Wynn's decor was lovely, but the food was the star. My breakfast had a lot of variety and included more expensive items like seafood and lox. There was both fresh and dried fruit. I think there was a seafood omelet in addition to the omelet station. I had lox-topped pizza. There was probably other stuff but I was too busy with the fish. . . The real awesomeness was in the dessert. Yes, I ate dessert. For breakfast..  . And I even ate it first.. . Bless their hearts, the Wynn staff had out a full dessert spread at 9 AM. Tres leche in a shot glass, lemon meringue pie, little cakes (regular and sugar-free), pastries, eclairs.  . . I really love dessert. And a good dessert puts me in my happy place. This is when I close my eyes and let the flavor fill my mouth and pretty much make sweet love to my spoon, one slow bite at a time. It is sweet, creamy nirvana.. . I did that in the Wynn. There was a French couple seated next to me, and the male half of the couple kept looking over at me, wondering what I could possibly be eating that was so good. . . No other dessert in all of Vegas put me in my happy place. The Wynn breakfast made my day, and it might have made the day of the gentleman next to me, so it gets five stars.
The brunch buffet was spectacular!. . I LOVE the Wynn atmosphere in general, and The Buffet dining area upon entering is gorgeous! We didn't get to sit here, but hey, at least we were closer to the food.. . In addition to your typical buffet spread, there was also an omelet station, a pancake station, brisket and roast beef, and even a section with different types of sausages. There was a large selection of fruit, as well, but most of the options were heavier breakfast items. . . The dessert station is pretty impressive. There are two sides that are filled with pastries, cakes, tarts, candied apples, marshmallows dipped in an assortment of ingredients...everything you need to satisfy your sweet tooth. My favorite was the section that allowed you to choose a cookie type, a gelato flavor, and a fun topping for your own custom ice cream sandwich! Again, heavy for brunch, but I don't go to buffets expecting to have a light meal.. . Yep, it's pricey, just like all the other popular buffets. It is what it is.
Probably my favorite Vegas buffet........real talk.. . Wicked Spoon is pretty outstanding as well and it may be recency effect kicking in, but The Buffet was a highlight of the Vegas trip.. . Lobster ravioli, peking duck buns, masterful prime rib and veal, pre sliced crab legs and copious amounts of plump shrimps...it goes on!. . It was $43 out the door on Cinco de Mayo for dinner, though there was no special menu or anything like that. No wait at 4 o clock haha.. . Make sure you wear sleeves though, guys! I was bro-tanking it up with my dudes and we were turned back to get T-shirts/jackets from our car. It's just discrimination against men though as women can go sleeveless...
I'm not a buffet fan but this one tops it on all of them...all you can eat lamb chops?? You can't go wrong with that..
Truly amazing buffet.  As good as it gets IMO.  I totally feel like I'm in a ritzy restaurant instead of a buffet.   Everything that I had was amazing, including the desserts.  I grew up in LV, so I've had my fair share of crap buffets.  This buffet is amazing.  Loved everything I ate.  Hope to be back soon when I come to visit.
this review is in a crossword puzzle format. i'm not messing with the formatting any more.. . the buffet at the wynn. . d b s g e l b a r c i  o s w h . s b e j e g g n f s k r w o r . c e y s s s u z t s e  u  i   r x . s k a a t m e e u w l g r   l m . u h n f y o v n o t a s h  d d . s k f n o e n l i l g f t c p . y g r f w o f s l h h o n l r . y a k y u o d e t f c p a a i . x i n a j g b r d r s n g s c . a n v v e s r k r u i j e s e . x l x c l w n a v n h p l x y . x e v a b l w b m z h d e r m . v v v  i   t a l i a   n z n a o b . t i   f j  p q m gj h p t p v q . r v e g a n f r i e n d l y u . . best on strip. chinese. crab legs. elegant. flowers. italian. pricey. rivals bellagio. seafood. steve wynn. vegan friendly. world class
This buffet is definitely one of the best on the strip. I have ate at the bellagio buffet and the display is nicer but the cost is more as well. I love the variety! You can add unlimit mimomas and such for $15 extra which we definitely got our money's worth. I would recommend this $19.99 breakfast buffet to anyone!
This was by far the best buffet I have ever had.  I had the breakfast and it was well worth the money.  The decor is super cute, the staff SUPER friendly, and the food was just amazing.  There were several different stations with different types of food.  From sushi, classic bacon & eggs, parfaits, to croissants - there was so much variety.  & with being as much of an indecisive foodie that I am, that's what I want, and this buffet definitely delivered.
Great place to eat, BEST buffet to eat gluten free.  Chef Richard came out and walked my fiance through the entire buffet item by item to let her know what all she could eat.  He didn't make us feel rushed, or like he had anything else more important to do.  It was so nice to feel like it wasn't an inconvenience at all.  We went for brunch and we were both very happy with everything we got, (they even had gluten free made to order pancakes).  We happened to go a little later in the morning, so the lunch items started coming out before we left.  Crab Legs for dessert?  Yes please!  Just be prepared to wait in line, this place is popular!
Amazing for $40/person. Giant king crab legs, big shrimp cocktails and a full room of desert. I am a petite person. It was way to much food. I skipped the salad station, the meat station, sushi station, pasta station, cheese station, the soup station and even fresh fruit.
The Buffet at the Wynn does not have the highest number of selections.  Which is great, because pretty much everything they serve is really good.  It's a buffet, so how much can you really eat.  I much rather just eat a few really good dishes than a bunch of mediocre dishes.  My favorite dish by far was the Kalbi Flank Steak, it had the kalbi flavor I like in korean short ribs, but in a really tender steak.  I would pay top dollar at a high end restaurant just for that flank steak.  Overall, for buffets, I think the Wynn and Wicked Spoon are the top 2 places in Vegas right now.
We went on a Sunday night and got in immediately.
ALL YOU CAN EAT PRE-SHELLED ALASKAN KING CRAB LEGS, SAY WHATTTTT?!?!. . Oh yeah, and there's other food too..... . For $38!!  What a deal!. . We got there about 9pm which I thought would be late and uncrowded for dinner, but there was still a line!  (The city that never sleeps, am I right?)  We waited about 15 minutes and were seated at a cute little table for two.. . Me and my BF had planned way before we ever set foot in Vegas that we would eat here, but eat ONLY CRAB for maximum enjoyment and value.  As such, we quickly scanned the buffet lines for anything that looked worthwhile...I picked up a few pieces of sushi for carbs...he got some prime rib...and bee-lined straight to the crab station!  We piled high a full plate of crab legs each, poured ourselves some hot melted butter, and took an additional plate for all the shells.. . Now the FANTASTIC thing about THESE crab legs from THIS buffet is not only that they're Alaskan King Crab....but they're also pre-sliced, in half, down the middle.  That means no shelling, cracking, digging, biting, griping, complaining, etc.. . And we feasted!  And when we were finished, we went back to the buffet for another heaping plate of crab legs each, and of course, more hot butter.  When we got back to our table we noticed that our dirty plates had been cleared away!  Yay for service!  And we feasted some more!. . I don't have to explain how delicious the crab was because everyone already knows.  I will say, however, that the sushi was nothing special, and anything else that my BF tried at the buffet he described as mediocre.  CRAB is the only way to go here, baby!. . In the end, my BF went to get some desserts, while I basked in all my crab-eating glory and relished the final taste of crab and butter in my mouth.  No dessert required for me!  We tipped generously and left on our merry way, happy, beyond satiated, and ready to swear off crab for a full month.
Exuberant, extravagant, extraordinary..exiting, X- a lotta. X-o with a little bit of ecstasy. And what's the recipe?! Lol ok my peeps enough snoop dogg----this is not you're ordinary buffet, The food here is high quality stuff guys. The fish is so juicy and tender i wish all fish taste like that..and the meat...the meat!!!..medium well...well well well....this was some ddelicious meat my peeps...yes delicious with two D's....from kobe beef to sirloin grade A. . And if u have a sweet tooth well..leave some room for dessert! I didn't even want to eat my cheese cake..it looked so well put together it was almost a shame to have to eat it..until I ate it and grabbed another ...and with no remorse I demolished it. Hands down the best buffet.. . All you can eat crab legs!!!! Que Que whaaaaatt?! ?
I've been reading some of the many 3 star or less reviews and I must say that I am flabbergasted by the unwarranted criticism. Not only did this buffet meet my lofty expectations, it blew them away. . . The decor is spectacular. The hotel is as classy as they come (you can buy a Ferrari for crying out loud). And, the food. My god the food! I've never in my life had such delicious cuisine. . . What I ate:. . I started with a salad. It was some kind of kale concoction. I'm not usually a salad man, but this was really quite good. . . After whetting my appetite, I headed to the soup section. I tried the chicken soup which was delectable. . . I then proceeded to the sliced meats area where I picked up some prosciutto. It was pleasant. . . From there I visited the seafood section. I tried some fish which wasn't mind-blowing, but was still perfectly edible. However, I also had a seafood pot-pie which was exceptional. The flaky crust was complimented by a subtle cream sauce that made this dish a favorites for me.. . Having tried seafood, I stopped at the Italian area where I tried the cracked egg and ham pizza, and lasagna. Both were to die for. The pizza may not sound appetizing, but believe you me, it is.. . From there I continued my gluttonous tour by visiting the sushi/crab area. I pickedup a bit of tempura shrimp and a mound of crab legs. The sushi was merely adequate. But the crab legs were amazing. I could honestly have eaten 2 or 3 more plates full. . . Finally, I discovered the dessert area. I began this stage with an ice cream sandwich. But this was no ordinary ice cream sandwich. The mint chocolate chip gelato (one of many gelatos on offer) was placed between two gourmet chocolate chip cookies that tasted like heaven. . . Next I sampled their creme brulee. It was made to perfection. . . I also had a cream puff, some vanilla gelato, and a bit of carrot cake. All of these were of high quality as well. . . Now, I know what you're thinking. This man couldn't possibly have eaten all that! I assure you that I did. I am 6'3" with an appetite to match my stature. Honestly, I could have eaten much more, so delicious was the food. But, I didn't want to make any more of a spectacle of myself. . . All in all the experience was phenomenal. As for the reviewers giving negative feedback, I can only surmise that their expectations are completely unrealistic.
The food is as good as it gets!!! I'm in love with this place from the quick line to the awesome awesome service! I love the sushi. Try this place
I can say this buffet is the second best in Vegas!  The luxurious and beautiful scenery and a lot of options for your appetite.  I love their deserts and everything about this place.  Definitely a good place to eat and to have a nice interior dining view of their restaurants.
Best buffet for dinner compared with Bellagio's and Wicked Spoon buffet.. More variety, the only one with rib eye, the best desserts.. My wife is VEGETARIAN and she loved too.
When I stayed at the Wynn this past weekend, they gave us complementary meals at the buffet so why not try it. When we got there around 11, there was already a line but it was not too long. Plus the areas was decorated very nicely so it wasn't a bore to look at. . . The food here is basically a high quality version of other vegas buffets. The food was good. Service was good. I came during brunch, so they had a lot of breakfast food. The salad bar was big, lots of varieties. Dessert was great. They had my favorite dessert cake (tres leches) in shot glass size cup, which i liked because that prevented me from getting too much. . . Overall, this place was great. I'd come here next time even if it wasn't free. a must try if you live at the wynn or encore.
There is a wait, BUT if you ever want the best buffet in Vegas this is the one. For an adult couple it was about $75 dollars but the food quality, service, decor and everything all around is worth the price.  Tons of selections and the deserts are to die for!
Great food, awesome buffet. I wish the crab legs were hot though.  Cold legs are just meh!
We aren't big buffet fans overall, but they are a very interesting venue, at least here in Las Vegas.  You have a wide range of quality in the buffets, not just the food but in the food presentation and how well the foods maintain quality and temperature in a buffet setting.  . . This was our first Wynn buffet visit.  A few years ago, we made the mistake of going to a very low end buffet at the Flamingo, one of the worst I have ever seen.  Cold food, classic day-old looking fried chicken, mashed potatoes with the ubiquitous protective dried shell, and the gravy that looks frozen-over.. . The Wynn buffet was exceptional.  Don't know who created the concept of small entree portions, be it the Cosmo, Caesars Palace, or the Wynn, but it sure works for us.  . . The cost for dinner on a Wednesday was $33 a person.  There was exceptional larger than normal peel and eat shrimp, a definite upgrade over traditional buffet shrimp.  The crab legs were aplenty.  There was a gourmet meat loaf, non-dried out blackened salmon, mahi mahi with grilled pineapple, sushi, ahi tuna, a great pesto pasta, etc.  You had brocolinni with apricots, a beet and orange salad, and fresh pineapple in Malibu coconut rum.  My wife enjoyed the cook to order pasta station.. . EVERYTHING was warm and not dried out.  Even the mashed potatoes.  Superb desserts and exceptional service.  . . The Planet Hollywood buffet is good and the Caesars buffet is very good, although the price at Caesars is high enough where you don't feel like you are getting close to your money's worth.  We haven't had the Wicked Spoon Buffet at the Cosmopolitan, but we will soon.  The buffet at the Paris buffet is good, but a little overpriced.  But, it has some foods you don't see at other buffets including a terrific crepes station.  The lines to get in there, and at Planet Hollywood, are very, very long.. . It is fresh in our mind, but right now the Wynn buffet ranks #1 in our book in Vegas.  Off to the Cosmo.
My favorite buffet place in Vegas.  If you are a seafood lover or looking for something with better quality even healthy this is the place.
In my opinion, this is the best buffet in Las Vegas.. . Taking over the top spot (buffet wise) from Bellagio, The Buffet at Wynn Las Vegas is everything that Bellagio's buffet has, only better.  The decor and layout are fantastic and you feel like you are at a restaurant instead of at an every day buffet.. . The food stations consist of high quality, culture/region specific foods that are prepared by chefs right in front of you and in some cases on demand.  The Asian selection (both Chinese and Japanese choices) are very authentic and always prepared fresh.  I highly recommend the egg rolls...in all seriousness some of the best I've ever had.  Their sushi selection is very good as well.  Other selections include soup/salad, a pasta/Italian station, the grill, a carving station, various Mexican dishes, fruits and finally the Asian selection discussed above.. . Where The Buffet really excels is in the dessert area.  Completely separate from the food is an array of small dishes with cakes, pies and cookies, along with ice cream of many flavors, gelato and sorbet, not to mention candy apples and other goodies.  The desserts are amazing and if you have enough room to eat a few they really make the experience worth it.. . The line can become a bit long during the weekend and an express line is only available to guests staying at either the Wynn or Encore Tower Suites.  Guests of the main hotel (Wynn/Encore) are required to wait in the general public line.  While the price for dinner can attract some negative attention ($42.00 with tax per person) the Buffet at Wynn is still the one to go to.  A+
$25 for lunch. . Perfect prime rib. . Perfect dried meats and cheeses. . Pasta is made in-house. . EVERYTHING IS FRESH. . I probably ate $25 worth of desserts alone. . Also, the dining area looks like a palace. . Way better than the Wicked Spoon (see my review on that). . Seriously.
Huge variety of good food, great deserts... a must in Vegas
Best buffet in town, fresh, clean, great service. A lot of vegan options if you're into that. Worth the price you get what you pay for. Decorations are awesome, and servers are very friendly, oh and the food yeah amazing.
The Buffet at The Wynn is without a doubt the very best buffet I have ever eaten at. At $40 per person for dinner, it's somewhat pricy, but worth every dollar.. . I dislike buffets because they tend to have crappier than average food, very little variety, and not a lot of things you really want. Inevitably, you pick a few things you like, most of which don't taste as good as they look, and maybe go back for seconds or thirds because you feel like you must get your money's worth.. . HOWEVER, The Buffet has everything you could ask for and the food tastes positively gourmet quality as though (and probably) prepared by a master chef.. . Just a few dinner highlights to mention: crab legs, prime rib, sushi of all kinds, pumpkin ravioli, gnocchi in brown butter sauce, chicken curry, scallops, pizzas with every topping you can imagine, beef brisket, Chinese dumplings, etc.. . For dessert: creme brulee, hot brownies, strawberry shortcake, mousse, assorted tarts, cookies, cheesecake, tiramisu, a crepe and waffle station, and tons of ice cream. Don't worry, there's lots more! Some of the cakes are topped with glittery sugar too, and you'll be mesmerized.. . The waiters are also insanely attentive but not obtrusive. You'll never have to worry about a refill on your soda, wine, or coffee. Empty plates are taken away promptly.. . If you have but one buffet to choose from in Vegas, this is certainly the one you want.
Ridiculously delicious. Go hungry. Kids are $40 also regardless of age, so make sure they're hungry too.
I loved it, 5 star!   Best in Vegas is a common remark, and I would agree, being vegas for over 22 years, I would choose this over all others, the seafood, chinese, and desserts are stellar, fresh and tasty.   No brainer to me.  5 star stuff@!
Fantastic buffet, definitely one of my favorites around, rivaling Aria's or Bellagio's...all food is cooked well, depending when you get to it determines whether you're getting the fresh batch or not. Fried chicken especially stood out to me (no, not just because of that reason!). It had a maple batter which made it taste like delectable chicken and waffles. Ahhh the good times.
Sunday brunch buffet at the Wynn is very good and worth the money. I would rate it more accurately at 9 stars out of 10. . Yogurt is ridiculously tasty, as with the ceviche. The kimchi is about as good as it gets and the remaining choices are on par with excellence.
I came here for Lunch, which cost $28.  The selection of food was awesome.  They don't offer things like Crab and Lobster during lunch, so that was a bit of a bummer, but I still was very happy with everything that was offered.  There were so many delicious items, but to name a few, the Flank Steak, Rib-Eye Sliders, Waffle and Syrup battered Fried Chicken, Eggplant Parmesan, Bread pudding, Peach cobbler were all really good.  I would come back again.
For $20.99 this place is amazing for breakfast.  As you would expect, everything is very fancy, and the food was delicious.  The fresh squeezed orange juice was tremendous and the selection, even for breakfast, was terrific.  I particularly liked the omelet and pancake stations, as well as the fact that are the great desserts were available even at 9am.  You can't go wrong with breakfast at this place for $20 (the Peppermill ends up costing about the same and this place is WAY, WAY better)!
I don't write many reviews unless it's fabulous or really, really bad. . . With that said, I've had most of the buffets in Vegas since my work takes me here 3-4 times a year. I recently had the Bacchanal Buffet & The Buffet @ The Bellagio. While they're good in their own right. The Buffet at the Wynn took what I think of buffet's in general and threw that out the window. . . The selection at this buffet was down, imo to the others. But the selections were more focused. I'd rather pay for less selection but better quality. . . The Service was good. He kept our drinks full and table empty of used plates.
This buffet has the best quality products - some hilights, the cheesy grits with the waffle battered fried chicken, yummy, creamed cauliflower, pretzel bread, deep-fried turkey breast, chicken sausage, and the delicious chocolate with chocolate shavings gelato and coffee gelato with ground coffee beans -- so good!. . The atmosphere so beautiful, open with the garden like setting with the pretty lime and light peach decor - I want to live in here!
Second trip to this buffet in 6 years and it is the best I have tried in Vegas ( I have not been to Caesar's for over ten years).  Food is prepared in small portions to keep it feeling more like a meal rather than a buffet.  Some impressive items included prime rib, fried chicken in honey batter, shrimp spring roll, and gelato.
Ridiculously over-the-top good. The dinner buffet has everything from salads and exotic cheeses to sushi to Asian food to crab legs and shrimp, prime rib, turkey, pizza - everything is good! Unlimited wines. And the there is dessert. Crazy over-the-top but great!! $39.99 + $15 for bottomless wines :)
This buffet has great food and the best dessert. We waited for an hour in line and it was well worth it. The alaskin king crab legs were good and the shrimp is also fresh the only thing is the wait but aside from that great buffet.
Beautiful atmosphere and upscale restaurant quality food. Could not have asked for more.
Amazing!. . I'll admit it, the boyfriend and I are snobs and we usually steer clear of buffets. This past weekend we were staying at the Encore, it was a Sunday morning, two friends joined us for brunch and as we were walking around the resort we walked right into the buffet. We were just about to walk away from it when we got a bit curious and decided to check it out. . . The line was ridiculous! It was Sunday brunch so I think the price was $32 a person. We didn't want to wait in line, so we paid the extra $15 a person for the VIP pass. $15 includes, line cuts to the front, and a free drink, your choice of sangria, wine or a mimosa. Not a bad deal since the hosts in the front told us that the line was 45 mins to an hour long. No thanks!. . The buffet was amazing! As we were being walked to our seats we were oooing and ahhing at all the desserts and the large amount of food selection. They were prompt with the alcoholic drinks and we went on our way through the food. The selections seemed endless so half of us just walked to the end just so we could see everything to mentally prep our stomachs. . . There was an omelets station, prime rib and fatty bacon cutting station, fresh sushi, fresh shrimp, tons of pasta selections, everything breakfast related, fresh fruit and baked goods, Mexican cuisine, Asian cuisine etc. Lets just say everything was there!. . The highlights: Fatty bacon was delicious with their special mustard. The shrimp wasn't your typical baby cocktail shrimp, definitely huge fatty juicy shrimp with cocktail sauce, cups of marinated watermelon and pineapple (the pineapple was marinated in rum and coconut flakes). . Everything we ate was delicious, by the time we got to desserts we were stuffed. We tried a few cakes (all yummy) and their gellato! Yes you heard right, they had many flavors of gellato for you to choose from. I would definitely advise not to fill up on the bread (although delicious) definitely fills you up so you can't eat all the other amazing food there.. . Aside from the food, the service was amazing as well. Empty plates and cups were always cleared promptly from our table.
I went here for an early dinner to beat the crowds and it was perfect! They got me right in and service was fast. There are so many selections you will definately leave here full. Asian, seafood, raw bar, italian, and american all looked fenominal. The deserts were arranged so beautifully...
every. single. buffet. we. try. is. better. than. the. last. . . i love buffets. especially ones i feel like i get my money's worth. at only 29 bucks, this has been our best one yet (we started low...flamingo....and have slowly worked our way through paris, spice, and few others over the years). . . the food options are incredible! there are a ton of vegetarian friendly options. we went at the brunch time, so no crab legs. but many, many other options, including heavy meat selections, sushi (good), salads, but just really good takes on otherwise normal dishes like pasta and veggies. and the desserts....good lord, i had to change into a size 36 pants after eating all of them. . . the place is clean, well lit, and the servers were super prompt at cleaning up after all our face stuffing gluttony. the layout is done well to eliminate navigating indecisive people....who wants to wait on steamed tomato with pine nuts in a phyllo dough cupcake while some oldie is trying to figure out if they want minnestrone soup? not me!. . great choice for a starving foursome!
5 Stars for quality and variety all around. My friends and I had eaten at a different buffet the previous day and it was pale in comparison. We all eat mostly vegetarian/pescatarian and this buffet had so many options!! . We showed up for lunch and had to wait a little over an hour. At the time I considered leaving, but really glad we stayed. . There were vegetarian pastas, salads, burritos, lots of varieties of seafood including sushi, a fantastic cheese selection with breads, mustards and crackers......... The desserts were about 2 bites each which is perfect because you really don't want one big dessert at a buffet, you want a hundred little desserts to sample. Ok maybe not a hundred but between my husband and I we tried almost everything there. . Not only is the buffet great but this is such a beautiful hotel, and definitely worth seeing in Vegas.
By far the best buffet I've been to in a long time! We received 2 free vouchers for the buffet with our room reservation. Reading the reviews I guess it's pretty expensive. I think I would have been ok paying for it too. It's beautiful inside, absolutely gorgeous. Depending on where you're seated it can be quite a walk to the food but I guess it's good, you gotta burn off some calories and make room for more of the tasty dishes. The chicken thatwas prepared in a pancake/syrup type batter, OMG!! The pesto pasta with fresh pinenuts was also amazing, so much to chose from. The desserts were plenty and set up nicely, nothing in the dessert area really knocked my socks off but I was super full by that point. I was definitely return.
Satisfied.  After waiting 4 hours in line at bachannal in cesaers, anything else with no line seemed more enticing.  At wynn they have the lamb T-bones, an excellent yet very unpopluar cut.  I prefer the t-bone over chops any day.  But bacchanals chops were better seasoned.  Both restaurants over cooked their lamb.  The hitter though was the tbone tomahawks.  Ask for the bone!
Lots of variety of food and everything I tried was very tasteful... but they didn't have too Many desserts..price is pretty decent...
Excellent food! Great choices! We came for the breakfast buffet and were very pleased in all aspects! Get here early to avoid the rush we got here about 9am
Wynn wins Bacchanal.. . I paid $90/pp for Caesars Palace buffet ($59.99 price for holidays + $20 to use the express lane + TIP which they expect), and after all is said and done I just keep thinking: Wynn buffet, I miss you.. . $45 is nuttin for the quality you get at Wynn.  Every dish tastes like what you'd get at a restaurant if you'd order separately.  And I love the garden area.  . . I think Wynn is also more organized.
The best buffet ever! A long line but well worth it. My husband and I have been here twice for brunch. $42 per person. I would NOT bring anyone under age 15 here. They will  pretty much end up only eating bacon and not enjoying the real variety. I say this because both times that is what I have seen.
This has got to be my favorite buffet in Vegas. Scratch that, in the ENTIRE WORLD!. . As with other areas in the Wynn, this buffet is beautifully decorated with high ceilings. And the FOOD! OMG it's the best!!! The main buffet room is literally like a trip around the world. You start off with some traditional American food, then European food, then Chinese food, then Japanese food!! I love the seaweed salad, sushi handrolls, lobster legs, steak, porkchops, and pizzas here!. . And don't even get me started on the dessert. Oh my lord, there is an ENTIRE ROOM packed with the most beautiful and delicious desserts!! There are chocolate mousse, creme brulee, cupcakes, cake pops, candied applies, fruit yogurt parfaits, 10+ flavors of gelato, etc. I'm drooling just writing this review! . . 10 stars! Can't wait to go back :)
