I can honestly admit I'm a lazy person when it comes to eating. Cutting a piece of meat with a knife and/or fork/spoon (when I'm even lazier) is probably the most strenuous work I'll tolerate. Using my fork or spoon is enough, isn't it?. . The ONLY, I repeat ONLY, food I'll take time to carefully work at and eat is shellfish...specifically crab, lobster and crawfish. Unfortunately, being located in the Tri State area, there is a lack of crawfish which saddens me. Since I was in town for work I jumped at the opportunity to eat one of my favorite shellfish friends...crawfish!. . After leaving the CES convention center, my colleagues and I hailed a taxi* and requested to go to Hot N Juicy located in Chinatown. A split second later, we realized Hot N Juicy sounded like a strip club so we joked around with the taxi driver and insisted it wasn't a peep show. We were going to that AFTER we ate.. . My colleagues didn't know it but I was giggling like a little school girl when we arrived. Unfortunately for them, they aren't as adventurous when it comes to food so they ordered calamari, chicken wings and fries which they enjoyed.. . Our waiter was extremely informative, briefly describing to us (mostly me) how to order the seafood (per pound), by seasoning and spiciness. Since I've been to Boiling Crab I already knew what I wanted...2 lbs of garlic butter crawfish with medium heat. The garlic butter seasoning is SO mouth wateringly good that I could drink it as a side (not recommended though). They serve the seafood in plastic bags with bibs and paper towels. This is the messiest meal you will ever eat but so worth it. I was in business attire but was able to leave without any stains!. . As I twisted and separated the head and tail, sucked the head and pushed out the meat from the tail...my colleagues looked at me in complete disgust like I was a monster. Did I feel bad? Not at all. I easily finished the 2 lbs of crawfish like a true fatty. I ordered medium heat but my mouth was on fire pretty much the entire time I was eating so to counteract the heat, I took big swigs of beer which helped. . . The seafood pricing on the menu says market price so be sure to ask the waiter beforehand. The crawfish was about $10 per pound. Currently, they're having a BOGO shrimp special because they opened up another Hot N Juicy location in Washington, DC. Do I hear a road trip?. . My next visit will showcase their blue crab legs. If you're ever in Vegas or DC, I would highly recommend coming here if you're a seafood lover and don't mind getting messy. It's a freakin' dream.. . A fun tip, Hot N Juicy was on Man vs. Food.. . ------------------------------------. . *In Las Vegas, taxis aren't allowed to pick up passengers on streets like NYC. They have to pull into a parking lot, hotel, restaurant, etc.
Gotta Love H&J !! Spices to die for!! Crab to Lust for.. Def one of my favorite places to eat in vegas! . PS dont go here if you have somewhere to be later in the day.. you will smell like spices.. and seafood.. and deliciousness!!
Hot n juicy is just as good as boiling crab in San Jose, minus the 3+ hour wait, which is why it gets 5 stars. We had 1lb of crawfish (spicy) and shrimp (medium) 10.99 each. The hot n juicy special sauce is thick, garlicy & very flavorful. I looove spicy food, so if u can take spiciness go for the Spicy/ medium.
Love it.  My friend and I had two pounds crawfish and a pound of shrimp plus corn on the cobs.  I was sweating like crazy.  It was very good.  We tried the Lemon Pepper and spicy hot mild on the crawfish.  The shrimp was medium spicy hot.  . . The staff were awesome too.  Very friendly atmosphere.  Thanks! We will be back!
This place is awesome!. . We had 2 lbs of snow crab and a pound of Alaskan King.  Some rice and a Diet Coke later our tab was only $70 including. . Service was very friendly.. . I'm a big fan
MmMm! Hot and Juicy Crawfish is so delicious! Just recently I tried their lemon pepper seasoning for the crab, their garlic and butter for the shrimp and of course their Cajun seasoning for the crawfish and will do exactly that the next time! Everything had so much flavor, the corn on the cob and potatoes work perfectly and are great for soaking up all the juices! . Just be warned... You wont smell that great for awhile! We learned the first time and now take it to go :)
This place was so good that we went twice on our trip to Vegas -- the day after we got there and the day we left.. . The crawfish were pretty small when I ordered them (the waitress told us they would be) but they were succulent and sweet and more or less worth it. The shrimp and crab legs were better though. I liked the hot n juicy special medium (which was super spicy the first time I came and milder the second time) and my boyfriend was a big fan of the lemon pepper mild. Sweet potato fries were awesome as well. The cajun fries were a bit spicy which would have been okay but my mouth was already burning from the seafood. Beers are cheap.. . Definitely a fun eating experience as well. I would recommend the trip if you are in Vegas.
This place is amazing.  I've been wanting to come here for quite some time.. . 1 - THEY HAVE GLOVES!  YOU MAY ASK FOR GLOVES AND THEY WILL GIVE THEM TO YOU.  Then you won't smell.
Sooooooooo goood!!!!!
LOVED IT!. . We asked our waitress to recommend a seasoning, since there were a few options. She recommended the lemon pepper, and I'm glad we followed her advice. We got both shrimp and crawfish, one with the hot 'n' juicy, and one with the lemon pepper. . . The crawfish were incredible. The meat was sweet, with a bit of a floral fragrant aftertaste. I have a friend who swears by crawfish, but I didn't know why until now. We could also de-vein the crawfish just by tugging on the tail of the shell after breaking off the head. I had no idea that was possible, and call me odd but it added an element of fun to the experience. The shells were also thinner than I've previously experienced - I just wanted to crunch into them after carnally tearing off the heads. Talk about bringing out my inner beast.. . They give you salt and pepper for dip, and also some lime/lemon. Tip from my boyfriend: instead of using just a sprinkling, ask for a ton of limes/lemons, and fill one of the little containers with the juice. Then, load it with the salt and pepper. It gives you a flavor option besides the spicy, buttery sauce, and kinda cuts through the grease. That way, you can endlessly rotate between pungent and rich, and citrusy sweet.. . The waitress also wrote "Thank You" on our receipt. A great, friendly touch. I'll be coming back here whenever I'm in Vegas.
This place was amazing! W stopped by on our drive back from Colorado and its only 5 minutes from the I-15, so it was a quick stop. . . It did take a few minutes to be seated and get our order in, but they were understaffed and were all busting their butts to clean tables and get food out. Once we got our food in, it only took 10 minutes for it to hit our table. . . I order the shrimp with Juicy Cajun Sauce and a corn and potato. The shrimp was huge and delious. My bf ordered the crayfish and they were really small and disappointing. He got the Hot and Juicy sauce, which was way better then my sauce. Overall, I would push the shrimp over the crayfish, but it was a fun eating experience and I can't wait to go there again the next time I am in Las Vegas!
This place is definitely another Boiling Crab, but in VEGAS! Super dope!! i LOVE everything I try at Hot N Juicy. After a great weekend in Vegas this is how you should end your trip. A GREAT meal before the long ride home or easy flight. Either way this place doesn't dissapoint me at all. I will be here everytime I am in Vegas. Mark my word! Check out my photo of the Crawfish, Wings and Shrimp.
Go. Put on a shirt you don't like and go. Bags of steaming shellfish, buttered with a thick layer of garlic. You will be licking your fingers for hours
I first heard of theis place from Diner's Drive-in's & Dives on the Food Channel & since I was living in Vegas @ the time I thought to try it out when family came to visit. Well, needless to say, I;ve returned time & time again. EVERYTHING on the menu is great. I love the no frills, what you see is what you get. Styrofoam cups, plastics table coverings & rolls of papers on the table. I don't think there is a plate to be found in the building. While there all you see are people licking, sucking & eating as well as picking out the newbies to eating crawfish.. . As for the wait, I've never experienced it although I've seen it. I always seem to get there @ the perfect time. Just so you know, you can order take out & it seems as if I enjoyed that better, then I could go home & really pig out.. . Just know that you want to roll in there in something you don't mind getting butter on. You just can't help it.. . Most items you buy by the pound. . **************YOU GET A DISCOUNT IF YOU PAY USING CASH******************. ************PARKING IS VERY LIMITED, BUT WORTH IT***************************
so we went for the first time on a thursday about 12 o clock we went in and it wasnt very busy. the service was good we ordered the 1 pound of shrimp and 1 pound of king crab(not so much in 1lb!) the shrimp were in garlic butter and  spicy level...yeah they were spicy alright!! and the king crab had the hot and juicy special seasoning and medium spice level and that was good! u dont get plates or silverware other than what u need for the crab. it was great but we didnt have much time to enjoy it since our daughter had a doctors appointment! but next time we go it will be enjoyed better!!!!!!
Amaz-ZING! The chairs were very comfortable. Prob one of my top 5 restaurant chairs i've ever introduced my ass to. Will def come back just for the chairs next time I'm in Vegas. The food wasn't too shabby as well
ok so my grandpa was a fisherman and my grandmother was the best cook in town (i know i know everyones grandma is the best cook) so i grew up on fresh seafood i mean straight from the sea to the pot to my plate everyday so ill admit im a little snobby when it comes to seafood (its the only thing im snobby about i promise)......and i must say this is the best place i have been so far in Vegas ......its always packed and its because its goood.... whenever me and the bf go we order a pound of craw fish 2 pounds of snow crab legs and maybe a pound of shrimp and i always get the hot n juicy sauce and bf gets Louisiana and as many corona's it takes to keep the burn under control lloll.....anywho this is one of the places i want to have my last meal on earth....their menu is not extensive wich is good ....and you should def be a seafood lover to go their because they have any obligatory burgers or chicken fingers for people who may have tagged along with someone else but doesn't actually like seafood....the atmosphere is very casual they serve your food in plastic bags and you get a bib lloll  and i would suggest not wearing something you love or plan to go out in because you will smell like garlic and crawfish when you leave lloll and buy some lemons on the way home and take them in the shower with you it will help get the smell off...all in all though the food is fresh and extremely good they have beer and its always crowded but ive never waited more than 10 min for a table still....to me it cant get much better.....me and my roommates love this place so much we are LITERALLY looking to rent our next house closer to hot n juicy ...yess in my opinion it is that good :)
3, 2, 1!. . I have been hearing about this place for MONTHS! I am the last of my friends to venture, but finally, I tried it with a group of 8 tonight, and I LOVED it!. . The wait is well worth it.  Great concept of simplicity.  Bag of seafood, bib, paper towels.  I tried Garlic Butter, Hot N Juicy Special and Lemon Pepper Sauces, they were all delicious!  I must say I am NOT a lover of crawfish, so that will not make my order next time, but the spices were very robust and the shrimp and crab were awesome!. . I cannot say anything that hasn't already been positively reflected, so here are a few tips for the remaining 4 people in Vegas who haven't been yet.... . You will get completely messy.  No clean way to do it.  It's an experience, so go with it.. . Unless you are the magician Chris Angel, your hands will be subjected to injury if you order King Crab. It is spiked and slippery once covered in the sauce and regardless of the aiding utensils, it's a pain.  Stick with regular or Dungeness.. . Spicy is spicy.  It has a kick, however, I'm definitely not scared of extra spicy next time...take that anyway you want it.  If you're familiar with Archi's Thai, I do an 8.5 and I could probably handle a 9, but my stomach would build a small strike picket area amongst my small and large intestine.... . Finally, go with friends! A first date is not cute there...you leave smelling like you've been out an entire season of "Deadliest Catch," and the scent will stay on your hands and nails for days.. . Amazing. Bravo.  I'm going again this weekend!
With the spot on "Man V. Food" tv show I had to check this place. I came on Fat Tuesday for the crawfish specialty and man did it deliver. It was delicious from first bite to last, and the staff is incredibly nice and helpful. I do plan on brining my family again
Love Love lovve this place!!! My boyfriend and I eat here once a week. Even their servers call us their regulars and they know us by our first names. When I first tried this place I ordered the crawfish. I now get a pound of shrimp because the shrimp has more meat and it's easier to peel than the crawfish. . . What is so great about this place is their special sauce..hot and juicy special! I get it medium spice level, if I do spicy (which I have) my lips startto puff up. But the medium is still pretty spicy. I've also had their snow crab, Alaskan crab, Cajun fries, sweet potato fries...all very good. . . BEWARE you will smell like garlic after leaving this place. And your fingers will smell for two days. The secret to getting the smell out of your fingers is to rub lemon juice after u are done (and I mean a lot of lemon juice).. . They are opening a second location which I am very excited for! Their staff is very friendly too.. . also the wait is pretty long but well worth it!
Great place. For the weekend in Vegas I ate here both Saturday and Sunday. I'm not to much of a crawfish fan so I usually go for the snow crab and shrimp. The sausage here is also really good. Way worth it.
i love hot n juicy! i always get the shrimp medium w. the hot and juicy special flavor. its so good!! also, the snow crab hot (the shell is thicker so it doesnt soak in as much as the shrimp) also w. the hot and juicy special flavor. . . there is no place that can compare to this.. so great! if you are ever in vegas you need to make a trip here if you like seafood and spice. sometime there is a long wait so be prepared for that.
I'm still amazed with this place even for the second time.  The shrimp is so juicy and the crawfish, as long as you only eat the tail, is bomb!  The combination of butter with garlic and spices just gives it the kick it needs.  Best if you come here with someone.  This isn't the place to come by yourself.  . . My friend suggested using gloves because the shrimp smell will stay in your hands for a week.  I just thought using gloves was too weird but I did it anyway and I will now use them every time I'm here.  My hands even today is shrimp smelling free.
5 STARS for GREAT SERVICE**** Go Go Go for Noemy (server)
It was sooo BOMBthat my family decided to eat there again, the day after we had first tried it. My parents are crazy about seafood and their palettes were made for identifying fresh/frozen. & lets just say they had NOTHING bad to say about this place. Our server, Robin, was sooo cuuute. She never stopped smiling and she seemed pretty down to earth. The place is small but it sure does get crackin. . . Even though the bib may look ridiculous, i suggest you do wear it. :) unless of course, you wanna walk out with little orange spots on your top.
Owners that care about a customers bad experience. Enough said. THANK YOU!
My first time dealing with this sort of dining experience. No utensils & have to dissect your food- what? After a little apprehension; I was getting down and dirty. So, glad I did get past that awkwardness of ripping apart the whole shrimps because it was more than worth it! The bib is a great idea & highly suggested. Definitely not a place to wear nice or light colored clothing to. I ended up getting Medium for heat because that's what the waitress had suggested. However, the only thing that seemed some what spicy was the corn at the bottom of the bag. The overall taste of their signature Hot & Juicy seasoning was perfect! I will definitely return to this restaurant next time I'm in Nevada. Thank you for such a fun, interactive, and memorable experience!
Great food, reasonable prices, good service.  Crawfish and shrimp by the pound.  Three sauces (as I recall) with three heat levels for each.  I had the signature "Hot & Juicy" sauce, but got mild because I was not alone.  On my own I'd probably get medium.  Great flavor.  Be ready to get messy.  They provide paper towels and bibs...you'll need them.. . This is on my list anytime I return to Vegas.
Amazing, authentic, aromatic, and appetizing. If you don't mind tearing apart your crawfish to get to the delicious parts, you have to go here.. . They have the right fixin's, and they definitely have the right flavor. A little pricey, but worth every penny.
Absolutely delicious, the motto "pinch and suck" are very practical here. I've ordered the craw fish and shrimp with lemon pepper medium hotness very yummy, and also the hot and juicy special sauce spicy! Wow very spicy but delicious. The levels of hotness are greater than at other places so try medium first or be brave and go for the spicy or extra spicy.  Tried the dungenous crab legs, not bad, unfortunately the sauce doesn't get soked in to the the legs like it does to the shrimp and the crawfish. But over all its all yummy!
If there were 6 stars I'd rate this even better.  We found this place because of Man vs. Food. When you pass by the restaurant in China Town, it appears to be a shady massage parlor or some kind of strip joint!!  But when you walk through the doors, AMAZING!  Don't try to make reservations, this place gets too crowded for this.  And if you want to test out a new date, definitely bring 'em here.  This will determine if they like to get "down and dirty" or if they have a problem digging in and eatin' a real good meal.   Prepare to have your sinuses cleared.  Don't count on having good conversation, you'll be too busy scarfing down yummy food.. . Everything about this place is great.  The customer service is SOOOO GOOD.  Almost all the servers are real friendly (and there are some that have been there a long time which is great).  The atmosphere (music could use a little help) is perfect for a fun group dinner (New Orlean's style).  Expect to have the best shellfish and seasoning in Vegas and expect to leave with your clothes reaking of Hot N Juicy!
got crawfish with the hot n juicy special seasoning at spice level medium...the crawfish soak up the flavor well but have little meat on them....my brother got shrimp which do not hold the seasoning as well....my buddy got snowcrab and wouldnt let me try it but said it was great....they bring it out in a plastic bag and you peel and eat with your hands...i had a small cut on my hand and couldnt sleep that night cuz it was burning/throbbing from the second lowest spice level
Dude this place is bomb! . The greatest saucee ever! . I prefer shrimp and clam than crawfish tho!. but its great!
My second visit in a week. We only waited 5 minutes for heaven. My wife had the crab, less than mild, garlic butter with corn and potato. She loved it. I had the shrimp, medium, hot & juicy flavor with corn and potato. The flavor was so delicious I will now only go with the hot & juicy flavor for now on. The corn was tender and the beer was cold. They must put something addicting in the flavor because I already want to go back. They were having a special on lobster, 16.99 a pound. I will try that next time.
A little better than Boiling Crab in SoCal. I had the Hot N Juicy special Crawfish, medium heat. I pretty much inhaled it. The sweet potato fries were made perfect. I cant wait to come back for more!
Throughout my meal, I could not help but pretend to be a zombie while sucking out the brains of these delicious morsels. Maybe that is more Asian than undead. Either way it is a spectacle to see.. . I always enjoy a meal that allows me to get down with my primal urges to use my bare hands. I do not mind that my hands smell like a spicy ocean. It is half of the rewards of this endeavor. If you do, ask for some gloves. . . What is a hungry mini mob suppose to do when every restaurant you want to try closes down or does not open until 6? The answer, go to Hot N Juicy. At 5:15, there were four other parties besides our own. After 6, the place was bum rushed and packed. We got there in time to get a few beers, a pound of shrimps, a pound of crawfish, and a basket of fried catfish.. . The beers are reasonable at three dollars a bottle. They offer Blue Moon, Sapporo, Heineken, and a few others that I forget at this ridiculous price. The pop alone cost $2.50. It is as if they encourage drinking and that is alright by me.. . We got the shrimp and crawfish spicy. They are mind blowing. Get a few pieces of corn and potatoes cooked with the seafood. The shrimp are probably a better deal at $9.99 a pound compared to $10.99 because they have more meat and seemed endless. The crawfish are super tasty, but there weren't as many and the shells are what you are paying for. I would order them again, but some will feel like it is a rip off.
Not a fluke, the second time proved to be just as good as the first. I am not proud that Katrina M. and I came here two days within a three day span, but it was that good.. . This time we came with her family and ordered 4 pounds of shrimp in spicy Hot N Juicy special, one pound in medium garlic butter, one pound in extra spicy Hot N Juicy special, one pound of spicy Hot and Juicy special crawfish, and one pound of spicy Louisiana Style crawfish. Out of all the seasonings, their namesake is the best at the second to hottest level. Their "extra spicy" did not deliver the scorching hot flavor I was expecting and would not make for a decent food challenge. The other two flavors were just mediocre, nothing special. We had also ordered calamari, but they are extremely salty. The sweet potato and Cajun fries are cooked to a superb crispiness. Ask for corn and potatoes to be cooked with your seafood.. . Yet again I could not resist the temptation and ordered a Blue Moon to go along with the meal. I might be completely out of the loop, but it has been a while since I have seen a restaurant offer beers for less than $5.50 a bottle. Heineken, Heineken Light, Corona, Corona Light, Sapporo, and Blue Moon are the beers they offer for $3.. . I cannot stress enough that you should get there before 6 because the wait is nonexistent. For a party of six, half of us being present, they sat us right away. Yet if another large party came and our group was not all there we would have to give up our table. They cannot be faulted for that. I understand the need to meet the demands. Once we were all sat and ordered, the staff were very attentive with refilling drinks and taking our additional orders.
We ordered shrimp and crawfish in the hot n juicy, lemon pepper, and ragin cajun, all at the medium spice level. MMM MMM MMMMMMM!!!!!!  My favorite was the lemon pepper and the hot n juicy was a very close second. I would pass on the ragin cajun next time. We also ordered corn, which soaked up all the delicious flavor. I always have to have corn at these crawfish joints. . . I know the place is called hot n juicy CRAWFISH and a lot of people love crawfish...but it is a lot of work for a very small pay-off. Because of that, I thinkshrimp is the best way to go!! I love peeling the shell off and then dipping the shrimp meat back into the juice. . . For the Bay Area people, this place is a lot better than that other crawfish place in Oakland and maybe at the same level (or better) as the uber-popular one in San Jose. I might even rank it higher than the place in San Jose because the sauce doesn't seem as buttery and artery-clogging. . . Can't wait to go back!
Love their lemon pepper & hot n juicy shrimp. Good size restaurant only waited 20mins for seating.
OMG... This Place Is To Die For!!! Seriously. I learned about it on Man vs. Food & Adam you were soooo right!! The food here is AWESOME!! If you love seafood, this place is a must. Not only were the Crawfish tasty, but the crab was sinful too!! I waddled out of this place just because I could not stop myself. Now the place is a hole in the wall... nothing fancy here, but that's ok by me cause it's hard to be cute when your sucking the head off them there crawfish & crackin crab!! Really!! It's off the strip... about 1.5 miles from the Palms, but so worth the visit!!
Every time I come to Vegas, I want to try this place but never get the chance. This trip I made it a priority and was the first restaurant to hit on my Vegas weekend and I will definitely come back regardless of reeking of garlic after walking out of the place. Even the next day i could still smell the garlic on the clothes that I wore to the restaurant.. . Everything we ate was delicious!! My bf and I ordered a pound of shrimp and a pound of the crawfish both in the medium hot n juicy special sauce. And let me tell you, the medium was still very spicy. I'm glad I didn't get the hot. My lips were tingling with the medium and I love spicy food. We also got and order of the cajun fries and a side of rice. I put some of the sauce on the rice and that was super delicious!! . . Other reviews say how packed this place gets. Not the case on a thursday night. We were seated immediately, however there was a good sized line when we left. Service was great and the food was wonderful. Our next trip out we will definitely be stopping for a bite again.
This is my second time i come to eat here. The food is great . The place is a little dirty but only cause you eat wiyh your hands and dont use plates. They rated yhis rest in vegas weekly and got great reviews. Definately everytime we come this rest is a must. Also this rest came out on man vs food
Very yummy!. My husband and I have eaten here twice in the last year.. I had eaten here about 6 months earlier and liked it, but the spicy option was so spicy it made my lips literally peel. I do not mean literally like most kids today do. I mean, it LITERALLY made the skin come off of my lips. I normally can take a lot of spice, but the combo in the spicy option was way too much for me. I enjoyed it while eating it, but the next few days were torture.. The next trip I ordered the lowest grade of spice (can't remember the name) and enjoyed it thoroughly. It was still nicely spicy, but no loss of skin. :) The sauce is very flavorful, so much so that I ordered extra biscuits just to dunk in the sauce. I am not a bread girl and normally pass on it.. I've seen complaints that the crawfish are expensive for the amount of meat involved, but I felt the pricing was very fair. You will NOT be able to replicate the sauce at home and the crawfish itself is priced close to market.. You MUST check this place out, you will be happy you did!
When you just want lots of shellfish and a casual setting you must go here. We ordered the Crawfish, shrimp, and crab legs, all great. We went with the hot and juicy, Cajun, and garlic butter sauces all in mild and they were plenty spicy! It's fun to just talk and peel! It's a busy place and casual so don't expect 4 star service but the girls are nice and you can just flag someonedown if you need a refill or reorder. We also ordered the calamari, sweet potato fried, rolls and rice. The side of rice is enough for 2 to share unless you just love rice haha. The fries and calamari were ok I don't think I'd get them again. They also have fresh oysters! I'm not a huge seafood person but I still had fun and plan to go back. Don't be snooty, tie on the apron, be patient and enjoy a lazy afternoon of conversation and crustaceans!
This is definitely off the beaten path if you are one of those types of people that live for The Strip and all of its foo-foo overpriced eateries. Located about two miles from the strip, give or take a few feet, Hot N Juicy is located in Vegas' "Chinatown", although I saw more Vietnamese and Korean joints than I did Chinese. . . First of all......if you are waiting outside the front door, BEWARE THE RAMP LOCATED BY THE DISABLED PARKING SPOT! Its made out of the same asphalt that the rest of the parking lot is made out of, and the wife didn't see it, and she ate shit............Please be careful. . . With that being said, we went this past Sunday, (05/29/11), and it was jam packed. Right away, they let us know that they just opened up another location down the street, but we politely declined and toughed out the wait. For our party of10, which we said didn't mind having split up if it got us in faster, the wait time was only about 30-40 minutes, and they told us it would be about as much. . . When we were seated, the waitress was kind enough to explain the flavors and levels of spiciness and she was right on. Getting right into it, we tried the shrimp (lemon pepper and garlic butter, both mild), the fried catfish basket with fries, the corn on the cob, and the steamed rice. . . SHRIMP- . . Big, fat, juicy, and oh so tasty. Unlike other places similar to this one, the sauces they used for both types we tried were kind of thin in terms of thickness (?), but VERY, VERY, VERY FLAVORFUL. We've been to places that the sauce is almost sandy or chalky, but here, it is like a nice shrimp stock, and we easily and most enjoyably poured it all over our steamed rice, which made it that much better! . . CATFISH- . . The catfish basket comes with fries. Fries, who can F those up? Not these guys! Crisp, crunchy, and salty. Perfect the way a fry should be. The catfish, perfectly cooked, comes in a nice cornmeal type of coating that adds a little extra crunch. Only problem is, they only give you about a fillet and a half, if that. I've been to places where they give you almost 3 fillets and that would have to be my only bitch about the fish. . . SIDES- . . Corn on the cob was awesome. Boiled, Buttery, sweet, and not overcooked. Simplicity at its finest. . . Steamed Rice- ditto. Simple, yet delicious. . . OVERALL EXPERIENCE- . . The wait was expected. It was out the door just like other people said. Waitresses were very helpful, but with the exception of the first refill, were slow on the next couple. As far as ordering more food, they were spot on. I'd come back over here for sure, and I'd bring my friends too. If you don't mind a wait, or taking the roads less traveled, be brave and head this way!
Great place to eat seafood loved it, but beware their spicy Is spicy! My friends had a hard time with mild
Any place that makes me crave to come back is getting 5 stars from me!  I finally convinced a couple of friends to try the infamous Hot n Juicy for the first time.  None of us had been here before, but I am pretty sure all of us are returning soon!. . We ordered two pounds of crawfish, and a pound each of shrimp and snow crab.  We opted for the Hot n Juicy sauce, medium spice.  The spice level of the sauce was right about on for us (although we may go hotter next time!), and the flavor was extremely good.  It was some sort of a garlic sauce that made sucking the juices out of these crustaceans so addicting.  . . The shrimp were by far our favorite.  Nice and big in size, and juicy.  They weren't that hard to peal really, with the heads on them.  The crawfish were also tasty, although there was a lot less meat in them (obviously).  I am not a big crawfish eater, but these were so damn good that I probably would get them again just for the experience of cracking them open!  The money paid for the crawfish versus how much meat you get might not be worth it to some, but the experience is worth it to me.  The blue crab legs were few, but large and extremely delicious!. . I can't wait to come back, so Hot n Juicy is getting a 5 star review from me.  The waitresses are cute and friendly and they'll make sure you know how to crack those shellfish!  This place definitely deserves the A+ reputation that it has earned.
Let me start off by saying I was hesitant to try Hot N Juicy.  Now that my cherry was popped I can't stop thinking about it.  I've been back every week since the first time I went, and one week I went twice.. . I'm not a crawfish fan.  Maybe that is why I was so hesitant.  Nonetheless, I wanted to be open minded and faced my fears.  . . There was a half an hour wait and I remember thinking- this better be worth my time!  The staff is pretty friendly and accomodating so it helped my nerves while awaiting for our table.. . I didn't order the crawfish but I did order the Hot N Juicy medium shrimp special as well as some corn and cajun fries.  The sauce on the shrimp was spicy, buttery and garlicky goodness.  3 things I love the most.  The shrimp is placed in a big plastic bag so the shrimp soak in all the juices from the sauce, and they put the corn (on the cob) in the bag to sit in the sauce also.. . OMG.. . SOOO good!. . Eventually tried to expand my horizons and get the crawfish, but I wasn't a fan.  That is only because they creep me out.  So I'm a bit bias.  BUT shrimp fans rejoice.
I kinda went into this place expecting to be dissapointed only because every crawfish place I come across I compare it to the boiling crab (a restraunt very similar to hotnjuicy) and im always let down...but this time I was strangely happy with the flavor...i ordered shrimp and they sell it to you by the pound...and 1lbs is plenty for one person! They serve it to you in a huge plastic bag and expect your hands to get dirty because there are no forks or spoons here!! The staff is very helpful and friendly! So overall I am a very happy camper :)
Went here with some friends cuz of love for seafood. I was surprise it was small for such a popular place. Food was awesome. I had had 2 lbs of crawfish and 2lbs of snow crabs. I was a bit disappointed because they ran out of Dungeness my original order... on a Tuesday! But overall good experience. The staff was wonderful. The food was great. Definitely recommend you drop by when in Vegas
**Summary**.        - Seasoning - The options are Louisiana Style, Juicy Cajun, Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper, and Hot n Juicy Special. Hands down, the Hot n Juicy Special is the best. It's a mix of the rest and it's very flavorful..        - Spice Level - The options are Less Than Mild, Mild, Medium, Spicy, and Extra Spicy. Be warned, their spicy level at mild is already pretty spicy..        - Flavor - Your seafood, spices, and extras are cooked in one bag to lock in all that flavor. I personally like to peel my shrimp and then dip it back into the sauce..        - Ordering - You order your seafood and what seasoning/spice level you want. I'd recommend the shrimp or crawfish with Hot n Juicy Mild. Also, you can add sausage and corn to it too. The corn soaks up a lot of the sauce, making it extra flavorful and spicy..        - Warning - If you order shrimp, crawfish, or crabs, you're eating with your hands so that gets kinda messy, but they give you bibs. Also, because of the intense flavor of thesauce, you'll probably be sweating garlic for a while.. . **Price**.        - $9.99 per lb. Crawfish.        - $10.99 per lb. Shrimp. **Recommendations**.        - I'd recommend this place for a good experience and a delicious meal. However, just as a warning, it can get a little messy, and you'll smell like the sauce for a day.
THE BEST!!!! enough said! everything about this place is awesome the price, the selection of seafood, and the omg taste of it all gets u drooling just thinking about it haha. love this place recommend it to anyone thats a seafood lover and loves spices. . . quick tip expect a lil long wait cause theres probably alot of ppl dying to get into this place just like you will be.
Seafood in a bag.... no one does it better than Hot N Juicy. One of the gems in Vegas off the strip. Whats makes this place special is the sauce they cook the seafood in. Every time I'm in Vegas I come here at least once. Hand down better than Boiling Crab and other places I've been to.. I don't know how they do it in the South but this is definitely the Best in the West.
SOOOOOOO goooood!!! Most of the places that have been on tv don't live up to the hype, but Adam Richman definately got it right when he gave this place the thumbs up!!!. . One warning: it is VERY messy!!! Make sure you don't have ANY cuts in your fingers before you start eating (They do have gloves, but it's just not as much fun using them!) - other than that, you can't really go wrong with ANYTHING on this menu!. . We always get crawfish with the HotNJuicy Special- with NO spice... We do like spicy food in our family, but even the mild has a pretty strong kick that does dull the yummy-ness of the sauce! Make sure you get a bowl of rice and order some extra sausages to eat with that extra sauce!. . NOT the best place for hungry kids- we were able to get our girls some french fries & soda, but they got pretty frustrated trying to peel their own shrimp/wait for us to peel shellfish for them... and the craqfish creeped them out! (lol) But they ended up getting hapy meals on the way back to the hotel!. . So for the best experience, leave the kids at home and go expecting a wait that will be well worth it!
Will consider opening a restaurant in Honolulu???  pretty please?. . YES!  It was that delicious!  On my trip to Las Vegas, I was brought here by a couple of friends and I was hooked after that time.  My traveling buddy and I shared a pound of the Hot n Juicy shrimp with sausage, corn, and rice.  It was more than enough for the two of us.  The mild sauce had a big kick to it so if you're not the spicy fan, I don't even recommend the mild!  The sausage was really good as it had a snap to it and the corn was infused with a buttery version of the Hot n Juicy sauce.  The staff was excellent as they were very good with beverage refills as each of us polished off at least two sodas.  . . Hot n Juicy kicks all of the North Shore shrimp trucks in the face and make them beg to call it "daddy!"  I wished I had the time to come back again.  Any place that has me craving their food after a couple of weeks deserve 5 stars.
If you haven't tried crawfish or have but didn't like it this place will be sure to change your mind.  This place is terrific.  It's a great spot to sit, chat and have a long dinner as eating crawfish is a process.  I can't wait to go back as I haven't been in a few months.
This place is sooo GOOD!  I was HOOKED after a friend took me here last year.  I ordered a pound of shrimp marinated in the Hot n Juicy special.  I love eating really really spicy foods and the medium spiciness I ordered had just enough kick for me.  My friends ordered crab legs and crawfish marinated in the Hot n Juicy special but I think the shrimp is able to soak more of the delicious marinade and easier to peel.  Heck, I even ate the shrimp's head and I don't normally eat the shrimp's head =)  The marinade is that good!  I'll never be able to go back to Hawaii and eat expensive Giovanni's or any other shrimp trucks again.  Giovanni who?  I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat there again!
Hang Over? The cure is some Hot and Juicy CrawFISH! . . Delicious, Hot and Ready! The cute staff girls are awesome and often bring water for refills because they KNOW you would need water at a place called Hot and Juicy Crawfish! Amazing, must frequent hot spot off the strip when you are in town!
I love this place and crave it ALL the time!!! Shrimp in the Hot N Juicy special sauce mild is my all time favorite with a dozen of cajun sausage, but everything else on the menu is very good. Get there early if you are interested in Crab or Lobster because they sell out quickly. One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!
Best thing in Vegas!!!!! U should come here if your ever in Vegas..
This was one of the best seafood places I've been to for crawfish! It was absolutely good! I ordered 2 lbs of crawfish and also got a potato and corn that was in mild hot&juicy sauce. The flavor was very satisfying and just made me want more. Waitresses there were quite friendly and quick with the food. I liked how it was easy to eat as in the tables had plastic on them for quick clean up and they gave me a plastic bib and there was lots of napkins if I needed any. I would come back anytime again!
"Hands down"!!! This place was so good we had to have it again before leaving Vegas... First time there we ordered the crawfish which I am not to fond of... Calamari was pretty good...  we also ordered shrimps.... the shrimps were so juicy anddelicious so much flavor!!! We had the butter garlic, and also lemon pepper I would highly recommend these 2 flavors. We also tried the Cajun seasoning and I am not a spicy person so didn't care much for it.... Anyhow when in Vegas this is one spot to definitely check out :D
Wow! I can't believe that it took me this long to finally try this place.  It has been a long time dream of mine to get down and dirty! . . Hot n Juicy and lemon pepper shrimp at one pound each with a side of white rice. In addition to skin peeling, eating with my hands, sucking the juice out of the shrimp heads, licking the juice from running down your fingers, and drinking the juice from the bag after devouring the shrimps; while all were sitting in my tummy and with a side of beer was EPIC!!!!
OK... so I watched the Man VS Food show and saw this place... And I wanted to eat here.. AND I DID!!! Went during 4th of July weekend... We had to wait 45mins!!! BUT was well worth it!!! Crawfish was yummy and shrimp was  yummy!! Next time I go there I will try the Crabs!!! MMM
I've been going to Boiling Crab since I'm from socal and this place is just as good, if not better!! To me, the seasoning is right on par with BC. The one thing I love about this place is that their crawfish are always huge! I've come here a couple times already and every time I come (around lunch time), there is no wait, which is a plus. Definitely recommend this place if you're craving some tasty, flavorful crawfish :)
Upon approaching Hot and Juicy the aroma of freshly cooked seafood and blended spices teases you with what it to come. When entering we were pleasantly greeted while the menu was explained to us. The service at this establishment was a highlight. If you ever go, ask for Robin. She was a delight and helped answer many of our questions with a smile. We ordered the crawfish, shrimp, and crab.  All was tasty but the crab outdid itself. Easily one of the best crabs in Vegas, especially for the price. All in all, I recommend Hot and Spicy!
OMG....this stuff is like CRACK! This is what I'm going to miss from Vegas. . . My sister, brother and friend went on Sunday afternoon and we ordered:. . Soft Shell Crab - It was good and the fries had a kick to it.. Etouffee - Flavorful and pretty spicy.. 1 lb. Crawfish - Lots of work, but fun to eat.. 1 lb. Clams - These were actually pretty disappointing. Also, seemed to be more empty shells than clams.. 1 lb. Shrimp - OMG....I'm not a big shrimp fan, but I ate so many of these.. . We went back Monday with two other friends and ordered:. . Fried Shrimp - These were ok, but the batter was a bit too thick.. Cajun Fries - Still had a kick to it.. 2 lb. Crawfish extra corn - Still was good. 2 lb. Shrimp - YUM!. 2 lb. Snow Crab - Oh these were good too, but one of our friend inhaled most of it.......I know not to go with him again.. 1 lb. Clams - Yeah, I would stay away from these as they are not worth it.. 7 Garlic Butter Corn - These were so good. We ordered 4 first and we ended up ordering an additional 3. Must try these!. . We ordered mild for all of it and it does make your tongue and lips burn, but seems to fade away by the time you leave. I am definitely going to go CRAZY next time and try......medium! =). . I thought the staff was awesome. There was a mix up and they ended up giving us 1 lb. snow crab on the house which most places wouldn't. Awesome!. . I also thought the prices to be very reasonable! . . Can't wait to go back! This is going to our place to go when in Vegas.
Awesome place great food from shrimp to crawfish, I love the juicy Louisiana, great spice and heat....service was alright it's my second time going and they are always busy. Parking sucks because it's so busy there's just not enough of it. Not a long wait time to get seated and and service was fast to the table but then got a little slow. But the food made up for everything, I don't like eating with my hands but it was too good. I will definitely be going back soon......
This was my chioce for my birthday dinner last week, so that should tell you something right off the bat.  It's excellent.  Hot n Juicy is on my list of places to take out of towners.  It's sits right next to Nora's and Fierfly in my book for something, different, excting, deliciuous, fun, and affordable. It is always packed! We went Monday night at 8:30 and still had to park across the street and wait 30 minutes to be seated.  But, it's worth it.  . . The funny thing is, I don't even eat the crawfish. I go for the crab! The shrimp and clams are also very good.  This place is really great because you can personalize your selction.  Pick your seafood, pick your sauce, pick your level of spice.  NOTE: They are not kidding around here - SPICY MEANS SPICY.  They put all your grub in a plastic bag and serve it to you tied in a knot.  You can have them add corn, or potatoes insode as well.  I stick to 1 lb. of crab hot n juicy special medium.  I like to get corn on the cob thrown in there, plus order some sausage on the side. Rolls are a must to soak up the rest of that garlic butter infused seafood juice.. . The service isn't that great but isn't that always the case for the best grub.  . . Strap on your bib, and get ready for your lips to burn, your nose to run, and your beer to slip out of your galicky hands.
Super busy but worth the wait. The only downside is the fact that your clothes and hands will smell like old bay seasoning for a few days. Visited while on vacation and I couldnt wear those jeans again for the weekend... BUT the food was GREAT!!!!!!!!!
holy sh*t, i love this place.!!  literally, sh*t... frankly, having this as one of my favorite digs defies common logic as i KNOW eating here will make me sh*t like crazy later.!. . *NOTE this is the same review for their new restaurant.   the only difference is layout.   the service, price, and quality of food does not diminish from one place to the other.. . TIME SPENT. once a week @ Lunch/Dinner times.. . LAYOUT. HJnC seems to be a chain and, for Vegas, this location is the older of the two found in Chinatown.   unlike their newest store, this location has more of a "dive-in" look.   it's an open space look with squared tables and 2/3 half moon shaped booth seating towards the back.   . . i've stopped coming to this location ever since the new one opened, but i recall the VERY long lines to get in.   they have a couple of seats to help with the waiting inside, but those fill up quick, and so it leads to many customers sitting around randomly (sp.?) outside.. . also note that ths location has LIMITED parking.!   customers tend to park around a adjacent neighborhood or at the shopping center over (tow warning).. . this issue may be gone with the new store opening...   but, garunteed - HJnC is always crowded nonetheles.^^. . SERVICE. no matter which HnJC you're at, the service is OUTSTANDING.   people are cheerful and conversational.   not only do servers ask what you need, but EVERYONE who works there will also eventually ask what you need.. . FOOD. there's an arguement here on how good the food is.   as i rave about the taste, my southern friends disagree that it's better back home.^^;. . my one CON is the Snow Crab's "freshness" being on par with local buffet quality.   i found the shell soft and flavor off (sauce saves it).    you are basicly paying $16 a 1ib for something you can pay $24 and eat without limit at a buffet ($15 @ Rio's World Buffet as a local).. . i have ALOT of friends who don't like shellfish, so can recommend their sweet-potato fries, shrimp etouffe (sp.?), battered shrimp, and battered catfish as alternate foods...  all of which, i don't order, but highly enjoy stealing from those who do.^^. . PRICING. on average, i eat 6-8ibs of various items (crawfish, clams, snow crab) which normally run $50-$80.   i've had friends do 1-2 ibs of things and spend $20ish...  maybe that'll give you a rough idea.. . CLOSING. HnJC will leave you with a lasting impression.  the service and welcoming you recieve there make it feel like you're eating at home with friends.   it also doesn't hurt that all the waitresses are gorgeous to boot.^^   it's as if they the catalogue of Suicide Girls were waitressing the establishment.!. . TIPS. 1.  SAUCES: please don't bother with getting anything under SPICEY.   the seafood just tastes bland otherwise.    EXTRA SPICEY will make you cry.. 2.  Wear clothes u don't care about so you don't have to wear those ridiculous looking bibs...  some people go as far as wearing hamburger helper gloves to eat.!   please save yourself the embarrassment of looking stupid.. 3.  i like to save whatever sauces is left over and pour them into one bag to go.   i know - it sounds YUCK...  but the sauce is great with everything you cook.   Omelletes (sp.?), over dry noodles with egg, etc.
Wow! This is one of the best restaurants to go for in Vegas. I actually live here in las vegas but has never gone to this place until today. I can't believe I'm missing out on all this crazy goodness. This place is simply the bomb!. . We got each a pound of shrimp and crawfish and man was that good. The shrimp was absolutely to die for and the crawfish is just so so. The shrimp was big and juicy and really easy to peel but the crawsfish was pretty small and hard to peel. We got garlic butter as the seasoning and it really complimented the spicyness. One thing, they take spicy seriously.. Ourfood had a less mild mix and I thought it was already really spicy. Can't really eat them without rice in my opinion. I recommend ordering their sausage too. It was very yummy with their garlic butter seasoning. However, get ready to wait in line before getting seated cause this place tends to get really crowded.. . In other words, this place is really the sh*t!! I would go back here soon... very soon... Amazing place! go go go try this joint out!
It is so delicious that you can't stop.
I am incredibly glad that we came here during my first trip to Vegas and didn't even have to wait.. . It is a very busy place and we had at least two people serving us.  My sister and I shared 4 lbs of the Hot N Juicy flavour medium, as well as a bowl of white rice.  . . Amazing.  Seriously.  The crawfish were fresh and delicious.  The sauce was addictive and I poured some on the rice.  We could have gone hotter and probably will next time.  And $3 beers?  Yay!  I tried a shrimp, which was cooked perfectly.  The Cajun fries unfortunately was lost on me since my mouth was so full of the crawfish seasoning.  Everything was pronounced very tasty and it was fun getting dirty.. . The price was reasonable and we made plans to come back for lunch in two days.  Unfortunately, we didn't make it and I will just have to drive down to DC instead.  . . Go here and you will not be disappointed.  Definitely worth the trip off the strip.
Got the Spicy Crawfish Hot n Juicy style 2 pounds.... Loved it, so much flavor cant wait to go back and try the crab legs and shrimp.
Again, another great off strip foodie find.  I dined here on 9/4/11 with my hubby and his brother and cousins.  We got here around 8:45PM and this place was jammed packed with people inside the restaurant and people waiting outside the restaurant.  We had to wait a good 30-45 minutes before we were actually seated.  Staff awesome and helpful.  While we were waiting outside in the desert heat, the hostess came out and served us all ice waters, which was a really nice gesture knowing that it was hot and we were all waiting patiently for a table.  . . OMG, food here is fantastic!!  Everyone in my party loved the crawfish and shrimp.  We ordered both crawfish and shrimp in their Hot N Juicy Special seasoning.  It was amazing!!!!!  We also ordered crawfish and shrimp in their garlic butter sauce.  So good!!!!  My brother in law said that this place was way better than Boiling Crab and had better prices too!  . . They had really delicious Cajun fries and their catfish and chicken wings are very tasty goodie too!  The Cajun fries were spicy and can sneak up on you!  :). . . TIP:  Parking is limited, you may need to park on the street.  Try to get there as early as possible as this place gets crazy busy!!!!
Great place if you like it hot n spicy!!!  I ordered fresh oysters on a half shell which was great served over a platter of ice.  The fried catfish was great but I would probably not do the fried shrimp with it breaded.  The shrimp without the breading would probably be best.  Overall it was packed in there and the food was great!!!  I would definitely come back again and its perfect for small groups!
Some of the Best seafood around. "Garlic & Butter" anything! Scrumptious to say the least. Go H&J!
I've driven past this place about 50 times, thinking..."I wonder if it's any good or am I going to be sick as a dog after I throw my money away?"  I am more than happy to say this place is awesome.  It's also packed!  Lot's of spice choices on the menu, lot's of variety of mud-bugs, crustaceans, shellfsh and such.  Also lots of sides, in Southern Style.  It can be messy, so if you take a date here make sure it's like your guys 20th date or so.  Because your hands are going to be covered in hot spices (even with the gloves) and it's a pretty messy/smelly affair, great...but messy.  I never tried it at the other location but I was more than pleased with this one.  The wait staff is awesome, more than willingto make sure you are okay and need anything, they are on top of it, even if they aren't your server they are checking on everyone.  If you have been wishy-washy in the past, don't dally any longer, this place rocks!
Dear miss manners:.   I was invited to this place to eat crawfish. I had never tried crawfish before so I was not aware of the intense labor that is required to eat these little creatures. But it's ok because at the end you are rewarded with lots of flavor.  It was so messy I had to wear a bib, and the only way to eat them was using nothing but your fingers! I had to put aside everything my mother had taught me on table etiquette..   I have to admit that I had a wonderful time. This place is awesome. The food the service and the ambiance were exceptionally good. Everyone seems to be having a wonderful time! Can't wait to come back and try other things. Like the shrimp the crab legs or the oysters!.   My question is.... Is it bad when you like something so much to the point of licking the juices of the fingers? Even if the fingers are those of your friends?
In Hawaii, you get shrimp trucks. In Vegas, you get Hot N Juicy Crawfish!. . This place is amazing! You order a pound (or five) of whatever seafood you want in whatever sauce you want and they bring it to you in a plastic bag so you can get your hands dirty! Oh, and it gets messy (but don't worry, they have a bib for that).. . This place is pretty packed and there's a wait, but it's worth it. There are many types of seafood to choose from (shrimp, crab, crawfish, etc) as well as seasonings and the level of spice you want. Hot N Juicy Special was the best. The price is relatively low, the shrimps were decently sized, and the service was excellent. If you don't want to get your fingers dirty, you can always ask for gloves (but where's the fun in that). Also, remember to add Cajun fries and a side of rice (if you're local like me)!. . Since there's no place like this back home, I'm going to have to try replicating this in my kitchen. :)
OMG!! this place is a MUST MUST MUST. Featured on Man v. Food. I was never a big seafood person till I ate here. . crawfish, shrimp, oyster, crab in lemon pepper medium heat
Hawt n' Joosay!. . The name really says it all for this place.  The sauce is hot, the food is juicy.  Get a garbage bag of food and tap into your inner caveman.  Most crawfish joints do kind of the same thing but the variations in the sauces make them different.  What sets this place apart is they use the sichuan pepper (i think) which leaves your mouth a little numb but taste great and creates a unique spiciness.  As far as the items to order Ive had most of the menu but here are my suggestions.. . King Crab Legs  - Hands down the item to get.  Huge chunks of crab with little effort.  You just have to know how to use the little plastic claw tool.  Use one side to make a crack then the other to slice through like scissors through paper.  Ask your server if you need help.  Don't be afraid of the price these are well worth it, trust me you wont be sorry.  . . Shrimp - If your not going big with the crab legs then these are the best bang for your buck.  Best meat to price ratio and easy to eat.. . Corn - Soaks up the sauce like a sponge.  Make room in your gut for this.  Don't Sleep! . . Fries - Regular or Sweet Potato are both tasty and good sharing choices to break up all the buttery spice from the seafood.. . Sauce - I prefer the everything mix or whatever they call it here.  I also prefer extra spicy which I wouldn't suggest for most people.  Even spicy has a kick to it.. . They can handle large groups and there is a second one down the street if this one is full.
It's all about the Hot and Juicy special sauce! spicy please! . .     I came here a few weeks ago on a visit to Vegas and had to hit up Hot N Juicy Crawfish for shrimp, crawfish, and snow crab.  I was only in Vegas for two days and I went there twice!  I like the different variations of seafood they have at this place..    .      It was a little crowded when I got there, but only 30 mins or so.  After getting seated I already knew what I wanted, so I ordered the hot juicy special snowcrab, crawfish, and shrimp.  I put my bib on and waited for my order with my ice cold heineken.  Once the food got there I went to town with it. .    .      I love the idea of using my hands to man handle the food.  Good stuff, definitely worth the trip if your ever in Las Vegas...forget the buffets.  Hot N Juicy crawfish is where you wanna be.
I've dined here three times so I know the drill.. . 1. Skip the crawfish and go for the shrimp. Crawfish is way too much work for that tiny piece of meat! I've had the crab legs as well and didn't think they were worth the price.. 2. Order Hot n Juicy sauce mild or medium. The mild used to be pretty spicy but last time I was there, it wasn't as hot. Did they change their ratio of seasonings?. 3. The catfish is the bomb.com! The cornbread coating was crispy and not oily at all.. 4. It gets messy but that's part of the experience. They even give you a cute little bib.. . What really impressed me was my server the last time I was there. I forget her name but she was such a sweetheart. She took the time to explain the menu to my friends and she was very patient. Keep up the good work guys.
I can't understand why this place doesn't have an across the board five star review. A local friend of mine took me here for lunch so I wasn't really expecting anything. Wow. I had a pound of their snow crab legs (plus corn and potato) in their very spicy sauce. It was amazing. . . The entire meal comes in a plastic bag, good thing I put on the bib! If I had a straw I would drink the rest of the sauce with it! If I had to complain about anything it would have to be that my very spicy sauce wasn't very spicy, actually pretty mild. I am going to assume I got the wrong sauce because I was told it was going to be overwhelming. The sauce was a perfect blend of sweet, spice, and buttery garlic goodness. The corn and potato were mixed right in with the rest of the meal (yes in the plastic bag), If I hadn't been with a local I wouldn't have know to order this. . . I travel to Vegas often enough that this will definitely become my favorite place to go for lunch.
I have been craving crawfish since I dined here over Labor Day weekend. We were in Vegas for my sisters birthday and if you know anything about me and my sister is that we love food.  Our trip was planned around where we would be eating the entire time.  That's how we roll.. . We came here on a Friday night and luckily got seated right away.  We had heard of long long wait times so we planned on coming earlier than later.  . . Once seated, we looked at the menu and ordered up our meal.  4lbs of Hot and Juicy crawfish for my sister and me, oysters for me and the hubs and he and my brother in law ordered shrimp.. . Although the service was slow, the food was not.  They were brought to us in plastic bags all steaming and full of flavor.  The crawfish were ah-mazing.  They were so hot to the touch that I didn't care if my tongue got burnt. I could not get enough of them.  The seasoning was addicting and wanted to have it on everything.  The boys were done eating before sis and I even really got started.  We can put a lot back.. . Come here.  Don't walk. Run.  Or drive since its off the strip.  You will thank me.  But just a warning, your clothes will smell like the food.  It's that potent.
Whenever we're in Vegas, Hot & Juicy Crawfish is always on our to do list.  In fact, yesterday when I flew in to Vegas, it was my first stop after getting my rental car.  Besides, what's not to love about food served in a plastic bag with rolls of paper towels on the table right?. . My friend ordered a pound of Garlic Butter shrimp, a pound of Garlic Butter crawfish, an I ordered my usual Hot & Juicy special shrimp, medium.  That would be the only thing I would warn you about is the spice level.  I like spicy food and even the medium makes me think twice sometimes.  The flavor is a perfect balance of heat, spices, garlic, butter and just awesomeness.  I hope to go one more time before I leave.
YOU FUCKING OWN The Boiling Crab! Haha. I had this the same week I had boiling crab and I totally noticed the difference. OMG, the sauce here is AMAZING. I usually just order the shrimp-- sooo goood. And don't forget to order a side of sweet potato fries!!! MMM MMM! Not a fan of crawfish even though that's what the restaurant is known for. Funny thing, I saw this place on Man vs. Food-- the owner is Asian, yet the food is Cajun/Creole...HMM. OH WELLS- it's still AMAZING!
SCREW THE CASINOS, CLUBS, AND BUFFETS!!  Vegas is good for ONLY ONE thing and that's Hot N Juicy Crawfish!. . This is by far (and don't worry I edit) the BEST crawfish shack I've ever grubbed at.  The crawfish is literally piping HOT and JUICY.  I ordered the house seasoning, which was finger-licking-good!  There are two bummers though-- one, it's pricey &  two, it gets packed.  . . Of all the things to gamble on, this is a sure bet! ;). . FYI-All the fancy pants eaters have been forewarned because this place is for those that aren't afraid of getting nitty-gritty with their food!
Extra Spicy Hot n Juicy is the way to go!! . Good stuff...took the sauce home and ate bread with it..ridiculously awesome!!!
We are frequent visitors to Las Vegas and have really started to find our way around the place.  When we saw HNJC on Man v. Food we were excited to try a new "locals" place.. . When you walk in you start drooling right away, the aromas coming out of the kitchen permeate the whole restaurant and it is awesome!. . Every time we go to LV now the kids want to go to HNJC and so do I!  . You will get messy and you'll smell like HNJC for a while after you leave.  . . We always order the Hot n Juicy mild crawfish.  We all love spicy food but they aren't kidding when they say the mild is pretty hot.  My husband, 13 year old, and I can stand the medium but our 10 year old can't.  That's ok though because the mild has more than enough spice and we'd probably prefer it anyway.. . Sometimes we get the shrimp, it is very tasty and just as messy as the crawfish.  I prefer the HotNJuicy medium for shrimp.. . We had the king crab once, it was fabulous.. . We've tried most of the flavors but now always go with the HotNJuicy Special.
Love. Love. Love this place. I honestly think it's better than Boiling Crab, you don't have to deal with the ridiculously long wait time, and it's cheaper here. I didn't try their crawfish, which they are known for, as I think it's too much of a hassle for such a small portion of meat. We did get the snow crabs (so tender), the shrimp (big chunk of meat), clams (juicy), and the corn. The corn is really good, being soaked up in all the goodness of juice/sauce. Then combine all that salty food, and down it with Corona and lime, that's a damn good meal!
Foods great! Not salty at all and very flavorful! I enjoyed the environment here and the service was great. The food was juicy and the shrimp were huge! I remember seeing this on Man v. Food and passed by it a few times when we were in Vegas, but never really thought I'd stop by and eat. Since a friend of ours recommended it to us we decided to give it a try. No wait to be seated. Server kept coming by to check to see if we were ok even though it was getting busy... I'd give this place 5 stars. Great visit...
You're gonna have to get your hand dirty on this one!  I could eat the shrimp here all day.  Go with the Hot N' Juicy Sauce for a veritable taste explosion!  Be sure to supplement whichever shellfish you get withcorn or potatoes they are great as well!. . Your food will come steamed in the sauce in a piping hot plastic bag.  Gloves and bibs are around for those who need them, but that ruins the fun.  We have taken to saving the sauce and bring it home to put over rice the next day...it gets even spicier but is delicious!  This is a "must go" any time your in Sin City!
I want to move to Vegas because of this restaurant! I saw this featured on Man VS Food and oh boy, I can sense the goodness emanating from the TV and I made my husband promised to take me there. So one weekend off we went to Vegas, not for the casinos or the shows but for Hot N Juicy and it was worth the 4 hour drive from Temecula! There was a short wait when we went there, we ordered shrimp and crab, sweet potato fried and corn. Me and my husband demolished every bit of the 2 lb shrimp and 1 lb crab. The sauce was delicious and I literally licked my fingers.
This is a must try place, if your looking for something different and unique this is the place to go. I did enjoy the different atmosphere this restaurant offers.  You gotta get your hands dirty that's the fun part about this. The best is the hot and Juicy special sauce and i did enjoy that more with shrimp than Crawfish and it was just awesome with the dungeons crab, which was a little pricey but that's normal for crab. Its all in the sauce i can eat that sauce with anything, it was also great with bread more than rice. Just try this place i don't think you will be disappointed.
I visited Hot N Juicy on Christmas Eve 2011 with my family.  It was the best meal of our stay in Vegas!  It was a "unique" experience and I learned it can be quite a painful one IF the extra hot sauce splatters directly into your eyes ... ouch!!   The meal was reasonably priced and the facility was clean.  I will definitely visit again on my next trip to  Las Vegas!!
There used to be no wait here but after Man V. Food highlighted this spot, the wait has gotten to be unbearable at times. I have heard they have another location now to ease the congestion of the crustacean mayhem.. . The Hot n Juicy Special is the only way to go. I usually get the medium but be prepared to reach for those paper towels to wipe your running nose. It's spicy but not unbearable and the taste of the sauce is still recognized by your palette which I believe makes for a perfect balance. Make sure you get enough corn for each person or you better be ready for the ensuing fight that's going to break out.. . My first and last stop every time I go to Vegas so you know it's that good.
This place gets a crowd, and a big crowd at that. Since the latest competition, Boiling Crab, migrated towards the valley from Southern California we could see that the battle of the rivals are still in order. The question is, who serves the best shrimp?. . I'll be brutally honest that my point of view is biased because i have yet to taste the savory goodness of Boiling Crab. So until I have tried its savory goodnes, my critic will rest at recommending Hot and Juicy until further notice. . . Besides the raving hype that Adam Richman did feature Hot and Juicy on man V. Food, I can say that the feshness and the flavor of the seafood here are just to DIE FOR. Literally, you eat all the shrimp and crab you can consume until you fall face first first into a food coma (this my ideal way of leaving this earth). . . I love the spice and tangy flavor of their famous Hot and Juicy sauce. My first mistake as a first timer is underestimating their love for HOT. So I got the hot flavor of the Hot and Juicy sauce. My mouth was literally burning with fire, and I couldn't enjoy the flavor of the sauce because the spice was taking over my taste buds. So if you are all for an inferno party in your mouth, I'd suggest the Hot  Hot and Juicy sauce.. . My personal favorite is the less than mild Hot and Juicy sauce with all the right flavors with just the right amount of spice that I can handle baby! (ow ow!) Yes, it may not be on the menu, but there is a less than mild spice. The mild flavor still has a lot of kick in it so beware! . . I also love the lemon pepper. If you love the tasty combination of citrus, tang, and spice, I would suggest the lemon pepper. It is also the safe zone. A flavor that is sure to satisfy you if you're not sure you're ready to take the risk and commitment of spice.. . Lastly, this joint is worthy of five stars when you throw a corn in the cob and a potatoe in the plastic shake and bake bag (shake, DON't bake). Soak those bad boys up in that sauce baby, and call that a connection! . . Its all about good food and experience and when you incorporate the thrill of eating off the table with no utensils or a plate (something your mother told you NEVER to do), you're sure to bring out the dangerous and adventurous side of yourself that you didn't know existed! Its a great place to take a date, especially if you want to test the daring side of them. I will be a long lived patron of Hot and Juicy. Hat tipped to you! :). . (Further update when I try my Boiling Crab experience....)
Love this place!
I've been going to Hot N Juicy for awhile!  Since the first one opened and my friend/coworker Elise introduced me back in 2007 so I figured it's time I write a review.  . . It's pretty much my main place to go when I'm craving Cajun.  I've been to New Orleans before and dare I say, this is just as good and as authentic!!  The price is decent, I mean it will be at least in the teens for anything, it is seafood.  If it's your first time here then you must get a 2 lbs. bag of craw fish with the Hot N Juicy special flavor mix.
Amazing!  Food tastes great and the staff is nice.  Hot and juicy special sauce with the lobster, king crab legs, shrimp, mussels, and clams is the winner.
It is exactly what you expect. Don't expect frills, but they have great service and great food. 5 star worthy for that.. . The only thing is that parking can be hard.
I've eaten at plenty of places that serve pretty much the same kind of food. But this place rocked. I normally order crawfish, but they were out of louisiana crawfish, but  they had crawfish from northern California. VERY smart. They had a backup plan and they succeeded. I mean these suckers were HUGE. Mini lobsters, I'm telling you. Very fresh, flavorful, and so full of meat. Then the clams, they weren't overcooked. They were big, and dare I say it, JUICY. Yummers. Shrimp. Good. Not overcooked, easy to peel and tasted great.  And they've got a second location, which I've been to. And you can always call to see what their inventory is. And if they don't have it earlier in the day, they definitely will by dinner time. Highly highly recommended. This is the spot to go when you're in Vegas. Oh, by the way, I've been here at least 4 times in the past 8 months, and I live in California. This is always a stop.
De-fricken-licious. I had never tried crawfish, but I'm a big seafood lover, so I was excited to try it from what is supposedly the best. You order your seafood of choice by the pound and can find the daily market prices on a board by the kitchen. You choose your choice of seasoning and heat level. I went with the Hot N Juicy special and "less than mild." Even at less than mild, the spice level was making my nose run a little bit (I'll admit, I'm a wimp). Service was okay. We had to ask the waitress for a refill after she passed our empty cups several times. I promise, I'm not a snob, but as a waiter myself, if a customer has to remind me for a refill, I'm not exactly doing my job. Anyways, on to the food:. . Snow crab w/ lemon pepper: Absolutely amazing. I don't know how, but their crab was some of the most moist I've had. Huge chunks were easy to pull out since the meat hadn't dried out. Don't forget to dip your crab meat in whatever seasoning you have. It takes it to the next level.. . Crawfish w/ Hot N Juicy: Great, but very small. The little bits of meat that you get from each crawfish wasn't very much. As a crawfish newbie, I was surprised, but now I know what I'm in for. If you're here for just crawfish, I'd get at least 2 pounds.. . Mussels: WOW. Some of the best I've had. I never knew mussels could be so tender! I'm so used to having them dried out/rubbery as they're generally - and unfortunately - cooked.. . Sides: CORN! Get lots of corn with your seafood of choice. Shake it in the bag, so it gets coated with the seasoning and save it for whenever you're done with your seafood. It will be all sorts of juicy goodness. My only regret: not getting more. The fries and sweet potato fries were perfectly cooked, but beyond that, weren't anything special. Especially if you're trying to eat on a budget, I'd load up on some sides with your seafood, otherwise you'll easily be spending $25+ per person to fill up.. . Chicken nuggets: As we had a non seafood eater, he got some chicken nuggets which were pretty bad. They looked and tasted like they came from some Foster Farms frozen bag. However, since this place is meant for seafood, I don't hold it against the restaurant.
If you've been toBoiling Crab or Red Claw in Orange County, CA, then you'll find this place is fairly comparable - though maybe with much better service.  But honestly, your opinion on which is better will be based entirely on your own specific tastes and what you're used to. (Ex: I was a big fan of Boiling Crab until I started going to Red Claw a few times and the garlicky taste grew on me. Now I love Red Claw and think Boiling Crab is a bit too salty. Some may think Red Claw is too garlicky.  So it all depends. Red Claw not ever having a wait is the biggest influence in my decision to always go to Red Claw now anyway.)  . . My husband and I were in Vegas and were looking for a place to get good, inexpensive seafood.  Most buffets on the strip definitely don't cut it for me (since seafood is my favorite food), and their seafood is usually not fresh.. . Since I love Boiling Crab and Red Claw, I was very excited to find this place on Yelp and we made our way to the original location - as it's a bit more tucked away from the second location, which is a bit more touristy.  I found out later from our server that this location is generally more of a local's spot than the newer location.. . So when we arrived at about 7:30 pm on a Thursday night, we were a bit sad there was no parking in the small lot. But thankfully a group of people left shortly after we circled the lot and nearby neighborhood for parking. We got in and were quickly greeted and told that the wait would be about 20 - 30 mins, though maybe quicker because they were cleaning up some tables.. . Okay, so while I was waiting, I noticed a few things. . 1. The mixture of people in the restaurant was extremely diverse.  I'm sure there were at least 10 different ethnicities there!  The age range was also very wide - from young to old.  This was a great sign, as I noticed EVERYONE in the restaurant seemed to be enjoying their food - the food fit, apparently, for varying taste buds.. 2. It was pretty busy in there, but the servers were extremely friendly and were all helping each other throughout the restaurant. No server was strictly confined to only one section or certain tables or customers.  If you stopped any server, they happily got you what you needed. This was honestly rare to see, and I was impressed at how the servers all seemed to interact together as a team rather than stressed out, competitive individuals.. . As far as the food, we got our shrimp, sausage, and corn in the hot and spicy sauce at spicy level. The clams, we got in the spicy garlic sauce.. . Shrimp - Mostly fresh, juicy, plump, easy to peel and crunchy (sings of freshness).. . Clams - Were good, though the actual clams were a bit smaller than I hoped they would be. I guess maybe they just use different clams than what I'm used to at Red Claw.. . Sausage - Were not polska kielbasa sausages as we hoped. :( My husband was very disappointed and didn't like them at all, and he normally loves sausages.  Don't get these. Even though I ate them, I didn't enjoy them.  They were pretty oily and fatty tasting in a bad way.. . Hot N Juicy sauce - This is similar to Boiling Crab's sauce.  I would say the spicy is pretty spicy, and a little spicier would make it so that you couldn't taste your food very well.  My husband and I have a pretty high tolerance for spicy food, and the spicy here is in between the medium and spicy spiciness at Boiling Crab.. . Garlic sauce - We got this sauce spicy, and it tasted fairly similar to the Cajun garlic sauce at Red Claw (though Red Claw uses tons of real chopped garlic and is much better, in my opinion).  My husband liked this sauce over the Hot N Juicy sauce, which is ironic since I'm usually more of the garlic lover.. . Cajun fries - Fries sprinkled with Cajun seasoning.  The fries were good and crispy and moist on the inside.  The Cajun seasoning is pretty spicy, so be mindful of that if you don't like things too spicy.  They were good fries. :). . Overall, this was definitely a great place for good Cajun-style seafood.   The service was great, and the food really good.  Overall, I'd definitely go here again the next time I'm in Vegas and craving seafood.. . Be warned though that your hair, skin, and clothes will smell like your food.  I suggest you keep jackets and sweaters in your car and wear something you don't mind stinking up.  You'll probably have to take a shower when you get home, unless you don't mind smelling the food on your hair and skin while sleeping. :)
This place is a favorite place to eat in Vegas. Be prepared to get your hands dirty, but it well worth it. Great place to have fun with your friends while enjoying a great meal. If you love seafood give this place a try for a taste of New Orleans in Vegas.Parking can be hard and their might be a wait but it is worth the hassle. Take cash to get a percentage off your bill.
We never leave Vegas without hitting "Hot N Juicy" at least once.  We can't get enough of the huge shrimp, crawfish and the HNJ Special Sauce.  The place can get crowded, but definitely worth the wait.  Don't be afraid to get messy.  Order plenty of rolls to soak up the yummy sauce.
I was in Vegas for Superbowl weekend and was craving crawfish so we decided to go right after the game. To everyone's surprise, it was super delicious!!!! My favorite is their lemon flavor. This is definitely on my list when im back in vegas!
omg, drool, yum, drool, and repeat!!!! i chose this for crawfish as i saw it being featured on the travel channel.. so when i was in vegas, i HAD to come here! the prices are steep but what do you expect!  delicious ice tea unlimited, and delicious crawfish, and delicious shrimp and fries.. thats about all we ate here. don't take folk who want to have a salad or whatnot because they have NO OTHER FOOD available. no salads and no rice! lol.. we started off with 3 crawfish sauces (ordered by lb) .. the lemon pepper, some garlic one, and some other non memorable one. the lemon pepper was by far the attention grabber because you get a PANG of flavor the minute the juices hit your tongue. however we were not full with just crawfish, fries, and an appetizer of soft shell crab. we decided to get an additional bag of shrimp with lemmon pepper sauce because everyone else was feasting on shrimps and they looked so good! the meal is gona be pricey but it's totally worht it! i wish i knew about the shrimp sooner! either way, a tip: be careful with the spice because even at the lowest level it is FREAKING SPICY!!!!!!!!!! i had to pee 3 times within an HOUR and the last time we were driving back to the strip and i couldnt hold it so we took a detour to a gas station ready to piss on myself already and the gas station had no bathroom! WTFERAK??? i was freakingggg out!!!! needless to say we ended up in old las vegas (downtown) since i found a bathroom! that was bad... so make sure you are careful with the spicyness!!!!!
You want a place with perfectly placed silverware, waiters with bow ties and sparkling champagne? . . Well, you better go somewhere else and get the hell out of the way for the dedicated fans of Hot N Juicy Crawfish. . . At this place you get down and dirty with your hands, you stuff your face unapologetically and watch your perfectly manicured nails get mangled by delicious, succulent, juicy as hell shellfish.  . . If you love amazing food, don't mind getting a little messy and love a little hot in your trot, bring it on. You will leave here with sated taste buds, satisfied tummies and the misson of clearing your calender just so you can eat here again. . . Fan Favorites:. . 1.) A pound of shrimp with the Hot N Juicy sauce. If you like zing, get it mild. If you like super zing, get it medium. This place runs HOT HOT HOT, people. . . 2.) Dungeness Crab or Snow Crab with Lemon Pepper sauce. I'm drooling just writing this.. . If crab and shrimp aren't your thing, shake it up and sample things. This place has huge variety and I guarantee you'll find something that shakes your tail feather. . . On an end note, the service is awesome. If you are lucky enough to run into Tim, you'll be well taken care of. He has served me twice and he has always made it such a fun, lovely experience. It doesn't hurt that he's cute a button, too!
Recommended by a neighbor we just had to give it a try.... . What an incredible find.... . Service - Tim was our server and he rocked. He was on the ball and his support team/other staff were awesome.. . Drinks - Soda, Beer and wine...Sapporo $3, can't beat an ice cold Japanese beer.. . Ambiance/Tableware - No knifes and forks, all you get is paper towels, a bib and unlimited wipes at the end of the meal. Decor is rustic, plenty of flat screens, great little bar area, just good clean (messy)  fun.. . Don't let plastic bag serving vessels put you off and make as much mess as you want to!. . Food - Pound of Lemon Pepper, mildly spiced and just friggin off the charts. Super succulent and delicious.. . Pound of Hot n Juicy flavored, mildly spiced with corn and a few red potatoes. Great flavor, really really juicy and plump. Getting two pounds the next time!!! Corn and potatoes perfect.. . Pound of mild, garlic butter King Crab...OMG to die for. Nothing really needs to be said just get them and lots of them!. . Bill was $63 for soda, 3 beers and all that food (King Crab was most expensive at $24 per pound), you just won't find a better deal or a better way to spend some time getting covered, literally, in flavor and eating GREAT food.. . Thanks Tim, we will be back!. . PS. They have a location closer to the strip but according to Tim this location is the original, smaller and has a more homey felling to it. The owner is expanding the chain but not franchising. Nice to hear.
Liked it so much...ate there twice during trip to Vegas. Only suggestion is to peridiocally clean the table. My garbage (i.e. straw wrapper, used napkins,) was starting to comingle with my food.
I've tried two other places but they can't beat how much flavor Hot n Juicy has to offer in the sauces they use on their seafood. I definitely recommend getting the shrimp since it has more "meat" for the pound rather than all shell but if you're willing to spend the extra bucks for the other shelled fish. Why not? Any seasoning you get has so much flavor. Definitely get the "Hot n Juicy" flavor even without spice it's good. Lemon Pepper & Garlic Butter is delicious too. They also offer delicious calamari.  I'll definitely be back here over and over again.
Delish! Just put on a bib, get your coronas and get your grub on. This is a must stop when in Vegas and tired of casino food.. . Whole shebang medium will have your Latino friends (who have some practice with some spicy food) crying, hot only for the super pros.
i love it. i recommend this place to anyone that comes to las vegas!
OMG! Absolutely the highlite of our short getaway to LV. Thank God for Man v Food for intro'g this place.. . Lets see, started with oysters on half shell, 2 lb crawfish, fried calamari, 1 lb shrimp, the the King Crab Legs for dessert! We were pretty full then decided we had to try the crab legs and MAN AM I GLAD WE DID! . . You soak those crab leg meat in their spicy sauce and you are as close to orgasm without stimulation as humanly possible! I think my wife had that "Sleepless in Seattle" moment ala Meg Ryan! haha priceless!. . Not only was the food THE BEST, but the Staff was just outstanding. They helped us decide what to order and were very attentive without being intrusive. Outstanding!. . Unless you like it really spicy, just order Mild, cuz that is spicy enough...Trust, we're asians and like our spices, but mild was plenty spicy for us!. . Just another "must visit" place everytime we hit Vegas.
This place is awesome!  And crazy busy from the moment it opens up so get there early!. . Just a tip...mild is fricken spicy!  Like my lips are on fire spicy.
I had my doubts about this place at first but now I am fan! I was always told the Boiling Crab is better but my tummy begs to differ. First of all, their shrimp and crawfish are bigger which translates to MORE MEAT. Plus, their spicy is actually spicy. . . I gotta say though, parking sucks. Tiny ass lot and no shade, but eh, it's not like I plan to eat their food outside in my car. Anyway, the servers were very attentive, so if I have to compare again to BC, well... there's really no comparison as I've never received good service from BC. . . On the two occasions that I've been here, I've never had to wait for a seat so that's always nice =)
First time having crawfish, got the medium, perfect  hint of spice !! looove the sauce, and our main server was nice, a few other in our groups who are season spice eaters got the spicey sauce and it was to hot and burned their lips. Lols. anyways I enjoyed it, the sauce is thick n finger lickin good !!would go back. but the craw fish did seem very, very very small .......
This place was so good I made a yelp account just so I could leave my first review for them!  . . I had never been to a "boil" style place before and I gotta say it was awesome! The food was great (4 stars) but the service earned that extra fifth! If you do one food adventure in Vegas this is it!. . I went at about 7 on a Saturday, and let me say the place was packed, I would definitely be more strategic next time!  But despite being run ragged, their whole staff were friendly, helpful, and attentive! They told me it would be about 20 minutes for a table, so when I got one in 15 I was quite happy!. . Timothy, our server, was amazing.  Despite obviously having a lot on his plate he took the time to really go in depth with me about all of my questions when he found out it was my first time. He even put on a pair of gloves when we got our food and gave us a step by step on how to demolish our respective crustaceans!   Checked on us many times, made sure glasses were full, and gave us quite a few valuable honest opinions.   I wish I could have Timothy at every resturaunt!. . The food!  DELICIOUS.  At Timothy's suggestion we had hot n juicy sauce on our crawfish and lemon pepper on our king crab and shrimp. Definitely the right choices!  I had the crawfish and crab mild level spicy, and I like spice!  It was definitely the right heat.  My partner had hers "less than mild", which is their secret lowest spice level, and for her sensitive palate it was perfect!  . . Order a variety, the crawfish is fun but not filling.   The king crab was great, but pricey, next time I'll stick to regular crab.    If you don't have them throw a corn on the cob in each bag you are cheating yourself, some of the best corn I've ever had.  The sauces are amazing, I definitely recommend asking your server what pairs best with each seafood.   The hot n juicy is awesome, but definitely spicier even t the same heat level.. . If they open a HnJ in northern Cali, I hope the staff here considers moving out here! XD it'd be a privilege to eat with them again!
I love this place. It offers quite the experience and their sweet potato fries is always great with anything. Anything you order is awesome. It can be quite pricey depending on what you order, but it is money well spent.
Theses people giving this place less than 4 stars are crazy! The hot n juicy sauce is amazing. !!!!! The biggest difference between hot n juicy and boiling crab is that boiling crab sauce is all grease and hot n juicy has very little grease but tons of flavor. . Service is always great too!. I'm going there tomorrow! 2 pounds of shrimp please.
OK, I'm not a Las Vegas local (even though my 2 brothers-in-law are).  So I found about Hot N Juicy from TV, specifically Travel Channel's Man Vs Food.  Knowing that this place was been made famous from this show, I came here for lunch on Friday of my last Vegas visit.. . We met one of my brothers-in-law for lunch here, arriving in the parking lot 5 minutes before 12 noon.  Even though the restaurant wasn't even open yet, there were over a dozen people waiting outside the door already!  . . Once the staff let the horde in, we were seated right away and given menus.  As this is an Asian-owned establishment, I recommend not ordering all spicy seasoning, unless you can power through the heat.  Here's what I ordered for our party of 3:. . 1 pound of shrimp, with Garlic Butter, mild spice. 1 pound of crawfish, Louisana Style, medium spice. 1 order of Calamari. 1 order of Sweet Potato Fries. . The fries and calamari came out first; they were good and hot, but not exceptional.  But when the shrimp and crawfish arrived, the real feast began.  The shrimp were big, and the sauce was mild and tasty.  And while the crawfish were cooked in a "medium" sauce, it was plenty hot for me and my dining companions.  Just be careful not to suck the sauce too quickly; it will clear up your sinuses in a hurry!. . Just like any of these seafood boil places, be ready to get down and dirty.  They have lobster bibs and full rolls of paper towels on the tables for a reason!. . Overall, this was one of our favorite meals in Las Vegas.  It's in Chinatown and pretty far away from the Strip, so rent a car to get here.
This place is ridiculous in the best way possible. Huge servings of shellfish dropped in a bag on your table, steaming with spices. Yes, please. Definitely order a side of rolls with your order to get the most out of that extra sauce. I got a pound of shrimp with sausage, a side of rolls and a sapporo and it was the best decision i've ever made. Can't wait to go back when I'm not with all of my vegetarian friends ; )
Hot N Juicy is THE BEST. Ever since my husband and I discovered this place, we have been ADDICTED. My husband loves the crawfish and I love their shrimp. Their garlic butter sauce is to die for.. . The place opens at noon- and by that time, there are usually people waiting to get in. Sometimes getting a soda refill can take 10 minutes, but it is SOOOOO worth it.
Never gets old. Hell, if adam richmond is gonna come here so will I!
The crawfish here were DELICIOUS. And a little warning, please trust them when they tell ya Spicy means SPICY. Believe it or your lips would feel like they are burning.  And their secret recipe (the Hot & Juicy flavor) is the way to go, sooo hot and soooo juicy! =P . . Besides the crawfish, their shrimps are also delicious; tender, juicy, and very flavorful as well. We did not try the King Crab leg, which looked amazing when some lady cracked those shells and pulled out a whole long strip of crab meat. Holy cow, wish I could go back now and get some! . . Oh oh, and their sweet potato fries are soooo sooo good. It was the first time when I did not find any soggy fries in the bunch and every single one of them was perfectly fried (crispy) and sweet! Oh man.... . Besides the food, the service here is very friendly; they are very busy, but everybody still greet the customers with smiles and are knowledgeable with recommendations...another thumbs up. The shadiest part of my dining experience here is that they use all plastic cups for drinks and water. Guess it gives you a seafood shack type of feel and most importantly, easier to clean as they can just wrap everything in the paper table cloths and throw away. Maybe should consider recycling cuz that's just a lot of paper and plastic everyday? . . Now that I've done my Let's Save Earth Ad, allow me to HIGHLY recommend this place if you know you are a crawfish fan....a MUST in Vegas.
This place rocks!
The original and the best seafood in Vegas. Bring gloves, because you're going to get sauce on your hands and all over the place.
Just realized that I just became the Duke of Check-Ins at Hot N' Juicy. I'm pretty ashamed that I haven't written them a review. My family and I get together at the original location about once or twice a month. Found that the food is pretty consistent and is a great place for a large family. We often get shrimp and snow crab with either lemon pepper or hot n' juicy sauces. It's so much fun just getting down and dirty while eating seafood laden with garlicky goodness. You leave with a pretty raunchy smell but this food is worth the extra shower.
I must admit I only wanted to try this place to compare it to my favorite spot in Cali. After doing so, I still have my #1 favorite but this one is pretty good as well. I first ordered 1 pound of shrimps, 1 pound of blue crabs and one basket of catfish (pretty much my usual). I shared it of course with my sis. Both shrimp and crab was made in the Hot n Spicy sauce mild. Some of my friends got the highest spice level (cringe). The shrimps were huge compared to what I'm use too! This was the first thing that came out and me and my sis went thru it pretty fast and since she wasn't having any of the crabs we decided to get another pound.... terrible mistake cause she got pretty full so we ended up sharing with our whole group hehe. I lucked out on the crab. Both females!!! and I love the eggs so I was a happy camper :D . . One thing and its a very little thing, the cajan fries were not very cajan. It was barely seasoned to what I'm use to... But this place is definitely GREAT!!! Make it a place to stop by if your partying in vegas for the weekend
This is  great place to take your friends and Family and enjoy some great tasting shrimp and eat with your hands ;).....I recommend Hot and Juicy special sauce and mild spice cuz it is too spicey otherwise,unless thats your thing......a must try in Vegas
OMG...this place was soooo good.  The seasonings of the hot and juicy flavor is great.... the crab and shrimp cooked in this seasoning is sooooo DELICIOUS, corn and potatoes are so yummy.  If you order the shrimp you get soooomuch for the price $10.   I love the idea of all the plastic bags, gloves, tableclothes....no utensils, no plates...its so fun!!!  . Oh and the spicy is definitely spicy!!!  . Its a couple miles off the strip but even being a tourist having to take a cab, its well worth the extra $10 cab ride.
Sweet. Awesome food awesome people. Everything was good drinks never went dry. Food was fast hot and great.
first visit ever, went on a tuesday night, atmosphere was awesome, place was packed, ordered king crab legs, snow crab legs, crawfish, potatoes and corn, everything was great, personal favorite and BEST ITEM ON THE MENU has got to be the snow crab,.....the different flavors and spices were perfect, cant wait to return to vegas to go for seconds!   HIGHLY RECOMENDED TO ANYONE WHO LIKES SEAFOOD  (im from baltimore so i know my crabs....)
I love this place. Where else can you go and have little eyes looking at you as you tear there heads off and eat them..  Everything tastes great and the beer is cheap.
Hot N Juicy has the best crawfish in Vegas hands down! I order 2lbs of hot N juicy flavor crawfish and loved every single bite! The spice is on point! So be ready to sweat lol  Cajun fries are great here too! I really only go for the crawfish so I have no clue what else on the menu taste like. The wait on weekends is more then 30 minutes so I recommend going on a weekday. The service is great and fast. Love love this place!
My boyfriend and I were craving Boiling Crab (BC) while we were in Vegas visiting his parents. So we yelped for the new Boiling Crab in Vegas, but stumbled across Hot N Juicy Crawfish so we decided to give it a try. GOOD CHOICE!! I am happy to report that this is my new favorite hot spicy cajun shrimp place to eat! There doesn't seem to be a line here to eat, which is good because I hate waiting for more than an hour for food. . . Service is really good here. Our waitress explained everything and gave us her recommendations. And when your water is low they come and fill it rather quickly. The waiters and waitresses are usually walking around and asking how everything is. . . I think prices were a dollar more than BC but that's okay. Totally worth it. We usually order just 2lb of shrimp (I can't even eat half) and cajun fries to share. And we got the medium spicy hot n juicy special. . . The shrimp: It's so good. It's better than the shrimp at BC because the shrimp here are more plump and drenched more in sauce! Sometimes at BC it's either you get small shrimp or not enough sauce. But here, it looked like everyone's bags came with lots of sauce and plump shrimps. I think that is a win.. . The cajun fries: Hot spicy goodness in the mouth. I felt like my mouth was on fire just after a couple! I love spicy food so this was a win in my book. It doesn't look like they just sprinkle the cajun sauce on the fries, but it looks like they cook it while the fries are in the fryer because it is seriously explosion of cajun flavor in your mouth after one bite.. . Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going to make a stop here. It's not near the strip so if you are visiting and staying on the strip, get a rental car or taxi it over to the "chinatown" of Vegas.
Absolutely flavorful!! My favorite is the snow crabs extra spicy. Makes my mouth water just thinking about it. Lol. And you must order corn. It so sweet and melts in your mouth. And if you like sweet potatos order sweet potato fries. Crispy and sweet.
Awesome!!!  Loved the crawfish and etouffee.
Some friends recommended this place to us while in Vegas. I LOVE Crawfish, Crawdaddies, Mud Bugs or whatever you call them. The cab driver told us that there is always a wait but totally worth it. We waited for at least one hour in the hot Vegas heat and it WAS worth it. They felt bad for us waiting and sat us at the counter. . . Everything is plastic because this place gets messy! We ordered the crawdaddies and they were served in a plastic bag. When we finished, we ordered another order! . . After spending what seemed like hours in the place, we ended up getting the same cab driver back and he rolled down the windows. He wasn't surprised when we told him that he was right. . . **this place is off the beaten path but totally worth it**
Everytime we take a trip to Vegas, this is a place we always make a stop @. The food is Amazing!! The employees are always friendly, the service is fast except wait times on busy days. The food is messy, but it definately holds the flavor!! I highly recommend getting here around the time it opens and avoiding evenings around dinner time. I must say, a must eat place!!!!
Our 1st time going to this restaurant we were greeted very friendly into our table right away by staff member. Our waitress was so helpful with our order for our 1st there we were impress. We brought our sister & brother in law & they fell in love with this restaurant & they are local. The seafood is DELICIOUS!! Every time we come to Las Vegas we have to eat here. Keep up the good service & great food.
SOOOOOOO GOOD!!!. Its my favorite Crab restaurant here in Vegas. Nothing compares. The service is amazing, especially this last time we went AJ was great. The crab legs are delicious and the environment is perfect. Recommend this place to anyone who likes seafood.!
If you're a big seafood fan like me, you'll love this place.. . I always order 1lb garlic shrimp, fried calamari and a cup of rice. Its delicious! The shrimp is a tad too spicy to me but the calamari actually balances it. . . The pricing is a bit too much for me. 1lb shrimp for around $10 and the fried food is also around the $10 range.. . Its very casual, dim and loud place. Go crazy with your food :)
I always wanted to try crawfish "lousiana stye" with corn & potatoes. I ordered the 1lb. bag of crawfish hot & juicy style, medium-spiced. The sauce that they coat the crawfish in is to-die for. I liked it so much I dripped my cajun fries in it! . I highly recommend this place. I just wish they had one closer to me than Orange County. Luckily they are opening one soon in We-Ho. Which is just around the corner of my beau's place!
Five years in Vegas and I finally made my first trip to Hot N Juicy. I've been missing out all these years. The place is as good as everyone says it is. Great atmosphere and great food. King crabs and snow crabs were were meaty and delicious, the shrimp was big, and the crawfish weren't bad, although they were my least favorite because they required a lot of work for very little meat. Corn and corn fritters were excellent. We had to get another order of the fritters because they were so good.. . Even on a Sunday night it was busy. We came here after go-karting at Pole Position and worked up an appetite but had to wait over half an hour to get a table. And, what's up with the TV reception? They've got some big flat screens but the picture was all static-y. Not that I cared to watch TV during dinner, but it just seemed odd.. . My hands still wreaked of garlic the day after, but it was so worth it.
Viva Las Vegas!!! This has become my favorite restaurant in Vegas! I go there every time. Fresh crawfish flown in every day...shrimp and crab legs that are to die for, tender clams and the Hot N Juicy sauce (I prefer this sauce in hot but you get a choice of sauces & heat level) just covers everything with love! . . All the seafood is served in bags so it keeps absorbing the flavor of the sauce. The crawfish comes with a potato and corn in the bag, but you can get it added to everything else. I recommend adding these as the corn gets the flavor of the sauce and the potato absorbs the sauce. I also like getting a bowl of rice as well and you can pour the sauce on it! . . Yes, you are peeling and ripping your food apart with your bare hands, so ladies, if you do not want to mess up your manicure, they do provide gloves. I went brazenly bare last time though and it was a lot easier to eat and when I was done all the sauce washed off easily.. . They now have 2 locations... I prefer the one that is furthest from the strip. The one closer is very, very loud because of the building. It's like being in a tin can, so take the extra 5 minutes and head a little further up Spring Mountain.. . I cannot wait for my next Hot N Juicy fix!
It was my first time here and I'll be honest, I was skeptical. I have been a "Boiling Crab" fan for many years and each time I've gone to other joints, I've been severely disappointed so I've stopped trying. . . Our friend Andy recommended this place and seeingthat we were crashing at his place, I thought we should at least try it out.. . I ordered 1 pound of crawfish medium spicy with their special sauce, 1 order of dungeness crab legs and both were delicious! The sauce was just right, not too oily, had a great garlic flavor. I also ordered a piece of corn to sop up the sauce. . . I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves seafood!
This is a must go!  If you have been to Vegas or live in Vegas you must go to Hot N Juicy Crawfish... go in the evening and anticipate a wait and slow service.  It is worth the wait and mediocre service to taste their crawfish, shrimp, lobster, or seasonal crab.  We also recommend the catfish basket, it is amazing !  . . . My wife, family, friends, and anyone who comes to Vegas for a visit, we always take them here.  Everyone has had great things to say and recently I have noticed some new employees.  The service has been some what better but still has room to improve.  Either I have adjusted to their spice levels or they have reduced them, I don't think it is as spicy as it used to be.. . Enjoy and let me know what you think.
FABULOUS.....Always if there is a wait it is worth it!
Heard of this place on man vs food and coming from a Cajun family who often have crawfish boils at home we had to check it out.. . Ok to start we tried the catfish basket with Cajun fries. It was "okay" the catfish was not spicy so we ordered a side of hot and juicy medium sauce to dip it in. Fries were also just okay nothing special just some fries sprinkled with creole seasoning.. . Then we ordered 2 pounds of crawfish with corn, potatoes and sausage with medium hot and juicy sauce. The crawfish was great!!! Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually. The sauce is a mixture of all of their sauces and it has a ton of garlic in it!! I love garlic!!  The potatoes and sausage were yummy, not a fan of the corn. At home we throw in mushrooms and I think they should too because I was missing it... . Last but not least we ordered corn fritters. These deep fried wonderful tasty treats were my favorite of the meal and to think I wasn't going to order it!!! It came with ranch sauce to dip but you need to ask for a side of sorracho sauce (chili sauce) just a little dip of it and it's soooo good!! . . We will definitely return, but I think I will try the one in Orange County.
Finger licking good. 2 beers, 1lb of Crawfish, 1lb of Mussels, 1lb sausage, and etouffe. $41. Excellent service and "we should consider coming back before we leave at the end of the week" style food. Everything is served in plastic bags, you get bibs and gloves, so don't wear your Sunday best. A very good casual hit-the-spot dinner. Will go back.
This place is so amazing!  The food is absolutely to die for.  It's amazing! And such a fun eating experience.  I live in Texas and dream about coming back here!
This place is AMAZING!!! I'm so thankful my friend told me about it... I got 1 lb. of shrimp with the hottest seasoning there was available I believe it was cajun and the corn drenched in the seasoning was SO delicious!!! I got salt & pepper, squeezed lemon juice and dipped my shrimp in it and ahhhhh enjoyed it to the fullest so good I had to order another lb. of shrimp lol.... Thankfully our wait wasn't bad we were seated right away but I did notice a little after there was a line of people waiting.. Service was GREAT. The waitress was friendly, helpful & informative. Prices were good for 1 lb. of shrimp about $10, sides such as corn or rice i want to say were $2... Overall a GREAT experience and can't wait for the W. Hollywood location to open since it's closer to me... You have to try HOT & JUICY CRAWFISH!!!
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.. . I came to Vegas, with the saying "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas". Well I cant express how much I love this place and how yummy the crawfish, shrimp, mussels, and sweet potato fries were. . . Great service, they were very quick and attentive. The food was amazing packed with flavors, definitely better than boiling crab. Their sauce comes with chopped potatoes that absorbs all of the flavor from the sauce, yummy.... . The shrimp: big, hot, and juicy. haha the shrimp tasted fresh and did I mention juicy?. Crawfish: I am not a big fan of these little critters because it takes so much effort just to eat the little meat they have. But these guys here are pretty big. . mussels: my favorite! you guys gotta order these! . sweet potato fries: crispy on the outside soft and sweet in the inside (:. . . Definitely have to come back here again while I am in Vegas!
fantastic meal and a fun atmosphere
sooooooooooo effin good! enough said
Hubby and I went to get our hands dirty at Hot N Juicy. From reading previous reviews, we did have an idea on what to expect. Went on a Saturday evening and surprisingly didn't have a wait at all.. We ended up odering oysters to start, king crab, snow crab and shrimp. Pretty good variety to test out. The crab was fresh and oooh so good. Gotta say I love that when you order spicy, it's exactly that. I was only slighly dissappointed on the waitress serving us, considering its pretty small, we had to flag her down a couple of times to get what we needed. . This is now officially my husband's weekly request!
This is where I want to eat every time we go out. I'm addicted and I can't get enough! We usually just get the shrimp and sometimes the crab too. However, this last time we tried the clams and muscles. The clams were good the muscles not so great, every one of the I would have sand. My husband always gets the extra hot and juicy sauce on the side, he's kinda crazy, but at this point he doesn't think its very hot anymore, it looks like MAGMA. I AM IN LOVE with the lemon pepper sauce.
What can I say, but finger licking good!. . The hubby had been here before on a seperate trip and always raved about this place and how "once you eat here you can never eat at boiling crab or any other place again".. . Now I believe him!. . The menu and format is the same, but their sauce is 100% times better. The spicy one is just the perfect level of savory, spicy all together in a bag of yummy goodness.. . We wanted clams but they sold out to our dismay, so we got some mussells, shrimp, crayfish, corn, and etoufee. Crayfish didnt have much meat and was a bit small, but its good to suck the heads! . . Everything was delicious and came out pipping hot. Service was friendly.. . I WISH we had one of these in the bay area.. . A must for foodies while in Vegas.
So I had my birthday dinner here with my friends and I have to say it was a freaking experience that was amazing. I cannot wait to go back. I was a little disappointed that the spiciest sauce was not as spicy as I wanted, Next time I go I'll have to see if  they can kick it up a notch. Also its good to have rice on the side to suck up all the tasty juices.
I had heard so much about this place, I finally met up with some friends for lunch to try it out!. Do not come here if you are afraid of getting a little messy! I ordered a pound of crab legs and, after a little hesitation, dug right in! I have never had crab that you had to actually crack open the shell, it was very different! I absolutely loved it. My friends ordered the fried shrimp basket, rolls, corn, and crawfish. We left the restaurant with full stomachs and smiles. :-) I would reccommend this place to anyone who likes seafood!
This is their second location just a block from the over-busy original. Wow! This is a must when in Vegas! The crawfish, shrimp, mussles, and crab were all amazing! All were served bathed in cajun spice on a plastic clad table. FUN and YUMMY!!! Please open one in Scottsdale!!!
Amazing!. Crawfish are best when in season and FRESH.. I went here in the off season, when the crawfish are frozen, and they were STILL delicious. Also tried the shrimp, the cajun fries (a bit too spicy for us) and the corn fritters (OMG!!).  Everything is messy, juicy, and so satisfying... . During the summer its recommended to call ahead for seating or just expect a wait. Our waitress told us this place is usually PACKED. . . We will continue to come here when we visit Vegas.. The perfect lunch spot after an foot massage in Chinatown :)
Came on Monday at 12:00. . Ordered a pound of shrimp in hot n spicy sauce and 2 lbs of snow crab legs in the same sauce.And the sweetest, yummiest corn ever.. So tasty and delicious. We were full all day and yes, you will stink of garlic for the next couple days, but it is totally worth it. The place was full with 2 waiters but they accomidated to all of our needs quickly and brought out the food fast. It was totally yummy. There are 2 locations on the same street, so if one is too busy, try the other one. Totally worth it.
The seafood and dining experience was great!  We ordered the crawfish and snow crab and it came out perfect. We were very impressed. Will definitely come back when we're back in town again!. . Oh and Phil is the shit!! :)
I love me some Hot n' Juicy.. . It's hard for me to say this is better than Boiling Crab, but I definitely think HnJ beats BC by a tad bit.  Their cajun sauce has a better kick and is a little more garlicky and spicy, which I like.  Get shrimp with the whole Hot n' Juicy cajun sauce and adjust according to your spice level.  Then prepare for a great meal.. . They give you bibs and plastic gloves so as to not dirty yourself while you shamelessly devour into succulent shrimp and eat like you haven't eaten in days.. . Wait time can be a bit long depending on how many people are in your party, but it's worth the wait and oh-so-delicious.. . Come.  That is all.
When I first landed in Vegas, my cousin couldn't stop talking about this place. We are both from Chicago, so unfortunately, they do not have a location by us. He have tried this place tons of times before and since he hyped this place up so much, I had to try it myself.. . The first day, we tried 2lbs of crawfish, crab legs, and shrimp. We also got the cajun fries, which is a good compliment to all those seafood. We got everything with the hot and juicy mild sauce because this was what my cousin recommended. Everything was so good, but I didn't really like the crawfish. They are small and requires more time to eat than the shrimp and crab legs. You also get very little out of the crawfish. I would not recommend this. The shrimp and crab legs are really good and the sauce was perfect!. . The second time we came back here was a few days later. We came back with a bigger group and ordered a storm again. This time we only ordered shrimp, crab legs, and cajun fries again. Everything was once again perfect and I wanted to come back here again before we left back to Chicago. Sadly, this was my last time here and till this day, I would come here as my 1st stop after landing in Vegas. I also must say that after all this food, my gf and uncle threw up afterwards. Everyone else was fine though.. . I also heard that this location is better than the other location, but I have never tried the other one yet. Also, for all you outsiders, prepare to get your hands dirty and do not wear a white shirt. It is messy and you eat with gloves and a bib.
this place is GREAT! . . If you're looking for a stylish and fancy place, this is not for you. There is no glamour in pealing and cracking crabs, or looking like you're about to perform surgery (due to gloves and bibs). However, everything tastes amazing and because intensive product rotation, I do believe everything is very fresh. . . Crawfish is overrated, thou. It is hard to crack and you get a small amount of meat.  I always order shrimp and king crab, both with Hot N juicy sauce (extra spicy!). Do not miss sides of corn and potatoes. . . This place is fun and delicious. Best of its kind.
This is a late review, but I thought I'd do one anyways.. . Went here during this past summer (2012) and my boyfriend and I loved it, well I'd say he loved it more than me. We were on vacation in Vegas for a week and we ended up coming here for dinner twice (on our first night there as well as our third).  The wait can be a little long, but totally worth the wait. Living in Hawai'i we have a huge assortment of seafood, but it's pricey. When we saw how much it cost for a pound of king crab legs, we were kind of surprised because it's cheaper, and I'd say, reasonable. . . If you're not into getting your fingernails dirty, then this might not be the place for you, although they do provide you with gloves and a whole roll of paper towels to clean yourself up. Aside from that, I'd give this place 5 stars because I had an awesome experience, both times.
My favorite seafood restaurant! The hot and juicy sauce is addicting!!!!
Always a highlight of my Vegas trips.  I stopped going to seafood buffets once I found this place.  Their sauce is hands down better than the Boiling Crab and they serve the biggest king crab legs I've come across.
Great little place.  Worth the trek off the strip.  Remember to get some extra potatoes, corn and sausage as they don't come with the crawfish.
"You should write, 'Valerie cracked my lobster!'" . -- Valerie, Hot N Juicy Crawfish Staff Member. . Done and done.. . I brought a friend who was in town for CES here for dinner on 1/9/2013. We had one lobster and a pound of shrimp accompanied by rice, sausages, corn, and rolls. We made quick work of the shrimp but had trouble opening the lobster, which was where Valerie came in. She happily broke the lobster, displaying a steady hand laced with aggression.. . The service at Hot N Juicy Crawfish was excellent. I like it when any server can help you out. One server took our order, another one brought out glasses of water, another one cracked our lobster, and another one brought out our beers. They're very accommodating and understanding of the messy premise of eating crustaceans swimming in bags of spicy sauce. I saw one server rolling up the sleeves of a customer at a neighboring table.. . Excellent food and excellent service make Hot N Juicy a prime destination to satisfy your seafood cravings.
After CES was over for the day I wanted to stop by Hot & Juicy because I'd seen it on TV. This place is very worth going to. I had the 1 pound craw fish on their spiciest levels with a side of fries. Man that was so good and filling which I under estimated.. Now the atmosphere & staff there are very energetic, exciting, and friendly. And last my server Valerie. This is the first server, probably ever that I can remember her name a week later, why, because she did anything and everything to make sure I felt like a special customer, no, like a guest. I, like everyone else, has had great servers but Valerie tops them all. I don't know if I came on the greatest day of her life or it's the music playing that gives the good vibes but it's servers like Valerie with their awesome food that get me coming back when I'm back in Vegas. I can go on and on about how great this place is as well as the people working in there. So if your a seafood fan you have to stop here..                       . David from Anaheim, CA
Love this place!  The wait staff is always friendly.
The shrimp is incredible, I can't wait to go back. It is very messy but equally as Delicious!! Make sure to wear the gloves that you will need them
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Everything is perfect. Food is awesome, staff and service is great. I prefer HnJ over BC. Only down part about it is the parking! A +++ for Hot N Juicy!
I have to say, this is the first place Adam Richman got right. The quality, the value and the atmosphere are well worth the trip off the strip. We had 2 lbs of crawfish, 1/2 lb of shrimp, 1 lb mussels, 1 dozen oysters, Cajun fries, drinks and it was $90 including tip. We will definitely be back.
If you head out to Vegas and start craving hot and juicy crawfish this place won't disappoint.  Chances are if you've been to Boiling Crab then you will be familiar with the set up, menu, and experience.  I like the sauce here better then BC and the food here is amazingly fresh!  Highly recommended!
Visit this place each and every time were in Vegas. Drooling just thinking bout it!
The hubby and I had a Monday off together and chose to visit this place among a list of others.  We arrived around 12:15 shortly after they opened and got a seat right away.  We both ordered the shrimp.  Mine medium and juicy cajun.  His Spicy and Louisiana style.  We loved them both!  The juicy Cajun was a lot better and more favorable.  Each bag of 1lb shrimp was $10 and included about 15-20 giant shrimp.  We added a few potatoes and corn and it was all worth it.  This place is what they say they are.  They serve hot and juicy seafood.  Enough said.  You will get messy eating here, so don't wear your Sunday best!  You can't find anything like this on the strip.  Hands down worth every penny and a great food experience.  We will be back soon!
I'm a Californian and this place is equivalent to Boiling Crab. Highly recommend!
I never thought I'd find a better cajun seafood place than Boiling Crab until I came here. Sorry BC but Hot N Juicy just has their sauce spot on. Something about that Hot N Juicy Special sauce, it has a similar taste to the "whole shebang" but it has a creamy/butter factor that knocks it out of the park. . . Got a pound of shrimp and a pound of crawfish with a side of cajun fries. It was awesome!
What can I say? I love Hot N Juciy! This restaurant is by far one of my favorite places to eat at. I am going to start off by saying all of their food choices are amazing, however, their shrimp is the best. I always get a pound of the Hot and Juicy special and not once have I been disappointed. Their sauces are fantastic, the garlic gives it a nice kick. The fact that you can actually interact with your food makes it an even better experience. The prices are great for the quality of food you get, so no complaints there. I must also say that their service is spectacular. All of their servers are very upbeat and always checked on their customers. I go there so much that they now recognize me. They are so much fun, I can safely say that this is one of the better places off-the-strip in terms of service. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a high-quality cajun seafood place, just make sure to bring gum for that garlicky smell.
There are not too many places where I feel a bib is necessary to eat, I mean I'm an adult and can handle putting food in my mouth without spilling it all over myself.  Hot N Juicy is the rare exception to this rule.  Breaking into crawfish and sucking the juice from their heads is messier than one would expect.  . . I can vouch for the crawfish, crab legs and lobster.  I'm also a huge fan of the Hot N Juicy Special seasoning.  I have kind of a "When in Rome" approach to food ... if something is a specialty or a namesake, more often than not it's damn good.  When I lived in Vegas, I would frequent this place often and bring visitors from out of town here.  Never a dissatisfied experience or visitor.. . A few thing to keep in mind though ... expect to wear a bib and smell like Hot N Juicy for the rest of the day ... maybe into the next day.  This place is also crowded, expect to wait ... It's well worth the wait though.  Hot N Juicy is an experience, be ready to get your hands dirty.
What can you say about a place that is so successful that they can open a 2nd location just 2 block away and keep both of them packed?  Yes, the food is that good.  I took my daughter and her family there after an outing at Lake Mead.  With my daughter - there was no contest .. she LOVED the place.  Even my son-in-law who detests seafood, managed to shnork down 2 pounds of Canjun shrimp.  Please note that unless you met the lady while SCUBA diving, this is NOT the place to take a first date with thoughts of impressing her.  Eating here is pure "Hands On" and it can get messy.  So, let the kid in you out and dig in with Both hands!
Had dinner here yesterday it was crazy busy and we had to wait about 45 minutes.  It turned out to be totally worth the wait!  We had a party of 4 and we tried most of boiled options (except for lobster since they were out).  Our waitress Valerie was incredibly helpful all of her recommendations were spot on.  We had crawfish with garlic butter, shrimp with lemon pepper,  mussels with garlic butter, clams with lemon pepper, dungenous crab with garlic butter, snow crab with hot and juicy spice, oysters, corn and corn fritters.  Our favorites were the shrimp (we had it twice) and the snow crab.  We will be back for sure.
I've always been a fan of Hot N Juicy even though I'm allergic to shellfish (nothing Benadryl can't fix).  It's laid-back, service is great and the food is simple but fantastic.  It's always busy...packed with locals and tourists.  We go here a lot especially around lent.  If this location gets to crazy-busy, there's another one a few blocks away.. . They have oysters, mussels, crab legs, lobster, blue crab, clams, shrimps, and of course, crawfish.  With the exception of the lobster, you order shellfish by the pound.  You can pick the seasoning you want: cajun, Louisiana style, garlic butter, lemon pepper and hot n juicy.  Pick your spice level: less than mild, mild, medium, spicy extra spicy.  Pick your sides and appetizers.  You get a bib and you could ask for a pair of gloves because it'll get messy...you don't want to ruin your manicure, do you?  I do away with gloves since I like to lick the juices off my fingers when I eat here. . . I'm not a big fan of crawfish because you it's too much work and you get a teeny tiny bit of crawfish meat.  I always get less than mild garlic butter...either crab legs or lobster.  Hey, if I'm going to have an anaphylactic reaction, I might as well make it count.  . . Don't take your date here unless you've been together forever.  Or maybe you can test-drive your date to see if he/she's down to get dirty.  The garlic smell lingers...on your breath and hands no matter how many times you brush your teeth, gargle and wash your hands.  After a day, you should be good to go.
The food at Hot & Juicy is always good but when your service is great it makes it all that much better.  Thank you Judi for taking such good care of us on February 21, 2013.  Great food, great service!  Thank you - Terri, Frank, Sheryl & David.
OH VEGAS!. . Hot & Juicy Crawfish is by far the BEST Crawfish joint I've ever been to. I live in San Jose, and there is no place that compares to this.. . Crawfish, muscles, crab, and shrimp all blasted with flavor. This is a place I always have to stop by every time I'm in Vegas. Fast, Fantastic service, and a friendly staff. . . BOMB.COM. . Everyone must try this place, this place will not disappoint you.
BAGS AND BAGS OF CRUSTACEANS YES PLEASE!!! . . We drove by this place and I'm like, "Hey!  I think I read about this place on Yelp!".  We waited for about 10 minutes on a Saturday night and then got a booth.  . . Our waitress was super helpful guiding us through the different flavors and the types of seafood.  We eventually settled on 2 pounds of crawfish and 0.5 pound of shrimp.  i think next time, 1 pound of shrimp, 1 pound crawfish and 1 pound of crab/lobster.  Crawfish heads had tons of flavor BUT paying per pound is working against you with crawfish because it's all shell....at least shrimps have thin shells!  . . Order with beer, order some bread to dip into the sauce.  Wear clothes that you don't like because you WILL STINK like garlic for days to come.  I saw one table with plastic gloves on which may be a good idea....but then I think you lose a bit of the experience if you use gloves.  . . Do GO!  This is a MUST DO OFF STRIP experience!!!!
we had to wait about 20 minutes for our seat but it was worth it. the service was super nice. the choices were great! we ordered 4 pounds of crawfish, 2 pounds of shrimp, 1 pound of blue crab, extra corn and sides of rice. OMG. i love it when my mouth is on fire and this was a great experience. they offered gloves if you didn't want to get your hands super spicy and they offered bibs! refills were frequent and the staff were attentive. i really enjoyed everything!!!
You like spice? you like dirty hands? you like casual? you want to be blown out of this world? This place is it. It's sooooooooooo good and dirty.  Your hands will be filled with sticky sweet goodness as you tear of the shrimp and whatever you find in the bag. If there was a spoon i'd scoop it all out, heck i should have just drank the gravy since i have my plastic apron on.  The gravy tastes even better when rice added to it. . . Forget all the other sides, just order your crawfish and shrimp and slurp/peel away. . . Hot and Juicy, Good and Messy. Now that's my kind of food.
Came here the other night and order my usual 1 lb of lemon pepper shrimp and with it came limes. WHAT?! Limes?!?! So I give it a try, I figure well if they are serving them with it, it has to be amazing.....It was!! Next time I think I will try the hot n juicy sauce with the limes.
Yum!!!! This place is awesome! I do prefer boiling crab, but this place is still tasty! Be warned: Their medium level of spice is very, very hot!!!!!!!
I loved this place. I ate there 2 weeks ago and am still craving it. I would definitely recommend this place. Make sure to get the cajun fries with your order!
Super spicy!! I love it. They really mean it when they say its spicy woo! Great friendly and fast service too :))
This place is simply awesome. Their special Hot n Juicy sauce is better than crack and pairs wonderfully with Shrimp, Crawfish, Clams...damn, the entire menu...It's pretty spicy but feels so good in your mouth...And best of all, its very affordable..For two people, we had  2.5lbs of crawfish, shrimp and clams chased down with 4 beers and the bill was only $47! I love this place! Better than anything you can get in New Orleans!
My favorite crawfish spot so far!!! I really like how they cook the crawfish. It was flavorful without being over-sauced. Just enough garlic so it did not over power the cajun flavor. Most of other crawfish places are salty, too much butter, and drowned in powder. This place is different. When I saw the bag of crawfish, I only saw crawfish, not a bag of red sauce. Fries were crisp and spiced! Service was great. Love it!
Love the food at this place ...Shrimp is just delicious !!!
**Confession: The seafood @ this spot is absolutely amazing!!!!!**. . Of course a pescetarian like myself is always in the mood for yummy seafood. A few weeks ago, my sis recommended that me & a friend check this place out for din din. OMG, I fell head over heels in love! . . It's always a good sign when you walk up to a place & there are people lined up outside the door, waiting to be seated. There was also a large number of people who placed to-go orders, so this place was jumping with business! We decided to grab a bottle of wine (Fetzer Riesling) while waiting for our table and all of the staff there were really friendly & funny. I was joking with the guy who gave us the wine before we even had a chance to sit down. LOL. . It was Friday night, so like us, most of the folks dining there were already pretty tipsy (as they rightfully should be). Wheee! :-D I remember joking around with a female waitress who was serving a table full of guys about them having another round of drinks! I also interacted with our adorable server before we were seated & decided I wanted to sit in his section. I let the hostess know & she was completely cool with it. All of the fun, goofy interaction with the staff was the 2nd indicator that we were in a good location.. . Finally, the food. You select your seasoning, pick a spice level, & select your items. We opted for the Hot N Juicy Special (combo of Louisiana style, cajun, garlic butter, & lemon pepper), Extra Spicy (Hot Hot Hot!!!), & ordered crawfish, shrimp, lobster, & crab (hooray 4 seafood!). The crawfish comes with 1 head of corn on the cob & a red potato, so you can add additional corn & potatoes to your order as needed. All of the food comes marinated in clear plastic bags, so you literally open up the bags and dig in! Everything was seasoned & marinated to perfection! It was hot, spicy, juicy, & delicious as advertised. The service was also impeccable from the moment we stepped into the place! It was one of the server's last night there so we ended up taking silly pics in her memory since she was working instead of enjoying a moving away party. I think I ended up taking pictures with the entire staff by the time the night was done. Silly me! LMAO . . We ordered shrimp, crawfish, corn, & potatoes to go for my sis since she wasn't able to make it down there with us that evening. Those leftovers were still delicious the following day. :-) I was back in Vegas this past weekend (the place was packed again on Sunday night) & ordered takeout for dinner one evening because the food is absolutely fantastic! Looking forward to eating my leftovers tonight & making plans to visit some of the other locations soon.. . Be sure to check this place out next time you're in town. You're sure to love it as much as I do! :-D
I had a pound of shrimp in their original sauce...and their soft shell crab with fries. The shrimp they served were pretty big and juicy and garlicky too.  Tasty!!  Great service too.
Of course I had to try out Hot N Juicy Crawfish (the name says it all), where the famous 'Man VS Food' Mr. Adam Richmond  had visited. We were greeted by a young lady at the door and she tells us the wait time is about 45 minutes  to an hour wait. So we decided to just place an order to go (we didn't want to bother with the wait). So we ordered 2 pounds of shrimp and 2 pounds of the crawfish. It took about 30 - 50 minutes for the cooks to finish with our order. So finally we made it home, we opened up the bags and I dig IN with full force!!! Wow, the shrimp and the crawfish was full of exploding spicy flavors. Here's a tip, spoon out some of the sauce and dip your crustacean in the sauce! Its delicious! So don't get afraid of getting your hands messy!
Wow, when you walk in here you can tell this is a real food joint as you get a strongaroma of seafood and garlic!  . . My friend mentioned the better deal is the shrimp as you get more meat than the crawfish!  So we ordered a bag of shrimp with sausage each.  I also ordered some rice to soak up the juice!  . . We prepared for the meal by putting on the clothes-protecting bibs that they provide you!  . . 2 bags came out and we digged in.  Man... the flavour of the sauce with garlic is just amazing!  Let me say however that there is a ton of garlic!  So much garlic that it stayed on my palate the whole night.  However it's totally worth it for the experience.  . . To wash it down we had a couple of Blue Moon's!  . . So damm tasty!  These places don't come around very often!
Oh my goodness this was just so savory and delicious!! My favorite crawfish place lol. Great staff, just wish there were more tables! You have to try this place! I had the hot and juicy crawfish (medium) my daughter had the mild, but it tasted the same to me? I'm gonna try the garlic butter next, can't wait!!
This is why we love Yelp. Helps us find places like Hot n Juicy Crawfish. Do yourself a favor, get off the strip and check this place out. This place is awesome!!! Food is great and a offers different dining experience. Our server Robin was very helpful assisting us to select what we wanted and how we wanted it prepared.
This place has all the quality to deserve 5- stars rating:. . Service- very friendly and fast respond service. Called in for to-go, the server who took order remembered me over the phone and say hi to me. Ordered extra rice on the spot and was ready before I even paid for the check.. . Food- 1IB of shrimp, clams, 6 pieces of sausage, 4 pieces of corn, mix sauce and mild spicy. Everything is fresh, juicy and none of that soggy shrimps I had in those Vietnamese crabs places.
shrimp and crab legs in their spicy Hot and Juicy sauce make me go back over and over. And yes, I stink for days, but who cares?!? lol
2 lbs of crawfish with the mix of all the sauces!!! Amazing!
ok so sometimes the wait is crazy long, it's worth the wait. The only restaurant that we will wait it out..the food is great..it's just awesome every time
This place is amazing! really good prices for the amount and type of food you get, a really fun place to eat with family and friends. Will definitely be going back!  not to mention the food is DELICIOUS!
Two years in a row, and the food was equally fantastic both times!  I recommend the crawfish or shrimp in their special mixed sauce.  Also, be careful, don't go any higher than the medium spice level or you will sweat to death.  This place is so good that it falls into one of my top three reasons to visit Vegas!
You have to have there hot and juicy signature sauce on everything from crabs to craws from shrimp or lobs gotta have it, perfection every time! Don't use the gloves use your bare hands, savor your garlic smelly hands for days to come washing wont get it undone, so smell and whiff it in the garlic that unites the hot & juicy brethren
All I can say is that this place is sooooo bomb! My bf and I always eat here. We usually get theshrimp or crawfish with the Hot & juicy sauce, which is so garlicky. lol Then we overload it with lemon. OMG pretty bomb. It does get a little messy so I usually don't recommend getting all dolled up to eat here. Can't really say anything bad about this place. Well just the fact that it gets crowded but it's understandable 'cause it's hella good here! Also, it's kinna hard to find parking sometimes..  In my opinion, this place is better than Boiling Crab.
This place is off the hook! My other favorite seafood place to get some good cajun food!
Don't go here if you dislike: Sucking the delicious mustard out of tiny shellfish's head then devouring their savory little bodies, getting messy with your food, enjoy chatting with the people around you as they suck off their little friend's heads, fast service, friendly wait staff, or having fun with your food.. . Seriously though, this place is the place to go for your crawfish fix in LV outside of Louisiana. I eat a ton of crawfish (okay, maybe half a ton) so believe me when I said I didn't think there would be a place outside of the Bayou that does crawfish this good. The wait staff were fast and tentative and will leave you in peace if they see you are happily making a mess of yourself in enjoying your food. The only thing I would have to say is negative is not to get the sausage as it's not as good as the other items on their menu. Definitely give this place a try if you slither out of the Bayou like I do once in a while.
Chicago NEEDS a Hot N Juicy!. . I'm a seafood lover and this is my cloud 9! . . Fresh seafood seasoned in their garlic and butter sauce, yummmmmmm! . . I can eat Hot N Juicy everyday, but would probably have to limit it to once a week on those days where I make the least amount of human contact as the garlic stench in my breath can make it difficult for me to communicate.. . We had 2lbs crawfish, 2lbs shrimp, and king crab. Everything was delicious! I highly recommend getting a side of rice or extra potatoes and corn.. . The other stuff like the fried catfish or calamari were meh so I would stick to the non-fried items. Also the sausage isn't worth it.. . Great service, plenty of napkins and water, so why not go for it and get the very spicy?
Absolutely delicious! If you love seafood and sucking meat out of shells this is the right place! The crawfish is sooooooooo good, their sauces are so tasty and you can decide on the spice level you'd like.  They sell the seafood per pound, in a bag, with the sauce of your choice.  They offer crab, shrimp, lobster, mussels, and crawfish.  I really crave this once a while::: My 2 pounds of crawfish in the lemon pepper or the house sauce, spicy and 2 or 3 Blue Moon beers....Bam! it doesn't get better than this!. Be prepare to stink like spices after eating here for the rest of the day! lol
This was my first time here. The waitress was amazing and warned me abiut the way the shrimp is prepared ahead if time. Im glad she did. Im not huge on seafood looking alive on my plate.  But once I got use to it I actually enjoyed it. I dined with co workers which made my first experience even better.  Juicy is a understatment. Should call this place wet n wild. Food and sauces were perfectly matched. Definitely coming back with a bigger bibb
I really enjoyed Hot N Juicy from the time I walked in to til the time I left. My server was Cute N Friendly! She knew who she was dealing with because she recommended the Garlic Butter snow crab legs! . Whoooooooo! . The sauce was soooo good and spicy! So hot and tasty! I think I opened up other senses while on that food high! LOL!!!. If you're a seafoodie, This is a MUST TRY!. Highly recommended, prices are very reasonable. Email me and I will meet you there!
Came in town & found this place in Chinatown. Love the seafood there! Messy but worth it! & decent price also.. . Highly recommended!
OMG hot &&&& juicy!!. we had the hot and juicy medium crab, galic medium crab, cajun medium shrimp, crawfish and cajun fries everything was super delicious.. and HOT!!!!. . cajun fries are spicy... i love spicy but my friend who does not like spicey could not eat hers. so we ate them for her :) . . cant wait to go back!
Best seafood place I've ever been to!  Go in with a plan though cause if you let your eyes order your chec can get pretty high (when ordering for a family).  My 6 yr son orders the catfish platter and he loves it.  I order the shrimp and crab legs with the seasoning that is a combo of all of the flavors (forget what its called).  If you take the sauce the shrimp is in and poor it over rice its sooooo good!
Delicious delicious delicious! Shrimp is always plump and service is always friendly and attentive.
So finger lickin' good. . . The epitome of my dining experience here was not only watching myself and my friends devour the whole menu but the finale to the great dinner began at the restroom's line to wash my hands.. . . Two minutes into my wait in line, the young gentlewoman in front of me helped triple confirmed how delicious this place was when I struggled to keep myself from awkwardly admiring her as she licked her fingers clean. Classy woman was ~5 feet away from the restroom and probably only had to wait another minute for her turn at the sink. . . Well, ain't no body got time to wash your 'Hot N Juicy' fingers at the sink when you're here!. . Stay classy and put your cool bib on before you get your sanitized hands on what we ordered:. . -As many lbs of shrimps you can handle. -Dozens of fresh oysters. -Sausages. -Sweet potato fries. -Fried cat fish. -Calamari. -Fried chicken wings!. -Beers for the whole party. . We also ordered the crawfish but I'm not a big fan of working so much for a little piece of meat. I did have a couple and it wasn't very impressive so it'd be my last recommendation to order. Spicy here is truly spicy - you'll get the heads up before ordering as well!. . Also, be mindful not to ask for the 'whole-shebang' here or you'll get some Hot N Juicy stares from the waiters/waitresses. Just kidding, you'll just get kindly reminded that you're not at Boiling Crab and it's crowned the "Hot and Juicy Special" sauce here - could've been more saucily creative than that methinks but the taste is very up to par.
I have been in the service industries for twenty five years, I've worked at the best bars in las vegas and I know the difference between good service and someone making me feel like I'm part of there family.not only do I love the food there ,but on my last stop the waitress emeli made me feel like I was part of there family.it was refreshing to get that kind of service it really made me and my girlfriends night.great food and always great service.thank you hot and juicy....
I am a huge fan of Cajun/creole shrimp! When I was living in california I was a frequent visitor to boiling crab. Once we moved here to Vegas I had tried out boiling crab here and it was disgusting! So here I was in search of a new place to fulfill cravings...and I can honestly tell you that hot n juicy is BETTER than boiling crab! Seriously it's delicious. I went back to San Jose's boiling crab a few days after I had hot n juicy and it does not compare! Their sauce has an extra kick to it and they use less butter for sure. I am a definite fan of this place now.
One of my favorite places in Vegas! Great quality seafood and delicious sauces and flavors! I'd highly recommend the lemon pepper sauce with the shrimp and getting crab legs with their famous hot and juicy sauce! Though I'd like to think I like spicy foods it turns out the mild on both of these is spicy enough for me ! Lots of kick in the best sense! Me and my boyfriend usually get a pound or pound and a half of shrimp and a pound of crab legs but when we are really going big we do two pounds of crab legs! A little pricey but so worth it and such a fun date place I love picking everything apart for the meat and getting messy and licking sauce of my fingers it's a great time
I got 2 pounds of crayfish and 1/2 pound of shrimp.  Honestly, it's all about the sauce.  you can dip a dirty old sock (i got the hot n juicy special which is like a combo of all the sauces) andit would taste good.  the crayfish was pretty hard to eat - takes a lot of time to deshell and the meat isn't that tasty to make it worth the effort.  the shrimp is a much better - less work, less shelling, and they give you pretty descent size shrimp for $10.99 a pound.  my only complaint is that they don't really sell any carbs to go with that delicious sauce - like some white rice, or bread or pasta.  i would go find that old sock to dip it in, so i can eat more of the sauce.  it is very messy, so don't go in your sunday best.  and you will probably need a change of clothes, bath and manicure after eating here, but it's pretty well worth the trip.  if i lived in vegas, i would do the take out - because it's kinda embarrassing licking your fingers in public, and walking out with all these little splatters all over your shirt.
The crawfish here is super tasty, a must have for whenever I visit vegas!
This is THE BEST & Freshest seafood in Chinatown it's just amazing my husband and I have to stop in every time we are in town! Please go to this one and not the 3863 one this is the true original and customer service is 10X better! SHOUT OUT TO MEGAN!!!! She was our server and was on top of everything! I will return to this location and this location only because of the impeccable customer service ;) THANKS AGAIN MEGAN! Keep up the great work!
The food is so spicy, it's a nice burn. Buffalo wild wings blazin wings rips my stomach apart and other parts. Hot and Juicy is hot enough to satisfy. Eating the hot rice was a marathon. . . Usually when we eat here I have trouble keeping the billunder $80. However!..... this last time I ordered 1lb shrimp and my sweet heart ordered black mussels with 2 pieces of corn and a cup of rice. The total was like $27 bucks.
This location is much nicer and newer than the one down the street from it.  I've never had to wait very long to be seated at this one.. . As far as the food goes, if you love messy finger food that comes equipped with a bib, you'll love Hot and Juicy. Their spice is not for the faint of heart! Even their mild spice has a good amount of kick. So far I've tried their shrimp, crawfish, corn fritters, and fries. You have to peel the shrimp and crawfish yourself.  It's a bit of a hassle, but it's part of the experience. . . Don't waste your time or money on the crawfish.  Big creature, small amount of meat.  1 lb of shrimp in Hot N Juicy seasoning is the way to go.  . Keep in mind that when you order by the pound, that includes the weight of the entire shrimp body, antennas, legs, and the juice. Their seasoned fries are burn-your-face-off spicy, and with all the spice in the shrimp, I found it overwhelming. Their corn fritters are crispy, creamy, sweet balls of corny goodness.  They pair perfectly with the spicy shrimp.. . For those who have children or unenthusiastic seafood eaters in your group, they also offer things like chicken strips and popcorn shrimp on their menu.. . Oh and unless you want your fingers to burn for hours after the meal and garlic scented fingertips for the next week, WEAR THE GLOVES!
love love love this place!!!
We were a party of 6 and we put away at least 4 lbs of snow crab, 4 lbs of shrimp, 8 lbs of crawfish, 2 orders of fried catfish, plus corn for everyone. The food was excellent. After eating on the strip, we wanted something different. This was well worth it. We should have gone there earlier in the trip. Martha our waitress was extremely helpful and patient. This is a must stop for lunch when in Vegas.
Are you willing to get down and dirty for some delicious seafood!? Then this is the place to be! I've been here about 4 times in the last month. First, I was invited then I invited other friends and family to try, and everyone is in love w hot n juicy restaurant! My server Javi was also very attentive, educated, and very personable! Great server! Love this place!
Great experience. Excellent food. I had two lbs of the spicy Louisiana style crawfish. They were most excellent.very casual and the waitstaff were good.
Best seafood restaurant in vegas hands down!!!! End of story. Lol great prices the seasoning is amazing, service is great, our cajun fries were forgotten so they brought us some as soon as we reminded them and they gave them for free!!
Good food friendly service. Be prepared to make a mess!
I finally got to see what all the commotion was about. And it's about the best damn shrimp in Las Vegas . We opted for the hot juicy medium flavor and it was amazing. Make sure you use the protective gear they give you, cuz it can be messy. Also gloves are helpful as well so your fingers don't smell like garlic for the next two days. All in all this is probably my new favorite spot on Spring Mountain or even maybe Las Vegas.
This place is addicting!  The crawfish is amazing as is just about every other piece of seafood you can imagine!  The crawfish is obviously the star of the show, but the clams, mussels, and even the shrimp are just as good!  Be warned that this place is about as messy as it gets when it comes to dining, and you will make a mess regardless of how careful you are or even if you use gloves.  Everything is good about this place except for the insane wait times that you can get if you come during peak dinner hours.  Regardless of the wait time, just wait... It'll be worth your while.
This review is long overdue. Hot N Juicy is a staple among myself and my girlfriends! It is the ultimate, messy, satisfying meal.. . We usually order:. . -Crab legs (spicy medium). -Shrimp (spicy medium). -Add sausage and corn. -Seasoned fries. -Bud Light. . I generally don't drink beer (the occasional Amstel Light when boating) but for whatever reason when eating at Hot N Juicy I just have to have a Bud Light to wash down all the flavorful, salty goodness.. . Three tips: . 1. YES wear the plastic gloves, if they don't give them to you, ask for them. Otherwise you will wreck your manicure with all the juice and sauce. . 2. Bring a hair clip (if you have long hair) . 3. Wear clothes that you don't mind absorbing garlic and HNJ sauce aromas. You will smell like a HNJ shellfish when you leave this restaurant.. . Mmm just writing about this makes me crave HNJ now!
Messy, but oh so worth it! Had king crab legs, snow crab legs, shrimp, mozz sticks, rice and Cajun fries.  Everything was amazing!
THE BEST casual restaurant in Vegas! Outstanding food, excellent service, I have nothing bad to say about the joint. I am a local & this is my new favourite place to chow down in the 702!. . Warning togirlie men and the faint of heart... The food here IS spicy, ask for a sample before you order a couple pounds of seafood and wimp out because you can't handle the heat.. . I LOVE THIS PLACE!
This is one of the most fun dining experience I've every had!. We arrived right before the place opened, and it was literally PACKED about 15 minutes after it opened for business.  . The is the place where table manner and dress code is optional. By the time you are done, it will be messy with sauce all over your face your hand and piles of seafood on the table. So don't dress to impress, just bring something to cover yourself. :D. Their ordering process is simple: Just order the choice of seafood, seasoning, level of spicy and add-ons. The Hot N Juicy special seasoning is absolutely fabulous. It's like a combination of  Cajun, black pepper and lots of garlic, so you got lots of flavor in one bag. The spice level is more like those you will find in a Thai restaurants, so when you pick spicy, it is really spicy. Make sure you order POTATOES as add-ons, it well pick up all the sauces and juices in the bag and you will be in potato heaven. . We ordered 2lbs crawfish, 0.5lbs shrimp, extra corn and potato in Hot N Juicy special seasoning and spicy. With two drinks it only cost us about 26 dollars. So it not only the best taste you will find in Vegas it will also be the best value in Vegas.
Best place to eat in Vegas! We come here every time were in Vegas. Reasonably priced and worth the money!
Unbelievably messy,hot,flavorful......AMAZING!!!!! 11 outa 10 plus it's located in Sin City need I say more...... I didn't think so.
This is one of my go-to best dining experiences. What I mean by that is that this place is so awesome, when I am having a bad dining experience, my mind sends me visions of this place to soften the blow and make me feel better. This place is one of my food nirvanas.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! It is so yummy! . . Just a heads up, sometimes the wait is long but there's another location down street. . . Another heads up, don't dress up because when you leave here... Well, your gonna smell like this place HaHaHa . . Don't say I didn't warn you :)
