I seriously count down the minutes until the next time I can visit my beloved Del Frisco's!
I am a prime beef steakhouse lover! I consider myself an expert in the craft. I have had them all. Flemings, Mortons, Donovans, Ruth Chris ehhh. None compare to Del Friscos! The portions are huge and tasty! The quality of the beef and the atmosphere are second to none! Whenever I stay at the Hard Rock, I make it a point to dine here?By far the best service!
Everything at this place was excellent.. shrimp, crab cakes, bone in ribeye, and the service was great too. Would highly recommend it.
Bottom line: my favorite steakhouse. Rib-eye with truffle butter. You will never be the same again.
living in las vegas we have so many great places to eat so this place could be just another expensive steak house but that is not the case. the president of my company came to town and when the conversation of dinner came up i suggested we try this place and he agreed saying he had been before to one in California. we went early on a week night so there was no reservation needed and no wait when we walked in. at the hostesses booth we were greeted with a very nice girl that immediately started joking with us. i thought this is kind of interesting for a fancy place but i went with it. when we got seated the waitress showed up and started to run down the menu with us. she was a tall girl and dressed pretty racy with mini skirt and fishnets i also thought this was interesting for a fancy place, even better this girl was HILARIOUS!! i left out she was pregnant and kind of had an Elvira kind of thing going on. when i eat at a fancy place i am always wanting the food to be top notch and the food here is very good but the experience made this meal. i had a bone in fillet (duh! eat read meat here!! don't ask how the lamb is, this is a steak house!!) and it was melt in your mouth good, all the sides we ordered were up to par so the meal was great. i have only been here once so i don't know if the humor is their standard montra but for everyone who does go i hope it is.
Flew to Vegas during MLK weekend for a romantic getaway with the BF. He found this place through Yelp and with its exceptional reviews, he made reservations for two to wine and dine the evening we arrived.. Needless to say, the food and service was beyond our expectations.. . Our waiter was extremely attentive and detailed - very knowledgable with the menu items. The ambience was romantic and relaxed - perfect place for a nice fine dining exerience out of town. But the highlight of the night were the steaks....so amazingly well-cooked and flavoursome, some of the best we've ever eaten! My prime rib and his filet mignon were cooked exactly the way we specified - medium rare. In fact, they would have you cut down the middle of your steak to ensure it was cooked just the way you liked. The meat was so tender and moist; I swore it melted in your mouth. Especially my prime rib, every bite bursted with such a juicy flavor that I didn't want to stop chewing! ahhh...so delicious, so satisfying. . . The tuna tartare made me want to lick the plate. We also had 2 loaves of their fresh baked bread that they direct you to pull apart instead of slicing with a knife. It was so warm, so fluffly, soooo goood. With a glass of the Double Eagle Cabernet each, we definitely had the perfect dinner.
Every time I visit Las Vegas, i have to stop by here.. . I'd have to say Del Frisco's is the best steak in Vegas, and on my  top5!. . I'm the type that love my food without the fanfare.  If you make a good steak you don't need the steak-sauce.  You don't need blue-cheese crumble or horseradish.... . At Del Frisco's, if you order a rib-eye, that's what you're getting, a damn good steak!  Lightly hinted with seasoning (tastes like a garlic salt rub).. . Highly reccomend:. . -Bone-in Ribeye. -Lobster mac. -Cream Corn. . I must admit that I haven't been back in a couple of years, not because of Del Frisco's but b/c I haven't been back to Vegas in a while.  Time to plan a trip here!
When I go out for steak, I go big (i.e. $$$$).  This place had excellent service, food, and ambiance.  The bone in filet mignon was transcendent.
After a wonderful girls night out with my mom and sister we decided to pop in to Del's for some apps and drinks. We sat at the bar and were greeted by the lovely Joann and Trish. They made our meal of VIP martinis (amazing by the way....fresh pineapple infused vodka chilled straight up with an orange twist), ribeye, petite filet oscar style, asparagus, skillet potatoes and potatoes au gratin that much more enjoyable (who knew that was possible). . . We ended up tucking our knees up and practically rolling out the door because we were so full but very happy. Will always come back to Del's for the food, drinks and fun. Now off to the gym to work off some of that tasty cow :)
Some of the best service I have ever had at a restaurant! The food was great and the atmosphere was perfect.
Hands down the best steak I've ever had!  And their lobster mac n cheese was to die for.  Doesn't quite match the ambiance of a Maestros or Taylor's, but the food and service more than makes up for any "style" shortcomings it may have.  I love steak.  If YOU love steak and you're in Vegas, Del Frisco's will satiate those meat cravings you'll inevitably get after a 3 hour session at the craps table.  Yo elleven and get your steak on!!!
Definitely recommend this restaurant. I had the best restaurant experience of my life here. The food was great, the drinks menu was great, the service was great. The prices were also lower than Ruth's Chris or steakhouse of comparable quality.. . We had reservations and were seated within a couple minutes of our arrival. Our waitress showed us the "James Bond" table at our request - a tip we got from Yelp.. . We were served delicious bread, were told the specials, had all our questions answered and were impressed by the menu. The rib eye was flavorful and very tender, the beef medallions were also tasty and my lamb chops were perfectly cooked and had excellent flavor.. . Our sides were delicious: asparagus, mushrooms, potatoes au gratin and cheddar mashed potatoes. . . Cocktails were tasty, and the wine selection was like heaven.. . Dessert was fantastic. Definitely try the Lemon cake and the Chocolate cake.. . Ended the night with coffee and a star-spotting of Dan Aykroyd.
the waiter told us you will not have crabcake like this ever...he was right...the crabcake was basically all crabmeat (hence $18 for just one), but dayam was it money!!!. . I got the american wagyu/kobe tamahawk chop ($90) and my friend got the double eagle prime strip ($60)...don't get me wrong, my steak was very good but my friends tasted better we both thought...proof that just cuz something costs more doesn't mean its necessarily better.. . for the side...GET the CREAMED SPINACH!  best creamed spinach you will eat.. . this was a great spot.  if you have a big party, call in advance and reserve one of the rooms.  it was a great dining experience
I have been to Morton's, Ruth's Chris & all the likes this place blows the others out of the water. Service is unbelievable food as good as a steak can get. I highly recommend the crab cakes they are out of this world expensive but worth every penny. Next time I am in Vegas this will be at the top of my list..
forget ruth's chris, forget hy's, forget morton's.  del frisco's blows all of them out of the water!  and i'm not even an avid steak eater.  . . the atmosphere can be a bit intimidating if you're from hawaii but ask for the gm (jackie) and she'll make you feel like you're right at home.  after that, it's all clear sailing from there.  the service is top notch and very friendly.  everything is super clean, and if you're a girl, there's everything you could ever need in the bathroom (just ask the bathroom attendant).  . . now that i got all that semi-important stuff out the way, let's get to the fooooooood!!! omnomnomnomnom!!!  we had an order of the onion rings and i swear they were injected with steroids because they were HUGE.  but that's how i like it...my onions, that is.  i ordered the ahi (i told you, i'm not an avid steak eater) and it was faaaaaat.  perfectly seared though, and full of sweet wasabi flavor.  i had a piece of my friend's steak and even though steak is not my thing, it was deeeeelicious.  the baked potato was cooked to perfection and came with everything a baked potato could ever ask for---green onion, sour cream, real bacon bits, cheese, love.  . . move aside apps and entrees, dessert gets its own paragraph!!!  can i just say...ladies, you better bring an extra pair of panties.   strawberry romanoff, panty dropper!  lemon cake, panty dropper!  chocolate thing with ice cream and raspberries, panty dropper!  if you looked up the definition of decadent, there would be a picture of del frisco's desserts :). . on your way out, ask about the james bond table!
So far, this is my favorite steakhouse in Vegas.  I have been here multiple times and never have been let down.  The service here is impeccable, and if you fill out the card at the end they will send you a personalized thank you note.  Now on to the meat and wine list.  The wine list here is very nice and very well stocked.  Almost all the servers are very knowledgeable, and I'm pretty sure that there is at least one sommelier on staff.  I usually get the bone in Ribeye, which I really like, it's flavorful and so far has not been overly fatty.  I have also had their Wagyu beef tomahawk chop, which was also superb.  I like that they tell you what each done-ness means, as each steakhouse seems to do it slightly differently.  I will continue to frequent this place until I find a better steakhouse in Vegas that can compete on price.. . It should also be mentioned that you can get away with dinner under $60 per person if you want to be a bit thrifty.
The dinner was AMAZING . The steak was the best I have EVER had !
After looking at reviews for a few hours on Yelp, this is where we decided to have our post-wedding dinner with our family. . . The staff was all very nice, we had a wonderful waitress, and they put us in a back corner so that we had some privacy. . . For starters I had a classic salad with avocado ranch dressing, and it was delicious. The veggies were all very crisp, and the avocado put a nice spin on your average ranch dressing. The salad comes with two thick pieces of bacon crossed over it, which I gave to the man and he loved them, and some big homemade croutons that were wonderful, and I very rarely like any croutons in my salad at all. It's a texture thing. Aaanyways.. . The shrimp cocktail comes with BIG jumbo shrimp smothered in cocktail sauce, and it was also very fresh and tasty.. . For dinner I ordered the bone in prime rib and the man ordered the bone in filet mignon. The bone in filet mignon is an off menu item, but it is INCREDIBLE. If you want it medium rare you have to order it medium because it's so thick, if you order it medium rare you'll get a rare center. It was the best steak I ever had. My steak was also delicious, and I really loved the crust on it.  For sides we had asparagus, green beans, and mushrooms. Everything was cooked perfectly, and with asparagus and green beans it really makes a difference.. . For dessert we had lemon cake on the house to celebrate our new marriage. I am not a cake person at all, and i'm REALLY not a lemon cake person, but it was absolutely delicious. The cake was really light and flavorful, not sour or tart at all. We were surprised at how much we loved it.. . Overall it was a great dinner and an amazing experience, we made the right choice having our wedding dinner there. Everyone had a great time, and an excellent meal, and it was the perfect ending to our special day. Thank you Del Frisco's for making such a memorable meal for us. :)
Overall: 5. Food: 4.5. Service: 5. . Service is excellent.  Waiters are attentive without being oppressive.  Also knowledgeable about the menu (don't be afraid to ask for recommendations).. . Interior seems a bit dated but sort of adds to the atmosphere of the place.. . Complimentary Bread: 5. - warm and delicious. - crusty outside with a soft and moist inside.. . 16oz Prime Ribeye: 4.5. - flavorful and juicy. - slightly overcooked (order medium, arrived closer to medium well) but still juicy. - seasoned well with nice seared outside. . Shared the following sides among the table:. Asparagus: 4. - well seasoned and not overcooked. . Sauteed Fresh Mushrooms: 4. - sauteed whole mushrooms. - seasoned well and not overly buttery. . Chateau Potatoes: 4. - mashed potatoes. - nice compliment to the steak. . Overall great steak place.  Steaks can shared (they will even split it for you).  I ordered the 16oz ribeye and it was a little to much steak for me (but I'm not the biggest meat eater).  Be careful not to eat too much of the delicious bread or you won't have room for the steak.  Come ready to be filled with excellent eats.
Well at least on my visit service was Excellent despite other not so well reviews. Steak was perfect and was comp 2 signature drinks known as VIP and a their signature 6 layer lemon butter cream cake. Awesome service. Also our server joey was excellent.  Thank you!
Del Frisco's is a great steak house. I love eating here every time I go to Vegas. The Vegas is strip is filled with excellent places to eat. Many of the top chefs and restaurants reside on the strip. However Del Frisco's is just as good. It is worth the drive off the strip to eat here.. . Service: We always have reservations when we eat here. Reservations do not seem too difficult to get. We normally come with about 8-12 people and we are seated immediately. The staff is always very helpful when going through the menu. They are extremely attentive. They go the extra mile to make sure every minor detail is covered. One time our waiter overheard us planning our night and he offered to try to get us on the list to XS! They consistently strive to provide customer satisfaction.. . Food: The food is great! I have had both the Porterhouse Steak and the Bone In Ribeye. Both were excellent and cooked to perfection. My preference is to eat the Ribeye. It is perfectly marbled and juicy. Sides are served family style and are all very good. I especially like the lobster mac and cheese. . . Del Friso's has great food and awesome service. I recommend this place if you are in Vegas. Its a great place to go out with friends, while getting away from the crazy busy Las Vegas Strip. They offer great food without the hassles that come with eating at some of the places on the strip.
I came here twice during the CES shows with my company and each time I was WOWed by the quality of the food.  I would go as far to say that this is probably the best steakhouse I have ever been to.. . The first time I went with a large group for a customer dinner and so we had a chance to try a bunch of the appetizers.  The most memorable one was the crab cakes and that was better than any of the ones I've had at other seafood restaurants.. . Both times I ordered the New York strip, and they cooked it just right (I like medium-rare) and I love the fact that they cook it in butter, but that it arrives on the plate in such a way that I don't feel bad eating something I know I will regret from a health standpoint.  . . The service at Del Friscos is top notch; exactly what you would expect from a higher end establishment.  I had to wait about 1 hour even though I had a reservation so I was a bit disappointed but in rare instances like this one, the food made me forget about that.
I don't issue many five star reviews; I reserve them for places that really over deliver...and this place qualifies.. . I got the long bone wagyu beef rib eye.   It was absolutely insane!  . . Great service. . Great drinks. . Nice atmosphere. . Lots of good lookin' people having good lookin' food.. . Don't miss out on the place...a five minute cab ride off the strip.  Check It.
My husband and I celebrated our wedding anniversary at Del Friscos in Las Vegas and we enjoyed our dining experience. Nigel, our server, was very informative and extremely helpful! We were very pleased with Nigel's drink and food suggestions. In addition, the food and cocktails that we ordered were absolutely wonderful! For starters we both chose the VIP (Vodka infused with pineapple) cocktail. For our first course we ordered their chopped salad that had blue cheese, avocado, bacon with a basil vinaigrette. For the entree we ordered the Wagyu Tomahawk chop, Lobster Mac and Cheese and creamed spinach. Our dessert consisted of a sorbet trio which consisted of a lemon, mango, and blackberry sorbet. The dessert was a nice and light palette cleanser to a rich and delicious meal.. . We will be returning for sure!
I visited Vegas for a tradeshow and was taken to dinner at Del Frisco's. I had never heard of it except the reviews from my peers that it was "the best steak ever.". . We had a large party (8) and so we had reservations but had to wait for a table. The place is busy and standing room only in the bar. I had a lemon drop and it was above par.. . We finally were seated in the corner and had a semi-private table. The one interesting thing that stood out from 'high-end' steakhouses to Del Frisco's is that we had 2 waiters who constantly stood by us.. . They dished us our sides and were always there to assist with additional beverages or any issues we had. I've been to other 'high-end' steakhouses where the waiter is hands-on before your meal but then not present until after. I appreciated the extra touch.. . The steak's were quite large and I had the sirloin. I had the 8-oz and was barely able to finish it as it was a thick cut as well as the large portions of the sides.. . After we arrived back to our offices, we received a personal thank you card from Del Frisco's hand-written thanking us for visiting and to come back when in town.. . Loved the service, quality of food and the personal touches. I didn't end up feeling like another 'customer' who passed through. Definitely going to spend $100/pp for a meal but a nice place to enjoy a quality steak and get away from the "typical" diners on the strip.
Found this awesome steakhouse thanks to the handy Yelp app!  I'm so glad, since there were so many other choices on the strip and especially after having to cancel our other steakhouse reservation.  We were staying at the Venetian and the place was only 1 mile off the strip, which was not bad of a walk since the weather was so great.  We waited at the bar for the rest of our group to arrive and ordered some drinks.  The pineapple infused vodka was tasty, which they ferment themselves in small glass jars.  . . The bread & butter to start was really good.  But I had to stop myself, since I wanted to save room for the main event.  The Steak Tartare was also very good, probably better then most places I've had it.  The melty steak, lemon juice, and the crisp crostini all went together so well.  Next came out the steaks: the reason we came here.  I ordered the Double Eagle Bone In Strip with a side of Truffle Butter.  Once I heard "Truffle Butter", I didn't even hear the other few sauce choices.  I cut into my steak, upon the server's request, and it was cooked perfectly at a medium rare. Juicy, beefy, and truffle buttery steak... it was flavor country.  The Lobster Mac & Cheese side was creamy delicious and the cheesey bacon Potatoes Au Gratin were also very good.  I was tired anymore and was just happy.  One of my friends ordered roasted chicken, which he said was "phenomenal".  We also had a vegetarian in the group, so I was happy he was able to custom order a pasta.  They also offered an option to order larger portions of 3 sides.. . From the bartender to both of our servers, the service was great.  We all had a fantastic meal and was the perfect last dinner of our trip.  It makes me sad in the pants that there isn't a Del Frisco's in Chicago.. . Also, be sure to ask to check out the Bond Table before you leave.
Ok so I'm a huge fan of Yelp, but I've never written a review... Why? I don't know, maybe I'd rather read reviews than write them, or maybe it's just pure laziness... . . Anyway, I'm finally ready to pop my yelp cherry and write my first review! Here it goes:. . My hubby and I are in town for the weekend and one thing that I love about Vegas other than partying, is the FOOD! There are so many great eats out here it's ridiculous. Anyway, he wanted to take me out to a nice steak dinner for mothers day and the reviews here were awesome so we gave it a shot. . We got the tomahawk long bone 32oz ribeye and split it. It just Melts in your mouth! We also split the Lobster Mac n cheese and it was another hit! Not too heavy but nice and creamy... Love love love it! . . Our server Liz was beyond awesome and the manager(totally forgot her name) stopped by our table to chat w/us and gave us a huge slice of their incredible lemon cake complimentary for mamas day. I've never had service that good!. . Definitely coming back on our next visit!
Service and food is as good as it gets in a steakhouse. Pricing for Wagyu steak is fair, $90 for a 32 oz piece that two could share. Crabcake with Cajun sauce was delicious, but only one crabcake in the appetizer portion. The bread was nothing to write home about. The steak was the star of the evening, perfectly seasoned and prepared. We were licking the bone! They had prisoner by the glass, one of our favorite wines. Perhaps next time I would order the rib eye bone-in steak because the Wagyu, though melt-in-the-mouth tender, had too much fat for my liking.
Simply the best steak in Vegas. . . Staff is super cool, not stuffy, and there is usually a thank you card in mailbox by the time I get home from Vegas.
Amazing.  As long as you can get someone else to pay, I think this place is better than most of the other steakhouse chains I've been to (although Capital Grille still holds the gold medal in my book).  . . After overeating for the majority of my trip, I decided on the double filet mignon with lobster and scallops.  It was the perfect size and wonderfully cooked.  Sides were fantastic too -- lobster mac & cheese and potatoes au gratin were standouts.  Crab cake was also heavenly.  The only thing that slightly disappointed was the shrimp appetizer with three sauces... seemed a little too bland for my taste. . . The service was amazing.  We were with a group of eight and we ordered sides for the table.  In most steakhouses they plop down the sides, but in Del Frisco they actually brought in three servers at once who SPOONED out the sides to everybody.  Made things a lot less awkward at the table!. . Finally, we capped off the night with a visit to the James Bond table.  Definitely one of the best meals I've had to date.
New fav steakhouse. Not based on steaks alone. Steak is equal maybe slightly better than mastro city hall phx n costa mesa. More flavor for sure but mastro gets that crust better. Del has bomb VIP drink - pineapple soaked w/vodka. Best crab cakes anywhere, calamari fried perfect but sauce tad sweet. Blue chs Wedge salad refreshing. Sesame seed bread awesome, 1st time eating that newhere. Great service, ambiance not too dark n stuffy like other places, cool james bond table.
Ok yes all the reviews are correct.. I can vouch so no need to continue on... But yes yes yes... best steak house evaaaaah... Great cocktails, piano bar and great steak and lobster... nice wine list, but pretty spendy especially being off strip, but was very well worth it!
Wow. Just WOW.. . I live in San Diego, so there's only a couple steakhouses that I've been to. But quote me on this. And I'm gonna say this loud and proud:. . "Ruth's Chris and Donovan's ain't got NOTHING on Del Frisco's.". . So check it: I came here for dinner when I was in town on business. Everything was a plus. The place was nice. The hostess' were beautiful. The servers were professional. And the food was DElicious.. . I had the filet mignon with a salad, and the table split a crab cake appetizer and lobster mac and cheese. YES, LOBSTER MAC AND CHEESE. Everything was cooked to absolute perfection.. . Now I should remind you, steakhouses don't go cheap. Especially since  you're in Vegas. So go here on a SUPER special occasion, like if you're trying to impress a girl. Or go here like I did, on a business trip dinner where the company pays for it. =). . So in conclusion, Del Frisco's is the best steakhouse I've ever been to in my years of life. You have to go here at some point in your life. But be prepared to drop some serious cash!
This place does not mess around. In addition to being an absolutely top notch steak house with amazingly good service, they always have items on and off the menu that will make you happy even if you aren't in the mood for steak. On the night I was there, they had stone crab claws and some other items you will never find on a competitor's menu.  . . 100% legit. I think this is my favorite steakhouse of them all. No joke.
One of the best Steak Houses with one of the best steaks that I've had in a long time!  The service was exceptional as well and the wine list goes on and on!  . Our steaks were made to perfection and my mouth waters just writing this review!  Wow!  It was our 2nd wedding anniversary and we had mentioned to them that it was.  So without warning they brought us a lemon 3 layer cake that was to die for!  So sweet! . Exceptional!  Wait, I think I already mentioned that, but it deserved saying it twice!. It's a must go to!  Put this restaurant on your bucket list for sure!
I love this place!!!. . This is one of the best steak house off the strip. Very seldom we will dine off the strip, but this steakhouse was an exception. I ordered a RIb Eye Steak and shared other sides with friends. The sides were all ordered separately and shared with the table. The bread is very good!!! We also tried the stone crab claws which was okay. Nothing so special about those. . . Make sure to order the pineapple vodka. It is very DELICIOUS.. . . One advice...  We had a party of 10 and we ordered less sides than recommended and it worked out perfect-no left overs. We were stuffed!!! The sides are pretty big, I would say almost equivalent to Mastro's.. . . In addition to providing great food and service, make sure to ask to check out the James Bond wine case inside the piano. . . ...It will make you say... W O W!
For my friend's birthday, she wanted steak, so after looking around at several different places in Vegas, we decided to try Del Frisco's because they have a summer special of dinner for two for $99.00 and boy oh boy, it was an excellent meal!. . The "Power Couple" is a specially priced three-course dinner for two.  Valid until 9/5/2011.  From the Del Frisco website, it comes with:. . -  STARTER (Choice of one per guest) DEL'S SALAD or CAESAR SALAD. . - SIDE (Choice of one per guest) CHATEAU POTATOES or SPINACH SUPREME or BAKED POTATO or SAUTEED MUSHROOMS or VEGETABLE OF THE DAY. . - ENTREES (For each guest) 8 OZ. FILET MIGNON and SIGNATURE CRAB CAKE. . - DESSERT (Choice of one per guest) CHEESECAKE or BREAD PUDDING or CHOCOLATE MOUSSE. . The food and service was superb.  Absolutely excellent!!!  I had the Del's Salad, Baked Potato (and some of her sauteed mushrooms), filet (medium rare), crab cake, and bread pudding.. . The restaurant makes double, triple and quadruple sure that your steak is cooked perfectly to your liking!!!. . The night we went, there was a live performer, a guy playing piano and singing.  Most of the selections were Earth, Wind, and Fire, Barry White, etc.. . Overall, an excellent dining experience!  Just too much food for me.  We couldn't finish the baked potato, sauteed mushrooms, or the desserts.  It's too bad we weren't able to eat them later.. . The restaurant decor is very classy.  There's hardly any light in the restaurant, so it was hard to take pictures without a flash (Please see my pictures).. . If you're looking for an excellent steak, try Del Frisco's!!!. . Xie Xie!!!
The best steak dinner I have ever eaten.  From the service and dirty martinis to my steak and sides I only wish I had more clients to take here for dinner.
Run, don't walk to Del Frisco's before Labor Day to hit their $99 dinner for 2 special! It includes choice of salads, choice of sides, 8 ounce filets, huge crab cake, and choice of desserts! YUM. . . I've been to nearly every steak place in town but had always passed this place up. It's a chain and we have so many awesome steak places here.. why even try it? I found out about the $99 special and that they were associated with my favorite steak chain of all time, Sullivans, and I knew I had to try it. . . The signature martini is the same one from Sullivans.. a yummy pineapple infused vodka! I adore this martini and it's a delicious way to start your evening. . . Our dinners here were incredible! We are total and completely steak snobs and weren't expecting much, but these steaks were so damn good! SO MUCH better than the steaks I ate at SW Steakhouse just a few weeks ago.  If I had to be picky, the mushrooms I picked as my side were bland and boring, but this was a non-issue honestly. I was too focused on my yummy meat! The caesar salad and chocolate mousse were also excellent, as well. . . For tourists, perhaps you should stick to a more famous steak place on the strip.. but for locals skip the strip and head to this place! We liked it far better than Envy or Twin Creeks or our other locals spots. We will definitely be back to sample the $99 special again this summer!
Now this steak house is the bomb!!!! Husband and I ordered the 22oz Bone-in Prime Rib Eye. It was soooo good, one of the best steaks we had....can't stop thinking about it! =)  It was tasty and notchewy at all..cooked to perfection (medium), just how we like it! Didn't even need A-1. The Lobster Mac n Cheese was pretty good too, but a few of my friends didn't like it too much. The corn side dish was good but the mash potatoes were ok.  We'll definitely return for the steak =P Service was awesome.
One of my best dining experiences. Service was impeccable. Food was exemplary. Just a truly wonderful experience. . Started with my first glass of finish scotch, did the power couple with onion rings and oysters on the half to start off. ask for the truffle butter. Ended with all 4 deserts. the mousse, cheesecake, bread pudding, and a banana bread w ice cream or something. Couldn't remember because it wasn't even on the menu yet.. . Not even joking, around a dozen or so servers, hosts, bussers, and food runners either served a dish, bussed our plates, folded our napkins when we left the table, or brushed the crumbs off the table. Not to mention the executive chef presented us with the new dessert. . . Thanks to Nicole and Mark and the whole Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House Staff for an unbelievable evening
I wouldn't say this was the best steak that I've eaten in my life.  But as an overall experience I would say this was one of the better steakhouses I've been to.  . . I'm not usually one to blow big bucks at a steakhouse, not when we can usually prepare very good steaks at home, especially with the quality of beef you can get at mail order and high-end grocers nowadays.  Instead, I usually spend my high-end dining dollars on restaurants with multiple-course tasting menus that would be hard for me to execute at home.  Also, steakhouses usually charge extra for sides, have sky-high markups for wine, and usually don't take (or have really expensive) corkage.  However, my husband (who does most of the actual steak-cooking in the house anyway) does like to eat out for steak occasionally, and it is a nice change from all the other"frou-frou" restaurants that I like to frequent.. . I gotta say though, that this place is actually *gasp* a decent value for the money, especially for Vegas where you can easily spend $100 on a single steak.  My friend and I split one of their specials, a bone-in Wagyu Tomahawk ribeye, and it wound up costing us $45 apiece.  Our husbands, who got standalone ribeye steaks of their own (no bone) were definitely jealous as ours was just so much juicier and more tender.  I don't think I've ever been to any other steakhouse where you can get Wagyu for that much.  The steak was perfectly cooked (medium-rare of course!) and I have no complaints about it whatsoever.. . The appetizers we ordered, tuna tartare and crab cake, were tasty and well-executed, though not particularly exciting.  But then, this was an old-school type of place so I wasn't exactly expecting cutting-edge.  The sides were also pretty decent...I'm not a big fan of potatoes au gratin but my dining companions enjoyed it, the mushrooms were flavorful but did not overpower the steak.  We didn't order dessert since we were already stuffed from all the steak and even had leftovers.. . The drinks were good and reasonably priced as well.  We started off with their signature cocktail...a martini-like concoction with pineapple juice.  It was very refreshing and a good start to the meal.  They also had a very expansive wine list (they better since they don't let you bring outside wine) with many great selections of California cabs, my wine of choice for a good steak.  I was very pleased to note that they had a special section devoted to lesser-known producers that were also more affordable.  Unlike many other steakhouses that tend to push the customer towards higher priced wines (I'm looking at you Alexander's and Harbour Sixty), our server was very happy to talk to us about some of the smaller wineries on the list.  We finally settled on a 2007 Terra Valentine cab from Spring Mountain (one of the less famous Napa valley appellations) which went perfectly with all our steaks.  . . The service overall was extremely good...they asked us at the beginning if we had a show to catch so they could pace the dinner accordingly, they called us a taxi to take us back at the perfect time, and even showed us their "James Bond table".  This was definitely one of the best service that I've seen for a steakhouse.. . One of the best values for a steakhouse, and one of the best values overall in the city.  I would highly recommend this place for anyone craving a steak in Las Vegas.
DELICIOUS!!!  We celebrated my mom's 60th birthday here and could not have been more pleased.. . J and I had just had the Morton's filet and seafood for two deal and were so impressed that we couldn't believe that we were just impressed with Del Frisco's.  Everything was delicious.  We had the house salad (with two strips of thick bacon on top), the filet and crab cake combo and chocolate mousse and butterscotch cheesecake for dessert.  The filet was soooo good; mildly crusted with pepper and cooked to a perfect medium rare.  The crab cake had so much crab and almost no "filler".  The mousse and cheesecake were good, but by the time they came out, we were soooo full!. . THey brought out a piece of lemon cake for my mom's birthday and boy was that great!!!  Light and fluffy and just perfect!. . We will definitely be back that next time we're in town!
Thanks to Yelp, my husband and I were able to find a really wonderful restaurant to celebrate our 10 year anniversary in Las Vegas. We checked out all the other big name steakhouses and fancy restaurants on the Strip, but we finally agreed on coming here based on the excellent reviews and the $99 summer special! . . Yes, you heard that right, it's called the Power Couple menu, I believe, and you do have to ask for it since they only give you the regular dinner menu as soon as you're seated. It's a pre-fixe meal for two that includes a salad, 8 oz filet mignon, crab cake, a choice of side (I highly recommend the spinach), and dessert. Suffice to say, we were stuffed to the gills by the end of the meal. . . Price - excellent!  Hurry, the special ends on Labor Day. . . Taste - the steak was incredible; the crab cakes were moist and replete with jumbo lump crab, no fillers; the Del's salad was made more extraordinary because of the two full thick-cut strips of crunchy bacon.  . . Service - In spite of the initial snafu where our server was nowhere to be seen for the first 15 minutes, we were rescued by the friendly and efficient Alana. She profusely apologized for the confusion, took our orders immediately, and continued to check in on us no less than 5 times during the meal. We were served by about 6 different people throughout the night, from the manager folding the hubby's napkin when he got up to go to the bathroom to refilling my Coke without being asked. The manager was even there to ask us if our steaks were cooked just the way we wanted it, as it was being served to us. Furthermore, since we told them it was our anniversary, we were greeted by everyone "Happy Anniversary" at least 8 times, and our drinks were comped too. Thanks to Alana and the wonderful staff of Delfrisco's for a night to remember!
Yes, this place lives up to the hype and the high star rating.. . This place has great ambiance, knowledgeable and professional staff and delicious steaks!  The sesame bread here is served hot out of the oven and really good with the garlic butter spread.  . . I had the bone in rib eye (medium rare) and it was DELICIOUS!!!  It came on a greased 500 degree plate and there was a nice exterior crust of cracked pepper and salt.  You can taste the richness of the beef and was super tender.  For our side we shared an order of au gratin potatoes (it was a little too cheesy for my liking but still really good).  Oh I forgot to mention we started off with the crab cake appetizer.  LOTS of crab minimal filler.. . For dessert we had the strawberry cheese cake.  . . Over great experience here at Del Friscos.   Probably one of the best steaks I've had in Vegas thus far.
Excellent service. Delicious rib eye.
Hands down the best all around meal I have ever eaten out. Bone in ribeye was cooked to perfection and very flavorful. My wife had the filet which was also perfect. Both steaks could be cut with a fork!  Crab cake appetizer was awesome....all crab and no breading. Our party of 4 had several sides, all of which were great. Service was also exceptional. Can't wait to go back!!
Very accommodating and friendly staff to our 3 children.  We enjoyed our filet mignon, oysters, fried prawns, grilled salmon, & mac and cheese.
This restaurant is out of this world!  Everything is soooo rediculously GOOD!!!  . The filet mignot I had was perfectly cooked (medium rare) and super soft like butter!  The best steakhouse I've ever been to!  My boyfriend and I left the restaurant with amazement of how GREAT this place is!  It's expensive but worth every bit!  We will definitely dine here again when we come back to Vegas!
Del Frisco's ranks as one of the finest steakhouses I've ever experienced and warrants a five star rating. All the bases are covered here. Fabulous upscale ambiance, extremely knowledgeable wait staff, extensive wine list, exquisite steaks and tasty side dishes combine for a very special dining experience.. . We were a party of six which amplified the dining experience as this allowed for the sampling of numerous appetizers and side dishes in addition to our individual entrees. There wasn't a single item delivered to our table that wasn't perfectly prepared, presented and fully consumed. . . Granted this is a small chain restaurant with locations in about 10 metro areas throughout the country. I've dined at two other locations on the east coast with the same experience. Each location customizes their menu to some extent to allow for regional tastes and to showcase local offerings.
House drink is tasty, crab cakes delicious. The ambieance is nice, it feels nice and welcoming, without being pretentious like other steakhouses. the steak was tasty. The service was ok, the waitress would disappear for long stretches, granted she had another large party, but she made all great recommendations.  I will definitley come back and recommend this place.  . . last note, didn't appreciate peoples casualness, people going in shorts and hawaiian shirts, c'mon people, step it up.
This steakhouse provides a very nice ambiance that is welcoming and unpretentious, which is not always the case at other high-end steakhouses in Vegas. . . We sat at the bar while we waited for our table since we were early for our reservation. Both the house cocktail and the margarita were tasty.. . To start, we tried the crab cake (everyone we spoke to recommended it). It was delicious. They bake their cakes instead of frying them and that made the cake nice and light. The sauce on the plate is delicious. They are not very big and each order only comes with one cake, so that is kind of a bummer when you are sharing with someone else.. . I had their filet special which consisted of an 8oz filet mignon spilt and prepared in two different styles. The first had crab meat, asparagus, and hollandaise sauce on top. The second had a scallop wrapped in shrimp on top. Both were absolutely delicious. When they bring the steak out, they ask that you slice through the middle to make sure that it is prepared to your satisfaction. . . For our sides, we got both the sauteed mushrooms and the potatoes au gratin. The au gratin was great, the mushrooms were just okay.. . In terms of the service, our server was really nice and provided great recommendations, but there were a few stretches when we didn't see her. In her defense, however, she did have a large party, so I'm sure that they kept her occupied.. . This place as more casual than Yelp lets on. I would say that as long as you wear a nice blouse/shirt and nice shoes you will be fine. It's more business casual than anything else.. . I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to have an excellent meal and am looking forward to my next visit.
omg... best meal i can remember having... amazing.. . best service. best food. best ambiance. this place needs a Yelp loves us sticker!. . food:. 16 oz australian lobster-  truffle butter... $100 . ok, i know sooooooooo expensive but soooooo worth it. it was honestly the best lobster i ever had and ive had good lobster before. omg. it was just seriously a pure orgasm.. . wine:. bottle of moscato-  good stuff. . service:. kelsey was our waitress and she was so great! shes so sweet and just friendly. very good service.. . ambiance:. very romantic and old school. . notes:. * you get what u paid for. * ask for the rewards club. * they can call a cab for u (they do have parking too). * this is a high end restaurant. * dress code
Del Frisco's has been on my list of places to try out for awhile. (There's a happy hour there that I want to try out one of these days which ends at 6:30.)  It was a fairly large celebration with 10 of us which was perfect for a Del Frisco's night. We were seated  right away in the corner which was perfect for us. . . Since I am the "foodie" of the group, I was appointed the job to order the side dishes and the appetizers. We started of with 2 orders (6 per an order) of the East and West Coast Oysters. I think the West coast oysters were bigger than the East Coast....the quality was excellent as was the freshness. I didn't even use Tabasco or any other sauce! I also ordered the tuna tartare, which was fresh and tasty. I was definitely ready for my main course after that.. . For my main dish I ordered one of the specials. Two filets, one with crab and one with scallop/shrimp. I liked the flavoring of the crab filet more, but both filets were tender and easy to eat. I do appreciate the fact that they have you cut into the meat to make sure it is to your liking when they first give you your entree. I wonder what they do with the meats that are too overcooked....Side dishes included the lobster mac and cheese, au gratin potatoes, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach and grilled asparagus. The potatoes and lobster mac and cheese didn't WOW me, but I did appreciate the veggies although the spinach was VERY creamy. . . There was a pianist there who was performing which made the noise level a bit hard to hear people in my group talk, but other than that Del Frisco's was wonderful. Service was impeccable and attentive. I definitely will be back!
It was nice that this place was  a little quiet...off the strip but near a lot of other steak places like Mortons and Ruth's Chris... . . We started with the crab cake, which was amazing... it was baked and large lumps of crab, and the cajun lobster sauce was really good too.. I had the prime ribeye and it was just wonderful..husband had the 8 oz filet.. we also got the asparagus and the au gratin potatoes.. The asparagus was really good, but the au gratin potatoes were sort of meh.. We were asked to cut our steaks to make sure it was cooked to our liking.. Our server was just great.. we drank ice tea and our glasses were never less than half full... . . They offer valet and self parking.. . Overall our experience was just wonderful, and we hope to return.
Bachelor party of 9 guys - great delicious steaks, good appetizers, good side dishes, excellent service, not far off strip, helpful and patient wait staff, good vibe, good noise level.  . . Dollar for dollar the best place to eat steaks for your saturday night bachelor party/large group meal in vegas.  You will spend nearly twice as much at Cut, Charlie Palmer's, or any of the other major name steakhouses on the strip and it won't be nearly as good.  Go here, end of story.. . We sat at a round table in the main dining room but they can accomodate groups in private rooms.  I'm very pleased with the experience we had and would go there again next time I'm with a large group.
Delicious.  The fillet mignon is outstanding, as are the crab cakes.  Our server was spot on.  The interior is very classic steakhouse, all dim lighting and dark woods.  Very nice.  This was my wife's birthday dinner and they went all out to make the evening special, including a card signed by the staff and a free taste of their amazing lemon cake dessert.  Del Frisco's is off the Strip (thankfully) and well worth the trip.  Recommended!
I had the Nebraska Wagyu off menu special. It was $90, 20 oz, and it was awesome steak. Best food I had this week in Vegas. I also had the beef tartare, which was good. Wines by the glass were great, service was great. I would come here anytime. . . I would have to say the air quality in here is a bit strange. I don't like the smell in the air - it wasn't a bad smell, but it wasn't a food smell. If I owned this place, I would rip out the carpet and the drop ceiling and replace them, such a nice place needs top air quality.. . I will be back. This place was the only good place out of 5 dinners at steakhouses.
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday. We made reservations for 7 on a Saturday night. Upon arrival, the place was pretty quiet. After ordering, it started to get packed! And a bit loud.. . My boyfriend ordered the tomahawk. I ordered the 12oz. filet mignon. For an appetizer, we had the crab cake. And for sides, we had the lobster mac and cheese. The crab cake was out of this world good. And so were the lobster mac and cheese. The steaks were cooked perfectly. My boyfriend couldn't finish the tomahawk, it was huge! . . We were stuffed an hour later. And as a complimentary gift, I got a card signed by the staff at Del Friscos and a big slice of lemon cake. . . I'm not a steak person but I left here really happy. I'll be back when I'm in Vegas again.
Absolutely my favorite steakhouse! Not just in Vegas but ever!. . Great Meat and Great Sides. Lobster Mac and Cheese. . . I had the dead baby cow porterhouse, (Veal Porterhouse) for the first time. It was not my favorite cut of meat but it was still delicious. This is one place I made sure to stay sober for so I could enjoy my meal.
An absolute must if you're in town. I've eaten at Cut at the Palazzo and I still love Del Frisco's and their "steakhouse" feel of a restaurant and the food is devine!!! YOU MUST GO!
Every steak I have had at Del Frisco's has been amazing!  All of the sides have always been great, though I miss the jalapeno-bacon mac & cheese, the lobster style was nice.. . Atmosphere is great for dates, business outings or group dinners, and they always have something special to show you at the end of the night, here they had the James Bond table, which was very cool!. . Though you will pay a bit more here, you know this ahead of time.  They treat you very well, and the thank you card I got in the mail a few days later was a very nice touch!
YEAHHHHHHHHHH MANNNNNNNNNN!. . We ordered the Power Couple deal, which I believe is for their restaurant week or something. The deal was quite a steal. Each person gets: Salad, 1 crab cake AND 8oz. filet mignon, 2 sides, and a choice of dessert for $99.. . - Del's Salad: one of the best & beastliest salads ever. I'm not much of a salad person, but I didn't feel like less of a man for eating this. It came with super fresh cabbage and veggies, with 2 very deeelicious strips of bacon laid on top. The wonderful avocado-based house dressing brought all the components of the salad together. I forced myself to eat only half, for I wanted to finish the rest of my meal.. - Off-menu bone-in filet mignon 16oz: This phenomenal piece of meat went for $60. They allowed us to upgrade the steak in the power couple deal for an extra $25. So glad I did this. I've eaten at a lot of steak- Mastro's/Morton's/Ruth's Chris/Lawry's etc etc, and I gotta say that the steak I had here was one of the best I've had.. - 8oz filet mignon: My gf had this one, and I tried a bite, of course. This was even more tender than the steak I had.. - Crab cake: Heavenly? Delightful? Fabulous? Blissful? Whatever. Best crab cake I've ever had, no argument there. Not your typical crab cake - it's just layered chunks of juicy beautiful savory crab meat formed into a cake of perfection.. - Lobster Mac & Cheese: Not included in the power couple deal; we ordered this separately $16. Yes, I loved this, too.. - Alaskan King Crab Legs: $49. Huge legs. My friend said it was the best $49 for crab that he's ever spent.. - Sides: We pretty much got all the available sides - the spinach, veggie of the day was broccoli, potatoes. . - VIP cocktail: it's from those large jars they have with pineapples in them. The ladies seemed to a be a big fan of it.. - Cheesecake: We ordered the strawberry cheesecake and the butterscotch cheesecake. We were crazy stuffed, but it was so good that we still ate most of it.. . All steaks were cooked perfectly, except for one of our's (5 of us). She said some of the outside portions of her filet mignon were a little burned. The servers here did a great job of making sure the steaks were cooked to our liking, but my friend didn't bother saying anything because she didn't want to wait another 20 minutes.. What I really liked was the hospitality & service of every single employee. When your entree comes out.. it seems like the entire staff comes out to swarm your table to give you your steaks & scoop ur sides for you. That experience in itself makes this place very unique and memorable.. . We sat at a table located next to a bar, where a guy was playing jams on the piano. Awesome. I also noticed that there were many other rooms/sections in the place, hopefully we'll try the others out next time.. Located slightly off the strip, this Del Frisco's has the feel/vibe that it's been around for a while... and it'll probably stay around for much longer, for very good reason.. . Cliff Notes: If you want to have a nice steak dinner in Vegas, you have to eat here.
While I was in Vegas in February and waited for my friends to get ready for a night out on the town, I was watching TV and Del Frisco's came on as one of the restaurants in Vegas to try out.  Immediately I bookmarked it and decided to give it a whirl for my birthday this weekend.  I was not disappointed!!. . My friend made reservations at 5:30pm on Saturday for our party of three.  Del Frisco's is located a short cab away (about $10 from Encore).  We arrived and were seated immediately.  . . The Appetizer: . *Steak Tartare - Yummy!  The tartare was tender and flavorful.  I will admit, I did miss the egg you usually mix in, but the dish was still delicious.. . The Meat:. *Bone in Ribeye Wagyu - Yum! My friend and I decided to split the wagyu since it was a 32 oz cut of meat.  The meat was delicious, extremely flavorful, and cooked to a perfect medium rare. . . The Sides:. *Spinach Supreme - MMMM...Definitely a must order!  The spinach was creamy and had pieces of bacon in every bite (bacon does make everything better).. *Lobster Mac & Cheese - Good.  The top of the dish had a nice panko like crisp to it.  But...where was all the lobster?  I sat there picking through the mac and cheese and noticed there was not much lobster meat.. *Chateau Potatoes - Pass. I'm not much of a fan of potatoes so maybe that's why I didn't enjoy the dish.  To me, it tasted similar to a warm potato salad.. . SERVICE:. FABULOUS!  The hostesses greeted us as we walked in and wished me a happy birthday.  Our waitress, Kelsey, was great.  She was helpful, good natured, and friendly.  She checked on us regularly and made sure the meal was to our liking.  While she cut into our meat to make sure it was to our liking, there were three servers going around, each serving us a scoop of one of the sides.. . For those looking to also drink, Del Frisco's does have a fully stocked bar.. . Oh yeah, one of the cutest things I've seen at a restaurant, in addition to the slice of lemon cake for my birthday, I was given a signed birthday card from the staff.  Thanks to my friends and Del Frisco's to the fabulous birthday dinner!
YES YES YES YES. . . So I went to Vegas for my Grandma's 80th Birthday. Yeah you heard right, my grandma likes to party. . . Anyway, I'd been looking forward to visiting Del Frisco's from the day I found out we were going. I'd been going over what I would get - what entree, what appetizer, etc etc. Let me tell you, it did not disappoint. . . Here's what I ordered: . - Double eagle bone in prime strip . - sauteed mushrooms. - asparagus. - lobster macaroni and cheese . . I also got to try some of the shrimp scampi from my mom's plate. . . What a feast! Let me tell you, that steak was well worth the $60 or however much it is. It was humongous but it was so full of flavor and it was so moist. The food was pretty much amazing. However, I wasn't too keen on the salad that came with the meal. I ordered a Caesar salad and I think the cheese was just a little too sharp for my taste. Whatever, it's a freaking steak house! I don't care about the salad! I can't really say much else about the food, other than I was really diggin' it. . . I also have to mention the service at this place. It is definitely second to none. Our server was so nice and helpful, we even recruited him to take a bunch of pictures of our family and he helped us out without even skipping a beat and was really nice about it. . . Del Frisco's was definitely the right place to go and splurge a little bit and have a really good time with some really good eats. I will definitely come out here again when I've got a hankering for a meat coma.
Reservations set for 9:30pm on a Saturday night.  Got there and was seated right after checking in.  To start we got a pitcher of their specialty drink the "VIP".  It was so tasty and smooth I feel like I can drink the whole pitcher myself.  Vodka infused pineapples aged for xx amount of days then squeezed and served on the rocks or as a martini.  . . Starters: . Crab Cake - Simply amazing, fresh and full of crabs with a delightful sauce that just enhances the flavor of the crab.  To top it off the bread that they serve goes really well with the sauce, and we were told that is the right way to eat the crab cake and sauce.  Use the bread and clean the plate =).. . Shanghai style calamari - Interesting, and full of flavor as well.  Sweet and spicy sauce that adds a tangy twist to the calamari yet still crispy.  . . Special chop salad - lettuce, blue cheese, bacon, and avocado.  Simple yet refreshing.. . Main course: . Tomahawk cut of the Wagyu beef rib eye - So tender and huge, this is a portion to share between two people. . . Bone in Rib eye - Cooked just the way I asked for.  Always a plus when I can get the cut cook just the way I like it.  The plate comes out piping hot so it also helps cook the meat more.  Flavorful and tender.. . Sides:. Cream Spinach - has bacon bits so it was really good.  MMMMmmm bacon. . Lobster Mac n Cheese - This was good as well, but I would pick the spinach to be the better side of the night. . . All of this food only cost us around $350, which isn't bad at all.
As i rubbed my overstuffed belly, dude said it's ok if i want to unbutton. I told him i unbuttoned already about 30 min ago!. . Wowee, i think i consumed more food here that i did at the buffets. . I brought my relatives here to treat them to a nice steak dinner, without breaking the bank. . For restaurant week, they were doing a great deal (which is pretty much half of their power couple meal). For $50, you get a 3 course meal. Most of our table ordered that, while my dude and uncle just got their manly bone in Rib Eyes. The deal came with a Petit Filet and crabcake, along with salad and dessert. But ur allowed to tweak your meal and don't necessarily have to stick with the written options- a few items, u have to pay extra for. . You start off with huge sesame seed bread served with butter. Not the best bread steak house bread i've had, but it was soft and yummy. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=0BlIFseV-5Hd16I-PcRrXQ . . My Del's salad was awesome!. Mainly cuz it came with two huge pieces of delicious thick but crisp bacon on top!!! I got mine with an avocado dressing which was so good! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=Gl37AEprIq227kFoigLohw. . The petit Filet was pretty filling and cooked nicely med rare.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=fNMin5UVASwyyFBm_eMUlg. The bone in Rib Eye was good as well, dude loved it as he's had it before. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=HyA9h7GFL35u0YrUgi3uvg  It was good, but i felt it lacked that buttery char that i love on my rib eye. Mastros i say still does a better Bone In Rib eye. . . For sides, the staff comes around and spoons out the sides you ordered, which come in large portions that u could share them. . I tried the spinach (creamy with bacon!), and mushrooms were ok. . The baked potato looked good. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=_fxRw3wX86gejNGyy2rAWg. . The crabcakes were pretty good. . My uncle got the Salmon and said that the Tchoupitoulas sauce it came with was delicious and light. . My aunt got the seared tuna steak- which was good but not great. She enjoyed the crab cake more. . . We all let out some gasps when we saw the humongous desserts!. We were too stuffed but couldn't resist the yummy looking desserts. . The bread pudding was the best-  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=J4y4JWu2Kzjwv4Q_Ein0cQ. Strawberry cheesecake was huge and very cream cheesy than sweet . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=NiuW7t29bUx5BSZYH-8DKw. Chocolate mousse was delicious. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IT_4EEIbv6Ox1jBRMyE7pg?select=PU3xnSpdx9YjuOQpNiNikQ. One dessert, i think is big enough to share between 3 people, esp after having a huge dinner already. . . Service was outstanding. Our waiter was very knowledgable about the menu and took his time explaining everything and made us all feel very comfortable. We saw atleast 10 different wait staff come to our table, either refilling our drinks (even after one sip!) or bringing out our dishes. . . I signed up for their rewards card which racks you up points for dollars spent for gift cards. They charge u an initial fee of $25.00 which they reinburse you in the form of a giftcard for later. You can also sign up online before going there, so you can use it on your first visit. Be sure to let them know of any b-days, as u will get a comped dessert! . . * A little bit off the strip off Paradise by Ruth's Chris and Mortons.
We come to Vegas once a year and we were looking for a killer steakhouse. Yelp did not disappoint. Everything was great from the service to the food to the Kobe beef steak for 2 to the wine and desert. We enjoyed ourselves for about 3 1/2 hours and were never rushed to get out of there as they did not need to clear the table for someone else. $350 for 2 including the tip and it was a very nice evening. Agree 100% with all the other reviews. You can't go wrong here.
Finally got a chance to try this place on my latest trip to LV.  I have to say, I thought it was great.  The original intent was to go the cheap route and get the 'power couple' meal which is like 99 bucks for two.  However after checking out the menu my friend and I opted for the more expensive route.. . For appetizers got the crab cakes and the shrimp, both of these were excellent.  For dinner I got a menu special which was Filet Mignon prepared two ways which I now am naming 'Dueling Filets'.  Both of these filets were melt in your mouth delicious and prepared with two different sauces.   The creamed spinach was also great.  . . Service was impeccable.  We had 2 waiters at all times, perhaps one was a trainee.  When they brought the food there were 4 wait staff attending, situating our food and making sure we were taken care of.  We were also checked on by a manager who asked us how we were doing and of course I let it slip that it was my friend's birthday so we got a complimentary huge slice of their lemon chiffon cake.  That was also delicious.. . That signature VIP drink with infused pineapple was delicious.  I could have sat there all night drinking those things and considering how much I spent gambling later perhaps I should have just sat there.  They have huge jars of the soaking pineapple decorating the restaurant.  I should have taken one of those home.. . The final bill wasn't cheap, but this is definitely a great experience with some great food.   I wish I could go here more often.
This is a difficult one due to the stellar ratings that this place gets time and time again.  i will have to say that i walked in with very high expectations.. . We walked in to celebrate a reunion of sorts, from seeing a bunch of friends in Las Vegas after a long time of living in different areas of the country.  On top of that, 2 of the folks were recently promoted, and 2 more recently had kids.... . The food did not disappoint, and most of the recommendations were right on the money.  here is what i enjoyed:. Crab cakes were as good as people said. The spinach was as good as everyone says..."bacon in every bite". We also had asparagus, lobster mac which were good, but not earth shattering.. For dinner, i had split with another big eater the Wagyu Rib Eye (medium rare of course, not some other overcooked way to eat very high quality beef) - and it was excellent.. . As far as the rating, i would say that it met my expectations, making it at best 4 stars, but since i knowingly went in with very high expectations due to the postings i pre-reviewed, my expectations exceeded most other places that i ever go to.. . if i have to go to a nice dinner in LV, i will come here again.  The price mirrors most places that one would call "a nice restaurant".  you wont leave here on the cheap, but at the same time you wont leave feeling underwhelmed either.  you will get a great meal, with great wait staff that wont rush you out and will serve you and entertain.. . The waiters did make an effort above and beyond the call of duty.  One of our group was bragging about how he "doesnt drink beverages with  fruit or vegetables" as a real man.  Amongst the guys, we all cracked up when the waiter "couldnt help it" to bring his red bull vodka with a mint leaf.  yes the rest of us gave him extra tip just for that!
My favorite steakhouse hands down.. . The steaks are the most flavorful out of all the steak houses I've been to and the service is up to par.  The staff is unassuming and take great care of you.. . This is a great place to go out with a big group.  I've always had a great time at Del Frisco's.
I had a bone in ribeye with spinach. Very delicious. Then came the lemon cane. Soooo good. It was so delightful I brought it to thanksgiving instead of pie.
Why would anyone give Del Frisco's anything less than 5 stars?    Nothing less than the best is what you will find here.  My husband and I have been well versed on steak houses in Las Vegas; you will not regret taking your business to Del Frisco's.  Service:  over-the-top.  Food: exquisite.  Atmosphere: highly memorable.
Crazy good! Got a 16 oz NY Strip rare , and side of au gratin potatoes, off the charts, thought it was cooked perfectly.  Really impressed with both the food and service, everyone working was awesome to us. Got drinks and bottles of wine for the table and still thought the price was very reasonable as far as steakhouses go. Short ride from the Hard Rock Hotel so if your staying in that area this a great choice.
This place is AMAZING, the best steak house we've been to so far.  My husband and I came here for dinner on our anniversary and I have to to say that I was truly impressed with the food, customer service, and ambiance.  They even had a pianist that made the environment romantic. Our waitress was very attentive, she knew what we needed even before we asked her.  My husband had the 26oz new york steak bone in, and it was cooked to perfection, the crab cakes are delicious, and the lemon cake is out of this world. We don't live in Vegas, but when we go back, this restaurant is on the list....Wish they had one in Los Angeles..
This place is all about service, service, service.... From the moment your valet greets you to when the valet closes the door for you after you get in your car, it's top notch service.. . Five of us were in Vegas to celebrate hubby's 40th birthday and he chose this place based on Yelp reviews.  He did good!!  I made reservations and noted that it was his birthday, half-hoping they'd do something to acknowledge it.. . Imagine our surprise when the hostesses greeted him with a chorus of "Happy Birthday" as we walked in.  Upon being seated, our server walked over and placed a card that had already been waiting on the table in front of hubby.  It was a birthday card signed by the staff!  Our server shook hubby's hand and also wished him a birthday.  Not to belabor the point but a couple more people stopped by to wish him a happy birthday.. . Now the food.  Probably the best steaks I've ever had.  Seasoned perfectly throughout and cooked perfectly as well.  Although I went with the smaller ribeye cut, I ended up eating only half of my steak....because I became distracted by the sides and the appetizers!!. . To start, we had fried oysters (excellent, large and fresh - not overcooked), tuna tartare (old school preparation and very good) and a dozen oysters from each coast (fresh, briny and sweet though that's probably just because they were good oysters).. . Sides were the lobster mac and cheese (perfect level of richness where you don't feel all icky after eating some), asparagus (okay, just steamed and topped with almonds) and creamed spinach (amazing!).  Gf ordered a plated dish (with sides) and her chateau potatoes were spicy and delicious (I'm going to get a side of it next time).. . Hubby ordered a baked potato for himself to go with his porterhouse and while he felt guilty eating it, he loved that they put melted butter into the open potato and then scooped more whipped butter on top, alongside the sour cream.. . We'd brought a cake and they were very gracious in serving it up for us.  We gave them the remaining half in gratitude for their service.. . There were no foams, gelee's, dry ice, constant utensil changes or pyrotechnics in our meal...none was needed when they shocked and awed us with their wonderful service and impeccable steaks.
Order the long-bone Waygu cut medium plus.
Thrilled with Del Friscos happy hour!  . . 3 of us had 3 bar entrees, and 8 cocktails for $59.  . . The signature Del Friscos martini with pineapple infused vodka goes down smooth and tasty and will only set you back $6.  You can also choose form wine, beer and well drinks for $4-6. . . All of the bar entrees are $6 too.  We had scallops, a burger and pork nachos.  The star of this show is the burger.  I would easily pay $20 for this burger.  It is a huge, prime, juicy, well seasoned and perfectly cooked patty topped with your choice of blue or cheddar cheese and the classic accouterments of lettuce, red onion, tomato, and a surprise of sweet pickles.  It is a really really really good burger.   It also comes with fresh cut fry/chips.  Holy moly! The scallops were generous as well.  4 big scallops with a creamy spinach sauce.  . . The service was really nice and we got not one, but two loaves of fresh baked bread with butter.  I would do this happy hour again in a heartbeat and recommend it to all of my friends on my way!!
I have to say that this was one amazing dining experience.  It started with a lovely set of 6 oysters on the half-shell and shrimp cocktail (very large tiger prawns), then the 16oz ribeye cooked medium and to perfection.  Side order was the potatoes au-gratin, one word cheesy-licious!  Then desert was the most moist and delicious lemon cake I have ever eaten!. . Don't be afraid of the prices, if you can afford it, then Del Friscos Las Vegas will certainly NOT disappoint!. . I am not financially able to eat there more often than on special occasions, but I will make it a tradition whenever I visit Las Vegas.
By far one of the best steakhouses I have ever been to hands down. I took advantage of their participation in restaurant week to try them out and was not disappointed by anything. The food, service and ambiance were all five stars. Most of the time, I feel high end steakhouses are over hyped and I leave disappointed. However, Del Frisco's went above and beyond of not only meeting my expectations, but exceeding them. . . My personal recommendations are the filet mignon which one could cut with a fork, the crab cake which is by far the best crab cake I have ever had ever and the baked potato is nothing short of awesome as well. Definitely looking forward to my next excuse to go back.
Ease of access : Excellent, we were looking for a top notch SH that we could get into on a Sunday Night. We found a good reservation time for the two of us. We were asked if there were any special requests for seatings on the phone!  Big win right there.. . Presentation: The hostess was polite and gracious. We were seated quickly and in a great area. They had the football game on! Score!. . Menu: Perfect and we were surprised by their Sunday night couple special. Killer.. . Service. Outstanding.Period. No details needed. If you understand fine dining you understand what is expected regarding service, it does not need to be defined.. . Food. Steak like butter and tasty, crab cakes, best ever, salad was off the hook. The spinach supreme was so good my bro who doesn't like anything green even thought it was good.. . Beer: Dogfish 60 minute IPA...need I say more. . Price: Well, when you decide to seek out the best steak houses in town you don't ask cost! But even that being said, on par with the best in their league.. . Overall: I'm sure Stripsteak and many others are great in Vegas, but being a SH fan, I could find NO reason why this SH didn't take number one. . . Let's see if NYCs location can hold up! . . J$
Hands down the best steak place I've been to - and I've been to most of the big names in town. My filet mignon was perfect. Service was beyond reproach. Have been there several times for dinner presentations - and the food always tastes a little better when someone else is paying.
This is my new favorite steakhouse!  The service was fantastic from beginning to end, and the food was ... I'm speechless.  We had a group of 8, and we were seated in a semi-private room with three other similarly sized tables.  I loved how the dining room(s) were all very well lit, not like other steakhouses that are dark (barely can see in some!).  It made for a more fun, vibrant night with friends.  . . I'm a rib-eye fan and  I must say this is one of the better rib eyes I've had.  The plate was, of course, decorated with butter and was cooked perfectly to my taste (medium rare).. . Here is what was ordered:. . Appetizers:. Calamari - very tasty, perfectly seasoned - try it, new twist on an old favorite. Shrimp Cocktail: 5 large jumbo shrimp with cocktail sauce. Crab Cake: very dense, pretty much all crab meat with some tasty sauce. . Steaks:. my friend and I each ordered the 10 oz ribeye with potatoes (lagniappe) (still a large portion - I could have split the steak). my husband ordered the 16 oz ribeye. her husband ordered the bone in. . Sides:. Lobster Mac & Cheese - yummy! Some of my friends didn't this dish as much as the Mastro's Mac & Cheese, but I thought it was very tasty. Spinach Supreme - YOU MUST ORDER THIS. Enough said. Bacon.. String Beans - crisp, we felt we needed a veggie side. Not bad, not good, it's a veggie, after all. . Dessert:. Lemon cake - YOU MUST ORDER THIS.  The slice is very generous, enough for each person in the group to take a few bites. Sorbet - three different flavors: mango, pineapple and raspberry - all very good. . Wine:. We ordered a bottle of red (I'm not very wine savvy so I'm not sure which one it was...07 something, was about $100.  I liked it a lot) . . 2 friends split the 10oz ribeye + potatoes, another 2 split the filet.  Ithink the smaller portions were perfect. Everyone left satisfied but not disgustingly stuffed.. . I think it was very reasonably priced, the entire bill for 8 people was about $550 (gratuity not included) - when does that ever happen??. . The only downside, which I won't count against the restaurant, is that it is located off-strip.  But, if I think about it, the off-strip location may actually be a good thing.  . . All in all a wonderful dining experience.  They asked for us to leave contact information so they can send us handwritten thank you notes!!. . Too bad there isn't one in LA :(
Absolutely awesome. Was in Vegas recently for a little weekend getaway and made reservations here from all the excellent reviews and all I can say is everyone is right. The food was excellent the service was great and the ambiance was exactly what you expect in a steak house in this price range.
This is a great steakhouse.  Good sedate type atmosphere,  service is excellent and food very well prepared and tasty.  The seafood appetizer tray  $85 is unbelievable.  The crab legs and lobster on it are huge.  I had fillet one night, done perfect medium rare,  crab legs the second night.   Precut big and meaty.  Very good. Butter dip needed salt though.   Deserts, the chocolate souffle is supper good.  We shared all the desert.  I would say second best is the banana bread pudding type.  Biff our waiter was super.
Wow. Great service. Prompt courteous. Hovering but not obnoxious. Steak was melt in your mouth. Not overseasoned. Salad amd veggies fresh. Cosmos were perfect. Hostess was very educated and mannerly. Value was a 11/10!  Two people three courses $110 including tip.
My husband wanted to go the best Steakhouse in Las Vegas--so I knew right where to go! It doesn't get any better than Del Frisco's.... . Classy, old school, dark wood decor, paino music-- atmosphere is very romantic and sophistacted! The service here is unmatched...your waiter/waitress calls you by name and it is a very personable dining experience. Don't come to dinner with a rush to get out-- stay, relax, and enjoy the meal, the service, and the atmosphere!. . The crab cakes are to die for. The Bone-In filet or ribeye will literally melt in your mouth, I can still taste the freshness of the veggies to this day!  Oh and the lobster mac n' cheese... Yum! No matter what you order you will not be disappointed. If you have a complaint about this restaurant in any way shape or form... you're just one of those people who can't be pleased! . . After dining with Del Friscos--your waiter/waitress will mail you a Thank you card for dining with them. Again, an over the top (personable) experince!
Heaven on a plate.... need i say more!, the bartender was from back east and continually threw out jokes to keep the conversation going. nice guy, our waiter was extremely knowlegable about the menu and led us in the right direction. cutting my filet with a fork was just over the top. This place is amazing.
This is an awesome steakhouse: had the mac 'n cheese side dish and filet mignon. All of it was fantastic--a carnivore's and mac lover's dream come true. Also, they make a delicious dirty martini (it takes a special spot to deliver such a thing), and if you're celebrating a birthday, they offer a complimentary slice of their popular lemon (I believe) cake, along with a b-day card signed by the staff. Nice touch and great service! Can't wait to visit soon~
This place is a classic.  Wife and I meet up with some friends from out of town and wanted to do it up right and this was the place.. . We requested to sit outside so we could smoke cigars. Although they got rid of the smoking lounge they have large commercial heaters and thick drapes to block the wind. . . I split the bone-in rib eye which was great! The lobster mac and cheese was great, DON'T split his with anybody! Hog it for yourself, you won't be disappointed. . . Nice wine selection without breaking the bank.  . . The patio are also includes an area with some couches by a fireplace which allows for a less formal atmosphere if you just wanted to drop in for a drink, app, and cigar.
For several years we've been wanting to try Del Frisco's but have been too lazy to drive towards its central Vegas location.  The laziness finally wore off and we had finally made last minute 9:00pm reservations through Yelp's iphone Opentable application.. . The restaurant is spacious, inviting, and beautiful inside.  The ambiance and music to match the above.  Really, what do you expect from one of the top steak houses in Vegas, let alone in the entire country!?. . Enough hoopla, onto the food and drinks!  Food-wise, I'd probably give Del Frisco's four stars because of the appetizers and sides; but, if I were rating the steaks ONLY, this is a solid five star restaurant!  Bread and butter were abundant throughout our entire dining excursion--always a plus.  To start I get a caesar salad.  It was fresh and looked great but I've had better; probably will never order again.  Todd started with oysters on the half shell.  They looked good as well but, he said he wouldn't order them here anymore.  With our appetizers our server suggested a crisp glass of sauvignon blanc, very well paired.  Now, what you've been waiting for the entree...  We order two 12 ounce filet mignons cooked medium.  Accompanying our steaks we try the red wine and pepper glaze (on the side); don't bother ordering that (too peppery).  The steaks were AMAZINGLY PERFECT!  Seasoning, juiciness, tenderness=mouth watering!  I cannot say enough good things about our steaks!!!  Again our server suggested a merlot for my husband, while I opted for a pinot noir.  Our sides were, sauteed asparagus (very good), sauteed mushrooms in cabernet (mediocre), and maque choux corn (tasty).  The corn had bits of peppers, spices, and pieces of either ham or Nueske's bacon in it.  So it was sweet, zesty, and smokey all at the same time; I thought it was good, my husband LOVED it.  . . Being that both my husband and I are gluttons, we didn't leave room for dessert.  Go figure...  We even brought home a doggy bag.  Next time I want to try their desserts.. . Service was very good without them hovering over us or being snobby, especially for being so late.  . . I can't wait to go back!!!
Service 5 Stars. Decor 5 Stars. Food 10 Stars!. . Crab cake and steak? That equaled to a perfect night...with everything cooked exactly they way I like it.. . The prime steak literally melted in my mouth.. . Drooling now.
I have been here on two occasions, the first was with a group of friends and the second was with my girlfriend (now wife). Let me tell you, Del Frisco's did not disappoint at all. The food was excellent, from the appetizers to the entrees. The staff was polite, were not pushy and made great recommendations. Sure, the bill was high, but as they say "you get what you pay for". I will be going back again, count on it.
After having a great meal at the NY location, I had to to check out the LV location as well.  I stopped by today with my babe for a holiday feast.  When we arrived , we were seated at a table by the bar.  The furnishings are typical for a grand steakhouse.....dark woods with white tablecloths.  Tonight Del Frisco entertained their guests with a pianist who played and sang soft rock music throughout the meal.......awesome!. . We started the meal with their fried calamari and their wonderful, oven-baked warm bread.   The calamari was prepared "Shanghai" style with a sweet, red pepper, tangy sauce....totally awesome flavor.. . For dinner, we had the bone-in rib eye steaks and sides of creamed spinach with bacon, lobster macaroni and cheese and skillet potatoes and onions.. . The steak was perfectly prepared and cooked.......full of flavor and just the right amount of marbling.. . The sides were outstanding......the spinach and lobster mac and cheese were excellent.  The skillet potatoes were thick chips.......and the onions were cut equally as thick.......they went perfectly with the steak flavor.. . For dessert, we had the 7 layered lemon cake.....one of the best deserts I have ever had!  It was sweet...tangy and so fucking--good!. . Overall....one of my best steak meals ever!
What the hell is wrong with me?  I have worked on Howard Hughes Parkway for almost five years and I've never stopped in here?  Shame on me!. . They open the bar at 4:30pm for Happy Hour and boy is it a Happy Hour!  The restaurant opens at 5:00pm for dinner.. . Our bartender, Ron, was fabulous!  He hooked us up with some drinks:. *"The VIP" Del Frisco's Signature Drink ($6 Happy Hour). Best martini ever!  Clementine vodka and a whole lotta deliciousness!. . *Blackberry Ginger Cocktail ($6 Happy Hour). . We had a couple of apps:. *Fried Calamari (wasn't on the Happy Hour menu, cause its a secret!). -They are done Shanghai Style- Not too heavy on the batter and the sauce was divine!. . *Scallops "Rockefeller". -Two HUGE scallops with a spinach remoulade sauce.  OMG!  So yum!. . Then we headed over to our table and had a fabulous waiter and I wish I had remembered his name!  He has a very large voice that would be great for acting or something.  He was great and was able to answer all of our questions. . We ordered:. *Filet Mignon 8oz.. -My husband and I actually split the steak as we were kinda full from the drinks and apps!  They had NO PROBLEM splitting our steak at all!  How nice!  They also brought out a second hot plate as they split the steak for us.. . *Beef Medallions w/ Chateau Potatoes & Red Wine Demi Glace. -SO tender and so good!. . *Potatoes Au Gratin. -Just as you know them and yummy!. . I would head here again as soon as I have the chance!  I think I'll be hitting up their happy hour more than I should, but its so damn good!  Great service, great people and a great atmosphere!
It may be true that they have the best crab cakes in the world. Or, at least among the very best. My wife and I have eaten crab cakes everywhere from italy to honolulu we know crab cakes! They have some excellent budget wines nestled among some heart stoppingly expensive wines. We also had chopped salad and duo of fillets. Cooked to perfection. Excellent service. Starving musician on the piano also very nice.
Visited on 12/30/11 to celebrate my in-laws 50th anniversary.  Originially had reservations at Ruth Chris but they closed down without notice.  Had heard of Del Frisco's but never ate there.  They did not disappoint.  We had 7 ppl in our party.  It was as though each of us had our own personal server.  The entire staff works each table, not just the waiter/waitress.  Every dish was delicious.  Had the crabcakes for appetizer.  I do not like seafood at all but had to try.  It was delish...very flaky and light.  The steaks melt in your mouth and can just about be cut with a butter knife.  Meal was pricey but worth every penny. They back it up with excetional service and food.  Not once did we have to ask the waiter for anything...he anticipated our every need.  Will def visit again next time in Vegas. Thanks to the staff for making it a wonderful evening.
Wow....lobster mac and cheese is fenomenal...potatoes au gratin is delish, and I absolutely loved the osso bucco. Torally tender and falling off bone. Came with pasta and was just too much food. My hubby had steak medium and was just perfect. But too much food. Next time I would only do one side dish. Had dessert chocolate lava cake and you cannot leave with out trying.
Oh my mac! Talk about tasty.. . After spending a fortnight deciding where to eat before my girlfriend went to cancer treatment in Soma, California I randomly chose Del Frisco's (After having spent 11 years driving past it). It definitely was in my top 5 decisions of all time.. . The atmosphere and hospitality immediately spilled outside the restaurant, the valet Slava was rad. He made sure my Mazda was well taken care of after assuring me it would be. I love when people do what they say. . . The second we walked into the lobby we were greeted by the hostesses, Anji who would later seat us, was amazing she told us how great everything was and that this place was the best. She even showed us the James Bond table and told us all the actors too. What a beauty!. . Upon being sat we were given an order of bread by some behemoth of a man. I think his name was Jorgen or Xander, I don't remember I had knocked a few VIPs out by this point.. . Then my steak came. I ate that thing so quick. So fucking good.
Went here awhile back when I was in Vegas for a bachelor party.  My buddy picked this place out cause it got so many great reviews.  So we went here on a saturday night before we went out on the strip and this place was packed.  Literally packed.  Even with our reservation, I think we waited a little but I didn't mind that.  It's saturday night and the place was booked.  . We finally got seated at our table and after they took our order, they brought us some garlic bread.  I could not stop eating the bread...it was damn good.  It's like they sprinkled crack on it.  I ordered the Porterhouse and the thing was the size of a calf.  Seriously, it might have been the biggest steak I've ever consumed.   24 oz of madness but in a good way.   The steak was very juicy and tender.  They could not have done a better job with this gorgeous piece of meat.  . If you're in Vegas, I recommend you check this place out.  Definitely worth it.
Exceptional food and exceptional service.  For me this is a hidden gem of a world class steakhouse that I just discovered in my own backyard. When I enter a restaurant the first thing I notice is the vibe/energy of the place and Del Frisco's just felt right - high energy but elegant, comfortable but very fine in all details.  Our server Rick didn't miss a beat and my glass was never empty.  Even though the place was very busy he still found the time to talk to us and pay personal attention to each one of us.  Weordered our steaks rare and could in the middle.  The Steak server, who was different from our main server waited until we approved the way the steak was cooked.  Going to a restaurant is not only about the food but about the experience and our experience at Del Frisco's was wonderful.
Need to go when in Vegas!  Outstanding steaks and side dishes!  another level above other top steak joints.  Service was great also.  Had the bone-in ribeye Waygu steak and every bite was an absolute treat.  Crab cakes were out of this world!  So much crab!  Cream corn and asparagus were just as great as everything else.  Nothing was bad at all!  And did I say the steak just divine??
Del Friscos is my pinnacle of sublime cow. Several years ago my husband and I discovered Charleys Steakhouse in Orlando, and we picked up a list of the Top Ten steakhouses. We've tried several of them, but we always come back to Del Friscos. This is our third visit to the Las Vegas location, and once again we were impressed with the service and the food.. . Service at Del Friscos is always amazing. We received our salad and entrees perfectly prepared and with panache. Who knew that spooning potatoes onto my plate could actually be an art form? My husband and I shared the Porterhouse, medium rare. It was deftly sliced into shareable pieces and placed on perfectly buttered and heated plates. The sides, potatoes and asparagus, were portioned on to our plates alongside the juicy steak. Everything was cooked perfectly, and the utmost attention was given to all diners in the restaurant. . . I'm ridiculously happy that a Del Friscos has finally opened in Boston. This could get dangerous.....
Living up to their reputation, this is a mist for steak! The bone-in filet is the cats meow!!! Lobster mac cheese, o yes!Bring your gold card. The 007 table is a neat deal...
What can i even say about this place? Well it is the best damn steak house in all of Vegas (IMO). And i've been to all of the good ones i think. SW, Botero, Switch, Cut, Del Monicos, Prime Steak house, craft steak, the mansion, and even paiza club, and others. But this is until i find another one this steak house is the best. . . What we had:. 3x Bone-in Filet Mignon. 1x Gumbo. 1x Seafood Soup. 1x Seafood Cocktail. 1x Asparagus. 1x Lobster Mac & Cheese. . The steak was flavorful almost too flavorful and seasoned, juicy and succulent. My . mouth is watering writing about this. They do it just right while they cook the meat, it's hot through out but red and not over cooked. Do you know how hard it is to cook a nice rare piece of beef? . . Mac and cheese hmmm cheesy with lobster and small shells. . Asparagus - steamed. Shrimp Cocktail - big fresh pieces of shrimp. . and the soup was just ok.. . We ordered a bottle of wine called Mica by Buccela one of the up and coming wineries that most have yet to hear about it. Great Cab blend. . . All in all my dining experience was a 5.5 out of 5. I mean it was phenomenal. . . I will be back for more next time i'm in Vegas. Always a stop for me...
Best steak I've ever had.  Went here based on the Yelp reviews.  Loved that it wasn't on the packed strip.  Easy to find, plenty of parking.. . My bf ordered the Bone-in Rib Eye and I had the Filet Mignon.  The meat was top quality and the rub that was on the rib eye was amazing.  Our steaks were cooked a perfect medium rare.  My Filet was extremely tender and delicious.  Their sides are served family style so it's enough for a couple people to share.  We got broccoli that was cooked perfectly for a side.  I also had a baked potato which was a decent size.  For dessert we had a cheesecake that was extremely creamy.  It was slightly creamier than we would've liked, but still good.. . Our server, if I remember correctly was named Lisa and she was amazing.  So friendly and gave great recommendations.  Everyone who waited on us was extremely friendly and professional.. . We are definitely going back when we are in town next!  Also, our receipt came with a survey so we get $25 off our next visit!  Great deal!
A few weeks ago, I was in town for a business event. I wanted a really good steak, and boy did I get it! The bone-in filet was hands down the best steak I've ever had...and I've had a lot of steaks! The sides, crab cakes, and salad we had were also amazing. . . The drink? Killer. I can't remember the name of it, but their signature drink is a vodka soaked with pineapple, and not only was it HUGE, I wanted another one! . . For the quality of the meat and the service, I think the prices were spot on. I was a bit disappointed that they advertise a dress code, and there were people in there with jeans on. I wish they would enforce that...
We had a corporate dinner party for 26 persons here.  We had the private room with open bar and ordering off the menu.  The staff was well organized and handled the big group flawlessly.  The food was hot and the presentation was excellent.  I recommend coming here for a great dinner but note this is a $$$$ restaurant.   You do get what you paid for and the food is better than Ruth Chris or Mortons.
Amazing, perfectly cooked filet.  Sides were pretty good.  Let me know if there is a steakhouse that pays as much attention to the sides as they do the meat.  We had a lunch event there and the service was wonderful at a grand venue!  I can't wait to sink my teeth into another hunk of meat prepared by these guys again.
Great food & friendly service. Food was mouth watering!  Ribeye was cooked perfectly, steamed and sauteed veggies done just right. Must try the lobster Mac!!
Everything was perfect!
What can I say about this place? That I absolutely love it! . . It is one of the BEST steaks I ever had! My friends introduce me to restaurant week and I came along for the ride when they decided to go to this steak house.  I remember we had reservations and it was about 20minutes till we got seated, but I didnt mind it because they we were at a bar and enjoying some drinks.  . . Once we got seated we were served right away and started ordering our food.  I ordered the filet mignon and mashed potatoes.  & my oh my it was just EXQUISITE. The taste of the mignon was extravagant and you can basically cut the steak with your fork, (dont need a steak knife).  It came with a crab cake on the side and it was my very first taste of what a carb cake was & it made me just love eating it over & over & over again. I had mashed potatoes, too it was pretty awesome but I felt like it could have been better! But the filet and the crab cake just blew me away.. . I will definitely be back again.
What can I say that hasn't already been said about this magical palace of meat? Spent Super Bowl Sunday here. Came in post-game without a reservation and was given a nice table. Service was cordial and speedy. Loved the old school steakhouse feel. They have a lovely wooden bar. The place felt very masculine, but in a nice, classy way. Our server took a lot of pride in describing specials and menu items for us. There were a lot of great options on the menu and we first considered ordering a' la carte, but we noticed what a good deal their dinner for two was. On Sundays, they offer a $100 per couple dinner. It includes a salad of your choice, filet mignon and crab cakes, one side dish each and dessert for each person.. . I was fully expecting the portions to be smaller because of the meal deal. However, we definitely got full-sized portions. The crab cakes were among the best I've ever had. There was barely any filler and huge chunks of crab throughout. Not really a crab cake, but more of a crab dollop. Loved it! The steak had so much flavor and was cooked perfectly to my medium rare specifications. The filet was the perfect level of pink and the outside seasoning was spot-on. I'm not even a big fan of filet mignon, but this one was like butter. Loved their side dishes too. The mashed potatoes were so decadent and the broccoli gave me the right amount of green, so I didn't feel like a total fatty. I can't remember dessert, except to say I enjoyed it at the time. I think I was in a meat-induced coma and the whole thing is a blur. . . While we dined we were entertained by a jazz pianist. Perfect atmosphere to compliment a pitch perfect meal. All of this,combined with easy parking, made it a night to remember. Del Frisco's will always be a part of my Vegas itinerary from now on.
Everytime I go to Vegas, I mean Everytime, I have to eat here. I love this place, from the Ambience to the food to the great staff.. . The Food is Heavenly.
Superb service I have ever received. Top notch service anywhere. Live piano player and he had mad vocals. The main host and waitress was very attentive and does not bug you like others in other restaurants. She actually has assistants which I find it surprising that they do not make eye contact with your. I guess the logic is that all your concerns must be addressed to the main waitress. . . They ask if you need to go anywhere after dinner so they may prioritize your meal on the line. Don't expect fancy presentation, this is a steak house! But they serve your sides and do not leave the extra plates on the table. Bring your plate meat plate out and have you cut it in front of them so you may investigate the cut and wellness of the cooking. I had the rack of lamb and Loved it!. .  As we were eating, a piece of crumb was on the table and a waiter assistant stopped, took out a tiny hand spatula and scooped it out and off he left. Didn't make eye contact with anyone of us. I was like, "Woah.... did you see that!" Hahahaha  We were here for 2 birthday boys (I was one) and at the end, our waitress brought out these 2 awesome cuts of lemon cake and chocolate fudge. They were HUGE!!!! Enough for the whole table to enjoy. When she brought it out she said happy bday, but we don't sing. LOL cool, I don't like waiters singing anyways. The best part was at the end of the service, they did not add gratuity on the bill and we are a party of 6. Thats RESPECT!!!!! Worth the $400 bill! Thats with the cakes comped too.. . BTW, I just wanted to add that when we left I wanted to use the bathroom. One of the waiter assistants said, right this way sir. As she was leading me to the bathroom, she bent the corner and another assistant came out that same corner and said, "This way sir" and carried on to lead me to the bathroom. WOW!!!! AWESOME!!! It was like a lateral pass. They didn't tell me where the bathroom was, they led me the way. . . No cocky waiters/waitresses, no mishaps, no fancy..... Just class and a great experience. I will be glad to come back here again when I visit vegas soon. Just bring a heavy pocket with a big appetite.
I heart steaks and I heart Del Frisco's. It's a manly steakhouse, no frills, a meat and potato kind of place. It's soooo delicious. Their crab cake is the best and please be sure to smother your filet with blue cheese. Yum.
awesome atmosphere, awesome service and awesome steak. this is the place to be.
Dined here on Saturday, 3/3/12 with my hubby.  I have to say what a wonderful dining experience we had here at Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House!!!  . . We had a 7:30 PM dinner reservation and when we arrived we were immediately greeted by the hostess.  The place was packed and with people and it was quite loud and "happy."  :)  We were seated in 10 minutes.  Service here was outstanding!  Our servers were very helpful and friendly and helped us choose some items off the menu.  . . The bread and butter they brought to the table was amazing!  Fresh, hot, crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside.  We made the mistake of eating too much bread before dinner, but could not help ourselves as it was sooo good! :). . For starters we had the onion rings.  OMG!  They were HUGE!  MASSIVE!  More like onion "bracelets" than onion rings!  But man were they really tasty!  Best onion rings ever!!!. . My hubby ordered their 14 oz lobster tail and I ordered one of their specialty steaks. For sides we had their lobster mac and cheese and chateau potatoes.  Everything was very rich and delicious!  The lobster was tender and juicy!  My steak was flavorful, tender and melted in my mouth.  Quite possibly the best steakI have ever eaten!    :)  The lobster mac and cheese was also very good and highly recommended as was the chateau potatoes.  Both were very rich, creamy, and cheesy!  Sinful I tell you!. . For dessert, my husband ordered the creme brulee and I ordered their banana bread pudding.  The banana bread pudding was amazing!!!  It was served piping hot with vanilla ice cream and drizzled in caramel. I highly recommend it!  Pretty big too and could easily be shared between two people.  . . My hubby and I both really enjoyed Del Frisco's and highly recommend it if you are looking for an awesome steak house and wish to dine away from the crazy/busy Las Vegas Strip. . . TIP:  Wear something loose or stretchy!  It's a whole lot of food!!!  :)  You will leave in a food induced coma!  :)
This place is worth the cab ride from the strip. It's actually pretty close to the strip, I think about a $6 cab ride.. . I love steak and went here based on a recommendation from a friend. This place is amazing. First off, as soon as you are seated order a VIP martini. This is the best drink I've ever had. But as a disclaimer, it is pretty much pure vodka (which I'm not complaining about). It is so good and worth the $13 price tag. . . Food was great as well. I remember the steak being a little over seasoned, but I'm not a big fan of anything salty so I may have been a little sensitive. Waitress was great, she was very attentive, had some good wine recommendations, and was everything you would want in a server. We had a ton of leftover side dishes too, but we ordered three sides between the two of us, so I'd probably do one side per person next time. . . Overall, one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. I always try to make down here when I'm in Vegas...for the VIP martinis. They also have happy hourfrom like 3-6 Monday-Friday I believe, and the VIP martinis are half off.  . . The only thing I was sad about was not receiving a thank you card in the mail :(
Ahhhhh Vegas, Vegas, Vegas, where do I start? So Easter Sunday driving home from my Grandmothers house I had that itch that hits all of us who love Sin City. Vegas was calling an I was going to answer! I texted my cousin immediately and seeing as his love for gambling, girls and grub is as big as mine we short planned a trip for six days later!. .  Getting to town we had an awesome first night that consisted of all the debauchery Vegas is known for, however the second night had arrived we wanted to drop some cash on a nice chill dinner and a few drinks. Steak was on the menu and I had heard amazing things about Del Frisco's so we decided on on there. I can tell you I'll never consider another place when in Vegas.. . From the moment the cab door opened we were greeted with a big smile from the doorman who asked if we had a special occasion to celebrate. We said no just dinner and he responded with an offer to help us with anything we needed or just a cab ride after dinner. . . Once inside were greeting again with huge smiles from three beautiful hostesses who stated our 8:30 reservation would be ready at, well 8:30. However seeing as we were early we were welcome to have a few drinks at the bar while we wait. No problem. The bartenders, although busy, were plenty attentive and very polite asking how we were and where we were from ect ect. Again huge smiles from everyone and let me repeat EVERYONE. I was shocked at how the employees could keep smiling the whole time. Definitely missing from most businesses these days.. . After a few minutes were were led to our table where we were waited on by Heather. If you go there and shes working, ask to sit in her section. Seriously she was amazing! No disrespect to anyone else because Ive yet to experience their customer service but Heather was nice, informative, attentive, genuine and was always checking on us without annoying us. She filled us in on the specials and recommended the 16oz bone in filet which my cousin and I both decided on. Sides were lobster mac and cheese and the chateau potatoes. BOOMSAUCE. Everything was on point. The steaks were juicy and flavorful and still piping hot when the arrived at our table. Cooked to perfection and just how we asked. The lobster mac and cheese was creamy, cheesy and mouth watering and now I'm mad I cant eat this all the time!! Chateau potatoes were very good with a hint of cayenne pepper for spice. Right up my alley. Now Im no steak connoisseur but Ive had my fair share of meals at fancy shmancy restaurants and I always order steak. This was the best Ive ever had. Done and done. Dont even get me started on the VIP martini which I kindly asked Heather to "keep em coming". They must put crack in the drink or something because I couldnt stop drinking them. The best martini Ive ever had. . . Full and fat I still felt the need to submit to my sweet tooth and heard the seven layer lemon cake was good! Oh sooooooooo great! The cake was moist and sweet, lemon was tangy and amazing. I couldnt finish it but I reeeeeeally wanted to. . . After dinner I needed change so I went back to the bar where the same bartenders who were working earlier asked how the meal was and how long we were in town. Again, this is something that stood out to me. The attention and service at Del Friscos is second to none. Ive never received service like this and its THE MAIN reason Ill be coming back on every Vegas trip I make. A new tradition has been born. Thank you staff and especially Heather for making us feel welcome and filling our stomachs with top notch food and drink!
This place is the bees knees!  Went here for a bachelor party and had a great time.. . Our server Chris, took good care of us during the dinner and was very attentive to our requests.. . The lobster mac & cheese was awesome... wasn't overly cheesy like kraft mac and cheese and the lobster was abundant and not overcooked.. . I ordered the Double Eagle, a 22oz  steak.  It was cooked exactly what a Medium should be.  There was just enough fat to make it tasty and not overly fatty.  It was a good cut and full of flavor.. . My knife was cutting it w/o any effort as it was like butter.. . The wine we had ordered was the perfect pair with the steak.. . I have been to a lot of steakhouses (flemmings, morton's, maestro's) but I'd have to say this place was one (if not) the best steakhouse I have ever been to.. . It was a great way to celebrate my buddy's end of bachelorhood!
Best steakhouse in Vegas!. . My boyfriend & I went to Del Frisco's recently for a celebratory dinner. . Our server, Biff, was awesome! He was VERY knowledgeable of all the items on the menu. He even went out of his way to find the best wine for my taste. He recommended a pineapple martini that they make there by soaking pineapple for some time in Vodka- it was GREAT. I ordered a filet "Oscar style" with some sides and a crabcake. Everything was great, especially the crabcake! There is only one place in my hometown that ive tasted a crabcake even close to that good. Its  MUST TRY. Even the bread they serve at the start of the meal was wonderful. Overall, that was my best dining experience in the 4 years I've lived in Vegas. The service was top notch. Our server was very attentive, always making sure our food wasout on time and that we had everything we needed. Here's a breakdown of what we ordered:. . *VIP signature drink- this is a pineapple martini. The pineapple is soaked in vodka for a while before its made into a martini. Wow is all I can say!. *Bread loaf- this sounds silly but their bread loaf is freshly made and delicious! It's served with a whipped butter. We even took ours to go lol.. *Del's salad- your basic dinner salad w/ two slices of bacon on top. Nice start. . *8oz Filet Mignon "Oscar style" - perfectly cooked, tender, juicy, amazing!. *Crab cake w/ Cajun lobster sauce - possibly the best crabcake I've ever had. The sauce was a nice pair to it. . *Garlic broccoli (special that night)- Brocolli florets w/ fresh garlic. Simply yummy. . *Spinach supreme- creamed spinach w/ bits of bacon I believe. My boyfriend loved this. . *Strawberry Cheesecake- this cheesecake was different than any one that I've had before. It was more of a "whipped" cheesecake. Although I was stuffed, I snuck in some bites, it was good. . . Anyone who is living or even visiting Vegas must try this place! And if Biff is available, request him. His excellent service made our dinner perfect.
Got there on a Saturday night around 6:50pm We were seated right away. Heather was our server. She was amazing! The food was great. I had the filet and it was perfect. The lobster mac and cheese was also very good. I would definitely go back. I have been to many steak houses in Las Vegas and this and Capital Grill are by far the best.
Del Frisco is the sh*t for steak in Vegas.  Two words...wagyu steak.  . . Food that I tried:. Tuna tartar. Very good. Think of ceviche with steak and add little bits of egg white.. . 32 oz wagyu steak on the bone.  Holy crap this was big and so good. . . Lobster Mac and cheese.  Ditto . . Sauteed mushrooms.  Good. As expected. . . Lemon cake. Ok. . . Wine.  Try the Robert Foley Robert Griffin California Red.  2009.  Very good and smooth. . . Service. Exceptional.  Ask for Jeff. . . Vanilla and truffle cigar. Enjoyable. . . James Bond table. Impressive.
I was in Vegas with 9 of my friends for a bachelor party.  The groom to be wanted to have steak dinner one night, I did some research prior to arriving in Vegas.  After looking through numerous sites for all the steak houses in Vegas, Del Frisco received the highest marks.  . Our dinner was on a Saturday night, and I didn't make the reservation until the morning of, and they had no problem taking us in that night for a table of 10.  (I think we didn't have any issues because our reservation was at 9PM)  When we arrived for our reservation, they send us to the bar for a few minutes to get our drinks before dinner, after a couple of minutes; the hostess came by and led us to our table.  We sat in the back corner in the main dining room, the lighting wasn't too bright or too dim, and the ambient was tastefully done.. Our servers (we had 3 for our table) were very attentive; the main server recited the specials thoroughly, his recommendations were on point.  Most servers in most restaurants usually recommend the highest price item on the menu, but he did not.  He recommended a red wine that was perfectly balanced with our meal, at $100 per bottle, we ordered 3 for the table, and that was enough for dinner since we will be doing most of the damage later that night.. We started off with their crab cakes for appetizer, it was delicious, and I was looking for more after I devoured my in two bites.  I believe everyone else was doing the same thing.  Chopped salad was next, it was very tasty, good pallet cleanser before the main course.  . Our main course was phenomenal, everyone's steak was cook perfectly, they will not leave the table until you cut into the center to make sure it's to your satisfaction.  I had the 8oz fillet special cooked medium rare, melted in my mouth, perfectly balance with the sauce that was on my plate, it also came with 2 shrimp, but the star was definitely the fillet.  I get a chance to taste some of the other steaks, they were equally excellent.  For the side dish, make sure you ORDER the LOBSTER MAC and CHEESE, and be sure you ordered more than 1, because you will be looking for more after your first serving.  We did not have room for dessert, everyone was stuffed.. If you are looking for a good steak house in Vegas, this is a must, everything I had was delicious.  TWO THUMBS up!
WOW!!. Never had i been to a steak house where the steaks are as big, juice, and delicious as the one I had here at Del Frisco's. The service was spectacular, and all together an AMAZING place to find the best steak.
Just returned from a boys trip to Vegas where Del Frisco's was on the agenda as always.  We had 12 of us in the private wine room (which is a fantastic private room if you are looking for such) for the 6th straight year and as with every visit the staff and food were spot on.  Steaks, fish, appetizers were all expertly prepared.  . . After a disappointing experience at the usually very good Prime at Bellagio the night before, I just had to make sure Del Frisco's was recognized for their execution.. . I've also eaten in the restaurant proper several times and have never been disappointed.
Phenomenal Steaks. There is a reason why of all the places in vegas.. this one pops up first on Yelp. It really is as good as everyone says it is.. . I had the bone in rib eye. super succulent. . . service here is very fast & attentive. I think i had about 4 or 5 different people to meet, greet & wait on my table.. . 5 stars. . (will update more later)
Let me make this a short one... Wagyu bone in ribeye was the best thing I ever ate in the protein category. It definitely was A+++ off the richter scale as far as really living it up
My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!! Great food and the best service Anywhere in this town.. The staff really want to make Sure your meal is Perfect- and always make me feel so welcome!! The singer/pianist is wonderful too. This reastaurant has the perfect blend of sophiscication and comfortable atmosphere!
Are you freakin' kidding me? The happy hour at this place has got to be one of the best deals I have had so far in this fair land of ours. $6 for each bar menu item!!! And I'm not talking about crappy tiny 1 oz. sliders but a huge, full-sized prime burger which was fantastic. Accompanying chips were also very tasty.. . Friend and I also got the crab cakes (not on bar menu), seriously one of the best around--little filler, all large chunks of crab meat, not the shredded meat crap. We also got the BBQ shrimp, fantastic. Scallops were good, not outstanding but good. I also threw in a strip steak and I don't know if it was just because I ate so much by that point or what but I thought it was good, not great.. . Also $6 drinks. Needless to say I had a few VIP martinis.. . Danger: sesame bread doesn't look appetizing at all but unfortunately we tried it and we were hooked. That's what did us in. It had a super crust on the outside and so soft inside and it was amazing. Totally worth blowing some carb calories on it. Really slowed me down by the time the strip came out.. . I am a buffet aficionado but will be hitting this place every time I am back in LV. Everything above except for the crab cakes and strip steak were on the bar menu.
Decadent from the 6oz filet, to the loaded baked potato, to the avocado dressing on the salad, to the most luscious lemon cake... Need I say more!  Btw matt is a phenomenal waiter...
Looking for steak dinner in Las Vegas? Skip the celebrity chef driven steakhouses in the hotels to this slightly off the strip restaurant. Located on Paradise Road, it is about 10 mins taxi ride from most of the hotels (we stayed at Palazzo which was about 1.5 miles away). We were a party of 11 people and they seated us in one of their many dining rooms with spacious seating and lighting. Service is quick and attentive, our water glasses never went below half full. Many at our table ordered the VIP cocktail - vodka and pineapples - and they said it was great. We ordered 5 crab cakes (2 entrees and 1 appetizer) to start off and these crab cakes is unlike any that you probably have tried or will try elsewhere - pan fried instead of battered and deep fried, almost no filler, pure crab meat chunks. Well worth the price. The table ordered various cuts / sizes of the steaks, from the 22oz prime ribeye to the double eagle, and all agreed that the steaks were well seasoned, cooked to perfection. We also ordered for sides the lobster mac and cheese (can taste lobster chunks), asparagus, potato au gratin, which were all good. When I made the reservations via phone, I told them it was for 3 peoples birthdays. At the end of dinner, they brought out 3 of their signature desserts with a candle on them to the table (desserts on the house) which was great service. Amazing staff.
We were served/waited on by at least 4 staff who were all very friendly, conversational and professional.  The food was excellent - filet mignon, asparagus, potatoes au gratin, banana bread pudding (must-have).  The ambiance was very classy, the live music was soothing and subtle.  The place is located in an office park just off the Strip on Paradise Road.  Will definitely go again next time we're in town.
Perfect food, unbelievable service. Don't hesitate to try this steak house!
Outstanding service and food.  The crab cake is a must!!  Ask about any steak specials and ask to see the James Bond table.  Unreal!!!
I've been here before. I wanted to take my wife to a really nice high end steak house. This is it. GREAT steaks. for bacon eaters please listen. They put 2 full slices of bacon on there steak house salad. its applewood smoked as well. They cook the steak as you order it. not we'll lets get close and see if they like it. its right on the money. The service is great. no issues what so ever. as for attire. I had shorts on. after all it was 104 outside. I think they want them to be nice at least. I did have a button up shirt. I can't wait to go back. it is pricey though. if you have the cash its worth it.
5/27/12. So we were scrolling through YELP and I wanted to find a great meatery...LOL and I'd always heard of Del Frisco's..on a whim, we decided to make reservations and away we went! . . LIke everyone else says..the service is seriously exceptional! The location was nice and decor was dark and moody...so needless to say the food photos came out totally dark...hahaha . . The house sesame bread was soooo good...my bf practically ate the whole loaf by himself! and he's not even a carb man...I ordered the VIP martini...and it had vodka infused with pineapples...and it was THE BOMB! Oh my goodness by far the best drink I had while in Vegas...even a month later I can't stop thinking about it! I'd go back just to have that drink again!. . We didn't really care what we had dinner wise...but their speciall was pretty enticing...$99 for a 3-course meal! You can't beat that! Had the filet and their crabcakes...which the bf also praised...it was one of the best he'd ever had..full of crab meat and not so bready like most other CC's...the steak was cooked to perfection and vegetables were tasty too! . . one of the most memorable dinners ever!  =)
So amazing!  We had the $99 menu with salad, 8oz filet, crab cakes, sides and dessert. Amazing deal and so worth it!  Food was absolutely delicious, everything was cooked to perfection, steak was mouth-watering and crab cakes were so meaty and tasty. The service was also great, the waiters were unbelievably attentive and the manager made a point of coming over to chat and make sure everything was okay.  We were driving so didn't get a chance to try the cocktails but hearing the waiter describe the VIP cocktail made me want to abandon the car and try it out!  Would 100% go back next time we go to Vegas! Don't think I could fault them on a single thing!
I was in Vegas for my 40th and I spent the night here. Absolutely perfect!! My group was treated wonderfully. The wine list is excellent and the food is top shelf! I was not supposed to eat bread (my diet) but screw the diet!! Their bread is great! O thought the Bond table was totally awesome!!
Had to try Del Frisco's after all the yelp reviews.. . Tried the deal they had for a 3 course dinner for two. It was amazing. Bone-in Fillet was cooked perfectly and all the food was excellent. Possibly one of the best steaks I  have ever had.. . Recommend it to everyone!
My new favorite steak house!. . Crab cakes. Lobster Mac and cheese. Cream spinach. Bone in Ribeye. . And a glass of the VIP. . . All great, will come back every time I am in Vegas.
Always a great place to get a PERFECT Steak.  And isn't that what you go to a steak house for?  Expensive, Yes.  Worth every Penny.  As for Kids, my 10 year old loves the place.  But she's used to going to high end restaurants.
Thank you Del Frisco for accommodating such a large, noisy, rowdy party at the last reservation time on a Friday night.. . Came here for my name twin's bday dinner and had an AMAZING meal. Wine, steak, potatoes, and good company are all the right ingredients to make a soul happy. . . I ordered a 6 oz filet, which was a nice portion and cooked to perfection. Juicy, flavorful (a little too flavorful on the crust but delicious nonetheless), tender, and literally melts in your mouth. The lobster mac n cheese was BOMB. Chunky pieces of meat and savory, creamy goodness. The potato au gratin was also very good; can't really go wrong with meat and potatoes. . . The bill came out to ~$70/person, which wasn't bad at all considering all the wine and sides we ordered for a party of 20+.. . It's a little ways off the strip but a WINNER in my book. Highly recommend.
The food was phenomenal! The steak was just a tad too salty but beyond that everything was awesome. We had a few waiters using the buddy system which made things soooo much easier and convenient for everyone. Our party of 11 had a wonderful time (5 of which were 4 and under). I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas!
Took my lady here for her birthday... And damn, I did a good job picking a place for dinner. Let me first start by saying. Exceptional service. Our waiter was helpful, attentive but not in your face, annoying. The food was some of the best I've had in Vegas, without the hassle of being on the strip. Crab cakes, lobster mac, potatoes and most importantly the succulent red meat we were served... Simply amazing. Can't wait to come back
I went to Del Frisco's with friends for my Birthday dinner.  All of the staff were very accommodating. I had to bring in a cake the day before our reservation and it was no problem.. . All of the food was amazing and top quality.  The filets were cooked and seasoned to perfection! We took advantage of the $99 special and it was worth every penny.  We enjoyed bread pudding and cheesecake along with our filet, crab cake, potatoes and the best creamed spinach I have ever tasted.  You also have to taste the Lobster Mac and Cheese!. . Our waitress was very attentive, sweet and genuine as were all the staff.  I can't wait to go back and just sit at the bar and have their signature pineapple martini!
Best steakhouse deal in Vegas.  Super classy, right off the strip, amazing steaks and sides, great service - and a dinner prix fixe menu that is the best deal in town.  My husband and I came here for dinner, it is his favorite place to come with "the boys."  There used to be a cigar room, but it is gone now.. . They advertise a set menu on their website and yelp, but not on their menu or at the location.  You have to ask for the menu, but it is really good.  You get a salad (all the good ones are available to choose from), a filet mignon with a crab cake, a side of your choosing and a dessertfor two people for $100.  That is basically half off.  Our server was very attentive, bread basket  and water glasses were always full, wine was brought out with dinner as requested, steak was cooked perfectly. . . I would definitely go back again, even without the amazing deal!
Unbelievable service and food!  An ABSOLUTE must!  Alexis and Jen were our waitresses; they were accommodating, hospitable, attentive, made great recommendations, and really made us feel like we were a high priority.  We will be back for more of the chocolate lava cake and banana bread pudding...though I admit they made a Jack Daniels bread pudding I wish would be put back on the menu.
There's just way too much food here! I made reservation for this stand alone restaurant located among all the business building off the strip of Las Vegas. The boyfriend and I came for the $99 power couple special. Regular price will burn a serious hole in my wallet. . . Anyways, so the special was a 3-course meal for each. I went for the Del's Salad, the 8 oz. filet and signature crab cake with Chateau potatoes for the side and banana bread pudding for dessert. The filet was a perfect size, don't be fool by the small number of ounces. The meal all together with their delicious loaf of bread was very filling. The Chateau potato, however, I could do without. My boyfriend got the Caesar salad, a 16 oz. Rib Eye (for an additional $10) with the signature crab cake with sauteed mushrooms for the side and strawberry cheesecake for dessert. It was such a huge slab of meat cooked to perfection and very tender. You can actually order any steak choice for the power couple special, it's just an additional to the individual $50. We also order the Lobster Mac and Cheese because there's no way I would go to a restaurant and not order mac and cheese. One of the better tasting mac and cheese and with REAL lobster pieces? How much better can it get? . . Service was more than attentive. We had three people serving us our sides at once. It... was... weird. I'm not used to having a server bring me my sides and then scooping some onto my plate before settling it down on the table. There was a server just to refill our water, another to clear our tables, another to bring us food, another to give us more bread, and our assigned server who comes around and asks if everything's good. SO MANY SERVERS! It was overwhelming. The boyfriend and I had a great meal. . . We self parked in the parking lot though they have valet. The valet just moves your car to a parking spot at the convenient lot right in front of the restaurant. No point in really doing valet, in my opinion. The restaurant does get full during dinner time so reservation is highly suggested!
Its a sad moment when you realize the you'll probably never eat a better steak than the current steak you are eating. That being said, this was the best steak by far I've ever had. . . The restaurant ambiance is very romantic. Softly lit dining rooms and extremely professional waiting staff. I don't remember our waiters name, but he was also amazing. . . I got the tomahawk cut Wagyu beef cooked medium. Amazing, perfectly seasoned and melted in your mouth. . . It's on the expensive side, but I'm willing to pay good money for the best (insert food name here) i've ever had.
By far, THE best steak I have had in my entire life. The service was PHENOMENAL! Every restaurant should be like this one when it comes to service and attentiveness. . . While it might be a tad on the expensive side, I can honestly say its worth every penny and more! . . I loved it so much that I am flying to Vegas just to eat at this place again for my birthday.
Hubby and I order calamari everywhere we go and Del Frisco's sure delivered an amazing dish.  The Calamari Shanghai appetizer was the best part of my meal!  It was absolutely fabulous.  Crunchy, sweet, tender, and delicious.. . The caesar salad was tasty and was a generous portion.  The sesame loaf was served warm with soft salted butter- you'd be amazed how many restaurants get that detail wrong but Del Friscos passed with flying colors!. . My filet duo was a daily special and was tasty although a bit chewy.. . The lobster mac n cheese was good if you like mild cheese flavour (I am a sharp cheddar girl myself so it wasn't much to my liking but that's a personal preference thing).. . Our server was Annamarie, and she was attentive and personal.  They do team service and they were all great.  Annamarie arranged for us to celebrate our occasion (Anniversary weekend) which was a lovely touch.. . My husband got the 26oz Double Eagle strip and he ate every bite.  . . Their lemon cake is amazing.  Huge and very home-made flavor.. . We'd definitely return.  Totally worth the short cab ride off the strip and we had no trouble getting another cab back to the hotel after dinner.
Awesome food! Fantastic service, our server Alana was great and our food was spectacular. Best steak in Las Vegas, hands down.
I have nothing to say but... OMG!!! yup... it's reall that good...
Good drinks and nice atmosphere. Had the scallops at the bar for an appetizer and they were excellent! Next time I'll be going for an entire meal instead of just happy hour.
Came here for the first time with a group of friends that I convinced not to dine at Gallaghers Steakhouse in New York New York Casino.. . Ordered the following:. . - Crab cake, this dish is a must have unless you are allergic to crab. Most crab cakes have quite of bit of breading which I do not like. Del Frisco's version has hardly at all, 95% is all CRAB!!!!! It was very tasty. Too bad it was quite pricey ($19) but you get what you paid for. I would definitely ordered it again.. . - Ribeye (16oz), tasty. No complaints.. . - Bone-in ribeye (22oz), tasty. No complaints.. . - Double Eagle Bone-in Strip (26oz), I normally order ribeye but I do like to try the restaurant's 'signature' steak. I was surprised that it was good. I am always afraid that a thick steak will not be cooked to my liking. I was glad I tried it but I miss the flavor and texture of ribeye. . . - Lobster mac & cheese, I was disappointed. Hardly any lobster. It might as well be called mac & cheese.. . - Asparagus, decent. No complaints.. . Service was great. Everyone was attentive and our waitress was knowledgeable and answered all my questions.. . Ambiance was nice.  I do wish it was a bit brighter. The lights was dimmed for a 'romantic' setting.. . My friends thanked me for dining here. They all said the steaks were much better than Gallaghers. We will be back!!!!. . One of the managers told us that they are looking to open a location in Southern California. I plan to make a reservation on opening night!!!!
Nothing more needs to be said........best steak in the United States!
The Double Eagle Prime Strip Steak was out of this world delicious.  Perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection.  It really just melted away in your mouth.  The crab cake was also really good.  I haven't had too many so I can't say how they compare, but it was so good I was cleaning up the sauce with the bread.  I did the dishwasher a favor as good as I cleaned up that plate.  Me and my girl shared the crab cake and steak in order to leave room for their famous lemon cake and am I sure happy we did.  We NEVER get dessert but we just had to try this one after all the reviews we read.  It really is worth all the hype and by far the best cake I've ever had!
This review is long overdue.  We celebrated by husband's 40th birthday here on 12/10/10.  There were 6 of us in our party & we were fortunate to have David as our primary waiter.  David definitely helped make the evening very special & exceeded my husband's high expectations about how we should be treated at a nice restaurant.  Even better - the food also exceeded our expectations - 4 had the filet & 2 had the mahi mahi.  My husband really likes chocolate lava cake, while they did not have this on the menu, David talked with the chef & came up with a similar option that was wonderful.  After our meal, the chef came out to greet us & ask how everything was - our response was awesome!  The special evening did not end there.David arranged for us to have pictures taken in their phenomenal wine cellar along with a tour.  It was definitely a special evening...we will return the next time we are in Vegas!
One word. Wagyu. Straight buttery beef. I didn't bother trying to eat anything else, but tasted some oysters and some delicious drinks. If you can drop the loot, you should eat here.
They have the best steak money can buy and the staff/service are fantastic.
The restaurant is about 10-15 mins away from the strip but it's very well-known in Vegas. . . The restaurant was really romantic. I totally fell in love with this place right when I walked in. We ordered the Crab Cake as an appetizer, and it was SO good! Probably the best Crab Cake I ever had. Wehad 3 rib-eyes and a surf and turf. The steaks were amazing. I think we had about 6-7 people serving us. We felt like a king or something haha. One of the waiters accidentally took my side dish away. When I found out, I asked the waiter and he said he will be right back. Guess what. He came back with the whole new mac & cheese and sauteed mushroom as a sorry. I was.."wow!" . . The food and the service were AMAZING! You won't be disappointed. I would highly recommend this place to all my friends and family.
WHAT? How did I not write a review for this place? . . I went this summer with 2 guy friends and my boyfriend. PUaha it was like a double date, kinda. We made the two guys also order the Power Couple Special with us and it was SUCH A GREAT DEAL and ridiculously good food. All the sides are good, just make sure everybody orders different ones! We didn't realize the side dishes would be family sized so ordered double of some items. . . My filet came out a little rarer than I liked and they were ok with it. They actually stood there and waited for us to cut into the meat first to make sure we liked it, then cooked it some more and brought it back out. Impeccable service and food, I love this place and I am definitely going back for seconds in November!
How did I forget to write a review for DF?  We came here for my birthday, and wanted a great steak. . . I know there are others out there that are a little better for a little more money, but I have always wanted to come here and just never made the time.. . The atmosphere and setting is very nice...very upscale and classy.  The service is outstanding as well....some of the best service we have had.  I also asked the hostess to make sure our wine selection came out with the Swarovski crystal flutes I just bought, and it was done without question and seemed happy to do so!. . To start, the crab cakes are one of the best things ever.  I HATE crab cakes....I don't like the breading taste, consistency, or whatever it is that in my mind dislikes CCakes, but I tried some and wish I ordered more.  These are so good, and don't taste anything like a regular joe shmoe CC that I have ever had....in a good way.. . The sides were also amazing.  We had the mac and cheese and mashed potatoes...both super scrumptious.. . On to the important stuff...the meat!. . Went with the bone in ribeye...and the bone in filet mignon.  Both were excellent cuts, super tasty, and had a nice crusty sear on the outside packed with flavor.. . Since these meats aren't aged, they aren't fair to compete with some of the better steaks in vegas, but what is nice, is their rub/seasoning...much more rich and diverse.. . Either way, I think you will have an excellent time here!
Great steaks!  Great Seafood.  Great Drinks.  Great Ambiance!
Oh man. I got a gift certificate to this place for doing some pro-bono work and almost sold it... let's just say that would have been a huge mistake.. . I'm not exactly a steak connoisseur, but I will say that Del Frisco's served me one of the best filet mignons I've ever had. My girlfriend and I split the filet mignon trio. If memory serves, one was paired with a scallop, one with a cheese that I forget the name of, and one was topped with sauteed salmon. Each of those was better than just about any other steak I've ever had.. . Service gets high marks, too. Our server was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and also took some time to chat with us about mixology bars in the area.. . Highly recommend that you getchu some steak here.
Easily one of my favorite go to places.  With the dark wood walls it feels very intimate and they have an awesome wine selection.  But really it comes down to their food.  All their dishes that i've ever had were perfectly balanced.  The free loafs of sesame bread are to die for when they are warm (which is always)  They bring the food out appropriatly and it has waiters that really know what they are doing.  Totally great. . . GET THE BANANA BREAD PUDDING!  best desert i've had in town...and i've got an overactive sweet tooth.
This is THE best steakhouse in town without doubt.  Tried them all, Strip Steak #2.  Our group enjoyed filet, bone-in filet, strip steak.  All cooked to perfection.  Au gratin potatoes, creamed spinach to die for.  Outstanding wine list -magnum of Neal cab just right this night.
Got the bone in rib eye ($55).  I asked for it medium rare.  It was cooked perfectly and came out piping hot (not sure they let it rest).  Either way it was delicious.  Potatoes Au Gratin were a real treat.  One of the better sides I have had here in Vegas.. . Once you get into the top ten Vegas steak houses it is difficult to find things to complain about.  I would say what stood out to me here was the atmosphere.  It was very friendly and I felt very welcomed even being a solo eater(here on business).  That being said, I feel that Del Frisco's had less options than some of the other steak houses but that would not deter me from coming back!. . Recommend!. . Great Atmosphere!
Excellent food and service. An overall wonderful experience. An old favorite that never has a bad day.
An amazing experience. You get what you pay for and from beginning to end, the care and attention given to us as guests was stellar. . . The steaks are a must.
One of the best restaurants in las Vegas.  I've been going to Vegas for 20 years with a group.  We always do a nice dinner somewhere.  I found Del Frisco's last year using YELP and was so glad we did.  The service is impeccable and the food is fantastic.  This place blows away Ruth Chris, Delmonico, and Smith & Wollensky.  It is slightly better than Center Cut (Flamingo), The Range (Harrahs), Mesa Grill, and the Palm.  If you have tried any of these places you will have a better experience at Del Frisco's. I can't wait to go back to Vegas.  Our server reported they might be bringing one to Chicago. I will be so excited.
I do not believe in god. But I do believe in Steak. There is only one other place that I have had a steak that rivals Del Frisco's but that is a different review. I recommend a special I was fond of years ago that is not mentioned anymore, but they are willing to make for you if you ask for it. It is 3 pieces of Filet (about 3 ounces ea.), each cooked to your preference and topped with 3 different sauces. 1) is a cream sauce with crab, 2) is a butter truffle sauce (my favorite) and 3) (I cannot remember, go find out weirdo).. I also usually order a side of something green and 99% of the time it's the butter, sauteed broccoli.. The wine selection is great and the bar is very good. Tip the piano player, tip the excellent service and before you leave, ask about the secret JAMES BOND TABLE (it's so frakn cool)!
Excellent dinner experience. Food and service was very good.
Excellent place to take that someone special!!
Best steakhouse in Vegas. My wife and I come here almost everytime we are in Vegas and it is always amazing. We have tried all of the other top steakhouses on the strip but this place is much better with out the over doneness of the casinos and they dont rip you off. . Steaks are always cook perfectly and their sides are great.
Happy hour from 5-6:30, mon-fri. $6.50 cheeseburgers, $4.50 cocktails.
Birthday dinner for the gf and another couple.  We were all speechless.  It was the best thing we ate all week.. . Incredible service, incredible food, great atmosphere.. I got the triple threat thing with 3 cuts of meat with 3 different toppings.  This was...orgasmic.. . You get what you pay for indeed.  Beginning to end.
There are a lot of steak houses in Vegas, and especially on the strip..... but if you meander just a little bit off the strip you'll find this hidden Vegas gem.  To start, this is not a Vegas restaurant.  It's a small chain that has a few spots around the country.  But this is a great spot to have one on the West coast.. . Del Frisco's is a very classy/trendy place that won't scrutinize if you're not dressed up.  I would recommend that you dress up at least business casual.  It's kind of nice to do so.  When you walk in you hear the live piano player.  I think he gives the place a special ambiance.. . Onto the food..... to start, the bread that they give you is NOT your ordinary bread.  This is freshly made in-house, light, airy, and sesame-seedy goodness.  Honestly, you could eat one whole one yourself and not ruin your appetite.  Get more than one.  Trust me.. . Steaks are at the level of the top steak houses on the strip, but just a little more oomph in flavor and tenderness.  Hot recommendation is the bone-in rib eye.  But the last time I went I shared the Kobe waygu.  I think it was a 32 oz steak.  Definitely big enough for two.  If it's you and your girl, get one steak, order a side of veggies, maybe their lobster mac n' cheese or potatoes.... and you'll be in heaven.. . Ask them to show you their James Bond wine box.  It's pretty cool.  But you HAVE TO ASK!!!!
What a treat, I have never been so impressed with a steak house since dining at Peter Lugar's in NY. Their wet aged steaks are cooked to perfection and have a unique taste that rivals Mastro's.  I shared both a rib eye and and A bone-in filet and was blown away by the texture, flavor, and quality of the meat. Every bite was consistent. Next time I am in town i am having dinner at D.F. If you are a steak enthusiast, you will be impressed. Don't pass this place up.
Very big portions, very attentive service, and very delicious, excellent cuts of steak.. . I had a bone-in filet cooked to medium rare perfection. The lobster mac n cheese and asparagus were our sides. They are family style portions, and given the richness of everything you'll be having, you won't need more than two or three sides for a party of four (and you'll have leftovers, too).. . The portions in general are very "classic steakhouse" big. I also had a wedge salad, which was not too heavy on the dressing and everything was fresh as you'd like.. . The wine list is HUGE and there are plenty of selections at all price points. My wife and I split a half bottle (next to last page). . . My brother pointed something out about the prices. While this place is not cheap, it seems that similar quality steak, salads, sides, and appetizers cost about 20% more on The Strip. . . The piano featured some familiar hits including Bobby Brown's "Don't Be Cruel." Make sure to ask to see the James Bond table because it's truly unique.
Phenomenal food and service. Filet mignon trio was perfectly cooked and tender. Crab cake and lobster mac and cheese had a delicious taste and texture. The sommelier gave us a great wine choice, and our server Anna was friendly and attentive. I am pretty jaded by Vegas dining, where you find a lot of pretty good food for astronomical prices. Del Frisco's was a splurge that was worth the price.
I will never again come to Vegas without visiting Del Frisco's! Everything we had redefined what we thought we knew about the items we ordered. To start we ordered the crab cake & the calamari. Something about how both were fried created this shell of crispy, golden, goodness... plate scrapingly good. The calamari was drizzled in some sort of spicy sauce that I could only hope was bottled somewhere that I could buy cases of. . Entrees  were shared among us and boy were we glad to do so... we challenged the Tomahawk & largest Lobster tail they offered. Those two entrees w/ the appetizers were enough for 4 people! Our goal was to eat and be comfortable w/out having leftovers. Mission accomplished except for the fact that we were stuffed! Stick a fork in me cause I surrender! I'm a fan for life. If I were a polygamy practicing Mormon, Del Frisco's would be my #2!!!
Never a disappointment.  Sunday we came here to celebrate our 8 year anniversary.  When making the reservation ...they always ask if we are celebrating a special occasion.  When we got there, it seemed the whole restaurant knew it was our anniversary because a few random employees came to our table to wish us happy anniversary.  A little special touch I must say.. . We ordered the shrimp cocktail-it was delicious!  I cant say enough about the bread.  I know its a steak house and Im talking about the bread.  Sesame loaf fresh out of the oven.  I wanted to take some home!!!  To die for.   We both ordered the filet with the lobster mac.  The filets cooked perfectly and melted in your mouth.  The mac (a shared side) a little on the flavorless side.  Definitely needed salt.  We were so full and then here came this big piece of lemon cake on the house for -thats right-our anniversary.. . The only thing I can say after this wonderful experience is when we were leaving we asked the valet guy to take our picture-for our anniversary.  He seemed very disinterested and took a couple blurry shots with no care how they turned out.  I know thats not his job but we weren't interupting him and a little customer service as we left would have been nice.  Oh well.  ...and if you are asking yourself if we valeted our car, the answer is no. LOL There is plenty of parking right in front-It was a Sunday night remember. ;). . Always recommended and for the price it is a definite "special occasion place"....we don't go there too often but when we do we are glad we did.
Had diner here 2 weeks ago with my wife and it was one of my top 3 dining experience's! We both ordered cocktails and they were nice and strong. They started us off with some delish bread and butter that I swore I was only going to taste..yea right we ate the whole thing! We then ordered the calamari app and it was incredible. If I wasn't in public I would have licked the plate clean. We then had the fillet's with crab cakes and sides of mashed and creamed spinach. Every aspect of the meal was spot on and to top it all off our server was absolutely incredible. I've already told all my friends and family about the place and can't wait to go back!
Consider this a limited review but all signs point to an excellent steak house.. . While I was visiting Del Frisco's for a special event, it was suggested I order a dish. While my experience there was limited by my single menu choice, the food was excellent, the staff friendly and attentive. . . Initially, I had the opportunity to witness the management and staff interaction both at the function and with other customers, and later interact with some of them as well, as the event progressed, again, impressed with their focus on the patrons and food.. . On a light note - generally known to be acutely aware of my surroundings, I did not have a clue that there was a live piano player there for some 15 minutes or so. I thought the smooth sounding songs were piped in, but far from it, live and upbeat.. . The feel of the steak house was right on target in every dimension.. . And the location is easily accesible on Paradise near Sands/Twain.
Del Frisco's is definitely the place to be if you're looking for a great steak. Their bone-in ribeye was one of the best ones I've had. The service is outstanding (from the time I made the reservation with Kate, to the moment I walked in the restaurant and until the time I left) so kudos to the whole staff. My server Travis was not only friendly and attentive but very knowledgeable of the menu. Very impressed with the service here. When Travis asked how I'd like my steak cooked, he went the extra mile to say that "their" medium rare is red in the center and medium is pink. Most restaurants I go to won't even bother.  . . I like the fact that they want to make sure the steak is cooked to my liking by having me cut through the middle. I was hoping to try the Asparagus soup that was pictured here on Yelp somewhere but that must be a seasonal offer so I ended up getting the Seafood soup which turned out to be very good. I am a big fan of banana desserts so naturally I went for the Banana bread pudding but that was just was ok, I have had better. Despite the dessert not being outstanding, overall though, I still would rate this place a 5 star.
Amazing food.  Fabulous service.  A bit off the strip but definitely worth it.
pricy but worth every penny. the filet is to die for... and you have to pay for sides too!!!!
Went to Del Frisco's based on the reviews on Yelp. Spot on as we had a wonderful meal. Two members of our group had the filets and they were exactly as ordered, medium rare. One member of our group had the rib-eye also medium rare. He said he was full after about half of the steak but by the end of the meal the whole thing had been eaten. When asked about where it all went, he told us that it was so good he just couldn't stop himself. The fourth member of our group had the lamb chops. They were fantastic, perfectly cooked and so wonderful that the only thing left was the bones that the chops were on. Sides were flavorful, dessert was just right. The table split a piece of their fabulous lemon cake. Perfect balance of sweet and tart with a lightness to the cake itself that capped a wonderful meal. The staff was attentive, friendly and solicitous. Water glasses were constantly refilled but you never felt the hovering presence of wait staff. When we needed something, there was always somebody at the ready. Recommended without reservations.
The best steak in Las Vegas. When I asked for as rare-as-legally-possible they delivered! The service was OUTSTANDING, the scotch menu was superb, and the steak was so good you'd eat it as your last meal. The sides are a class all their own with the lobster mac-n-cheese taking the top prize in the flavor department. I couldn't possibly have enjoyed myself more than I did while eating here and look forward to returning!
This place is really amazing. After a disapointing Vegas steak experience at Golden Steer (see my review) we decided to check Del Frisco's out on our next trip. We were very glad we did!  The service and staff were impeccable, friendly, knowledgeable, competant and most important: friendly..(did I mention that once already?). . . Now the food..AMAZING. The steaks are incredible, perfectly cooked and flavorful. My medium Filet Mignon was perfect pink, swimming in natural juices, and tender enough to cut with a fork..it was carnivore heaven. If that isnt enough their hot bread and butter is to die for!! Also, their desserts are incredibly scrumcious. I had their signature lemon cake and it is the best I have  ever had. I am quite the lemon connoisseur and even I was blown away.. . This place truly cares about giving a great experience and backs it up with its amazing food. My highest carnivore recommendation!
This was probably the second best steak I've ever had, yet I was super impressed with the restaurant as a whole. To Frisco's defense the best steak I ever had was a 12oz Buffalo Ribeye....I know, I know. I loved how this place was just off the strip allowing us to truly enjoy the atmosphere and have a nice quiet conversation. . . I have to give a nod to our Server. This guy knew more about the menu, specials and drinks than anyone on the planet. This place truly requires their servers to be on top of their games. No stoned waiters here. He walked us through the menu and described everything that was done to the steaks to include the sides. I ended up opting for the Filet Trio and it was epic. The steaks were cooked to perfection as well as the scallops and shrimp that topped my beef. I'm not usually a filet guy but these things were worth the hefty price tag.. . Now I know drinks usually come first but somehow this treat slipped my mind. We ordered their house cocktail which has their pineapple infused vodka and an ingredient or two that I can't remember. But this nice and light drink paired well with my heavy, strong flavored filets. If you're looking for classy steak meal without the Strip vibe than this is the place for you.
One of the best steaks I have ever had! Move over mortons, Ruth Chris, Jean George, and even Carne Vino.
We went here for my fiance's birthday and it was a really great meal/experience.  I felt like the waiters were overeager to please at times which could be awesome or could just get annoying.  For some reason I felt awkward with their attentiveness and rejected it (kinda shooed them away).  My fiance and I shared some couples special that involved crab cakes and filet mignon.  He is allergic to shellfish so we asked that the crab cakes be on a separate plate.  They forgot or whatever.  It wasn't a big deal and I moved them myself (and then they noticed and felt so bad).  I had the bread pudding.  I think I now have an obsession with bread pudding.  It was so rich/delicious/awesome.  Yummm. . . At the end of the meal the waiter asked if we wanted cigars.  I am not sure if he meant to buy or for free - really odd.  We declined either way.  . . The steak was cooked (nearly) exactly as we ordered it and they have you cut into it to make sure.  I said something about it being a little pink and the waiter nearly forced me to send it back.  I had to force him to let it go.  It was really great and the sides we ordered (I recommend the mushrooms with some sort of garlic sauce as a side) were fab too. . . So overall, the food was delicious. The waitstaff was happy to please.  The experience was positive and my fiance enjoyed his birthday meal.
I have been to a lot of restaurants.. and a lot of steakhouses.. and Del Frisco's takes the prize for both favorite restaurant and favorite steakhouse!. . I first visited last year and was very impressed but wasn't sure if we just lucked out.  You know what I am talking about, a "hit & miss" restaurant, you "hit" on your first visit, get really excited to go back only to get a horrible "miss" the next time.  I am happy to report Del Frisco is not such a restaurant!  I just visited again last week, and it even exceeded my already high expectations from my first visit.. . Things I have had so far:. . Appetizer: Crab Cake - take a note from Nike, and just do it.  It's epic.  The sauce they place it in is absolutely incredible and it doesn't have all that BS breading most places have.  On my second trip there was no way I could pass up having this delicacy again, so we ordered it again and were very very pleased.. . Entree: Filet Mignon - Medium Rare.  They cooked it PERFECTLY.  We noticed they have Crab Cakes on the entree menu and I think the next time we would split the Crab Cake Entree and the 12 oz filet for a real treat.  I am really not going to get to try the other items due to my high satisfaction with the ones we have already tried.. . Dessert: Bread Pudding & Yellow Cake.  Both incredible, but when it comes to desserts I am going to give that prize to Eddie V's and their Banana Foster.. . Drinks: Have tried their specialty cocktails and wine, service and taste were great on both.. . Service:  They make you feel like you are the only table in the restaurant.  I also like that it's not as stuffy as most steak houses, the staff is very down to earth.. . Ambiance: They even get high marks here, they have live classy music playing throughout dinner.  I  think of going to Vegas just to eat here again!!  . . 10/10
The phenomenal service of the staff was only surpassed by the phenomenal food.  We had attentive service without being intrusive. Cozy and friendly atmosphere. . . Definitely will go back again.
I was absolutely amazed by the service and the food. I can't think of one bad thing to say . The lobster macaroni was amazing and so was the crab cake. Everything was made with fresh ingridents. It was easy to get a reservation and everyone was very friendly!!!
If its quality you want and money is no object. . . let me just save you a lot of time         "just book it ". . a lot more older croud then id like but hey who drops 1200-1400 on 4 ppl and a few bottles of wine old people.  and they make a night of it    not like us hit and run in a limo .     i honestly am trying to remember more but my circuits are fried
My favorite steakhouse in town. If its quality your looking for then you must go to Del Frisco's. The filet mignon is undeniably delicious, juicy, tender and full of flavor. The lobster tail is cooked to perfection and literally melts in your mouth. We have ordered the steamed broccoli, asparagus, the potatoes and the Mac and cheese and have never been let down. We always start off with a VIP, which is pineapple that they have soaking in vodka, it's so delicious, it has just the perfect amount of sweet to offset the vodka. It's not overwhelming with sugar it's a perfect blend. For dessert we always order the creme brulee, and they flambe that sucker to perfection. Writing this review is giving my mouth a serious case of the wateries. The restaurant itself is classy and clean and the service has always been excellent.
While in Vegas on business, had the opportunity to dine here....glad I did!  We had a group of seven who were all raving by the end of the evening (raving as in a good thing, mind you).. . I ordered a 20oz porterhouse - one of the more intrepid in our group ordered a 40oz porterhouse....(heart attack waiting to happen, one would think).  We all ordered different veggies, and we had various wines open around the table.. . The steaks were all cooked absolutely perfectly.  The veggies were awesome (so the group says...I stuck with a perfect baked potato with all the trimmings).  . . The wait stuff were absolutely stellar - almost, but not quite, to the hovering effect.  Wines stayed full, dishes were cleared immediately, and all of this without disrupting conversation.. . Overall, probably one of the top three steak experiences I've had in Vegas.  Recommended.
Perfect for a special occasion.  Excellent service, the steaks were delicious.  The pineapple VIP cocktail alone was worth the trip but you must try the lemon cake.
I had such a great time at Del Frisco's. For starters, we never ran out of the sesame bread. Every time we were down to the last bite, out came a hot loaf. The staff was enthusiastic, knowledgable, and very interactive. I took advantage of their special for the night, the bone-in filet. Cooked rare, warm and red in the center, perfect! For sides, we had lobster mac and cheese and sauteed mushrooms. Both were like phasers set on yum! After gorging on food fit for royalty, it was time for dessert. Split three ways, we had the lemon doberge cake and the creme brulee. The cake was the perfect consistency, and although some at my table thought that the cake could use more lemon flavor, I thought it was just the right amount of tang. Finally, I happened to order a Jack Rose, unfortunately, they didn't have the necessary ingredients. Much to my amazement, the bartender concocted his own drink which was similar, but just as tasty. All in all, Del Frisco's gets a WooHoo from me.
Stone crabs and the crab cakes appetizers rock! The staff are really on top of their game. The filet was excellent and I love the sauce that they put over it. Overall a great experience. Highly recommend.
I was originally introduced to Del Frisco's years and years ago in Denver, and really, really enjoyed it.  But alas, at the time, they didn't have anything closer than Denver (and as good as they are, going to Denver from LA is a bit much).. . I was very happy to see that they are now in Vegas (still a ways from LA, but closer).  And I was just as happy to see that the quality of the food and service is consistent.. . 5 stars because they had my "most favorite" cut, the bone-in filet, off menu, for my visit.  Prepared beautifully.  A great experience.
Another great Del Frisco's! Food is excellent and so is the service. The steak and crab cake were superb, but they saved the best 'till last; the bread pudding! Highly recommended.
Steaks were amazing.  Had the bone in filet mignon, and it was very good.  Service was excellent.  Most steakhouses leave the sides on the table to serve it yourself.  Here they bring extra staff to serve the sides to each guest before they leave it on the table.  Great restaurant!
The best steakhouse PERIOD!  Service, relaxed, non pretentious, informed, well mannered staff.  The quality of the meats and seafood are second to none!  I've been to numerous steak houses throughout the country and not one comes close!!  My personal favorite: bone in filet!  Bon appetite!
Came here for a bachelor party dinner.  Incredible is about all I can say.. . Service:  Excellent. Ambiance:  Excellent. Drinks:  Excellent. Food:  FANTASIC. . I've had Ribeye and the Filet here, both were amazing.  The seafood appetizers were a little pricey but worth every penny.  They could probably start a separate restaurant just serving their lobster mac & cheese and I think it would do pretty well all by itself.  I think we ended up ordering 5 servings total, it was that good.
Wygu tomahawk steak was awesome. Will be back for more.
Good Stuff- Very precise and warm place
Best service, ever!!!  I felt like the moment they asked if we needed anything or when we were done with something, 3 or 4 waiters were there in a quickness to accommodate.  . . We had the 32 oz wagyu tomahawk ribeye, and I have to say, it was a heavenly cut of beef.  So delicious!  Our sides were the lobster Mac and cheese, sauteed mushrooms, and their version of mashed potatoes (chateau potatoes).  My fave was the lobster Mac and cheese.  Actually, it became my fave side dish, ever!  From any of the restaurant side dishes I've ever had. My husband loved the chateau potatoes.  . . The lemon cake was superb!!  I'm craving that nowww!
Had an amazing dinner last night celebrating my birthday. Food was amazing and their service exceeding my expectations! Will not mis a chance to go back here on my next trip to Las Vegas.
While the food here is beyond amazing, the real star at this restaurant is it's wonderful staff. We were in town celebrating our 2 year anniversary and not only did they give us a very sweet card, but literally every staff member that came to our table told us Happy Anniversary! Our waiter could not have been nicer or more lovely to talk to and even took us on a little tour of the restaurant's wine room after we had finished our meal. . . The food at Del Frisco's is insane. I ordered the Crab cakes and they were so delicious! The Cajun sauce they are served on is to die for. My boyfriend had the Porterhouse and it was perfection! We chose the corn and famous lobster mac n cheese for our sides and were extremely happy with both, though we both favored the corn as it had more flavor. A nice surprise slice of their lemon cake was given to us at the end of our meal and while neither of us really even like lemon cake, we devoured it because it was so good!. . Yes, this place is a little pricey. You definitely get what you pay for here though because the service and the food are impeccable. Del Frisco's is definitely a must and absolutely worth the splurge!
Stellar.  This place outshines all Vegas eateries.  Don't plan to arrive and leave quickly.  Dinner is served slowly so it can be enjoyed.  A bit spendy but totally worth it!
highly upscale steakhouse, it is classy and romantic too. people have to go this place one in their life !!
We had dinner here last night''food is always amazing and the staff''''Awesome service!   The one BIG that that bothers me is the awfull sewer smell '''You can smell it as soon as you get out of your car and the smell lingers in the resturant:{. This is the only reason I would think twice about going again'' Sewer smell''yuck
Fantastic!  Great service. Bond table was a great addition.
My favorite steakhouse EVER! Best filet, mashed potatoes and salads ever! Did I say my favorite steakhouse EVER!
excellent service. we were promptly seated for our reservation. it was my moms birthday and i took the family out. i forgot what everyone got but i had the prime rib medium rare. it was more on the medium well, but still a very good steak. had some shrimp appetizers with different toppings. they brought out a complementary carrot cake for my mom's birthday. was very very rich. had a live pianist playing. was upset my favorite host wasnt there. =( next time monsey!
Great food. Great service.
Better food and service than the LV hotel "name" hot spots.  Our group tried several and liked this one best by far.  No view. No flash.  No attitude.  Just excellent menu, food, and service.  This one we would do again.
This is in one of the top ten best meals I have ever had. My wife and I agree we cant find a better steak in town. The service was impeccable and the restaurant spotless.Thanks for a fantastic evening Del Frisco!
One of the best steakhouses in the country - period!  It is very expensive, but when you are dining with clients or spoiling yourself to an amazing meal, this is the place.. . We dined twice last week - once with 6 people and once with 15 people during a convention, so I was able to try a bit of everything.  Everything is amazing.  . . Best appetizers: Chopped salad, calamari, crab cakes, onion rings.. . Best side dishes:  Lobster Mac n Cheese (I would eat just this all night long if I could!), Spinach supreme (to die for), cream corn.. . Best main courses:  Bone-in filet done medium or less is pretty much guaranteed to be the best thing you have ever eaten in your life.  It's about $65 alone so pricey is a given, but it is simply amazing.  I also recommend the bone-in ribeye, regular 8-12oz filet, and the shrimp scampi if you aren't in a meat mood. . . Best dessert:  Creme Brulee!. . You will likely need reservations, some nice clothes and a full pocketbook, but you will not leave disappointed or hungry as portions are quite large. Service is always phenomenal as well :). . Enjoy!
Came for my husband's birthday and we weren't disappointed! Some of the best steak I've had!! And the service was amazing which topped off a perfect night.. . -Crab Cakes: almost pure crab meat, so delicious. Recommend for two people to share as a appetizer. -Filet Mignon: So tender and juicy and just mouth wateringly delicious. The night we went, they offered a Mignon sampler. Three 4oz steaks prepared 3 different ways. AMAZING! Just outrageous! . -Dessert: Lemon cake! It was complimentary because it was my husband's birthday. It was good, but I don't know if I would pay $11 for it normally. It's a HUGE portion, so maybe make sure you have at least 4 people to share it with.
Started off with a house specialty cocktail--pineapple infused vodka martini.  Just right.  For dinner, a fantastic Porterhouse (cooked to perfection), preceded by a fabulous crab cake and ceaser salad.  As a side, asparagus.  I requested they grill it--no problem or hesitation, and the spears were charred but still slightly crisp, just as they should be.  Service was fantastic, from hostess to bus person, to waitperson.  Nice glass of Napa cab at a fair price and they even had my favorite desert--a Vintage Port (with a generous pour).  Highly recommend.  If you're looking for a cheap night out, however, don't bother with the drive.
I try with every ounce of my spirit to make it out to Del Frisco's whenever I'm in Vegas (and sometimes even subconsciously organize trips there for the sole reason of hitting it up) and my most recent visit last week did not cease to please me with the salty fatty goodness of a proper porterhouse seldom attainable in my hometown of SF. Most of the group went with the various filet mignon cuts offered (including a sampler special), and while I wasn't quite hungry enough to get the full double eagle (32oz), the classic porterhouse was done up just right, a red but not bloody medium, and delicious sides that are wholly unnecessary.. . Last time I was here was the first time I ate (and had room for) dessert -- we had the molten chocolate cake. Very decadent but not overdone, and served with a scoop of ice cream to play off the warm of the cake and provide light contrast visually and flavorfully. Nothing amazing compared to the steak, but nice to split if you are in the mood.. . Note: this place cooks their stake on the rare side, so usually it's a good idea to kick up your preferences by a point (i.e. get medium if you usually prefer medium-rare).
Travis, Chris and Tony made the excellent food and decor really sing in harmony. This was a flawless experience and the glasses were never empty and glances never ignored.
Had surf and turf and it was ridiculous! One best steaks I have had! And I have had a lot of steak at a lot of restaurants. Must go here if in area, I haven't ate at any of the other ones.
This place is amazing! We just wrapped our trade show and went out to celebrate! Looking for Ruth's Chris but stumbled onto this place. We weren't really dressed well enough for this atmosphere but everyone, from the valet to the manager made us feel right at home. Service was excellent and the salads, steaks and baked potatoes were incredible. Even staff just walking by our table would smile at us! I figured since we were in shorts and T Shirts we would get snubbed! Not here! This place gets 5 stars easily! It made our celebration that much better!! We will definitely make this restaurant a 'must go' on each visit to Vegas!
No complaints here. . . Group of 4 had bone-in ribeye, bone-in filet, and (2) regular ribeyes. Took a bite of others'... My bone-in ribeye was by far the best. It seemed like the ticker cut allowed the outside to be crispier while keeping the medium inside. Wife's thinner cut and medium-rare inside didn't have the same crispy sear. Lobster mac, and creamed spinich were both excellent and came in large portions.  . . I personally didn't think the lemon cake everyone raves about was all that, but the rest of the table seemed to enjoy it til it's death. . . 5 stars because it was the best steak I've had in many years. Service was excellent as well. . . They did show me the "Bond" table, but I was unimpressed.
One of my favorite steakhouses ( musashi ) just happened to be closed when I went. I was craving a steak and noticed that there was a steakhouse across the street called Del Frisco's. I usually do homework on restaurants before I go so I can have an idea of what to expect. Decided to just go and I was happy I did! The ambiance is great. The decor is modern and chic. The steak was amazing! They offered a 32oz bone in wagyu rib eye! I was in heaven! It was very tender and juicy! You can taste the quality of the meat with every bite! The service was great. Very attentive and polite and courteous. After dinner they asked how everything was and I said it was amazing. They asked for my address so they could thank me and remember to not forget about them.  A few weeks passed and I get a letter thanking me for trying them out and hoped I had a great experience. The letter was hand written and added such a touch of class to the restaurant that I will definitely be a returning customer from here on.
Let me start off by saying their crab cakes are AMAZING!! Me and my boyfriend celebrated our 6th year anniversary at this location and we both enjoyed our meal very much, but what really won us over were their crab cakes! Our waiter was very knowledgeable and recommended the porterhouse and ribeye which were both very good. The lobster mac and cheese was very filling and very tasty. Love the whole experience. Will be back!
Probably the best steak I've ever had!!!. . My sole purpose for this Vegas trip was to go to this steak house. And if you like steaks, then this place won't disappoint. Make reservations!. . Service here is top notch. My server Cinea was such a delight. She was very hospitable and ensured that my needs were taken care of. She even gave me some complimentary potatoes au gratin to compliment my steak.. . Again I probably ate the best steak ever. I ordered the 22 ounce, bone in rib eye. No additional seasonings besides the ones they already added were needed, but I oped for their special $5 truffle butter sauce. They have other butter sauces, but the butter sauce was just a bonus that made the steak extra special. Again, not needed but it made it more than spectacular.. . I finished that steak wanting more. Cinea mentioned about the 32 ounce Wagyu steak. Had I known about that earlier, I probably would have chosen that one instead ($90). . . Besides the main course, I also got the The VIP, their signature cocktail drink with pineapple juice. Tasted pretty good. The crabcakes were pretty awesome with the spicy sauce. Try dipping the complimentary bread on that sauce. Good stuff.. . For dessert, I got the Del Frisco's coffee which also has kahlua and some other sweet alcohol. And as for the banana bread pudding, it was rich and decadent. I couldn't finish it because it was pretty big, but highly recommended.. . On my next Vegas trip, I'm coming back, but this time I'm gonna try that 32 ounce Wagyu. If I'm in one of the other cities that has a Del Frisco's I'll be stopping by there as well.
Wow the 2nd best steak I've ever had.  Only behind the great Bern's Steakhouse in Tampa.  This is a bad thing, because I will never come to Vegas again without eating here.  A truly great steak is something special that you don't take for granted.  Once again folks get off the strip, and explore some of the best restaurants in town without the celebrity chef's name attached to it.. . I've had Del Frisco's bookmarked for a while now and the only thing that kept me away is that I found out it was a chain, so how good can it be?  There are lots of Prime Steakhouse chains and while they are all pretty good, they aren't really that special.  Well this chain is small, only 10 locations.  I hope they keep it that way to keep up the quality.  We decided to really give the place a try and went with their signature special steaks.  The 32 oz Wagyu Tomahawk Bone in Rib Eye ($90), The 16 oz Bone in Filet Mignon ($60), and the Filet Mignon 3 ways ($60).. . The 32 oz Wagyu just melted in your mouth.  I'm not usually a Rib Eye fan, but the marbling on the Wagyu is a beautiful thing.  I love steaks medium rare with a warm red center.  Our excellent server Tatyana, told us that the chef recommended going one degree more and ordering medium.  This way the excess marbling has a change to "melt" into the beef as it cooks.I read a few reviews, that complained about this steak being too fatty.  I'm guessing they didn't take the chef's advice.  When cooked properly a Wagyu steak's fat content has a wonderful texture to it that just blends perfectly with a beef.  This steak was pure heaven and like I said, the 2nd best steak I've ever eaten.  Yes it's expensive but, at 32 oz, big enough to share with others.  I would share this steak, before going with one of their regular steaks.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#QnGNcJnSUIKmtRx5-D5fOw. . The 16 oz bone in Filet Mignon, isn't one of their regular steaks.  It's a much higher quality Filet than the other steaks on the menu.  Again splurge for this steak or you are missing what makes Del Frisco's special.  Served right on the tail of the Porterhouse bone, it's awesome and you are getting a large filet as they don't waste too much of the weight with the bone.  It pairs very well with the Wagyu and you will be happy going back and forth between them. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#uUtykR97bd0p9_sMrBSkQw. . The Filet Trio, while nice, seemed fairly ordinary compared to the other two steaks.  The steak quality here was similar to other prime steakhouses, but were seasoned a little more boldly.  My favorite of the 3, was the Brie Filet.  Melt Brie on anything and it's a hit.  The Huge Broiled Shrimp was slightly over cooked, and the oscar while ok, wasn't to the level of the steak it's self. Each was a good size 4oz filet.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#7NRMtJHyxBEUaJLC7EB-QQ. . If you want insurance that your steak will be special, order a side of the truffle butter.  This is melted table side and is amazing.  It isn't needed for the Wagyu or Bone in Filet, but a few bites here and there didn't hurt.  It definitely brought the Filet trio up to another level, as well as the Potato Wedges that came with my daughter's cheeseburger. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#0pPPADGYUQ0GMgvAZjKMKg. . Speaking of the cheeseburger, it's prime ground beef and was well seasoned.  If you are in Vegas for a few days, it wouldn't be wrong to come back and sit at the bar and enjoy this big burger with a few tasty sides. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#PxzVgtdoc2OMmXJMGWB2mQ. . Of the 3 side dishes we shared, the Potatoes Au Gratin were the only one that really stood out.  So cheesy with a nice strong cheddar and perfectly cooked cubed potatoes.  It was everything the Lobster Mac & Cheese should have been.  Not cheesy at all and more like a Lobster Mac & Bechamel, pretty bland.  The Mushrooms nothing special either.. . Read way too many reviews not to share a slice of the 6 layer lemon cake with buttercream frosting.  It's big enough to share with a few people for sure.  Very moist and along with a dessert wine could be a great ending to a special meal. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#H2gQ4_Ti4oHafcxn3UH3lw. . If you are a steak lover, make sure you bump Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House high up on your to do list.  Bookmark now and you'll thank me later!
This is a no brainer review.  Go if you have an unlimited expense account.  One of the best Ribeyes I have ever had.  The sides were good.  Great wine list!  Go look at the Bond Wine Table!   Service was impecable!
One of the best meals we ever had.  Can't rave about it enough. The VIP martini was awesome. Rochelle was our waitress and she was great. Must try this restaurant if you are in Vegas. Not cheap though so bring a full wallet.
Del Frisco's is as good as it gets in my opinion.  . . With some serious dieting ahead of both Terri R and I, a weekend of cheat meals filled our calendar.  I have to be honest, I originally wanted Ruth Chris but they were booked this evening.  So, I ended up making reservations here solely based on other Yelper's reviews.  Great choice Mel! Pat myself on my back time. . . First of all, service was top notch.  It all started with the lovely and very nice, Priscilla.  From start to finish, she was delightful, helpful, and made our dining experience that much better.  Along with great service from Priscilla, we received the same type service from everyone serving the food.  This place is stacked with employees that go out of their way to make you feel like you and your date are the only ones in the restaurant.  Your unsightly empty dishes are swept away with the quickness and they even clean up around you with their handy dandy table swifters.  All this pampering during dinner and you wouldn't even notice it until they're gone. . Now for the food.  We got their Prime Pair, which is their $49 per person Prix Fixe. This is a special only running through Labor Day so hurry up peeps.  This is a great deal. . . Prime Par (Prix Fixe). 1.  Salads:  You get your choice of salads from their Del's, Wedge, or Caesar.  We both got their Caesar. Although it was good, it was a just a beast to eat since it wasn't chopped.  Terri worked her way through the salad and I didn't because I thought it was too much work. Not docking Del's because you don't go to a steakhouse and review their salad. . . 2.  Dinner Bread:  Nothing special here.  You get a loaf of their sesame bread.  For a place that serves quality food, the bread was less than average.  But again, you don't come to a steak house for bread.  . . 3.  The entree is an 8 oz hand cut Filet Mignon with your choice of crab cakes, shrimp, or scallops.  I had the crab cakes, which is drenched in lobster sauce.  My goodness....this was delicious.  Terri had the shrimp and she said it was delicious as well.  She offered, but I was focused on my meal.  Now for the filet mignon....this was the 1st highlight.  Great tasting filet, high protein, and tasted like any other top notch steakhouse out here.  I mean it.  This steak can give Ruth Chris a run for their money and it's probably a tad healthier since it's not drenched in butter.  Their steaks didn't have that melt in your mouth feel, but it did have that taste of a well prepped filet. . . 4.  Sides:  You also have a choice of sides that included potatoes, spinach, mushrooms, and corn. We got the potatoes, mushrooms, and for an additional cost, added their Lobster Mac N Cheese.  The 2nd highlight to this evening had to be their Lobster Mac.  Creamy/cheesy mac, lobster chunks, and a hint of lobster sauce describes this. Tough to explain, but it's probably the best lobster mac that I have ever had.  . . Overall, I am giving Del Frisco's 5 stars because I expected just an okay, above average dining experience and obviously got more.  I was so consumed with my beautiful date and superb dining experience, I even forgot to snap a few photos.  But at a place like this, photos would just ruin the experience anyway. . . Looking for filet mignon, a great dining experience, and somewhere off the strip...look to Del Frisco's.  You won't be disappointed.
I died, went to heaven and they served me a Del Frisco filet.. . It's either that or it's because I don't usually eat meat, this steak is comparable to that of other high end steakhouses. Don't take my word for it, you should try this place even if steak isn't your thing. Here's why..  . . Del Frisco's chopped salad: with iceberg lettuce, shredded carrots and other leafy vegetables, a creamy ranch dressing, it is topped with crumbled blue cheese and two long strips of bacon. Yes, actual strips of bacon! This salad was the perfect size to start off your meal.. . Calamari: Don't expect this item to be your typical fried and slightly seasoned calamari. The calamari is breaded and fried, then mixed with a tangy hot and sweet sauce. Very unexpected. Very savory and very delicious!. . Crab cakes: 100% all crab meat with no unnecessary ingredients to distract you. Baked in a delicious creamy lobster sauce. Rich and fulfilling and oh so good!!!. . After the appetizers, I ordered items from the pre fixe menu which includes an 8 oz. filet, spinach supreme and scallops. While the scallops were too salty for my taste, the steak was an experience all in itself. At medium rare, it melted in my mouth at just the right combination and amount of seasoning. Del Frisco knows its steak as this steak deserves an applause!. . Finally, I got to experience one of the most important items on the menu: the banana bread pudding. After a short period of high anticipation and excitement, it arrived at our table on a rather big plate. With a scoop of ice cream and a scoop of whip cream on top, it sat a top a layer of caramel sauce. So decadent, so rightly sweet, this bread pudding can beat any competitions any day!. . As we walked our the door, I noticed this place looks rather mediocre on the inside. And of course, the James Bond table was a fun thing to experience. ;)
Had an amazing experience trying Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House. My husband and I decided to celebrate our 1 year wedding anniversary at this establishment. The restaurant has a very nice ambiance with a beautiful dining room and full bar. There was also someone playing piano which gave it a touch of class. We were promptly seated and greeted by our waitress Jen. She was one of the nicest and most informative server's we have ever had the pleasure of meeting. Jen was extremely nice and explained the menu in great detail, and answered all of our questions. She wished us a Happy Anniversary, and made us feel right at home with this being our first visit..  . We started with two cocktails. I had a very good margarita on the rocks, and my husband had a blackberry cocktail with fresh muddled blackberries, bourbon, crushed mint and ginger beer. Delicious!. We followed that with an appetizer of Steak Tar tare. It was very good and quite spicy, served with a side of garlic bread. Then on to the entrees. I had the 16 oz. Australian cold water lobster tail served with hot drawn butter. I also got a side of truffle butter which was excellent with the lobster, but even better with the amazing steak I'm about to describe next. My husband ordered the best steak either one of us have ever had. It's not on the menu. Granted it isn't cheap. $90 dollars! But if you like steak, do yourself a favor and try it once. It is a 32oz bone in Wagyu sirloin cut. It has an amazing marbling content and aged to create a flavor that is indescribable. The steak comes out cooked perfectly and was out of this world delicious. It was so big that even with 2 of us sharing it we still had leftovers. As a side dish we had the creamed spinach with bacon pieces. A nice compliment to the entrees. As a very nice touch, Tony surprised us with a complimentary piece of there 7 layer lemon ice cake, with a candle lit for our anniversary. A very nice touch to end a wonderful evening..                                                                                                                                       If you are looking for a place to spend a special evening no matter what the occasion, give Del Frisco's a try. The food is delicious and the staff is beyond friendly, informative, and very professional. We also signed up to be on their email list, which entitles you to special offers, and future discounts. Just an incredible restaurant to spend a special evening!!. .  Then to top it off. A few days later we received a nice hand written card by our wonderful servers thanking us for our visit. Have never had anyone go the extra mile like that. A very professional establishment that cares about their customers and want you to have a great experience and keep you as a repeat customer.
Having been to Vegas more than several times, eventually you get tired of the food on the strip even if it is the best dinner buffet of all the hotels on the strip. So I asked my friend who goes there for business for one of his recommendations on where a member of the Rat Pack may have dined (although Vegas has changed so much since those days, and even since the last time I've been there!).. . Forget Gordon Ramsay's "Steak" - go to a real steakhouse in Del Frisco's! Even if they are not unique to Vegas (check their website for all their locations), the experience felt like Vegas.. . I don't really know where to start because everything from the moment we walked in to going out the door was fantastic.. . Service - it was all hands on deck as we had a server and host for every aspect of the meal and they were each genuinely attentive. We were "personally" served by at least 5 different people for our party of 4. . . Drinks - not a large drink menu, but each drink was made to perfection. For me it was the perfect opportunity to order Don Draper's drink of choice - "An Old Fashioned" - and I could see myself definitely trying to keep up with Don just because of this drink. I don't need to go into their wine collection except needless to say it is amazing - including an appraised $1.5M James Bond limited edition wine set which you must specially request to see.. . Delicious sides - I haven't even gotten to the steaks yet because I'll save the best for last. But the sides are a close 2nd. You don't need 2-3 sides per person, but it'll be hard to decide what to share amongst your party. For our party of 4, we got 5 sides and each one no matter how simple it was - it was better than any version of it I've had before. Like spinach! or mushrooms! The MUST have is the Lobster Macaroni and Cheese. Again, one would think based on how good it is we should each get our own order of this super delicious side. But amongst us 4 guys, we barely finished it because it was so rich. And of course we were pretty filled from all the other food/bread.. . Finally the steak - good. Very good. My buddy and I had to share their "Tomahawk" Rib Steak which is the biggest steak on their menu - a 32 oz Wangyu American Kobe Rib-eye steak. As mouth-watering as that sounds to the steak-lover who wants to devour all 32 oz of it, there is simply too much goodness to save room for. So if have a willing partner to share the Tomahawk, I highly suggest doing so so you can dip your fingers in everything else Del Frisco has to offer.. . We did not make it to dessert but I'm gonna stake my next steak dinner on that it's gonna be worth bursting a button for.
First and foremost, my favorite steakhouse.... . Oh my G!  Del Frisco's holds a special space in my heart.  My first Del Frisco steak was in NYC, the first weekend I went low carb in 2007, still low carb strong in 2013, I gauge a restaurant by the steak. . So sad to leave NYC, but I was so happy to find Del Frisco's in Vegas...we are regulars...Coming here about every 3 months.  . . We always order a bottle or two of wine, a chopped salad and  a Tomahawk Ribeye Waygu steak ample enough for two-about 32 ozs (12 oz bone and 20 oz of meat).  While it costs $90 bucks...it can be a value if each individual steak is starting at $45. BTW, TDF...nothing like it...impressive to the eye, like a Flintstone steak, big, beefy, hot, and  juicy... what is not to like?. . Service is always impeccable, but we've definitely had some characters, such as Amber that flat out denied our frequent customer card because we were going to split a $500+ bill with another couple, but the next time our waiter was AWESOME!  He hooked us up, taking care of all 6 of us, but  still (I am pretty sure) sticking to their "make you feel like a million bucks" policy. . . I HIGHLY recommend a sommelier to navigate the expansive wine menu...they always have good recs.  Tell them your price point and a few flavors or characteristics you like in a wine and they will help you find a gem.  Really take advantage, some of the best soms in Vegas. . . While i am female, I love the old school massive testosterone feel of this restaurant.  I even saw a group of men walking to the restaurant still about a mile away and I said to my husband that "Yep, they are going to get some meat at Del Frisco's, before they start their night"  About 20 minutes after we arrived by car, they sure enough were walking into Del Frisco's.. . I always chuckle at the Thank You card I receive in the mail  a few days after I devour my Tomahawk steak.  Nice touch.. . IDK, I just love old school masculine feel...but I sure feel and get treated like a lady yet still can eat and enjoy like a "man".
At the ripe old age of 30, I have come to the realization that meals should not be ordered based on a number or include the words "value meal". Del Frisco's is one of those restaurants that makes me happy to be a grown-up. We usually start off with the calamari which has a spicy kick. The true star of their menu is the steak; it truly melts in your mouth, it's like a piece of buttery goodness like nothing else I've had in mylife. All of the sides that we have tried have been good, but I would highly recommend the sauteed mushrooms.  I would even venture out to say that I wouldn't mind eating those damn mushrooms instead of their steaks and calling it a meal, but that's crazy talk. Order both and give your dining companion the evil eye so that he wont feel comfortable touching your food, and call it a day.
Hard to beat, can't find a bad thing to say unless you're looking for a very quiet, intimate setting.  Its a lot of energy and high volume in here.  Steaks are outstanding, service is top notch and the drinks are hard to beat.
They get everything right every time. Great service, top-notch and very consistent service, and a wonderful dining room that can, however, get a bit noisy. It is quite expensive, and everything must be ordered a la carte, but it's worth every penny. We come to Del Frisco's every time my dad, a true steakhouse connoisseur, is in town. and we have no been disappointed. World-class steak -- no question about it.
This place was amazing. Great service, perfect timing of all courses, the 12 ounce filet was easily some of the highest quality meat I've ever come across while being perfectly cooked and the lemon cake (made fresh in house everyday) was the perfect end. Will return soon with a smile on my face.
What can I say.. Osso Buco hands down the double eagle since the name is also very good. but I still like the Osso Buco roasted veal shank. Also the Oysters Rockerfeller great!! They pulled it off them menu but you can ask the chef and if he is in a good mood to make it they will!!
I decided to treat myself to nice dinner for my birthday and was very glad I picked this place. Everyone was very friendly and attentive. I also unexpectedly received a free slice of lemon cake. Which is very popular there. Everything was delicious. I look forward to my next visit
Came here for dinner on vacation. My husband and I ordered the Pre Fixie Dinner. It comes with salad, sides, and an entree. . . I had the crab cake with filt mignon and sauteed mushrooms. My husband had the ribs, chateau potatoes (mashed potatoes) and scallops. We ordered Caesar salad as well and everything was so good. The meat was cooked perfectly, exactly to our liking. The crab cake and scallops were very flavorful. . . As for salads, I am not usually a big fan but the caesar salad was really good and I actually finished the whole plate!. . Drinks: the pineapple martini is excellent! . . Services: 5 Stars. Food: 5 Stars
There are a lot of great steakhouses in Vegas, but Del Frisco's is the best that I've experienced.  The steaks are super high quality and the prime ribeye is simply the best steak I've ever eaten.  The meat had wonderful flavor and was seasoned perfectly.  My wife and I had the crab cake appetizer, which I would also highly recommend.  And the chocolate souffle cake finished off the meal perfectly.  I would definitely choose Del Frisco's over any of the big casinos steakhouses on the Strip.
I came with some colleagues for dinner on a Wednesday evening. We ordered the Seafood appetizer. I got the 22oz bone-in prime rib and my GF got the 8oz Filet mignon.. . - Amazing service. Truly 5 star. . *We came 30min late, and the hostess escorted us to our party . *She asked if I had a preference of the kind of Vodka for my screwdriver, then gave me recommendations. . *Waitress addresses today's specials and recommendations. . *Multiple servers catering for us. *She asked me to cut my prime rib to ensure that it was cooked medium, if not she'll take it back. *Hot towels. Not the ones in a plastic. . *Farewells from lots of staff as we left. . *They hand feed you...lol. jk. . - Great presentation. The seafood platter looked like a piece of art. . - Delicious meat. I usually stuff my mouth with all kinds of food at once, but the prime rib was so good that I chewed each piece independently. No concurrent side in mouth. No fast chewing. Really enjoying the rich flavor and texture until I swallowed it. haha. sounds gross. . - Nice piano cocktail music that sets the tone. . - I do have a bias for Maestro's Ocean Club in NPB simply bc that was where we had our first date. Nonetheless, this is an incredible place for any special occasion. James Bond table!
Order the eff up! Bring your Benjamins and spend it on BEEF! Forget about buying good clothes, you don't eat clothes/shoes/watches/etc. YOU EAT BEEF/COW/HEIFERS, be good to yourself! haha!. . Bone in RibEye, my favorite cut of Angus Cow, med rare, pink throughout! 6Ls (yes SIX fcukin LITERS!) of red wine on the table, guys knocking the fuck out before we even order, manager asking us to lower our voices. HAHAHA! Sounds like a Bachelor Party!. . Remembered I had a spoonful of each: Lobster Mac (I prefer my lobster Asian style!), cream corn (not very memorable), spinach (so-so), 4 mushrooms (blah), and potatoes au gratin (yum,  I luv potatoes, so it's unfair!). Fcuk , we ordered everything on the menu almost!!. . So full.. I left about a 1.5in by 1.5 square of rib eye I couldn't power down. booo!!!. Better safe than sorry.. . VERY GOOD!
This is a fantastic place to go.  They really care about their customers and the food is out of this world.  The Salmon and Lobster Mac and Cheese YUM!!!
Awesome service and food. Well worth the price. I highly recommend the porterhouse steak, it's better than Morton's porterhouse steak.
Steak was delicious, the atmosphere was great.
I went to Del Frisco's for 2-person birthday dinner. I ordered the Tomahawk Ribeye, Crab Cake, Sauteed Mushrooms, and Potatoes Au Gratin.. Tomahawk Steak - This was enough to split between the two of us. At $90 per steak, it's expensive, and would've been too much for just one person considering the other food we had. However by splitting it, it turned out to be just fine. The steak itself was pretty good, but I wasn't blown away. I actually expected more considering it was Wagyu beef and was one of their most popular cuts. I had it ordered medium instead of my usual medium rare preference per other reviewer's recommendations.  I also had their peppercorn sauce which cost a whopping $6 for a small bowl. . . Crab Cake - Just like everyone else says, it's incredible. And I don't even care for crab cake. It's not like other crab cakes that are deep fried and mostly breading. This one is mostly crab with a delicious Cajun sauce.. . Sauteed mushrooms - Pretty basic, but tons of flavor.  Lots of butter, yum. . . Potatoes Au Gratin - Also good, but it was very rich. LOTS of cheese and cream used. I'd probably get something else next time.. . They comped us a 5 layer lemon cake at the end. Or was it 7 layers?  We only had a few bites because we were both way too full. . . The part that stands out at this restaurant other than the exceptional food is the exceptional service.  The staff obviously is very well trained. They refer to you by name, write a hand-signed birthday card, and overall are extremely attentive. No complaints here.  I highly recommend you try Del Frisco's!
Thanks for American Express and their $50 gift card to this restaurant, we were able to venture out of our usual Vegas strip restaurant and try a new steakhouse.  So glad we found this place because it became our new favorite!   Everything from the food, appetizer, dessert, ambience, service, bathrooms, parking, etc was perfect.  We made a last minute reservation on a Sunday night at 5:30pm.  . . Our server Gustavo (I think that's how his name is spelled) gave us an impeccable service and we really enjoyed his sense of humor along with his charming personality throughout our meal.  It's not everyday you get a server who can provide a smooth flowing comfortable dining experience.   Thank you Gustavo!  We look forward to dining here again real soon.  . . For appetizer, you must order their raw oysters.  Between the East and West, we liked the West side oysters because they were smaller and sweeter.  This was a great start to our meal.  . . The prixe fix dinner was only $50 but came with a choice of salad, appetizer, choice of bigger cuts for extra $$ or the 8oz filet cut and one family size side dish.  . . My husband ordered the Tamaha Wagyu 32 oz cut for extra $50.  That steak looked like something Fred Flinstone would devour!   Only a true steak lover with a huge appetite can finish this steak in one seating!   I was skeptical about the 8 oz steak and thought it would be more dry and boring.  To my surprise even the filet was very juicy and flavorful!   The different side dishes were all perfect and big enough to share with the family.   Crab cakes and Scallops were all good portions to pair with our steaks.  . . They are known for the Lemon debosh cake.  No matter how full we were, there was no way we were going to leave without trying this cake.  It's big enough to share between 4 people.  Despite not being a huge lemon fan, this had to be the best lemon cake we've had and would order it again next time.  Not too tart or too sweet.  Perfectly moist and delicious.  Save room for this cake!. . We love this place so much better than SW steak or CUT!   Glad to have found Del Frisco's!  Wish they had another location in LA!
Greater than great food, excellent service by all the staff that came to our table, top notch. My wife and I celebrated our 1 year wedding anniversary dinner here. I mentioned the anniversary when I made the reservation, and there was a card signed by the staff at our table, nice touch. Travis was our server. He was great. He knew the food he was serving, and described it well. Atmosphere was good, dimly lit, and everyone engaging in quiet conversation. We started with the fried calamari, thai style, which is served with a spicy chili sauce on top. It was good good good, yum. For our entrees I went with the Bone-in Ribeye, and my wife went with the Lamb Chops. They were both cooked perfectly to our request, med. rare for my ribeye, and med. rare for my wife's lamb chops. My steak was juicy, tender and perfectly seasoned. You can see the marbling throughout the steak, which makes their steaks so delicious. My wife enjoyed her lamb chops as did I, ha. Yes we tasted each others dinners. We ordered the cream spinach with bacon and lobster mac n cheese as our sides, and they were delicious. We ended with the lemon cake and they comped it for our anniversary, another nice touch. We will for sure be back next time we are in Vegas. While we were there the staff let us know they just opened a new Del Friscoes in Los Angeles by the Santa Monica pier. Guess where we're going bebe?!!!
Wish I could give half stars, but it's about as close to a 5 star as possible. Having been on the Strip for a few days and dining there, my party wanted to venture out a bit, try something new and classy. Ended up here at Del Frisco's. For a restaurant of this class, you would expect impeccable service. Impeccable is exactly what we got. Hostess, waiters and waitresses were all extremely attentive. . . Our waiter started off by introducing all the specials they had that night, including their house specialty drink called the "V.I.P". Essentially a pineapple juice for adults and it was delicious. Looking at the menu, it was difficult to choose what to order. Started off the dinner with a Del's salad, which was iceberg lettuce, grape tomatoes, croutons, topped with a light yet flavorful avocado ranch dressing and two strips of bacon. . . But what we were here for was definitely the steak. I was tasked with the impossible; trying to choose between the 8 or 12 oz Filet or the 16 ounce Prime Ribeye, but the Ribeye eventually won out. Cooked to exactly my preference of medium-rare with my only complaint being a tad bit too much char. It was definitely a good choice as the marbling was there, but no overwhelming. Flavors and juiciness still intact. When you're nitpicking about the amount of char on the steak, which was pretty negligible, you know the quality you're getting.. . However, the highlight of the meal wasn't even the steak; it belonged to the sides and appetizers. That Crab Cake, not a hint of fishiness, paired with a Cajun Lobster Sauce is something to die for. I love the way they serve side dishes also. Family style is definitely the way to go, as it allowed my party to try multiple sides. My favorite sides were the Maque Choux Corn and Chateau potatoes (basically cream corn and mashed/whipped potatoes). Other side dishes available were the Spinach Supreme, Potatoes au Gratin, and the Lobster Mac and Cheese, all of which were great.. . Topped off my night with a slice of the lemon cake. Fluffy, light, not too sweet, with a strong hint of the lemon flavor. The priciest dinner I've ever had, but sure was worth every dollar. I would go back in a heartbeat to try the other appetizers and cuts. Highly recommend for the ambience, service, and of course the food.
You just can't go wrong at this place.  The Rib Eye is to die for and the lobster Mac and Cheese is wonderful.  You are paying a lot for the food. Be prepared to drop some cash but I personally think it is worth it.
Several close friends of mine have heard the review I'm about to embark on in real time over and over and over...here we go:. . The night I dined at Del Frisco's was arguably the BEST dining experience I've had in my entire life.  . . From the moment we walked in the door, it was like my boyfriend and I turned into a king and queen. The hostess, servers, bus boys, et al. showcased the friendliest, most sincere and professional service I've ever been graced with.. . We came on a Sunday night to capitalize on their "power couple deal"....Two salads, two entrees, and two desserts for $100. Wow. . . Nothing, not even the salad croutons, dare I even say the lettuce, have I ever had a better version of.  Absolutely divine, culinary perfection. . . Their pineapple cocktail is not only a spectacle, but seriously delicious. Do not dine here without trying at least one.... . I could go on (and on), but just know that Del Frisco's is pure heaven on earth in the form of a beautifully kept, and wonderfully run steakhouse.. . Thank you, Del Frisco's, you will not be forgotten!
I've been to many steakhouses, both in Vegas and in L.A., and this is one of my all time favorites. The bone in ribeye here is tied for 1st place with my other favorite ribeye (Mastros). Cooked to perfection. I also really enjoyed the lobster mac n cheese. I've had plenty of those at various steakhouses too, and this one is one of my favorite. The lemon cake is also spectacular. It is so unbelievably moist, especially in the middle (make sure not to just eat the outside part if you're sharing with a friend). The crabcakes were good, but not really worth the price, so I wouldn't order again. The service was also good, and the James Bond table, even if you're not into the movies, is something to see. I like that this steakhouse is "off the strip" and not overly chaotic. It's nice to get away from all the smoking and crowds at the casinos. In summary, the food is terrific!
Awesome as usual. This was my 5th time back and every single time it was amazing! Service was great! We came for a bachelor party and had a party of 23 guys, which you can imagine could get out of hand. They put us in a private room and took the best care of us! We got there late around 10pm and the kitchen closed at 10:30 but that didn't stop them from taking care of us and we never felt rushed. We left around midnight and there was no one left in the place except for us. If your looking for a great dinner this is the spot of the strip!
Among the well-known steak houses, this one stands out.  Excellent bar with a grand range of martinis.  The bar staff is so friendly, they make you feel like you're a regular.  The table service is terrific.  We had special meals of steak & seafood with wedge salad that truly hit the spot.  The wine list tends to be expensive but we found a reliable Super Tuscan for under $100 that made sense.  I'd recommend this place to anyone.  All around great experience.. . Oh, and the singer/piano player should be a Strip headliner.  Lovely voice and able hands.
Del Friso's is a fantastic restaurant. They excel at more than just steak. Great Service, soft lighting - not dark. The wait staff is well trained, very knowledgeable and helpful. . The Filet Mignon was cooked perfect just the way it was ordered. The side dish of Sweet Potato Casserole is enough for 2 and some to take home. If you like Osso Buco Veal Shank, don't pass this one up. The pasta that comes with the meal is a bit much. Sorry no room for dessert, maybe next time.. Before you leave ask to see the James Bond Wine Table.
Best steak and scallops I've ever had in my life, excellent service, everything was done to perfection. The complimentary sesame seed bread was delicious, our table had about three of those. The signature lemon cake is a must try but the better dessert was the banana bread pudding which was soft, moist and heavenly. Oh my!
Words cannot describe how amazing this restaurant is. I had the filet trio, my husband had the porterhouse and we shared asparagus and lobster Mac n cheese. Everything was so incredibly delicious, I've never came across a meal that is even close to how good this was. The service is also impeccable, it was my husbands birthday and they had a card on the table, each of the 5 or 6 waiters told him happy bday and they brought out a piece of the most delicious lemon cake on the house. Very expensive but worth every single penny. Love love love!
Fantastic! The chopped salad was great, filet trio was amazing. Good wine list, tasty cocktails.  Great service from Ryan, perfect blend of attentive & not bothersome. Wonderful dining experience.
I hosted a private business function for about 25 people last month at Del Friscos. I've done these types of business dinner presentations all over the country. Many times when you ask a restaurant to do a pre-fixed menu, they order cheaper cuts of meat for the event and the food is sub par. That is not the case at this restaurant. You could cut the filet mignon with a butter knife. The service was excellent - the servers knew when to give us privacy and when we needed service. The room had a great space and the atmosphere of the restaurant was beautiful.
I have eaten at this Del Frisco's location 4 times in 5 years. I live in GA. Each time the food has been excellent and the service is the best.. This past Sunday, Sept 1 my wife and I celebrated our 40th wedding anniversary at Del Frisco's and our waiter, Andrew Van B and the staff were outstanding as was the food. The prime riibeyes & lobster were cooked to perfection. We love all of their sides & bread. The onion rings are killer.. Thanks again to Andrew and the staff for making our evening a night to remember.
I have should've been eating here at DF years ago!  Came to DF for my birthday with my wife, and everything was perfect.. . Waitress was on her A game and described everything on and off menu with no hesitation.  . . Ambiance of the place is nice and old school feel.. . Wife and i had Lobster Mac and cheese, crab cakes, bone-in rib eye, and plenty more.  Everything we had was perfectly cooked.  . . No complaints at all for this place.  Perfection.
Amaze balls!  From the bone-in ribeye, to the Chateau potatoes, to their moist lemon cake.  Wonderful service and an amazing experience!
quite literally one of the best steaks ive had in my entire life.  . . entire meal was amazing, I was pampered from the getgo by multiple staff.  . . totally worth it.
This has become one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. The personal attention they give is remarkable! The service is outstanding every time. My personal favorites are the crab cakes (best ever!!) The chopped salad, and lobster mac and cheese are excellent too. Crab Legs were juicy and sweet. My husband raves about their bone in filet and their bone in ribeye. Don't forget to leave room for the lemon cake, or at least take it home for later.... it is worth it!
One of the best steaks I have ever eaten- the filet melted in my mouth
I had the best steak ever!  I've been to Mortons, Ruth and Chris, Flemings.  All good steaks but the best I've had comes from Del Frisco's.  I had the bone in filet with the lobster mac and baked potato.  Bomb!  Service was excellent.  They have you cut the steak to make sure it's cook to your liking.  Drinks were great.  Can't wait to go back and try the tomahawk steak.
We had the Fillet mignon, and it's the first time the get the medium Well perfect. The seasoning was great. The stake was so tender that Youtube can cut it with your fork. The location it's pretty bad. The Service was Ok. But We'll return for the food everytime
Have been coming to this location for YEARS, and it is by FAR the BEST steak house, and the best in Las Vegas. Liz is always our waitress, and I adore her. The food is HIGH quality, and the service is up there as well.. If you are looking for high end dinning, and an over GREAT night, I recommend you coming here. THE BEST IN ALL OF LAS VEGAS
We have eaten at fine steak houses all over the US and this Del Frisco's is without question the best. Others have came close in food quality but never has the service been matched. The filet is perfect. Thank you for the wonderful experience!
I personally think it's the best steak house in Vegas.  I got the prime strip steak and man you can't go wrong with that cut.  The group I went with, we all shared the lobster mac n cheese, onion rings and mashed potatoes.  . . If you're ever in Vegas and want to eat a nice mouth watering steak, look no further and book your reservation with Del Frisco's.  . . FYI - the restaurant is off the strip but not too far.
Greatapps, delicious steak, extensive wine list, yummy sides (especially the spinach) and hooked us up with killer desserts. Great meal.
Have eaten here multiple times while on business. Possibly my favorite steak house in the US.
Went here with a group of six based on other Yelp reviews and was blown away.  I have dined world wide and the service and attention to detail at this restaurant was second to none.  As previous reviewers wrote, you can cut the filet with a fork, done perfectly with great flavoring.  I thought this restaurant was extremely easy to get to.  A lot of the finer dinning spots in Las Vegas are now in hotels and getting to most requires hiking boots and a backpack.  My annual visit to Vegas will now include Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House....Well done!
Damn good rib eye! Quite possibly one of the best ones I've ever enjoyed. Seriously. . . My buddies and I were looking for a good dinner Friday night, and we all though this place was going to be hopelessly packed and out of reservation times. But, one must always try, says the educated Libyan. (If you're watching Boardwalk Empire). I called at about 6pm, and Cheryl, happy and helpful, made us a reservation for 7:30! Awesome!. . Stepping into this place, you get a very classy, yet relaxed atmosphere. That's very rare to have...as an experience! Normally it can't be both, just one or the other. . . Service was outstanding. Forgot our waiters name, but he was very personable and he was always hovering around to make sure everything was straight.. . Definitely get the rib eye, medium rare!! Three of us ordered the exact same thing and three of us were extremely bloated and happy. Crab cake was awesome, however I could take it or leave it with the beef tartare.
This place is bad a$$!. . I'm in town once a year to work the SEMA Show and get taken out for some good eats by my friends. They picked this place and I met them there. From the get go, this place is class and a true old school steak house. I was at a table with about 16 people and our wait staff was on it. Never had to wait for anything and they just kept everything coming. I had the filet on the bone (off the menu special) and it was epic...one of the best filets I've eaten. I do have to say that the lobster mac & cheese was a bit runny for me but that might just be a "me" thing. The flavor was great though. I really liked the onion rings...nearly the size of a donut. And the Lemon Cake....so tasty. I enjoyed it so much that after dining there on a Friday, I talked our group into returning the following Thursday and yes, I had the same damn thing! We also had the crab legs which were more flavorful that crab I've had before.. . All in all, it WILL be on my agenda every time I visit Vegas!
Been here a couple times and am now writing a review.  Went here with the gf and we split the 32oz rib eye.  We asked for medium rare and it came out on the verge of rare.  Was great and super huge.  Beyond that we also had the creamed spinach and mac and cheese.  Both sides were outstanding.  Especially worth note was the creamed spinach which was just out of this world.  Drinks were strong and delicious.  Service excellent.  If you are thinking you need to be super dressy for this place think again, you can be casual.  Worth a shot if you are in vegas looking for some great eats.
Best Meal of our Honeymoon!. . We had a long week of dining out for our honeymoon. We are lovers of good wine and steak and were searching all week for an amazing experience. We started at Tom Colicchio's at the MGM and were surprised by how bad their service was. We were both servers in our past lives and know when someone is doing a good job. Your servers were amazing! Service was prompt and courteous. We were never wanting for anything and the service was never overbearing... it was an experience every person would want at a restaurant. The steaks and shellfish we ordered were all perfect and offered more selection than we expected. We were pessimistic about going because we know you are a chain and we thrive on unique experiences... but i have to say, I will always hold Del Frisco's as my first choice when dining out from now on. Thank you so much.
Yummy!! Nice place with great food!:) Great service too!
Wow!Wow,! What can I say with my mouth full great service, great food.Best steak I have had in years! Just came from iffel tower and spent $500.00 dollars does not hold a candle to this place. I will be back.
What took me so long to go here .... best steak house ever!!!. . Went here for my wife's birthday dinner w/some friends and we split sooooo many yummy items!. . - 32 oz waygu ribeye wow mmmmmmmmm served medium rare and pre-cut sooo goood. . - Accompanied with a 14 oz lobster tail ... mmmmmmmmm. . - Sides included the Mac n' Cheese and Mushrooms, fantastic. . - Appetizers were the delicious crab cakes and shrimp cocktail. . - Dessert, since it was the wife's birthday we got a delicious lemon cake (that giant thing) and we also ordered the banana bread pudding. . The Service was top notch!. . Go with a group so you can share.  This place is insanely good!
The filet mignon and lobster mac and cheese was to die for! The James Bond table was pretty awesome too.
EXCEPTIONAL CUSTOMER SERVICE. . My boyfriend and I came here on our first date six months ago.  It was a wonderful dinner and our waitress, Priscilla, and the rest of the Del Frisco staff outdid themselves that night.  They were incredibly attentive and the food was delicious, especially the lobster mac & cheese. . http://www.yelp.com/biz/del-friscos-double-eagle-steak-house-las-vegas-2#hrid:1Cziker169quEYeflq99GA. . For our six-month anniversary, we returned to the scene of the crime.  Unfortunately, Priscilla was on maternity leave.  How did we know that?  Because when Mel called to make the reservation, he was informed of that fact.  How did they know that Priscilla was our waitress? They must have a file on every customer and keep notes!  Whatever it is, I'm impressed..  When we showed up for dinner and checked in, guess what?  The hostess told us that Priscilla was on maternity leave-hah!  We know, but thank you.  We were shown to our table and a gentleman took our drink order and told us that Liz would be our waitress that evening.. Liz showed up and told us that Priscilla was on maternity leave with her son.  By now, this would be considered to be kind of weird, but we were impressed that the staff of this establishment went to such lengths to make sure that we were taken care of.  Note, we'd only been here ONCE before.. Needless to say, Liz took great care of us.  The manager stopped by our table to greet us.  No less than 3 different staff members filled water glasses, brought entrees and side dishes.  A big plus to the staff member who brought us our steaks and requested that we cut into them to ensure that they were cooked to our liking before he left the table--that was a first for me and I'm even more impressed.  I had the beef medallions, 3 pieces of steak served over mashed potatoes with green beans.  I could only eat two of the medallions because we started with the sesame bread and butter as well as Del's salad for me, plus lobster mac & cheese on the side.  Mel had the filet mignon with mushrooms on the side.  It was a lot of food, but we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here once again.  Another big plus is the cool piano player who plunked out some nice tunes, including one of my faves, "The Girl from Ipanema."  I was a happy woman that night and we will definitely be back after another wonderful dining experience at Del Frisco's.  I've never had such great customer service and it didn't stop that night.  Mel received a follow-up e-mail the next day to thank us for our business; incredible.
I'v eaten a lot of different cuts of meat at a lot of different places, and if the Double-Eagle at Del Frisco's isn't the best steak I've ever had, it is darn close.  My fellow diners who ordered an off the menu bone-in filet and tomahawk waygu ribeye were both envious.  It is literally one of those game changing entrees that makes you not want to eat something similar anywhere else, because you know it will fall short.  I literally cannot wait to go back and get another.. . It isn't uncommon to find a superstar dish but feel let down by the other courses....not the case at Del Frisco's.  I put their calamari in the top 1-3 calamari plates I've had.  The balance of sweet and heat is perfect.  It leaves an after taste that makes you immediately want to go back for more.  I could probably say the same for the crab cake app.  Virtually all crab and a terrific cajun lobster sauce.  I'm not a fan of cajun flavors in general, but the sauce was not overpowering and a great compliment to the crab.  I'd also recommend the marinated shrimp or the shrimp with the remoulade.  Both were worthy of bread dipping.. . Honestly, I can't speak much about the sides because i had a few bites of a few different ones, but was so hypnotized by my steak that I didn't pay them much mind.  I also can't say anything about the desserts because by then I was stuffed.  However, the others I dined with all said they were terrific (sorry don't recall what was ordered).. . All in all, when someone tells you this is the best place to get a steak in Vegas, they aren't kidding.
I love steak like any non-vegetarian citizen of the US of A and have a list of favorites including The Golden Steer and Delmonico's to name a few, but when I'm feeling absolutely baller and want the best quality in both service and food, I come to Del Frisco's.. . . STEAKAGE:. The menu here features the standards like filet mignon, ribeye, porterhouse, etc. which is all fine and dandy but when I come here, I specifically want their specials.  Dishes that aren't offered at your typical steakhouse, such as:. . Double eagle bone-in prime strip (contrary to popular belief, this is not made with two eagles...it's made with three), bone in filet mignon, the filet mignon trio, or my personal favorite:. . 32-oz WAGYU RIBEYE with tomahawk bone.  To put it in perspective of how amazing this steak is, I will make a list titled "News I Never Want to Hear" (in order):. . 1. Del Frisco's no longer serves the wagyu rib-eye. 2. Zooey Deschanel and Ben Gibbard happily back together!. 3. Liam Neeson furious with Michael O's Yelp review of Fresh Brothers pizza.  "I will find him," swears the terrifying actor.. . . SIDE DISHES:. 1. Cream spinach:. 2. Lobster mac & cheese. 3. Chateau potatoes: I love potatoes in all its forms - mashed, baked, roasted, fried, you name it.  Chateau potatoes are basically upgraded seasoned/buttery mashed potatoes with scallions & pepper.. . . TIPS:. 1. To really live it up, be prepared to drop up to $100 per person.  Coming here on a tight budget is as dumb as coming here on a full stomach.. 2. ORDER THE WAGYU RIBEYE and split it with another person (if need be).. 3. Before you leave, ask to see the James Bond table.. . . Grade: I don't always eat steak, but when I do...I prefer Del Frisco's.
UNBELIEVABLE Steaks! . . Came here with my friends for my birthday all the way from California and was not disappointed. . . Between the group we tried the F.M., the Prime Rib Eye, the Prime Porterhouse and all where cooked to perfection. The meat was so well cooked even the small amount of fat was delicious. . . We also had the lobster mac n cheese and sauteed mushrooms, both totwally worth it. . . One warning if you're getting a larger cut of meat (16oz +) you may want to stick to the leaner sides as the lobster m&c was delicious but very rich. . . We saw a couple of tables around us order lobster tails that where HUGE so if you're a lobster nut then it may be worth it. All of us where there for the steak so we where good to go. . . Last note the service was top notch and everyone from the hostess to all the wait staff where amazing at their jobs so it made for a extra memorable meal. . . Til next time D.F.!
This is my favorite place to dine in Las Vegas when I want to escape the Sin City madness. I've enjoyed my visits here tremendously, whether it was for a buddy's "final meal" as a bachelor or a quiet date night with my wife. . . The Del Frisco's rib eye steak is beyond amazing. This is how a steak should be served: it should be the star of the meal, not hidden under sauces or overwhelmed with superfluous flavors. It's a high quality, 16 ounce cut of rib-eye that's cooked to perfection, with a crust that complements the juicy tenderness of the meat. . . Your server will warn you that they undercook their steaks a bit, so if you normally order medium rare, then you'll order medium. They'll have you cut your steak to ensure it's been cooked to your liking. Steak lovers know that if you're at a high-end steakhouse like Del Frisco's, then you're wasting your money if you're ordering a steak well done, since you want to taste the meat, not the flame..  . The appetizers are spectacular. When they're in season, the stone crab claws are delicious. Fresh and meaty, they're the perfect starter and contrast nicely with the meat feast you're about to indulge in. The calamari is also tasty, with an Asian-style twist to them. My favorite, though, is the crab cake: It's heavy on the crab and easy on the breading. The sauce might be too rich for some tastes, but during my most recent visit, the waitress saw me dunking my bread into it and she brought out a side of the sauce so I could enjoy a few extra dunks before the main course. Now that's service!. . Speaking of, the service is top notch. I love how each server manages to be available without being intrusive. Every staff member I've encountered has been polite, friendly, and attentive.. . Finally, the sides are served family-style, so one order is good for two or three people. My favorites are the sauteed mushrooms, potatoes au gratin, and the lobster mac and cheese. Each is a worthy complement to your steak.. . Bring at least $100 per person for food, more if you'll be having drinks. After a meal at Del Frisco's, I always stay away from steak for a month or two: it's so good that everything else pales in comparison. . . Highly recommended. Be sure to ask about the James Bond table before or after your meal.
To start, I've traveled a lot and been to a ton of steakhouses. Growing up in Las Vegas I've been to most of the steakhouses here. This one is by far my favorite. The filet is always consistent and amazing. The crab cakes are one of my favorite crab cakes also. Every time I have gone the staff is always extremely professional, friendly, and knowledgeable. I don't understand why people complain about he prices. It's a phenomenal steak house. Obviously it'll be a little pricey. You get what you pay for. If you aren't willing to spend money on a steakhouse dinner then obviously this restaurant isn't for you. They also have an AMAZING happy hour!
Went there for first time after looking at all the wonderful reviews on Yelp and I wasn't disappointed.  Food was phenominal!!  Service was excellent!!  I will definitely be back here in the future.
Amazing dining experience!  It will now be on the top of my list to dine here again in Vegas.  Started with a delicious Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, Trio if Shrimp Cocktail and The VIPHouse Cocktail-infused Vodka in Fresh pineapples for days. This martini is like drinking pineapple juice but be careful as it's easy to have one after another.  It creeps up on you! But well worth it!. Plenty if selections as it is a steak house.  Couldn't resist the 16 oz portion Rib Eye No bone cooked perfectly at medium rare.  . Accompanied with Roasted Brussels Sprouts with bacon, Sauteed Mushrooms and three butters.  Tarragon Butter, Bone Marrow Butter and Truffle Butter which was amazing.  Finished with their 5 Layer Lemon Cake.  Voila that's a dinner fit for a king I'd say. Holidays are for gluttoning and I feel no guilt.  The ambiance was great with a live musician.  A top 10 on my list.
