Ive visited Las Vegas 12 times since January 05, and ive stayed here each and every time.. . Great Location. Ideal.  Great access to shopping and additional restaurants with their forum shopps mall.  Lobby is as classy as any.  Quality people stay and gamble at Caesars.  Limited trash.  Drink Service like all casinos slow.. . Garden in the Gods Pool area now the best on strip unless you want to avt like a 19 yr old retard.  Roomy. big. 8 pools to choose from. Clean. Great expensive cocktails.. . Poker room best for tourists on strip.  Roomy. Friendlly staff.  Isolated from smoke and slots.  cheap tournaments all day long.. . Seasoned dealers with good array of games.  Right limits as too keep out the trash.. . Accomodations are very fine.  Just make sure they dont give u old rooms in Roman Tower...slip check in person $25.  Ask for Augustus(newest) or Palace tower(refurbished).  Augustus bigger but Palace just as nice with extra toilet anf better proximity to pool and casino. Flat Screen. Marble. JAcuzzi.  Coffee table and couch.  What more u need in vegas?. . Lastly, I have personally e-mailed Caesars President Gary Selesner twice giving him feedback on his operation after last two stays.  Not only did he answer promptly, but the responses were extensive and not generic.  That shows me he cares.  And thats they type of operation i want to do business with.
I'm a deal taker. I usually go to Vegas on a Sunday so the rate is lower than the atmosphere is on the strip. Love Love Love the stores there but this review is more about the stay. . . Went for CES 2011, attended the event last day, and the room rate that Sunday was like 200 bucks cheaper than one night ago, so I booked a room for only 76 plus tax. A great deal for Caesars Palace.. Upon checking in I found out they only gave me a room on a lower level so I couldn't see anything outside the window. But it's OK. I don't wanna . see that every time I go there.. . Remember last year Harrah's Entertainment promotes a lot on their decision to eliminate resort fees? Well no resort fee on their properties but you'd have to pay Internet if you want access in your room for about 15 bucks per 24 hour period. In fact you can't even stay in your room for 24 hours and you can use your phone to browse the Internet, why should you pay for that ridiculous charge? When I go to Vegas I just bring my laptop to a Starbucks on Paradise and sip the drink while checking emails, so there's no way I'd pay for that rip-off. But I was just so tired that day and didn't want to make any move so I just decided to be kind enough to them as I got a good deal on the stay. Oops but the wireless on my side of the floor wasn't working I soon found out so I called up the front desk and they transferred me to COX where they solve all the technical problems. The gentleman I talked to over the phone was very nice but after several rebooting both on my computer and their router, they still couldn't solve it which left me the only option to use the plug-in cord. a great excuse to tell the front desk to comp the Internet charge for me which they did. Nice.. oh and the people at CES gave me a badge for free so I didn't even have to buy a student pass. Thanks a lot. . . So remember people, just make a call and they could sometimes waive the overpriced charge because as a human they know it's unreasonable too.. . oh can they PLEASE STOP DESIGNING SELF-PARKING, HOTEL CHECK-IN and TOWER ELEVATORS EACH ON a VERTEX of a TRIANGLE? I'm tired of walking so much every time I check into a hotel. And Caesars you have the most confusing direction signs I've ever seen in Vegas. Not everyone likes to go straight to their room from the helipad..
Meiner Meinung nach das schonste Casino in ganz Vegas!. Man kann gut Essen, das Casino bietet alles von Mall bis hin zum Pool.. Die Zimmer sind riesig und bequem, unser Bad hatte sogar einen Whirlpool.. Parkmoglichkeiten sind genugend vorhanden, allerdings muss man schon ein weniger mehr laufen.. Und in der Mitte des Strips hat dieses Casino die perfekte Lage.
All i have to say is the forum shops are the it place in Caesars its not the place to shop on a budget. But just to walk thru and sight see all of the beautiful things here and not to mention the cheesecake factory is bomb!! i would most definitely say stay here but go shopping off the strip at the blvd mall that sit blocks away from the strip on Maryland parkway if you are tryna stretch your bucks  here in vegas!
I love this hotel. They have so many statues. All the employees are great. It's never too crowded. I gets crowded but it isn't as bad as some of the other casinos on the strip. Beautiful atmosphere!
Love this hotel!  My friend got comped on the busiest weekend and scored three rooms.  Two of them were adjacent, so it just made staying there that much more fun.  Double room, beautiful view of Bellagio fountains and rest of the strip.  Casino downstairs had reasonable limits during the day.  i want to be back there!!!!
This place is phenomenal. I love Caesars Palace. It's my favorite hotel on the strip. It's nice and has a good shopping area and great clubs. Beautiful new pools and the mini suites are perfect for us!
"Just Say No!" has been around for years to protect our children from drugs.  Well, if you are over 18 there is one drug you must try...Absinthe, the best show at Caesars Palace.  If you want to hear Celine...watch Titanic.  The best entertainment at Caesars is this "trip" of a lifetime, without a drug test. The venue is a 1800's wooden/stain glass tent from Belgium, set outside at Caesars Palace.  The interior is dark and mysterious with wooden chairs around a small stage and a bar.  The air is that of a freak show and you are waiting for the Elephant Man to come out. Go early and enjoy the whole venue, which includes a very eclectic outdoor lounge filled with artwork and sculptures that are a cross between a haunted house and Alice in Wonderland. The New York Times has called this show Cirque du Soleil meets Rocky Horror.  The acts are so intensely entertaining that you are either crying from laughing or praying on your knees that nobody gets hurt from their amazing feats of acrobatics and stunts.  This show is by no means for the timid.  The performers are so talented and death defying, you experience that sensation of driving by a car accident where you don't want to look but you just HAVE to.  Just say YES to Absinthe!
We got off to the wrong foot. The man at registration was rude. YADA YADA YADA. My stay was fantastic so I didn't knock off a star for that. Problem was resolved quickly and painlessly. So i was off to my next adventure!. My room was in the palace tower (I'm pretty sure that was what they call it). It was very nice. I had a lovely view of the south strip and could see the fireworks at Treasure Island. I also had a nice view of the west side of the Las Vegas valley. . . I went to Cleopatra's Barge (which I haven't been to in probably ehhhh a long time) and had a nice time. Not exactly a night club but fun in a very relaxed RETRO way.. . All in all, the Palace will always be "THE" Palace.
Caesars Palace is one of the best Casino Hotels in Las Vegas. I've stayed twice before and would return again. Last visit, I stayed 4 nights and attended a convention for work. The room was clean, elegant, and comfortable. Staff at the front desk and throughout the hotel are friendly and hard working. You get what you pay for, and in this case, pony up: Caesars Palace is the place you want to be while in Las Vegas.
We didn't choose this place, but it was a great choice. Got a smoky 1966 room at first. Asked for new room, got overlooked, then complained and got a great upgrade for free. Marble bathroom with huge shower, jacuzzi tub. 500 thread count sheets and view of the mountains and pools. GREAT room. Loved the whole hotel. I went in and out of almost every place on the strip and Cesar's offers an overall best for ambiance, quality, and service. Sure its expensive, but I felt like I was in luxury. Venetian is a wanna be Italian ambiance with cheesy shops and painted on tiles. . Pools were amazing! Casino was high end and attentive. Good choice of restaurants (choose Sushi Roku) and gym was really nice. . Hate that everything has a price tag--like $12 coffee in the rooms, but get the gym and you get fruit, water bottles and free coffee. Worth it.
I've stayed at 4 or 5 hotels on the Strip and Caesar's is continually my favorite.  I have stayed in the Palace tower and the Forum tower.  The Palace tower deluxe rooms are among the best in that price range.  Beautiful.  The food court downstairs across from the Colosseum is yummy, the pools are beautiful, and the staff is incredibly friendly.    The Colosseum is BEAUTIFUL, I've been there three times to see Celine Dion.  Amazing.  We've eaten inside Caesar's at Mesa Grill which is ou t of this world if you are a fan of Food Network Chef Bobby Flay.  It is worth the extra money to get a deluxe room, I think the general rooms are the "old" rooms and they do need revamped.  I have never been disappointed at Caesar's Palace though, for sure.
Caesars is SOOOO much fun! Can't say anything about the hotel but the casino, shows and shops are always a great time!
Recently stayed here and had a ball!. . Booked off of Orbitz in a package. I went with 4 people for 5 days/4 nights with a round trip flight for $397.. . Originally we were placed in the Forum Tower but decided to do a room upgrade into the Augustus Tower for an additional $40 a night. Apparantly it's the newest building in the hotel and it shows. The location is perfect. The casino, pool, front desk, and buffet are literally an elevator ride downstairs.. . The room itself was very spacious. Our room had two queen beds (although a little small) and a couch/coffee table in a fairly large living area. The LCD TV was a little dinky, and there was no free coffee. Be wary of the wet bar and snacks they place, they all charged to your room if you decide to consume them. $26 for 200ml of Grey Goose?! FORGET ABOUT IT! haha. . But the bathroom was my favorite part of the room. Two separated sinks. And there was a tv in the bathroom and the toilet was in a separated area from the sink area. There was a HUGE standing shower in addition to a jacuzzi tub. Perfect for two people if you catch my drift :P HAHA. . I wouldn't place it as high end anymore especially with some of the newer properties on the Strip. But its still pretty luxurious and swanky. Plus the location is right in the middle of the strip. Maybe because I had a great trip, but I would definitley stay here again!
We just stayed at Caesars for our 10th anniversary.  We booked a room in the Forum Tower, but received a FREE upgrade at check in to the Augustus Tower with a view of the Bellagio Fountains.  . The room was huge!  The bathroom was also huge with a marble walk in shower and jetted tub.  They also have flat screen TV's on the wall.  The beds are super comfy.  There is a separate sitting area with couch, chairs, and table.  . The staff that I encountered were all very friendly and helpful.  . I was worried that we would be up all night with the younger party types, but it was very quiet and we slept so good.  . The Buffet of Buffets pass is so worth it.  It is $45 for 24 hours and you can visit any of the 7 buffets as many times as you wish during that 24 hour period. It is a very good deal, considering we were spending around $45 per meal before we purchased the pass. The Caesars breakfast buffetis just ok.  The Flamingo has a much better breakfast buffet (included in the Buffet of Buffet pass). You can completely skip the Imperial Palace buffet; it was dirty, gross and they gave us used dirty silverwear! . Oh, if you want to use the pool at Caesars, you better get there early.  We went down one day around 2pm and could not find a SINGLE chair to put our things on because it was so crowded- and they have five pools!. Check in was a breeze, check out took  a little longer.  But this hotel deserves five stars all the way!  I would definitely recommend it.
This place is pager friendly.. . Great stores at the shop forum area. I really liked how they set off that area. Awesome statues and paintings every where. It was like a new world.
I stayed here once before with my anti-breakfast bf when I (was the best girlfriend in the world) surprised him for his birthday and flew him to Vegas for a night. We stayed here because he *loves* the Hangover, and I found a great room rate. . . Our room had like, 27 tvs and a view of the entire north end of the strip. It was incredible.
This place never dissapoints...the restaurants are good and the rooms have a luxurious feel...the forum shops are a must do ... imo one of the best places to stay in vegas
Saw Mike Tyson! Hahaha Sweeet
Im writing about the spa, i didnt even get a treatment...the rooms are amazing, diff saunas, cold room, roman baths etc...amazing vibe. Its pricey just to go in but since i stayed there i got a pkg that included entrance, make sure to take your time, i had to hit it on the way out and i wish i had a few hours. Oh and you might want to check if youre with a date, i think there is/are co ed rooms, so you can meet up an have tea or somethin, I wasnt aware and was bummed i didnt know that.
slip the front desk a $20 and get a free upgrade!
Loved it! For me personally, the hotel experience can make or break a Vegas trip. Caesars is one of the best hotels on the strip. Their customer service is awesome. They accommodate to your every need and are quick too. . The rooms are great! Spacious and clean with bathrooms that have almost anything you need (toothbrush, razor, mouth wash...). The tubs are awesome! They come with jets so it's like a mini jacuzzi in your room. Getting a room with a view is totally worth it. We had a view of the pool during our trip. . The pool is my favorite part. There is a large pool that's perfect for lounging in (nobody really swims). There are several smaller pools scattered. There is also the Venus pool which is 21+ and is more of a party pool. Be sure to go early on Saturdays if you want a chair. People take their tanning seriously and there's hardly any space available after 11. . Lots of dining and drinking options too! There's bars and restaurants everywhere. A bit pricier than other hotels but the food is good. . If you have a terrible sense of direction (like me) do not go wandering around the hotel by yourself. The place is so huge that its easy to get lost. I was there for 4 days and still couldn't find my way around properly. . I definitely want to go back.
Great service.  I left my phone in a cab and didn't know the name or number of the cab. They reviewed the security footage and tracked down the cab I was in.  Didn't get the phone back but they surely did all they could!. . PS - Amazing pools but drinks are expensive.
This place is breath taking you have to go here if you go to Vegas.. There is everything, shopping scenery, but don't forget your camera!!
really sylish looking so amazing great
One word- MASSIVE!!!!!!!!  You can easily get lost in the place!! . . As soon as i walked up to the front doors of the beautiful Hotel, I immediately thought of "The Hangover" scene where they all check-in and Zach Galifianakis' character asks the Lady if this place is pager friendly.. LOL!! . . Anyhoo.  This place is filled with not only a HUGE casino but its home to some famous restaurants such as Bobby Flays' Mesa Grill with his take on southwestern flair with his grilling skills!! . . Also u gotta check out Caesars Forum shops! Another indoor mall which makes you feel like your outside! beautiful fountains, Aquariums and  sculptures surround this place. They even got a live statue show of the Gods! This is truly a Hotel that's gone above and beyond!! I would definitely recommend this place for anyone !!  i might even get the $4500 per night Villa like in the movie.. lol. ya right!
Love love love love love this hotel.  . We stayed here for my friend's 21st birthday.. . What I will say, before I say anything good, is that it is very easy to get lost in here.  This place is massive.  We, in fact, did get lost on the way to our rooms.  But once you know where your room is located, you're good to go.. . I didn't eat at any of the restaurants here and I didn't gamble, so I can't say much about those things.  But this review is mainly for my experiences with the staff, rooms, and pools.  . . Upon walking into the room, I was in shock. There is so much space in these rooms!  I didn't feel crowded in this room at all, even after all of our luggage was spread about the room.  The beds were amazingly comfortable.  I slept like a baby all weekend - and I usually have a very hard time falling asleep.  Lighting in hotel rooms is usually an issue with me, but they had a light in the hallway, two lights by the beds, and a lamp as well.  So I didn't feel like I was sitting in the dark at all times. . . Now onto the bathroom.  Amazing.  Wonderful.  I love a bathroom that four girls can share without feeling the need to elbow each other to get things done.  There was a jacuzzi tub (that all four of us fit in, because we tried it), a long sink with a mirror covering the wall of it, and also the wall ofthe jacuzzi tub.  The shower is in the corner.. but the door is clear.  So to fix this problem, we hung towels over the door so we could all go in and out of the bathroom without having to worry about seeing lady parts that weren't ours.  The toilet has a separate door, which is even better, because the whole bathroom isn't taken up.  . . Room service was thorough and very nice.  The TV was standard, nothing special.  Our view was of the back end of the strip, so I could see Encore.  . . Our rooms were right by the pool, so if you go down the elevator, you're just right there.  I LOVE the pools here.  There were so many, and we visited all the ones we could.  We even got into the Venus European Club, but quickly left when we realized, upon entering, that it was a topless club.  I don't like seeing other lady parts.  Mine are fine for me, thank you.. . We stuck to the main pool, which was Athena's pool, I believe.  The water temperature was perfect on a hot Las Vegas day in July.  We even got a couple drinks to have while we were in the pool and they definitely hit the spot, but they were very expensive.  . . I would recommend staying here, I loved it.  It is a little pricey, but if you have friends that can split the cost, why not?  I will be coming back, if I can.
I've always loved the architectural aspect of Caesar's Palace since the first I've been there as a kid. Of course, things and buildings get old as time passes. Nonetheless, I am never sick of going to Caesar's every time I am in LV. They have Forum Shops, Max Brenner, Serendipity, to name a few worth to try places.
I will only stay at Caesars when in Vegas! Caesars is truly a picture of  the classic, self indulging ,Vegas experience.. . My girlfriends and I stayed in a deluxe room in the Palace Tower. Our room was very nice, with a great view. It was also quite spacious. I loved the jacuzzi tub and the comfy bed (even though I only slept about 2 hours the entire weekend).. . The hotel is in the perfect location on the strip...in the middle of everything! The only time we ever got a cab was at 5am on our way to the palms. The staff is extremely hospitable and will help you get in anywhere, or give you good recommendations.. . Caesar's has my favorite pool  (its actually a pool complex),and they even keep the Venus pool open year round.. . You could honestly stay in Caesars all day and be completely satisfied. They have lots of dinning options (the buffet, although not as good as the Bellagio's, is delicious), the spa is expensive, but worthy of the emperor of Rome,  the shopping is intense, Pure is tons of fun, and so are the other countless bars. What else do you need!?. . Caesar's casino was my favorite, because I won lots of money and I found the crystal chandeliers a soothing surrounding to my black jack game. Cha-ching!. . Plus, this is the Hangover hotel, how can you go wrong staying here!? Just don't leave your friend on the roof and forget about him.
We were upgraded to a junior suite by Douglas (players club status).  Douglas was a professional and we appreciated all he did for us.  I actually dropped my sunglasses on the counter and he noticed they were bent and proceeded to fix them.  I cannot thank this man enough for the extraordinary service and welcome.  The room was fabulous.  2 bathrooms with a large jetted tub, dual shower. Bed was so comfortable.  Very quiet.  We stayed 5 nights and couldn't ask for anymore. Excellent location and all star service!
i walked inside this hotel as I was walking the strip, and this place is fa-a-ncy! They have great decor and fancy sculptures and fountains... . I wish I could afford to stay here for the weekend, but unfortunately its quite pricey :(
Here for a conference and found myself walking around this beautiful place.  Love the Forum shops and the casino floor is so unique.  It helps when you are sitting in lectures all day to be able to sneak out for a break and take a few pulls on your favorite machine, or walk though the forum shops browsing for a special item. Someday, perhaps I'll get a room!
best time of my life at ceasar's palace, this casino is by far the best looking from the inside out, their customer service is the,best and im a picky son of a gun. I played the roulette table in their pussy cat dolls section, they had strippers dancing on poles in front of the tables. The girl at the roulette table,named aileen was the,best she keeped the drinks coming I played for 2 hours and had a great time doing it. Other than that this hotel resort and casino,has many things to offer, valet parking moves fast and the I would recommend you come and spend your money here.
NO RESORT FEES!!! Most every hotel in Vegas charges MANDATORY resort fees of typically $25 per day. Caesars allows you to choose wether you want to use the rest of the resort and pay the fees.. . This was my first experience at Caesars.  What really sold us in the first place is the location, we never stayed there, and of course the extra $75 in our pocket for resort fees.. . The experience with the service was great and location is excellent so overall it gets my full five star.. . We came for New Years.  Valet as with pretty much all Vegas hotels is complimentary. The Hotel/Casino is beautiful with tons of restaurants and shopping to match. . . The customer service was so exceptional here and really started our 2012 off the right way.  My friend Will and I arrived and upon checking in the front desk attendant asked if one King bed was ok.  We asked her for two beds.  . . She took a few moments, apologized for our wait, and then came back to tell us unfortunately they did not have two beds, so they upgraded us to a 1300 sq ft suite facing the strip and that they would get us a rollaway and if that was acceptable for us.  We were like....hell ya!!! . . So off we went to our Suite.  Beautiful!!! Pics attached. . . The rest of the stay was excellent. They called to follow up and check that our stay was great.  If you asked someone at the hotel if they knew the direction of a specific area....they would not only point you there. They would often walk you there.  . . I could not believe that in such a busy time of New Years that they really made so much effort to ensure their guests were taken care of. A+
An old but renovated hotel.  Stay in the octavious towers for sure.  This place is huge so expect to walk to get anywhere although its in the center of the strip. Try a drink at numb located in the casino or try your luck at the tables. Pure is also a nice spot to see or be seen.
The nicest standard rooms in Vegas are in the Augustus tower at Caesars (just narrowly beating out Palazzo).  The older Roman and Centurion rooms are no where near as nice.  I would recommend the upgrade if you can get it.  The Palace tower is also very nice and the Forum tower, while smaller has also been done up.. . Nothing says Vegas more than Caesars.  It's corny, garish and cool all wrapped together.  It's also dead in the middle of everything.. . Make sure you have good walking shoes as everything requires a bit of hike.  Also Vallet park as the self parking is remote and hard to get in and out of.. . Best Diamond Lounge of all the Harrahs properties.  I've stayed here at least 20 times over the last 10 years, probably more.
Wonderful hotel - very beautiful with top-notch shopping, restaurants and plenty to do. PURE night club is awesome!
Awww the sweet memories of Caesars Palace. Being walked in on by housekeeping, doing a cartwheel in the hallway andtore a hole in the robe. The amazing pool. Everything! I stayed here in 2010. The rooms are great. Good quality soap, and as I mentioned before the pool. They have several pools. Main, a few hidden ones and the best one of all, the guest only pool. I wasn't a guest but my family happened to be staying there so I just took the key and showed local ID. Locals get a pool discount!
I really enjoy the  "feel" of this place!  It's difference from the new Vegas . It still has the MAGIC  I  expect from Vegas.  I don't really care for many of the newer hotels,  I feel they have non of the old time charm of the "rat pack" days.
I stayed in the Palace tower and it was wonderful.  This was by far the nicest hotel I have stayed at in Las Vegas.  The room was a bit of a walk from the strip so bring your walking shoes.  Other than that everything was 1st class!
Once again here is another non-food review, but after seeing some of the ones on here I felt compelled to do this..Hail Caesar!. . So first and foremost, I think for what is actually given room wise the price is more then adequate..I have my total rewards card and I'm not sure if it helps out or not, but I always have found the room rates to be well within the price range and certainly well worth every penny when it's all said and done..I have seen in some reviews that price is an issue and I pose the question of why you go through with it then..GO TO A MOTEL 6 and at the very least not hold Caesar's liable for your poor judgement!. . I have stayed in both the Forum Tower and just recently the Augustus Tower which once there I don't think I can stay anywhere else! The room we had literally faced the Bellagio (even from the bed laying down I was staring right at the "O" sign outside of the Bellagio) and is about twice or even three times the size of my apartment..How can you go wrong with that? The deluxe room had a king bed, couch, "dining area", and of course the most kick booty view ever all for as I said above an AFFORDABLE price! Overall, I really don't see myself going back to anything lower then what I experienced here!. . Staff wise I had no issues at all during the entire trip..I mean everyone from casino attendants to security smiled and said hello so certainly the other reviews with non cordial individuals seems out there to me, but who knows maybe I just got lucky? Either way I have no complaints nor have I ever been mistreated during my 2 stays there for that matter.. . I do admit that having a Tower Room makes it easier to walk to the parking structure when it's time to actually go back home, but having the Augustus Tower room definitely made a difference when tired from walking the strip as it was right at the front of the casino..I guess that's a tit for tat sort of deal right?. . Before I ramble I can say this..It is not that far off price wise from any other hotel WORTH staying at and it's good to feel catered to and if I have felt like Caesar himself after my stays here then they are doing something right. I'm anxious to come back for many more outings and innings..Haha
It was more like 4 1/2 stars, since our stay wasn't flawless. In my opinion this was among the most aesthetically  pleasing casinos in Vegas. .          It's not cheap, but our room was top notch. One of the most overused (but true) cliches is "You get what you pay for".  The room was spacious, exceptionally clean, and we had an awesome view of the strip from our window. However, my favorite feature was the giant jacuzzi tub with large roman tapestry designs on each size (I'm a sucker for large bathes). .          My only minor complaint was with the room service. Our breakfast was about 15 minutes late and they forgot our sides. I know that sounds a little nit-picky, but for the price paid for the service, I felt it needed to be flawless.  .          I also appreciated the large fountain and aquarium in the shopping area and all the roman replica statues and busts. The casino/shopping  area have a lot cool little details so be sure to look around..          Overall, if the opportunity arose I'd be thrilled to stay here again.
My sister (the bride to be) booked a special rate for our hotel room about 5 months in advance. We  made two changes to the reservation before coming for our stay. Both times were very easy and I had excellent customer service.. . My other sister (fellow bridesmaid) checked in while our other sister and I were on our way to Las Vegas. She got an upgrade and it was beautiful.. . Our stay was great. We were in the towers right next to the pools, PAYARD, and  not too far from the entrance. . . It was really nice to wake up and think "what should we do today? sit poolside? shop in the forum shops?" . . We walked from our hotel to places like the Monte Carlo, Venetian, Planet Hollywood, and it was fine. . . Although there are a lot of places to stay in Las Vegas, I think I will have to come back to Casear's Palace!
Great Hotel..... super nice staff great shopping mall....... I will see u soon again.
I really love, love, love, Ceasar's Palace! We had comp tickets for a deluxe suite, and although they were free the Hotel did not skimp on the luxury!!! The spa OUA, Fab Fab Fab, the pampering although pricey was undeniably the top of the line. Location is everything in Vegas, in my opinion even though I don't gamble. I did go there for a vacation, which to me meant sleep rest and sleep some more. The bed was super plush, the shower great. I just cant say enough. Staff super polite, This will be my place of choice next time.
The 5 star review is based on customer service- amazing!. . I was there for Memorial weekend- and everybody knows any holiday in LV is crazy... Sergio at the check in counter was suuuper helpful. He was able to get the two rooms I had booked upgraded complimentary and they were connecting.. . I would give 3.5 to the "upgraded rooms"... They were so plain and standard I wondered why they were considered an upgrade. But I was thankful the checkin process was smooth and easy on a holiday weekend- so any room there would have been fine.. . In all honesty- I'm not sure if I would stay here again... For the money- I'd stay at another hotel... But I'm really happy to know that their customer service goes the extra mile.
My favorite Las Vegas Hotel!. . I hardly get to stay here because of how expensive it can be but I usually try to stop on in when I'm out in Sin City.
I love this hotel.  The rooms are luxurious and spacious the restaurants are a plenty and the buffet is hands down the best buffet in town.. . The shopping in the Forum shops is some of the best, from luxury like Prada and Gucci to affordable like H&M you cannot go wrong.. . The place is just truly amazing and worth every dime to stay here.
We stayed in Octavius or Augustus (I forget) in May 2012. The room was very nice and comfortable; I slept like a baby and I showered like a Queen. Concierge bent over backwards for us; their humility and kindness was above excellent. I loved the pool and the service waitress who came by to check if we wanted anything during reasonable intervals. The gambling floor was huge and I often got lost. It seems this was done on purpose, haha. Tip: Bring a hotel map.
Cool place! makes me think of Hangover. All the hotels in Vegas are very cool andunique. Not for kids. If i was a kid i would have been very bored
About the room my boyfriend and I had:. . Can I first start off by saying that checking in was probably the most torturous thing... I live in Las Vegas, but I've never had the pleasure of staying at one of the hotels here. Somehow we managed to choose a line with the shortest amount of people but waited longer than those standing lines double ours! And the guy who checked us in put us in the wrong room (and a smile wouldn't have hurt either). Luckily we had a friend who works there looking out for us, we got a call and they promptly brought us our new room keys.. . Now aside from the waiting and the little mishap... The room was BREATHTAKING. Absolutely better than anything I could have never imagined! We got a suite in the Forum Towers on the 66th floor and the room was divided into a living area and the bedroom. . . The living area had a dining table big enough for 5-6, two huge windows that covered almost the whole wall with an amazing view of the strip, a large L-shaped couch, a lounging couch, a little coffee table, a TV, and a mini fridge stocked full of everything to quench your thirst (if you don't mind paying the extra money for it...). There was also a little stationary area, a coffee maker and built in controls for the curtains. You may be thinking, "wouldn't it be easier to just pull the curtains shut and open?" Well yes, but doing it with a push of a button is even better! And there's even a little half bath!. . The room... Oh the room is to die for! There's another huge window in the room with the same great view! A large king sized bed fit for well... a king! It had six super sized pillows and two little throw pillows and all white covers and sheets. Two little couches and another TV. This may sound like it's super cramped in there but it's not! There's more and enough walking space between everything. There's a... (wait for it) lovely walk-in closet that I wanted to steal! The room is very regal looking, yet still has a comfy feel to it.. . And the bathroom. Oh how utterly amazing the bathroom was... I was looking forward to having a nice relaxing bath before dinner and the wrong room we were in didn't have one so I was super bummed needless to say but this bathroom... oh this bathroom had a wonderfully amazing jacuzzi tub big enough for two! And the shower had 4 different nozzles (and no, that's NOT overkill). One slanted down, one over-top and two on the side; each with it's own knob and a separate temperature knob. The mirror has a build in TV with a touchscreen remote built right into the wall. Of course, there were complementary soaps and lotions and whatnot. There's beautiful marble and travertine tile (or at least their lookalikes) all over the place which gives it a warm and rich feel to it. Not to mention soft and comfy bathrobes in case you don't feel like putting on your clothes after your nice relaxing bath (like me!).. . Mirrors...  there are mirrors everywhere lol... A top ceiling to floor one in the living area, another in the bedroom and a checkerboard wood framed one behind the bed (for... you know... checking yourself out in the morning...). Everything was nice and clean and everything was perfectly in place. The carpet was very clean, normally I like to bring flip flops when I stay in hotels but I forgot mine this time but my feet didn't get dirty at all so that was a major plus for me!. . I got a huge break on the price of the room because of my boyfriend's friend, but it was still kinda pricey... However, it was worth every last dollar! And I mean it! We loved the room so much we didn't want to leave, and honestly, I would model my future house based on this room. But checking out was super easy, done right from the TV, which was good because we were running a little late. I highly recommend the Caesar's Palace and if you can, spending a little bit more for one of the suites. Trust me, you won't be disappointed!
Here is my short and sweet 5 star review of our July 2012 stay at Caesars Palace.... We are Total Rewards players and had a very good comp stay but were generously upgraded to the Augustus Tower. An elegant spacious room (3989) with a great Bellagio fountain view! Room was very clean and maintained well by house keeping. Beds were firm with high-end linens and comforters. Well stocked mini bar. Nice Sony plasma tv. Furniture was sharp, comfortable and stylish. The bath was great... All current design marble bath with an over sized jetted deep tub, separate shower, separate water closet and nice Qua Spa bath products. Also a small tv, blow dryer, vanity mirror. The room had a good amount of storage area and a safe, iron and ironing board. Hallways are also beautiful design and very clean. . The pool was a big hit with us since Caesars doesnt tolerate or condone a "spring break" scene.... It's a great mix of all ages in a relaxing beautiful setting... They do get busy but chairs are usually available... Food and drink service was great. We really appreciated this well maintained beautiful pool area! . We enjoyed massages and relaxation at Qua Spa.... A class act spa... Worth every penny! . Lots of food and shopping throughout the property ... Some affordable some expensive. The casino is up to date and lively with lots of machines and tables... Smoke was comparable to other casinos. . In conclusion ( I really did shorten this) ....We were very happy with our stay at Caesars... From reservations to check out we were so well taken care of...it really was apparent that management is doing something right and guests are having great experiences! Thank you Caesars!
Lifestyles of the (not) Rich & Shameless.. . You know life is good when you're wading in the Temple pool, water falling down from the fountain above, massaging your head & shoulders, cooling off from the dry Las Vegas heat.  . . My stay was at the new Octavius Tower, which recently opened at the beginning of the year.  The Augustus & Octavius Towers have a separate entrance & lobby, which successfully segregates VIP' s like me (LOL) from the plebs staying at the more economical Palace Tower.  Early check-in was a breeze, and I was soon on my way to room 6278.  . . Room - OMFG!  This is nice!  2 queen beds with 4 pillows & a bolster greeted us as we walked in.  A large, flat-screen TV w/ media hub, a Keurig coffeemaker, well appointed minibar & couch were available to peruse at our leisure.  The carpeting was nice & soft, and the room window had a pretty decent view of the Bellagio fountains next door.  . . The bathroom was spectacular!  There were dual sinks w/ another flatscreen TV, a whirlpool bath and a separate shower w/ a rainfall showerhead & glass door.  I drew a couple hot baths during my stay and enjoyed soaking my old man body, with the jets seemingly making all my worries go away.  The complimentary bath products were Gilchrist & Soames Qua Bath & Spa.  It could be the just the fancy packaging, but they seemed luxuriant.  . . Pool - The Temple Pool is gorgeous.  Forget going in the afternoon, because it's literally shoulder-to-shoulder.  All someone can do is stand & pee.  I made sure to head to the pool the next day when it opened at 8am.  About 30 patrons had the same idea, but fortunately, they were concerned with confiscating pool chairs for sunbathing.  I had the circular Temple Pool all to myself for around 20 mins, in which I swam and waded underneath 1 of the 4 fountains as described earlier. Great way to cool off.  . . Complimentary coffee & tea is offered at the Augustus/Octavius lobby during the hours of 7-9 in the morning.  Bonne Maman honey from France is offered in individual mini-jars, of which I have about 10 here at home awaiting for my disposal.  Hey, it's free!  Don't judge!  Across the lobby is a Starbucks in case you don't fancy the free stuff.  BTW, Starbucks located in hotels/casinos don't offer free WiFi.  Bummer.. . Express checkout was a breeze.  I reviewed my bill on the flat-screen TV, confirmed checkout and left the room keys in the room.  . . I had the time of my life.  I felt like a foreign diplomat on my way to meet Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton over cucumber sandwiches to discuss diplomacy.  If you have the money to burn, I recommend staying at Caesar's Palace and re-enact your own "Hangover".. . Good times.. . Excelsior!
A great hotel and casino with a spectacular view of the Strip!
4.5 . . Had very nice stay at their forum tower suite this time.  We were there for 6 nights 7 days.  This is the third time we stayed in this grand hotel, and I felt I owe this hotel a nice review. . . We only stayed at the Augustus Tower before,  but this time I wanted a bigger room.  So its between the view of the water show and the roomy suite. There are pros and cons about staying in this tower.. . Pros:. . Closer to everything, it's basically in the middle of the hotel.. . Very spacious suite big enough to have a party. . The suite has very good amenities with neat little convenient features like the curtain control panels for all the windows, privacy button, TV embedded in the bathroom mirror, etc.. . Hugh walk-in closet with a safe. . . Nice tub in the suite bathroom.. . The shower has four different shower head targeting at different area of the body.  Kind of useless in my opinion, but it could be a very nice feature for someone else.. . Good house keeping service and room service.. . The peeves.. . It has no microwave!  The main reason I wanted a suite was to have a microwave, so I can warm up my coffee and tea, etc., Although there is a k-cup machine for coffee, but u can't use it to warm up stuff.  I've never stayed at a suite where there was no microwave.  It use to be $10 to rent one from the hotel when we stayed at the other tower, but they discontinued this service as of last month. . . Loud A/C, sounded like someone was taking shower in the neighboring room but it turns out it was the A/C.  I didn't get good sleep for the first few nights due to that.. . Outdated depressing elevator, slow moving and old decor.   Elevator affects people's mood especially if u just lost ur money in the casino.  . . Depending on which room u get, some rooms have the view of Rio and parking lot, but no view for the Bellagio fountain show.
This casino has so much to offer over such a large space, one could very easily go inside, and never leave until their trip was over. The rooms are great (I was lucky enough to stay in a room with a lovely view overlooking the Bellagio water show), there's plenty of shopping and dining options (including the fantastic Mesa), the pool complex is absolutely beautiful and relaxing, great shows at the Colosseum, and then there are the forum shops. Throw in a great casino floor with high ceilings  to help keep it from getting to smokey and you've got everything you need.
Everything you could need is here.  Yes you can venture out... But why would you?!
Suite dreams are made of these! the Octavious Tower Suites are the best bet on the strip... Especially if it's comped! You get your own VIP check in and valet entrance
They've revamped the rooms since the last time I stayed a few years ago but I love it!. . I stayed at Caesar's for my birthday week in Vegas and I'm so happy I did since it's my favorite spot.  Our tower was directly next to the pool so I enjoyed the fact that I could just walk out the elevator with pretty much my bikini and go straight to the pool without having to walk through the casino and half the hotel.
Caesar is alive and well herein his mighty palace, as one is transported into the realm of the carnal god surrounded in beauty, luxury, and an unconquerable military who dominated the planet before the reformation corrupted the glorious antiquitous pagan culture. Roman guards stand tall and proud as the Emperor partakes in the world's fineries. Comely courtesans are accompanied by their lords, statues and tapestries, columns, saunas, and pools array the courtyard to form an earthly heaven for its fortunate occupants.. . Oh, but for the Circus Maximus again.... . Dining recommendation: Nero's Steakhouse featuring prime beef that melts in your mouth. Great service, beautiful environment.
3.5 stars overall for this ?. i doubt the reviewers here are 4seasons/ ritz carlton type of customers so gimme a break.. the pool area here exceeds other strip/off the strip joints.. 7 pools (2 are private/ club affiliated) but the main pool if you will is huge.. there are TONS of poolside lounge chaises & even the big kingsize beds are up for grabs if you work it ($200 something rental ). there are cocktail waitresses ($10 beer $15+ cocktails) .. the sun hides around 5 though which is the only sucky thing.. our palace tower room (which ,by the way, is the tower closest to the pool. dont listen to anyone else.... palace tower closest to the pools. as soon as your elevator hits the ground casino floor, poof, your in front of the pool entrance.. ). & speaking of, the palace tower is the 4th nicest tower .  .... so,we went on a tues-thurs in early july & each night (including taxes) was around $150. our room was king size, 2 bathrobes, hot tub, his/her sink, walk in shower, & in a separate room was the toilet.. the parking lot,however,is super far from check in desk.. & our text msg check in didnt work.. no free wi-fi.. oh, & they charged me alot more than my guaranteed rate (the prob was fixed,but i was panicky while waiting on hold & that was not cute). this is a super hotel if you insist on spending $7 for bottled dasani water  on a strip hotel... or if you feel like splashing/tanning in the best pool on the strip / las vegas.. & might i conclude, i found a fu%&*# bargain !!. ----- OOOOPS i forgot to mention the best part ..!!. in the hallway, in front of the (big ) closet, there is a vanity desk w/ a lamp & a light mirror that flips over to magnify like crazy... but the fact that theres a lamp & the vanity mirrror lights up gives you crazy makeup options!  WOMENS DREAM COME TRUE------ the hubby can get shave/ crap in the other room, & we get awesome lighting / tons of space to apply our eyeliner!
This isn't the real Caesars Palace is it?
This is one of the classic hotels on the strip. A must stop if you are in Vegas. The rooms are nice and very clean. Do I need to say more it's Vegas baby. This hotel is classic and one of the best hotels on the strip. If you love to shop visit here. If you want to gamble visit here. If you want to get drunk and party it's all good because this place is happening. Do I need to say more it's Vegas baby.
Ce fut parfait. . Meme si j'ai du redescendre a la reception pour changer de chambre puisque celle affectee ne correspondait ni a notre resa sur Booking, ni a nos aspirations.. La suite vue piscine au 14e etage etait sensationnelle et nous en avons bien profite. Jacuzzi, sofa, lit extra large... apres 3 nuits de camping dans Yosemite ou nous nous etions geles, ce fut bien evidemment le Paradis.. Certes, cet hotel est kitch a souhait, clinquant et too much mis c'est exactement ce qu'on voulait voir de Vegas pour une premiere fois. La prochaine fois, on testera le Bellagio qui au travers d'une rapide visite semble parfait pour une seconde fois a Vegas :-)
Located on The Las Vegas Strip, Caesars Palace is a true classic. This is one of those properties that remains fresh and gives a nod to The glorious Las Vegas of yesterday. They just reopened the buffet and it is supposed to be incredible (A review is forthcoming). I recommend staying,  but even if you don't stop in, look around and enjoy yourself. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Caesars Place oh how nice it must be to be able to stay at this location? I only get to come pretend that I live the high life when I want to see a top notch show or have a good meal.  Of the 5-6 times I've beenhere in the past 18 months I've only been able to use their valet once (its always full).  The parking structure always have spaces but you have to search a long while desperately waiting till someone pulls out to get in.  (send yourself a text so you don't forget where you left your vehicle)  Just be prepared and add a good 45 mins into your plans to find parking if you are coming down. . . I've been to three different shows here, spent time on the casino floor, in the bars/restaurants, shops and have loved every minute of it.  Whether you want a 50k watch or a $50 t-shirt you can find it all in and around this lap of luxury just be prepared to pay for it.  I know it sounds like I'm complaining but trust me its nice not to have to worry about the haggard freaks you see on the strip and I'm more than willing to pay a few dollar more in order to enjoy some time with people who are dressed nice, smell good and still have a sense of class about them.
So, my review may be a little bit skewed. My mom is a Diamond Rewards member with Harrah's, which owns Caesars, so my experiences here have always been FABULOUS.. . We stayed in a great room in the Augustus Tower, which had an AWESOME view of the Bellagio Fountains. It was exceptional. The floor was also nice and quiet, considering it was packed. . . We ordered room service a couple of times - they were surprisingly quick, and the food was good. . . The customer service was exceptional - from check in to check out, and everything between, we were treated exceptionally well.. . Perks to Diamond membership? Skipping the line at the buffet!! The line was literally over an hour wait, and we walked right up and were seated. Awesome.
Best Pool.  Now best buffet.  If you're a comped regular here, this place rocks.  Great food options because of Forum shopps.  Just dont get stuck in Forum or Roman Tower and you will be pleased.  Service here in my 12 stays always impeccable.
Really nice property on the strip with the main entrance lined with shrubs and statues; you really feel like royalty. The newer Octavius tower has really nice rooms overlooking either the south side of the strip or a pool view (good for checking all the eye candy in the summer). This tower also has close access to the pool from the elevators, however it's a long walk from the elevators to the lobby and casino. The casino is huge and I enjoyed gambling there.
Impressed with this casino. It has been updated and though it is very "smoky" the restaurants and buffet that is coming soon will make this a great place to stay. The rooms are well designed and upgraded. The pool area appears neat and clean.
Our Wedding at Caesar's Palace's Venus Garden was absolutely wonderful and a big reason was our Wedding Coordinator Melissa Thomas!  We can't say enough GREAT things about her.  She had a solution for any of our questions and she had it right away!  Even questions about reception entertainment (artists, comedians, etc), she had a selection of vendors and price points for us within 24 hours.  My wife said Melissa's professionalism and knowledge made her pre-wedding preparation effortless.  We really could not of planned a better event.  ALL of her suggestions were PERFECT!  . . Our Wedding Guests said that EVERY detail covered and this Wedding was one of the best they attended.  Ceasars Palace package has everything for the couple and their guests at a great value!  My wife tried many salons before our decision on Caesars and said that Color at Caesars was by far the most impressive!  We would highly recommend Caesars Palace and Melissa Thomas for anyone wanting awonderful Wedding experience (before, during, and after)!  . . We also have to give props to our photographer, Luis and our Caesars Palace first contact, Valerie Thornton!  Our Wedding Video (posted online within 24 hours), pictures, Wedding Suite, Venus Garden, and Salon are some of the best options in Vegas in our opinion!  One conversation with them and Caesars Palace will feel like the PERFECT location for your most special day!
Stayed here for 50$ thanks to comps!! Would have been 300!. . Super nice hotel for 50 for me and my boyfriend!! Super big for us both too!! I think we stayed in the Augustus tower
What can I say? If you're a Diamond member (access to the awesome-licious Diamon Lounge with all the freaking free drinks you can absorb) and are staying in the Augustus or Octavius Tower AND go to the Qua spa...tis a ROCKIN time/place.  Staff was so very attentive to every need and kept asking if we were happy and if there was anything else they could do for us...a-w-e-s-o-m-e.... . Also, I never do this but we "was"starving one late night and ordered room service - Chinese food.  It was pretty dang good - this coming from an Asian!. . Rock on (li'l) Caesars!  Rock on!. . . PS.  Don't even waste your time staying at Harrah's - what a pig sty - and avoid Marcus Paige one of the casino hosts.  The guy is CREEPY with a capital "C" (and that rhymes with "P" and that stands fer pool!"  . . :)
Put a dollar in the Penney slots and won $50 HIYOOOOOOO! Plus the H&M inside the forum shops is the bomb diggity! For these reasons alone Caesars Palace gets 5 stars.
If you can request the Augustus towers than do it. They are new and awesome view of Bellagio fountains if you can get that south side view.. Like all nice hotels on the strip it is very expensive. Great location. I have stayed here several times and the staff is very cordial and wanting to please you. They realize you have a choice.
Everything about this hotel was good, not one bad thing to say!
OMG, LOVED staying at Caesars. From the hotel check in with impeccable customer service to our room in the new Forum Tower, this place was amazing.. . Our room was spacious and had just the right combination of class and Las Vegas vibe with a TV in the bathroom mirror to make us happy!. . The casino was bumping with tons of people from all walks of life and featured excellent shops and dining experiences from Food Network faves as Gordon Ramsey and Bobby Flay to megastars like Celine Dion and Shania Twain, to the popular Forum Shops.. . This is definitely a wonderful place to stay when you come to Las Vegas.  Can't wait to come back and stay here again.
We stayed here this past weekend and it was our first time staying at Caesar's . 1. I used my Rewards account and got a significant discount on the room . 2. upon check in the staff informed us that our room sold out for the weekend, so they upgraded us for free... no questions asked no hassle . 3. Everyone was very polite, they were helpful and I felt so welcomed . 4. the rooms were clean and beautiful. 5. the new buffet was amazing... (which i review on separately) . 6. NO RESORT FEE... like every other hotel in Vegas... really?. . I would definitely stay here again! Friendly staff, decent prices and a beautiful hotel
"..is this place beeper friendly.."  It has turned into one of the best hotels on the strip.  The have some of the best restaurants from Baccannal Buffett, to Rao's to Mesa grill to Joe's Seafood and Crab Claws to Payard's to Serindipity to now Nobu's.  The service is wonderful and the hotel has amazing gambling.  The shopping at the Forum shops is wonderful and they have some of the best shows in town.  This is one of the greatest resorts in all of Las Vegas.  There are many mega resorts that popped up, but Caesar's really stepped up their game!
best buffet !. nice room luxury room. snow crab. steak. stone pizza
LAS VEGAS - NOVEMBER 2011 PART I. . Hey Spring Breakers: "Deal of the Century". . Since spring break is approaching for college students I wanted to write a review for them. I stayed here for onNovember 2011 for to watch the Pacquiao-Marquez III bout. So why am I writing this now? I don't go to Las Vegas a lot and prior to this the last time I went to Las Vegas was on 2005. I'm writing this now because I don't know when I will go back to Las Vegas. (This is Part I of my Las Vegas vacation. Part I and III are the Wicked Spoon Buffet and Flamingo).. . On July of 2011 I made reservations for the Roman Room for three nights. For three nights I stayed at the quintessential Roman Tower. Unlike most hotel rooms this room was really spacious. The beds are not close to the TV at all. You have a lot of room to walk between the TV and the beds. The room did not feel cramped at all and made my stay here more relaxing. The bathroom was spacious and clean. This room also had a nice balcony. So how much did I pay for this type of room at Caesars? Would you expect about $300 a night? No. Since I booked it early (4 months prior to the fight) I only paid $73 a night. I'm honest no b/s. As my boss said, "You got the deal of the century". Also my first night at Caesars I won about $115 on one of the slot machines.
Stayed here Dec 2008. It was great we stayed in the Augustus Tower . The room was very nice we paid $230 a night. It is a luxury hotel the best hotel I ever stayed in. Nice huge casino, attentive staff, great room service. We went here last minute but next time we plan a trip in advance we will stay again. We couldn't get a good rate here for last minute super bowl Feb 2013. As you know it was booked.
We had been wanting to try out Caesar's palace for some time now, and on our spontaneous trip over the weekend, we finally got to. It was a great choice, as we were given outstanding customer service and were made as comfortable as possible.. . First off, we were lucky enough to have Nayel help us with our super early check-in at 10 am, which I might add, only cost us an extra $30! That was awesome. What was even more awesome was that she gave us a free upgrade from the Roman Towers to a luxury room in the Augustus Towers. Score! Sure, there were two beds and it was smoking - but that's fine with us since it was such an amazing upgrade! When we stay at Caesar's Palace next time, we are definitely going to look for her to help us again.. . In addition, the room was gigantic, with both a large tub with jets, as well as a separate shower. The beds were spacious and comfortable. We were warned about the motion censors on the food and beverages in the room, but one of the items had already been opened and moved. We let them know about this at the end of our stay, and they didn't charge us. Everything was spotless and neat. We had a great view of the strip from our side room on the 25th floor. . . It was also delightful to have the cleaning staff greet us as we would come down the hallway. I'm not used to staff being so friendly! It was great!. . I'm looking forward to coming to Caesar's Palace again.
The  suite was huge, several bathrooms. The views overlooks Bellagio's fountain and across the street is The Eiffel at Paris. They treated you like Royalty here, the ultimate luxury and they know how treat their guests!
Ceasar really did hook it for my trip this time around. WOOOHOOOO!!!!  . . Upon arriving early, we tried to check-in early which with we did for a decent fee and while checking-in, got a free upgrade to the Augustus Tower Deluxe room instead of the Roman Tower room that I had reserved. BOOYAHHHH!!! . . Got to the room and I was just filled with joy with how big the room was. Plenty of space and the nice! The bathroom had dual sinks, jetted tub, separate shower next to it, small separate room with the toilet which you can close the door on when taking a dump! hahahaha. Make-up mirror for the ladies and TV for the dudes! lol Had a good view of the strip. . Gaming tables are gaming tables to me. I played a little and I lost! :(  emotionless dealers but I had fun. . . Had buffet at one of the place in Ceasar with unlimited Mimosas which AWESOME!!!. . I had a blast and definitely would come back to stay here!!!!!
Yelp 100 Challenge * 30/100. . Joined some friends from Colorado and checked in for a personal staycation twice, once for each of the past 2 years - courtesy of Samantha. Both stays were comfortable and service was swift. During my first caesar's palace experience - with two other ladies - our room overlooked a beautiful view of the bellagio fountains. We were driven there by a service limo and driver was very nice and helpful. When we got to the hotel, bell service took our luggage and we ran up to our 2-queen bedroom. Toothbrushes, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, even cotton buds were ready in the bathroom drawers. Towels were plentiful. We would make use of the jacuzzi to soak our tired feet at night. . . Second time around, there were 4 of us. We checked in to a suite with a king size bed separate to the living room. Called for an extra bed and staff brought it up to us in less than 5 minutes. We were also welcomed with a table full of fruits & bottles of water. Plenty of space to lay things out. There is no free wi-fi. You would have to pay by the hour. So what we did was head down to the starbucks right by the elevator lobbies and lounged there to access the internet. . . Forum shops are not too far of a walk away. We strolled around the casinos and headed to serendipity - which is right out the main entrance - for breakfast the next mornings. Luxurious shops surrounded us but you have to realize that you don't have to spend a dime to enjoy yourselves. At times, Cleopatra and her guards hang out at the lobby and welcome pictures. Check out the Elton John and Celine Dion gift shops to view memorabillia and souvenirs. Luxury can be found in every corner. There are endless things to see here.
I absolutely love Caesar's. It's hands down my favorite place on the strip. It is centrally located, awesome facilities, and amazing restaurants. In fact the only think I don't like is the snotty little brats that work for Pure's Management Company at the topless pool. They act like we are all trying to break into their sorority party. . . Otherwise, this place is so amazing and you don't even need to leave Caesar's property. I can't wait to come back.
Loved our last stay here! Our room was in the Augustus tower with a view of the Bellagio fountains and it was excellent. The staff was very nice and helpful our whole stay, plus casino, shops, restaurants and pool area are among the best we've tried on the strip. The central location is a plus for walking and taxi fare friendly when we got tired of walking. Very classy hotel without being overly pretentious.
All around my favorite resort casino in Vegas. First off, great casino with lots of options and even reasonable minimums. The interior of the casino/hotel is amazing. They have lots of statues and paintings and really fall in line with the Roman Theme. The forum shops are great and include many of the popular designers with helpful sales personel. And finally, the buffet. The number #1 rated buffet in Vegas and it is well worth the $50 you spend to get in. Crab legs, sushi, steak, ribs, lamb, tacos, muscles, clams, pastas, you name it they have it and it all tastes as though it was ordered as an individual entre.
One word can sum up my stay here:  Amazing!!!  I've been to Vegas a ton but this was my first stay at Caesars.  Because of the experience, it won't be my last.  The service was fantastic. Every time I called the front desk to ask a question, I was addressed by my name. The cleaning staff were extremely friendly and their work was impeccable.  . . If you're looking for the modern, earth and stone look, this is not the place for you.  The room definitely had an older vibe. The bathtub was outside of the bathroom and there were mirrors everywhere, even right above the bed!  . . The location is great with lots of shopping and dining options.  The pool is nice too.  The surrounding cement does not get unbearably hot in the sun.  I was able to walk around barefoot everywhere!  Outside to the right of Serendipity's is the Mojito booth which my husband and I hit at least once per day during our stay in Vegas no matter where our hotel is.  We had such easy access this time though!. . Thank you Caesar for an awesome experience!
My third time to Vegas but this time It was focused on spas and vivalasvegas. I heard about their famous spa and roman baths and since my best friend lives in Vegas we decided to book two nights.  We self parked where we accidentally entered the employee elevator but they were very helpful and lead us to the main entrance. It's a lot to cover with your wheely bags but we made it to the front desk. I had heard about the long lines but it was average.  We had Cheryl check us in and she was lovely. I had read some negative reviews on their service but I was very happy.  She even upgraded us to a deluxe suite.  It was Amazing!!  We had 1000 sq feet of luxury.  The bathroom was to die for a with Koehler SoK tub. If you don't know what that is...it's a tub where you can fill it to the top so your shoulders don't get cold and the extra water runs down the lip that is all around. It had jets and light changes. We each took a bath immediately! I couldn't find the toilet bit it was hidden behind a door near the fabulous sit or stand three shower head shower.  The bed relaxing. The cleaning lady was adorable! Big tip! Do not take anything out of the fridge unless your going to drink it. It's weighed n computerized so they know. They will then charge you a 25 rental fee. We had brought a bottle of prosecco to enjoy. Oh well. My friend forgot her toothbrush and they sent one up. A small fee but very helpful.. The qua spa was incredible and a MUST! Pricey but if you have three hours to relax to for it! We need to treat ourselves more often.  We also ate at the old Homestead steakhouse which was divine. The ribeye cooked perfectly.  We sort of never left the Caesers compound we loved our room so much!  Peyard for breakfast is you want that French experience which we did.  Always great service everywhere. If you sign up for their rewards card they do small discounts at the restaurants. We weren't their to gamble just to spa it up and eat!
Rating all the Vegas Hotels/Casinos that I have been in, it is only fair to give Caesars one up, because when it comes to Vegas, Caesars is as good as it gets!. I think its everybodys highlight to walk through here when enjoying what the strip has to offer.. Though the shops and restaurants, the bars, everything is more expensive here than elsewhere on the strip, everyone still wants a piece of it.. We wanted drinks but they were so expensive we went for some pralines at Max Brenners, shopping wise they have great lower budget options like H&M and a really nice one at that.. It's beautiful and fun to stroll through every single time.
Clubs, cocktails, casinos, crazy weekends ... if you love Vegas as much as I do there is no better place to stay than Caesars. . . Caesars is located in the heart of the strip, right next door to Bellagio, and a short walk from both the Venetian and the Cosmopolitan.  . . The casino is huge, filled with blackjack and craps tables. Bring your friends, bring your chips, and enjoy the night with free cocktails. If you have never played craps before this is the place to learn. Be careful though, your first roll of the dice is intoxicating after one night you will be hooked. . . Caesars also has the best sports book in Vegas. If there is a game you want to watch, this is the place to come. You can bet on anything and the environment cant be beat. . . Caesars I love you more than you will ever know, I miss you dearly, keep a light on for me, I promise I'll be back to visit soon.
The decorations of the Casino was great! The Weekend Champagne Brunch was AWESOME!  The food was delicious, The have food from a lot of different cuisines, our server was great on keeping our champagne glass full. for $49.99 a person it was well worth the money.
I was very fortunate to be able to stay in one of the Caesars Palace Hotel's suites a few years ago. Not only was I taken back by their amazing hotel room, but their entire Rome themed property surrounded with beautiful pools, tall marble columns and life-like statues.  I've been coming to this hotel for years, and the atmosphere never ceases to amaze me.. . The property boasts tons of restaurants from gourmet to casual dining including restaurants from famous well-known name chefs such as Bobby Flay, Gordon Ramsay, and Nobu Matsuhisa along with more casual family dining such as The Cheesecake Factory and Planet Hollywood.. . They also have lots of gaming space, including an immense Race and Sports Book area where you can bet on your teams or just follow the action on one of their oversized flat screens or LED board.. . You could also dive into one of their five spacious, elegant pools, enjoy some relaxation in their spa, indulge in a drink or two at one of their bars or see their live performance show with the famous Celine Dion singing her greatest hits.. . Another reason I enjoy staying at this hotel is for the shopping found in their Forum Shops.  You can pick up the finest apparel, jewelry and other gifts there from stores like Banana Republic, Bebe, Bath and Body Works, Christian Louboutin, Coach, H & M, MAC Cosmetics and Tiffany.  They even have an Apple store!  Okay, so I only named a handful of MY favorites, but you get the point.  They've got everything!  I will definitely be back the next time I'm visiting Las Vegas!
We just stayed at this hotel for two nights and it was wonderful. When we arrived I requested an early check-in and they gave me a free room upgrade to the luxury tower suite. I did not ask for an upgrade but the extremely kind woman at the front desk gave it to me. The room was amazing, overlooking the pool, and had a jacuzzi tub and stall shower. It was awesome. The entire hotel is dedicated to extreme customer service and is highly responsive to all customer requests. We ordered room service and it arrived 30 minutes later as they said it would. The prices are comparable to other high end hotels and the environment is pure Vegas style. I really love this hotel, the Forum shops are awesome, many coffee bars for when you want coffee in the morning, and every type of restaurant you could imagine. Next time I want to stay at their Hotel Nobu because it looks divine. =)
I recently booked and stayed at Caesars Palace for the first time in my life for a bachelorette weekend. Not only was it a great weekend, it was by far the greatest Vegas experience I've ever had (and I've had a LOT - stayed in most of the hotels located on the strip!).. . Service was impeccable; from the front desk to the pool attendants, everyone was kind, caring, attentive and appreciative of your business. This is HUGE for me. It's frustrating to stay in one of the newer hotels and feel like your being treated like a second class citizen because you're not staying in their penthouse. And when we tipped a bell hop or parking attendant, they took it with appreciation (unlike most my experiences when they just expect it).. . Rooms were great; beds were super comfy, loved the shower (and the shower pressure) and the fact that it had a spa tub - just bummed I never got the chance to use it!. . The pool was the perfect amount of relaxation with a good time. If you're into the whole clubbing-pool idea and want to pay at least $50 to layout on a pool chair, then this isn't the spot for you. The pool had a great mix of music from oldies to top 40's, the drinks were fabulous, and the pool attendant passed out complimentary otter pops while we were hanging out. What's not to love?!. . We went to Spago's for dinner - between the entire group, the reviews ranged from mediocre food to great. Mine was great (I ordered the New York steak) and I'm writing the review which is why it still gets 5-stars for me! But the service was fantastic! Our server was Charlotte - she was absolutely lovely; she was hilarious, helpful and knew how to get it done.. . After dinner, we ventured to Pure. Seeing as we were a bachelorette party, we were asked to join the VIP section which, I'll give you this, definitely made the entire experience 5-star worthy. That said, after several drinks, one of our group members was warned several times that if she continued to drink/dance crazy, she would be asked to leave and eventually she was. However, even THAT experience was pleasant! The bouncers were really nice and understanding about the situation.*. . At checkout, unfortunately I had to physically go checkout because I had to swap out credit cards to pay the balance. Were the lines long? Yes. Are the lines long everywhere on a Sunday checkout day? Yes. Why was this a 5-star experience? Because they offered complimentary waters while we waited in line.. . Overall, if you're looking for a nice and tasteful Vegas experience - stay at Caesars.. . * Our 5-star experience at Pure MAY have been because it was the weekend of Coachella which meant not a lot of celebrities around to take up the VIP areas. If that were the case, I'm incredibly thankful that the bride-to-be inadvertently scheduled her trip during that time!
One of the superior hotels in Las Vegas!. . A very luxury hotel that meets all expectations. No need to write everything I want to praise, because it is certainly well known.. . I can only complain about one little thing: The windows do not open. Not even a small gap, as usual.
Let me start off by saying that this place hooks you up.  I received an email about concierge service prior to my arrival.  I made a request and was told that I would receive a call within 48 hours about the items I was inquiring on.  Well since I didn't get a call back, I called them.  When I told them what happened, they quickly apologized and deducted $200.00 from my stay and sent me a limo.  What service.  I will always make this hotel my go to hotel.. . The detail that was put into this hotel is amazing.  The design the decorations were breathtaking.  The rooms were spacious (Palace Tower Suite).  I was totally taken back on the intricate detail of the columns, the pool area, and the statues on top of the roofs.  Beautiful details all around.  The huge mall inside was amazing. Anything you needed was in there.  The restaurants were great.  There was one that was open 24hrs.. . If you must go to VEGAS, definately stay here!  Its an experience you will never forget.
What's not to love about Caesars??? . Come onFriday or Saturday to see Cesar, Cleopatra and Anthony walking around around the casino to greet guess. Also gotta try the Bachanal buffet, it's #1 in Vegas right now
My new favorite hotel on the Strip! I go to Vegas for one reason and one reason only, and that's to have fun and Caesar's Palace is definitely a FUN resort. There's so much energy and movement, it totally embodies the spirit of Las Vegas. I stayed in the Augustus Tower which has easy access to the casino entrance, plus its own Starbucks inthe lobby. . My favorite thing about Caesar's (besides the buffet, Bacchanal, which was so good, it deserves its own review) was how many tiny little bars they located all over the casino floor. If you ever wanted to take a break and sit down (and not drink those watered down gaming drinks they pass out) you could easily find a fun bar to grab a quick cold one. I went to a few other hotels during this visit and that was not something they all offered. It's just nice so that you still feel part of the action, but not throwing all your money down a machine( throw it at a bartender instead, they are MUCH more appreciative!) . . It's easy to get lost wandering through here, but there's so much to look at it never really matters. It's practically dead center on the strip so it made it easy to get around to all the other casinos, especially because my friends were staying in a different hotel. Only complaint is that its FREEZING in the casino and the rooms. I think that's a general complaint about Las Vegas, but Caesar's seemed especially frio!
I LOVE staying at Caesars Palace.  Here's why:. . 1. For the price that they charge, their rooms are pretty nice.  . 2. It was in the Hangover, and every time I stay I hope I see Mr. Chow! . 3. LOTS of food options...both fancy and affordable.. 4. It's in the middle of the strip, so you are pretty close to everything.. 5. Their pool is HUGE.  If you are not in the mood to go to a pool party, you can relax in one of their beautiful pools! . 6. Forum Shops are awesome...so many great stores!. 7. Serendipity 3 is right outside...they have the best triple decker grilled cheese and frozen hot chocolate.. 8. Great photo opps everywhere - so many sculptures!. 9. Their lotion smells fabulous.. 10. Great service.  Last time the guy upgraded us, just cause he was nice. Also, they were pretty quick at bringing extra towels, lotion, etc.. . Only downfall: If it's your first time staying here, it's pretty easy to get lost.  The hotel is HUGE so make sure to ask for a map :)
We checked in and were upgraded to the Octavius tower. That and the Augustus tower are in the best location, close to the pool, buffet and exit to Las Vegas Blvd. You only have to walk across the casino to get to the forum shops.  . . The casino was only mildly smokey, I am usually sensitive to it, but it was OK. I did not smell of smoke after being there. . . Pool was great, swim up black jack, great bar and food, lots of choices for swimming, lots of shade too! We were there in June.  . . The Tower rooms have a VIP valet, that was wicked quick! Free too! . . Room was great, large bathroom, couch area, soft but comfy beds. . . Hubby enjoyed the SMOKE FREE poker room. . . Service was impeccable throughout our stay! . . The $25/night "resort" fee was annoying,  but that got you free, pretty fast internet.
One word can sum up my stay here:  Amazing!!! .   I've been to Vegas several time but Caesar's ranks as my favorite! The service was stellar!.Every time I called the front desk to ask a question, I was addressed by my name. I was here for a conference and lucked out with an upgrade to the Augustus tower Jr. suite, thank you!!. . Location is perfect with lots of shopping at the Forum shoppes tons of dining options!!. Huge pool, casino, everything. Let's be honest, Caesar's is massive!! Right in the middle of the strip, plenty of action all around!!. . Thank you Caesar for an awesome experience!
This place was amazing! Great service and the rooms were awesome! I would definitely stay there again!
I had such a good time staying at Caesars Palace that I was compelled to write my first Yelp Review ever! How 'bout that?. . Anyway, the coolest thing by far about this place was that I did not have to stop watching my FRIENDS marathon while I was in the shower. That's right, folks, there is a TV in the bathroom! Maybe some people may think it's tacky, but I thought it was effing awesome. And, the shower. Very roomy with great water pressure. Not only was freshening up a good experience, the naps that we took during the 111 degree weather were great amazing as well. Our king-sized bed was cozy and we didn't have to fight for pillows. Too lazy to get up and close the curtains? Why not just push the button right above the nightstand and have electronics do it for you? Mind blown. The non-smoking room really did not smell like smoke. This place was immaculate.. . The casino was excellent. Can't get enough of the SATC slot machines. The Bacchanal Buffet was worth the wait. The next time I go, I will have to remember that it's bigger than it actually looks! The Asian section was in the way back and I amost missed it! The bar Numb was yum. And, the proximity to the restaurants and stores at the Forum Shops was great, too. We didn't even have to go outside in the heat while we were all dressed up for dinner!. . This was the first time I went on vacation with the boyfriend, so I am glad we stayed somewhere so nice. I am not entirely sure how much he spent on our stay, but I am sure it was well worth it!
wow. hopefully my husband and i can spend a night here next time we're in Vegas. We had a lot of fun in the casino here and just really can appreciate the classy decor and architecture. Its a stunning hotel, and huge and perfectly located in the strip.. . if you're not staying here, go check it out! Its so cool!
Fantastic room, great price, location and great shops. Got a free upgrade to a much larger an nicer room. Dual waterfall shower heads, a lounge couch, chair, nice big screen TV, a huge king size bed. A fully stocked mini-bar with wines, beers, sodas and champagne. It was an amazing experience.
In my opinion this is still the Best Hotel in Las Vegas. I just spent three wonderful nights and had a blast! Dining at Rao's was Fantastic! My room was sparkling clean and the housekeeping staff did everything with a smile. The entire hotel is very well kept. Even that it is now pet friendly, which is something I still don't understand why taking an animal on vacation is a good thing, that just my opinion. There is so much to do there you really don't need to go any where else! I loved it. I had planned on going to the pool for just a few hours before hitting the strip and before I knew it I had spent just about most of the day there. It was just beautiful! It  was extremely hot and the waitress staff were happy just to get you a large cup of ice water and they had life guards walking around giving offering everyone ice pops. I'm going back to Las Vegas in a couple of years and Caesars Palace is the only hotel I'm staying at. PS: lock up your belongings if you stay anywhere else, I was on the plane home with a passenger that has his Rolex watch stolen out of his hotel room. I won't say the exact name of the hotel but its one of the new ones and it starts with a "W". See you soon!! Viva Las Vegas!! Love YOU!!
OCTAVIUS TOWER:. We never stayed here before and I decided to try Caesar's.We booked a room in the Forum Tower and decided to check-in at the Private Laurel Collection Valet.When we arrived,the nice lady was confused about us staying at a Casino Tower and privately Checking-in.We asked for an Octavius Tower Room.She had to call the Rooms Department,we thought we had to pay.Later,she decided to upgrade us at NO CHARGE!Then,we gave her a tip afterwards.. . The room is very nice.You have a Jacuzzi in the bathroom and a separate walk-in shower.The room is small,but it proved to be a luxurious room.I stayed at Palazzo the previous days,and this is better.The service (LAUREL COLLECTION) was great,the employees are super helpful and nice.The only minor con is that the drapes aren't automatic(I expect that is to a standard in newer hotels),but that is not a problem.. . -Rooms in the Octavius Tower are in the class of a Four Seasons or The Bellagio.. . Thank You Caesar's For Upgrading Our Room.. . Cannot Believe We Got Upgraded From The Second Worst Tower(Forum) To The Newest And Best Tower.. . CASINO TOWERS:Roman,Forum,Palace. PRIVATE TOWERS:Augustus,Octavius
Jacuzzi room in the Palace Tower was awesome! Close to the pool. Ground Level, past the elevators of the Palace Tower there's a blow dry bar that I never had the time to check out, but it looked convenient
My Home away from Home...When my husband and I come to vegas this is usally the place we stay at.  Amazing food, amazing suites, and great service.  Gotta love being a Diamond member as our Host takes great care of us and sets us up with a beautiful suite with a beautiful view....how can u not love it? Celine Dion also sings here...also recommend Absinthe show here!
I've stayed at the Augustus tower and the room was huge. Very nicely decorated too. My diamond card got me in the member's lounge that had appetizers and TV's.
While I didn't stay at Caesars Palace this recent time, I have to give a shout out to my boy JR at the front desk! . . I kind of got the vibe like he was new, but he stayed relaxed and was a very nice guy. He recommended a few places to go to, and got me setup on a Total Rewards card that gave me a $10 credit for a free drink or gambling at their hotels. . . The other employees nearby also were very professional in helping their customers. . . When I stay here soon, I hope their customer service is still top notch as what it seems like.
Just spent 3 days at Caesars in a comped room!  They offered to upgrade to a suite for $200/night but that kind of defeats the purpose of a comped room.  They did upgrade us to the 47th floor, what he called the VIP floor of the Augustine Tower.  (There is a 48th floor, but that's the penthouse.)   I did ask for a fridge which they delivered in less than an hour for no charge.. . Roomwas great.  Nice view of the north strip.  Bed and pillows were super comfortable!  Jacuzzi tub was nice after a long day.  Only thing that didn't work was the Ethernet cable for the internet so had to use wireless, which isn't bad, just noteworthy.. . My only issue is the parking garage is a good walk depending on which tower you're in.   I like to have my car ready to go on a whim so I'm not a fan of valet as it takes too long to be impulsive.  The other thing is it's SOOOOO big, it can be a bit overwhelming.  . . Still, it's beautiful inside.  The dealers I had were all super friendly and helpful with tips, and I even did OK on the slots which everyone said are super tight.  . . I will definitely stay again assuming I get a comped room as I'm too cheap to actually pay for a room in Vegas.  Would rather spend money gaming or going to shows.
Holy wowzaaaaaaaa! This place is unbelievable. I came here because they do in The Hangover...I didn't stay here I just played and lost money in the casino! Amazing!
We only came for the lunch buffet. Wow! Food was incredible and held us over for the rest of the night (I'm not kidding). Free mimosa's and a 2-hour seating limit (it was labor day weekend so it was very very crowded). A fair price for the quality/quantity of food.
They made up for it the second time around. First time I came I did not it at all so I complained and they comp me two more nights and the experience was just great. By far my favorite hotel on the strip. The best hotel the Total rewards owns. So much to do and eat
JR at the players club was very nice. He helped us with all of our questions and recommended places for us to go while we were in town. . . This hotel is absolutely incredible. One its huge, two its gorgeous any employee we encountered was very kind. Some day we will stay here. We are working our way up to this place.. . They did however send us a birthday drink  for being a part of Total Rewards, you don't have to use it here but make sure you stop by one of the players club booths and get a list of the places that accept the credit because some of them don't.
Awesome hotel, awesome casino, staff was nice, buffet was unreal, beautiful property.
Yeah maybe its because i gamble here a lot and thats why they treat me like royalty here but caesars palace is probably gonna be the only hotel i stay at in vegas forever  unless i lose a shit load than thats just my luck telling me to move to another casino!! I want to thank all the pit bosses, dealers and my host for all the request and comps you have given to my drunk ass but i appreciate that no matter how drunk and obnoxious me and some of my friends have gotten you still take care of me and treat me well and i am forever grateful thanks!
We stayed here to celebrate my birthday as well as one of our friends.. . Upon check in, the lady was very nice and quickly noticed we had two birthday girls in the party when she looked at our IDs. She was able to find us two rooms on the same floor like we had asked and was very kind.. . Our room was very clean, modern and a good size. The cleaning staff was very nice. One morning we had left, eaten breakfast, return back to the room because my boyfriend forgot something and housekeeping had already finished with our room. Everything looked great. She was even kind enough to ask us how our day was and if everything was good in the room. . . Everyone we ran into here just seemed so nice it was a very enjoyable stay.
Awesome hotel, great service, free upgrade, great view  etc....stayed in the Augustus Tower... room #3476 had an amazing view of the strip and bellagio fountians... will stay here again.
I am not sure why anyone would stay anywhere else. It is spendy, but we were treated like royalty and upgraded immediately.. There are upcharges for everything. But we were three pretty ladies, on a girls weekend in Vegas, so everywhere we went we were offered free entrance to clubs and guys pay for everything. It hit a point where it was a joke. I proved a point to one of my friends when we were at a bar and I leaned over to a guy and asked him to grab our tab - he said, "yeah, no problem". . It was that way for us the entire weekend.. For cab fare and other incidentals I was barely out of pocket a hundred dollars the entire weekend.. Caesars has everything you need, there was no reason to go off site. We had a blast!
I was just here for business... At a convention and I was "working" as an exhibitor. So basically I was on the expo floor talking to customers for hours... and then I would go back to my room... collapse and then roust myself and go back and do it again.... . So I wanted food, a bed, that nice big tub with the jet, peace and quiet and whatever service I required... given quietly, with cheer and yet not too much and you know what?. . That's the difference between a slightly "old school" hotel like Caesar's and a maybe hipper newer place like the Cosmo...  My room was great for my business trip.. . If I had brought someone with me - I might have been disappointed because it was a mix of really great and then slightly cut corners here and there... so yes, I'd have been not happy with having been trying to "impress a girl" with it.... . however... it's where i'd bring my Wife... Because Caesar's is 5 star service all the way.  If you know what that is... REALLY know what that is... then you know what I mean.  Unobtrusive... cheerful, quietly giving you what you want, when you didn't even know it's what you wanted.. . For example. Room service... they offer to come back and clear the dishes an hour later. And they do.  That little added effort where they don't make you call them to come get the plates...  of course you want them cleared... that's the difference.. . yea... the suite at TheHotel was more Impressive or the Balcony or Japanese Soaking Tub View of the Belaggio Fountain I had at the Cosmo last time... yes that is what I would bring someone who I was courting (yea, I was on another business trip and alone... ha.) but they made me call them to get my dishes and i Had to wait for them like two hours... and I ended up putting them outside the door so I could crash. So they forced ME to act trashy... ;). . I was surprised. I'd actually never stayed at Ceasars although I have dined and visited and enjoyed the casino... . . Oh... and the bed was awesome. Slept like the dead.
Wow...great service all weekend. The room was excellent, nice view of the pool. We gave stayed at several Vegas resorts and Ceasers is on the top of my list.
Gorgeous, immaculate huge casino and so much to explore and see. They did an amazing job with l of the details and an amazing shopping area!
We have many good and fun memories when we hung out here for our first trip to Vegas.  We had a successful blackjack run, slot run and drinking run.  I also broke my heel as I was walking across the casino.  I didnt care!  Maybe it was the aaaaa alcohol.  I hoped for a flip flop place or something so I asked the waitress where the nearest place was.  Luckily, there was a 24 hr shop in the lobby.  I bought some Dr. Scholls slippers and hung out all night..ladies...buy those in advance and bring them on a night out...they saved my feet!  The property was gorgeous by the way.   We saw many places where the Hangover was taped.
Overall excellent. Valet parking was super fast. Rooms were clean. View was great. We stayed at Octavius tower. Gambling area was fun and alive. Restaurants at the palace was great. Super nice shopping mall.
Five stars for amazing service, gorgeous room and the money I got and won here (: . . Our room was huge on the 45th floor. Nice sitting area, table and chairs, kind bed and entertainment area. Huge floor to ceiling windows acted as the most perfect end cap. Clean and modern just the way great hotel rooms are. . . The huge marble bathroom and jacuzzi tub were fabulous. So comfortable, soft towels, great robes. . . Everyone who we interacted with from the housekeeping to the casino staff were fun and nice. (: it was a fun night
Took my wife on her first trip to Vegas and booked Caesars because of its location, restaurants and atmosphere. I booked a non smoking room in the Augustus tower and requested a room with Bellagio fountain views. Upon checking in they tried to "upgrade" me to a room in the Octavius tower with a pool view. I insisted on a fountain view and they said they would provide me with a smoking room with an obstructed view. I insisted on a non smoking room and they said they would provide me with a non smoking room with an no fountain view. Iinsisted on a fountain view and they granted me the non smoking room on the 40th floor of the Augustus tower with a spectacular fountain view. We had a terrific stay and our experience at the shops, the casino, Mesa Grill, Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill and Bacchanal Buffet were outstanding.
