Just ate here for lunch! For the first day of being open, I was pleasantly surprised. Sure, the food took a couple of minutes longer than usual and they didn't have any straws-- but everyone was friendly and the food was delicious! I will definitely be coming back.
I have been waiting for this restaurant to open for a while. I work downtown and I am a big supporter of the downtown revival and locally-owned shops and restaurants. We need more restaurants downtown though.. . Thus, I decided to stop in and try their breakfast today. They just opened yesterday and I was surprised to see that it was packed! Since I was by myself, they sat me at the bar where I had a perfect view of the kitchen, and the hustle and bustle going on. I had the eggs with sausage and potatoes and they were delish! . . I am so happy that there is another option for food in the downtown area.
EAT is a gift to the downtown area. I had probably the best breakfast I have ever had downtown when I visited and I recommend everyone go try it. Typically the first week a restaurant is open can be a bad time to visit, but notat EAT. They had it together. The service, food, atmosphere and proximity to everything fun downtown will lead to its success. Really great job Natalie and co. on launching a true epicurean gem in downtown.
With the energy-charged locomotive of urban rejuvenation happening in Downtown Vegas, it's with much excitement that we ventured our way to it's newest arrival, Eat.. . From what I gathered, Eat is a casual venue, similar to a diner, but with a hipper atmosphere and a focus on quality-driven, locally sourced comfort food.  We have been waiting for this kind of establishment for a long time; Vegas definitely needs an urban identity with a sense of community away from commercial strip centers and suburban hubs.  Downtown is growing into it's own, shedding it's identity crisis of yesteryear.. . As the surroundings are still a bit shaky, the actual building was in good solid condition and the parking around the corner gave a sense of safety and comfort (still faintly reminiscent of 'The Walking Dead' withZombies eerily meandering the streets)..... . And as soon as you walk in, you feel a new presence has just emerged, a real sense of place.  We immediately fell in love-the interior is cool but not over-designed, an instantly inviting atmosphere that make you want to stay and enjoy what the kitchen has to offer. I had a terribly good feeling about Eat; and in my mind I was already coming back to eat.... . We're gushing over the design and atmosphere, but in all truth; Vegas restaurants outside of the Strip have much to be desired in terms of decor.  Many have great food, but are so lacking in interiors that are actually humane, (not some graphic design nightmare or some catalogue cookie cutter interior), some don't even bother with any decorations-it's bereft of joy.... . We were so excited that we decided to sit at the communal table (totally our last choice for seats in normal circumstances, but it was centrally located and we could see the entire room from that table). Loving every moment and excited for our Brunch!. . And we were in front of the open kitchen, so we could see all the action! Being that we came on a weekend, Eat was serving the Brunch menu which is our favorite meal of the day!  I was so excited, since I though we had missed breakfast and they had the most interesting items in the morning!. . Well, it was at the top of the menu and we couldn't resist ordering the Beignets dusted in Powder Sugar with a side of Jam and Vanilla Marscapone. It was a really great way to start off the meal and it was perfect with the Coffee!  BTW the table is set with Mugs and condiments in the center of the Communal table and Counter which is a great feature - kudos!. . I came in thinking I was gonna order one thing, but I ended up really cheating on my cheat day; The Chicken Fried Steak smothered in Country Gravy + Two Eggs Over Easy + Smashed Potatoes + possibly the best Rye Toast I've ever had!!. . I relished this dish, the chicken fried steak had the best crunchy texture that contrasted effortlessly  with the creamy/chunky gravy that was....really to die for.  It was a comforting country breakfast that I knew would last me all throughout the day and well into the evening.  The Eggs were cooked perfectly, Ioved scooping up the yolk with the thick cut pieces of Rye toast and the Potatoes sent me into overdrive.... . By our waiter's suggestion, Rick order the Huevos Motulenos: Two Eggs Over Easy + Red and Green Chili Sauce + Black Beans + Green Peas + Feta Cheese +Sauteed Banana all on a Corn Tortilla.  WOW...the flavors bursted with vibrance, but the real game changer was the Sauteed Banana-it elevated this dish!! I had no idea that this one ingredient could really create a whole different flavor profile that made me fall head over heels in love! The sweetness toned the hot spicy Chiles and added a gentler texture.. . We also ordered a side of the Chicken Apple Sausage which was extremely juicy and satisfying!  There wasn't one thing that we ordered that we wouldn't get again in a heartbeat-everything was amazing..... . And as any proud owner would, Chef Natalie came to each table and asked how the meal was, and we couldn't have been more happier with the food, the service and the ambience!  Eat is surely a destination restaurant and a definite must for anyone who has a love for comfort food and desire to patronize local businesses that work so hard to delivery great experiences!  We are devoted fans and will soon become regulars at Eat!!. . . Ratings (Out of FiveStars). Food:           5. Service:       5. Ambience:   5. . PERFECT SCORE!!!
Great food, great ambiance.  Had a BLT on crack with avocado, chipotle mayo and the most buttery, decadent sourdough bread around.  Staff was courteous, attentive and the pricing for food was great.  $3 for a soda is a bit high in my mind, but I'm willing to overlook since everything else was so stellar.
Great local b'fast in Vegas. Ignore the neighborhood and run (don't walk) for the tasty huevos multenos, one of the most inventive egg dishes ive tried.  pancakes were the bomb.  Dbl blt and grilled cheese were delish too. The place has a good vibe.
I haven't had this combination of high quality food, service, and overall restaurant experience in Las Vegas in a looooong time. Every person working there takes pride in what they were doing. The menu was simple and delicious made with fresh ingredients and came out of a well managed kitchen. Another review commented how Las Vegas has desperately needed a restaurant similar to what you'd commonly find in NY, LA, or SF. I absolutely agree with this sentiment. This is a great representation of what can and should be Las Vegas culinary culture.
Eat is off the path of the freemont experience, but it has an urban, cool feel to it. The food is a bit pricy but really worth it. I had breakfast there, though there are lunch/dinner options as well. The bread they use is SO fresh and tasty, and our server was exceptional. I will be back
We wanted to come down here to eat breakfast because of all the hype in all the local magazines. The food was amazing. Everything from the bread to the chicken was top notch. The Cooks were doing an awesome job working there butts off trying to get everyone's brunch out quickly. The food was delicious. The sausage was especially tasty. I will defiantly be back for the food.. . The waitress I had was a different story she was the dumbest waitress I have ever encountered anywhere. I don't know what her name was and I doubt she could remember it if I asked her. She was tall and brown hair and cross eyed. First it took forever to bring us drinks because she forgot us multiple times. We asked for straws and I understand sometimes you run out of things but she was back searching for an eternity and came back with two straws (there were four of us) and asked who wanted them. Awkward. She should have just said they were out. She then brought us our check but it had already been paid by someone else....ok do we just leave? So we confronted her about it and she gave us some BS dumb answer how she misused the plus and subtracted our....what?! She ran in the back and we never saw the brown haired blond the rest of our visit. Thankfully the good looking restaurant manager swooped in and saved the day by fixing our check she was on top of things. We will be returning soon but only because the food was amazing.49$ for 4 people
Add me to the list of people who LOVE this place.  I had the Huevos Motulenos - I don't think there is any other restaurant in LV that offers a breakfast this flavorful and unique.. . The atmosphere was cool and the selection of tea was awesome.  If you have not checked this place out yet, you totally should!
This place is awesome. Great atmosphere. And the food is great! I got a basic two egg breakfast and it was all perfectly prepared. My boyfriend had the chicken fried steak and that was delicious a well. Service was wonderful. We never had to ask for water. Can't wait to come back another time and try lunch!!
Probably one of the cooler restaurants I've been to in a while. I just had breakfast there and I was so compelled to immediately write a review. Eat is located in an area of Downtown that is being redeveloped. I'd say that this place is probably the impetus of redevelopment in its immediate area - the area looks like it could be kinda sketchy at night. But it was fine when I went in the morning. In fact, they are only open until 3pm, so don't be scared and check them out!. . Walking in to the restaurant, I really got a hip, trendy, downtown feeling - exactly what I'm looking for when visiting any downtown restaurant in any city. I was promptly greeted and seated. I sat at the counter, which overlooks the open-kitchen. . . The staff working there seem to match the hip, downtown look the restaurant is going for - tattoos, t-shirts and funky hair. I must've stood out with my clean cut look, but hey there are a lot of businesses in the area so I'm sure the "corporate" folk come here too, especially for lunch. . . I ordered the truffled egg sandwich, which, thanks to Yelp, seems to be one of the more popular items. My food came out quickly and I was a lot of food! The sandwich was in a perfectly toasted croissant and was topped with eggs, mushrooms and very crisp bacon. It came with a side of potatoes. . . Overall a great breakfast to start my day and a place you should check out.
So when I told my bf that I wanted to go here he immediately started to complain about the parking meters.  I told him to suck it up and we headed down there.  I first ordered a bottle of water and the waitress told me that they don't have bottled water.  My bf grinned and said "I think I'm going to like this place."  I was debating about what to order and then decided on the shrimp and grits.  I asked if I could have poached eggs instead of fried.  The waiter came back and said "the chef said no to the poached eggs."  My bf then got a bigger grin on his face and said, "I think I really like this place."  He claims to be tortured by myself and all my bougie girlfriends that are always trying to modify menu items - whatever.  . . Anyways the food arrived and was delish.  The shrimp was perfectly cooked which is a nice treat, since frequently, even at some of the best restaurants shrimp gets overcooked.  Everything is made in house and the fruit was excellent.  The fruit bowl consisted of berries and orange slices, not a mangy slice of tasteless cantaloupe or honey dew to be seen (blech).  The portions are regular sized, not grossly gagantuan and the food was beautifully presented.  The bill came to $38 for both of us.  Maybe a little high for an off-strip breakfast/lunch spot.  But when taking into account the technique used to prepare the food and the quality of the ingredients quite fair.      . . The service was relaxed but attentive.  The owner was walking through the restaurant and checked in on all the tables.  The vibe of the restaurant was more consistent with something that I would expect in Austin or Seattle, so a nice change from what you usually get in Las Vegas.
This is a quaint little restaurant located downtown. You wouldn't even know it was there from the outside. But once you walk in, the whole atmosphere changes. The decor is wonderful - done in greens and natural woods. Very pretty. . . We went there for lunch and there wasn't much on the menu to choose from but that was fine by us as everything we order was perfection. We tried the avocado BLT and the chicken sandwich. Simple but so fresh and the flavors melded so well together. . . I would recommend this place to everyone.
Delicious.. 5 stars.. the owner has passion.. we had a first hand exp.  Thumbs up!
This place is hands down one of the best new places to eat in Las Vegas!  From the ambiance to the food, this place rocks!. . It's located downtown off 7th street and Carson Ave.  While the neighborhood isn't the best, it's still safe and worth the drive downtown.  The decor is hip and trendy and perfect for the new emerging downtown feel.  You can tell the waitstaff both work and play downtown, and they are all very friendly.. . The menu is short and sweet and everything is delicious.  I've been here several times and have yet to be disappointed.  Not only is the food good, but the presentation is great.  The grilled cheese and tomato salad is great and flavorful, as is the free range chicken and mozzarella sandwich.  If you're going for breakfast, either the pancakes or the huevos motulenos (their most popular dish) are the best choices.  . . The Chef/owner Natalie is always there greeting people or helping put out orders and you can tell she really loves what she does and that this place is her baby.  I'm going to continue dragging all of my friends here and making sure everyone I know gets to experience eat.!
Great place for lunch. Black bean vegetable chili and grilled cheese is a great meal. Going to have to go back to try their homemade ginger ale.  Very modern chic/green type feel.  if ur in downtown def give it a try!
Service was great and the food was delicious. Me and My girlfriend went around 9 AM on a weekday and parking was really easy to find, which is another plus since the restaurant is downtown. Everyone seemed so genuine happy we came in, especially the owner. definitely will be back!
I was really glad to find this place. I didn't want a crappy LV hotel breakfast so we walked a few blocks over to Eat. It was perfect. Great food, great service, great atmosphere.
We found Eat through Yelp and it was a GREAT find.  Food, service and atmosphere were just what we were looking for.  Great change from the casino restaurants and worth it.  Pricier than the normal Vegas breakfast, but you get what you pay for!  We went twice - once by ourselves to check it out and then brought the family back the next day and they all raved about the food and service.  It is very convenient - one street over from Fremont.
Excellent little breakfast and lunch place. Friendly and fast service with a nice atmosphere. The brunch special breakfast burrito is fantastic! Definitely recommended.
Food gets a 5.  Noise level at community table gets a 3.  However, I went for the food and it did not disappoint.  I had the oatmeal, my Friend had a salad and my husband had one of the egg dishes.  Everyone one individually would have us come back.  I have been wanting to get to EAT since hearing Chef/owner Natalie Young present at Inspire.  Her passion for cooking and her business model were interesting -- her food is outstanding.
Fantastic comfort food and really friendly staff. The sandwiches are all very good.
Anyone who knows me and knows my eating habits well, knows that breakfast is not only the most important meal of the day, but it is also my jam!. . I've seen a lot of my downtown buddies post photo after photo on instragram about this this lovely little cafe that I just knew I'd have to get my eat. on and get it on with the quickness.. . First and foremost, bring quarters. All the parking near the restaurant is quartered. When we arrived we didn't have quarters. As soon as we walked in, the lady who greeted us with a warm smile, saw the two dollars in my hand and gave me change, saying she was "prepared!". . My friend and I were seated quickly and given menus that had us drooling and boggled as to what to order. EVERYTHING looked so good and the dishes fellow patrons were munching on looked divine, too.. . Our food arrived quickly and promptly. It was love at first bite. You can taste the freshness and the quality of the food. Each dish was made with love. Even the homemade jam had that je ne sais quoi magic to it.. . The service was amazing, there was a great sense of teamwork among the staff, I felt as if we had a not one server, but an entire crew.. . The cafe is beautiful and modern. Black and white, with bright green flourishes. The kitchen was open and clean. Nothing hidden. The lady who greeted us, came over during our meal and introduced herself as the owner and thanked us for checking the place out. I was thoroughly impressed.. . From great service, to great food, to a locally owned place. I love eat. I can't wait to head downtown and eat here again.
Loved it! The food was amaze balls and the menu size is perfect. While some complain its small and limited - it keeps things special and Delish. Maybe I'll change my mind once I have had an opportunity to try everything at least once. Great vibe - staff was friendly - and portions were hearty. I cannot wait to return. I support independents most of the time and this one should surely be supported and not just because its Downtown - support it cos its good food! No one we ate with was disappointed with squat! . Two things I'd like to see change - the in your face policy about check splitting or CC dividing  - it's everywhere including your bill folder.  Second - while I still have food on my plate - don't bring the check. Small improvements - and honestly if those are the only two complaints- it's me who needs to get over it!
Wonderful food! Ambience and location reminds me of being in San Francisco- eclectic dining with fabulous ingredients = success!
I was so excited to try this restaurant the second I heard about it. We decided to check it out on a weekend and the entire experience lived up to my expectations. Actually, it far exceeded my expectations. I always go out of my comfort zone and try something new, something I wouldn't make on my own at home. The Huevos Motulenos is by far one of THE best breakfast dishes I've ever taste. A little sweet, a little savory, and a little spicy. What a delicious combination. The ingredients are listed as: Two eggs over easy with red and green chili, black beans, peas, feta and sauteed bananas on corn tortilla. Wow, seriously, I could probably eat this every morning. . . I enjoyed the atmosphere. The restaurant is small, cozy, and simple. It's very comfortable and my two year old enjoyed being there. I definitely plan on making a return visit.
They had me at truffled eggs--then piled on a fresh croissant, wild mushrooms, feta, smashed chive potatoes--yes please!  My mouth is savoring this exciting menu full of fresh ideas which is obviously created with lots of love.  Eat is perfect for vegetarians and meat lovers.  Tofu scrambles and Veggie sandwiches are listed right along with chicken fried steak and roast beef with blue cheese.  The menu is short enough to try it all in a week but with ample variety to make u wanna come back.. Our server, Kenna is beautiful, super-sweet and bursting with enthusiasm for both her job and downtown Las Vegas.. Not sure where they get their bread from (we tried the sourdough toast and the croissant) but it is SO fresh, light, delectable.. The prices may seem a tiny bit high but this is definitely a get-what-you pay for kind of spot.. I am so impressed I will not take any stars for as many onions as potatoes in the smash mix or that my BF's egg whites were too salty.  Kenna fixed it right away with smiles and a new, saltless order.. I can't wait to come back for the black bean veggie chili!
I've been wanting to try EAT for quite sometime now and I finally made it there yesterday. I was immediately impressed with the atmosphere and decor. Buzzing with patrons, yet I could still have a conversation at a normal volume.. . The food was ab-so-lutely delicious. We ended up ordering five plates: The DWBLTA, the Shrimp Po' Boy, the Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup, the Pozole, and the Black Bean Veggie Chili. Had I been solo, I would have eaten everything myself. The Pozole had a great kick after swallowing a bite, the bread on the DWBLTA and the Grilled Cheese was so perfectly crispy/crunchy and buttery good. . . While we had our sights set on breakfast, we were not dissatisfied with lunch one iota. I'm looking forward to returning very soon to tackle the breakfast menu.
We were looking around for a spot to have breakfast at Fremont street experience. Finally we've found the "eat." via yelp. Convinced from the positive reviews we wanted to give it a chance. . . It's not far from Fremont Street Experience and after a 5 min foot walk we arrived. The menu contains about 6 dishes for each: breakfast or lunch and the sides as well - imho a real proof of quality. I had the "Two eggs any style with bacon, toast and smashed potatoes". I must admit: the eggs were perfect! The Bacon was thick and crispy - in combination with the thick-cut roasted wheat toast and smashed potatoes a real culinary delight. The waiters we're really nice and friendly and anxious. . . I can recommend the "eat." as my favorite breakfast & brunch spot in Vegas. Next time I'm around I'll definitely stop by.
This place deserves more than 5 stars! I stopped here recently and the food was amazing. The owner said she's been open for only 105 days and I couldn't believe it. The place ran smoothly, was extremely clean, and the staff was super nice. I wish them much success. Whenever I'm back in Vegas I'll visit here!
Took my healthy paleo-eating friends from DC here while they were in town visiting. When I walked in and saw the cute, retro, rustic decor, I said, "looks like a place in downtown Phoenix." When they walked in, they said, "looks like aplace in DC." Either way, I think that's a plus. . Bonus point for being located in the most random old hotel/motel off 7th.. The brunch menu is small, but good. We sampled the eggs benedict (I can't remember the name, but it was really good. Canadian bacon, spinach, etc...), beignets (yum! not for the paleos, of course!), and the biscuits and gravy. All were hits.. Service was friendly and prompt and all the employees were happy to greet our toddler.. The prices for food were reasonable (~$10 for a bfast entree), but I agree with Karlie that the drink prices were kinda high. I think my OJ was almost $5. I might take a star off for that, but I'd add it right back on because they had a guy singing and playing guitar in the corner. And he took requests.
Coffee is great. They roast it themselves!
Very good food, very fresh, healthy and great service these ladies are on to something. I'm from California and I will definitely come back when I'm in town.
Wow! Anytime I'm in Vegas, I will be making this one of my stops for sure. Open for breakfast and lunch, Eat is truly a hidden gem downtown. So hidden, in fact, you might drive right by and miss it. But that would be sad. Just sad. . . Came in for lunch and it was pretty crowded, but our party of two was able to get seated right away. The atmosphere is casual and fun. Servers were all great as was the food. I had the DWBLT and it was to die for. And if you like ginger ale, order theirs. It's the best in the world. They shake the bottle up for you and pour it into your glass. James Bond style.. . And there's real ginger in the bottom of that bottle! Just take a look!. . You can sit at the counter or a table. And even get a way cool black t shirt if interested. I meant to but forgot on my way out. . . And parking is pretty plentiful by meter all around the block. . . Some places just find a way to get everything right. This is one of them. So please don't miss this opportunity if you're in town (or better yet, live there). You won't be disappointed.
I ate there couple of times already. Yes, the price I think should be adjusted a little. A bit much for just a sandwich. I don't think you shouldn't pay more than $10 for any type of sandwich. Unless there's truffle, Kobe beef or lobster in it.. . Anyways, I still love eat. I love the decor, and love the staff. But most of all I love their eggs Benidict. The flavor is so perfectly balanced and hollendaise sauce is made fresh. Eggs where cooked just right. Almost as good as mine. Hehe.. . I love the fact that they have music for Sunday brunch, it was a bit loud but the music was good so I didn't mind. My table was bobbing our heads and jamming out to good music and good food. Who doesn't love that?. . Service was great, kept our waters filled and coffees warm. Super friendly staff and fast services. Over all I give it 4.5!
You can see the Red High Heel from here.... Started off with the Bin-Yays with vanilla marscapone. A MUST here!. My breakfast partner had the Turkey Sausage w/eggs and chips. Topped off with some pico, it was spicy good. . I had some steel cut oatmeal goodness with carmalized buttery apples and nuts with cream. YUM! . Strong hot coffee with "eye candy staff and interior" will bring me back here again!
EAT your heart out downtown! 5 Stars on my first visit because they are doin it and doin it and doin it well here.. . I went on a weekday at 12:30 for lunch. Place was packed and I'm thinking I will never get in. The hostess said the wait time was ten minutes and I still thought yeah right. She is just saying that so I don't leave. NOPE. I was seated in less than ten minutes. Awesome.. . Instantly I am greeted with menus and our drink order was taken. As a foodie I had only been studying the menu online for weeks now so now I play the game pretending to read the menu and waiting for my friend to decide. It was hard to decide because truthfully I wanted to try like five things. I settled on the grilled cheese and chips. . . GRUB: Grilled Cheese. Cheesy, buttery, crunchy heaven. It's on thick sourdough bread and served with a delicious, intense tomato soup. Dip that shit and find an instant happy place. Suddenly the restaurant didn't seem so noisy. The food was THAT good. My friend also enjoyed her grilled cheese just as much. We also ordered a side of homemade chips which were perfectly seasoned and crisp. Good stuff. . . On top of the killer food they also played some of my favorite music: The Killers, Xx, Vampire Weekend and Morrissey. I loved everything about this experience.. . The only negatives I could see people having would be that it is very busy and gets VERY loud. It would be the perfect spot to fire or breakup with someone. Parking sucks orangutan taint, too. Mostly metered parking around, but I did find a side street with no meters. I am not use to carrying change around. This isn't LA, fools.. . Overall I am in love with EAT. I feel like it was made just for me. I hope it succeeds and attracts more businesses just like it. More reason for all of us to kick it downtown.
it rocked!!! Their version of a BLT was out if this world from the bread to the avacado oh my. a might messy to EAT but well worth the post eats hand scrubbing
We are visiting for a few days and heard the story of the owner of Eat - very inspirational! . . Came here for lunch yesterday and cannot say enough good things about the vegetarian tofu banh mi sandwich and their iced tea. Everything tastes fresh and carefully prepared. . . The wait was long for a large party of 6 but once seated, service was super friendly!
I honestly didn't think that scrambled eggs and white toast could taste this good. I will make it a point to eat here every time I come to Vegas, and encourage everyone I know to do the same.. . Came in for late breakfast on a sunday. Packed house, but we didn't wait too long. We had shrimp grits with eggs & bacon, and scrambled eggs with bacon & smashed potatoes. It was all wonderful. Even though the scrambled eggs had obviously been waiting too long under a heat lamp, they tasted so good that all was forgiven.. . Very, very loud - probably not the best spot for hangover breakfast.. . Really happy we found this place.
Great service . Cool atmosphere . Good food. . Cool Downtown spot !!
Great service!. Great food!. Chill environment!. . Went there today and i was so happy with it that i had to give them a great review for business! (this is my first ever review) I already called many friends about it saying that i have to take them here! I will Definitely be driving all the way across town just to eat here in the mornings more often!
The plan was to have lunch at Eat after visiting the Downtown Farmers Market. However the market did not take very long and we arrived at Eat before the lunch period starts, which is 11 AM. So it was breakfast. The diners seemed to be a mix of locals and tourists that ventured the 2 blocks east of the downtown hotels. . We were seated immediately and ordered coffee. The coffee arrived after a short wait and upon arrival our server thanked us for our patience beause the coffee was being brewed fresh. It was worth the short wait. The menu is interesting and has many inviting choices. I decided on the Chilaquiles which was excellent. This may be a new breakfast item as I have not seen it reviewed. The plate starts wich a layer of corn tortilla chips, covered with melted cheese and red & green chiles topped with scrambled eggs, a jalapeno sausage and pico de gallo. Believe the menu as it says the dish is spicy. Just the right of heat in the sausage for my taste. This breakfast is a winner! . My wife had an order of Beignets which she enjoyed very much. The dough is heavier than others such as Cafe Du Monde but still tasty.. Looking forward to trying lunch. . Finding parking on the street at a meter was not a problem probably since it was mid morning. There are several empty lots across the street, north and west that are under development.  A parking lot for this neighborhood  would be a plus.
When I check out a new spot twice in one week, you know something is up!  Love everything about this place.. . Location -. eat. is located on the corner of Carson and 7th street.  There's plenty of meter parking and it is tucked just far enough away from LV Blvd to be easy access.  It wouldn't be downtown if there weren't a few questionable characters hanging around, but this place is an oasis.  . . Food -. First time I split the DWBLT with homemade chips (and the really good pickle is aptly named) and the Argula Salad with added chicken breast.  Although the upcharge for the chicken was a little $$, I can assure you it is worth your money.  This salad was very nicely done.  Fresh argula, asparagus, roast almonds and roasted tomatoes.  Definitely unique. Loved both, but I prefer a lighter lunch (although judging by some of my frequent lunch hangouts, you may be calling me a liar) so may not order the DWBLT again.  That sourdough bread is seriously delicious and seriously heavy.   . . Second trip, I had the Banh Mi Chicken sandwich.  This thing was freaking awesome!  I just love jalapeno coleslaw especially when you throw some radishes in the mix!  Chips again because they are just that good.  I also stole a bite of the grilled cheese sandwich dipped in tomato soup.  Yum!. . Service -. Both trips, service has been great.  The servers are hipster enough to prove you are downtown, but not so hipster they forget how to smile.  Love the open kitchen, the entire decor and just the vibe of this place.  It really is something special and further proof that downtown is worth revitalizing and worth a visit for lunch.
Best coffee and BLT ! A little noisy
Brunch -Sunday Morning -no wait-live music and GREAT FOOD !!! . If you stay downtown-Fremont Street it is easy to get to- lots of street parking.. but we had a great walk just about a block or so away from Fremont East. . I ordered the PANCAKES-super light and the best part-REAL MAPLE SYRUP.. and not in some mystery container either- your own little jar! Sausage and a couple eggs I added on the side-. . Coffee is great-no after taste-very balanced and refilled often!. . My other dining companions got- the Grilled cheese w. tomato basil soup-the soup was excellent-little bit of a spicy taste which was great- the bread on the cheese sandwich was super thick but looked very yummy!!. . The whole place looked very CLEAN- servers were very friendly up beat and the tables were very comfortable size wise.. not too small and not too big... . . I can't wait to go back for Breakfast in Vegas- off the strip-HIP and Good EATS !!
An oasis of great taste in a sea of ordinary food.. . Foodies - you can call this place home.
Country fried steak is awesome. Bacon is awesome. The sourdough toast was awesome.... i need a thesaurus ...
Go there! You will love it! Only been open a few months and it was packed at 10am on a Tuesday!
Simply Fantastic! We asked our waiter to recommend two dishes for us to share, he suggested the Beignets and the Huevos Motulenos. The Biegnets was amazing, they came with a Mascarpon spread that put them over the top. The Huevos Motulenos, was something I did not want to order as it combined bananas and peas, really. However, I must say it was probably one of the best things I ate all weekend. The red sauce was super spicy, the green sauce was not and the random bite of banana provide the perfect touch of sweet. We will eat at EAT every time we are in Vegas.
The food is amazing! The service was great! We'll come back every time were in town
Great breakfast. I had the chicken friend steak and it was great, homemade comfort food. Everything was fresh and tasty. We didn't order the beignets, but regretted that decision when seeing them go to another table.. . If you're staying in a downtown hotel, you owe it to yourself to skip the coffee shop one morning and take the short walk to "eat."
Girlfriend and I loved this little place downtown. We ended up having lunch here twice while visiting Vegas.. . Both times we had a short wait for a table at lunch. eat seems to be very popular. It is an open space inside so it can be a bit loud when full, but not bad.. . My favorite was the chicken bahn mi. Girlfriend's favorite was the shrimp po-boy. We also tried the DWBLT and the chicken pot pie, as well as the tomato soup and green chile chicken posole. All were fresh and delicious. Service was quick and helpful.. . This place is a winner.
Stopped here for a break from the road trip and yelp, you rock, and so does EAT! It has a deceptively small menu, but the food's flavors are fresh, exciting and mind blowing. This is anything but one-note food. Rock on!
Chef Nat is amazing, and her food combinations are new and delicious! I love this place!
I am back to only going to places like this. Chef owned and the chef is there not a place they just put their name on. .    Now I was amazed right from the beginning the vibe this place has is perfect the wait staff professional and the food just perfect. The Chef Natalie Young has found the perfect place for her food and has done a great job putting it all together. Can't wait for the outside seating. I had the Chicken Fried steak with potatoes,eggs and toast and everything down to the toast was perfect. She puts her love into this place and the food and it shows.
I love Eat. Been there 3 times and it never disappoints. I'm a big fan of breakfast and am very picky about where I go. Eat is at the top of my list (along with Bagel Cafe) in Vegas. Chef Nat is terrific: welcoming and hands on when she needs to be.
Holy crap! I'm not usually a fan of the downtown Las Vegas scene, but I heard so many good things about this place, I just couldn't stay away. One of my best friends was in town this weekend and we decided to meet up for breakfast here. Parking is ample, but be sure to bring coins with you since it's all metered. The hostess has lots of change if you do need to break a larger bill, though. . . The wait wasn't long and 5 minutes after putting our name in we were seated and perusing the menu. The menu is succinct, but despite how small it is I was torn on what to order. It all looked so amazing, I couldn't decide. It didn't help to look around the room at others either because they only succeeded in proving that it was all great. I settled on the shrimp and grits while my friend got the eggs benedict. The guys next to us ordered the chicken fried steak and I know it must have been amazing since they devoured them in silence with content looks on their faces. I was so excited for our meals to come. . . I don't typically dig the hipster vibe, but this place really had a warm and welcoming feeling to it. I loved the decor and hospitality and especially enjoyed the live music quite a bit as well. . . On to the food. Absolutely amazing. I savored every bite and so did my egg benedict-eating friend. We enjoyed every last bite and I was also quite a fan of the freshly brewed passion fruit tea. Once we were done with our meals, we couldn't resist continuing to watch all the great things coming from the kitchen, despite how full we were. I cannot wait to come back again really soon. The prices are great for the quality of food.
What a great addition to downtown Las Vegas!  While one can always grab lunch or breakfast in any of the casinos along Fremont Street, there's nothing hip, upbeat with an amazing menu & great service like EAT of downtown Las Vegas.  After being born and raised in larger metropolitan cities, my favorite dining places are always the ones that are the hole in the wall locations where they are the true gems, best kept secrets and where you normally can only find them via word of mouth. . . EAT is one of those places. It's located on a corner building, simple, intimate setting yet with the hip, vibe and groovy culture of downtown.. . For breakfast, try the Truffle Egg Sandwich, Mediterranean Egg White Fritatta and I'd say the BEST (made to order) Beignets west of New Orleans' Cafe Du Monde original.  Yummm!!!. . This place has HEART in everything from the menu, environment & of course the service!
Of all the new places I tried (9!) during my nearly 3 week jury duty stint, eat is the one that has stayed on my brain the most.  At least once a day since I visited there I've envisioned that wonderful chicken banh mi.   You've already seen my rating so you should know that this is not an unpleasant thought whatsoever.   As a matter of fact I wish I could get some sort of chip implanted in my head that would push out anything negative that entered my mindspace and replace it with the deliciousness that is this sandwich.  This is an idea I'm fairly certain I can convince at least Mark Cuban of on Shark Tank.  . . When I went to eat. to eat. (ha!), I was not surprised to see it jam packed full of people.  That was one of the more disheartening things about downtown in general: it seems that most of the really good places to eat like eat. require a short wait to be seated or require social interaction to a level I'm generally not comfortable with.  Thankfully I tended to venture out to lunch on my own and its much easier to get a table or seat when you're by yourself than otherwise.  If there was ever a case to be made for not having any friends whatsoever, it's that you can get a chicken banh mi sandwich from eat. approximately 10 minutes faster than if you bring a friend.  I got seated at the bar relatively quickly after I arrived, and after perusing the menu I decided pretty quickly on the chicken banh mi because it sounded good combined with the fact I didn't think it'd offend my lactose intolerant sensibilities.. . There's not much more I can add to what's probably already been said about the chicken banh mi, and allow me to steal another members perfect picture of it http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/dPrha-ksEnqLVmTFMc5vsQ/l.jpg.   The flavors popped, and each and every component of it was welcomed into my mouth.   One thing I'll say is that it's not denoted with two asterisks on the menu which is code for "spicy", but the slaw on it did contain jalapenos and I actually found myself drinking quite a bit of their wonderful iced tea to counter this.   I LOVE spicy food and still thought it had quite a kick, so something to consider.  . . Service was extremely fast and efficient, and my iced tea never came close to being empty.  Price was extremely reasonable for what I considered to be an excellent meal.. . Bonus: On my walk from the courthouse to eat. (which turned out longer than I expected), I got to see a screaming match between a pedestrian and a driver which provided me a few minutes of voyeuristic entertainment.  It's the little things in life.
The decor is adorable. The five of us got right in at 11:30 on a Saturday. The waitresses are attentive. One of us is allergic to gluten, and the waitress was really nice about checking on the potatoes for us. Highly recommended!
Delicious chicken sandwich. Wife loved the arugula chicken salad. Great staff and atmosphere for a 2 year old. Get more than 1 high chair though!
Place is amazing. No better breakfast/brunch in town-- the Huevos Motulenos were out of this world. Good coffee, great service, and awesome space right in the heart of downtown. I hope they expand to offer dinner at some point! Give it a try.
I was in town for a little vacation from LA. I wanted to venture off the strip to the up and coming hipster businesses in Tony Hsieh's downtown. I found out about this place from Yelp and trusted that this would be a great foodie experience. The food was A++++! I would return if I lived in Vegas. The area around the place is hella sketch, but the restaurant itself is nice and hip. Now, let's get back to the food. I was disappointed that I didn't come early enough for brunch, however, lunch was fantastic. Me and my tablemates had the chicken pot pie, grilled cheese sandwich, and shrimp po boy. Service was good as our server did his best to get the weak coffee remade for better coffee. I'm excited to see what downtown has to offer when I visit Vegas again.
On a recent trip to Las Vegas we were lucky enough to have found this place on yelp,. and we have craved it ever since! We came for breakfast but were a little too late so my wife had a grilled cheese and I had pozole both dishes were outstanding and made us completely forget our craving for breakfast. The staff, from the hostess to the waiter made us feel like we were old friends and there enthusiasm and pride in their jobs was refreshing! I don't think I could go to Vegas again without returning!
To wake up just to have breakfast is not my style.  To drive downtown is not my style either.  To pay for parking???  Heck no!!!  I'd much rather have an apple and sit in front of the TV or drive to work.  I must have been possessed when I decided to come to eat.  There was construction going on too.  It's a small place so I can imagine the line later during the day or weekend.. . I ordered a truffled egg sandwich.  My friend wanted eggs benedict but they only serve it during the weekend so she opted for the Mediterranean egg white frittata.. . Truffled Egg Sandwich:. Scrambled eggs with mushrooms, feta cheese, 2 strips of bacon and chives with a side of smashed potatoes. The bread was crispy...I would normally skip half of the bread but it was good that I had to eat the whole thing.  The saltiness from the bacon, the creamy mild tartness  from the feta, the earthiness of the mushrooms and chives with fluffy scrambled eggs...I. could. not. stop. eating. 5/5. . Mediterranean Egg White Frittata:. I normally prefer egg whites and have nothing to do with egg yolks.  This is my idea of a perfect breakfast minus the olives since I'm allergic to them. It has spinach, tomato, sprouts, feta cheese with an English muffin.  My friend was lucky it had olives, otherwise, I would have been all over this too. 5/5. . The service was great.  The chef/owner was there.  Each breakfast plate is about $11.  My advice is to bring coins for the parking meter.. . To enjoy good food is my style.
Not much of a whole in the wall but more of an urban hot spot. I don't know about most people, but coming downtown for breakfast takes a lot in me. My girlfriend and I really wanted to try out this place as it has been on our Instagram newsfeeds for the last month or so. I couldn't take the heckling I received via social media and thus forced myself into the oblivion... and shawty was I not disappointed. . . As a "Yelper" I'm going to do my best to not throw around the holy "5 Stars" unless it is deserved. This place deserved it. Location wise, it isn't the most convenient but good food is always worth the the drive and in this case, area wise, worth the risk. I may be over exaggerating but it isn't the nicest part of town, but I'll be honest and say I didn't feel uncomfortable at all. I assume you usually would have to pay for parking as there are meters everywhere, coming here on a Sunday we so graciously avoided that. So firstly, come on a Sunday. . . We walk in and you just feel the vibe. It's like, "who cares that you're here just eat!" kinda vibe. The wait was minimal at least and the spot is decently sized for a downtown restaurant. We were sat down and greeted almost immediately. The service was on point, one of those places that you're kind of taken back by how friendly everyone is. . . The food. Ah yes the food. We both ordered some generous cups of coffee to get us started, good coffee can make a place. We decided to try their beignets, which were accompanied by a side of this berry-concoction jam and this sweet frosting butter mix, if you will. I've had beignets before, I lived in New Orleans for a little and was spoiled by the Cafe du Monde's of the gulf. These were delicious. A fresh take on a French classic, well worth it. My girlfriend ordered the Chicken Fried Steak which was delicious and was sided with some grilled potatoes and onions. I ordered the Downtown Benedict which had turkey bacon and fresh as can be spinach and tomatoes accompanied with just the right amount of hollandaise on top. Mine was sided with those scrumptious potatoes and onions as well. The portions were extremely generous for the price, I was stuffed. The food was amazing and I can't complain about anything. . . The vibe was great there, the music playing ahead was perfect. From John Mayer to Israel Kamakawiwo'ole soothing our ears. But before we could get to attached, a local artist named Sabrielle (someone please message me if they can correct me on this or where I can purchase her music) performed live. Her voice was amazing and kind of sold it for us. Apparently she's there every other Sunday so if you're lucky enough, she's gonna be famous one day. . . All in all, go eat at eat. It's a great place to go and I'd recommend this to anyone. You won't be disappointed.
The food was divine! Beignets with vanilla marscapone, shrimp and grits and huevos motulenos made for a memorable meal. Was worth the trip, the parking hassle and the minimal wait. Service was great. I loved the vibe and atmosphere. Had the pleasure of meeting the owner on our way out, which added charm to the overall experience. I will be back!
eat. projects an almost unbearable hipster vibe. Complete with a manual typewriter in the waiting area.. . It also has the best darn pancakes I've ever had!. . Perhaps there is some hipster drug i "probably haven't heard of" lacing the Golden Brown Pancakes, but wow. They were incredible. Fluffy and light, but also with a nice crispy Golden Brown texture that is making me hungry for them even now.. . We arrived at a strange time between Breakfast and Lunch so parking wasn't a problem. I can certainly see how it could be though considering it's mostly pay street parking, and it doesn't appear to be in the best part of Downtown Las Vegas.. . I certainly hope to stop in at least one more time before we leave Vegas this time, and plan to make it a must-stop for future trips!
Came here with a couple of friends on my first trip to the U.S, and boy was I impressed. It's a smallish place, very friendly and seems to be popular with the locals. The staff were welcoming and chatty, the drinks and food delivered very quickly, and they even helped me translate the menu (for me an egg is an egg, I didn't know I could actually choose how it was presented :) ). . The food was simply fantastic. The fried chicken in gravy with over easy eggs, and a stack of pancakes to share with my friends.. The presentation was beautiful, the food perfect, and the drinks plentiful.. . There was live music playing by Sabriel, a fantastic group I've now followed on Facebook, and was really great atmosphere.. . Prices very reasonable, and worth every penny. I'd bring friends here in a heartbeat. I hope to come for brunch again soon
Believe the hype.. . FOOD: The SHRIMP AND GRITS were outstanding. Perfectly cooked shrimp resting in a bed of (cheesy?) grit goodness. The grits are soft and compliment the tender shrimp and eggs. I knew there was a slice of bacon at the bottom of the bowl and I considered asking for my bacon on the side. Yes, I have no shame. But I forgot and I'm so glad I did. The soft thick bacon added texture and salt to the lovely dish.What was the seasoning on the grits? I am embarrassed to say that I didn't slow down enough to think about it. I tried to savor the meal, but ended up demolishing everything on my plate in record time. . . I wish I could say that I'll try a number of other dishes during future visits. But I won't. I have fallen in love (maybe deep like) and have very little desire to explore the rest of the (intriguing) menu.  . . If you are unsure about the commitment to quality in this place, keep an eye out for the owner. I saw her wave and chat with a few tables and then go right back to the business of keeping on eye on service and food. In the short time I was there, I saw her giving instruction to a waiter struggling (or so it seemed) with a larger table, checking the hollandaise sauce, and preparing a few plates.. . SERVICE: The service was excellent. The host didn't give us an accurate (on any level) wait time, but he was warm. Our waitress was friendly and attentive.  That's all I need. . . VIBE: Earthy, eclectic hipster with an edge. . EXCUSES: You've already read about the negatives--it can be loud, the meter situation is a hassle, and there will be a wait. But the food is worth it. The city could start construction on Carson and I'd just wear comfy shoes and walk a ways to get to those shrimp and grits. . . If this is where the Vegas food scene is headed (quality ingredients, playful offerings, delicious food, good customer service, community atmosphere), I am excited to support the businesses leading the charge. I'll be back to eat.
We took a cab from LVH to downtown Las Vegas to check out "eat - the breakfast & lunch joint". A few of our friends had checked it out the day before. It has a relaxed industrial vibe. I particularly like the light fixtures. But the overall feel of the place is cool without pretentiousness. . We had a chance to eat at the bar which looks into the kitchen. From this vantage you could see the chefs hard at work creating great food. On our visit Chef Natalie was sitting at a table doing admin work near the bar, but even though she worked on these paperwork duties, every dish still went out with her keeping a watchful eye on quality. She would occasionally banter back and forth with the chefs and comment about how they garnished the meal. The waitstaff was professional and friendly and checked on our needs throughout our meal without being obtrusive. . As for the food, I got the Huevos Motulenos - two eggs over easy with red and green chili, black beans, peas, feta and sauteed bananas on corn tortilla. And Rachel got the Mediterranean Egg White Frittata - Spinach, tomatoes, Kalamata olives, feta and micro-basil with whole wheat Toast. We were both very happy with our orders. . I liked the sweet and spiciness of my dish and I thought the peas added a great texture and flavor. I would definitely order it again. Rachel really liked how the spinach inside of the frittata was cooked so that it still had texture. The feta on top of the frittata was flavorful, and the olives had a good brininess but didn't over power the dish. She thought each bite had a good combination of flavor and it didn't need any extra seasoning.. Our meal including fresh ground coffee was about $24 (not including tip). Considering the breakfasts and lunches we had at LVH, we thought the price was comparable if not cheaper and the food was a billion times better at eat. Even with the extra we paid for the cab ride, to us, it was worth the trip to get amazing food.. Eat has only been open for about 7 months and I hope that they have continued success. We only get to Las Vegas about once a year and I really hope to get a chance to check out the rest of their menu. We would eat every breakfast and lunch here each time we come to Vegas.
I work downtown and the choices for a delicious lunch are extremely limited. I went for lunch today and it was amazing! I ordered the Free Range Chicken Fresh mozzarella, tomato, greens and pesto mayo on ciabatta with house-made chips, a friend ordered the DWBLT Smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato and avocado with chipotle mayo on toasted sourdough, and our other friend ordered the Killer Grilled Cheese Aged cheddar on sourdough with kick-ass tomato soup - the menu online says salad, but it was a nice big bowl of tomato soup. We purposely ordered different items so that we could try them all.  They were all delicious, fresh, and made with quality ingredients. The house-made chips are a must, they are crispy, with some kind of parmesan, chive, garlic seasoning, delish!!! My favorite was the DWBLT, it is huge!! and the sourdough bread is toasted just right! The grill cheese and tomato soup was also great! The bowl of soup is large, the meal itself is very filling. Good portions for the price. My chicken sandwich was also very good, I wish the ciabatta bread was toasted a bit more, but that is just my personal preference, the bread was fresh. I couldn't really taste the pesto mayo, it could of used a bit more. Overall the food was awesome! A great find in this new downtown! It is a small restaurant, a bit loud, but the ambiance and decor makes it so hip! There is a cute long bar height table in the middle for a larger party. There is also a very nice looking courtyard for outdoor seating! I can't wait to go back for their breakfast. Overall, our experience was great, there was a bit of a wait for our server to approach our table and take our orders, our food did take sometime.. but I guess that's what happens when you eat at place that makes it all fresh! We walked there from my office - I do see how parking could be a bit of a hassle.. Just bring coins for the meters or park and walk a few blocks away! Don't let the construction across the street or the surronding buildings fool you, this is a must if you are looking for a place to eat downtown!! Wish they would deliver!!
Was an amazing breakfast and great service- awesome little hidden gem- had the country fried steak and want seconds!
Perfect spot downtown for breakfast or lunch!  We enjoyed the beignets and then the shrimp and grits!  Amazing food incredible service!  Hip and beautiful space!  I can't wait to go back and try more!
Found this with the help and reviews on Yelp. Our lunch was delicious. I had the chicken sandwich and my husband had the grilled cheese and tomato soup. The soup was excellent. The sandwich was good but I liked my chicken sandwich more. Great service. We will definitely go back next time we are in Vegas! The only thing I would like to suggest is that you work on your regular coffee. The decaf was good, but my husband's regular was very weak and he couldn't drink it.
Had brunch with the husband here and was very happy. I got the Chicken Fried Steak and he went with the Truffled Egg Sandwich. Both were very good, but I did prefer his choice over mine (just a bit). As far as price, you get what you pay for, because the portions are big. My husband described themeal perfectly. "Hearty, but not greasy or too heavy.". . The staff was great. Attentive, friendly, overall good service. The place is cute, bright and small, which I liked. Felt more intimate, like a neighborhood eatery should feel. . . We live right down the street from here so I can say we'll be stopping in again.
I was looking for a new restaurant off the strip on my last day in Vegas. It was Sunday noon and was craving for a hearty breakfast..eggs and pancakes to be honest. I know there's plenty to eat at the strip but as I was checking out reviews on Yelp, this place had great reviews and it was located near Freemont area. Parked the car (plenty of street parking), walked in, buzzing place, seated right away, and was hypnotized by the food that was coming out of the kitchen. Communal table, 4 tops that were decently spaced from each other, a terrace seating area...love the gastro pub look. I had to sit by the open kitchen cause I enjoy watching food prep...it reminded me of GiGi's in Miami :) 1st ordered the Golden Brown Pancakes w/ chicken-apple sausage and pure maple syrup. These were probably the best pancakes I've ever had. Thick, fluffy, huge, the sides were little toasted for crunch...YUM!  2nd course, Downtown Benedict - poached eggs, turkey bacon, spinach, tomato & herb hollandaise, whole wheat English muffin...FRESH! (See My Pics) Make sure to check out the "Specials" not listed on the menu and the gigantic sandwiches. Wish I had one more day inVegas so I could try other dishes cause I was drooling on each plate that came out of the kitchen :)
My family are locals so they found this little gem .... its packed allll the time it is a awesome spot,  the waiters are edgy and nice, they have live music sometimes . i got the pancakes and sausage they were good and they serve REAL maple syrup holla... u can see the kitchen so u know everything is clean and u can see what they're doing back there . would def go back and its a must try
Love this place..great place for breakfast
I went to Eat for the first time recently and enjoyed a great lunch. Excellent, Awesome, and Terrific, would be a good mnemonic device to remember this wonderful restaurant. Here are three reasons why I liked the place so much:. . 1) The food was EXCELLENT! I had the Banh Mi Sandwich with tofu and seasonal slaw on a baguette, served with a pickle spear and potato salad. The tofu was firm and slightly crispy, the slaw fresh and full of flavor, and the baguette soaked up the sandwich's delicious sauces without becoming soggy or mushy. I prefer a mustard-based potato salad, but the traditional one that came with my meal was a-ok. Tangent: I think it's cute that the menu describes the additional side as "a really good pickle." Really! Overall, the meal filled me up without leaving me feeling bloated or gross--- perfect lunch portions! I ate every last bite!. . 2) The staff was AWESOME. It appeared as though the owner and/or head chef was present, seated towards the side/back of the restaurant, close to where we were eating. (This might have been a contributing factor to the good service, but whatevs.) I always appreciate when owners/chefs are visibly present in the restaurant. To me, it speaks volumes and shows they actually care about their patrons, the food, and the community. Thanks for that!. . 3) The restaurant looked TERRIFIC. It was exceptionally clean and also well decorated. I loved the variety of high tables and regular tables, make it perfect for groups, a business lunch, or a romantic meal. Side note: I went on a Friday at about 1:00 pm, and although I didn't have to wait for a table, the place was BUSY. I wouldn't be surprised if there are normally wait times, so plan ahead.. . Eat was E-xcellent, A-wesome, and T-errific. A good name for a good restaurant! I'll definitely have to return for breakfast.
Service is so great here. Food was also excellent, had the Eggs Benedict and my friend had the chicken sandwich. I will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
Incredible food, enjoyable vibe, pleasant staff, timely service. Loved the art. Loved the seating. Loved it all. My eggs were cooked perfectly. Go.
Items selected include:. . Coffee. . Beignets - Made to Order with Raspberry Jam and Vanilla Mascarpone. . Golden Pancake Short Stack. . Fruit Cup. . Huevos Motulenos with 2 eggs, red and green chili, black beans, peas, feta, sauteed bananas, corn tortilla. . Shrimp and Grits with Ham and two fried eggs. . Part of the downtown Las Vegas revitalization, Natalie Young's "eat." seemed a great choice for early Saturday breakfast and keeping in mind the total dearth of Las Vegas traffic in the early morning hours it was a mere 10 minute drive from the MGM to the small modern eatery where we would find Chef Young already hard and work and an acoustic musician filling the room with tunes from Pearl Jam and Led Zeppelin as we sat down.  Designed as a sort of upscale urban soul food space for locals and featuring a menu both familiar but interesting, all composed of locally sourced fresh ingredients I knew right away that I was going to like eat. and although our server J.D. seemed a bit hung over (or perhaps just socially awkward) the moment food began to arrive my suspicions were confirmed.. . Starting first with great coffee, copiously refilled throughout our hour-long visit, and moving straight to shared plates of NOLA-quality beignets, crispy buttermilk pancakes with pure maple syrup, and a plethoric fruit cup it was obvious from first bite that Chef Young is not skimping on ingredient quality and although I favor sweet to savory 95% of the time the meal only got better when we moved onto our main plates; the shrimp snappy and sweet with exceptionally toothsome grits and the truly unique pairing of heat and sweet tossed with peas, feta, and two poached eggs quite unlike anything I've had before or since - the Motulenos an absolute must order and the restaurant more than enough reason for local or tourist to get up early and trek off-strip.
It all started when a friend made the mistake of inviting me to eat. in early March. I ordered the chicken pot pie and immediately fell in love. The pie was covered with a golden brown, flakey phyllo dough crust and then topped with an egg...AN EGG I tell you. So simple yet I never thought of that for a pot pie. While I thought the filling could use a little more salt, the pie overall was outstanding. That lead to a few more visits and a lot less time in my own kitchen. . . I can't stop talking about this place. If you're contemplating eating here, just stop. Head over to eat. and enjoy a great meal.
Local Vegas friends took us to eat. Literally. It's fun to say that! . . Our friends had visited eat a few times before us but had never been there when they had the Truffled Egg Sandwich available on the menu. We hit the jackpot when we found out that they were serving the delicious sandwich on our visit. It was truly the highlight of our visit, which 3 out of 4 of us ordered. Simply delicious and a perfect match of ingredients. We also ordered beignets with strawberries to dine on before our breakfast arrived, and they were scrumptious. . . There is a bit of a hipster vibe to the place, but non-hipsters shouldn't feel like they'll be snubbed on their visit. . . I forsee eat being one of those places that we try to visit during subsequent visits to Vegas.
The food is very fresh and the energy is always cool. Great atmosphere
Came at lunch after hearing great things from friends. So happy to get a cute restaurant downtown in LV! Ordered the chicken pot pie- ( they apparently only make 12 a day, so I was glad I got there early) It was sensational! The pie crust was out of this world .. all in all delicious.  . Wished they had desserts- they should definitely add as i am sure they would be fantastic! . Owner stopped by and chatted with us - everyone was very friendly. . Great original place to eat in Vegas :)
After reading some of these negative reviews my mind was blown. "Hipster aloofness"? Really? I've eaten there at least 10 ten times since it's been open and I have yet to have a bad meal or service. And I've also rarely seen a chef/owner spend as much time at their establishment as Chef Natalie does. If you want breakfast then get your lazy ass out bed and get there before 11. The pancakes with real maple syrup are a revelation. The grilled cheese and tomato soup as well. What I refer to as a basic breakfast is also top notch. Perfectly cooked eggs, thick bacon, homemade potatoes and really delicious, fresh bread for the toast. The chicken fried steak is a masterpiece. I took my friend there and he and the chilaquiles and his reaction was thus "Dude, that might have been the best breakfast dish I've ever had," EAT is the ish and I would recommend it to anyone.
Being in Vegas and not wanting to eat at the Casino when we got in, I had bookmarked Eat after reading all the great reviews from LV Elite Yelpers and had to check this place out. Well I was truly glad that I got our group to let me choose the Saturday breakfast. (They actually had no choice I was driving). . Eat is roughly about a 5 minute drive from the California Hotel making it really convenient. Waiting only 10 minutes after we arrived at 9:00am we were seated in this nice trendy hipster place in downtown. The sound level was a little loud with the music and people chatting but it didn't deter us from enjoying the food and decor at Eat. . Some of the items we ordered:. . *Beignets http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?select=FfSeubYzwJBP9R_YfkUcvQ#FfSeubYzwJBP9R_YfkUcvQ Great item to share, jam and mascarpone made this dish yums.. *Eggs Benedict with turkey bacon and spinach: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eat-las-vegas-2?select=--TpWg7-6ctPuUbpzYUGvg#--TpWg7-6ctPuUbpzYUGvg  I swear the hollandaise sauce must be one of the best I ever had! . *Pancakes with chicken apple sausage: My friend took one bite and busted out a huge smile. I got to sample the pancakes, melt in your mouth and a slight crunch on the edges of the pancakes made this dish a must.. *Eggs with smoked bacon and smashed potatoes: Smoked bacon was that standout of this dish.. . *Outside seating available. *Street Parking. *Friendly Service. . *Eat is a must for breakfast when staying in Downtown*
Service was excellent.  The food was fresh and tasty.  Very reasonable prices.  We will likely be visiting again on this 4 day vacation as they change up the menu on the weekends!  Highly recommended!
I had read an article about the Downtown Project and eat. was a most intriguing part of the read.  Chef Natalie Young spoke about her vision regarding bringing downtown Las Vegas back to life.. . On a recent trip, we ventured from the casino to find eat.  It was exactly what I wanted!  Excellent food, premiere service and superb conversation with the staff.. . We ordered the beignets to start.  Do yourself a favor and order them, they are sweet pillows from heaven with jam and vanilla marscarpone...seriously, just do it!. . I ordered the huevos motulenos and my husband had the chicken fried steak.  The portions are large and you will not leave hungry.  Savory and satisfying are only the tip of the iceberg.  The food is simply genius!!. . GO.EAT.HERE.
This place rocks!  Great food, great service, cool atmosphere.
WE LOVE THIS PLACE!  OMG!  The food and service was fabulous!  The eye-candy all ofer the place was FABULOUS!  (wink) we are a fan for sure!  Cannot wait to get back to Vegas to try this place again.  Congratulations EAT!  xoxo
YUM!  What a cute little place in Downtown LV!  For breakfast I had oatmeal with brown sugar, pecans and apples...so good and healthy!  This is a great place to meet a friend for breakfast or lunch.
This is a great lunch place!  I tried the bogh mi chicken sandwich ( not sure if it is the correct spelling) it was one of the BEST sandwiches I have had anywhere!     Try it!
This place is worth the hype, and was definitely worth the 5 minute walk from the Golden Nugget.. . The inside was very clean. The eggs benedict was outstanding, and the pancakes my wife ordered were fluffy on the inside and had some crisp to them on the outside. If I hadn't already stuffed myself with the eggs benedict I would have gladly ordered some of those pancakes too. . . The owner was sitting next to us eating and we were really impressed by her attention to detail and making corrections even while she was taking a break. To say that she is the captain of her ship is an understatement. I've worked in restaurants and this one was operating like a well oiled machine. Some of the restaurants on the strip should come here and take notes.. . A great experience and definitely on my itinerary every time I'm back in LV.
From 12/22/2012. . I've been wanting to try EAT for quite sometime now and I finally made it there yesterday. I was immediately impressed with the atmosphere and decor. Buzzing with patrons, yet I could still have a conversation at a normal volume.. . The food was absolutely delicious. We ended up ordering five plates: The DWBLTA, the Shrimp Po' Boy, the Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup, the Pozole, and the Black Bean Veggie Chili. Had I been solo, I would have eaten everything myself. The Pozole had a great kick after swallowing a bite, the bread on the DWBLTA and the Grilled Cheese was so perfectly crispy/crunchy and buttery good. . . While we had our sights set on breakfast, we were not dissatisfied with lunch one iota. I'm looking forward to returning very soon to tackle the breakfast menu.
Breakfast was fantastic! We arrived around 10 a.m. and were seated immediately. The Huevos Montalano(sp?) was spicy and delicious! Thre sweet banana was a nice companion to the heat of the dish. The green sauce was a bit much for such a humid day( I glisten easily). I ordered a side of the highrise sour dough toast.  The homemade jam was awesome!  Fruity and not too sweet...just right!  I love (to) Eat!
Delicious food (i.e : shrimp and grits )Good service.  Fun atmosphere. Plenty of parking. It's kinda cramped inside but that doesn't stop me from going back.
I came to EAT two times during my trip to LV, both times were fantastic.  First time we had a very large group and the staff was very accommodating.  The second time was with a smaller group and they managed to fit us in during a very busy lunch hour.. . Both the arugula salad and the shrimp and grit dishes were delicious and perfectly prepared.  The food comes fast and the vibe is relaxed and funky.  I will definitely be back!
I have read the reviews of EAT and could not wait to try it. It was easy to find, just a few blocks from downtown. We arrived at 1pm and had about a 10 minute wait which was not bad for the time of day. . . I ordered the food I had read great reviews about starting with the beignets. They lived up to the hype! They were warm and crispy on the outside with a nice fluffy center. They were served with a raspberry sauce and a wonderful vanilla mascarpone. The mascarpone was not too sweet and tasted great with the raspberry sauce. . . I ordered the shrimp and grits while my husband ordered the black bean veggie chili. Both were superb! The shrimp and grits are served with apple-smoked bacon and two fried eggs. It is the perfect combo.. . I was really expecting "not so great" service after reading reviews of EAT. Our waiter, Justin, certainly proved those reviews wrong. He was super friendly and we never felt rushed. He kept the drinks coming and sat down to chat for a couple of minutes. I will definitely go back to EAT when I am in Las Vegas again.
The pancakes are AMAZING....crunchy of the edges and so damn fluffy.  The best pancakes I ever had...granted I don't eat much pancakes but these were the bomb.  . . The waitstaff was awesomely amazing as well.  We ordered the eggs Benedict and the pancakes to share.  The Benedict was fresh and the potatoes was yummy.  The plates came to our table hot, so you know if was not just sitting back there for awhile.  I love my food hot.  . . The waitstaff was awesome because they brought us an extra plate without us asking and they replaced my plate when he saw we were going to share the pancakes and wanted me to have a clean plate.  Love it.  Great experience here with great food.. . This place is such a hipster place...u could not tell from the outside or where it is located.
We came here for lunch...... The sandwiches are HUGE and delicious.  I can't wait to try breakfast!  Will be back soon.
We went here for breakfast on a Wednesday morning. We were planning on eating there but we didn't anticipate the 30 minute wait so we decided to get our order to go.  The food came out quickly and was still hot when we got home. The shrimp and grits were to die for.  I wish I could have gone back for lunch and dinner. The staff was all very friendly and the owner held the door and wished us a great day on the way out. I can't wait to go back and eat in!
We were visiting from Texas and made a point to stop in for breakfast.  The food was outstanding and the service was very friendly.  Even the owner took the time to talk to us.  We both had the chicken fried steak and eggs.  I can not stress enough how great it was.  Perfect crispy steak, creamy flavorful country gravy with a side of potatoes and eggs to order.  We will not make another trip to Las Vegas without visiting eat.
This place is great!  5 blocks from Fremont Street. Easy to walk. Excellent service and food is fantastic. This is much better than the crap food at the casinos.  I highly recommend it.
5 is for the food. The food was very flavorful. Got eggs & grits, yummy. Hubby got blt added egg super yum. Little one got oatmeal and fruit which was great. . . We were the first people in on a weekend morning and our Server was a little awkward, then a more experienced server assisted her.
Great food, great atmosphere, good service .....
So happy to find fresh sustainable food in Las Vegas! The service & ambiance was great. I had the chicken pesto sandwich with the home made potato chips. The chicken was delicious, no fat or skin. The produce was all very fresh & the potato chips were awesome & not greasy. I will definitely be coming back here again!
Everyone knows Las Vegas is all about horrible buffets and overpriced food on the strip. My friend and I were pleasantly surprised by this restaurant downtown, just a few blocks from the casinos on Fremont Street. It was so good, we went twice over the 3 days we were in Vegas. If this place was in my hometown of Seattle, I'd totally go for brunch or lunch any day. She's vegetarian, but we had plenty of options for both of us. Grilled cheese with a side of tomato salad? DO IT!
So this is what the new downtown is all about. My friends and I usually stay on or near the strip, but for this trip we went downtown because we kept hearing a lot of blah blah blah, about how much it has changed. We walked one morning from our hotel to EAT. It's about a 10 minute walk. EAT. is a prime example of what the new downtown can and will be in the future if all goes well. This little place gets busy, but it's worth the wait. I got the chicken fried steak, delicious and well seasoned. The toast they serve is about an inch think which is great if you love bread. The server was attentive, but she did seem a little overwhelmed the day we went. I saw the owner there chatting with regulars. If downtown continues to offer up similar types of places, I may be spending more time in the area to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. Keep up the good work.
This must have been a great week full of culinary finds and updated reviews.  I haven't been back to Eat since my birthday in April, probably because I didn't really have the best sandwich for my taste buds.  This place is super convenient from my office and should have been frequented more.  Well, I came back to this place for business meeting and I was glad I did!. . The place is still the same charming location from last time.  I really like the color scheme: medium tones of green and white.  Looks retro, clean and modern at the same time.  Seating includes a bar top, tables and booths.  Lots of space, but it packs up!  We ended up waiting about 15 minutes, but don't leave!  It's worth it :). . For this lunch date, I decided to try the Free Range Chicken sandwich for $12.  My side was the popular potato salad and chips combo from last time.  Homemade chips, lightly seasoned and homemade potato salad, this time super flavorful, was a great combination.  The sandwich is free range chicken, fresh mozzarella, tomato, mixed greens, sprouts, pesto mayo on a ciabatta bread.  Let's talk about the star of the show, the chicken.  These were breast meat chickens, so tender, so flavorful, so perfectly cooked!  LOVED IT :) mozzarella melted on the top of the chicken cloaked over and brought a lightly salted element.  The veggies offered lots of fresh texture to the meal and of course, the pesto mayo sealed the deal!  Such a great sandwich and really made my day!!. . Alright, this was the dish that made me say, "I've gotta come back real soon."  No joke, this sandwich is awesome!  I also love the staff and got to meet the owner of the place. She's lovely and has done some great work with this joint.  Come check them out!!
From a chefs point of view, I can't think of a more inspiring breakfast and lunch eatery in town.  If I new nothing of chef Natalie, but by fresh ingredients she's has selected for her menus would be enough. Her knowledge yet complex approach to simple food has all of her patrons feeling at home. If your rolling stag there is a great table over looking the kitchen, known as the community table. Its a great place to sit and reflect on the dish of choice while striking up conversation with a total stranger.  Whether, you just rolled out of bed or a local construction worker, student, or a suit wearing business professional. Your sure to be at home.  Try the truffled egg sandwich.
I'd never been to DTLV before and really didn't know what to expect from the downtown area in the ways of food establishments. I was pleasantly surprised by almost all of the places we ate, but eat. was probably my favorite.. . We stumbled in here after a late Vegas night for some hungover brunch food. There was a long wait, but we were able to sit down right away at the bar. And boy, were we glad we did! We had the huevos mutalenos and the pancakes. Apparently the huevos dish was voted best hangover food in Vegas... It was delicious, the perfect blend of spicy, sweet and savory. The fried bananas were a great touch! That dish was great, but what really shocked us was how delicious the pancakes were! They were so unique too, perfectly cooked and crisp on the edges, they were the best pancakes I have ever had! So flavorful and the texture was perfect, they are huge too...no way we could finish them. Another cool thing was that the owner and chef was there working away! She's done a great job with this place, fun, creative and delicious comfort food at it's finest!. . MY GO-TO DISH: I don't think you can go wrong here, but the pancakes are not to be missed! You gotta try the huevos mutalenos too. We were eyeing the country fried steak too, getting that next time!
Awesome food! They cook with passion and the service is great. Awesome Downtown feeling that you just can't beat!
An article in Sunset Magazine about downtown Vegas revitalization drew us to this restaurant. It delivered. The pancakes were a version of amazing I'd never tasted before and the chilaquiles rocked my tastebuds. I wished I'd have tried everything on this menu. Truly incredible vibe, atmosphere, and affordable delicious crafted dishes. I'm returning when the Container Park opens across the street for sure.
I work in Downtown Las Vegas and was thrilled when Eat opened.  The food is delicious and the restaurant has a cool vibe.  My office mates and I stop in regularly for breakfast and lunch.  i love the grilled cheese and soup and the roast beef sandwich.  However, the only suggestion I would make is to add a few new items to the menu, or change out a few items for the season.  My friends and I have tried everything on the menu and would love to try something new.
As advertised, beignets and accompanying sauces and marscapone spread we're ridiculous. Ask for the chicken fried steak; it isn't on the menu but it's there. Great coffee, cool staff and easy walk to Freemont if you want to get dick punched playing $5 single deck bj.
I work downtown. What can I say? Our options are few and I ended up back at eat. with a friend for lunch.. . I arrived at 11:40 a.m., which was great, because I had until 1 for lunch. We were seated by 11:50 (after being offered a seat at the counter, which we declined), and our server was on us immediately. He (I'm sorry, I don't remember your name!) was friendly, helpful, funny and knowledgeable. All very appreciated!. . I ordered the DWBLTA with chips and an iced tea. Friend ordered . . . oh yeah! Breakfast! Some breakfast sandwich that he had several things removed from, and he was so excited to be able to order breakfast. I'm happiest when my friends are happy. . . Server was back in a flash with our drinks. It was tropical passion tea with an orange slice and mint sprig it in it - delish! . . In the blink of an eye - server was back with our lunch! YAY for fast service on the lunch hour! . . The DWBLTA was the best I've had. Fresh absolutely everything, with lots of avocado (not one skinny slice like some places!), a schmear of - I think Russian Dressing? And the bacon was amazing. YUM. I had the chips as the side, and they were awesome! I never clean my plate, and I cleaned my plate. My friend was amazed.. . Friend was sure they were gonna mess up his breakfast sandwich with his "hold this and that" business - they did not. It was perfect, and he said delicious. . . Server was quick with our checkand cashing us out. In fact? It was 12:35 and we were done, and able to just chat! FUN! . . I'm happy, eat. I'm really, really happy! I'll be back. In fact? I can't wait!
I have been to eat twice now. First time was for Sunday brunch and second time was for lunch on a Friday. The eggs Benedict on Sunday was delish. For lunch I had the truffled egg sandwich. The bread is so good and fresh. I also tried my friend's roast beef sandwich. It was also excellent. The beignets are good, but not the texture I'm accustomed to having when I visit New Orleans and Savannah. These are denser but still tasty. The staff is always nice and wait time is never more than 15 mins for party of 2.
Fact: I schedule meetings here once at week . Fact: I call 'timeout' during the meetings so that I can enjoy the food, free of chatter or negotiation. Question: How can I schedule more meetings?. . Across from the new container park, eat. is a casual spot to grab some solid lunch and breakfast fare. I'm a sandwich first, ask questions later kind of guy, so I've yet to test out the breakfast, but everything I've had on the lunch side of things has been excellent. The free range chicken sandwich is served on a light, crunchy ciabatta with a juicy chicken breast and fresh toppings. The reuben is large and the best I've had in Vegas, the veggie burger is made on-site and the passion fruit iced tea is unsweetened, so it just has a hint of tropical flavor in it. Sold? I thought so. See ya there.  . . Pro Tip: Expect to wait for a few around noon
What a Great place for breakfast.  We were  tired of breakfast on the strip and was heading to old Vegas for the day. We looked up places to eat and found Eat and we were glad we did. A little less expensive than the standard breakfast placed we'd found over the week. Great atmosphere. Great service and they wee busy.  Food was awesome. I had one of their own unique dishes and it was awesome.  My wife eggs with pancakes which was really good. real maple syrup. I would go back often if I lived there.  Give it a try.  We did and and give it a 10.  Enjoy!
Hands down best grilled cheese and BLT's in town. Words can't describe the amazing-ness that is eat. If I could come here daily I would. The beignets are always out of this world and tried the chicken fried steak today and whooaaaa!  I don't think you can go wrong with anything on this menu. The service is fantastic as well.
We came here after reading about Eat in Sunset magazine. So glad we did! . Hands down, the best pancakes any of us have ever tasted! The eggs benedict with homemade hollindaise sauce was amazing!. Patio dining atmosphere rounded out a perfect breakfast. . Thanks to a very friendly staff too!
FIVE STARS.. . I'm bumping up my review of eat to a fiver after my breakfast yesterday morning.. . I entered eat around 10 AM hungry for some breakfast action not knowing exactly what I would get. I've been here once before for breakfast and had the truffled egg sandwich (delicious!), but this time I went with the Chilaquiles Scrambled Eggs, What the... this is what breakfast is made of my friends. Everything about this meal from the ingredients, to the execution, to the presentation was perfect. I was so satisifed with this meal I was thinking about the great review I was going to give it while I was eating it. Not to mention, I cleaned my plate. . . This delicious meal is scrambled eggs, turken, jalapeno mango sausage, . corn tortilla chips, cheddar, red & green new mexican chili. The mango sausage is the star that pulls everything together because it has an amazingly sweet, savory, and spicy taste to it that plays on your taste-buds.. . I've been in here when there were a few more people (as in the place was packed) and the loudness leaves a bit to be desired for ambiance, but my breakfast was calm with minimal noise even though there were quite a few patrons (and myself) sitting at the bar.. . What also gets to my heart is the fact that they use locally grown produce here from Caliente, NV. I love it. We need to get back to that idea of using what is near us instead of stuff that is miles and miles away.. . Overall, love eat. I will go back to eat here again and again.
Had the best salad here. Omg, I have been wanting another one since. LOL.
What a great place in old downtown. Shrimp and Grits were awesome. Love the design on the inside.
Amazing. Great food, quick service. I had the shrimp and grits. Shrimp was perfectly cooked and the salsa on top was so tasty. We shared the beignets which were very good. Coffee was the only disappointing part. Burned, blah.
Been here a few times and I have to day something. Such care is put into the dishes that's it's hard to ignore. One could say that a pancake is easy to perfect, but that's not true. When a restaurant pays attention to perfect execution of a simple dish, that deserves recognition.. . I've eaten several dishes here and most recently had the chilequile. I've never been disappointed with the food or the warmth of the staff. Kudos for bringing such a great little eatery to my downtown neighborhood.
If you find yourself in Downtown Vegas you've got to try eat!  Hippest joint in town!
What can I possibly say about this restaurant that would do it any justice. Let me start by saying AWESOME!. . My wife saw it featured in Sunset magazine. So when we were looking for a decent breakfast option before leaving Vegas to head home, we thought we would give it a try.. . It is in a small, nondescript location a bit off the strip. Parking can clearly be a challenge but it is available especially if you don't mind walking for a bit. There are a few metered spots right in front. Around the corner, you can park on the street for free. And there is a parking garage a block or two to the west, right on the strip. I do not know whether there was a fee for the garage.. . The restaurant is small and will get busy early. Most of the tables are intended for parties of 2-4. Plan to wait a while for a table especially if you have a large group. But it is well worth your time.. . We decided to keep it simple for the first time around. Both my wife and I had the pancakes with chicken apple sausage. As I said before, these were awesome! The pancakes are huge. You may want to check them out before ordering, just to see if you need to split or try a short stack. We had heard a lot about the beignets and were looking forward to trying them. Unfortunately, the restaurant was out of them. I do not know if this is a common occurrence, but it is worth noting if you have your heart set on these. For us, we just have another reason to visit.. . I highly recommend eat. I do not think you will be disappointed.
Thank you, Yelpers for the great tip on this place! We were staying at the D and I didn't want a breakfast buffet for the second day in a row. I saw this place was only a couple blocks away, the photos and menu looked promising so we headed over.. . For a Vegas visitor, the walk down Carson at 8am can seem a little sketch but have no fear! When we walked in it was cozy and cute and trendy in a very non-intimidating way. We opted to sit at the counter since every seat was full (30 minutes after opening!) and I'm really glad we did. Our pink-haired waitress was SO friendly, helpful and overall just seemed like a super positive person, which was a great start to our day. Plus, we got to watch the action in the kitchen and the chef was really commanding her own back there. . . I had the Truffled Egg Sandwich, which was super tasty. Scrambled Eggs with sauteed mushrooms, chives, feta and kick-ass bacon on a ciabatta roll. So freaking good. It came with Chive Potatoes, which were cooked pretty perfectly. BF had the egg dish that came with beans, peas, feta and some other stuff on a corn tortilla and he loved it. The salsas that were on top were so good. . . We HAD to split a pancake because they looked amazing. It was. Perfect crispy edges with a fluffy middle. I could eat these all day.. . The lunch menu looked equally awesome, but it was 8:30 am so I passed.. . We really really enjoyed Eat and would go back if we could!
Hardly find a place like this in Vegas. Trendy, fun, great food, and awesome service. We waited for 45 mins, but you know what... it is worth a wait!! 2 parties came out from the rest and told us this. " It's worth a wait!!!".  And, they let this teenager band playing on Sunday morning, they were great, and better they were given opportunity to perform in public. Good Karma, good energy.
Best breakfast downtown. Staff was great! Everything was unique and tasty :)
Food was So So good!!! Definitely worth leaving the strip to eat here! Hostess was not great though
Hands down the best place in all of Las Vegas to get your breakfast grub on. Everything I've eaten here is amazing. My personal favorites are Shrimp and Grits, Chicken Fried Steak, and the Pancakes!!! I absolutely hate pancakes, but Chef Natalie Young's pancakes literally take the cake.
This place was awesome! Lots of quality food, such as; free range chicken, cage free eggs and coffee responsibly grown. Not a huge menu, but what they do serve is great.. They have fresh made beignets, and awesome blt with avacado on sourdough. Coffee was really great.. Service was very friendly and took great care of us. You'd never know this from the outside, nothing spectacular to make it stand out. The owner truly impressed me, helped out wherever needed, visited guests and was very calm and welcoming to all.. Thanks, for the great Las Vegas experience!
I recently tried their Reuben and homemade potato chips. Amazing!! I highly recommend :).
On our most recent trip to Vegas, we landed on a Saturday morning and our first stop after picking up the rental car was to work our mouths at eat. We wanted to be sure we didn't miss brunch! Some passengers on our flight had the same idea, because when we were finally seated after waiting a few, the couple next to us was from our very same flight! How cool! Small world! . . Based on some reviews I had read, we ordered the Shrimp and Grits and Huevos Motulenos. I've never had Shrimp and Grits before, so this first experience will forever be ingrained in my memory as "holy o-m-g, where have you been all my life. How do I recreate you at home so I can eat you all day long???" The shrimp was tasty, however, a tiny bit chewy. The bacon and tomato water mixture was heavenly. I love tomato. Yum. The cheesy grits were delicious and savory. So so so good! I didn't want to give it up, but I sacrificed it so I could swap plates and eat half of the Huevos Motulenos. I thought the flavors of this dish were interesting, but good. A nice combination of tortillas, eggs, black beans and cheese plus special sauce. The sauce was not something I was used to...a little sweet mixed with a lot of savory. Overall, I would definitely return for Shrimp and Grits and try those "so fluffy I could die!" pancakes. . . Excellent high-quality well-prepared tasty food at a moderate price point in a very hip and trendy space.
Eat is my new favorite downtown venue.  It's located in the more sketchy part of DT, but with good food and good vibes, it's worth the risk.  This venue has plenty of character, reminiscent of either Portland or Frisco spots, but beware, it's first come, first serve.  Prepare yourself for some downtime because it can get pretty busy during lunch hours.  It seems as if they have locked in the perfect spot right behind Container Park for when hipsters, foodies and white collars have an appetite.  The only thing they are missing as far as my concern?  Alcohol.. . THE MUST TRIES:. Veggie Burger. Shrimp and Grits. Biggnets
I am usually too tired for brunch and can't get myself out of bed.  eat. is a good reason to get yourself up in the morning.  . . I got there 15 minutes after the breakfast menu ended but I was happy that the beignets were served all day.  Beignets with vanilla marscapone and homemade jelly?  Uhmmm yes please!. . I had the truffled egg sandwich which was omg good!  It is served with wild mushrooms, chives, feta cheese, and potatoes on ciabatta bread.  It was delicious.  It is like an elegant farm breakfast sandwich.  . . The vibe here is hipster-y without being super pretentious.  I felt like I was in LA but you are actually in downtown LV haha.  This restaurant is a random escape from the grunge of downtown.  I have to give dtown credit though.  There are a lot of cool spots that I need to explore further.  It is like an up and coming neighborhood.  . . I was impressed by my beignets and egg sandwich.  I need to come back and get blown away a little more by eat.
YUM! . . Love the food at eat. Love the coffee, too!. . I dream of Natalie's poached eggs. My husband loves the Huevos dish and my son LOVES the pancakes. It's all so good and well worth the wait.
Friendly staff, fun music, spacious table density, pleasant wall art.  Pancakes were huge, ask for extra syrup though.  Chicken fried steak was a bit tough and bland.  3$ soda seemed steep.  Service was awesome.
This place is a hidden gem. Whenever I'm traveling, I do my best to avoid chains and to go to the best hole-in-the-wall places I can find. And by "hole-in-the-wall" I don't mean a dive joint (which is still fine), but something that's not a massive restaurant that all the tourists go to, but the locals don't really care too much for... this place fit the bill. It's a small restaurant in Downtown, right underneath/behind an apartment building. It's nice and simply decorated on the inside, very "modern-hipster" (if that's a thing). It's clean though, and that's a major plus for small restaurants. The service is super friendly, my gf is picky but they had no issues fulfilling all of her needs. The food is also really good, I don't remember what we got but it was great. After breakfast my gf asked for some fresh cut strawberries and they brought it out with some dipping sauce, she was absolutely in love and asked for more to take to the hotel. If you're in Vegas, go here.
The exterior is more than a bit deceiving. It looks like an accidental restaurant fell into a motel, but don't let that fool ya.  If you don't know to ask about the chicken fried steak, then you are missing out! The pancakes are incredible too! The food is worth paying for parking and the cramped table space. Give it a shot! You won't be disappointed.
The place is very cute and personal unlike many things in Vegas. They serve organic very good coffee. The food presentation is beautiful and the pancakes are to die for. It also appears that their owner is very involved. She was helping out the staff. The table are well spaced out abd the place is very clean and taken care off. Great :)
Art on the walls.. . Art on the plates.. . I sat at the bar in front of the kitchen. I wanted a bite of everything I saw head out.. . Def a must-eat if you're anywhere in or around Vegas.
My visit to "eat" was as much an experience, as it was a meal. I had heard the chicken fried steak was awesome, so when our Friday morning Breakfast Club opted to check it out, I was pumped. I was really hoping my excited anticipation wasn't setting me up for disappointment. Located at 7th and Carson, this delight of a dining establishment is part of what is rapidly becoming a revitalized downtown and put off a trendy and hip vibe. I was anxious to read all about the chicken fried steak, but much to my dismay, it was not on the menu. What now? I had my heart set on CFS. No worries. They still have it. You just have to ask. It was, up to this point, the best chicken fried steak I've had in Vegas. It had a flavor like no other, and I have yet to figure out what it was. The tender, tasty meat was surrounded by the ultimate breading. The potatoes were cooked to perfection and the eggs, well, they were just eggs. However, there is something they do with a pancake that words cannot do justice. Thick and hearty, with just enough crispiness around the edges. The service was friendly and attentive, with the beverages kept at the optimum level for consumption during the meal. Our party was split down the middle on the coffee. Some were impressed, while others weren't big fans of their joe. Expect to pay a little more, but it is well worth. Will I return? You betcha!
Adorable little eatery in downtown. Love eating off strip and super love it when it's amazing. This melrose-style place serves up some serious grub. The decor is adorable, unique, slightly hipster. The people keep it real and give honest opinions about their menu- which is short and sweet. Their food is clean, simple, but with tastes that meld together in a satisfying manner. . . The cinnamon sugar biscuits and fresh fruit compote were so amazing. The biscuits were light and fluffy, with cinnamon sugar crunchies on the bottom. The fruit was perfectly saucy, not overly sweet, with tons of fresh fruit and powdered sugar sprinkled on top. Bread is thick cut (no joke) and fluffy. Chicken fried steak is well seasoned and cooked. The potatoes that come w it are perfect and seasoned so well. Tomato soup is yummmmmmmmmm. Pickles are great. Pancakes are so fluffy and light. I'm normally not a pancake eater but these were amazing!!! The syrup is real syrup and the eggs were cooked perfectly to order. . . I have way too many good things to say about this place! But to sum it up, new favoriteVegas bfast spot. I'm reluctant to spread the word but it must be done. It does get super crowded on the weekends! Get there before 10am and you'll be happy. Service is great!!!. . Must try's- biscuits and fresh fruit, tomato soup, country potatoes, pancakes.
First time eating here and the food was amazing!! The customer service was spectacular!! Definitely a place to go!!
Chic eatery in downtown.  I love the food everything is so fresh and clean.  I had the shrimp and grits never had grits before but I went with it because our server recommend it and boy was it good so was everything else our table had.  Nothing was a disappointment.  This will be our come to spot for breakfast when we are in town.
This place is awesome. I've been coming to Vegas for years and have struggled to find a good breakfast place, so glad to have finally found one in eat. Loved the "off the menu" Chicken Fried Steak and the coffee is the best. Look forward to coming back for more...
Eat was a perfect Sunday brunch with the family. I wish I could pack this wonderful little restaurant into my suitcase and bring it back to Oklahoma City with me! We love our brunch in OKC. . . It was crowded on a Sunday morning, but fortunately, my uncle, living right around the corner, had the foresight to put our name in an hour before we intended to be there. When I arrived, my Mimi and I were greeted with wonderful coffee and plates of deliciously gooey and warm berry-covered biscuits. I ordered the shrimp and grits, sans bacon pieces, while my family ordered the chicken-fried steak. . . My shrimp and grits was phenomenal, especially paired with the sourdough toast served with the meal. Within the shrimp and grits were two fried eggs that were cooked perfectly to my specification. Each bite was an explosion of flavor that my tongue begged for more. ;) Everyone in my party was pleased with their meal -- my uncle mentioned that the cut of meat was a little tough, but still good. . . Again, I recommend this place for anyone wanting to get off the Strip and experience another side of Vegas. Please come here. Your taste buds will thank you.
