My friends and I stopped here after a late night trek to Vegas. Not only were were pleasantly surprised by the price for breakfast ($15) but the food was really good! The buffet was relatively empty because we rolled into Vegas around 7 and got here around 8. The service was great! Our server was very attentive and incredibly friendly. The food was really good as well. Everything was fresh and warm. the omelette bar was great and full of toppings ready to be mixed into your own, perfect omelette. My only complaint here was that our chef was rude, unfriendly, and barked at us when asking questions. Other than that, everything was very good! The buffet is a little hard to fine as it's tucked in the back, but it's definitely worth the trip! The hotel is beautiful too!!!
Hands down currently the best buffet food in Vegas. I loved the selection of food. Entrees were more 5 star restaurant than buffet. The taste of the meat was what stood out to me the meats were flavorful and the fish was very good. I love this buffet!!
Great selection of food for a great price. Most lunch buffets were much more expensive and the lines are horrible. Because this hotel just opened up recently I dont think too many people know about it yet so this is the best time to check it out if you can. The decor and silverware used is nice. Our group really enjoyed our meal that day.
This is my new favorite buffet (title previously held by the still very good Studio B at M Resort). Wicked Spoon tries to be a little different and they succeed in many ways. I'm giving them a 5 for now, even though they do have a few issues that will hopefully be ironed out once they are open longer. . . Based on reviews from other Yelpers, they seem to still be trying out different things since some of the items mentioned by others were not present when I was there and I'm sure I had some things that others did not have. I ended up eating here twice my last trip. I enjoyed it so much I cancelled my steakhouse reservation to eat at Wicked Spoon again. The items were definitely different on both nights. Even the presentation was different on some of the items. They have a really good cold bar. I ate several of the crab and shrimp cocktails. This is a great place for those who have eaten at all the other buffets and are looking for a change of pace. I lost count of the number of items they offered that you really can't get at any other buffet. While other new buffets try to be more and more extravagant, this one tries to be different. with great results. My favorite item was the blackened lamb ribs. . . Now for the areas that need improvement. Service is definitely an issue. The line moves slow, although I think that can be credited largely to the buffet being new and people are still getting used to their jobs. It seems like they will eventually have some self serve kiosks, but they were not being used when I was there. The servers also seem to be overwhelmed. They may want to consider hiring more servers since the nature of this buffet (small plates, pans, baskets, bottles, etc.) generates more that needs clearing. That being said, the service was friendly and very good, if a little slow. The servers seemed really proud to be there though, which is always a good thing. They also need to stock cold plates in the cold bar and dessert sections. The dessert selection is a bit small. I wish they had some little cakes or something. . . The Asian food section is the one that needs the most work right now. It was the weakest section and needs more variety. I'm guessing their chef has very little experience with Asian cuisine since even the simple dishes were messed up. The Korean short ribs, for example, were overcooked and drowning in sauce. The dim sum needs to be made in smaller batches.. . Minor quibbles aside, this is a very good buffet. Maybe not as big or as fancy as others, but very good for what it is and the price makes it an awesome value.
Wicked Spoon takes first place on my list for best Vegas Buffet!!. I was there for lunch today and it was a delight! Just walking into the new Cosmopolitan is an amazing experience.. . Once you make your way to the second floor for the buffet, you are encountered with splashes of modern art, including oversized sculptures of high heels; very sexy! The whole vibe is very trendy, hip and modern. The staff is very friendly and helpful. . . We were seated in our special req. booth without a problem.  We headed to the buffet and I couldn't believe the humungous selection of items! I read about the tiny dish distribution, so I knew what to expect, but I didn't think there would be such a variety. I have been to practically every buffet in Vegas, and usually make my way around the whole thing on the 1st round, but I only got through half of this place the first time around!. . Almost every item I tried was highly delectable! One of my favs was the braised beef with pasta & mushrooms, yummmmy! The roast chicken and mashed potatoes were also divine, perfectly cooked and seasoned! Even the salad was above the norm, with tasty, high quality, applewood smoked bacon.. . It seemed like every dish was made of the finest quality of ingredients. This was a major bargain, 20 bucks for a gourmet lunch with endless, delicious selections! . . The only negatives were the mac & cheese, which lacked seasoning & the santa fe style corn bread bake, not my thing, food labels would have been helpful here.. . The desserts were beyond amazing as well, the salty peanut & pistachio ice cream tasted like they were homemade, and those madelines were mighty tasty. . . I highly recommend this buffet!! As a gal who is known as "The Queen of the Buffets", I give this one 5 stars!!!!
The Best Buffet in LV!. . We tried practically all "high end" and highly rated buffets in LV, including Sterling, Wynn, Belagio, Studio B, Paris, Rio, PH, Caesar, ect...  We actually got sick of buffets at the end.. . However, we thoroughly enjoyed WS the most even though it was the last buffet we tried.  The food was flesh and higher quality than most.  There were more selections than most.  Wish we had gone here first so that we could have gone back before leaving LV.. . If you are not sure, just try their lunch buffet which is only $19/person.
We ate at the Wicked Spoon twice last week while in town for the CES. The gourmet food was sogood that we went back a second time. We would have gone back for Breakfast had our schedule allowed it. Our first meal was on Wednesday at 1pm. The place was not crowded at all. There was a great selection of food. Everything was delicious. . . Others have spoken about the "individual serving" sizes being too small. Well you can take as many as you want or go back for more, so I don't see their argument. One point that I would make, however, is that if you just want to taste the ricotta cream spinach or the red wine braised mushrooms you HAVE to take a full serving. Our next meal was on Thursday at 7pm. Again it was not crowded. The selection was very similar to the previous lunch with a few added selections. The spicy crab meat was not overcooked but we did notice some small shell pieces in it.    . . The restaurant is located on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan Resort & Casino all the way back in the West End Tower. We easily walked from the Monte Carlo. Taking the crosswalk from City Center over Harmon Ave allows you to enter the resort by the chandelier. If you want to ride the tram, I would say it is just about the same distance from the tram station at the Bellagio as it is from the one at Crystals. The routes from both are convoluted.
Wicked Spoon is sooooo cute!!  This place feels so fancy-schmancy in the new Cosmopolitan Hotel, but you aren't really paying all that much more for great food and beautiful presentation.  For Sunday Brunch, we came here with a party of 7 - It was $23 for Brunch and $30 for Brunch with unlimited Champagne.  I am sure that it is cheaper during the weekdays.  With all the drinking and eating that we've been doing, we decided that it was best to forgo the unlimited Champagne.  . . Having heard that this place just opened nearly a month ago, I was super impressed with their food and the number of patrons.  This place was not easy to find.  The drinks here are massive!  My cup of coffee was the same size as their huge orange juice cups!  Even though it is not unlimited, everyone still got a glass of Champagne as a part of their Sunday Brunch.  I love their portions of food.  I love that the desserts are serves in cute little metal cups - Excellent presentation and choice!  It is nice to know that the food has been untouched by someone else!  Bonus points!. . The dessert section was awesome!  I highly recommend their coffee Gelato Ice cream (There are bits of nuts and toffee in there! MmMm), Strawberry dipped Chocolate (There are toffee in the chocolate and rice crispy covered in white chocolate! mMmMm), and the list can go on and on.  I actually don't recommend their caramel/chocolate dipped mini red apples, but that may be a personal bias as I believe in green apples and white chocolate!  Did I mention that they had fresh Dragon Fruit? MmMm!. . Beautiful experience here.  I definitely want to return for their dinner buffet the next time I am in Vegas!  Since this place is still new, I am sure there will be more changes and improvements in the menu!  I can't wait for it!!!
THIS PLACE WAS GREAT!! . . I went during the holiday season this past winter, but since they were doing this 7-hotel buffet deal for super cheap, a lot of the usual buffets that I frequent (Rio, Paris) were packed.  So, fearing that I might run into yet another long and dreadful buffet queue, my bf and I got there around 4:45, which turned out to be a little too early since the buffet actually does not open until 5pm.  So after a 30-minute wait, mostly just getting all the early people in, we were in for a great surprise!. . I absolutely LOVE how they make their dishes into these cute little tapa-sized containers.  It makes the place so much neater!!! . . And the dessert... ooh my gosh.  I almost died on the table from dessert-overdose.  They have these delicious chocolate and raspberry (or strawberry.. not sure) truffles that had me going back to the dessert section again and again.  . . Oh, did I mention our waiter, and most of the other waiters, was pretty damn model-status? :P. . For 27 bucks, this dinner buffet was very, very worth it!
This is hands down the best buffet in Vegas already. As everyone else has said, the food is almost all on small plates so it's hot and fresh. More than that, though, is that for $27 at dinner you really get legit upscale food. Two different types of crab. Shortrib over risotto. Full carving station with lamb. Lobster ravioli. Pan-seared trout. . . And there's no wait because it's a little hidden in the new Cosmo. . . Bonus: Huge glass of wine was only $10.
Wicked Idea!. . Bomb buffet with a twist; items are placed in cute lil pots and kettles! Great for sharing!. . Another pat on the back for wicked...they have a unique menu!  A lovely array of gourmet oohs and aaahs that will leave you highly impressed.. . Few things I tried: chicken pot pie, braised short ribs with sweet berry glaze, mushu taco, spinach risotto, mac n cheese with toasted crumbs, some cod dish, clams, mushroom ravioli, sushi etc.  They all came in these adorable little pots and serving dishes =)  Everything was extremely rich and flavorful!. . Dessert looked a lot better than it tasted but again, I was impressed. Gold flakes sprinkled on top, the dessert bar looked like Willy Wonka's factory! Choc covered strawberries and mini candy apples were a hit.. . I went for lunch and it came out to $22!  VERY IMPRESSED =)
I wasn't born with a silver spoon in my mouth but this spot makes me feel like i was! Endless options, high quality ingredients, attentive and prompt waiter service...$29 dinner with tax. . Try the lamb with parmesan crust it's the tits! For dessert the salty peanut ice cream is top notch! Even the complimentary aqua health sparklingwater made this a meal to remember!
Excerpted from a longer post about my experience at their Grand Opening Weekend. To read the full thing and see the pictures, check out my blog!. . The next morning we somehow managed to wake up with enough time to make it to brunch at the Wicked Spoon. And boy am I glad we didn't miss this. You want to talk about epic? This was the most epic brunch ever. Not only was it the most innovative buffet I've ever seen, but all of the food choices were fresh, constantly replenished and often served to you by a worker from behind the counter. I ate the most amazing truffled potatoes ever and was super bowled over by the Eggs Benedict, fresh berries and butternut squash ravioli. They had a giant dessert station as well complete with a full gelato bar. Everything was so pretty and we found a resurgence of the gold flakes on numerous desserts.
Best buffet in Vegas.  Loved the tapas style spread.  Favorite was the braised short ribs in individual cast iron skillets.  Will travel to Vegas just to eat here.  Sorry Studio B.
My husband and I came here for brunch today and we really like the food and the decor of the place.  I like the tapas style being served, very different compare to other buffets.  The price per person is 23+ tax which is not bad... We lived in Vegas  so we've tried almost all the buffet and this is by far the top... Bank for ur buck :)
My favorite buffet yet! $35 for brunch buffet + unlimited bloody mary/mimosas bar...great deal! The food was DELICIOUS. All of us LOVED the food, the variety and..the desserts! No line at noon and just overall, a great great buffet experience!
Best buffet experience in Vegas, and I've tried them all.  Modern fusion twists on traditional world station offerings.  Consistently high quality.  Easy buffet to find and delight in healthy...healthier...dining, especially for a buffet. Delicious gelato to finish the meal.
Why would anyone give this place less than 4 stars when you have all you can eat Lobster?. . I love the portion sizes too, very good concept and instead of just grabbing food, everything is sized perfectly. . for $27, it's a bargain
Dear Chef, please keep doing what you're doing now.  Don't succumb to the bad reviews...they are missing the point.. . This is, by far, the BEST Vegas buffet I have ever been to...THE BEST!. For about $29 (tax included) you can eat at a pretty fancy restaurant -buffet style.  The food presentation was awesome.  The variety was unparalleled and unique.  This is some place I would love to take my parents to, and they don't like to eat at buffets very often because they feel gross in the end.  Seriously, where else can you get all-you-can-eat polenta, creamed corn, creamed spinach, potatoes with cheese and bacon, bone marrow, lamb, fresh berries, grapefruit & pomelo, those Chinese sticky rice tamale things, awesome deserts (my tiny key lime pie was lightly dusted with green limey powder, topped with some kind of red jelly and a gold flake) for under $30 in Vegas?  . . If you want volume and stereotypical food from everywhere around the world, this is not the place for you.  But if you want to feel human instead of like a pig at the end of your buffet experience, then this is the place to go.. . [VISIT - Jan 30 2011, dinner]
This place is AMAZING!!!. . The food here is incredible! First of all, the hotel is prettyawesome...but I had heard more about the Wicked Spoon than I did about the hotel! For $27/person...this is the best deal in town!. . The individual portions are pretty awesome! It feels cleaner and nicer...I hate getting food after someone that likes to stir the entire tray to find that single piece of whatever they're looking for! Ugh! This is not a problem here!. . They have bone marrow! Seriously...awesome!!! Delicious.... . They have such an incredible variety of food...it was really hard to decide what to eat! Everything is presented very well...and MOST of the food was to my liking. I will say that the pork belly in the bun was a bit disappointing...it seems the pork belly wasn't cooked long enough to get that tender texture that you'd find at the good Chinese restaurants. The king crab meat was delicious...but the way it was prepared lacked some flavor.. . The desserts seem never ending! A fudge station...Really great! O...M...G...unlimited chocolate covered strawberries!!! Gelato galore! So many treats to eat...ohhh it was incredible!. . This is an outstanding buffet. However, solely based on food, this is a 4-star buffet. But...we had an incredible server...Josie! In fact, she is the best server I have ever had at ANY buffet! She was on top of it...refills were aplenty and usually before we even asked her (except this one time where she forgot my friend's Coke...and we definitely reminded her throughout the night about that one missed Coke!). Josie was engaging...keeping a spirited and welcomed conversation with us! Josie's sense of humor is what makes the "Wicked" in the Wicked Spoon! Josie truly made our Wicked Spoon experience a 5-star extravaganza! You can be sure that when I go back to the Wicked Spoon, I will specifically ask to be seated in Josie's section!!!. . So in summary:. . Savory Foods - 4 stars. Desserts - 5 stars. Decor - 4 stars. Service - A Zillion stars!
This is one of the better buffets in Las Vegas.  I went once for dinner, and twice for breakfast in early January 2011.  Dinner featured surprising items like pieces of dungeness and king crab already out of the shell and ready to eat.  Very good variety, and lots of Asian menu items.  The deserts including the gelato were exceptional. . Service was very professional and courteous.  Drink refills can be a little slow because they bring you a whole new cup/glass instead of doing refills.  The same for requests for ketchup, hot sauce, etc.(they do not put the bottles on the table, choosing to pour small amounts in a small serving dish which takes longer for your server.  The buffet also features many items on small plates which makes for a cleaner, more sanitary buffet.. I don't recall the exact prices, but they are cheaper thank Wynn, Aria, and Bellagio.  Less than $30 for dinner and less than $20 for breakfast brunch.
So I went back for another round...specifically asked for Josie to be our server (of course!).. . There was definitely some changes to the buffet...the selections were somewhat different (what a nice surprise!). They didn't have the Lamb Osso Bucco (which I was sorely disappointed), but they certainly had other things to compensate for this loss...like crab claws! YUM!. . Josie was again fantastic...and I brought my parents and grandmother along this time! She was super attentive and made sure we always had everything we needed. Josie even impressed my father, who can be hard to please. LOL.. . We also met Alex, the manager for the Wicked Spoon...great guy and very friendly. He certainly has a great buffet to be proud of...and a great team of servers!. . Dining at the Wicked Spoon is probably one of the most enjoyable buffet experiences we've ever had...the food, the service, the ambiance are all simply fantastic!. . For the remainder of our trip, we were pretty disappointed at everywhere else we ate...and we compared every meal to our experience at the Wicked Spoon. Sadly, no other place was comparable.. . I'm looking forward to coming back to Vegas soon...just to eat at the Wicked Spoon! :-)
My new favorite buffet place in Vegas! I love love love this place! esp after having dinner at The spice market at Planet Hollywood because then i could compare. . . Everyone goes to the buffet in vegas, but obviously not all of them are good. Since this is new, i wanted to try it so bad and it was definitely a great decision! This place is inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel. It's new, it looks very nice and you can tell that they do try to make things very eye-catchy and food at high quality. . . i think the most important part of the buffet is the dessert section..to me at least! The dessert section here is amazing, well, compare to wynn and bellagio, they're similar, It's nothing more or special that makes them more superior but it's good enough that i ate till my stomach was about to explode! . . They have almost everything that u can imagine at a buffet here. The best part was of cox the dessert station with all kinds of chocolate barks, chocolate dipped strawberries, YUM!, chocolate dipped mini apples, cakes, tarts, etc. They also have a wide range of gelato flavors, from the simple chocolate to buttered rum. They serve it to you in a cup or a mini cone, your choice, they even have a chocolate waffle cone for you to choose from. Amazing! . . Another thing that's a must try is the mac and cheese station, i fell in love with it and got another round of it even though i was completely full. You basically go there and tell him wat you want in your mac and cheese, you choose ur own cheese (blue, ricotta, or cheddar), type of mac, toppings (lobster, crab, onions, sausage, etc), yum! Other things that i would eat there are the prime ribs, shrimp, salad, this seared salmon with some kind of sauce, forgot the name of it, but it was good! . . I just can't think of cons of this place so far. I would definitely go back there again. Oh maybe one of the cons is that the servers are not too bright, we were constantly getting some drinks that we didn't order that was probably from another table, and getting refills for a drink that's not even half empty yet, but not getting refills for a drink that was empty 30 mins ago. Also, the guy at the prime rib station..eh. i can only say he was..nervous? Anyways. the food and atmosphere are good enough reasons for me to come back.
I think this is by far the best buffet in Las Vegas, each food item was special.
So I'm not a huge buffet person bc although I eat a lot, I can't stuff my face too much at one sitting and don't like to mix lots of genres at once...that being SAID...I absolutely loved this place...went twice in one week, once for lunch just cause we were walking nearby and once for weekend brunch. Both days pretty similar. What I liked is I did not feel like I was in a cafeteria or old country bufffet. The decor was great and it was very contemporary, including the food. I liked how they had individual portions plated into little skillets or cast iron pots. The variety of beef short rib entrees was amazing considering that's one of my favorite dishes! Had sushi (blah) and lots of interesting delicious plates.  Dessert was great and they even had gelato/sorbet. Overall, very highly recommended!
For $19 all you can eat lunch, they had sushi (well, only cali roll, tempura roll but...), dim sum (well, only three choices), NY steak strips, roasted pork strips, smoked salmon slices, salads, thin crust pizzas and a whole bunch of different pastas, pad thai, etc. It was a pretty good too! Not greasy and old. And their dessert selections were more than Wynn's buffet. I say it's the best buffet in vegas so far!
My boyfriend and I aren't your traditional Vegas types--we don't go to Vegas to gamble, or to go to strip clubs--we go to eat. . . We've eaten at every restaurant in Vegas, and every buffet. Most of the time, we always go to The Wynn. However, upon a recommendation we decided to try the Wicked Spoon. . . This place rocks. Bottomless mimosa brunch, fantastic assortment of food options. Typically at Vegas buffets you find that a chef does one thing particularly well, but Wicked Spoon hits all the right marks. It's not Per Se, but it's everything you expect out of a great Las Vegas buffet and more.. . My favorite dish was the pasta (orecchiette?) with short rib, mushrooms, parm and brown sauce. I can't communicate how delicious this was--I went back for several second helpings--and I still dream about this dish. I have pregnant lady late night cravings for it. And I'm a man.
My boyfriend and I visit Vegas fairly often and usually we skip the buffets.  This time, we were in the mood to try one we've never eaten at for dinner. We went to Wicked Spoon for Friday dinner. It was only $26.99 (we loved it already!). . When we got there, we were amazed at the individual portions.  Everything looked so good.  So, we decided to first check out everything before we started shoving food onto our plates.  We were literally running around oohing and aahing.  We were like 2 kids (grown adults) in a candy store.. . The Asian food was surprisingly good!  The fried rice is usually overlooked, but it's really good.  So are their rolls and dim sum.. . The ricotta spinach was also something that was really good.  It's creamy, but also light.. . The consistency of their mashed potatoes were the best!  The Korean need salad was tasty and super refreshing.  They even had crab claws that were already cracked.  The shrimp cocktail had the shrimp completely peeled and defined.  (Prefect for lazy people like me!). . I don't eat lamb, but my boyfriend really enjoyed it with the chimichurri sauce.  The mac n cheese bar was amazing!  My boyfriend also loved the goat cheese mac n cheese.. . The dessert was impressive.  They even had desserts served in real painted eggshells.  Very creative.  The chocolate covered apples were my favorite!. . Oh!  And the service was impeccable!  Everyone was really nice and helpful.
I love this buffet! The dessert station is simply amazing. If you have a sweet tooth, this is your paradise. They have a huge selection of gelatos, ice cream, pastries, chocolate, etc. The food is really good too. Brunch is until 3pm and they leave all of their breakfast items out for you to eat - scrambled eggs, egg whites, sausage, pancakes, bacon, etc. The price isn't bad either. The wait time is a bit long on the weekend and it's worth it!
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.  . . What I like about this place is that it's not overpriced like Wynn or Bellagio.  At $27 for dinner on a Sunday is a great Vegas steal for the quality and selections the Wicked Spoon had.. . I like how they portion out certain items into a small miniature pot that fits on your plate.  This way, you don't over-scoop something onto your plate that you might not like.  Also, this way you can save you stomach to sample all the items without going full so quick.. . The service is really good here and servers make sure your table doesn't fill up with dirty plates. . . Even though this place made a great impression...I can give Wicked Spoon 5 stars for their Chocolate Cookies alone.  OMG, they were sooo good!
Good place to eat and the food is very good. Not your traditional buffet and it may seem to be a bit of a turn off to some. They don't have the traditional mac n' cheese, spaghetti, etc. but the quality of ingredients and taste are all there. must check out.
Custom Mac and cheese was great, pad thai, pizza, and every dessert we tried were all delicious.  We will return.
BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS. THE  food was individually portioned to keep it hot in little metal like pans. the Gelato bar is nice as well. I went for brunch so I cant say how dinner it but I think it would prob be spectacular. The service here was good too.$27/person for brunch.
A buffet is really about the quality of the food, so even though the decor, service, etc. Was all great, the food was the standout. Everything my husband and I ate we mmmed and our eyes rolled back in our heads !. Gourmet cooking from the unique salads-Korean beef, miso shrimp, roasted asparagus,etc.the juicy, tasty meats, the individual serving size pots and pans that served up red wine burgundy stew, Mac and cheese, chicken asparagus risotto,pastas,etc.  The thin crust pizza,garlic bread,etc, light and moist. tastiest kalbi ribs I've eatenthisnside of Hawaii,. The pad Thai and dim sum pretty good .the desserts are the only thing that's not as good as the Bellagios, but the gelato bar and cookies make up for it and though the miniature gelatinous desserts were beautiful, there was no defined flavor, just sweet.This is our favorite buffet in Las Vegas now and it's Kessler expensive to boot!
I absolutely loved this buffet.  My friends and I chose the option that gave us unlimited mimosas in addition to the buffet, and we could not have been happier.  The food was incredibly fresh, and the presentation was beautiful.  Some of my favorites were the macaroni and cheese, truffles gratin, shrimp miso salad, lamb/ricotta gnocchi, and the french toast.  All phenomenal.  In terms of dessert, it was lovely.  Almost too pretty to eat!  My favorite was the coconut panna cotta in an egg shell.  A wonderful way to end the meal.  I will definitely return here.  Plus, you get the opportunity to walk through the uber-chic Cosmopolitan hotel on your way up to the buffet!
Based on all the positive yelp reviews my family and I came here a few days ago, and I have to say, it was the best buffet I've ever been to, and, uh, I've been to a lot. The major standout was the desserts, which usually is the weakest part of a buffet, the tarts, the fresh berries, especially the raspberries, were just fabulous! Dinner wise, the marrow bones were awesome, the crab legs were fresh and sweet, the lamb was great (except where was the mint jelly?). The selection of cheese was excellent, there was a goat cheese rolled in ash was out of this world, as was the smoked gouda. The little portioned dishes were fun, and a great way for us to share them all without having to each get our own portions, which gave us room to try so many different items! Not only that, but the service was excellent, and the price $29 for dinner, was a great deal for Vegas.
I love this place! AYCE brunch for just $23 at the Cosmopolitan! Nice. . . It's cheap. . It's good. . It's artistic.. Dishes are small and dainty, beautifully arranged tapa style dishes. I think you either like it or you don't. And I really liked it...it was different and fun! Little saucepans and individual dishes, it was just too cute to pass up. See for yourself:. Plate 1: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=XpWiM7EYchGqenNiq1c2vQ. Plate 2: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=aX2HFOd1sQa3v4UAUftTYQ. Plate 3: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=uTxWe05t_qtnpIxVwPmErQ. . In the meat section they had your usual, chicken, beef and slab of bacon!! . . http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=7GAJvXufLfnCjIXK-avn7w. . I loved everything! Except the eggs benedict, which looked good but didn't taste good. . . But please please please save room for dessert! I think the dessert section was by far my favorite part! Everything was yummy. The ice cream choices were awesome, I tried the mango and the salted peanut! Both were delish...if my tummy could have handled more, I would have tried more flavors. But I had to save room for the chocolate covered strawberries and the small chocolate covered crab apples!! They were so cute. . . Definitely give Wicked Spoon a try if your in Vegas!
Considering I ate at 3 buffets, in a week..and this being my third...shoooot, I WISH I ATE HERE ALL THREE TIMES!!!!!!. . It's kind of hard to find in the hotel because it's along the conference rooms but, guess it's worth the chase!. . I was in awe of HOW SMART the Cosmo was to portion out their buffet foods. For example, salads/some entrees/etc were already portioned out into it's own plate so, all you needed to do was grab a plate. . This is great because it gives you a chance to sample everything without wasting much food that you may not like.. . They had lamb..LAMB..love my lamb and most buffets I've been to never have lamb. To top it off was it was in a delicious sauce and plated so beautifully. . Let's face it; it's always more fun to eat beautifully presented foods =). . Lastly but, NOT LEAST: the dessert bar. lakjfdldjflajdfldkjgldkjfladjfldajfldkjfladjfladkfjldkfjdlkjfdl;j. That means I loved it. AGAIN, they had beautiful desserts. I didn't even want them but, they had to be on my plate cuz they were so pretty!!!. AND don't get me started on their CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES! Oh emm geee, I swear, they were the size of my fist! . I have nooooo clue where the Cosmo buffet is getting their strawberries but, keep it comin''''''. . My idea of the best buffet in Vegas!. Now if only they had a locals discount =(
Hands down, my personal favorite Vegas buffet - even trumps Wynn's and Bellagio's! Why is it so great - FANTASTIC food, amazing selection, chic decor, and of course, bottomless mimosa! . . The food here tastes and looks delicate - great presentation and things taste fresh and light. Greatvariety as you get all kinds of cuisine, American, Italian, Asian, Mexican etc etc. I really have to rave about their dessert, make sure you save room for these because they are what makes this buffet a step above the other Vegas buffets in my opinion. First of all, it's huge, even bigger than Wynn's dessert bar. Second, everything is SO CUTE! Hence making everything look even more appetizing. The dessert come in small portions and the plus side of that is you get to try a variety of their delicious desserts instead of getting full from one big slice of chocolate fudge pie. Nothing is too sweet so you get to enjoy other flavors and textures of their dessert such as the sourness in the mango gelato, fluffiness of coconut puree, and the richness of the chocolate of the chocolate-covered gigantic strawberry. If you are in Vegas, you must try this place, it's a two thumbs up!!
This has been, by far, the BEST buffet I've had in Vegas. Seriously. No joke. Especially if you're eating with 7 other hungry women. 8 hungry slightly hung over women on a girls only weekend trip. This place was the S-H-I-T. We stayed for 3 hrs. Need I say more? We did the brunch. 30 bucks but wait..add 9 dollars and you get unlimited mimosas and bloody marys..hello??We were ALL in.  The spread of the food was very grand and very beautiful. Just the dessert bar was breath taking. Pork belly fried rice, pad thai, beef and broccoli (the broccollini not the regular broccoli)house special sushi rolls, and duck were just a FEW of the Asian cuisine. I go down a food bar and there's miniature pots with lids and inside them are things like eggs benedict with pork shoulder, pastas that I don't get to normally eat so I can't pronounce them let alone spell them but they had things like lamb and short ribs cooked with them...AHHHH!!! The macaroni and cheese..why was is so special? It was cooked with hamhocks...You want smoked salmon with cream cheese on a bagel? Well buddy, they had pastrami smoked salmon..get that...Red velvet pancakes, mini white and dark chocolate covered apples, ginormous chocolate covered strawberries, italian gelato that was to die for...... I could go on and on and on...just go try it for yourself..you won't be disappointed. You will be a little happy camper like I was..literally...we camped it there for 3 hours trying to savor EVERYTHING..gluttony at it's finest!  Plus the Cosmopolitan is a really beautiful and artsy hotel/casino to go tour...check out the main bar encased inside the biggest chandelier you will ever see!
OK, I'll preface by saying the Wynn is by far my favorite...BUT this is soooo close in second.. . What won me over were the crab claws. Two crab claws, cut open for easy eating. I love the crab legs, but hate the having the shells all over my table. The claws were the best idea ever.. . Anyway, I love the "tapas" style of serving they have here. Yes, it did get crowded on our table with that huge variety of empty dishes, but they cleaned it up reasonably fast.. . The options were very good. The pre-made pasta was not the best, but the made-to-order mac and cheese was awesome. . . Dessert was incredible. Everything was the perfect mini-size after eating about 10 lbs of food for dinner.. . Decor is great, price is fantastic. Only wish it was easier to find in the hotel!
THE PRICE IS RIGHT! Brunch for $23 (or $35 for bottomless mimosas or bloody mary cocktails). I LOVE! Besides the ambiance, I also loved the tapas style of dishes. A lot of the dishes came in mini pots so greedy people couldn't scoop hella and then end up not eating it. If you like something, get another. If you don't, then you don't waste as much food if your greedy hand scooped too much. . . I felt their desserts were aiight--plus for the gelato though. Food wise: my favorite was one particular pasta, although I did enjoy the gnocchi with lamb! both HELLA GOOOD. I'd go back not just because my favorite pasta is there, but because of the price!!!!!!. . A million thank you's to my hula sister who recommended it to me!
Best las vegas buffet period!
I'm a sucker for cute, small, easy things.  And the Wicked Spoon plays into my weakness for detail, great customer service and small portions.  There was practically no wait for the buffet when we showed up on Saturday at 11:30AM.    . . I'm a small person with a small appetite so the prepared portions actually work out for me. With the exception of the shrimp cocktail. I LOVE shrimp cocktail and it is prepared 2 shrimp to a small serving cup at the Wicked Spoon. I ate 8. Don't judge me.. . Other than shrimp, I was able to enjoy the mac n cheese, the creamy cheese polenta, the smoked salmon, the gelato (salted peanut flavor), various salads, homemade jam on sesame rolls, macarons, chocolate covered crab apples, chocolate covered strawberries, lime tarts, etc.  All were delicious and prepared in cutesy ways (servings of fried chicken are presented in mini friers, if you ask for coffee, your cream comes in a mini, metal milk carton).  . . For the price of weekend brunch ($28 w/o unlimited champagne/mimosa/bloody mary), it's great quality compared to the other buffets on the Strip.  We were staying at the Mirage and they were charging the same price for buffet but I'm confident you're not going to find the same type of food and same quality of food elsewhere.. . We were able to chat up the breakfast sous chef who described how strictly the kitchen is run.  Our conversation made me feel confident that not only was the food we were were eating tasty, but it was fresh too!. . Officially my favorite buffet in Vegas.  Can't wait to come back for dinner.
Wow simply amazing.  Decor is nice, and presentation was unique.  This place sets itself above all other buffets.  I mean who would of thought to serve food in little fryer baskets, pans, skillets, cauldrons, dishes, plates, little to go boxes.  Definitely different and unique in their own way.  . . Not only the presentation and decor is nice, but the food is really good too.  I enjoyed the eggs benedict, chicken and waffles, mac and cheese, their penne pasta with sausage, korean short rib, miso pork, shepards pie, pastrami, and lots of desert.  For the first time I literally felt like I was a kid in a candy store again.  So many selections to choose from, and the sad part was I couldn't eat it all.  The small little cute candy apples and chocolate covered strawberries were amazing. . . The price is decent too, ranging from 20-30.  Thumbs up on my buffet list.
Ate here for breakfast.... Amazing!!
Ate here for a friends birthday and it was great for big parties! They have a long table for large groups to sit at =). . They loved it as much as I did. I've heard many good things about the buffets at M Resort and The Wynn; and my friends rated Wicked Spoon as good as those buffets. Even calling Wicked Spoon "fancier" than that of The Wynn. That alone is kinda cool to think that something is "fancier" than anything at The Wynn.. . I suggest going around 9pm because there was no line, even on a Friday night. They close around 10 but, they take away the food at 10:15 so, doesn't give you much time to grind on the goods.. . I MUST try their breakfast and lunch buffets.
Went to Vegas with a couple of friends and after one of my friends saw the YELP pics from Wicked Spoon, we all decided to come check it out. BTW, it wasn't very busy but perhaps its the fact that the COSMO is still a pretty new hotel and maybe no one knew about the buffet? Nice though since we didn't have to wait long on a Sunday evening.. . Now this isn't my favorite Vegas buffet but I just enjoyed it because it was different and unique. It was nice and clean and the food was presented in these cool, plates, small pans, and were portioned controlled. Everything tasted good, but the one thing that stood out was the crab in cajun butter. I am just salivating thinking about it right now as I type. Yes, seafood is a must have for any Asian person at a Vegas buffet. Check my pics, pretty awesome huh?. . Overall, I give a solid 5 stars. The atmosphere was great, and our server was amazing and friendly. We practically chatted it up with her, and she was nice enough to give us tips on where the hot spots were and what places to hit up (even on a Sunday). She was amaze! Food was delicious, clean, and presented well. You can't go wrong with checking out the Wicked Spoon. But if your lazy about going up a lot, you might not like it as the plates are small and everything on the buffet line is in a separate pan or mini plates, so be advised that your plate fills up quickly. But you should definitely check it out if you don't mind that. :-)
by far a new favorite buffet!. . the interior was swanky and glitzy - just like the entire hotel itself.. . We arrived at prime dinner time but didnt have to wait - probably because it was a Weds. night.  The price was 36 bucks with tip and tax included for our  8 person party.  From what I hear that's a good deal for dinner buffets in Vegas so I was pleased with that as well. We were seated at this nice long high top table that had interesting blue glass art hanging over our heads.  . . While some aren't a fan of the pre-portioned plates and pots they serve their food in, I kind of love the idea.  It kinda lets you think you're almost eating tapa style dishes rather than a buffet. Now dining was the fun part- I literally tasted everything from the different sections - my favorite was probably the pastas.  . . I barely had room for dessert but forced myself regardless. They have this cute little gelato bar so of course I got mango gelato.  Their desserts were overall very pretty but unique looking. The most normal thing they had was chocolate covered strawberries.. . This is kind of weird too but I just loved the water they served.  It was from these glass bottles that remind you of the old school milk bottles that were dropped at your door.  It just tasted so refreshing.  They served these water bottles all over the hotel.. . it's making me hungry just thinking about it. when i return to vegas - i'm def. staying at the cosmo again and eating at wicked spoon!
This place was great!!
Completely devoid of lines, which Vegas buffets are notorious for, my group of 12 happily walked right in. Our hostess did not fail to mention that we were being seated right next to the dessert section. Thank you hostess, for knowing exactly what I wanted without me saying a word! Now, onto the main courses (of which I had many of):. . -Mac & Cheese: Comfort food is so necessary after a night of vegas debauchery, so this sure hit the spot.  They are served in small individual tin pots which helps with portion control. In my case, there is no such thing as self or portion control so I had myself some seconds and thirds. No regrets, they were THAT good. Cheesy, oozing goodness.. . -White Whipped Ricotta Pizza: Easily became my second favorite dish as it paired so well with their garlic bread. Thin crusted, the ricotta simply made this dish the "10" rating it deserved.. . -Breakfast: Red velvet pancakes w/ homemade cream cheese sauce & bacon. Yes, I ate breakfast at 1:30 P.M. and enjoyed every bite of it. . . -Asian section: Pork belly fried rice, pork buns, Miso glazed pork (see pictures). Divine. Lots of pork so if you're not a lover, steer yourself in another direction.. . -Dessert: Biscotti ice cream, white chocolate covered mini-apples and strawberries. Scrumptious. One of the only buffets in vegas that showcases lots of white chocolate, which I prefer over chocolate, any day. The white choco strawberries had an Oreo crumb crust, definitely a winner. Had seconds of the Biscotti ice cream which came with mini-waffle bowls & cones. So aesthetically pleasing! They also have lots of other ice cream flavors to choose from - all fresh and homemade I believe.. . $26 brunch, $29 dinner on a Saturday.. . . Wicked Spoon displays lots of entrees that you will not find anywhere else. Good thing? Of course. Will I come back? 100%.
I went here for brunch with a couple of friends and had an amazing time. The choices were out of this world, not your everyday buffet items. Red velvet pancakes... what's not to love?. . The only complaint I can even think of is that when we entered and paid we were not offered the unlimited mimosa or bloody marys. It wasn't a big deal to order and pay through our server but it would have been easier on everyone if the hostess/cashier offered it to begin with.
Wicked Spoon is 5 stars all the way.   It is certainly in my top tier of Las Vegas buffets.  This was my first time here, and I was very pleased.. . First, my server was very friendly and very competent.  She poured my bottled water as soon as I was seated and asked about alcohol or other drinks.  She was prompt and attentive.  I wish I knew her name.  She is an asset to the Wicked Spoon.. . I liked the tapas style items.  A small bowl with two peeled shrimp, some cocktail sauce, and a little lemon slice.  What more could you want?  My food looked like it was plated by a Top Chef contestant because of this serving idea.  There are plenty of all you can eat foods, too, so for those of you who don't care for the idea of small plates, gorge.. . Desserts were excellent!  The chocolate covered strawberry was delicious and I had some very interesting fudge and a chocolate covered crab apple.  Different and good!!. . The variety was excellent.  I just wish I could have tried more things.  But I guess that's what will keep me coming back for more.  And that great server.  I'll look for her and see if I can request her section!
I really want to say it was awful and the servers punched me in the face while eating so, the lines don't become like the lines at Studio B. But, I will be honest. This is my favorite buffet in Vegas by far, so so so good. A lot of it is Tapas style and takes about 3 trips to try everything you want on the savory side. The desert is unreal too! Also the wait staff was very attentive. It is a little pricier than the locals spots but it is definately worth it.
We ended up here while wandering the strip for lunch mid week. There was tons of people everywhere so dodging sunny weather and walking around the amazing brand new Cosmopolitan was awesome. We ended up at this buffet the people were friendly enough we looked around and were sold on desserts alone.. . The lunch spread was awesome especially at $21.99. They had proscitto, smoked salmon, braised beef, char siu, sushi, lobster sauce raviolli's. Everything served in these tiny small stainless steel pots. They even had carnitas tacos. They had almost everything except dim sum.. . But the pure ownage of this place was the desserts. OMG they had all you can eat gelato and sorbet about 18-20 flavors!!! Chocolate covered strawberries with nuts in white or dark chocolate, the strawberries were the size of a small childs fist! These delicious little cups that had all kinds of cake and what not. It was amazing.. . I finished it off with a hot tea from the delicous tea republic which was included, they even give you these tiny jars of honey for them. The service was great our waitress was super friendly but really busy.. . I would totally go again! especially to see what they have for dinner.
The Creme de la Creme of Vegas buffets priced around $20!. . i like how the main dishes are served ala cart, tapas style.   Quality cuts of various meats: chicken, lamb, pork, and beef.    The trick to enjoying Wicked Spoon is to try a little of Everything.  . . Setting is very trendy.  Water is even served in stylish glass bottles (you feel like you paid for it!)  . . I'm cutting this review short because I overate and now have a serious case of food coma.
$26 for buffet or 36 for buffet + bottomless mimosa.  I thought those are reasonable prices for buffet in Vegas.  Great selection of food and elegant settings.  I felt like I was dining in a nice restaurant rather than the average Vegas buffet.  Not only does this place has a great selection, presentation and the quality of food was definitely beyond buffet standards.  . . The only thing I thought wasn't very good was the ham, it was a bit dry.  But I definitely over compensated by consuming a large amount of chocolate strawberries.
BEST BUFFET EVER! . . There are a lot of buffets in Vegas that serve excellent "buffet food." But Wicked Spoon serves good food, period. They have the type of food that you would enjoy at a nice, sit-down restaurant. . . We went for brunch and I opted for the $35 version with bottomless mimosas. We were all drunk by 1pm so that was a plus. . . The great thing about the food at Wicked Spoon is that a lot of options separated into individual serving sizes in cute little containers. The eggs Benedict, short rib pasta, risotto, fried chicken, Korean short ribs, prime rib and pork belly wrapped in bun all tasted really great. There were so many things to try that I was worried that I wouldn't be able to try everything before I got full. . . The dessert selection was beautiful. But by the time I got to dessert, I was already stuffed.. . It was such a successful meal. We all had a fantastic time. And you should go too.
I don't think this buffet is for everyone, but it's definitely for ME!!!  Oh how I dream of going back... and going back OFTEN!. . I would say if you are the kind of person that likes to go to a buffet to load your plate up with a mountain of fried shrimp or other standard buffet items, you won't like this place.. . Buf if you are the kind of person who likes to try all kinds of different foods, made in all kinds of different ways... this will be your kind of place!  Nothing here is just "plain."  The polenta isn't just polenta.  It's "creamy mushroom and marscapone polenta."   The stromboli isn't just stromboli.  It's "pulled pork stromboli with roasted red peppers." The scalloped potatoes are "scalloped potatoes baked in a rich truffle sauce."   You get the idea.. . So if those kinds of things intimidate you, rather than excite you.... The Wicked Spoon isn't for you.  The last time my husband and I were there, as we were walking out, a couple who was also leaving turned to us with disgusted looks on their faces and said "Did you like that?"  We responded "yes" and they shook their heads and said "yuck.  We didn't."  . . So it's obviously not for everyone, but I can tell you that if you have adventurous taste buds and like to try a little bit of everything.... you won't be disappointed.
Summing up the experience, I would say - Going crazy on food!!. We were starving on a Friday morning in Vegas, 10:30AM and we had no idea whether or where we will get breakfast or lunch at such an odd time....and whoa!! This place is awesome!!. . We got a breakfast buffet entry for 17$ each at 10:45AM. The lunch buffet was starting at 11AM and the girl at billing counter was sweet enough to suggest us to enter now and sit through both breakfast (17$) and lunch (24$) buffets, for the price of just the breakfast buffet!!. . I experienced the real BRUNCH for the first time, sitting through both breakfast and lunch buffets :D. . The service is prompt with people coming in for coffee refills, drinks orders, and clearing up the table after every helping. . . The buffets - huge variety of EVERYTHING you can think of....salads, soups, appetizers, pastas, pizzas, breads, dips, cheese, paninis, pancakes, cakes, pastries, eggs, potatoes, meats, rice.....cuisines included American, Chinese, Thai, Mexican, French, Japanese...and so on.... During the lunch buffet they opened a completely new section JUST FOR DESSERTS!!! I went crazy just looking at the tempting colors and presentation of the desserts. These were for everyone, gelatos and sugar free desserts for the diet conscious,  and chocolate candies, fruits, and brownies for the chocoholics.. . Could barely walk after hogging both meals at the same time but it was an experience to remember!!!. . Smart tip - Go to wicked spoon with a growling tummy around 10:30AM :D
Better than Wynn. We were here for a Sunday brunch ($27/person). Fantastic value for wonderful variety of good quality food. Some of the standouts were thai flavored edamame, Korean spear ribs (galbi), gnocchi, mac & cheese, shrimp rolls... Very good value for the money & I would return here in a heart beat. We went to the Wynn buffet two days later & honestly, variety & taste of the food were below those of wicked spoon.
What I hate about buffets, the scary amount of food and food touching each other on the plate. Wicked spoon is awesome because its like tapas style, so everything comes in smaller individual portions. Granted, you might have to make multiple trips but thats part of the fun when it comes to buffets. . . I loved how all the food was portioned and you can try everything and always go back for more. You can avoid wasting food! All the main hot food had better presentation that it almost felt like I was at a restaurant and not at a buffet where im scooping food onto my plate like at a school cafeteria. . . Everything was so good. I had some great gnocchi, ravioli, filet mignon strips, crap cocktail with lemon. . . Cons: there were some food that came in such tiny portions and it was hard to eat lots of it without looking like a compulsive hoarder. . . I say come here for a non traditional buffet experience. Everyone goes to the Wynn and Bellagio and trust me, it gets really old fast.
I made arrangements to have my wedding brunch at the Wicked Spoon.  I wanted everyone to have what they wanted, including my picky groom & those with allergies.  Out of all the places I had checked out, WS did not increase the per person rate because we were a party.  It also was not a terribly huge place.  We had seen great reviews and video, which helped us in gauging the chat volume, which was minimal. . . I could not have been more pleased!  Our party of 18 was seated at one end of the buffet, with no thoroughfare.  There was a lot of something for everyone.  I liked the individual serving pots, kept food from drying out or being poked at by others.  The Korean spare-ribs were the party hit.  The desserts were the perfect portion size to try a little of everything.  We regret the mac n' cheese station isn't offered for brunch but next time!  Our plates were promptly picked up & cocktail refills quick.  Finish it with a walk around this lovely hotel and it was a great day. . . Our only glitch: my guests got there ahead of us and were told there was no reservation.  Luckily, I had brought the contract and we were promptly seated.
Cosmopolitan being an upscale hotel and a part of the City Center, I was shocked to find the price of the buffet only $29 on a Friday evening.  No half tail of lobster or AYCD wine are the main reasons for the disparity in price, as well as the small selection of seafood.. . This is a great buffet and for the price, might be the best $ for $.  All the servings are the right size, large enough to get enough, small enough to allow you to try everything you want.  Plus, each dish was served on a unique plate to add to the presentation.. . Favorites were the crab claws, truffled potatoes, prime rib with garlic sauce, korean short ribs, marinated prawns, lamb ribs, various salads and soups.  . . Would definitely recommend this buffet to friends or bring them here myself and go again.  Another small but nice plus is that this buffet has a restroom very close =)
Ok, no lobster or watermelon.  But it's only ~$35 a person and didn't have to wait on a Friday night.. . It's difficult finding the place.  You have to walk through the casino, up stairs, through a hallway of weird artwork.. . Every dish is placed on a small plate and decorated nicely.  They didn't go for quantity, but quality.  It was fun trying every dish and they didn't disappoint.  I would repeat and recommend.. . Avoid the artwork vending machine right outside the buffet.
Okay, I failed to post a review when I hit Cosmo's Wicked Spoon in February, so here goes:  . . I. LOVED. IT.   I am not a a big buffet fan, can take them or leave them.  But when I find a good one, I give in.  I  made my way to seethe new Cosmo a couple months ago and especially wanted to try WS.  The casino itself is quite nice and I am a fan of that as well.  Breakfast at WS was a civilized, calming dining experience.  So many buffets are trough-like and over-run with gluttonous slobs who run to and fro, eyes all agog with plates piled high and gunk all hanging over.  It's as if some people don't realize YOU CAN GO BACK FOR MORE!!   . . Not so at WS.  I personally am a fan of the tapas-esque concept they have established for their buffet.  In particular, for breakfast, I had THE most interesting, tasty and excellently prepared baked egg dish with salmon, cream cheese and capers.  My goodness.  The eggs were so light and airy, it was a delight.  There were other baked egg dishes like the pulled pork one and the wild mushrooms one, but I liked the salmon one the best.  I also had some thick cut bacon, cooked crisply and NOT drowning in grease!   Among other tasty treats, I ended my breakfast with a creamy, decadent banana smoothie that I still think about.  It is served in a shot glass.. . The room at WS gives me the feeling of zen and calm.  A civilized environment.  . . Okay, I'm done touting Wicked Spoon.  But I will definitely go back.
BONE MARROW!!! Need I say more???. . Thank goodness a friend told us about this place otherwise we would have just continued to go to disappointing buffets. The cost, about $31 after tax (not bad at all). Came here for dinner with friends and thankfully it wasn't packed (because the Lord knows I don't like people getting in the way of me and my food). Decor was beautiful and like "Liza T." said, very modern and contemporary. . . This is one of the very few buffets where I was actually excited about the food. Why? Because the first thing I saw and grabbed was the huge slab ofbone marrow sliced in half and cooked to perfection, I swear it called out to me and I answered!! *Yummm* Great selection of foods, I wish I could remember everything they served but I totally blacked out and grabbed anything and everything and by the time I sat down I had a mountain of food sitting on top of my plate! The desserts were VERY cute and not only appealed to the eyes but appealed to the taste buds as well. =D . . Definitely will be coming back to this buffet when in town again. 5 STARS!!!
Ever since the Bellagio opened up on the Strip, their buffet was generally the best in my eyes.  Though the Paris buffet is arguably just as good from what I remember, I always thought what the Bellagio had to offer was the best overall.  Well, until now that is; move over Bellagio, cuz someone has come along and snatched top billing from you.. . Now, don't let the trendy and chic decor distract you...there is some serious food being thrown out here.  While you will might assume it's just the generic sorts of items like salad, Chinese food, sushi, pasta/pizza, and carvery items, there is just so much more to it than that.  Rather, you can find more unique offerings like kalbi (Korean BBQ ribs...surprisingly good!), buns with pork belly, gnocchi, risotto, pork loin, beef stews, flatbreads, truffle potatoes, and even a station to build your own bowl of pho.  Seriously, how many other places can say that?  A pho station!  It'd be better if it were a ramen station, but still impressive enough!. . What's really cool about the place though is that it's not your usual sort of buffet where you pile a bunch of food on your plate and then go to town.  Rather, like the rest of the hotel, it feels so refined, with a majority of the food being served in small plates, bowls, and mini-pots.  Think like an individual tapas plate buffet.  Pretty ingenious if you ask me since it's probably better at reducing the amount of food that gets wasted or dumped.. . The food alone makes the price worthwhile, but it's even more reasonable when compared to the other buffets on the strip.  Considering the quality and choices, it's not too shabby at $28 a head for lunch (by Vegas buffet standards).  Wicked Spoon has pretty much all you could ask for at a buffet, but I have to admit that the long walk back to the main part of the hotel when you've got a stomach full of food kind of sucks.  In any case, Wicked Spoon is wicked awesome (so cheesy, I know).
I hate buffets but I have to admit that I will be coming back here every time I'm in Vegas. Great service and awesome food. It was my first time trying bone marrow and it was soo good I had 8 of them. The cosmo is just an awesome place period. . . McFatty out. Deuce...literally after all the food a had, a deuce was much needed....and a nap.
This is the best buffet in vegas, and best of all it is reasonably priced.  The dessert selection and entre selection is second to none.  Their must have been 30 or 40 desserts at this place including fudge, all sorts of pastries, 15 different flavors of gelato, chocolates, etc.  The food stations had everything imaginable from so many different countries.  The quality of food here is incredible.  This place is definitely on my must eat places when I visit Vegas.
12:11..err, 12:14 am.. i think.. to be honest, im not sure.. i just stumbled my way back into my apartment after a 7 hour drive, From Las Vegas, back to Whittier. A victim of my own gluttony, and self-torturing habits. head still buzzing from the effects of No-Doz, chased with tiny "5 hour Energy" bottles. i find myself awake, and, yet dead on my feet. with really only one thing lingering in my mind. i write these lines with hope, that by purging my experience, i might actually get some sleep tonight... . ah, my friends.. a circle of people that can only be described as "Family" When i learned that two of my friends(who's pending nuptials will not be recognized in CA.) decided to have their Bachelorette party in Vegas, i knew what to expect. our group Vegas trips were legendary. . . Fast-Forward to late morning, Sunday. The hazy fog is just starting to lift. i sit there, blinking into oblivion, trying to figure out what the heck transpired in the past 44 hours. surveying my surroundings, i gather that i am in some type of restaurant, a Buffet! but which one? speaking slowly, i am able to obtain that we are sitting around a table at the Wicked Spoon Buffet, inside the new Cosmopolitan hotel. little by little, my head is clearing. i am sipping at some really tasty water, decanted out of the coolest glass bottles. then, a smiling waiter slides a large glass in front of me. wait..i know what that is! its a bloody mary!! thank god! not wasting any time, i toss back the delicious concoction, and begin to gather my wits. food is what i need, and i am in the right place. . . being somewhat of a Vegas Buffet Veteran, i decide to take a surveying lap, before committing to selections. the spread seems well organized and very extensive. i grab a plate and begin my systematic buffet destruction. first round: Korean-style grilled short rib, Pork belly slider with cilantro salad, Fresh orecchiette with crimini mushrooms and braised short ribs. . . the Korean rib was excellent! perfectly grilled, and oh so tasty! the Pork belly slider was a fresh boa bun stuffed with tender pork, cilantro, and a tangy vinaigrette. it was so good, i had two more after. the mushroom and short rib pasta was served in a quaint little saute pan, and was absolutely amazing! each one of these dishes was of top-restaurant quality. this couldn't be mass-produced buffet-fare. it tasted like a well trained chef prepared these dishes just for me. The things i found here, were not the types of food often found at your run-of-the-mill Vegas buffet. Mascarpone Polenta(omg!), Dashi broth, Roasted curry cauliflower, Cypress Grove "Drunken Goat" cheese, Red Velvet Pancakes, and heirloom tomato salad. . . in the 48 hours i was a temporary resident of Las Vegas, NV. i slept not a single wink. okay, maybe a cat nap here or there. i drank, i gambled, i drank, i danced, i drank and drank some more. there are many of those 48 hours that are lost to my mind. from witness reports given to me by my good pals, maybe its better that way. but thankfully, the memories i have from the Wicked Spoon are fresh and vivid. This place will perpetually be on my list, every time i choose to destroy myself a little bit, just across the state line.
The best buffet in Vegas so far......and it's cheap!   Also, customer service is rated A1...don't miss this one guys....
I've been to a lot of buffets in Vegas (albeit not the Bellagio or Wynn) and this was the best I've seen. We went for lunch on a Monday -- $19 out the door was great! Food was mostly delicious, fresh, and somewhat unusual. Felt like I was a judge on Top Chef at times. Bone marrow???  It was very meat-heavy, so not the best spot for vegetarians. They did have some great salads and veggie sides, but very few (or any?) meat-free main dishes.  . . Much of the food is pre-portioned in little ramekins, serving pans, etc, which is super cute if you're into presentation like I am. My only complaint about that style is actually the opposite of what many here are saying. It was too much food in some cases when I only wanted a taste. If you didn't like something, it went to waste because you had to take the pre-portioned amount. My husband and I ended up traveling around the buffet together so we could share stuff. I nearly had a corn-gasm when I tasted the creamed corn and I'm sure I ate my week's worth of calories with just that dish.. . Desserts were the low-point for me. They have lots of pudding/creamy/soft sorts of choices, including gelato, but no pies, cakes or brownie-type choices. None of the desserts were labeled, so you just had to take your chances. . . All in all, we LOVED this buffet (knowing that it can't all be perfect!) and will definitely return. Plus, the Cosmopolitan is just awesome anyway.
Best bang for your buck buffet, but if you're willing to spend quite a bit more I recommend the Wynn buffet if you haven't already.
This is probably one of the best buffets in Vegas!. . We got there just in time before the crazy line started.  Lucky us!. . As I started down the line, there were so many choices!  Loved the grilled asparagus salad, mini pot of creamed corn (its really cream & corn, delish!!), fresh fruits, & dessert island with a gelato case (MMMMMM).. . The atmosphere is great, very open seating and serving stations.  I didnt get to try the carving station as there was so much to try!  They had a sushi section too.  . . I loved that lots of items were served in individual pots/plates/cups, they have great presentation!!  I wanted everything!!. . Can't wait to come back!  We even thought about going back to brunch the next day!!  YUMS!!!!!!!
Although everyone always raves about the Wynn buffet, I found Wicked Spoon to be equal or better in ever regard. I went for a Saturday brunch and paid $26.99 without champagne (average price for nice brunch buffet in vegas). Waited in line for about 20 mins (1pm). . . The food was fantastic. They had several breakfast dishes out including multiple egg dishes and omelet station. Lunch was also served at the same time. They had the best prime rib I have ever tasted. It was super juicy and tender. At the carving station, they had like 5 other options with pork, turkey and prime rib being the best.  Definitely a great experience if you love meat.. . They also had like 5 different kinds of salads. They had a variety of other dishes including asian meals (weak sushi though) but great korean bbq ribs. . . The dessert is what made this place fantastic. They had gelato ice cream (now becoming a standard) and probably the best, juiciest, largest chocolate covered strawberries I have ever eaten. Their fruit was also amazingly good, fresh and had great variety. If you are in vegas and you like buffets, you must check this one out.
Visiting Las Vegas last week was exactly what I needed. I was inspired by great work and ideas, spent time letting lose with old and new friends, and had delicious meals and desserts. No, I did not gamble. I did; however, research places I wanted to spend my calories.. The one fantastic buffet I took on was at the Cosmopolitan hotel called the Wicked Spoon.  It is truly the next generation of buffets. Yes, the food was delicious. But the desserts were something straight from a French patisserie. The dessert area was huge and house everything for a sweet tooth like me including mini tarts and keylime pies, custard in cooked in real eggs, fudge and candies, individual size lava cakes, macarons, gelato, strawberries with chocolate, and little parfaits of all types. It was a beautiful site and it was hard to stop and waive the white napkin.
Best buffet in Vegas. Lavish and decadent. Not much seafood if that's what you're looking for. Amazing mac and cheese, short ribs, and the best buffet prime rib I've ever eaten. Did I also mention the gelato bar? Mmmm..a little pricier than other buffers, but worth it.
They say breakfast is the most important meal of the day and trust me when I say you should have that most important meal here!. . They had red velvet pancakes which is pretty much a no brainer of deliciousness. It wasn't too sweet which is always  a plus for me. . There were 3 kinds of eggs benedicts - traditional, lobster, and I forget the third. . The huevos rancheros was pretty good after the initial stinkiness of eating Mexican food in the morning. . . Overall the best thing on the menu were their "tasty bunz" or cinnamon buns.....seriously tasted like heaven in my mouth, especially when it's all warm with ooie gooey cinnamonny goodness =). . Line is long for breakfast...for me, it seemed like a line to get into a club..but, worse..cuz I was starving!!!!!!
This is my favorite buffet on the strip now.  Before it was the Wynn Resorts...but now Wicked Spoon is top of my list.  In terms of quality and presentation, this is the best.  May be a bit pricey compared to others, but I think it's worth it.  Coffee is better than Starbucks and desert selection is incredible.  Sushi bar is okay...but it's the other stuff that's great.  Highly recommend.
The anticipation was filling the air with excitement, a buffet with a new twist, what could make this so much better than the dozen of others I had been to? Just the thought of individual serving bowls and plates filled with a couple of bites of delectable cuisine made me giddy. . . We weren't first in line but damn near close, and once seated, we were off to explore what we had been reading about now for weeks.  I started with the Asian side and brought back my first few selections.  Everything so neat and tidy in small take out boxes.  My first bites proof that the wait was worth it.. . After several plates and rounds, including a personal mac and cheese creation, t was off to the deserts.  The gold leafing was impressive, the different fudge mixes all seemed too unreal, overall this was a really exceptional meal.  I say, a good place to impress.
Simply put, this place is sinfully delicious. Great price for a vegas buffet and tons of variety. I especially love the dessert options.
What can I say? Amazing food (nothing was bad) & amazing service for a buffet at an affordable price (for buffets in Vegas that is)
My new favorite buffet in LV.. . While the individual portion servings are a novelty, they didn't really add anything to the dining experience.  But I did feel like that they had a good overall selection of entrees and the quality of the food overall was quite good.. . I particularly enjoyed the dessert selections (I must've had a total of 3 servings of gelato!) and the finer details of the dining experience such as the placemats, silverware, water bottles at each table, etc.
Best buffet in Vegas! Many dishes are served in individual warming dishes. Great selection. Could have a few more sushi choices though.
My girlfriend and I were both skeptical about any kind of Vegas buffet, but this one blew us both away.  Cinammon walnut French toast and red velvet pancakes are to die for!  If you like Mimosas or bloodies for brunch, get the bottomless option for just a few dollars more.  Well worth the trek regardless of the hotel your staying at.
By far one of the best buffets out there (and I am not a fan of buffet style restaurants). It was food heaven!  and DESSERTS............ were amazing!
After a long walk from Aria where i parked to Cosmo and getting lost looking for the buffet I reached it. . SENSORY EFFING OVERLOAD. To start off the server was a little slow off the line to bring me water and my soda because i had already came back with my food. And im one who likes to have food and soda or whatever while  i eat. Well he did redeem himself.. . I was a little nervous when i read how some things are preportioned but ya know thats bad ass. The chicken in its own basket. Sweet potato fries in a basket. The Gen Tso chicken in a take out box. The theme kicked ass. And because i ate a little less of EVERYTHING i got to actually Eat EVERYTHING. From the first salad station all the way down to the dessert, Which Hot damn make your own Strawberry short cakes. And i went for brunch minus the alcohol because i was driving. I will be back in the near future when i venture onto the strip and want a great buffet and a reasonable price for the STRIP. . . The decor is pretty nice to and they play good music. In my book the desserts werent overly sweet and they have enough to satisfy anyones palate.
The Mother of Vegas buffets!  High class!
I am very selective when it comes to writing up a 5 star review for a restaurant. Usually this needs to be earned through multiple visits, but I have to say that I was blown away by this buffet. It is not just your typical buffet where selection is the key factor in its success. . . The Wicked Spoon earns its stripes due to the stylishness that it presents its dishes. You feel like the offerings here are items that could be served a la carte at a great restaurant, as opposed to being just one choice in a buffet line.. . First off, the ambiance in the RESTAURANT sets the tone. You actually have placemats for your plates and water is presented in a large glass bottle.. . I went to Wicked Spoon for the dinner buffet ($29) and was amazed by the menu offerings. I like that this place does not stick to a certain menu. If the preparation for a dish is not good, they are willing to chuck it in favor of something else. . . But what struck me is that this place may take something as simple as mac & cheese and jazz it up with a gourmet spin. It also helps that they serve it in untypical individual pot dishes. It makes you feel like it was made specifically for you. A departure from those large buffet servers.. . They have a variety of cuisines offered here. Asian, Italian and Creole notably are featured. Again, I like the little touches here. I love that they put the curry tofu into a mini Chinese takeout box. This place also introduced meto the concept of charcuterie which I was familiar, but yet to try. And I have to say pork rillettes is one of my new favorite food things.. . Nothing at the Wicked Spoon seems typical. That would be obvious by the offering of a selection of chocolates and gelato at the desserts table. When have you ever seen gelato at a buffet? I love the Wicked Spoon because it makes me feel like I am dining at a great restaurant rather than a buffet.
Awesome brunch buffet! The atmosphere's great too. It's not everyday you can listen to classic rock while at a buffet =). . Not everything comes in huge bowls with a serving spoon, a lot of food is divided to single servings too.
I personally feel this is the best buffet in Vegas. I went here for Sunday Brunch on Mother's day and was pleasantly surprised by the selection and quality of food. This buffet offers a wide selection but some of the stars were the bone marrow, the lamb, the asparagus and beet salad. Not to mention, the crab claws were big and flavorful. The waiter was extremely friendly and never let our champagne glasses get empty! Major plus... All in all, I have to say I really enjoyed my experience at Wicked Spoon and would definitely come back again.
Have you ever ate so much bone marrow that you felt like your arteries were getting clogged? I have. That stuff is really really heavy! Sad thing is.. it was just two bones before I felt that disgusting. Yup. . . Anyway, for a buffet, this place was excellent! Crab claws pre-shelled were fresh. The chorizo-infused salmon was great. The prime rib was a little overcooked for my taste, but not bad. And bone marrow at a buffet? That's the first time I've ever seen that. And all the side dishes like ceviche, skirt steak, were great, as well. You know what was probably the best thing there, though? Korean short ribs. Weird.. this is the first buffet that got an Asian dish right!. . Desserts were okay, but not great.. but I was way too full by that point to care!
With my vast experience (this place plus the Mirage), I can definitively say this buffet is the best value on the Strip.  Weekend brunch is $26, $35 with unlimited boozies (mimosa or bloody mary).. . The first thing I noticed about Wicked Spoon was that it had Class.  Placemats, nice silverware, glass carafes of water on the table...and that was just the beginning.  I became fairly obsessed over their dishware over the two hours I was there - the small square bowls for salads, the mini fryer baskets for the wings, the ying-yang condiment bowls, the espresso cups for the gelato, the metal creamer "milk carton", the mini lidded sautee pans for baked items...oh my god I could go on and on.. . But onto the food...oh the food.  I did not expect such quality and variety from a $26 buffet - my favorite highlights:. -salami and cheese selection. -watercress and burrata salad. -made to order omelets. -gnocchi. -a dozen (!!) flavors of gelato. -dessert dessert dessert!
I want to go back to Vegas not for the gambling or amazing shows, but for the Wicked Spoon Buffet. My husband and I went one Saturday evening before seeing a show, and were absolutely blown away at the food. It was not your typical buffet, where there are just vats of food available, but each item was ingeniously placed in individual serving bowls.  This limits not only waste, but allows one to try many items since you are not filling up on any one particular item. But the orechiette pasta in tomato sauce? Sounds plain but OMG!!!! Or the gnocchi in lobster ragu? Fantastic! And then there are the desserts....oh so fabulous. This place was so good, we decided to go back for breakfast the next morning!
It's official - I have a new favourite buffet in town. For months now I have been mourning the fact that I rarely get to go to M Resort's Studio B because of next to no options for my vegetarian wife - my experience at The Wicked Spoon has made me forget all about it.. . Firstly, if you're a vegetarian like my wife, don't worry about some reviews you see here saying that there's nothing for vegetarians - you'll be more than fine. There's a stack of options for everyone and even the things that you would consider "sides" are quite incredible. By "vegetarian" here I mean ACTUAL vegetarian, not the "vegetarians" who "eat fish or chicken".. . Now, on to the main body of the review. We had no idea this buffet even existed. I had always thought The Cosmopolitan was yet another tower of condos, but it's a fully fledged casino with restaurants and everything.. . This buffet is much different from anything you've seen in Vegas before. There are no giant troughs of food to scoop from here, but individual portions in little pans and covered pots. Most of the time when I go to a buffet I end up eating a lot of about two or three things that I find I like - here EVERYTHING was great. Leek Bread Pudding? A SAVOURY bread pudding? I hate the dessert version of this dish, but this was awesome. I'd never even heard the word "succotash" before this meal unless is was preceded by the word "suffering" in a Warner Brothers cartoon, but this was great. How are -vegetables- "great" on a buffet? . . There were so many things to see and try here that looked different and interesting that by the time I had loaded up on all my swag the first things I had taken were cold. Next time I think I'll get one thing at a time.. . My only lament is that they don't let you go home for a few hours before you tackle dessert, because the options here are impressive ,too, with a great gelato station, huge chocolate-covered strawberries, an assortment of mini chocolate desserts, mousses, cookies and even some jazzed-up peanut butter cups and Kit-Kats.. . At 35 bucks per head for dinner this place isn't cheap, but it's a real experience. I've found myself extremely burned out with buffets over the past year or so, but Wicked Spoon has really thrown me a curveball. It's a different concept with interesting choices beyond the standard buffet fare. Even if you usually avoid buffets, this place is different enough that you have to try it for yourself.. . Definitely the best buffet on the main Strip area and quite possibly the best in the valley.
I like it better than the Bellagio Buffet. There I said it.  It's about two-thirds of the price and the selection in my book is just as good. I felt less like some weird trespasser into the realm of gourmet food and more like I was being invited to try some dishes that put a s pin on the normal buffet favorites. . . I like the fact that you select your dish and it is there in a mini pot or pan. It keeps the food warm/cool and means that your food doesn't end up on soem weird buffet heap. Besides, the small portions are perfect for tasting/sampling and you can always go back for more. . . I liked the various options - Red Velvet Pancakes for brunch. Delicious. . The variety is not the Rio buffet, where you can literally probably find every food you can ever imagine, but it flowed well and there was certainly enough that I didn't feel bad for paying my $26 per person.
I give this place 5 stars for their ice cream bar and desert station.. ice cream bar has over 20 flavors and you can request to have then in a little cup made like waffle cone with chocolate cover in the inside.  I tried pistachio, coconut and Tiramitsu.. they also has huge strawberry cover with chocolate and so many more attractive looking desert.. the desert here are small portion but looks good and taste good.. other food are good but didn't leave me long lasting memory.. went for brunch and they have option of adding $8 more to have all you can drink mimosa or champagne.
BEST BRUNCH BUFFET EVER. :D. I've only come for the brunch on Saturdays/Sundays which is only $26 & if you want the all you can drink mimosa's & bloody marys its just a $9 extra. . I loved the korean bbq short ribs, creamed corn (best creamed corn ever), cinnamon french toast, all the delicious foods in the mini pan pots & for dessert, their huge chocolate covered strawberries & seasonal mini apples dipped in chocolate were to die for!! Those mini apples covered w/ white & milk chocolate were soooooooo amazing!! I was so full after the breakfast & lunch foods that I was stuffed by the time I got to dessert but those mini apples were so good, I couldn't help eating a couple. :P . I love the interior design of Wicked Spoon Buffet as well. Most beautifully decorated. . Everything from the really nice & prompt waiters/waitresses, such a variety of delicious & great quality food to choose from, classy design, & being spotlessly clean...it's no wonder people from all over the world have been coming to see what all the raves about. :)
I'd like to start by saying that my fiance and I, along with our maid of honor and best man, went to the Wicked Spoon buffet almost 2 months ago, but it left such a great impression on me that I have to Yelp about it.. . In general I think Vegas buffets are all the same: same food, same dessert, same outrageous prices, etc.  I had read some reviews about this place, however, and thought I'd give it a shot.  I am *SO* glad I did.. . Wicked Spoon is located in the Cosmopolitan hotel and casino, where the nightclub Marquee is located.  We went at 11:30AM for brunch, which cost $26/person (not bad at all).  There was a very short wait, about 5 minutes.  . . When we got to our table, we were greeted by a nice lady who took our drink orders, and we all dashed to get food.  Okay, seriously?: red velvet pancakes???  I haven't gotten anything half as delicious at any other boring Vegas buffet.  Also, the buffet featured pad thai and kung pao chicken (not the Costco kind, either! This was fresh and well done.) which was delicious.. . They also had different kinds of fudge, chocolate covered strawberries, gelatto... just, wow.. . **Special note:  The night prior to our brunch, we had discovered that our maid of honor had been cheating on her husband, our best man, for the past 9 months.  It ruined the entire trip.  Thankfully, our brunch was so amazing that none of us brought up what a hoe-bag she is.  I mean, if this buffet can distract you that well, it is definitely worth it.. . Can't wait to go back.  This time without the group setting.
After trying many buffets in Vegas, this is by far the BEST one ever!!! It isn't overpriced considering how fancy the Cosmopolitan is in general and the quality of the food is just amazing. This buffet knows the beauty of portion control and that alone is worth the experience...rather than set up the food in mountains of food like other places, the food is plated in the perfect sized portions! Even the water they brought to the table was super crisp and palette cleansing. The waitress we had was very attentive and never let our glasses get empty. For the price, this place is worth every penny. It's kind of hidden in the Cosmo, but its worth the hunt. Perfection!
BEST buffet I have had so far in Vegas!!! Much better than the one at Wynn.. . My friends and I went there on a Thursday night and it wasn't crowded at all. I love their individual plates and awesome dessert selection! Our server was super nice and friendly. Their decor is modern and chic. Food wise, two of my favorites are the bone marrow, and creamed corn. You have to save some room for their desserts! . . I definitely want to go there again next time I am in town.
An excellent buffet that caters to noveau foodies and art lovers.  For being a buffet, the desserts are essentially art.  Wonderful flavors, concoctions, pairings, and choices.  And, I love that they had marrow.  Such a delicious treat!  Everything great has been said about this buffet, so I will just leave it at that.
I love how there was NO WAIT when I was dying of hunger (that alone deserved 5 stars).  I was SHOCKED.  We're so used to waiting in line forever everywhere in Vegas.. . The presentation of this place was really spectacular.  Almost everything was presented in a little pot or dish.  So you can only get maybe 4 items each time (because you run out of space to hold in your hand).  But that was fine.  It forced me to idolize their presentation and taste each dish instead of swallowing everything down like there's no tomorrow at my typical buffet visit.  The cauliflower puree and bone marrow were two of my favorites.. . Although the presentation "looked" really good, but to be honest, the food had some hit or misses... I'm a BIG fan of soup, so when I discovered there were only miso soup and tomato bisque, I was a bit disappointed.. . Other than that, I don't really have too much to complaint about.  The service here was great, too.
I have had many buffets and there are many I thought were the best.  However, this was by far the best buffet I've eaten at.  The food was so fresh.  The recipies were so flavorful.  The variety was unreal.  It was fancy food as well like crab and shrimp varieties.  I would say it is enjoyable for everyone.
Go in expecting tapas-style dinning. I really enjoyed all the food and would recommend the buffet and the hotel as well.
came here twice around 11am on a weekday. gnocchi was delicious, as were several other dishes. quality is high and would definitely come back again. had sea bass and salmon, cauliflower that was tasty, and theirgelato.
I have always carved out at least one day on my trips to Las Vegas to include the Wynn Buffet. I might have to change that now that I have visited the Wicked Spoon. We had to catch a flight at 11:20 am and needed a place in the hotel to catch breakfast. We arrived here at 8am and the line was minimal. Brunch was around $25 and that is an absolute steal folks. The Wynn brunch is a bit more expensive. First and foremost like everything else at the Cosmopolitan the dining area is absolutely gorgeous. The dinnerware is very nice and bar itself is very carefully laid out and similar to the Wynn's. I hate the way the Bellagio buffet is arranged since this causes logjams at certain areas. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. The Wicked Spoon really prides itself on presentation. For the first trip to the bar I just walked around and gawked at how well displayed the food was. Seriously you could walk around with a camera and photograph this stuff for Food & Wine. . . Some of the highlights from the bar include Asiago Stuffed Gnocchi, Cavatelli Pasta with braised short ribs, Portuguese sausage, hashbrowns, Truffle infused au gratin, and the Sticky Buns. They have a nice mix of just about everything you could want. I didn't really have enough room for dessert but would love to come back here for dinner.. . The Wynn has some stiff competition now for buffet supremacy. I won't issue a final verdict until I attend this place for dinner. Don't miss the Wicked Spoon if you want a great buffet experience in Las Vegas.
Wow, I had heard a lot of good things about the Wicked Spoon, located in the Cosmopolitan, but I was not prepared for what I encountered! We had friendly service from start to finish! The brunch was $22 per person, which was WAY less than I've paid at other buffets in Vegas! And the food was phoenominal and presented in a brilliant way! Bonus: the brunch price also includes a complimentary bloody mary!!!
OMG GASTRONOMICALLY DELICIOUS!!! a bit pricey but well worth it. great variation of foods and desserts. cute seating area. presentation of foods make it a fun adventure. service was good, our tables were always cleared quickly after we were done with each round.
Great new location (although the parking entrance was hard to find LOL...but I guess that goes with all these new hotels now).  Wicked Spoon Buffett is not listed as a "buffet" on their directory so it's kinda hard to find unless you knew it was a buffet to begin with.. . Pricewise it was very decent.. Service was excellent.. I love their take on the individual sized portions.. I liked the variety, from breakfast items, to chicken, salads, asian food and the dessert bar was awesome.. . Of the ayce places in vegas...i'd come here again.
By far the best brunch buffet on the strip. The desserts are gluttonous with variations of chocolate covered strawberries,real ice cream (not icky soft serve) and a plethora of berries and fruits. If anything, just go there for dessert!
I was looking forward to eating at The Wicked Spoon. Everyone said how good it was. They weren't wrong. I had the best salmon ever. General Tsao's chicken I thought would be to hot but it was wonderful. The desserts are out of this world. I wished I could have stayed all day. I will be back and I will tell my friends. Don't waste your time going to the Aria buffet. Not worth it. M' hotel has a good buffet if you don't mind driving. Seniors get 2 for 1 on Wednesdays. $14.99 for two. But if you go on the weekend they get you for $35.00 a person and no discount. They threw a few seafood items on there and that's why they are charging $20.00 more. Not worth it for that price.
By far my favorite buffet on the strip. The prices have gone up since the first time I went but I'm not surprised. I Love the food and the individual servings. The dessert section is Amazing, but they give tiny scoops of gelato now. :-/ Still the other pastries are delish!!! . Highly recommend this buffet
This is still my kind of buffet. I have eaten here several times and the food changes frequently love the quality and selection. Love the flavor of the meats. The salad bar area is also very unique. You gotta love a place that serves heirloom tomato salad and figs. Hellz yes!
Oh Wicked Spoon Buffet, why are you so wickedly good to me??. . I love the way you work up my appetite as I walk along the long hallways to you.  I also love that you have put little entertaining pieces along the way such as ginormous shoes, statues, and telescopes where I can take fun pictures with my friends.  . . Although the price to get through to you was almost $40 on Memorial weekend, I think you were worth it for the ENDLESS mimosas, the excellent service you gave me and my friends and the AMAZING quality of your food.  . . I loved how your waiters were super efficient and anticipated the needs of my whole group.  Your cute presentation of each dish is a genius idea and the portion is just perfect.  The variety of food you gave me made me oooo and ahhh as I made my rounds.  The pasta and mashed potatoes were so creamy, the meat was melt in my mouth tender, the dessert station and especially the cookies and cream ice cream blew my mind as you tingled my taste buds left and right.  I had one crazy food session with you!. . I left feeling full and completely satisfied by how good you treated me.  And!  If you're wondering if I'll come back to you for more?  Why yes, yes I will :D  YOU are now my FAVORITE out of all the Vegas buffets on the strip.
Hot damn this was a good buffet. I really don't know what else to say! It's a very sophisticated buffet, if you will, with individual-sized portions of most of their main entrees. I imagined myself as Padma Lakshmi as I was tasting each dish, haha.... . Some of the wonderful eats I had were:. . Beef bone marrow w/ bread crisps. Caesar salad. Prime rib. Crab fried rice. Pork belly fried rice. Shrimp cocktail. Watermelon gazpacho. Gnocchi. Spicy tuna rolls. Kalbi. Dim sum. Charcuterie station. Etc, etc, etc, etc......... . I can't even begin to start writing about the dessert station - it kinda reminded me of the Patisserie at the Bazaar. I only allowed myself a couple chocolate covered strawberries since I felt like beached whale by that point. . . A great, great buffet for $35/person (for dinner).
Hands down, best buffet I have ever eaten at!  I had read so many great reviews that my wife and I decided to go for our anniversary dinner.  A buffet for an anniversary?  We are simple people who enjoy amazing food.  The price was right at $35 each and from what I had heard, the food was great.  We got here at 5 p.m. right when it opened for dinner so there was no line.  The first thing I noticed was the excellent cheese, bread, meat, and salad section.  I love a good cheese plate and I was able to make an amazing one of my own from what they had to offer.  The Caesar, BLT, and Beet salads were awesome and perfectly portioned in the little dishes.  One thing that I knew I had to try was the Bone Marrow.  I had never had it before and the gentleman at the meat station was kind enough to give me a quick bone-marrow-eating-lesson.  Delicious!  Besides the Gnocchi, every single thing I had here was incredibly awesome!  General Tsao Chicken, Braised Short Rib w/ Pasta, Potatoes w/ Truffle Oil, etc., etc.  My wife was stuffed full but could not stop eating/raving about this little chocolate cake drizzled with caramel sauce.  Needless to say, dessert was pretty great as well.  This was a great experience and we have to go back.  We have to go baaaack!
Awesome! You don't feel like you've wasted any food. The ambiance is calm and the service is on top of it. The food is good and not your run-of-the-mill LV buffet fare. The dessert area is diabetes inducing but oh so worth it! I will definitely make this a go-to buffet whenever I'm in LV!
One of better hotel buffets in Vegas. I've heard of Wynn buffet but have not had a chance to try it yet.
I heart Buffets.  There, I said it. People complain about large variety at the cost of quality dishes, poor presentation, so on and so forth. Well, two words for ya'll: Wicked Spoon.. . Not much else I can say that anyone else hasn't already said, but in short, the quality is great with some unique dishes on the strip and the presentation is great, as a good as you can expect from a buffet line.   I think I've found my new favorite buffet on the strip.
Incredible new concept to buffet. This is world-class, top notch tapas-style buffet, but be prepared to pay the price. $35 for adults and $12 for kids between 4 and 12. Want to go to a fancy shmancy restaurant but don't want to pay the extra hefty price tag? Or if you're like us, you have little kids and aren't welcome at fancy shmancy restaurants. :). . The food here is divine... From the fresh crab legs to the salads to the freshly caught sushi, come here and expect the best. My favorites? Miso shrimp salad, kalbi beef (short ribs), crispy something shrimp ad of course, the Mac and cheese bar. But definitely save room for dessert! You'll get full just by looking at the dessert area. Tiramisu, pecan pie bar and the chocolate covered strawberries are not to be missed!
Legit, easily my favorite buffet in Vegas, and I didn't even get to try everything.. . My friends and I tried to eat lunch at Wicked Spoon for lunch one afternoon and lo and behold they were closed!! Boooooooooooo.. So my girlfriend and I settled for dinner one night before Celine. Dinner was super affordable; my wallet didn't lose as much weight as I thought. I knew the meal would be awesome from the swipe of my credit card.. . Walking in felt like I was walking into heaven. I smelled some awesome aromas. The decor was inviting. It felt a little more upscale than some of the other Vegas buffets, and most people were dressed decent, aka they weren't wearing shorts and a cutoff shirt.. . Our server[?] greeted us and took drink orders, we started out with some water. They don't have tap...or maybe it's tap in a fancy bottle. Regardless, our server was super polite and attentive.. . At any buffet, I expect a lot. At a Vegas buffet, I expect the world served on a silver platter. Wicked Spoon doesn't have silver platters, but they have food that ispre-portioned in neat little serving dishes. The food is wide in variety, incorporating favorites likes like prime rib and crab legs, with things like five-spice pork ribs, bone marrow, and lamb stuffed gnocci. WS is truly a gourmet buffet.. . But the absolute highlight of this dining experience was the dessert station. Intricately crafted treats that taste as fantastic as they look. Traditional delectables like creme brulee and assorted fruit tarts sit next to steroid-infused-chocolate-covered strawberries and a gelato buffet. Yes, WS has a station dedicated to gelato. drooooooooooooL.. . I don't think I've ever said this, but I can't wait to come back here.. . My biggest regret going to Wicked Spoon is that I didn't wear my buffet pants. [insert sad face]
I'm not a buffet person but loved this one. The gnocchi was my fave
Heard and read a lot of good things about this new buffet at the Cosmo so I was looking forward to finally trying it. This place gets an extra star for it being only 29 bucks for dinner which is a lot cheaper than what you'd think it'd be with other buffets going for 50 a head. This place is very unique as far as buffets go in that the food is portioned out into little trays, to-go boxes, and pots. It's a very clever idea so that there isn't as much food wasted. The food here isn't as fancy as some of the other big buffets but there is still a lot to choose from which was very tasty. They have all types of foods from Asia, to Italy, to French. One of my favorite plates was the truffle potatoes which was full of flavor and delicious. The desserts here are also a highlight as they have their own gelato area which has over 10 flavors. Overall, I had a good experience eating here and had lots of good food all for a very good price.
If you had one choice to eat at a Buffet, go to this one!!!! Some people might not know, but this is located on the 2nd floor. There is another buffet on the first floor. The size of each food is a small proportion, which is awesome if you want to try everything and not be so wasteful. Price for dinner is $35, and $20ish for lunch, so cheaper than other buffet, but the quality is superb. The details and effort in presentation is great. Best buffet place and all sorts of seafood, asian, and desserts.
Best buffet in Vegas! I've tried buffets before and after Wicked Spoon and nothing tastes as great. Most of their selections come served in cute little individual pot-pans. Also majority of the items I got were all really good. If it said truffled potatoes, you could actually taste the truffle in it.  I would recommend loading up on the meat and shrimp dishes. They also have an excellent assortment of desserts. My favorites were the cake pops and salted caramel gelato. Lastly to top it off, the atmosphere and decor of the place is awesome chic and modern, and in one of my new favorite Vegas hotels - The Cosmopolitan.
of all the buffets i've been to in my life, wicked spoon is the only one i can say is the best. . . first off, a tapas style buffet is genius. it lets you try lots of different things and never makes you leave feeling overly stuffed and gross. . . below are a couple noteworthy dishes. . i've never had good prime rib at any buffet, and i have no idea how wicked spoon did it, but theirs is the best prime rib i've ever had in my life.. . mac and cheese bar - you can get homemade mac and cheese mixed together with lobster, steak, mushrooms....goodness gracious it's ridiculous you had at me at mac and cheese. you didn't even need to add all this other stuff. but you did and made me way happier. . i love their pork belly sliders. the bread they use are the buns you get with peking duck. super soft and fluffy buns with juicy crispy pork belly. insane.. . their appetizer crab claws are the best form of buffet style crab i've ever seen. at least 47.3x easier to get the crab meat out versus bellagio/wynn/rio etc etc etc and probably quadruple the flavor. . . there were dozens of other things i ate, but those are the most noteworthy. . . best. buffet. ever.
Inebriated, yes. However, I think the selection is as playful as a buffet will get with the food. There is actual presentation with individual pots, dishes, etc. which adds to the appeal in my opinion. I like how you can only fit a max of 5 things which keeps you going back. I like it because it feels as if you're eating a personalized plate as opposed to cramming as much food as you can so your lazy ass doesn't have to waddle back. I LOVED the leek bread pudding. I wish they served king crab legs as opposed to snow but beggars can't be choosers. Oh yeah, the dessert was delicious. There was a cup of passion fruit and chocolate that I absolutely loved. I wish I tried everything. You probably want to avoid the "Asian" section. Subpar and salty. Though sushi is buffet-esque if you know what I mean. Show me a buffet that does sushi legit (besides of course an AYCE sushi place).
Oh Wicked Spoon, you are so wickedly delicious. . . Why did I decide to stuff myself at Wicked Spoon before hitting the pool? Who knows... but I definitely don't regret any bite of it! . . Located in the gorgeous Cosmopolitan, Wicked Spoon gets my vote on best buffet in Vegas! What sets Wicked Spoon apart is the quality and taste of their food. Not the widest selection offered but everything tasted fresh and gourmet. Yums! . . Best dessert section I've ever seen! Gelato! Cakes! Cookies! Scones! The list goes on. . . I wish I came for dinner instead of brunch.. that way, I could've stuffed my belly more! If you're looking for a buffet with good food, look no further!
A really nice buffett with a chic/contemporary interior (well..it's inside Cosmopolitan Hotel so expect it :)). Why am I going to restaurants in Vegas when this tops the regular restaurants expectations. I liked their fish/meat and desserts. I don't think they were lacking on anything really - They have a range from latin, Japanese, Korean, American, italian, Greek, and other assortments of ethnic food in TAPAS STYLE. Lots of variety. Lots of time. . . Juices: They have gazpacho, mango blend, watermelon and other delicious thirst quenchers on the buffett tables or you can order OJ etc with your wait staff. C'est La Vie Health Nuts!!. . Dessert  GALOREEE! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K7lWdNUhCbcnEvI0NhGewg?select=xDoLAU2S10POWue58tlXBw. Also includes: choc covered atrawberries, gelatto, pastries, cupcakes besides what is in that photo.. . The brunch costs are buffett prices, but the options and presentation makes up for it!! I'm coming back to you, WS, so I can share it with my friends.
I loved this buffet. I want to marry this buffet. The portions were in small containers which meant you didn't overeat which I really appreciated. The selection and variety were top notch. They had everything from breakfast staples to Chinese food. We did the unlimited mimosas for $40 and it was worth it if you liked to get a little bubbly with your brunch.. . I was praying when I was there. Praying for another stomach because the food was so good and I wanted to eat as much as of it as I can. Alas, to no avail. I made it to 3 rounds, sans dessert, and I had to throw my towel in. Still, we spent a good 3 to 4 hours there because it was very relaxed and the food watching was spectacular. Will go here again!
huge chocolate covered strawberries at a buffet??  crazy gelato section...This buffet is a bit cheaper than most of the high-end quality buffets in Vegas but can compete pretty well with their modern look and amazing dessert section.. . a must visit buffet in Vegas for sure.  high quality meats and small personalized portions of dishes make this even a great romantic venture.  . . dang it, it's 16 floors below where I'm staying....I'm tempted to go for every meal...you are wicked...stop tempting me.
Okay...we weren't sure if this place was gonna be great but we foud that it was awesome! It was even more awesome to find out my younger bros friend is one of the main chefs in charge here. What a small world to bump into him here. No wonder the food is awesome!!! Haha!
We went on the 4th of July weekend and had brunch at Wicked Spoon in Cosmopolitan Casino/Hotel it was delicious.  The food was fresh and the portion was put in small plates, pots and bowls, so you just pick it up and put on your plates. I have tried many places in Vegas and this is the place that I will go back for sure. They also have the usual station like other hotels. We thought the price would be expensive because the hotel look fabulous and elegant, but it was reasonable compare to other hotels which cost more and the food is not that great.   We have also stop by M Resort before we got to Cosmopolitan Hotel because we have heard that the buffet was good, so we tried it out the food was not that great at all and the price is way to expensive.   So, just drive straight to Cosmopolitan Hotel and you will not be disappointed.
If an orgasm was in food form it'd be in the form of Wicked Spoon. BEST DAMN BUFFET PERIOD. . . $29 bucks to shut up and stuff your face. Good luck!
Located on the 2nd level of the Cosmopolitan hotel, the line forms well before opening at 5pm for dinner. At about 4:50pm the cashiers begin to take payments and you stand in another line to wait to be seated. At exactly 5pm, the hosts seat you, and the race is on! . . I loved this buffet and upscale feel to it! $35 for dinner is well worth it as it is comparable to other buffets on the strip in terms of price. I love the small dish concept. Although it takes up a lot of space on your place, portion controlled dishes reduces the amount of waste. It also makes you feel like your dish was made especially for you rather than in one huge batch.. . We were seated right by the buffet line which was awesome. Our server and the busers were on top of it. I like how they serve you non-sparkling water and the busers come around often to clear your plates and small dishes. I feel bad for the dishwashers!. . The buffet line was extensive and includes a lot of items you don't normally get in a buffet. I liked the smoked salmon, corn, and kalbi. There was a mac and cheese station. You choose your cheese and choose your pasta. I added a little ham to have some meat in there. The prime rib was good as well. The crab, although conveniently split open for you was cold. I prefer steamed/hot crab.. . On to the desserts! Many choices as well, including sugar free. I liked the ice cream and creme brule. My only complaint about the dessert selection was the chocolate covered strawberries and marshmallows had nuts on them.. . I asked our server how many can the restaurant seat since it seemed so enormous. He said he knew there are 200 tables so it could seat maybe 500-600. He added that sometimes all the tables are full and there are several hundred more people waiting in line to get in. Reviews, and apparently long lines, do not lie people! Go out and try it!
For the price and quality, this place is AWESOME!!. . Loved. 1. marscapone polenta with mushrooms. 2. Bone marrow (marrow + toasty bread + salt = HEAVEN). 3. Fried Shrimp (asian section and i ate the whole thing). 4. Mashed Potatoes (I know, seriously? but yeah these were bomb). . Those were the standouts for me, at least what I remember haha. GO TO IT! you won't regret it!
Served in mini dishes and totally worth the $$! Unique, high quality foods!
I went here for the first time recently and it was probably the best buffet I've ever been to. It's 35 bucks per person but totally worth it. Everything is served in little portions which works if you really want to try it all. Even their water is good! I really can't think of anything that I didn't enjoy there. Their dessert section is amazing. Their grapefruit sorbetto was my personal favorite.
I would definitely say this is the best buffet I've ever been to, even in Vegas. Reasonably priced and everything was really well presented, fresh, and tasted delicious. I loved it! Try everything, it is a buffet after all!
On our recent Vegas trip, we didn't spend much of our time in the Cosmopolitan.  Yet we still happened to stumble upon this wicked awesome place.  With that, I'm going stay far away from using descriptive adjectives to describe how tubular this place from now on.  Oh yeah, I brought the tubular!. . On our little walk into the Cosmo, we hadn't eaten lunch and our tummies were growling for some chow down.  We telepathically brain stormed that a buffet was only appropriate.  After following some signs to leading us to our destination of the Wicked Spoon, the pathway of a lobby from the escalators to the restaurant had a really interesting piece of art involving a pack of dogs with confused faces.  The child in me used it as a photo op.  http://s3-media3.px.yelpcdn.com/photo/ojOy5r-DE_KvaGcSGhuMpQ/l.jpg. . To the restaurant we went!  When sat, we quickly surveyed the variety of food available.  To my surprise, much of everything came in little plates, pots, or containers.  It was one of the neatest little things I've seen, a homage to Alice in Wonderland or something out there.  Each selection had its own serving size, and i'm assuming the theme of their title coincides with how they deliver the food to the customer.  . . For instance, their Asian section had pad thai and it was served in little doggy bags.  Now, instead of deeming this insanely tacky; it was creatively preparedwell and was surprisingly good.  The pot pie came in little pots reminiscent of my little sister's pretend tea party and dinners of when she was younger.  It doesn't stop there. It was clearly one of the best executed buffets I've eaten.  . . This was by far, me and Bun's favorite buffet on our Vegas trip.  Everything we tried was amazing.  From the little cups of mac and cheese to the moist slivers of fish in a bowls, it was something to be amazed at.  For those who are anti-buffet, this place may turn the tides of your opinion.  The serving sizes allow for the right amount of food without reaching the point of disgust upon sight where some buffets go.  . . Looking for a buffet in Vegas?  With a decent price and outstanding food, look no further than the Wicked Spoon!
Thanks Yelp. We went to this place because of you and it was toootally worth it. We have been to our fair share of buffets in Vegas and this was the best one yet. I liked the fact that they had items already portioned off because I don't like the flavors of my food getting all mixed up. They had awesome Korean bbq and a great General Tso's chicken. Everything I had was great except for the crab legs. They were a bit small and lacking in taste. The cavatelli with lamb was insane. Possibly the best dish there. The desserts were great and numerous. The gelato station was a lot of fun. To me this is the only reason to hit up the Cosmo. The rest of the hotel is boring. Full of bling but boring. Still worth a trek over there for this awesome tasting buffet. I'd come for lunch though and save a lil' $.
worth more than they charge!  there was so many different dishes and all were fantastic.  would come back again.
WOW!!! This was the best buffet in Vegas!! We just came back from our 4th trip to Vegas, and you can't beat Wicked Spoon. We have been to practically every buffet there, and this one can't be beat. We found out about it from our fellow Yelpers! (thanks guys!) It was so good, we hit it 2x in our week there. First time, we went for dinner with friends of ours who are very picky, meat & potato people from Tx. (We're from Nyc, and eat everything! Lol). At first glance I wasn't sure they would like it because the dishes looked fancy and real creative. However, the buffet is BIG and there are many different foods for every pallet. Each station has a different type of food, and each portion comes in a little container that looks like a 1 cup measuring cup. Very cute. Also a good idea because then you won't take more than you can eat. They had a great salad/fruit/cheese area, a MAC AND CHEESE BAR where you customize your dish!!, Korean bbq section, (amazing!), chinese food (general tso's chicken was great!) pasta, prime rib, sushi, crab legs, etc. We had an amazing lamb/cavatelli dish that could not be beat. Unreal flavor. I had 2 servings of that. Crab legs are usually my favorite thing, but these were skinny and dry and not good. That was the only zonk in there! Service was fantastic. The atmosphere is that of an upscale NY restaurant, not a buffet. Wait staff is on top of it with re-filling your glasses and removing old plates asap. Very friendly. . Then when you're done eating- there's the dessert bar!! OMG! Take a DINNER SIZE plate and run over to the dessert bar. Don't play games here. This is serious eating. What they don't have!!! Gelato (the biscotti flavor was the best gelato I've ever had! Tasted like Creme Brulee).  They had chocolate covered strawberries dipped in oreos, nuts, etc. -Then they had unreal-fresh baked chocolate chunk cookies, oatmeal raisin cookies, etc. Then the strawberry shortcake bar where you assemble your own with fresh cream!!! Then there are pastries, tiramasu, creme brulee, chocolates, fudge, etc. This list goes on and on. The second time we came here we went to the Sunday brunch. Just as amazing, only instead of the mac and cheese bar, there was an omelet station that was great. They had an amazing stuffed french toast to die for, breakfast items- cereals, oatmeal, eggs benedict, bacon, sausages, pancakes, and some other food- shrimp cocktail, different pasta dishes, sushi. They only had 3 different sushi rolls but the fish was very good. Unusual for a buffet. . All in all, everything was amazing. Delicious. Everyone I went with rolled out of there stuffed to oblivion. Something for everyone. Very different kind of buffet. Original dishes. Kind of "Iron Chef" meet buffet. Lol. Dinner was $30 a head I think, brunch with unlimited mimosas/champagne $37 and lunch is $19. Go for lunch cheaply, and then when you love it, commit to dinner and go back!!! Can't wait to go next time I am back in Vegas! Def the best part of the new, swanky, Cosmo hotel & casino.
Going to leave this short and sweet because everyone else on here has nailed it, This is the best buffet in Vegas to the point that it makes every other one a total joke to ever go to. It makes the Bellagio buffet look like golden corral
Amazing meal. At first I was skeptical because I've been to many buffets before, but $40 per person I expected greatness. I wasn't disappointed. By far best buffet I've been to. I was beyond satisfied. Their delicious prime rib and leg of lamb kept me coming back. They also had country fried steak... at a buffet?! Who does that?! The genius' at wicked spoon. That's who. Great food, great people. Nice casino. All wonderful. It was ridiculous. I will definitely come here again.. . Food: 9/10. Service: 8/10 (since its mostly self serve.)
I will mourn the wicked.  Those of us who unashamedly eat more then we can carry.   Those of us who come into a buffet with a game plan and a pre-ordained eating schedule to maximize our stomach capacity.  And capacity is what you're gonna need for Wicked Spoon!. . First off, I really dig the Chibi-sized dishes at each of their stations.  It's hard to not put every piece of pot, tin, skillet, and basket on your table.. . Where do i start?  How about the Special Order Mac and Cheese Bar!  You can stick with the 11 different ingredients in front the bar, but really, the entire buffet is your pantry. How about some prime rib in your mac?  Or maybe a little helping of crab legs. Or do what I did and throw some Truffled potatoes in there, and make your own Provencal Frankenstein Mac.  (btw:  I think the station is only open during dinner hours).. . So, after about 30 minutes there, and another 15 or so to walk around and take pictures (I'm a Yelper, we take pictures of our food, and we don't apologize).  I moved onto the Enomatic machine where I spent another good 15 enthralled minutes.. . If you've never used an enomatic machine before, basically you put your card in the slot, and choose between a half dozen wines.  You then stick your head underneath the appropriate spigot, and siphon away.  I'm told that they prefer you to use the wine glasses they provide however.  Hmmm.. . So after what seemed like an hour of not really eating anything, here's what i settled down on that was most memorable to me:. . - Eggs Benedict in a Pot.. - Red Velvet Pancakes (the search continues!). - Wicked Spoon's version of a Vietnamese Banh Mi (looked like a David Chang Creation).. - Curried cod, and haddock on mini cast iron skillets.. - Giant slab of cut bacon.. - Prime Plus Rib!  (it was really good!) . - Crab Legs (cold, but not frozen like other places).. - Mini gelato cones. - Mini lemon pudding cups with mini macarons in it.. - Chocolate covered strawberries and marshmallows.. . I loved every wretched part about it!
This is now the best buffet in town!  Better than Bellagio or Wynn's.. . The food quality is similar to when Bellagio first opened.  The type of meats are not as exotic as the big names, but the price is lower too.  Anyways, those exotic meat when not properly cooks are not as tasty.  . I was pleasantly surprised when they gave a complimentary bubbly wine for breakfast on a weekday.  . . And the deserts are really good (so many Yelp photos).  I really like the pure chocolate pieces.  . . Great to see that the prime rib was trimmed right at the carving station, then the ribs goes on the grill!.  I think I like those ribs more than the prime rib!
Oh dear.... . That was painful.... . . In the best kind of way.
Gourmet Buffet! Best Mac 'n cheese & amazing dessert bar!! YOU HAVE TO COME HERE!!!!!  I can not stop raving about this place!!!! ahhhh. I always come here when i visit Vegas..... i love the hotel too!!!
I'm astounded that there are negative reviews here. This place rocks on almost all levels. . Yes, there was a longer than anticipated wait in line. (which sucks when you can clearly see empty tables inside through the window) Our service was adequate, not stellar, but it's a buffet for Christ's sake, not a $100 per person tasting menu sit down restaurant. Once you get to the food, you should forgive any shortcomings. . Most folks here have already mentioned the little plates, SS pots, and even cast iron pots/skillets that many of the dishes are served on. What a cool concept. Like a tapas bar that never ends. But cute doesn't cut it unless the food delivers and on the night I went, it was well beyond good. I'm a veteran foodie and was simply blown away by the consistently good (even great) food, the presentation, and the variety. . Carolina BBQ shrimp on cheese grits, truffled potatoes au gratin (where you could really taste the truffle essence), seared salmon with roasted artichokes/blistered tomatoes/ bruirre blanc sauce, braised short rib with cavatelli pasta and wild mushrooms, bone marrow (really? at a buffet?), . lemongrass marinated cod with coconut broth and veggie stir fry, mini French onion soup, mounds (and I do mean mounds!) of chocolate-covered strawberries, 16 selections of gelato/sorbet....do I need to go on? Ok, mac 'n cheese bar (design your own), 21-30 count size boiled shrimp, meats and cheeses, two kinds of gazpacho....Ok, I think you get the picture. . Head and shoulders above any buffet in Vegas. (and, because of the company I was working for, I've eaten at most of them) Mandalay Bay used to be my favorite, until I found Wicked Spoon. Run away from the Imperial, unless you need to feed your pets. . And then there's the price...at about $10 more than the average buffet in Vegas, this is well worth the price. And for $7, they add bottomless white or red wine. Yes, I know it's the house wine, but it is very drinkable. (remember, you're at a buffet, but with such amazing food, you may forget) . I hope they keep the quality up in the future. Definitely one of the best bargains in Vegas. I'll make sure I stop by when I'm back in town.
There is a difference between good food and good buffet food.  Wicked Spoon Buffet blurs that line. . . There wasn't really anything that wasn't good.  And the pre-set portions make it easy to try everything without getting full right away.  . . That doesn't mean you won't walk away feeling like a blimp.
Gosh! I really wish I could carry an extra stomach or had a stomach the size of a hippo because there are so many options its ridiculous! I love that they portion everything out there for you that way you don't waste so much food. Because people suck at taking proper portions. It's either our eyes are hungrier than our stomach or we just grab big portions because we're scared someone will take the rest and when you get back theres none left for seconds (as if we didn't realize it was a buffet right?!?!) well...I did the brunch for father's day but the $30 brunch excluding the unlimited champagne (which is an additional $7) was still worth it. I mean if you're On a really boring date with someone at least you have the amazing interior design and contemporary art to entertain yourself with.The presentation was amazing. They were even put in cute little mini skillets and fryers. They were all so cute that I even ended up grabbing food I couldn't eat just because it looked too cute not to sit onmy plate. Their prime rib was tender, juicy, and full of flavor! They had steamed pork buns and yogurt. They had French fries and fried pickles. my favorite was the red velvet pancakes...mmmm amazing!!!! You have to eat it or I swear you should be banned from that buffet. Also the best part was the dessert section. They even had chocolate fudge and just Chocolate candy in anyway you think of itwas like willy wonka sponsored that dessert section. Anyway...go forth and experience it and if you don't then you can't really say you've experienced the buffets ever....
This place is simply awesome! They have a great selection of food and desserts. There is never huge lines. The decor of the place is great, it makes the food taste better..lol  The food is always fresh. My only complaint is that it can be pricey, expect to pay $30-40 for Brunch. Definitely worth it
This is probably my favorite buffet on the strip! (not counting the RIO Seafood buffet). The hotel itself looks AMAZING! The food is top notch quality. I love the fact that everything is portioned out in single servings instead of scooping it from a large tray. I definitely recommend this buffet.
It was our second day in Las Vegas for our three day trip. After a morning of hitting the gym and relaxing in the pool, it was time for lunch. Staying at the Aria, the Heart of the City Center, walking over to the Cosmo was not too difficult.   . . After being not too satisfied with brunch at Aria's The Buffet (this will be a separate review), we wanted to make sure this experience would be well worth it. Bunny did some research and found Wicked Spoon. The sound of the name was intiguing and it drew our attention. We decided on heading over there for lunch. Locating this restaurant was not exactly an easy task. It was on the upper level, hidden in the back. Some art work was along the way, which included a huddle of dogs. However since then I've heard from others that there was two big heels where the dogs were, which makes me a little sad. . . It was $21 per person for lunch. There was plenty of seating and the servers were very friendly and nice. As Bunny and I headed over to get our food, we were surprised by how the it was presented. It was the first time we've ever seen someting like this! Everything was so cute! For example, beef stew was served in a tiny pot, while tacos were in a little plate and pad thai was placed inside a small to go box. I do feel sorry for the ones who will be doing the dishes because that's sure a lot of containers to clean.. . There was a lot of variety and many choices. Not only was the presentation of the food lovely, but it also tasted good! Another plus was that you would not need to worry about scooping too much food. The portions that were given were just the right amount. Everything seemed perfect and that made our afternoon!. . The next time I'm in Vegas, I plan to come back! I've also recommened Wicked Spoon to friends and mentioned my experience there.
Buffet at the next level. Who would imagine Bone Marrow? Seriously? The individual mini metal pots with lids are worth the adventures they hold. ot one was a disapontmet. The portion size is smaller so your able to enjoy the variety with out getting too ful. But we still shared them. Do not miss!
This is my favorite buffet in vegas. I used to frequent the rio and m buffets for years, but ever since i tried this place, i'm never going back. Some of the food is served individually in small pots or dishes which is nice since i have no portion control. ALL of the dishes i tried that had starchy carbs were good. (i.e. the leek bread pudding!!!! this was ridiculous and the risotto) ONLY gripe was that the prime rib was over-cooked by my standards. The dessert bar was murder.... I think i ate like 40 chocolate covered strawberries. I swear they sprinkled a little bit of crack into each one. They had oreo-covered marshmallows, strawberry shortcake, and a bunch of little things of which i had no idea their names or what they consisted of. But most of it was pretty darn good. I can't wait to go back in a couple weeks and GO TO TOWN on their buffet.
There are no words that seem adequate to describe the culinary delights of the Wicked Spoon. Five stars seem like a paltry reward for the amazing edibles this place served us.. . I LOVE buffetts, not because I eat a lot, but because I like to try a little bit of almost everything. One entree is just wayyyy too limiting.. . We didn't eat all afternoon to save up for this experience, which via Yelp reviews I could tell would be impressive. I was right. Hot damn. I've rarely seen this much food in my life, and I hardly knew where to begin.. . The best part is that everything comes in little cups - perfect for someone like me who likes little bites. There were salads, meats, sushi, a mac & cheese bar, desserts galore, seafood, pasta ... soooooooooo much food. By far the highlights were the mac & cheese bar, which was beyond phenomenal. SO much cheese, so much gooey deliciousness - I went with veggies, and a ton of cheddar & jack; the thai mango salad - spicy & sweet; the sushi selection and the desserts. Ohhhhh, the desserts. Everyone was right about the chocolate covered strawberries with heath bar bites, incredible. There was also gelato, tons of little pastries, cupcakes (divine) and much more than I could ever recount.. . Bottom line - this was place outstanding. Unforgettable, much like our entire trip. Worth every penny, and every calorie.
WOW, one of the best meals here in vegas. They had an incredible selection, great flavors and good service. This is the first buffet that had desserts worth eating (or over eating).. . My favorites were the shrimp and grits, blackened fish with hollandaise and pollenta with wild mushrooms. My least favorite was the Mac and Cheese bar, very small selection of cheese and it had a gritty feel that was very unpleasent. . . On the dessert bar I really liked the small pre-made servings, they were perfect for loading up on a wide range of flavors. On the entree line alot of the pre-plated items were way to large ( chicken fried steak and mashed potato ). On most items the wife and I would split a dish then get our own if it was a winner.
I read all the reviews on this on yelp and was really excited to try this buffet...and I wasn't disappointed! We went for the brunch buffet on a Wednesday. There was just a short 5 minute wait. It was $22 per person but included a free mimosa, bloody mary, or glass of champagne. An unexpected bonus! I really liked the selection and the way all the food was presented. The little mini pots that they serve some of their pasta dishes in were so cute! And the best part was the deserts. They were the best I've had at any buffet. Huge selection of various chocolate items, fudge, strawberries, pastries, and gelato. So good. I would definitely come back here again.
It's the first dinner buffet when I visited LV. After compared with Wynn's dinner buffet, I would say this is the BEST!! So much more varity and quality is much better than Wynn. Their prime rib is so good and their crab legs are fresh. Seperate most of the entree in little portion are definitley better than traditional way. Tons of desserts for you to choose and a big gelatos choices.
Buffets kind of horrify me in general. I mean the sanitation issues alone make me cringe, but buffets are also the mecca of gluttony, waste, and indulgence. If you agree with me, put your moral dilemmas aside for an afternoon and bring your Santa pants.. . The wait was almost an hour but it was well worth it. The food is delicious and obviously prepared with care. The presentation is adorable, little pots and pans as serving dishes and shot glasses of soups. . . Service was AMAZING. Our server took our bottomless mimosas to heart and brought out double servings for every refill. The amount of champagne flutes on the table was epic.. . And dessert. OMG the dessert. Quality gelato, berry filled macaroon, dipped marshmallows, chocolate covered strawberries, and a red velvet Ho-Ho!. . I can't wait to go back!
Don't really like Vegas buffets but loved this one. Come early - the lines may not look that long, you'll still wait quite a bit. We showed up close to 5pm, and only waited about 20 mins.. . Most of the food is served in individual portions, and there's definitely a decent spread for food lovers. The selection was amazing, spanning from orzo, multiple types of salad, bone marrow, and gazpacho, to your more traditional crab legs and prime rib fare.. . That being said, not everything dish was perfect. The gnocchi was way too soft, the shrimp was on the salty side - although they were large and still really good, and the cocktail sauce had a nice spicy kick. Everyone's been raving about the chocolate covered strawberries but I didn't really like them. The long-stemmed strawberries were huge, but the chocolate was a bit soft and didn't have a nice flavor, and I wasn't a fan of nut/toffee/oreo additions either. They did have a little cheese selection with small pieces of brie, which I totally attacked.. . If you like all ofyour dishes executed with a flair of perfection, you may want to avoid this place. The small plates are gorgeous, but keep in mind that this is still a buffet, and set your expectations accordingly. I really enjoyed this twisted, gastronomy-oriented take on the traditional buffet, and I'll take this sweet little piece of gluttony over all the other massive feeding troughs any day.
Hands down the best buffet in Vegas!!  Worth the $35 for dinner. Excellent quality and the single servings give it a gourmet feel. Go today. Go now!!!
I am glad I don't go to Las Vegas much....it would be even fatter!. . We wend for brunch (11am) and got right in.  Food was incredible.  It seemed that every dish was uniquely made to order, not old bulky buffet food, but small tasty dishes.  Desserts were dainty so you could have several and not fill up!  . . So far, my favorite in LV.
Okay I've been to a few buffets in Vegas, and definitely Wynn's was the front runner. Now however, I must say that Wicked Spoon has topped them. Everything about this place is so nice... food is delicious, service is topnotch, desert area is awesome (save no labels thus you have no idea what heavenly desert you're about the enjoy). . . A must visit when you're in Vegas... and man who doesn't want to steal their tiny little cute cookware? I mean srsly ... mini All Clad pots?!? Yes plz...
Had dinner here for the first time last weekend. Although I made a stupid mistake by drinking coffee prior to eatting here which caused me to lose my appetite, it was one of the best buffet dinners I've had in las vegas. Tried for the first time lamb bone marrow and it was delicious. Also had their white chocolate covered strawberries with oreo crumbs which was also bomb diggity. The buffet itself is different because they serve the food in small metal dishes so its easier for you to bring it to your table and add more sides to your plate. Definitely would come back here and ill make sure I am ready to eat!
Was here over Memorial Weekend (I know, I'm a little late!) and I was throughly impressed with this buffet. They had a fantastic selection of foods. The breakfast station was AWESOME! I can't remember the specifics but I remember I was impressed and enjoyed almost everything I ate!. . They serve you in small tapas style plates so you don't look/feel like a whale walking back to your table which is most definitely a plus. It also just looks classier! . . I will definitely be back over Labor weekend. Mmm, more wicked spoon, please!
Make this one of your Vegas destinations for brunch.  Trifecta of beef cannot be missed-Korean short ribs, prime rib, and lamb or tri-tip or huge beef ribs.  Salads and veggies are not to be missed.  Loved the heirloom tomatoes salad, Ratatouille, cheeses from California (haha!), and AMAZING desserts-better than Jean Philippe Patisserie in Bellagio and even better than Bellagio's buffet (and they have better gelato and even better croissants!  Our server almost swooned telling us about Wicked spoons' tiramisu gelato).  Went back the next day and although almost exactly the same they changed a few things-adding clams and fried chicken and other goodies.  Do not go for sushi or seafood or mac and cheese-limited and not very good. My favorite dessert was the purple Macaron sandwich-DIVINE.  Was telling airport personnel at check in about it and he recommended the buffet at M hotel but it is out of the way and far from the strip just FYI. Gained 5 pounds but worth it-gonna starve myself now,....
Spent the weekend in Vegas.  I was looking forward to coming to Wicked Spoon for a while.  The reviews seemed favorable and the concept interested me.  Needless to say, it lived up to the expectations.  Went for a dinner on Sunday, it was $35 a person.  Didn't have to wait longer than 10 minutes as we got there at around 6 PM.. . As other reviewers have mentioned, much of the food is served in tiny little portions.  This makes portion control very easy and allows you to eat a multitude of different dishes.  Highlights included the BLT salad, shrimp and grits, and the kalbi aka Korean beef ribs.  The kalbi was a bit on the salty side, but still good enough for me to go back for seconds.. . Dessert was a real treat.  The gelato was the best.  I tried the tiramisu, white chocolate coffee, oreo, and strawberry balsamic.  All of them were delicious but I found the strawberry balsamic to be particularly interesting.  There were mounds of chocolate covered strawberries as well, which were also to die for.. . All in all this buffet is a nice change of pace from your standard buffet fare.  It has a bit of a more gourmet twist to it which definitely warrants the price tag.
In terms of buffets, this place is great. They have a wide variety of food, and the presentation of it is all great. I love the small pots and 3-bite dishes. I was very impressed they had bone marrow at the carving station as well. . If you are looking for something different in your buffet experience, then Wicked Spoon is a must-try. Do not skip on the Mac and Cheese station and save room for dessert!. The best part was 7:00 and no line.
We had to end our Vegas trip with a BANG...and oh we did!! This place is totally a 5 star winner! . Located in the most beautiful hotel in Vegas, the Cosmopolitan, we were in for a feast!! . I forgot my diet...and said..what the heck...this is Vegas...and devoured almost everything is sight. The small bites concept is a great one, because it's just enough to be be able to try so many different ones...and please save room for dessert...those chocolate topped strawberries are delicious!
We came here for brunch the day after going to a so-so buffet in our own hotel. It was worth the 18minute wait to get in!. . Red velvet pancakes and french toast were delicious. I love that many items come in individual containers such as the fried chicken in mini fryer baskets. The desserts part of the buffet was absolutely amazing.. . Definitely make your way to the Cosmopolitan for this delicious food fest!
OMG Amazing. Best buffet in vegas. Everything comes in little portions. I think they've realized people just want to sample and gorge on everything. The little portions are perfectly sized and desert is amazing...especially the chocolate cake with caramel sauce and gelato. Definitely a must try.
Finally, another buffet to rival Wynn and Bellagio!  Plus - it's just a little cheaper.. . Love the individual portions.  Great vegetarian choices.  The decor is hip.  And the deserts are wonderful!. . We used to eat quit a bit at the M buffet because it's closer to our home.  However, we've found ourselves traveling to the strip a lot just to eat here.
Simply put, this is the best buffet you will find in Las Vegas or anywhere.  Each trip I made to pick items from the buffet I was continually amazed.  I thoroughly enjoyed the mac n' cheese bar, gnocchi, potatoes, crab legs, prime rib, chicken tikka masala, and the desserts.  The waitress was very attentive and helpful throughout our table's extended stay.  I'll definitely be back to Wicked Spoon during my next visit to Vegas, whether I'm staying at Cosmopolitan or not.
One of the best buffets in Vegas. Definitely top 3.  They have a huge selection and also great quality. Their desert section will put a lot of desert stores to shame. Definitely a place to check out!
This was my first visit..food was delicious!! Or waitress april was theeee best!!!
Love the Cosmopolitan Hotel/Casino.  If you didn't know its a part of the Marriott resort family, therefore, being a Platium member they gave me and my boyfriend Brunch Buffett for two each night we stayed at the hotel for free!  Can't beat that deal.  They had a separate line where we didn't have to wait to pay/be seated.  The staff / hostesses were super friendly and remembered us each day that we were there.  The dood was very good and fresh.  Alll their dishes are served on small plates, which is great because you can try a variety of food.  Plus, I feel the food is presented better this way than out of a typical buffet platter.  . . Definitely try the mac and cheese - Delish.. Eggs Benedict - Amazing. French Toast - one of my favs!. To my suprise the Sushi was great!. They also had this Swiss Cake Roll lookalike thing but it was made with Red Velvet Cake.  It was to die for.  . . My boyfriend loved the General Tso's chicken.. Also, the brunch buffet came with Mimosas, Bloody Mary, or Champagne.. . Definitely will be back next time we are in the Vegas area!
The best buffet I've ever been to hands down! The presentation is gorgeous and the service is really nice. They're unique in their individual portions, which is convenient but my mom pointed out, what if you want less than the pre set amount? I'm not sure, just a side note. Nothing major :) They offer water either as still or sparkling in pretty, self serve bottles. Their dessert bar is off the chain. Looks like something from the Willy Wonka movie in presentation. I ended up getting this strawberry cheesecake cup with really good pink meringue on top but only liked the meringue. I restrained from picking the yummy pink rolls off of everyone. Also, didn't try to the mac and cheese bar, but it seems to be the highlight of the buffet for many.  Someone else mentioned the chocolate chip cookies and how they'd pay $5 just to eat one again. I read reviews before we went and had to try the chocolate chip cookies first. He's right! I'd pay $5. Cookie Corner ain't got nothing on it. Try Wicked Spoon, to me it's awesome, I mean theres lots of buffets in Las Vegas to get your gluttony on which are fabulous (Bellagio, MGM, Wynn) but for quality it can't be beat.
Amazing! My sisters and I came here after the spa, and loved every second of our experience. The food is better quality than any buffet food I have experienced, and the choices are nearly endless. This buffet goes well beyond sausage and eggs, pancakes, and prime rib, to include such things as watermelon gazpacho, BLT salad, salmon pizza, sushi, truffle potatoes au gratin, asiago-stuffed gnocci, tacos al pastor, and chicken salad sliders. Really delicious, unique, and gourmet food.. . And the desserts are out of world, and gorgeous, with the same vast selection and attention to detail as the rest of the dishes.
This is my all time favorite buffet in Vegas. I've been here twice. I took my boyfriend and his family, and they all loved it! Service is super speedy! They take away plates and refill drinks really quickly.. They usually have small servings on fancy plates. I honestly prefer this, because sometimes my eyes are bigger than my stomach.. Mac and Cheese bar= AMAZING! My boyfriend won't shut up about how great this idea was. . I typically stay away from asian type food at buffets (I can get that at home, just better), so I stuck to prime rib (YESS!!!), crab legs (skimpy, but all you can eat, so it's worth it), and a couple more things. Sometimes you'll find things that aren't so great, but it's cool cause they give you small servings. Try whatever you want! My favorite part is the dessert. They have a lot of gelato. My top favorites are lemon pomegranate, pb&j (THE BEST!), strawberry balsamic, and mango.  They also occasionally have macarons, which are delicious. Also, a tooon of chocolate covered strawberries. The only problem I had with them are that they are mixed in with nut covered ones. My boyfriend is allergic to nuts, so I was kinda upset that they wouldn't take into consideration cross contamination. . Overall, one of the best buffets. It does cost $35 (near $40 with tax), but totally worth it.
orgasm in my mouth
I've never been to a LV buffet before so I have nothing to compare it to, but  judging it alone, I would give it 5 stars.. . First of all, this place is beautiful. Nice decors, and really pretty chandelier and a good size restaurant. You pay first ($35 for Saturday dinner) and then stand in anther line so that they can seat you. . . There was a good selection of food. Everything sounded like it was made on the food network channel or something. Everything is portioned onto individual plates which is nice so other people don't touch your food and your food don't touch, but it takes up a lot of room on your plate. I liked it though so then I can just eat a little bit of everything.. . Some of my favorites was the cheviche, salmon and truffled potatoes and the hand carved meats. And I love the desserts! Everything was pretty much bite size so you can just have a sample of everything and all the desserts were DELICIOUS. My favorite was the chocolate covered strawberries. The strawberries were HUGE and were PERFECTLY riped. I'm pretty sure they were on some special steroids or something haha. And they have a gelato area. Pomengrante lemonade was sooo good and refreshing.. . Overall, this I thought this was a really good buffet. There was really few things that I didn't really like. I would come back. . . See pictures (whenever I put it up haha)
I've been to Vegas 3 times & have eaten at numerous buffets, and NONE can compare to the Wicked Spoon.  It was the best food I have ever consumed!  Every dish was so creative.  The baby back ribs & Korean BBQ beef were to die for.  My husband loved the fresh steamed crab legs.  The desserts were to die for!  Although it is one of the pricier buffets on the strip, it is worth every penny.
My favorite buffet in Vegas! Their dishes are a funky spin on your favorite foods. I mean you can't go wrong with a make your own mac n cheese bar. Eat as many crab legs as you can!!  Even the sushi was good.. I can't wait to go back!
The lunch buffet at the Wicked Spoon had an amazing combination of good food, beautiful decor, and great service. I thoroughly enjoyed this buffet and felt it was definitely worth the cost. . . My first time walking around the buffet almost brought a tear of hungry joy to my eye: there was so much delicious looking, well presented food. From little cups of prepared salads, to a meat carving station with some excellent lamb, a tray of delicious turkey, halibut, and little cute pots of pastas and purees, everything here both looked good and tasted good. The desserts werent as impressive as the real food, but there were some that were pretty good, such as the warm chocolate cake with caramel and a paper wrapped cake thing.. . The real topping to the buffet though is the decor and service. Modern, luxurious, but still relaxed. It actually felt like being at a nice restaurant. The server was also friendly and helpful, always assisting us in clearing our plates. . . For $23/pp with a drink, the lunch buffet here is well worth the price. Would definitely come back for lunch or dinner.
Great buffet.  All the food tasted good.  The service was excellent.  They did offer all you can drink wine for $7, which I didn't take at the time.  The portions are small but you don't have to waste anything, which you shouldn't.  The gelatos were bomb.  I didn't like the other pastries and I didn't taste the chocolate dip strawberries.  This is the spot.
Finally a Vegas buffet that gives Bellagio's a run for its money. Unique presentation that encourages trying new things. Truly creative dishes. Focus on quality, not quantity. Very attentive staff. Totally worth the $40.
Me and my group of friends went here this just past Saturday.  The day before we went to Belagio for buffet and we were so impressed and yet we're even more impressed here at the Wicked spoon.  The ambience is great.   The food is great.  It's Crazy good here!  My taste buds are jumping on every bite.  I don't just taste one thing, its always something that compliment the other taste.  and Yet you have to make sure you still have room for desserts.  Desserts here are pleasing to the eyes and taste buds.  The only thing is its only open until 3 pm so you have to be there early to enjoy or you'll end up in the line with no time.
By far, one of the most AMAZING brunch experiences I have ever had...and I loves me a good brunch.. . I've heard nothing but amazing things about this place and so I had to check it out come Sunday morning of our stay. . . My boyfriend and I arrived there around noon to find that the wait was about an hour...but looked longer. We were willing to wait. The boyfriend went to play as I waited and about 30 minutes into the wait, I was pulled out of line and to a table.. . The buffet spread is huge here! The chefs were cooking up food behind the stations and the food all looked fresh and was pre-portioned so you didn't see spilled food over the counters and what not. All the food was amazing! I loved the varieties of foods like the lamb leg (cut to order in front of you) and the french toast and fresh salad options. Stay away from the Miso Soup...way too salty.. . And of course, upgrade your brunch to the bottomless mimosa/Bellini option. It's just not brunch without a few mimosas.
Simply the best brunch buffet I've ever been to... Vegas or otherwise. . It has the size and variety of a Costco warehouse, with the quality you would expect from a top-end buffet in Vegas.. . More to the point, many items are prepared in individual containers that you pick up, rather than a double-dipped trough of food. This works to make the food much more appealing. . . The quality and variety is all you can ask for and the decor boarders on the ridiculously awesome.. . You owe it to yourself to come here.
Thank you vegas for having a buffet FINALLY worthwhile!! Okay people!!! For those of you who said the M buffet was the "best" you guys NEED to get here asap! Everything in this place made my mouth water. I went here for the brunch buffet and oh man, my breath was seriously taken away right when I stepped in. . . The presentation first of all is great. Everything looked as good as it tasted and they came in organized little containers as well so it was so much easier to get what you wanted. . . There were a lot of good selections of foods here. There might not have been a TON LOAD of food choices like some other places but they had a decent amount and they ALL were worth tasting. And this place actually gives you the OPTION of paying more if you want free alcoholic drinks (more than just beer and wine too) unlike the M which just automatically charges you for the alcohol even if you don't drink. . . But enough of  the comparisons, this place is just overall the best buffet I've been to in vegas and I feel like I need to inform everyone that if they're really hungry and want a buffet that won't let you down then COME HERE!
i LOVED it here!! i'm not really a buffet person anymore since i can't have more than one plate. and i never finish my first plate because i always want to save room for desserts! the price for a weekend brunch is a bit steep... $35 and for another $10, you can add on bottomless champagne, mimosa, and bloody mary's. . . now, onto the food... they have a HUGE selection... from asian to mexican to italian etc. some of the items are in little pots or baskets and it's so adorable! ohhh and the dessert area... i fell for the gorgeous presentation! see the pictures i've uploaded if you don't believe me. i can't wait to come back for dinner!
This is the best buffet in Las Vegas!!! Ambience, food and dessert...you will not be disappointed! This is THE best kept secret in vegas. It feels like a restaurant but has so many restaurant quality dishes to please anybody.
This place is good. Some of the food is set up in really cute pots and baskets and they have a lot little desserts. Everything reminded me of a tea party. The downside of this place is the time they are open.
Amazing!! Tried wicked soon after sering some good reviews. Went over to cosmo for brunch, and it was 22, and the food was great. They had kalbi which was very flavorful, eggs benedict in individual pans, and lots of other goodies. It also included alcohol beverages which I thought was a nice treat and had the bloody mary. Also great selections on ice cream and other desserts. Great buffet line went very quick and easier was very attentive which they typically are not at buffets. Would def recommend.
I am in love with Wicked Spoon. I love it so much that I would go back to Vegas just to go to Wicked Spoon. The food there is well prepared with quality ingredients. It is beyond compare especially for buffets in Las Vegas. The salmon eggs benedict, thick bacon, General Tsao's chicken, salted peanut gelato, sticky buns, and mushroom polenta are just some of the amazingly delicious delights at Wicked Spoon. If you eat anything at Wicked Spoon eat the sticky bun with the thick bacon. It is amazing how they are able to maintain the crispy crust on the top of the sticky bun while it is the delicious, sweet (but not too sweet) sauce. Paired with the saltiness of the thick bacon you will be in heaven. . . Wicked Spoon is located in the Cosmopolitan which deserves its own review. However, it is a pleasure to walk through in order to get to Wicked Spoon and has plenty of views to admire.. . Admittedly I wish I had written this review closer to when we went to Wicked Spoon because the delicious bundles of euphoria would be fresher in my memory. If you go to Vegas go to Wicked Spoon, you will not be disappointed.
Best buffet in Vegas.  For an extra $10 you get bottomless mimosas for brunch.  How can you say no to that?. . When I walked into the buffet I thought they threw the lights up at a club.  The chairs on the walls look like tables and booths in a VIP area.. . The buffet selection has all the usual Vegas suspects (prime rib, sushi, pasta, etc.).  The kicker was many of the hot main course dishes were served in little pots.  The chef basically forces you to eat small so you can sample more of the buffet.  Genius!. . Things That Were Awesome:. ++ Unlimited mimosas. ++ Portion sizes. ++ Banh mi.  Vietnamese sandwich/buns with pork and fresh jalepeno.  Could have used more stuffing but again, chef forces me to try more flavors.. ++ Yogurt parfait.  Add the raspberry puree/shots from the desert section and BAM! Super delicious.. ++ Chocolate and oreo covered strawberries.  How do we make perfection even more so?  Add my favorite store brand cookie, of course.  The strawberries on their own were delicious too.. . Things That Were Not So Awesome:. -- The poor waitress got so many mimosa orders from me she was falling behind keeping up.. -- Pancakes.  It was like I was eating (syrup covered) air.. . So when am I returning to Vegas?
I used to rave about the buffet at the Wynn.  Now I think I found my new favorite.. . The best thing about the buffet is that for some of the items you get, you basically have to get a little pot.  It basically accounts for all the portions of food you get, which can allow you to keep a reminder on not overloading your plate.  It's also handy if you're on a diet and need to keep your food in check.. . ...though if you're in Vegas, why would restrict yourself do a diet?  You're in Vegas, just give it up.. . With that said, the food is excellent, the decor is wonderful.  And though it can be pricey, it is WORTH it.
This is my new favorite buffet in Vegas!. . So came here last weekend for my annual basketball tourney with the fellas and wanted to check out a new buffet.  I heard about the new Marquee club at Cosmopolitan and I wondered this must be a new hotel meaning...there is a new buffet in town!. . Of course like always, I yelp almost all restaurants, bars, clubs before checking them out to see if its worth my time.  After reading reviews from fellow yelpers and saw the 4 star rating...I just had to come eat here.. . The food:. . Excellent!  There was a nice variety of food for the price you pay.  $22 for lunch and $35 for dinner.  What I also like was their presentation.  Like half of the food offered came in little pots were I believe the portion was just right cause we all know you have to strategize when eating a buffet  and not overload on one particular food.  . . Decor:. . Modern I would say compared to other buffets.  Nice furniture and they presented their water in a corked bottle instead of just pouring it for us.. Maybe cause the place was just new.  But definitely stands out compared to other nice buffets like the Wynn and Bellagio.. . In Summary:. . For the price and location of this buffet; I freaking love this place.  The best part about this is, for now at least, there was only 10 people in line when we left at 830pm on Saturday night.  Maybe the word has gotten out yet about this place...only time will tell. . Happy Eating!
BEST Buffet in Vegas. . Everything tastes like they cared. Or at least cared enough for presentation's sake. my uncle always told us - if it doesn't look good, don't eat it. And this place make other buffets look like cafeterias. There aren't mounds of food, the food is plated in individual pots/bowls or if on a big dish, pleasantly placed.. I loved the cheese stuffed pesto gnocchi. French toast. Meat. The full gelato bar, and piles of strawberries.. The lunch was so good. Best price for buffet satisfaction.
Best buffet on the strip, and this is coming from a buffet-connoisseur like myself. No big deal..... . $29 gets you in for brunch (note: they close at 3pm to switch to dinner foods), and it's less than $10 for unlimited champagne/mimosas/bloody mary's. When they "switch" to dinner foods, they mean kick out all the fatty's who happen to be eating for hours and want to capitalize on dinner foods by staying until close. Heh.... . . Highlights of my meal: Kalbi, kalbi, kalbi, gigantic shrimp cocktail, great mimosas, chocolate passion fruit dessert with crunchy chocolate balls, and strawberries and whipped cream. Clearly didn't make my moneys worth in food but perhaps I did in drink. Can't wait to come back to try the rest of their food!
I've tried a few buffets when we visit Sin City, but I have to say that this is probably the best buffet out of all of them!  Located in the confines of the Cosmopolitan hotel, Wicked Spoon had great atmosphere, great looking food, and most of all, the food tasted great.  . . This place even had gelato at their dessert station!
I was in Vegas for seven days and came here three times. Seriously. And I'd do it all again, shorty.. . There is nothing you can't get at Wicked Spoon. There's breakfast (sometimes standard pancakes, sometimes fancier fare), fruit, salad, pasta, pizza, a meat carvery, a "pan-Asian" section. Come hungry.. . Also, I have to note that part of the joy of the mac and cheese and fried chicken (aside from the fact that, hello, it's mac and cheese and fried chicken) were the dishes that they came in. All the pasta dishes come in wee covered pots and the chicken comes in a tiny fry basket. Adorbs!. . The dessert section deserves a paragraph of its own. Holy chocolate Moly. There are several flavors of gelato, macaroons, and the best chocolate covered strawberries you ever will eat.Why are they the best? Well, while the chocolate is still wet, they are dipped in crushed Oreo or Butterfinger bar. I know.. . One tricky part - alcohol. Is it included or not? The first time I was here, I was in a Diet Coke mood, if you catch my drift. The second time, I got a free mimosa to start and then the server brought me a second when I looked sad at his refusal to do a refill. The third time, no alcohol. I have no idea, friends.
I was pleasantly surprised with this place.  We went for the breakfast brunch and being that i was on a restricted diet, i didn't expect to eat much.  First, all the stuff i couldn't eat:  Sausage, Ribs, Steak, all freshly cooked and just calling for me to eat them...it took a lot of discipline, but the buffet had such variety that i was able to fill up on a lot of the veggies including the heirloom tomato salad, beet salad, the watermelon gaspacho, asparagus salad, salmon and cod (obviously not vegetables)...wow!  Even for a vegetarian there was enough variety of food there to make you morbidly obese and keep you salivating.. . In the end they have a big dessert section that has everything from gelato to strawberry shortcake, to little dessert shooters, to fruit tarts, to pretty much everything you would want.  They even have a sugar free dessert section for those that want the sweet but can't cheat.  I would say that the dessert selection was just a step down (maybe only about half a step) from what you would find at the Buffet at the Wynn...which is saying something about the quality and variety that they offer.. . In the end, I look forward to going back when i can enjoy the full complement of food...can't wait!!!. . Happy Eating!
Right off the top, I'd like to say that this wasthe best buffet that I've ever had.. . Now that we've got that out of the way, let's get to the details.. . I love the idea of small individual plates for the dishes, as it enables better portion control, especially if you just want to try the dish and wind up not finishing it because you weren't particularly feelin' it all that much.  The variety of dishes was a dizzying array, as I found myself not even knowing where to start!  I started off with some gnocchi with a lamb ragu and olive oil poached fish, but as I walked further down, my eyes lit up at the sight of a stack of bones all exposing its delicious marrow for all to see and feast on.  Making my way closer to the marrow, I was pleasantly surprised again to see a chef giving individual cuts of roasted leg of lamb!  At this point I was as excited as Homer in a donut factory, with the donuts being plates of fine cuisine in my case!. . Now imagine that excitement doubled as I began tasting my choices:  the fish was flaky and light, the gnocchi was flavorful, the marrow was sinfully delicious and the leg of lamb was juicy and seasoned to perfection.  The dishes I chose for my second round weren't as memorable, not for lack of taste and quality, but for my sudden onset of gluttony taking over and turning my memory into a fuzzy haze of delicious food.  But thankfully, their sublime desserts lives on in my memory.  They literally had too much to name off, but trust that their generous variety doesn't sacrifice quality at all.  . . And so, now you know why I say that this is the best buffet I've ever had.
I haven't been to very many GREAT Vegas buffets lately.  After hearing about MGM, Bellagio, etc etc etc.  My little cousin and her bf went around to scope out buffets the day before, lol and found this one.  She was raving to me about how awesome it was and I was excited to go try it out.. . (As a buffet hater) To my surprise, I loved it!  The portions were just right for a hungry little girl like me.   Everything was portioned off into mini pots,dishes, plates, etc; as so you do not overindulge so you have room to try more than one.  We went around lunch time and there were so many options!  There were asian dishes, Italian pasta and pizzas, breakfast items, a roast meat section, a California section of fresh fruits, cheeses, etc, AND (saved the best for last, but definitely isn't least) AN ENDLESS ARRAY OF DESSERTS-with a gelato case of about 16-20 different flavors! . . All in all, I will come back and try out dinner.  Running at about $20-25 per person for lunch, it isn't a bad deal (and they were running a special that afternoon, a complimentary mimosa per person)!
No doubt the best buffet in Vegas.  I went for breakfast and it was incredible.  The selections, the quality of the food, the service, it was fantastic and the price of about $22 is in line with any other breakfast buffet in town.  . . The one drawback, the wait.  Not sure why, but when I was there, the place was not full, yet I waited 30 minutes.  But, it was worth the wait.
Omg, the hugest Chocolate covered strawberries!! The rest of the food was yummy too, but being pregnant, I went straight for the desserts! Great variety.
This is my new favorite buffet!  Right in the new spectacular Cosmopolitan Resort & Casino.  It is not as expansive as the Wynn or others but the quality is first rate.  I have only been to the brunch buffet but cannot comment on the dinner here.  The portions are all in smaller containers so the emphasis is on quality and not quantity.  The Korean short ribs, and the Japanese breakfast are first rate.  The desserts are truly spectacular.  This place is a must to visit in the Centre Strip!
I am a local here in Vegas and my family was in town from Cali for my daughter's Sweet 16. So we have had our share of buffet's...we decided to go to "Wicked Spoon" because we had a great experience for Easter brunch. I thought that maybe it was pricey for Easter, and there was cute chocolate bunnies and baskets, so we liked it.  But  this time we had a awesome time! Food was great and the service from Chief Brigeth and manager Adam was very accommodating! We could have gone to so many other buffet in town, but I was very happy we decided to head to the strip and I will go back knowing that we will be very happy with the food and service!!!!. . Thanks again to the entire staff for a great dinner!!! . . Always helps when everyone is so happy and helpful!!! =}
I am in love with this buffet. Much of the food is plated in little pots and pans that make it feel more sanitary and appealing.There is a great variety of food and it is good! . .  I have been for brunch and for dinner; I much preferred the dinner food over the brunch. My favorite parts of the buffet were the mac & cheese station (they custom make your mac and cheese!) and the desserts. What can I say? I'm a sucker for designer ice cream (or gelato in this case) flavors.. . This place is a great deal and well worth the hike through the entire casino to get there.
The BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS! The quality is top notch and the flavors are amazing. I have never been disappointed here. Not as large as other buffets, but that doesn't matter, because it's effing delicious.
Best 30 dollar meal I've ever bought!
Disclaimer: 5 stars doesn't mean it's perfect. But WS is better IMO than even the Bellagio and Wynn buffets for their cute presentation and good service, so they get my extra star. . . WS is inside the Cosmopolitan and sets itself apart with contemporary preparations, in many cases, already portioned out in adorable ramekins or mini saucepans. . . The service: excellent. Our server brought us drinks quickly, filled out water glasses with the filtered water bottle at our table, and our plates were removed immediately after we were finished. The non-alcoholic  drinks btw are included in the price. . . Tip: The wine comes from a high tech vending machine! You'll see all e bottles and put a glass underneath. The price is displayed on an LCD. . . Standouts: (sorry not official names..I was too busy drooling to pay attention to the real names). . - stuffed gnocchi with some sort of lamb sauce, served in adorable mini saucepan. . - butternut squash ravioli (also in cute saucepan). . - snow crab legs (already cut so no cracker needed). . - donuts (served in mini basket strainer) the man making them hot and fresh told us to wait for the new hot batch to come out of the fryer. Comes with either chocolate or raspberry dipping sauces. . . - array of salads, pre-measure in white ceramic bowls. BLT salads, arugula and beet salads...even Thai noodle salad, refreshing. . . - dessert section...tiny shooter sized cups and bowls of croissant bread pudding, molten chocolate cake, fudge, marshmallows, gelato station, fresh fruit, berries and cream...mini pecan pies...I could go on and on.. . - Kalbi ribs...yes, a bit salty and fatty, but hit the spot. . - compressed melons...melon pieced infused with other juices and mint. . Not so standout: . . -pretzel rolls, kinda hard and not fresh. . - like some reviewers say...the Asian section of dumplings were kind of hard and pasty, the sushi underwhelmed. . - turkey with some kind of pepper glaze, a bit dry and unappetizing. . Bottom line, some creative dishes, nice setting, most taste very fresh and stations are well-maintained. . . Dinner is 35 bucks, and for the amount of food...it's well worth the price. . . PS: I don't care if they designer or what...the gray plaid a-line dresses the ladies working the floor wear are hideous! They look like dark tablecloths from Little House o the Prairie.
Dessert bar is totally awesome.....
All I can say is WOW......very good food.....paid the 1st day and got comped the 2nd. The polenta was so good!!!!!! There is usually a line here so be prepared,
When my friends told me they wanted to eat at a buffet for dinner, I wasn't impressed, especially when they told me how much it would cost.. . Buffets are places you get bland average food at prices low enough to justify eating bland average food, right?  Not to mention you usually are left with the dregs whenever there's a good dish.. . Wicked Spoon honestly is too good to deserve the word "buffet" in it's name.  . . Yes, it IS a buffet, but a buffet where EVERYTHING they have is served in already prepared perfect portions, identical to each other.  Seriously, you don't need to scoop anything, because it comes it's it's own little pot or container which you just stick on your tray and go.  Amazing.. . But the real shocker was how delicious everything was.  I went from annoyed that I'd have to pony up for a lackluster overpriced dinner to disappointed that I wouldn't be able to eat here on a regular basis.. . Every single solitary thing I had, and tried from everyone else's plate, was fantastic.  And they had SO many types of food.  Everything from cajun to chinese to italian to seafood to vegetarian dishes.  The individual portions seem slightly small until you realize it's that way on purpose so you don't get stuffed after eating 2 or 3 dishes, since you're going to want to eat EVERYTHING.  Oh believe me, I tried my hardest.. . Isit pricey?  Yeah, it is.  Is it worth it?  No question.  Some of the best food I've had anywhere, all ready instantly, all prepared in a visually pleasing way.  Everyone loved sharing their dishes with everyone else.. . If you're in Vegas, you should include Wicked Spoon in your dining plans.
Best buffet experience I've had by far! Can you say FOOD ORGASM!. . They have a very wide selection of foods; appetizers, salads, entrees, desserts, it's all there. From Mexican, to Japanese, breakfast to dinner; all this reasonably priced - $30 for lunch.  Most items are individually served on their own small plates, baskets, trays. The way they present their food is definitely key when it comes time to pick. I didn't find anything didn't want to eat.. . Definitely not the Hometown Buffet experience, ewwww! The presentation, decor and service is what seals the deal.
Hanging out in our hotel room bf asked what would I like to eat, looking through my yelp app, trying to figure out what to have I came across this gem of a buffet and remembered Michelle T's review on this place plus all the delish looking photos. Well since it was way past closing time for this buffet, we decided to hit it up for brunch before we left town to go back home (le sigh).. . Here are some very helpful hints to getting ready for the massacre at the buffet! . . *A good brisk walk before is recommend to fully wake your stomach up and you as well. . . *Yes, wear your most loose fitting shirts and comfortable eating pants because unlike any other buffet in Vegas you stuff yourself silly and then go straight into a dessert coma after eating everything that you see. . . * Wicked Spoon is not location anywhere close to the main entrance; rather you have to zigzag to get here. Located past the two famous high-heeled shoes (yes I wanted to take the black one) you finally stumble upon this awesome place. . . * People it's a popular buffet in Vegas, so don't complain or whine that you have to stand in line, if it means that much to you then get up early and get your booty there.. . * And don't complain about the prices, would you rather have them charge you $10.00 for the buffet? At least paying a little more you know you get better quality food. However, if you want to spend less then I can suggest some rad buffets on Fremont Street (warning they are sketchy and I would not eat there unless you have a stomach made of steel).. . * After you devour everything in sight, dont go back to your hotel room to sleep it off, rather walk around the hotel. We did that and found The Kidrobot store and another store that was selling The Hundreds. . . . We arrived about an hour and a half before they stopped serving brunch (eek) no worried they told us, they do not start cleaning up until 2:15-2:30pm. . Brunch is served from 8:00am-2:00pm (Monday-Friday) Their weekend hours are a wee more different. $ 22.00 gets you AYCE plus one Mimosa or Bloody Mary. . . Our hostess was nice as she took us to our table; this dining room was beautiful. In addition, keeping with the Cosmopolitan theme, they had chandeliers in the dining room as well swoon!. . Bf and I looked at each other and I knew what he was thinking (let's get it on.... Food people, food!!). . He went in one direction and I went in another!!. . I made a totally of 2 trips back for more (I tried to force myself to keep eating but I wanted to save room for dessert since our table was within step to that station and I kept eye balling everything.). . -Breaded Mac & Cheese . -Pork Buns . -Smoked Salmon and Cream Cheese. -Kimchee. -Grilled Korean short ribs. -Bacon!. -Garlic Bread. . . Dessert:. -Chocolate covered strawberries. -White chocolate covered marshmallows. -Macaron with assorted berries . -Fudge (it was on the dry side). . . What I really liked about this buffet is that they had smaller portions, so you are able to sample almost everything they have to offer including desserts.. . Our waiter was okay, he came by to take our drink orders we opted to have ice tea instead. Plates were taken away pretty much as soon as you set them aside. . I was hoping from the photos that I saw there would be more macarons but sadly the only ones I found were the sugar free with berries. I hope that they have them when we come back for dinner soon!. . With that being said, This is my new favorite buffet!!
I'm a picky eater. Everyone knows it. I don't eat seafood and it's rare for me to eat fruit or vegetables at a meal. It's just how I am. Since I'm this way I rarely try fancier places to eat. Wicked Spoon is definitely a fancier type of Vegas buffet than the norm. I've tried the Wynn and Bellagio buffets in the past and hated them. The few things within my range of taste were just average. I never did try any of the higher end options at those buffets. A waste? Probably. . . I was excited to try Wicked Spoon. Everyone says it's one of the best buffets in Vegas and I'm nothing if not a buffet guy. I don't remember everything I ate (I should've done this review earlier) but I liked just about everything there. The gnocchi and risotto were excellent as were the desserts. They had a chicken tostada that was also quite good. I know I ate far more there than those items, but those stood out the most to me a week after eating there. I really liked the individual portion idea too.. . The decor was very upscale for a buffet. The servers were all very friendly and efficient. . . Overall I can't think of any complaints. I think the $35 per person is justified. I will definitely eat here again and almost did the day after but decided to try something else instead.
LOVED!  LOVED!!  LOVED THIS PLACE!!!. . I found this place through Yelp and really looked forward to eating there on my trip!  My BF and I spent a week in Vegas; and on our 2nd to last night there, we finally ate at the Wicked Spoon Buffet!!  First of all, it's in the Cosmopolitan Resort & Casino - which is a very beautiful hotel, but bigger than it seems!  It was a journey to get to, but at least there were lots of art work to look at and take pictures of!  I especially loved the larger than life stilettos and the pictures of chocolate dipped objects: more stilettos and sunglasses...so hot!  . . We got there a little after they opened for dinner (5pm) and there was no wait.  We were walked to our table which wasn't in a really "pretty" area of the buffet, but very close to all the food!. . On my first trip to the buffet, I got some salads, gazpacho, shrimp w/risotto, and some kind of fish on top of asparagus.  Everything was good, but the fish was not that good - my BF grabbed a different type of fish dish that tasted better!  For my next trip, I got some sushi, prawns, kalbi, beef with gnocchi, a kind of noodle soup thing I mistook for pho, and sauteed string beans with brussel sprouts, caramelized onions, and garlic.  The kalbi and soup were not so good, but the veggies were sooo good!!  So was the gnocchi and sushi!  My BF got some crab legs and gave me some meat (I really HATE cracking open crab legs - if they aren't King Crab Legs...not worth the work!), so that was good, since I didn't have to crack them myself.. . The dessert section of the buffet was as overwhelming as the regular food section - there was soo much to choose from!  And everything was so beautifully displayed!  The colors on the mini treats were very vibrant and I could hardly make up my mind!  There were even about 20 different flavors of ice cream!  There was Peanut Butter & Jelly, Pistachio, Caramel Candy Bar, etc.  Soooo good!!. . I really liked this buffet, it's pretty and the food is really good.  Service was especially good - our water was always filled by our waiter, even though they have a big glass water bottle thing at the table - so we could've filled it ourselves!  Our plates were always taken away in a timely manner, and whenever we needed anything - our waiter was there!  Plus, it's in a super swank hotel that makes you feel like you're a high roller!
Wicked Spoon is the best buffet I have been to thus far! I would have given 4.5stars if it was an option. . . Just a fyi, you have to stand in line to pay and then get in line to wait for a table. It is actually a very quick wait and even if you don't pay and you just get online to wait for a table when you reach the front of the line, you can pay then. . . The best thing about the buffet is everything is already per-portioned into little pots and dishes, which is SUPER clean and avoids all the mess when you are trying to scoop food onto you plates. . . Everything we (me and coworkers) tried was either amazing or good. The prime rib is tender and bleedy just the way I like it! . . The dessert area is heaven! The different varieties of chocolate covered strawberries dipped in different nuts or cookies is amazing!!! . . The only thing that was not as great was the service. The dishes were not cleared as often and the server did not come around as much as I would have liked. At one point, we only had silverware for 2 people when there was 3 of us and we should have been offered more silverware, especially between dinner and dessert. . . Love love love!
I don't like buffets, but I liked this one!  Loved the already seperated portions concept.  I loved the sweet chili glazed edamame and the salads the best!
Best buffet in town, small plates not troughs full of slop for Cousin Eddie...
Love the small plates concept.  Don't miss the beef ribs, shrimp & grits, & chocolate gelato!  Would have preferred larger, hotter crab legs and more soup offerings.  Great service.  A bit pricey.  No line to get in was a plus.
Great buffet, and totally worth the price. The food was great, the bottomless mimosas were plentiful (and brought 2 at a time) and the staff was excellent. I was a little sad they didn't have the red velvet pancakes because of the seasonal pumpkin variety, but that just gives me an excuse to come back next time we're here!
This is best buffet ever~ $22 for brunch which is cheap compare to bellagio and Wynn... you get many many fruits, food, fish, shrimp, and dessert~ the dessert are super super nice and tasty. i love their cocktail shrimp because you can tell how fresh it is. they put most of the food into small container which is very nice and make you want to try everything~ I tried wynn and bellagio buffet, but i think Wicked Spoon is the best~. yum yum~
I've been to Vegas so many times that it's no longer about walking the strip watching crazy drunk people and taking in the sights of the latest behemoth resort. It's all about taking the taxi and getting me to my desired hotel. On my trip last week to Vegas, I kept seeing advertisements for "the best buffet in Las Vegas." Apparently they were the best, so away we went to the Wicked Spoon at The Cosmopolitan! . . Those advertisements were definitely right on! I'm very big on quality versus quantity when it comes to a buffet. The Wicked Spoon did not disappoint! We went during brunch time and immediately offered a mimosa or bloody Mary. I knew then, this was place was awesome! They served many portioned out small plates of tasty stuffed pastas, BBQ cornbread and fried chicken. The carving station offerings of tri-tip and short ribs were outrageously good! I'm not a fan of sushi at buffets, but they were pretty good here. Due to the popularity of their specialty rolls the turnover is quick, ensuring freshness. The dessert bar was fantastic. My favorites were the chocolate covered strawberries and strawberry shortcakes.. . Very friendly service! Prices were reasonable. $22 per person at brunch. Overall, the best buffet in Vegas!
I'm in love with this buffet.  I used to have a serious relationship with the Wynn Buffet, but now Wicked Spoon has seduced me.. . The usual motive for a buffet is eating until you can't move anymore, and getting your money's worth by stuffing yourself.  However, I look more for the quality versus quantity, and this buffet really does hit the spot.  No, this buffet doesn't have the most types of food available, but it sure does have tasty options and everything is beautifully presented. . . My favorite highlights:. -Fried chicken, which came in individual fryer baskets. -Creamy polenta, in individual mini pot. So good. I couldn't believe how great it was for a buffet.. -Sushi was surprisingly good. Not Nobu, but for a buffet it was pretty damn good.. -Tri-tip (and all other meats) - AMAZING. If you were to stock up on a food, I'd suggest getting a few cuts of these!!! Very juicy, again very surprising for a buffet. Good quality meat.. -Vietnamese sandwich - SKIP. Bread was soggy which threw off the whole sandwich.  Definitely not worth space in your precious stomach.. -Brown rice & cranberries - so delicious. Not the best but definitely up there!. -CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES. A noob to Las Vegas buffets. I was in shock and heaven when I saw these. . -Unique flavored ice cream, including Almond Joy. Delicious.. . ****Important announcement: complimentary mimosa upon request!!!!!!!!!!. . Will be returning during my next visit to Vegas!
I chose to go to this buffet for brunch/lunch based on a recommendation and was very impressed. The wait for about 40 minutes but it was well worth it. It was $30 for the lunch buffet and an additional $7 if you wanted to add unlimited Champagne and Mimosas (highly recommended, the Mimosas were tasty!). I loved how everything was plated as individual portions, it made it really easy to share and sample everything. The prime rib was cooked to perfection, I couldn't help going back for more. Everything was delicious and the experience was pleasant. Our waitress told us that they serve snow crabs for the dinner buffet, so next time I'll be trying the dinner!. . This place has everything you could and couldn't imagine. I can't wait to go back!
seriously, this place is my new favorite vegas buffet.  the food is great and there is a ton of variety.  the things that pop out as most memorable to me are the mac and cheese bar (you can seriously have them make almost whatever you can imagine for mac and cheese.  blue cheese, cheddar, bacon, they can do a ton).  they also had a really good pasta section and pizza section that didn't have a ton of choices, but what they had tasted great.  they had chioppino which was really good too, and the extra sauce made it really good to dip other items into.  crablegs were tasty and were already cut so getting the meat out was nice and easy and they also had little dishes of butter for dipping.  the sushi was alright, i think the bellagio is still the winner in the sushi department.  however, they have a korean bbq part here and it has the kalbi ribs which i loved, along with cajun cooked shrimp.  they also have stuff i have not seen at other buffets such as big beef bones cut in half for those who like marrow.  the shrimp cocktails were very good, i probalby had like 20 of those alone haha.  the dessert bar here is absolutely amazing.  they have your typical cakes and stuff, but then they have little plastic shot glasses with mixes of stuff from fruit creme, to mousse, to fudge, to solid chocolate tops with a variety of toppings from fruit to gold leaf and they were all presented very well.  they have a gelato bar that blows the one at the mirage away which is always a big selling point of the mirage buffet to me.  but there are like 10-14 flavors here and the PB&J one is great, along with salted peanut and pistachio, but you can't go wrong with any flavor they offer. . only things i did not like about this buffet are that it seems to be in the very back corner of the cosmo so you literally have to walk half a mile through the casino to get there, and they try to promote signing up for the players card there, but the card they give you is useless until you go to the actual players cards stations in the casino and have them activate a card for you.  but the buffet is excellent, and i will probably be back there when i am back next month
LOVED this place!  Had everything from fruits to hummus, to mac & cheese station to the Sushi station.  The desserts are just the cherry on the cake too.  Service was excellent.  It is pricey but I brought a group of girls here before a long night out partying and I'd starved them all day.  It was worth it.  It was nice having smaller portion foods and the variety.  We'll definitely come back again
I was bad... I didn't take advantage of this during dinner time. BUT for the 2 DAYS I ate it for brunch ROCKED!!!. When I go to Vegas I love trying the new buffets. I always look forward to trying the new ones & also my old faves like Bellagio, but this time I had the Wicked spoon 2x... because of the price & the food. . I especially liked it that they had most of the food out for brunch & lunch. Only the crab legs were for dinner. I had to take a walk before I was able to start eating. It's a lot to take in. So many choices! DIY quiche/omelet bar, Ham/bacon/tri tip, Italian/Korean/Mexican/Chinese/etc...  I was able to enjoy kal bi & sushi w/ bottomless mimosa (+$8). . I especially like the presentation. Everything was set in it's own dish or freshly made. The eggs Benedict was set in its own stainless steel mini pots or pans. I was able to see a sushi chef making the spicy tuna roll at 10 AM. . Hmm... what else... DESSERT~! So tasty. So many fancy things... loved all the flecks of gold that was placed on many of the dishes. Also, fresh berries & whip cream w/ gelato. . Another Dish I REALLY enjoyed was the beet salad. All the salads were fresh. They tossed a small platter full at a time for the Caesar Salad.. Would totally go back again!!! :)
WOW...just a great place to eat. Mind you, I am not a fan of buffets for various reasons, but this place was awesome. I heard about it through yelp and other bloggers and I am so glad that my friends and I enjoyed our time here.. . We arrived around 1230 and waited  about 40 minutes to get seated. The location is a bit tricky since it's hidden deep inside the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel, down a long, empty hall. The place was busy when we arrived (brunch) but the line went by pretty fast. . . Once seated, our server started the first round of our unlimited mimosas. We collectively decided to pay the extra $8 each since hey, its unlimited! The orange juice seemed freshly squeezed and it had just the right ratios of champagne and juice. We were never without a full glass, and to that we were very appreciative.. . On to the food....can I just say...YUM! Most buffets I've been either have large quatities of bland food or large quantities of salty food. This place was delicious! The presentation of each dish, especially those, in lil' individual servings were so good. I loved the lil baskets of fried chicken, or the mini mac and cheese, even the invidual apple crumb pies. I can't say enough good things about this place other than  it's worth the wait, money, and walk to eat here. If you're ever in vegas and planning to eat at a buffet, this place is definitely a must try.
Yum! One of my favorite Vegas buffets. I still haven't been to belaggio, but this is much better than Wynn. The think I love about this place is the individual dishes for each food. Unlike most buffets that offer the food in a huge tray and you take the pieces you want. At Wicked Spoon it's individual dishes, so you feel the care and presentation of each separate dish. The salmon was amazing, and so was the shrimp and grits. Lots of different delicious selections.
holy moly, this is the best best best buffet ive ever gone to in vegas. . . and thank God its fall and PUMPKIN season!!!! went here for the saturday breakfast brunch and i have to say, i was a little thrown aback at the price for two people since most buffets are like 10 bucks right?!? well, you def get what you pay for and my tummy was very happy here at the wicked spoon.  i got pumpkin pancakes, red velvet pancakes, sweet potato hash, fresh berries, pizza (i know, kinda random for breakfast but it looked good!), bacon, omelet, steak eggs benidict, and of course I had to get dessert!! gelato! tiramisu gelato along with some chocolate covered strawberries and some berry cobbler!! yup it's a miricle I walked (and not rolled) outta there.. . the thing is, we enjoyed the breakfast so much that we came back for dinner!!! dinner was of course pricier than breakfast but my husband enjoyed the crab legs, the Mac and cheese station, the prime rib. my favorite was the crispy chicken with Kim chee!! yum!!! and they had different types of fish, there was sushi, Thai noddle salad, it was just endless yumminess!!! and of course dessert!!! the dessert area was pretty much the same as the brunch but I was very happy with that! they even had some sugar free options! see, definitely something for everyone!!
The food and the atmosphere is hip, fun and fresh.  You can't go wrong with the creamiest risotto in town.  The chocolate covered baby apples were a cute touch.
The Wicked Spoon was Wicked GOOD!. . I took a few moments to read some of the recent reviews and I am shocked!  I can only speak for the Sunday brunch but it was the best brunch buffet to ever hit these lips!!!    . . From the moment you walk into this building you feel like you have entered a scene from Sex and the City.  It is definitely Shabby Chic!  Not my particular style but I loved the energy and attention to detail this place has.  Someone said they got lost getting to the restaurant.  Hmmmm, I don't want to say they are stupid but they have these little signs that direct you right to it....lol  It is down an unassuming hallway that leads you past the hotel room elevators.  One can reasonably assume that the target audience for this restaurant is GUESTS FIRST.  Rightfully so in my opinion.. . People complaining about price....Really?  This is Vegas people!  Sure it is expensive but I can honestly say it was worth every dime.  If you want a cheap but okay buffet, head to the Rio.  This is an upscale place and the food was more single serving than buffet quality.  There are plenty of cheap buffets but I assure you that you will get what you pay for.  BTW, Prime Rib is being used as a test to see if a buffet is good?  When did the worst cut of beef become the standard?????...lol  Every time I read a review that mentions Prime Rib I stop reading.  They obviously don't know quality food if that is their biggest topic to discuss.. . The food.....I was in heaven!  Individual servings of all you can eat food is not a negative thing.  It is a gift from God!  The temperature and quality are way easier to control and it cuts down on waste.  Again, lots of non restaurant people talking smack about things they have no knowledge about.  Tons of different options and tons of unique food choices to try.  You want to judge a buffet?  Do it by the quality of their bacon!  This place has the thickest, tastiest bacon of any buffet I have ever been too.  For goodness sakes, they even had slab bacon they would cut fresh for you!!!!  Omelett and egg station prepared any way you want it.  Fresh pecan french toast and pancakes.  Really?  If it were socially acceptable, i would have just eaten right off the serving dishes!. . Dessert station.  Okay, lots of smaller desserts and most were delicious.  There were so many options that I wished I hadn't eaten that third helping of bacon so I could fit more in.  If you want their best dessert tho, hit up the gelato station first.  Their best flavor is the SALTED PEANUT.  It was AWESOME!. . I will be back but next time I am wearing sweat pants!!!!!!!!!!
This was our favorite buttet on the Strip.  My favorite dish was the shrimp & grits.  How do they get their grits that smooth and flavorful?  I'm a southern girl and had never tasted grits like that!  The chocolate mousse mango dessert served in a little cup was the most amazing dessert I've ever eaten!   The atomosphere here is much more sophisticated than the other buffets we tried in Vegas.  It was relatively quiet and a great place to eat and catch up with old friends.
Hellooooo... it's my new favorite buffet in Vegas... even if I didn't have one before.. . Everything was pretty damn good especially since most buffets have mediocre food. $22 for brunch and it includes one free alcoholic beverage... oh hell yes!. . Eat here, you won't regret it. Every single time I come to Vegas from now on, I'm going here... and Earl's for that matter. :)
I am a local and I visit Wicked Spoon at least once a month. We have hosted our family breakfast here many times. There is a wide variety of food selection, everything is tasty, their coffee is the best, the dessert selection is amazing and their customer service is great. Don't forget to order your mimosa  (champagne and orange juice) which is often included in the price.
This has to be one of THE best buffets I have ever been to.. the $29 price is totaaaaaally worth it! And that price includes one complimentary mimosa or bloody mary :). . Upon first walking in, you will automatically notice the huge selection of food they have to offer.. you won't even know where to start from! . They offer many American dishes as well as Filipino and Mexican. They have a salad bar as well and a humongous dessert area (see pictures). . . Our waiter was super friendly and kept coming by to remove our dishes we were done with. . . This is definitely a MUST for all the buffet lovers :). . *oh, a very odd thing here though, they DO NOT ACCEPT CREDIT CARDS. it has to be cash.
OMG. This place is amazing!. The waiting was pretty horrible, about an hour or so but it was worth it. I had brunch and the cost was very reasonable!. The eggs Benedict were spectacular, so was the pasta. A lot of different options, I couldn't even get to 50% of the food. Dessert was amazingly good... . I totally recommend this place!
WHOA! Ate here for lunch during Pacquiao fight weekend and it was the longest I've ever waited. Hour in line to pay and another hour wait to, actually, EAT! lol. My cousins from SF read many good reviews bout this buffet so, didn't care about the wait. Thankfully, I wasn't starving so, I was just along for the ride.. . There seemed to be different items in the buffet, too. Which is great considering all the times I eat here. New items I noticed were: pork adobo, butter squash ravioli, yellow watermelon.. . Service is always great. Our waiter kept getting orders of different beverages orders, poor guy...see what happens when you serve hungover ppl :p. . They, also, raised their prices. I swear this place raises their prices every 4 months.
My NEW favourite buffet!. . I KEEP telling myself I have sworn off buffet. i am a picky eater and I am SO OVER buffet. HOWEVER, I will come back to you wicked spoon! . . Listen up!! I have tried all the ones worth trying and here are the rest of the list in order:. . Wynn (my old favourite) 2X. Aria (when it first opened). M Resort. Bellagio (brunch). Mandalay Bay 2X (brunch and dinner). Paris (brunch). Rio. New Orleans (brunch, cheap for the price). . The following are disgusting, i would not go again even if it were free:. Monte Carlo. MGM. Planet Hollywood (brunch). Harrah's (brunch). Excalibre (brunch). . SO i consider myself making a pretty darn informed decision when i am saying this is THE best buffet.. . I went for dinner and at $35 a pop, the price was just right. . . The decor is classy and modern with a vintage twist. . All the food I had was pretty well made. Everything actually looked appetising. and i LOVED the fact everything was single serving, making everything look more appetising. Plus less wasteful! If you want more, just get your butt off the seat and grab more!!!. . Shots of WATERMELON Refreshing, basically like thick watermelon juice. Shot of AVOCADO/CUCUMBER/ETC was interesting...I felt healthy drinking it!. COCKTAIL SHRIMPS were alright. a little small and lemon was sliced too thinly. COD Not bad at all. Tender. NOT OVERCOOKED!!! even has asparagus in it.. CEVICHE, well made but I am not a fan. SNOW CRAB LEGS kinda meh...didn't feel too fresh, there's melted butter too.. PRIME RIB Best prime rib I've had at a buffet. medium rare. DONE RIGHT!. LEG OF LAMB tasted kind of funky. Do not like. . BONE MARROW first time seeing this in a vegas buffet! It's alright...it's a buffet so i didn't expect much...but i would pay for a better bone marrow.. TRI TIP It was medium rare, more on the rare side. It was a little salty. but not bad at all. I just prefer prime rib. MUSSELS best ones I've had at a buffet. CRAWFISH yummy!!!! . . CREAM PUFF it was ok. Tasted a bit like these asian buns I ate as a kid. LEMON TART, it was ok, not too sour like most lemon tart. But i don't like lemon tarts in general. CHOCOLATE COVERED YUMMY!!!! even has oreos on them. SLICES OF WATERMELON my favourite to end a buffet!. CHOCOLATE CONE yummy but the cone could be crunchier. . There's a ton of salad to choose from, some sushi rolls (no nigiri), mac and cheese bar, truffle mashed potatoes, gelato station, fudge, OK I NEED TO GO BACK SO I can eat that stuff. They might have more over the weekend too!. . ***. . Tips: get the crawfish, load up on seafood, do the meat station but skip the leg of lamb. or ask for a small piece.. . Favourites: wide variety, GOOD quality for buffet. . Do not want: It is actually the same price as wynn buffet.... I feel bad taking so many individual servings of cocktail shrimps. Bone marrow was stale. . Last words: zee best!
HOLY AMAZING BATMAN!. My husband and I got married in Las Vegas and wanted something nice but affordable to eat for our dinner. Buffet style seemed to be the only way to go for 30+ picky eaters and chefs. We were a little put off by the size of the line when we arrived but what could we expect for not making reservations. Once we got towards the front of the line and they realized we were still decked out in wedding gear and we were immediately greeted by the restaurant manager and shots! They even took the time to open another cashier station so that our guest were able to pay for their own means instead of 1 large messy check. . We had no intentions of all sitting together since again we had no reservations and we were a large party, but somehow they worked their magic and had us all seated in 1 large area. . The food was outstanding. My husband is a chef, so pleasing him and 10 of his closest chef buddies is a hard task and yet everyone seemed to really enjoy all of the offerings. I did not quite make it to my favorite area (the dessert station) because I filled up on so much great food, but everyone that did eat dessert assured me that I missed out. . I will eat here every opportunity that I have, and still get calls from friends asking what restaurant we ate at for the next time they visit Vegas.. Love LOVE LOVE The Wicked Spoon!
I read through some long reviews of this buffet prior to writing this, so I'll keep it short. I love and have been to many Vegas Buffets, because I occasionally enjoy eating as much food as I can in one sitting. For the breakfast buffet, this is the best quality and selection, for the price, that I've had in Vegas. I would go back in half a heartbeat.
One of the best Las Vegas buffets. You won't be disappointed. Skip the Wynn Buffet and get more bang for your buck and better quality food. I thought I was impressed with Wynn, but Cosmo buffet was the best! Presentation, quality, taste, and the dessert bar was a BIG hit. I would travel back to Vegas to eat here again! The interior design was nice and open space. I loved everything about it.
Tried the buffet for both brunch and dinner... This place is def. a lot better for brunch opposed to dinner as the dinner menu is somewhat similar to the brunch menu.. . The brunch is totally worth it because they serve a lot of meat which my bf loves and still has lots of desserts and breakfast which I love.. . The service was great, food was prepared well, and for the overall price it was great!
gourmet normal food!  . . Presentation of the dishes are tapas style with mini pots and pans containing their expertly crafted dishes.  They used to have a mushroom cooked in a reduced wine sauce that was my favorite dish but I didn't see it this time.  I hear the mac and cheese is amazing (havent had it because im lactose intolerant) and the slabs of bacon and REALLY long sausage never fail to impress.  . . I have to say my favorite things about this place are their desserts (gelato and chocolate covered strawberries) and surprisingly...their fruit.  Make sure to pick up a green pear in the salad bar area (across from the breakfast area)...its so amazing!!  just try it.. . Also, to get a better bang for your buck order a glass of champagne for your 1 free drink and order a glass of OJ (free) instead of a mimosa to get well...more alcohol!
The Wicked Spoon is by far the best buffet I've had the pleasure of experiencing.. . However, I feel there is particular emphasis on desserts, so if you are not a fan of sweets, you will not be getting your money's worth.. . My favorites include the bone-in prime rib and the truffle potatoes.
In quite a few trips to Las Vegas through the years, I've learned a few things about this town.. - Vegas is stacked to the brim with weirdos.  People with some serious issues that need dealing with.. - Urban sprawl is quite ugly, especially when urban development is ignored for the sake of expanding suburbia.. - Buffets would lead me to be one of those poor overweight souls who cruise around casinos and streets of El Eh Es Vegas at high speeds on my very own Rascal scooter.. . I've had my share of buffets in Sin City.  Some good, many bad, but all with certain expectations.. . Let's just say that Wicked Spoon destroyed all of them- buffets and expectations.. . Considering I came here the morning after over-indulging at another buffet (which at that point had already shattered any notion of me having "very good" buffet food in Vegas before that moment) and had the brunch buffet, I'm thoroughly impressed by the quality and variety on offer here.  Especially considering the great price point.. . I'm not about to go down the list of everything I ate.  I'm limited in the number of characters I can use in a review anyway.. . What I can tell you is that the food was incredibly fresh and tasty, the place was very busy (ensuring good turnover on food items), the variety on offer was pleasing and drew me in all directions all meal long, and the service was very friendly and attentive (Samira from Morocco is a sweetie!).. . To top it off, there were items there that were done in a way that was much more like an a la carte service than a normal buffet.  Someone put a ton of planning into building this style and executing it this well.  I'd like to thank that someone by standing in front of them, shaking their hand, and shedding a tear of joy for them to see just how happy they made me.. . A really impressive dining experience, buffet-labeled or not.
Wow. Just wow. Where do I even start?! We went to Wicked Spoon for the Sunday brunch because we had seen the great reviews on Yelp and because it was so close to where we were staying. The Cosmopolitan is very trendy looking, so I didn't mind walking all through it to get to the buffet. Once we got there, we waited maybe 15 minutes between the line to pay and the line to get seated. Very reasonable. The price was great, coming in at $29 for the brunch or for just $8 more you could get unlimited drinks (mimosa, champagne or bloody mary). I opted for just the brunch as I wanted to save room for food in my stomach. That was the right choice!. . To start, I love the fact that almost everything is pre-portioned out in individual pots/baskets/plates etc. I started off at the pasta and tried the mac and cheese, butternut squash ravioli, and the asiago stuffed gnocchi. All three were outrageously good. Usually I hesitate with butternut squash ravioli because it ends up being too sweet, but there was a nice balance of cheese, butternut squash, and the brown butter sauce that went with it. The gnocchi were cooked right and not at all gummy, and the asiago center was just enough to add some 'oomph'. It was in a creamy sauce with asparagus, tomatoes, and pesto which were nice compliments. My favorite - the macaroni and cheese - was made with orecchiette pasta and baked with panko bread crumbs on top. It was smoky and perfectly cheesy with a bit of a tart note, likely mustard. It did have linguica in it as well, but I picked a pot that didn't have any as I prefer my macaroni and cheese as pure and simple as possible.. . The individual fried chicken baskets were cute and delicious, and I felt like it had a bit of a buffalo taste to it which elevated the dish to the next level. Other great picks from the buffet were the biscuit and gravy - which didn't have much sausage in it but that's how I like my gravy to begin with. The pumpkin pancakes tasted great alone, and needed no syrup/butter/whipped cream etc. Really, I didn't get anything from here that I didn't at least moderately like!. . And of course, there was the dessert island. A case of a million tiny pastries and cakes all ready to go, a gelato station with a bunch of creative and classic flavors, strawberry shortcake, and even luscious chocolate dipped strawberries with crushed toffee on the bottom! I liked the chocolate mousse cups with fresh fruit on top, as well as the PB & J, Strawberry Balsamic, and Biscotti gelato. I absolutely LOVED the little chocolate cones - chocolate sugar cones with mousse inside, plus a mousse filled chocolate ball on top garnished with a silvery flake. So posh!. . I could rant and rave about this buffet all day. Bottom line - JUST GO HERE!
seriously the best buffet i have ever had. went with a group of friends. delicious choices of food. price is very reasonable. service excellent! can't wait to visit again.
My only experience with buffets, pre-Vegas, were of the greasy Chinese sort. Sad looking food glistening under a weak light, not even trying to convince wannabe eaters of its worthiness.. Stuff antacids commercials are made of.. . Wicked Spoon shatters that pathetic image in a million pieces.. . Think elegant. Mouth-watering. Fresh. Colorful. Refined. Beautiful.. Tucked on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel (a little wonder of design), Wicked Spoon buffet gives a new definition to the word. It's a buffet alright since there is indeed a whole array of dishes to be picked up by hungry hippos but you won't find much dry casseroles, pieces of chicken or sticky rice.. Not at all.. Listen:. - curried tofu with crunchy vegetables. - seared salmon with creamy faro. - mac-n-cheese with home-made longonisa. - stuffed agnoletti with pesto. - clams in a Thai green curry. - fried chicken, served in the cutest little frying basket you have ever seen . - lemongrass and ginger red snapper. .......... . And of course, a galore of salads, cold cuts, cheeses, olives, fruits..... And a fabulous dessert display. Home-made gelato (a dozen flavors), home-made whipped cream to create fa-bu-lous strawberry shortcakes, macarons, cookies. chocolate covered strawberries, marshmallows lollipops, gourmet cakes....You name it, you have it.. And you savor the whole thing in an exquisite and urbane setting softly lit by gorgeous chandeliers and light fixtures.. . Life doesn't get much better than that.. $22.95 for lunch during the week; in the lower $30 for dinner.. And really - who wants to miss on a place with such a whimsical name? Gotta love it!
I have had many experiences at Vegas buffets over the years and I can tell you that my experience at Wicked Spoon left me positively giddy and going from station to station to thank the chefs for going the extra mile to make each dish perfect. . . The buffet was fresh and colorful with such a wide array of foods served in their own serving vessels. We enjoyed breakfast (complimentary due to my husband's platinum status at the hotel) and we were so pleasantly thrilled with the experience. The omelets were made perfectly. The pancakes were fluffy and delicious. The salads were cold and fresh. The fruit was perfectly in season. The individual serving dishes of butternut squash ravioli and mac-and-cheese orechette made it easy to not over-eat. The pizza was crispy with perfectly melty cheese.. . The service was friendly and prompt with the drinks and quick to bus the tables. . . There was truly nothing I would change about this place. I just loved it. I wish I could eat breakfast there every day.
The Wicked Spoon Buffet was THE highlight of our stay.  It was so unexpected to find such a wonderful buffet at our hotel!  . . The Cosmopolitan should be advertising and bragging about this buffet!  It is completely undersold given how much effort and work goes into this.  The staff working it do a really good job too.  We enjoyed it completely several days in a row.  DEFINITE FIVE STAR RATING!!!
this place is wicked, evil, sinful, iniquitous, and just morally bad because it makes people abandon their dieting principle/ practice in front of the scrumptious foods!! OH MY GOD!! this place is too good to be true!! i love Wicked Spoon! i wish i could give it not only 5 stars, but 10, or maybe 50 stars!!!. . price is a tad steep (about $40pp) but the super yummy foods make all your monies worth!!  Very very good stuff includes:. . - Prime rib- meaty & juicy!. . - Snow crab legs- served warm, with hot melted butter, and already split that allows for very easy access to the crab meat! delicious succulent crab meat it is!. . - Bone marrow - OMG! OMG! OMG! so tasty and soft and gooey and so so sooooo freaking good!! once you try it, you just fall in love with it!. . - Prawns in tomato sauce over grits- i love the grits! big prawns, too!. . - Tomato Basil Soup- gorgeous and done right!. . - Made-to-Order Mac & Cheese- Mooey gooey mac & cheese with ingredients of your choice! yummy!!. . - Desserts- CRAAAAAAAZZZZZY!! (please see photos) All desserts look fancy and cute and taste amazingly good!. . - Gelato- 16 different flavors i counted! First time for me to try the PB&J gelato! interesting!. . There are of course many other things that i have tried, but i'm just lazy to type 'em all out over here!  No matter you are a buffet lover or not, you need to go eat at Wicked Spoon, or you will be regretting for the rest of your life! hahaa :D. . The only one thing i was not very happy with on my previous visit was the server. i'm not saying the service sucked because most of the staff were pretty nice and attentive, but this guy serving our table was really really bad! He never looked at us in the eyes and NEVER SPOKE!!  When we asked for refills of drinks or extra silverware, etc., he would just walk away like he had heard nothing and then come back in a few minutes with the requested items!  what kind of service is that!!! He did not have to be all chatty and friendly, but at least say something as short and simple as "OK" so i wouldnt be wondering he heard me or not!  At first, I was sorta suspecting he had disability in speaking but my boyfriend confirmed that the server could speak because he actually did speak with my boyfriend a little bit as he was taking our drink orders......Anyway, the foods made up for the horrible service, and yes, Wicked Spoon I love you! Yeah!!!
The selection and quality was great!! We had a Sunday brunch 30$ a person. Their was a bit of a wait but it was worth it.
I've been wanting and begging my family to eat here with me every time we go to Vegas, but they would rather eat at the Rio World Carnival buffet instead! Luckily, for this Vegas trip, I went with my fellow food-soul-mate friend and we immediately decided to come here for our buffet choice. This buffet was so hyped up by my friends so I was afraid I would be disappointed. But nope, I wasn't! :). . My trick for eating at buffets is just to try a little small bite of everything and then go and grab what I really liked. This kinda didn't work out here... why? Because everything I grabbed was SO delicious! I ended up eating everything on my plate, which was bad since I was getting full very quickly. My favorite dishes were: the stuffed gnocci, risotto, mushroom polenta, butternut squash ravioli, this shrimp dish (on the farthest left corner of the buffet) and of course their chocolate cake swimming in a bowl of chocolate caramel syrup. I love how their crabs are sliced in half for you. My only complaint was that by the time we got there for dinner on a Monday at 6pm, they were all out of bone marrow :( I was looking forward to trying that since I've never had bone marrow before. Also the guy serving the crab legs could have been more generous, but that's just the fatty in me talking :) Overall, I definitely will be back and this time, I will try to make room to try everything!. . Oh and another thing, next time I'm bringing in a cafeteria lunch tray! Those darn square plates don't hold very much! :D
FOOD:. Most buffets in Las Vegas are very standard and unoriginal:  you got your same old slab of meats, salad bars, and desserts. At Wicked Spoon, every dish is unique and attentive. I love how all the dishes come in little 5 in skillets or dishes. Makes the experience that much more exciting. My favorite dish was probably the shrimp and grits. I also loved their wild mushroom risotto. My only complaint would be that their dessert bar can be a little better (i wish they had an array of french macarons). But I really do think that this is the most hip and modern buffet in Vegas.. . AMBIANCE:  . I went there on Thanksgiving Day at around 2:30pm. We only waited about an hour. By the time we were done eating, it was around 5:00pm, and the line was out the door, around the corner, and another corner, and another corner, and another corner. It looked like they were in for another 4 hour wait.. . SERVICE:. Our server was extremely fast and accommodating.
The buffet to end all buffets. and for $23!. Dont let the line scare you, even if its out into the lobby it wont be more then an hour. . Everything from the pastas, to the pancakes, the fruit, the gelato, the pizza is actual pizza, with crispy crust, not mass produced lets shovel this into the mouths of fatties pizza, the breads, the salads and veggies, heirloom tomatoes and organic asparagus. oh and the apple cobbler in its own mini pot. All top notch. Equal quality as you'd expect to be served at a nice restaurant, and yet its unlimited. The dessert area must be seen to be believed. . I would love if they marked dishes as vegetarian though. two of the pastas had listed ingredients that were all good but when I asked the chef they both had beef/chicken stock. a simple v on the cards would clear that up. but not worthy of a star.. Oh ya, we went for breakfast because I prefer that in a buffet, but I'll be back for dinner sometime.
Best buffet I have eaten at. While I have changed my gluttonous ways, I relapsed at the Wicked Spoon. They have a great selection of gourmet food served in single serve plates, bowls and cups. I enjoyed not having to scoop eggs out of a communal trough. It was on the expensive side, but good food is almost always worth it. Pictures of my 4 plates are in my profile.
If I could give this 10 stars I would. Everything is amazing! By far, best buffet on the strip! It's gourmet, fresh, and nothing like those other buffets! I think I would like to eat here once a day, everyday please. :-) Yummy!
save room for dessert.  that's where this place shines.. . desserts: 5 stars. macaroons -- 5 stars. gelato -- 4.5 stars. tiramisu cups -- 4 stars. fudge cubes -- 4 stars. . regular food:  4 stars. didn't have as much seafood as I would like.  no crab legs or sushi
Simply the best.  Try the Wynn, Bellagio, Planet Hollywood (my favorite before coming here)... and then come here... that way you can judge for yourself which buffet you enjoy most.  The variety and individual portions and attention to detail and quality makes this buffet stand out from the rest.  After trying all but the M buffet, I must confess of being "buffet'd" out... all start tasting the same... and at $35... costing and tasting about the same.  . Read the reviews try out the rest and I am sure you will agree with me... simply the best... Unique, fun, wickedly good.. Loved the Kalbi beef short  ribs... tender and so flavorful.. Made to order macaroni with mushrooms and bacon... ahhhhhhh!. Rasberry sorbet, chocolate covered strawberrys with Heath bar sprinkles.. The beignet with raspberry sauce. Word of advice... wait early for dinner and get the best selection... otherwise the wait is horrendous... I got there around 10 minutes after 4pm and the hostess suggested I wait and be the first in line so I did... twenty minutes later there were over 40 people waiting behind me and even more when it opened.. When I got in I leisurely got my food... thirty minutes later it was a mad house... first come first serve..... the food stations were over whelmed with people to the extent that they started running out of food.  I overheard the manager to not let anyone in...because they had enough people for now.  I was glad to have been first to eat.. enjoy your meal.
So Cherish H and I have never been able to see eye to eye on the Wicked Spoon Buffet but I still love her dearly.. . // LOCATION // Inside the Cosmopolitan on the second floor through a seemingly endless maze of empty casino aside for some awesome modern art. Perhaps this is to prepare your stomach for the food marathon it is about to embark on. . . // WAIT // Ridiculous. You wait in a massive line to pay and another behemoth of a line to be seated. . . // FOOD // I've eaten both brunch and dinner at the Wicked Spoon. I love the portion control here. It is a win-win situation for both the diner and the restaurant because food is not wasted and you still have enough room in your stomach to try all the other goodies. Here are my personal fave finds: .      + Mushroom polenta: Like crack. The polenta is creamy and delish with a drizzle of truffle oil. The mushrooms are perfectly cooked. I still dream about this dish! .      + Salted Caramel pancakes: Fluffy and sweet enough they don't require any syrup.      + Cheddar Hash browns with caramelized onions: Great combo. .      + Mashed potatoes: Sounds simple, but the mashed potatoes were so creamy and tasty. .      . Must skip:.      + Bone Marrow: If you aren't a marrow fan, be cautious because the gelatinous texture may overwhelm you. I watched my friend nearly gag at the dinner table. .      + Grapefruit gelato: True to the fruit, it is extremely bitter. . . *tip: Send some unsuspecting friends to wait in line and pay for the whole party. Then you can all show up after they are seated. Evil, I know.
A very delicious buffet, though the secret about it is out and the lines are getting longer! Came on Christmas weekend and was astounded to find the 3+ hour line for dinner on Christmas day and stood in line for almost 2 hours for the day after Christmas brunch.. . I came here for dinner on a previous trip and loved their flat iron steak, their fried chicken, and DESSERT! Everything here is all in individual sized portions, even down to the miniature pot or frying basket. Even the ginger soy edamame comes in a takeout box! Dessert is so good--including the gelato, Oreo chocolate covered strawberries, macarons, and red velvet cookies. Only thing is they are not known for seafood, so the most you will find is some shrimp cocktails.. . You can add in a wine flight for $15 - $25 to the delicious meal and don't forget to use the Cosmo membership card for some points!
um........yeah this place is that good.  The prime rib was perfect, the lamb was spectacular......and oh the bone marrow......delicious!  great variety and the best part of it all.......we were sitting right next to the dessert area!  had a great selection.....i only wish there was more selection for asian food.
I loved the way everything was served at the buffet.   Most things were portioned off so you could share with a friend or try everything without feeling guilty about leaving it over if you didn't like it.  The crab was wonderful, but the most impressive thing was the dessert bar.   It all actually tasted as good as it looked.   Worth every penny.
Just tried this buffet for the first time and I left STUFFED! I went for brunch which was $22 a person and it includes a complimentary glass of bloody mary, champagne, or mimosa which I thought was a nice perk. Before sitting down and eating, however, the wait was around almost two hours. There was a line to pay and then you wait again in a different line to be seated. The pecan french toast was absolutely DELICIOUS! I love breakfast food and that definitely made my day. They also have an omelet station where you can choose what to put in your omelet which was GOOD. They don't have that much for you to choose from, but it was still very filling. Their chicken wings are also a must try! They come in little frying baskets and when you bite into it, it's just juicy goodness! The flavor is just right and the meat is not too dry. Though I probably stuffed myself way too fast with all the filling stuff, I was sure to stop by the dessert area. I tried many of their gelatos and they were all delicious!! The tiramisu and cheesecake like dessert things were not that good though. They also have HUGE chocolate covered strawberries. . . Other than the food, the place is also really nice. The place is pretty big and it was clean. The lights are pretty and though the wait was pretty long, there are so many picture opps that you can easily kill time.
I'm Mayor of Cosmo on foursquare and finally, FINALLY, allllll my check-ins got me something here (other than my Mayordom bragging rights, that is!). . Got the "Cosmopolitan VIP" badge and it allows me to bypass the Wicked Spoon line. Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, budddyyyyyyy....this will be useful on weekends =)
don't understand how people can rate this anything less than 4 stars, anyone doing so simply doesn't enjoy good food and shouldn't be eating at a place with complex dishes and flavors, this is simply the best buffet in vegas and it's not even close. . I've eaten here 6-7 times now and never waited more than 5 minutes, then again I go on week days and on usually at 5-6 or 8-9, don't knock the place for being full at 7:30 on a friday night the weekend of a prize fight
I am not  a huge buffet eater, but I came here due to my babe's dieing desire for a buffet....... . We arrived about 5 and waited 30 minutes to get a table.  The decor is very trendy and cool.. . I was very surprised to see the quality and the variety of the entree selections.. . Each entree tasted fresh and  the food presentations were wonderful......very "gourmet"  for a buffet.. . I cannot believe I am saying this but I was very impressed.  The best buffet on the strip......for the $$$$.  I will be back....
The decorations, were beautiful. it is a very nice buffet place. the price is average comparing to wynn buffet. I love the portions of the food. they give you little portion so you get to try everything. the Japanese stations with the sushi was whatever. they didnt have much choice. I enjoyed the pasta. there was a long line. we waited 1 and a half hour to get in. so go early for the line.
As an avowed fatty (I prefer not to acknowledge the existence of the word "foodie"), this place was paradise.  First and foremost, the food tastes good.  There are multiple (!) versions of eggs benedict.  The fried chicken is served in miniature fryer baskets.  The chicken adobo comes in a little stainless steel pot.  For a buffet, that's pretty cool.. Anyone with a sweet tooth, this is HANDS DOWN the best buffet in Vegas.  The gelato bar is good, but the pastries are amazing.  They have (good) macarons available, with a passion fruit curd and fresh fruit pressed between the oversized shells.  I was really pleased with my meal here, and it's replaced the buffet at The Wynn as my favorite in Vegas.. One note, the diningarea itself is somewhat cramped.  For those of us making multiple trips to the buffet line, it quickly becomes annoying to have to squeeze between a bunch of tables and inadvertently bump into another patron every time you get up.
I like the variety of food you can eat here. the atmosphere is pretty classy, I like how it's unique from other buffets. Probably the best buffets in Vegas! The Prime rib hits the spot, the Italian food is pretty good they use a lot of lamb, the chinese dim sums are pretty good, the korean kalbi and kimchi wasn't that bad either, crab legs variety of salads and soups. Moving on to Dessert the gelatos are pretty bomb and so are the pastries. Definitely a favorite spot to eat if I come back to Vegas!
You only wish you had 4 stomachs like a cow entering this place. Probably the best buffet I've tasted in my life. Very spacious and lots of different varieties of food available. Pretty much my idea of a gourmet buffet paradise. . . After doing much research of all the buffets was the best - reviews have told me it was this one. While I have not tried the other ones in Vegas to compare, this did not disappoint in the least bit. If I come here again, I will definitely come visit this place again. . . I was so bloated here I could not move for 1.5 hours afterwards. At the same time, the food was so good I could not seem to stop eating.. . Some tips:. - more expensive on holiday occassions, so make sure to come on a weekday not falling on their holiday pricing (it's about $10 more than regular on special dates). - go during brunch time (you don't want to be bloated and you can walk off the carbs in the day). - don't go for the asian food (eg. sushi, Chinese food - that's not what its known for here so obviously it can't really compare). - nice portions of everything allowing you to try everything, so remember to diversify what you choose (sharing is a good way to try things without overeating). - order water or juice (pop or alcohol will fill you up faster). - don't go for all the starchy foods! (remember to eat salads and fruit in between to help you eat more). . GO FOR: their roasts, they slice it up when you request it and it is DELISH; fruits (very fresh and you'll need it in between everything you eat, they have blueberries, strawberries, blackberries, etc.); add some salads (they come in small portions and are very refreshing after lots of meat and carbs); SAVE ROOM FOR THEIR MASSIVE DESSERT SELECTION (you won't regret it)
BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS HANDS DOWN... after having eaten at almost every buffet on the strip, this buffet is basically HEAVEN for me!  The Wynn buffet and M buffet used to be tied for first, but Wicked Spoon DOMINATES!  They don't have all the typical things that any other buffet on the strip has, but the quality is so much higher, and the dishes they offer are definitely more unique!!!. . This is quite random, but I have to say the best thing I ate at the entire buffet is their mini pecan pies in the dessert section... it was so good I wanted to go back the next day and ONLY eat that!  (Of course I didn't...)  They also have the most amazing array of chocolate-covered strawberries!  It's divided into 3 sections of ones with peanuts, oreos, and heath bars.  THEY ARE SO AMAZING my bf ate literally 35+ of them... kinda crazy and gross :) There are also chocolate covered pears!!!  . . Also they give you one complimentary mimosa, champagne, or bloody mary for the brunch meals!. . There's a personal omelette bar that turns into a pasta bar at night I think... or maybe a salad bar... not sure!. . I love how everything is divided into tiny portions, so you feel like it's individualized for you.  Also, it's perfect for me because I really just like to sample but not eat anything in particular, so they have a whole section of pastas put into miniture pots for you to try!  There's gnocchi, ravioli, polentas... it really helped my self control because I could share with my boyfriend without grabbing a bunch of food that looked good and just piling it only my plate and feeling to full too eat it in about 20 minutes.  . . Another thing I loved is the GELATO BAR!!!! it's so cool how there are really unique flavors like pink grapefruit... the PISTACHIO LITERALLY TASTED LIKE GELATO I HAD IN ROME... unbelievable!!!  It also comes in these really tiny scoops, so you are basically just sampling each flavor... PERFECTION.. . I am definitely ditching all other buffets in vegas and only coming to this one... it's just not worth stuffing yourself unless you are going to do it with wonderful food!!! And the price is extremely reasonable too... $22.99 for the brunch buffet!  If you're in vegas... GO!!!!!
It was a great dinning experience hands down. My only question now is if they would live up to my expectations a second time around. I personaly wouldn't bring kids to this Buffet but I did see a few while i was there. Difinately for a more mature taste bud.
yeah, right. best buffet in las vegas.. . only thing to say, price is little high. . . but when we went to there, no wait line. many selection of food. and taste so good.. . we usually went to buffet on paris hotel, there were always wait for line, have to wait a hour easy.. . wicked spoon is new, so you don't worry about be wait.. . we will be back!!
Let's get it out there, I'm a buffet fan.  Phew, I said it.  I've been to every buffet in Las Vegas and some of them dozen's of times.  I've been to the Wicked Spoon 3 times so far.. . It's the best buffet in Vegas, perhaps anywhere.  I love Wynn and Bellagio but this one is just a tag better.  The reason it's better is simple, portion controlled dishes so that you get the dish exactly the way the chefs want you to.  This makes it more like Tapas and less like a buffet.. . Like any buffet, some dishes are better than others, some spoil under the heat lamps but dish for dish it's the best in Vegas.  I'm not sure it's the best value, but it is consistently the best food.. . Try the Sake soaked Turkey (amazing!).  Any of the pasta's but the short beef rib ravioli was excellent.  LOVE the chinese dishes in the containers and the fried chicken in mini fry containers.. . If you like simplier food this may not be for you.  If you hate buffet's this wont change your mind either.  However for the food adventurer who want to eat the best buffet around and doesn't mind dropping $25 to $40 a meal, this is the best.
If I had had to wait in the huge line, I would not have been disappointed. This buffet was amazing. Tasty food, lots of things were portioned for you already so no taking tons more than a few bites, amazing salted peanut ice cream. Banh mi was fun and spicy tuna was actually spicy. If you are a platinum member you get right in.
This place is so hip hop that you can expect at least an hour long wait for this place if not more. The verdict is very split on this one. Some really love it and some really hate it. If you're looking for a cute gimmick to the traditional buffet, you may enjoy the theme of Wicked Spoon. However, if you're more into quantity and quality, you should head to Bellagio. . . I really enjoyed the cute little dishes. The food tasted pretty good too. I loved the corn, mac n cheese, and the shrimp cocktail. NOM! Their salad bar was quite impressive too. Who says you can eat healthy at a buffet? . . The best part of this buffet? The dessert of course! Chocolate covered strawberries and gelato?! Try the pistachio flavor~
Best buffet in Vegas, if not the world! Certainly the best vegetarian-friendly buffet I've encountered. Leave room for the uber awesome dessert bar! Cheesecake, gelato and molten chocolate cake FTW!
Amazing buffet. Went to bellagio the day before for lunch and this was infinitely better.. . The food is all served in these individual portions that seems to really help with getting each one cooked and seasoned well. Everything I tried was delish and there were a huge number of options, favorites were the pork bin, sweet and sour shrimp, adobo tacos, and the ridiculous number of gelato flavors.
Sleek, hot, sexy, contemporary, dark, fashionable, and...delicious?  These are all characteristics of one of the newest, trendiest, and best buffets on the Las Vegas Strip, the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan.. . This ultra modern buffet emerge guests into a whole new buffet experience; one that strays from the typical buffet organization and set up, by serving food in individual sized portions that is jam packed with personality. You'll find fried chicken in mini fryer baskets, macaroni and cheese in small serving pots, string beans in Chinese takeout boxes, and Asian chicken in mini woks. And this only the tip of the iceberg.. . The black and dark woods with dark yellow and amber lit glass accents prevalent throughout, complimented with a fanciful and artful sitting area provides guests with a dining experience that is elegant, yet causal and relaxing. . . There are also multiple tasting stations that allows guest to try some of the unique cuisines with international influences. Stations include: a large dessert area with gelato, cookies, pastries, and chocolate covered strawberries; Asian station with tender Korean story short rib, freshly rolled sushi, and typical Chinese and Asian fare; a fresh fruit, cheeses, salads, and bread station; a live action station that serves custom order mac and cheese for dinner and omelets for brunch; a seafood and fish station; a Latin cuisine influenced section; and  an Italian pizza and pasta station that features delicious gnocchi, smoked ham infused macaroni and cheese, and butternut squash ravioli to die for. There are honestly so many choices that it's impossible to try them all in one sitting.. . From the very kind and attentive service to the delectable and unique fare, this buffet provides guest with a fantastic dining experience that all foodies and buffet enthusiast like me should try.. . This is my favorite buffet in all of Las Vegas and I had a wonderful time testing out all the new cuisines that this one of a kind buffet has to offer.
F.Y.I: As any person from Boston would say, "This buffet is wicked awesome!" And if u ain't from boston then one may describe Wicked Spoon as cool, dope, excellent, off the hook, off the chain, scumpdidliumpcious...or as this Cali girl would say HELLAAAAAAAA TIGHT! Wicked Spoon would make any witch go crazy...All the Disney villains would be too busy grubbin at this buffet, they would totally forget about tryin to kill a princess!  . . Like any person would tell you or any review you read...this line is always long! But regardless if the line snakes around the rails, down the escalator, and posted next to some slot machines...it is worth the wait!! The food is incredible! I love how some of the dishes are served in little skillets and the fried chicken wings in little fryers! This makes it more buffet friendly and you dont have to worry about other people's germs and the number of hands touching the serving spoons! My favorite thing about this place buffet is the dessert area!!! I felt like I was in Willie Wonkee's Bakery (well if he had one)...My eyes lit up and I was definitely in a happy place! I got my money's worth just on dessert alone! . . Everything I tried was deeeeeeelicious...the service was great...the food stations were very clean...and all the people serving food at each station looked so happy to be there! I mean if a bunch a brides were walkin around in their wedding dress...they definitely weren't afraid to get their white dresses dirty while chowin' down on this amazing food! Soooooo hop on that broomstick or click them heels of yours and wish you were at Wicked Spoon because no witch has to stir up a spell to get you here! Bon Appetite Yelpers!
To call this a buffet is not fair, the care, taste, attention to detail of this exquisite venue was surprising.  The chef's have figured out a way to make small dishes on a grand scale.  The foods choices are amazing, I would recommend this to anyone, it rivals the Bellagio without the crazy wait times.
Wicked Spoon is the best buffet I've ever. It's on my top 3 list of buffets to eat at here in Vegas. They have gourmet tapas style food here and everything is made fresh. For the quality of the food at this place, it's totally worth the $35. The Wynn itself is $40 for dinner and it doesn't even top this place. . . I've tried both their lunch and dinner and to me, I liked the dinner more because I enjoyed the dinner choices more. . . The dessert area at this place is SO YUM. They even have gelato with different weird flavors! The PB&J gelato was so yummy and tasted like a real PB&J!! . . Come early or expect to wait around 1-1.5 hrs. But totally worth the wait.
This is the best buffet the I have ever eaten at.  For instance, the orange chicken comes in it's own little chinese take out box.  It is gormet food buffet style.  It is spendy but for those once in a while fine dining experiences, you will get to taste the whole menu that any gourmet restaurant offers.. . I highly recommend this buffet.
Two words: bottomless mimosas! Go for brunch and grab tasty bites like eggs Benedict in mini skillets and chocolate covered strawberries rolled in Heath bar!
There's very little to not love here at Wicked Spoon here, so how bout a good long list of what there IS to love:. . Friendly staff at the front. Fresh prepared salads. Pre-plated items (no germy pans of slop here!). Macaroni & cheese bar. Juicy meats. Knowledgeable staff behind the stations. Mashed potatoes (you have to trust me on this one). Korean short ribs. XO shrimp. BEIGNET STATION!!! (nom x 80000000000). Clever twists on comfort food. Delicious desserts. Gelato Gelato Gelato!. . I think that about covers it. I'd write more, but every time I eat here, I slip into food coma.... . PS: As with all Cosmopolitan locations, I feel compelled to add full disclosure: I work at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, where Wicked Spoon is located. However, as the hotel encourages honesty from its employees, I have been honest in this review. I am also not affiliated with the F&B department.
Avoid during holidays seasons!  I came here during Christmas and the line was ridiculous.  We waited in life for 3 and a half hours. I have no idea how I had the patience to pull that off but every other restaurant was just as long and I've been wanting to try this place.  . . To top it off when we got in line, I had to wait another 15 minutes in line for the meat station and when it got to me, they told me they ran out of the lamb and prime lib and to come back later.  I come back in 10 minutes and I see they have meat again so I wait in line again and once again, they run out again.  I come back for the third time, and this time they've run out of prime rib completely.  I am getting pretty fed up with this place at this point as I waited 4 hours in line total and paid 40 dollars for this and they run out of food.  I don't know if this was their first Christmas because I came to the cosmopolitan last Christmas and didn't notice a buffet but they were soo unprepared.  . . Now why then would I give this place 5 stars?  Because we complained to the manager about this and  the manager was so nice, he gave us complimentary 80 dollar gift card to use anywhere at the cosmopolitan.  now that's what i call customer service : )  Coming back here again when its not so hectic to give the place another try.
O M G !!! So I've heard good things about this buffet. Didn't think I'd get the chance to try it last weekend, but one of the guys in our group wanted to go to a buffet again (we went to the buffet at the Wynn the day before), so we just went with that thought. Sooo glad that he suggested it, haha!. . It was kind of a walk to the actual buffet. Seemed a little far away from everything else in the hotel, but whatevs. You wait in line to pay...& then wait in another line to actually get seated. For a party of 14, we got seated pretty quickly. & our table was near a wall, so we didn't feel squished or anything. . . I absolutely LOVED this buffet! They had a lot to choose from. A few thoughts about some of the dishes:. . + Korean BBQ short ribs were DELISH! :) I even asked for some steamed rice & the worker happily got me some. Thank you!. + Mac & cheese was on point according to my friend who was craving it.. + Pho..I love me some bean sprouts & broth. Add in the sauces, it would've been perfect, haha!. + Salmon..a little on the dry side. But I squeezed a little lemon on it & it was just fine.. + Gelatooooo! :) Strawberry Balsamic was yumm!. + Chocolate covered strawberries..with some oreo crumbs on it. I think I had like 5 of them, haha!. . I was totally satisfied when I left the Wicked Spoon Buffet! I'll definitely be back :)
this is my fave buffet in town!!  great food!!
I heard this buffet wasn't that great, but I had to try it for myself.  All the food was cooked perfectly.  Wide variety of different salads portioned into small bowls.  Deliciously cooked lamb, prime rib, and other wonderful items.  The bone marrow is a little different, but quite tasty.  Deserts are amazing with french macaroons, huge chocolate dipped strawberries, and gelato.
best brunch buffet ever !!
Insanely good. I have grown a little disillusioned with Vegas buffets over the years.  The first time at Bellagio or Wynn buffet is certainly impressive, but after a couple visits its not so much any more.  But this is different and amazing!  They don't simply overwhelm you with beautiful food in large amounts.  The "tapas" style plating was a great touch and makes for a much more pleasant dining experience.  . . The dishes themselves were thoughtful and inventive.  This is the buffet option for foodies.  Our favorites on this winter night included: Gorgonzola red wine risotto with short rib. Asiago gnocchi w lamb ragu.  Spinach salad w bacon vinaigrette.  Custom mac n cheese.  Bourbon creamed corn.  &  Butternut squash ravioli.   We left with determination to perfect a couple of these dishes for home use!. . Service was unobtrusive but efficient.  Drinks got refilled when needed and dirty plates cleared frequently.  Ambiance is plush and sophisticated.. . Like everything else at the Cosmo, this buffet is top notch.  We loved our entire stay at the Cosmo and most definitely will be back here for the Wicked Spoon Buffet.
one of the best buffets ever.  may be pricey but VERY worth it.  tons of chocolate dipped strawberries, large gelato selection and other desserts.  neat place.. . go a little bit early, right before lunch crowd.
The first thing I saw at the Wicked Spoon was a fat, happy man rubbing his belly. . . Nuff said.. . But in case that's not enough info: This is a great buffet. Something about the environment makes you feel welcome and cozy. You have more than enough options, but the layout keeps you from having a deer in headlights overwhelmed feeling, a feeling I often have when confronted with, well, the whole city of Las Vegas, as well as just about every buffet. . . I'm sure the main differentiator was the quality of the food. You're a step up when you go from made to order mac & cheese to prime rib, salads, cheeses, and roasted cauliflower and collared greens... But chicken feet and pig's tail take it to a whole new level. Truffle risotto with winter mushrooms was also great. . Plus dessert. PB&J gelato ftw.. . Everything was superb, service was excellent, everything fresh. Decor is lovely.. Simply: the Cosmo is a great place to be. Its buffet lives up to the hype.
If i didn't have a lot to say about this place I would sum it up a little something like this. :: Bring a Wheel Barrel and make sure you have a room in the Cosmo:: . . This place is AMAZING! A group of friends from out of town and I went here New Years Day. It was 40 bucks..... 40 BUCKS! for all you could eat and bottomless mimosas. Need I say more? Well I Will. lol. . . We arrived around, oh idk, 3:30pm. Super late. We thought we had missed breakfast. We didn't. It was perfect because after we went around scrounging for all the delicious morsels of; Bacon, Eggs (Home made omelets), Chicken & Waffle minis, Ham, Home fries..... (You get the point). They started changing the menu over . So for our second, third, fourth.... helping we were able to feast upon their decadently exquisite dinner entrees. Consisting of mouth watering deliciousness ranging from Shrimp Cocktail - Sushi made to order, beef/chicken corn tacos - Mac & cheese, Chicken Breast - carved roast beef. Then to top it off they have HUGE chocolate covered strawberries set up with over 20 other desert options including an Ice Cream Bar filled with Gelato Ice Creams and sorbets. . . Ok I'm done. I'm Really hungry now. Wicked Spoon anyone?! . . P.S. The Hotel it's in is pretty nice too ;)
In my opinion this is the best buffet in Vegas.  Dinner was $35 per person before tax/gratuity which is very good compared to some larger hotel buffets that charge a lot more (ex. Wynn at $50+ per person after gratuity).. . I've been to this buffet twice and I always suggest it to my friends who go Vegas for a trip.  I love that their food is portioned which is a plus because for one you are in a buffet, no one is going to fight that you must fill your plate with food and don't you hate that your food mixes in the plate?  Well this would help eliminate that problem haha.. . People go to Wynn because of the alaskan crabs? Well, I prefer to eat cooked crabs and Wicked Spoon has that.  It may not be as large but I prefer hot/warm over cold food if I had the choice because to me it just doesn't seem cooked.  Of course, I'm not talking about sushi and what not.  I would prefer raw fish to be cold and raw lol.. . Food selection is good and their dessert selections are even better.  I'm pretty sure any girl who goes to a buffet looks at the dessert sections as their way to rate a buffet and this would have a great rating for it haha.. . Please note that if you arrive in between lunch and dinner, you have to wait until dinner at 5pm lol  we did not know this and had to find other plans as we thought we could do a late lunch.  It was a very depressing first meal of the day as we waited a long time to have food in us.. . Next time we go Vegas, I think we would stay at the Cosmo.  We grew a liking to Marquee and the hotel itself is amazing.. . Cannot wait!!
The Wicked Spoon Buffet has an amazing brunch buffet that far surpassed my expectations.  There was some delicious tri tip, fish, paella, and so much more!  The short ribs were great.  I indulged in the smoked salmon and made myself a bagel with lox. . . The true treasure of this buffet was the dessert section.   My eyes bugged out when I saw this area.  Make sure you allow yourself some room for gelato, chocolate covered strawberries, among various other gourmet pastries.
So I'm not writing any other Vegas reviews but this one. Because no others compare. Wicked Spoon Buffet in the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas is hands down THEEEE buffet of buffets. PROMISE.. . Gourmet everything. Fasted service - the minute your done, someone is there to get your plate. Tastiest food - not ONE item was mediocre. Everything was passed expectations. . . Worth every penny.
Best buffet on the strip! The food is delightful and most of it is served in small portions. I have yet to encounter an item that was subpar. I would love to come back here again!
best buffet in vegas, hands down.. . dinner is better than lunch -- more selection.. . enjoy!
I had a great experience at this Las Vegas buffet. All of the food was amazing! I had just about one of everything and went back several times :) The only down side is that you only get one alcoholic drink with breakfast. I will most definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas and I will likely stay at the Cosmopolitan.
My new favorite buffet in Vegas. It edged out the Bellagio and Wynn buffets. I loved how "classy" this buffet seemed. But who cares about class if you don't like the food. Well, luckily I LOVED the food. Such good flavors. The mac and cheese bar has many options/toppings, and it was great. The bone marrow can't be found at any other buffet. The dishes in their little pots have so much flavor (the risotto, etc). Even the gelato is better than others I've had. I have been craving this buffet ever since I left. I recommend checking it out. About 35 per person for dinner. I thought it was worth it. I got there at 5pm on a Thursday night, and we were one of the first to get in (no line yet). Can't wait to go back!
My favorite buffet in Vegas! I first went to the buffet in the Bellagio and I was disappointed. The Bellagio had low ceilings and decent food. Wicked Spoon has fantastic food with good atmosphere. They have a great desert bar and lots of ethnic foods. Many foods are served in individual containers. The prices are reasonable.. I would say that Wicked Spoon and the Buffet at the Wynn are my two favorite buffets in Vegas
Out of all the buffets I have tried in Vegas, this has got to be among the top 3. What makes this place stand out over the rest is their Tapas(small dish) style plates. They have pre - assembled small plates of delectable goodness from seafood toawesome desserts. They also have a wide variety of desserts including Gelato ice cream.. . Food Highlight: If you have the patience and stamina, I recommend coming here towards the end of lunch so that you can still try the lunch dishes while sitting through till dinner time for different types of dinner items.
This place is definitely a nice change in atmosphere in comparison to some of the other buffets in Vegas.  I love how the dining area is so nicely decorated and can accommodate to larger parties.  But anyways I'm sure people don't come here for the dining area. My husband and I came here for dinner on a Friday and since I had read on yelp that the lines can be long we arrive about 10 min before 5pm (when it opens for dinner).  When we arrived there was about 10 parties in front of us but we were seated quickly.  The food was great and all the workers were very nice and helpful in choosing the dishes.  I hate to admit though that I think the Bellagio Buffet's food is better quality, but the Wicked Spoon's Desserts do kick butt!  I'm a big meat eater and I felt like their carving stations lacked in quality.  Also they have a lot of fillers and food with high carbs.  Not to say that is not expected at buffets but it would be nice if they had a better selection of meats.  One thing I can't deny them of is their dessert bar.  They have a great arrangement of pastries, gelato, cookies, etc. My favorites had to be the Chocolate Covered Strawberries and the Red Velvet White Chocolate Chip Cookies!  Definitely worth trying, ENJOY!
Service here is awesome and the foods are of a higher class then most buffets. The lines can get long. 2 of them...one to pay and one to get in!!! lol. Clean area and tables. Very nice hotel also...If you get to self park, you'll see what I mean. AWESOME SELF PARKING HERE! anyways...food is good but the desert bar is better. The highlight for me. ENDLESS GELATO!!!! hahahaha. lots of other deserts that are amazing and great. Maybe normal for vegas but not normal for a regular buffet. Waiter brings you drinks also so you don't have to worry about that. Kind and helpful service. Excellent choices. Will come back here for a 3rd time...actually anytime I'm in vegas, I should be eating here one day. Just try to come before 12-1pm...lines are crazy. Never had dinner, not sure what they serve, but lunch and breakfast is great. Try the mac and cheese before you go..its in that small little silver pot. :)
Best buffet ever! The price may be a bit steep but for the quality and the diverse choice of food you get, it's worth it. Plus the interior lives up to "Vegas standard" (aka flashy and alluring!)
Best. Buffet. Ever. . . Recently 21, I've been to Vegas three times and ate here at least once every time. Not only is it reasonably priced, but the food is amazing. My favorites include the pecan crusted french toast with a basket of fried chicken wings, the Korean BBQ, fried rice, and the gelato bar. On the weekends, for an extra $15 or $20 you have a choice of bottomless mimosas, champagne, or bloody marys.. . Don't forget to pay first then stand in line (might look confusing). And it's probably best to get there when you're feeling reasonably hungry because the average wait is about an hour long. GO! You won't regret it.
$35 bucks!  . . It's worth it! Just check out all the unique ways your food and dishes are presented to you.  . . Also, consider the wait time, this buffet is almost no wait every time I went so far.  I have been to this 3 times.  My longest wait time was 5 minutes to get seated after payment.  . . This is a must try buffet in Vegas!  Can you say, save some room for dessert?  Look around before getting too much food on your plates!
The food is da winnahs. I don't care to much for buffets because the food is usually ok or crappy. This place's food quality is great. I will be eating here again.
This place is pretty insane. I have been to heaps of Las Vegas buffets and this one is tops in my book.. . I signed up tor the players card because we were staying there and we recieved a free buffet in doing so. We also received resort credit for booking online, soooo that equaled two free buffets for my wife and I. We could have enjoyed this just as much at full price.. . As I hope you already know the Cosmo's decor is eye candy. So walking through hotel to get to the buffet is an adventure in itself with many art installations to entertain you along the way. The buffet room itself is also very well decorated with TVs offering fun info about the foods you are eating. As we all know life is in the details and this is where the Wicked Spoon Buffet shines. The vessel for coffee cream for example, is a small steel milk carton. This is just one of the many neat little containers that is used here. My wife loves these types of things. That is one way this place is different from most of it's kind. The dishes are already portioned into these cool little holders for you to just grab and bring back to your table. No messy trays to scoop out of, no taking too much, just enough to try and if you like get another one. Plus it helps with your table neatness until the busboy arrives.. . The food selections were both unique and traditonal at the same time. Crab legs were present, warm and deliciously served with drawn butter. There was a carving station with bone marrow, among other things. Fried chicken in mini fryer baskets. Spare ribs and miso soup and edamame. A mac and cheese bar replaces the omelet station for lunch. I could go on and on.. . . The desert area was huge. A solid ten flavors of house made gelato. Every killer pastry under the sun. The largest chocolate covered strawberrys I have ever seen and marshmallows on a stick dipped in chocolate and rolled in butterfinger or something like that. Pretty nice.. . The service was on point. So bravo to the Cosmo for this. Just one more thing they are doing well in Vegas. Visit this place if you haven't already
This review is for their BRUNCH.. . This is the second brunch that my wife and I attended this past weekend in Vegas(the other was at Paris, which I have also reviewed) during our getaway. From the front door on the strip you walk through a lot of the hotel, but it is very nice. The decor, artwork, and look of this place is very interesting. Once we finally got to the buffet, I could see why people like it. Their presentation stands out and is quite different from every other Vegas buffet I have been too(I've been to more than 10 others. No, not in one trip). I liked the little dishes, baskets, and Chinese takeout containers some of the food was portioned/served in. The food is good, diverse, creative, and plentiful. I barely made it from one end to the other(it took me 2.5 plates) with room to spare for the sweets(a full little plate plus small ice cream dish), which my wife told me we had to try from the moment we sat down. There is also some interesting people watching to be done here, which I never really noticed at any of the other buffets. Service wasn't extraordinary, but it didn't suck either. We were here on Sunday morning just before or around noon, and we waited maybe 5 minutes before we were in and seated. Our favorites were the al pastor tacos, smoked salmon, fried chicken, Korean ribs, and dessert. You could taste different herbs and spices in the chicken and it was well seasoned and juicy. The garlic & tabasco mac & cheese was good too. The sheer numbers and variety of their desserts was impressive, as was the taste of whatever it was I ate( I know I had a cheese something, lemon ice cream, fudge, and a couple other colorful creations). Overall another good dining experience. As I stated in my Paris brunch review, I don't know which of these 2 are better. Maybe presentation here gives it a slight edge? Either way, we left here full and pleased!
Went here on a Saturday morning.  Saw the recommendations on Yelp and thought we would give it a try.  I like the Rio, Mirage, Bellagio, and Caesar's Buffets.  Wicked Spoon is far better than those.  . . First off this was our first time to Cosmopolitan.  We drove here from the Rio where we were staying.  It took about ten minutes to get a parking spot and to the restaurant from our hotel which was impressive for Vegas on a Saturday.  We drove in on Harmon which connects on the west side of I15 now, found a parking spot right by the garage elevator and the elevator dumps you out in the casino, the escalators is right there to take you to the buffet.. . We stood in line for about 10 minutes before they seated us.  The place is decorated beautifully.  I started with a apple cinnamon muffin and honey yogurt with granola, both were amazing.  I went back for the mac n cheese, butternut squash raviolis and some salad, all of it was awesome.  At the end I made my way to the dessert area.  Everything looked so good.  The gelatos were so flavorful.  I highly recommend the salted peanut flavor.. . Although I'm not a big fan of buffets since I don't get my money out of them being a vegetarian, I do go eat at one on each trip to Vegas.  Wicked Spoon is now my buffet of choice.
Came here for weekend brunch and I have to say, I really did love it. Their food selection was spectacular and they had the most amazing dessert bar. I mean, macarons, at a buffet? I am currently trying to lose some weight for my wedding but I'm not crazy enough to pass up an offer like that.. . Later on, as I had already devoured an entire plate of dessert, I found the tacos. I wish I had found them sooner because they were so delicious. Just thinking about it makes me hungry
**WEEKDAY BRUNCH $22**. . My new favorite buffet on the Strip! I was so impressed by the creativity of the food as well as the flavors. I loved that many of the dishes were small plated creations instead of just a big vat of orange chicken for you to scoop. Here are some highlights:. . -- free mimosa, bloody mary, or champagne. I enjoyed the mimosa; refreshing, just enough booze.. -- short rib eggs benedict is AWESOME. I must say that I make a pretty mean eggs benedict, and I have never been impressed with a buffet's version until now. Savory, cooked perfectly.. -- sweet potato and pork hash is tasty with a nice kick.. -- angry mac and cheese is fantastically creamy with a hint of tabasco on the finish.. -- asiago-stuffed gnocchi is hearty but the real star of the dish is the brussels sprouts. Cheesy and SO YUMMY.. -- butternut squash ravioli in brown butter with pumpernickel croutons is fabulous with great layering of flavors.. -- fried rice with Chinese sausage: homey and delicious.. -- gelato: pistachio and raspberry are both outstanding.. -- strawberry shortcake: one of those layered desserts in a little clear cup. Beautiful presentation. Strawberry meringue on top adds a nice crunch but not too much. Super delicious; I wanted to eat three.. . Definitely a winner! Didn't break the bank and there was no line at 11am on Tuesday. Will definitely be back.
We went to The Wicked Spoon, located in the Cosmopolitan, kind of tucked away from everything else. We went for their breakfast Buffet which is 22$ per person, not at all an awful price. It includes your choice of drink, including champagne, mimosas or a bloody mary. I'm not a drinker but I tried a bit of the boyfriend's mimosa, while some would probably love it. I'm not one of those people. But the buffet I enjoyed. . . I tried to keep my head and only take little bits of EVERYTHING. One of the favorite things on my plate was the salted caramel pancake. It was a very subtle flavor but so good. In mini deep frying baskets (decoration only) they had fried chicken, recalling my good time at Hash House, I picked one up. The chicken was crispy and individual portion (I like when they do that so I can just sample-literally the night before I said I wish they would individually portion things so I know how much to eat) and so moist on the inside. Then there was the long line of sausages, homemade italian, chicken sausage, sausage patties, bacon, slab bacon, etc. It was overwhelming, I tried to take one piece of each. Slab bacon was a little bit more fatty than regular bacon, while I can see why people like it, it reminds me of ham, which I do not like but it was okay. Then buffets confuse me because it's like they have no concept of time, next to the breakfast food there is also pasta in small dishes and pizza, sushi, chinese food and dessert. I really enjoyed everything I ate, got full really quickly. How I wish I had tupperware on me...to steal food...what? It's not like you wouldn't do it too.. . On to the more important part, the dessert. I had a molten lava cake sitting in its individual pot with caramel at the bottom. It wasn't incredibly molten but it was so delicious. I practically licked it clean. I also had a chocolate covered strawberry which seemed to have toffee pieces on the side. Then a chocolate mousse inside of a chocolate bowl, topped with fruit. All of it was delicious. I even had a little bit of mango gelato from their gelato bar. Overall I can see how they would easily get crowded really fast. But they were amazing from start to finish.. . Also don't want to stick around? 16$ you can do a take out meal. Mind you, you don't get the full effect of the whole buffet atmosphere, you can't exactly come back for seconds, thirds, tenths, whatevers. But it's cheaper and I imagine might be easier during their busy hours.. . So the tips:. Eat small bits of everything, your stomach and tastebuds will thank you.. Try to go early or late, but avoid the rush.. Make sure you save room for dessert.
I loved this place, great food! This buffet had me and my boys full ALL DAY!  Definitely a must stop when I hit Vegas now!
Damn straight! Hands down the BEST buffet I've hit in Las Vegas. Housed right in the incredibly swanky Cosmopolitan Hotel and Resort (note to self: stay there next year) the food matches the vibe... all for a pretty fantastic price (only $22 for lunch).. . First off, the food is pretty spot on! I had blackened Cod and rice (perfectly flakey), bacon (good bacon not Costco pre cooked bacon), salad, mac and cheese, smoked salmon, sausage, Kalbi (yes Kalbi... my love for K-BBQ was fulfilled), and of course some fantastic dessert... gelato, macrons, pecan tart, chocolate covered strawberries, and apple cobbler. A bit much? Then again it is Vegas, I can always come back to my diet when I come home. The food was presented tapas style, small plates and mini pots. Overall it's got some serious character. This was a fantastic buffet and well worth the price of admission. . . The place is cute, the decor is nice and feels kinda swanky... sans the swanky price.. . I would go back again... and hey, next time I come round Vegas side, the Cosmo is where I'll stay.... . 5 best-Vegas-buffet-by-far stars out of 5
So glad we came here! Everything was soo yummy! And all you can drink Mimosa's and Bloody Mary's!!! : )
The buffet in Bellagio's has always been my absolutely favorites and now I can say Wicked Spoon has become my new favorites!!!. . What make a buffet good is not only does it has to provides wide selection but it better taste good. And this is what I see in Wicked Spoon Buffet, lot of yummy food and it's delicious. The cutest part is their presentation of the food is absolutely adorable. . . If you are in Vegas, you gotta check out this buffet!
This place cost me 37.50 to eat, but I think it was totally worth the 20, 10, 7 dollar bills and 50 cent change!!! The dessert was great! It had a cheese section, a bread section, a salad section...along with your typical Asian cuisine section and your red meat american section! I would definitely keep coming back....whenever I go back to Vegas.....
Words can't even describe how much I love this place. If I could give it more than 5 stars, I would, because it is off the charts!. . I am a sucker for presentation, and at Wicked Spoon, all the different kinds of foods are already portioned and amazingly presented for you, allowing you to try more things than you probably would at a typical buffet. I love the huge variety here - from Asian food to amazing breakfasts (I came here for brunch) to drool-worthy dessert selection.... . This is the one place I look forward to going to every time I think of Vegas.
I love you Wicked Spoon! ugh...they are my favorite buffet of all buffets! My sister got to experience it for the first time, for her birthday. That girl can eat so this place was perfect for her! The set is so upscale. At least to me. Pretty upscale for a buffet. Upscale buffet? Nice.... . We also got a nice bottle of red wine as well for $20. We just had to celebrate that way. . . I tried their mushroom truffle, their lobster pasta, and I freaked when I found out they had a mac and cheese station! Yes, i went a little crazy at the mac and cheese station. . . This time, I was able to REALLY try the dessert table. The ice cream and pastry chef was so friendly, fun, and enthusiastic! He helped us pick an ice cream and suggested some great things. So here's the scoop on the ice cream flavors (haha! scoop! pun was intended):. . blood orange-if you like grapefruit it tastes like grapefruit. Not strong grapefruit. a mild grapefruit.. . biscotti-tastes like a biscotti and is super delish! it goes GREAT with their molten lava cake.. . almond joy-need i say more? i thought so... . that's it! get crazy here guys! it's well worth it!
We stayed at Vdara and were looking for a good, close-by place for brunch/lunch after a long night out. This place was PERFECT -- exactly what we were looking for. If you can stand to wait in the line (there was actually two, one line to pay (~$30 per person) and one line to get a table), it is totally worth it. The best buffet we had on the strip with delicious food.. . Most buffets just seem to throw a little of everything out and only make it mediocre, this place is totally different as everything comes in personalportions made in front of you. We caught the tail end of breakfast as the food was transitioning into lunch (the way to do it, in my opinion!) so we got to try everything!. . Lastly, the dessert bar is just amazing. Try and save some room for it, but it will be hard!. . Tip: If you're coming from Vdara/Aria/Citycenter, this place can be a little hard to navigate to. Walk outside, and down to the street level side of The Cosmopolitan under the tram and go in the side entrance where the limos arrive. Then follow signs up to the upper floors and Wicked Spoon.
It's not about quantity with the brunch/lunch buffet, but it is about the quality. I haven't been happier with a quality buffet for $22.00 ever. We went on a weekday and actually savored the food. I'm known for ground and pound on some of buffets, but this was not one of those times. Almost everything comes in its own serving dish, bowl, etc., so that means less mess too. I got a complimentary Bloody Mary with the meal (you get that or a Mimosa). . . The salad bar has quite a few choices. We tried their Caesar, and a few others. All were tasty and really fresh. They had some amazing salami's, and Italian meats, as well as shrimp cocktail that is portioned out with two shrimp and sauce. . . The fried chicken wings were crispy, yet juicy and perfectly seasoned. The red beans and rice were flavorful and brought back memories of Louisiana. The fish was perfectly prepared, moist yet cooked thoroughly.  The Asiago stuffed gnocchi was amazing. The macaroni and cheese was exceptional with bread crumbs on top. The only thing I wasn't too amazed with was their Chinese food, so pass on that.. . The dessert bar is crazy. They have 18 flavors of gelato and you can ask for really small scoops to maximize your tasting adventure. . . This was the best buffet I've had in Vegas for the price.
My family was a little hesitant to go try Wicked Spoon since we hadn't been to a buffet in years (parents claimed that we don't eat nearly enough to constitute a buffet to be "worth it").  However, I had heard great things about this place and I was dying to go!  So, I finally managed to convince them to go around noon on a Wednesday.  Fairly short line (after all, it was mid-week).  For $22 a person, let's just say even my grandma insisted she had ate her money's worth.  You even get a free mimosa/champagne/bloody mary in that price, but we didn't take advantage of that.. . There is a WIDE variety of food options that are all pretty amazing: prime rib, sushi, eggs benedict, different fish (cod and smoked salmon), etc.  However, what was even better than the food was the dessert.  OMG OMG OMG.  I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but boy, these desserts were amazing.  I had so many servings of the gelato that I'm pretty sure the guy scooping the gelato was wondering how much gelato we could eat.  And the mini desserts were cute and perfectly portioned so that we could try EVERYTHING.  I cannot wait to go feast there again!  :)
not a huge buffet person. People always want to eat buffets in Vegas and its the same mediocre crap shoveled into a tray left under a heating lamp till refilled.. . Wicked spoon was our 2nd buffet of the trip and I was a little unenthusiastic over the thought of more crap food in large quantities.. . Wicked spoon is a GREAT buffet. Probably the best I've ever been to. Service was pure crap and I never got my ginger ale but whatever. The food is served on little individual dishes perfect for a small tasting so you don't fill up your plate and stomach with bleh food.. . I definitely suggest checking this place out. The food is actually delicious, its cheaper than bellagio buffet and the atmosphere is like a real restaurant. Also the chefs behind the food are helpful and extremely friendly (gluten allergies)
Sometimes I have dreams about eating at the Wicked Spoon and can't help but claim that this is truly the best buffet that I have ever been to.  There is some pretty stiff competition when it comes to buffet dinning in Vegas, but this place hands down takes the cake!  Love having various food stations offering petite portions of delicacies from around the world.  Presentation of each dish was splendid.  Specialty items are served in specific vessels to give you that high class dinning experience with out the pretentiousness.  The quality of the food is everything you could ask for and beyond.  The attention to detail from the taste, temperature, presentation, and service was spot on, which is why this five star rating should be honored.  Who knows... I might just end up taking a quick round trip flight straight back to the Wicked Spoon if the cravings start to reach a certain level of intensity:)
I have to come here again when I've starved myself for at least a day. Everything I had here was delicious and the portions were perfect. Only $22 for lunch so it's an excellent deal for Vegas. Had a burger for about that much at Holstein's, also at the Cosmo.
This buffet is a must-try!  See for yourself!
We went to the brunch on a Thursday in early April right when it opened at 8 am.  We were second in line.  When we left around 9:45 am there was still no line.  So I think it's a safe bet that you can easily get in before 10 am without waiting.. . The decor is very modern and upscale.  We preferred the decor of the Wynn buffet, but everyone has their own individual taste.  We're in our 50's, so the WS decor might appeal to a younger customer.  We noticed that the tables seemed to be rather close to each other compared to other buffets.. . Our server was very attentive.  He checked back with us at least 5-6 times during the course of our meal.. . It was surprised to see customers eating a banana, toast, or a box of cereal at this buffet.  For $22, take advantage of the fantastic selection of brunch foods.. . I tried out small samples of many different breakfast items.  My husband and I split the larger items.  We loved everything we tried with the exception of the Korean short ribs (too tough) and slab bacon.  The pecan french toast was especially yummy.  Our favorites were the scrumptious bakery treats.  They were flaky and beautifully prepared.. . Conclusion:  This was the 5th buffet we tried out during our stay.  It was tied with the breakfast buffet at the Wynn as the best.  I would highly recommend the Wicked Spoon.  Everything about it is gourmet.
Yay for Yelp - I never would have found this otherwise.  Wicked Spoon puts all the other budgets to shame. No, you can't do everything perfectly at a buffet that feeds thousands everyday, but almost everything was awesome.  Succulent lamb, amazing veggies and raviolis with goat cheeses were highlights. I went for brunch 2 days in a row w/bottomless  mimosas.  Service was great too. Highly recommended!
In noticing that many of the reviews for this place come from frequent "Vegaseers," I wanted to drop some knowledge from the other end of the spectrum.  . . I've been to Las Vegas only twice.  That's two times.  One, two times.  The first was over New Years (and don't even get me started on the ridiculous omg-I-like-so-totally-almost-died bit).  The point is, my friends and I were searching for a both delicious and memorable way to usher in the new year.  Thanks to the magic of smart phones and Yelp, we ended up deciding on The Wicked Spoon.  It was the mac and cheese bar that pushed us over the edge into spoon territory after a sweat-inducing process of elimination.. . When we got there, the line was kind of long, but what do you expect on New Year's Eve in one of the biggest party towns in the nation?  But the wait and the $40-ish that we had to deal with were quickly wiped from my memory as soon as I put the first wicked spoonful into my mouth.. . The food is incredible.  I've been to great buffets before, but this one ran circles around even the revered Castaway in Burbank, CA.  And it's not just the taste, but the variety of food.  I've never seen such a spread prepared with such care for the culinary arts.  That sounds cheesy, and avoiding all possible "cheese" puns right now, I'm just gonna say that every bite of food literally felt crafted with a love for cooking.  It's true.  And as excited as I was for the mac and cheese bar, I hardly even had any of it.  I was too busy trying small helpings of, well, everything.  They have fresh beef and chicken that they slice off the bone for you, and it's juicier than most fine restaurants I've been to.  The potatoes are ridiculous.  And even the pita and hummus was something I went back for.. . And the desserts.... Oh, the desserts.  Where to begin?  The chocolate covered strawberries.  This is coming from someone who worked at Godiva for a year and personally hand-dipped berries every morning.  The strawberries are amazing.  Dipped in chocolate and then rolled in either peanuts or Oreos, they're just so fresh.  And a huge selection of mini raspberry cheesecakes, apple pies, eclairs, dulce de leche... Saving room for dessert is a challenge in itself, but well worth the grueling effort.. . So needless to say, on my second trip to Las Vegas this past weekend, The Wicked Spoon was at the top of our list for a Saturday night dinner.  Vegas is a city filled with chance takers, but I'd rather gamble with my money than with my stomach.  The Wicked Spoon was sunshine and fairies and care bears and Chuck Norris in food form, so why try anything new and risk disappointment?
One of the most spectacular Buffets you can ever experience, even by Las Vegas standards.. . I honestly don't think there was a dish that I didn't like, and I certainly tried to try them all.  Some items were standard-fare that were delicious without any particular twist to them, like the Korean BBQ short-ribs, but that doesn't earn you the coveted 5th star, it really was the unique items that did it for me.  Items like the Wicked mac-&-cheese and Wicked fried chicken have a unique, delicious twist to them. Here's a tip: if you see something that is served on its own little special container, try it!. . And of course, the desserts, oh my god the DESSERTS!!! A magical medley of tiny-portioned gourmet cakes, souffles, pastries, fudges, cookies, and if that isn't enough they've got like 12 different flavors of gelato.
We got here around 1, had a table of 10, and the wait wasn't as long as we expected. The line was long but went by fairly quickly. Is there anything else to get but the mimosa/bloody mary/champagne brunch buffet? Unlimited mimosas, bloody mary's or champagne! Our server kept 'em coming too. Superb service!. . Best presentation out of all the buffets I've been to! Quality of all the food was outstanding, and their dessert selection was drool-worthy. I usually complain when a buffet doesn't have crab legs or creme brulee. This buffet had neither (at least for brunch), BUT I didn't mind because everything else made up for it!. . I recommend:. Korean BBQ ribs (my fave), goat cheese ravioli, angry mac & cheese, NY strip steak, lamb, corn on the cob (this was surprisingly extreeemely popular. If you see some, grab one!). . ...and for dessert:. gelato (my fave is pistacchio), tiramisu, and chocolate covered strawberries (some are sprinkled with toffee or oreos too!)
It's the best on the strip so far! My husband and I had a brunch buffet right after we landed, and we got blown away how great the food quality was. And then we go again 2 days later for dinner buffet, it was still as satisfying. We love everything they offered on the buffet table, the entrees were put in individual containers so that you don't over-eat one particular item. This is very good because we could make sure that we have enough room to try everything in a right portion.. . The dessert was awesome too. They have 18 different flavors for gelato, and every other dessert items were all awesome. They have macaroons, and the chocolate desserts are very very rich and lovely. The pastry during the brunch time was very delicious and great flaky texture. . . The prime rib was the bomb. We ate many pieces. The carving chef was polite and nice. We told him medium well and he didn't hesitate and put the meat on the grill to grill it to medium well. Sometimes we don't need the meat to be grilled and get to have a medium well piece right off the chunk. The meat tasted so good either grilled or not grilled. The meat quality itself determined the flavor already and they did put a nice quality of meat out there. . . They also have a bottle of water on the table so you can have refill without waiting for the server. The water tasted very fresh and good too.. . It's a very impressive buffet and we love it. We will go back there again and again!
wow. the coveted 5 star review. i dont give out these willy nilly..... . especially for a buffet. i mean i think maybe outside of the M, the highest a vegas buffet would get from me was 4 stars... (and thats even after living in hednerson/green valley/silverado ranch/las vegas for 7 years before moving back to san diego). . here's why the wicked spoon stands out IMO - . . the GRUB:. - tapas style portions! genius concept IMO - because you wont have those peeps at the buffet shoveling mounds of shrimp cocktail and mac n cheese like its going out of style - the portions are reasonably prepared, presented and tastefully done in deliciously satisfying tapas dishes. if you want more, you would need to get up and get another serving.... imagine that, an all you can eat buffet without peeps thinking that they should get it all on just one run.... - highlights: herb crusted tri tip, blackened cod fillets, korean bbq short ribs, angry mac n cheese, grilled corn cobettes, sushi, and shrimp cocktail shots. - desserts were awesome - my faves: chocolate dipped strawberries, gelato from the case, and petite dessert cups. - bottles spring water table side was a nice touch. . the JOINT:. - clean and very modern art decor. - plenty of friendly staff to seat and serve you. - open kitchens. . the SQUEEZE:. - $22 p/person on a saturday lunch. not bad at all! actually it pretty much is a steal for a vegas buffet of this caliber.. - cash and card accepted. - love its location at the cosmopolitan. . FINAL SAY:. the very low price, the flavorful food, and the tapas concept and presentation are all ingredients IMO for a stellar vegas buffet experience - 5 stars!
Love the small plate concept, instead of the steam table. Everything tends to get mixed together at buffets,and the small plates help stop that . Everything tasted great. They even have Gelato for dessert.  There was no wait  for lunch in the middle of the week. Service sucked, but it is included in the price, so no stars lost for that.
When my friend told me the best food in Vegas came from a Buffet, I would have not believed her at first.. . This is by far the best buffet food I've ever had. I would be reluctant to even call this a buffet, but more of a a-la-cart of some of the most freshest food I have experienced.. . Walking through the cosmopolitan is quite the task, as there are some interesting interactive art pieces. Come early, because if you don't, you'll end up standing for a long time. The cost for this experience is about 23 and some change. . . After paying you'll need to get in another line to be seated. You probably won't wait longer than 10-15 minutes to be seated.. . Once you get seated you will be engulfed in a huge brightly lit room with a lot of brown, orange, black, and red in the room. It's beautifully decorated and gives you plenty to look at. The waiter we got was very friendly and was joking with us. We ordered our drinks and then moved into the large landscape of food paradise.. . The food is similarly grouped in each section. The left starts with light and fresh food like greens, fish, fruit, and a few breakfast items. Then when you progress to the right you'll see pasta, meats, breads, Asian cuisine, and lastly deserts.. . I picked up some greens, smoked salmon, biscuits and gravy, and a fruit parfait.. . The greens were delicious and fresh. The asparagus had a smoky flavor with olive oil, and the salmon tasted as if they fed the fish bacon. It was my first time eating smoked salmon and since then has got me hooked. The biscuits and gravy were by far the best I have ever ate. The biscuits were soft, flaky and buttery. Gravy was spot on with fresh bits of sausage. The parfait was good too. It had honey on the bottom with some berries mixed in.. . I recommend not eating all of the small dishes and maximize your food experience by trying all kinds of different food.. . I could keep listing more things that I have tried but you would be stuck reading this review.. . The service was great because of our server. He wasn't pushy and always knew when we needed refills or if the dishes needed to be cleared off.. . Come here with an empty stomach and leave happy with a full stomach.. . This food is some of the best freshest food you'll find in a buffet. This isn't your typical fried food under a heating lamp.. . Well worth the cost, quality, and choice for your dining experience. If I could eat here everyday, I would.
For $27 bucks you get all you could ever want for breakfast/lunch and you can put together your own little dessert plate (which will look like it should cost $20 by itself somewhere else in Vegas). Flame Grilled Pork was awesome....Go...then sleep and then GO again the next day...... We did get there about 10:15am on a Saturday....only about 10 mins of a wait. Don't get there at 12:00pm....it looked like about an hour wait or more....2 long lines - one to pay and another to be seated. Don't think it was moving very fast as my girlfriend and I ate for almost 2 hours. People ahead of you eating won't be in a hurry to leave.....Get there early and then have fun....
The food is great, all I do is eat the beef. . The desserts are also great
Ok, so seven of us whipped up here to Vegas to have fun & enjoy some more of the great Buffets on the Strip in an effort to single out the very best of the many.  The problem though was that after biting our way through the ones at Bellagio day before yesterday & Wynn yesterday, which were both terrific, where to go from there??. . Well, today did not disappoint!  In fact, I wasn't alone in deciding that this incredible place is just absolutely tops of all Buffets we've tried in Vegas so far, or anywhere for that matter!!     :-)). . With that said, let's go ahead & clear up a couple of the misstatements in other reviews here:. . *  No, the Brunch (8 AM to 2 PM weekdays) Buffet isn't $27, $40, or any of the other misquoted prices.  Did these people actually eat here??     :-O. . *  No, the Chinese veggies aren't tough here!  Those were soybeans, & you eat the beans, not the shell!  (I hope she didn't try the scallops!)     :-O. . Ok, let me get on to saying that this place is just AWESOME BEYOND AWESOME!  Whether we're talking about gourmet specialties such as the Crispy Morrocan Chicken, the terrific Salume appetizer, the best-you-ever-tasted gelato for dessert, or the "ordinary" items eaten in between, such as sausages, fried chicken, "homemade" bacon, & so on, I found every bite of the food in this place to absolutely top drawer, as was the atmosphere, the comfort, & the service, & everything else.  Every bite of everything here was just delicious, & even the WATER was special!  Can you imagine?. . Weekday Brunch Buffet:  170 items plus sauces & dressings, $22 (including Champagne or a cocktail if you like).. . THIS ONE'S THE CAT'S MEOW !!     :-))
Amazing! Portions are just right for each entree, they were all delicious, service was friendly, atmosphere was good. I ate so much food that I barely remember what I ate, but the most memorable one I ate were the Chocolate Covered Strawberries!
Great food as well as great atmosphere.
Talk about indulgence by the masses... this place gets 5 stars and every last bit of it! One of the higher priced buffets in town but trust me, it's definitely worth every pretty penny.. . This place did not stink of cheap buffet but rather had the delightful aroma of fine dining. Presentation of what they offered was what struck me the most. Each item was considerately placed into their own little plates instead of piled in a big heaping glutinous mess. Every bit of this buffet from salads to starters and savory main courses to desserts were planned to a tee.
My research is not complete.  When I move to Vegas, I'm hitting this place up AGAIN.. . My family came here for my grandfather's 75th birthday.  If you're planning on bringing a large group, contact sales on their website.  We ended up going with a public table, but they do have private rooms available.. . I'd suggest fasting long before you come here.  Why?  Because you'll want to eat everything there and it would suck if you don't have room for it all.  . . I think I figured out the secret to this place.  Ihad four or five plates... maybe more, the food coma kicked in and I can't remember.  Instead of being lumped together in one dish, sitting out forever and a day, the food is put out in small portions.  The plates aren't very big, so you can't pile everything on.  Maybe you could, but I don't recommend doing so.  So at most, you probably grab like 4 or 5 things.  You eat that, then make the trek back to the buffet.  Lather, rinse, repeat.. . I'm a water drinker, so I was very happy at the water bottles on the table.  This is a busy place, I thought it was great that I didn't have to try and flag someone down for a refill!. . Save room for dessert.  Seriously, don't think about skipping it, you'll hate yourself.
This is hands down the best buffet I've ever been to. I am a pretty "light" eater compared to most... but the food was so above my expectations, I had to get my moneys worth when I came here. . . I'll be honest, for a buffet the food is EXTRAORDINARILY good.  For a "restaurant" (with high end, five star, fine dinings taken into account) the food is PRETTY good. . . Get there early, with lots of time to let your food digest so you can go for more than just rounds 1 and 2. What's great is that Wicked Spoon portions out a lot of the items so you don't have to think about it. You can get the "tasting" portion or go back for more and more and more.
One of the best buffets in Vegas! We gave it a try on a whim. Fresh food. Great variety and presentation. Fresh mussels, fried chicken, BLT salad, Mac n cheese, sushi, gelato bar. Great ambiance - less sloppy rif raf than the usual buffet scene. It doesn't feel like typical Vegas buffet. High class and price same as other buffets.
love love LOVE!!!!!!! . I'm officially under the spell of the Wicked Spoon. I love the small portions and the whimsy of the mini pots and fryer baskets. It makes you not load up on a particular thing so you have room to enjoy the other things they've prepared. Not your average buffet fare of crusty eggs, bacon, and packaged salad. The food is very unique and ever changing, so if you go two days in a row you'll definitely have different things. I appreciate that. They even changed out some items while we sat. Definitely go for the all-you-can-drink package for $8 more. The drinks aren't strong at all, but it's still not a bad deal. . I really enjoyed eating here and will come again, perhaps it will be my only buffet stop in Vegas!
I am not a buffet person, so I try to avoid going to buffets in general. But it being Vegas I thought I'd try one of the highly rated ones.... . So let me just tell you up front. Wicked Spoon is GREAT. Tucked away in the back of The Cosmopolitan, it was a hidden gem for a foodie on a budget. The food matched the modern and beautiful decor. For only $29.00 for weekend brunch, you definitely get your money's worth. When you eat, try to tally up the price each dish would normally be worth out in the real world. It will quickly add up to more than what you've paid for.. . Each dish is served in small taster portions, and are unique. There was goat cheese ravioli. Chicken apple sausages. The most amazing pancake (in my friends' and my opinion.) Galbee (Korean short ribs). Mussells cooked in a basil garlic sauce. Fresh fruits, fresh breads. Fried chicken that had a light breading with a hint of spice that was definitely tasteful. Prosciutto pizza. Any salad you could possibly want. Lamb, prime rib, pork ribs. Pasta with sweet tomato sauce and spices. Small take out boxes containing unique asian noodles. Seriously, my friends and I scrambled to get as much on our plates as possible before the 3:00 closing time. And I hear that Wicked Spoon changes up its menu, so the choices are always different each visit. . . And the dessert. Oh. my. goodness. Definitely leave room for dessert. Freshly baked apple cobbler, and fresh baked fudge brownie! There was even a man working the gelato area, working to serve each individual with their orders. Almond joy gelato, vanilla bean gelato, mint chocolate gelato, and the list goes on... I don't even like eating sweets, but everything had the right amount of sugar; not too sweet.. . Wicked Spoon wants you to be able to enjoy ALL their food, and they have a smart, strategic method to do it: 1) using small portions, and 2) giving just the right amount of flavor & savorness so your pallette isn't overwhelmed.
My favorite buffet EVER!!! I've been dreaming about this buffet even back to LA.
So there were two lines -- one to pay, which was moving by quickly, and another to get seated, this one not so quick.  Fortunately, after paying, when the hostess asked how many were in our party (10) and if we were all present (yes), she just had us stand off to the side and had us seated within about 5 minutes.  Possibly they have a separate section of the dining area reserved for larger parties and there was already a table open.  Came up!. . Now onto the food.  There was a huge variety of deliciousness and lots of unique items that aren't normally found at a buffet (korean bbq short ribs and edamame anyone?).  Not only that, but the presentation was unique and the portion sizes were perfect!  Just enough to try everything, without wasting food if I didn't like it.  One thing I LOVED was the goat cheese ravioli -- went back for 2 more helpings!  I also paid extra for the unlimited champagne/mimosa/bloody mary's and the waitstaff was always there for a refill!  I was only slightly disappointed that there weren't any macarons in the dessert section (maybe only offered at dinner?) but the pecan tart and salted caramel gelato (in a waffle bowl to boot!) more than made up for it.  Great experience here.
I am normally not a huge fan of buffets as I believe in general they overcharge and offer "average" food, alluring to those with greedy appetites. . . With that said, my fiancee had seen rave reviews on Korean site regarding this buffet so we decided to check it out with our friends. Outcome - An absolutely outstanding buffet that doesn't feel like a buffet. . . Interior - stunning! Service - Impeccable! Selection of Food - Amazing! For $22 or something like that, this place is an absolute steal! Where else can you have amazing bacon, french toast, korean BBQ, kimchi, sushi, granola/yogurt, salad, etc and then finish it all off with gelato, cakes, chocolate covered strawberries?
I can only recommend this restaurant. It was the best buffet that I've had in Vegas. I was a bit hesitant to go there as I had read mixed reviews about this place but I have no regrets at all and we even went back twice. It was that good! I loved the selection of food that they offered, especially the grilled caramelized shrimps and the kobe beef! The waitress was very attentive as well. We really enjoyed our dinner there everytime we went.
Nicer decor than bellagio--place mats, mood lighting, chandeliers, wood accents. Inventive menu and portioning, which you've probably read all about in the other reviews. Impressive salumi. Delicious bone marrow. Tender mussels cooked to order in flavored butter--oh SO tender. Crab legs that, fortunately, aren't still frozen (bellagio's often are). passion fruit macaroons. Gelati. . . Like bellagio, laughable sushi offerings. Oh well. I didn't come to Vegas to eat sushi. . . A quick note re lamb: of the highly-rated vegas buffets that come to mind immediately (bellagio, Wynn, studio b at m resort, and this), wicked spoon and bellagio are the only ones serving leg of lamb on weekdays; none serve rack of lamb except bellagio on weekends. rack of lamb is the only reason I make a trip to bellagio at all--wicked spoon is better in nearly every other culinary regard. . . And as aptly noted by others, cheapskates beware: they close after lunch and reopen at 5 pm for dinner. None of this piggybacking stuff allowed.
Forget what you know about Vegas Buffets! This is a whole new take, that will leave you just as full but with gourmet food. Plenty of food prepared on individual plates that look like they were plated by a chef. the attention to detail is incredible, and just when you think it couldn't get better they food choices change after we were there about an hour. I could tell you about individual item I ate but it would be pointless because they are constantly changing. What I can tell you is that its always fresh and every cuisine is represented. The Asian choices were the best asian buffet food I have ever come across!. . Wicked Spoon is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and make sure you follow the signs it is a walk but it's worth it and after your done eating you'll need to walk it off.
I will rank Wicked Spoon the best buffet on the Strip ....given I tried Wynn, Belliago, MGM Mirage.......... . . Gourmet food, small portion, a lot of choices... O, i went for dinner.... . . I will definitely go back to Wicked spoon if i am in town...
As some of the other reviews have indicated, this is THE buffet to go to on the strip. Most of the food is served in individual bowls, trays, or miniature pans and is all delicious! The decor is modern and beautiful set in one of the most striking and modern hotels on the strip. I was extremely impressed by the selection, quality, and the price! I was shocked that it didn't cost more money.. . I also ate at the Bellagio's buffet and I can say that you cannot compare the two at all. The buffet at Bellagio looked like Denny's and the food wasn't very good at all! It also was more expensive than Wicked Spoon!. . If you are a foodie on the Las Vegas strip looking for a buffet, look no further than Wicked Spoon!
Cosmopolitan's BUFFET....what an experience! Lovely!
My wife and I went here while visiting Las Vegas and have to say it was fantastic.  We choose this place based on yelpers reviews and owe it a big thank you.  The food was fresh and just seasoned right. We are vegetarians they have plenty of choices covering nice flavors from Asia,  Italy and the American palate.
Taste of Vegas? More like taste of a fulfilling meal that is simply legen...wait for it...dary! I always recommend this buffet @ the Cosmo hotel to all my Vegas-bound buddies. The sheer freshness and decor of each food item is enough to keep you coming back! I just adore the little pans filled with savory mac-n-cheese, Italian gnocchi, fresh salmon, mashed potatoes, curry fried rice, and more! I love how they diversify their stations so you get the best and most loved dishes from Korean BBQ to Indian food to Italian flat pizza with sliced salmon prosciutto to American spare ribs to a whole array of seafood and sushi. The desserts are delish too! There is an entire selection of a dozen gelato flavors, and my favorite... Chocolate mousse cones with mini silver chocolate balls! Just perfect.. . I've been to Wynn and Bellagio buffets before and I'm paying half the price for this meal that is twice as good. See you at the buffet queue!
this would be one of my favorite buffet in vegas so far! they have a variety of yummmy food from around the world and it is displayed nicely. love the dessert and gelato area :D would go again!. . oh by the way..there will be a long line! !! ;(
Great Buffett! So much to choose from. I suggest getting very little of everything then go back for what you like most. Don't forget the Mac & Cheese station!
Best buffett in the world....questions?
Culinary perfection and portion controlled items!  Cute little pots, bowls, and dishes.   I will definitely come back here again when I go back to Vegas. . . FOOD. Everything from mac & cheese, asian, lamb, and gelatos!  I had the bone marrow & bread, sounds gross, but oh, so delectable!  So rich tasting like foie gras!  . . ENVIRONMENT. Located in the Cosmopolitan hotel. The hippest  hotel on the strip.  No line.  We went at 6:30pm on a Friday. . . SERVICE. Quick & fast. . TIPS. Sign up with Cosmopolitan hotel rewards & you get a buy 1 get one free buffet!
I came to Wicked Spoon twice now. Located in Cosmo. A trek just to get to the buffet, but definitely worth it!!!!. . The first visit was when the girls came here for a girls night out dinner prior to our show.. . The second visit was with my homies. We opted to do the lunch buffet ($22). You get a complimentary bloody mary or mimosa. I chose the mimosa. We made the most of our visit by spending a whole 2 hours in this place. It was awesome.. . I had about 5 plates, but I typically go for bite sized items and I hate my food touching. I love how WS has the majority of their food items in little sample plates. They're super cute!!!. . My standouts were def the fishes - SUPER DELISH, moist and flavorful!!! The meats were decent and the desserts were to die for. I was in heaven with all the gelatos and chocolate pieces. . . Service was friendly and on par. Accommodated all our requests and our plates were taken away promptly between each course. . . Note: Purchase a card for wine pours. Grat is charged for parties 8 or more.
Is it excessive to refer to my infatuation with this buffet as love? . . If buffets were people, then this buffet would be a cultured and rather rotund man with a love of fine wine and witty humor. I would marry such a man.
Went here with the family around December. Omg let me just start off that it is a little pricey but totally worth it. Come here with a really hungry stomach. Everything was good to me until I got to the desserts bar. I guess we went on the wrong date? Wasn't a lot of desserts to choose... Butthe food was amazing!!! definitely coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
I been a Rio's buffet fanatic for years, and this time I decided I would listen to the yelpers and went for it , and It's EXQUISITE!!! the place is far if you get in from the east wing,(aria shopping center) I recommend on your first visit and if you are not staying at the Cosmopolitan to go through the main lobby, it's a lot closer,  but moving on to what it was amazing, the food is like a dream come true, small portions of everything, for some people this might be inconvenient, for me it was perfect, they have a seafood bar with a chef on the spot making butter shrimp and those were yummy!!!! I got there an hour before closing but the girl at the front warned me before I paid. But I was there already and an hour sounded enough to try all their menu, and I did get to tried everything, kind of have to rushed at the end for the dessert, but it was my fault for getting there late... not to late they closed really early, for been a buffet on Vegas I wish they would stay open for at least an hour more.. Definitely will bring back the family to this place next time i'm in Vegas, this was a business trip
we were hungry 5 girls. . .. I LOVE this place! I've been here twice and received amazing service! Our water glasses were NEVER empty.  The service was fast and friendly.  . I recently came here during EDC 2012 wknd. . .one of THE most craziest and busiest wknds!!! . Everything I tried was delish!!! i really liked the salamon and asian green salad!. The chocolate strawberries were 2 die 4. . .they were massive and juicy. . .jst how we like it! HAHA. . .get ur mind out of the gutter!. This is one of my favorite buffets, even tho its hidden in the back of the cosmo. . .well worth it!
When I hear the words "Vegas buffet," the first three things that come to mind are 1) long lines, 2) it all tastes the same and 3) not worth it.  However, I overwhelmingly fell in love with my experience at the Wicked Spoon because of 1) the non-existent line (we went at 11:30 a.m. on a Saturday), 2) every item had a unique taste and flavor and 3) it was totally worth the $29.95 for lunch.. . From salmon sushi, to kbbq, to angry mac n' cheese....they have it all!  My favorite part is that everything was in bite-sized dishes/ pots/ pans, like the kind that you used to play with in the playskool kitchens, except fancier.  I was impressed with how many people I saw taking pictures of the food...unfathomable in a buffet, I thought.  Must try's include the mouth-watering ravioli goat cheese, the peanut butter gelato and the salted peanut butter gelato.   Come up with a strategy to takle on the gelato before you go: I'd recommend having everyone get a different flavor and then doing a swap so that you can try a little of everything.. . Wicked Spoon taught me to "eat my words" when I said that I would never go to another Vegas buffet - next up: their dinner buffet!
I had the lunch buffet on a weekday for ~23ish. . . - Presentation is exquisite! 2 pieces of fried chicken on a small deep fryer?! lol. love it!. - Desserts are my favorite! Steroid based chocolate strawberries with nuts! . - Make your own omelette. Didn't take long to get it. worth the wait. - Sushi is dissapointing. AVOID!. - Smoked salmon is amazing! has capers for added flavor. . - loved the mimosa. although, wish it had more champagne. . ^____^  ^_____^~!
Best buffet on The Strip! Not to mention it's also located inside the best hotel in Vegas. Prices vary on the day of week, but the brunch buffet on Tuesday was only $22, which included unlimited champagne. What a deal!. . Their international selection is absolutely mouthwatering. Your eyes will definitely be bigger than your stomach, so make sure you pace yourself. Hightlights included pastas served in mini skillets, fried chicken wings in mini fry baskets, awesome carving station, giant made-to-order omelettes and a beautiful array of desserts.. . Save the buffet for your last day. Perfect cure for those hangovers!
Hands down best buffet in Vegas. I absolutely love it. My boyfriend thought the Bellagio Buffet was alright, then I took him here and he was mind-blown.. . We came here around 12 noon on Sunday and the line wasn't bad at all. It started to get long at 1PM. Be aware that this place does close at 3 so give yourself enough time to stuff your face properly.. . My favorite thing here are those delicious fried chicken wings. I don't know what they season it with, but it's amazing! Salty fried chicken? AWESOME.. . They had these pork tacos that I was completely addicted too also. I wish they had some hot sauce to go with it though. Maybe they did and I didn't see it.. . The Asian stations are delicious too. I had Korean ribs and bbq. The ribs were BOMB! The sushi selection is decent too! I love the tempura rolls they have. They also have fried rice that was salted nicely.. . It's $29 a person when you come here for lunch and ~$35 if you want unlimited mimosas, champagne, or bloody marys. If I didn't have a lot of tequila the night before, I would've been so down.. . I've been here twice now and both times I have felt very strongly that the food quality is great, the service is great, and the atmosphere is great. Worth every penny! We can't wait to go back!
Attempted to come here 6/11 at about 8:40p and the line guy turned us away,saying the wait was so long we may chance not getting in,and if we did, they stop putting new foods out at 9:15..... This....REALLY....pissed me off, I was waiting all day to go there.. . Fwd to next day, we try again:. short wait, about 30 min worth total, in two lines.. . there aren't many cons, so I'll start with those:. -watch out for line jumpers; ppl who save a spot for their  family members, all who pay individually instead of by the group. -the buffet is far away from everything else in the casino; you take elevator/escalator to the shopping/food level and then walk a mile to the back, but at least there are neat things to look at on the way. -buffet was about $35 a person on a tuesday night. -the only foods i didn't like was the bone marrow which has huge hype on yelp...maybe i just a had an ick piece. Seemed like undercooked beef fat,all gelatinous. heh heh,gross.. -never got water refills and I was really thirsty...hubby got offered a soda refill in our last five minutes . -no mac n cheese bar, french macaroons, mini candied/choc covered apples, or egg-cream-things that night. . Here's the pros,hope I don't miss any:. +I love the individual pots of foods. +there are automated wine stations, which I'm still not quite sure how to use, some kind of card was needed, which was never offered to me at any time...anyway, there are 8 bottles in there and you can get a full ($10), half($5), or quarter($2) pour of any of them. +the water comes in big beautiful corked bottles and tastes really good. +my fav foods: gnocchi with asiago cheese and lamb sauce!!!!, shrimp and grits, white clam pizza (I had 2), truffle potatoes gratin, mac n cheese, THE CHEESE PLATE, arugala salad, mango parfait, passion fruit fudge, fatass choc covered strawberries...so pretty much everything I grabbed was stellar. +gorgeous scenery. +Hubby put this at the top of his buffet list. . So even after the given trouble the night before, this place did exceed my expectations. I would most certainly be back,as soon as possible, and I am now having a real hard time deciding who is my top buffet: Wicked spoon, Bellagio buffet, or buffet at M resort. They all have their incredible features, but given the price and value, I may say Wicked Spoon.
Came here with my boyfriend the next night after having a negative experience at another buffet. It was the father's day special so we paid around $43 per person, with a wine tasting an additional cost. Since we went before it closed around 9pm we only had to wait to be seated for about 15-20 minutes. As soon as we were seated we were told to start and that our server would take our order for drinks as soon as we came back with our first plate. . . The food was great and the variety made it almost impossible to not find something you like. As mentioned in previous reviews, a large majority of the dishes are served on individual plates which helps control portion size. Definitely try the mac and cheese, for us we had the lobster. It was neat to try dishes I've never had; quail, au grautin potatoes with truffle oil, different kinds of risottos, ect. I recommend starting on the far left with the appetizers buffet and moving to the right through meats, pastas, pizza, and eventually Asian food. Of course end with desert which is overwhelming, but does not lack variety in options. . . Go.
I came here with my boyfriend back in March.  We did a ridiculous amount of research on buffets before we left for Vegas.  The rule is one buffet well in Vegas and we wanted to make sure we picked the right one.   I've been to quite a few and they are all usually around the same price.  Well, if you're looking for quality and not quantity.    After reading that Wicked Spoon was one of the best we decided to cash in our one buffet trip on our first night there.  It was Saturday and we got to Vegas late so by the time we made it there it was already 9pm.  There wasn't too many people in line and we were seated by 9:20.  I liked how it felt like we were in a nice restaurant instead of a well decorated cafeteria.  The service was amazing.  I loved our drink server, she was a total sweetheart.  So much to choose from and all plated very nicely in individual dishes.  This made it easy for me and my boyfriend to share things we wanted to try.  It also made it much easier to load your plate up and not have to worry about everything getting squished together.  I guess I'm a bit of a food purist.  The menu options were not what you would expect from a typical buffet either.  Mushroom risotto and bone marrow were my favorites.  They were so good that I went back for seconds but found myself defeated because both were so incredibly rich I couldn't handle seconds. Dessert bar was AMAZING!  I wish I had saved room for Gelato.  The food is all top notch and high quality, unlike many of the buffets on the strip.   The only thing that was really bad was the sushi but I've never ever had great sushi at a buffet.  For the first time I've found a buffet I want to come back to.  It's the buffet for people that don't like buffets.  It's the buffet for people that don't want to question wiether or not the shrimp is "safe".  Worth the money even if you can't eat 5 tons of food. I also felt like it had a lot of healthier options.  I will be back next time I'm in town.  Wicked Spoon is the only buffet I want to eat from now on.
I came here with virtually no expectations and came out extremely amazed.  Maybe I should've came in with expectations... after all, it's a location in The Cosmopolitan, what's probably the best hotel in the Las Vegas strip.. . While the place is indeed a buffet, there is sort of a cool portion control trick they do here.  A lot of their menu items are served on smaller platters or containers.  For example, edamame was put in their own Chinese to-go boxes, and the mac and cheese came in their own little saucers.  It's a good strategy because people waste all sorts of food at buffets, and it allows people to rethink what actually goes on their buffet plate.. . My group arrived for brunch and it was right before 2PM, so we were greeted with complimentary mimosas. On that note, they're bottomless for an extra $8.  While it's a tempting option, I didn't do it because I knew I'd be having a rather large Fat Tuesday a little later.. . Wicked Spoon's international buffet options are simply amazing.  From well-marinated Korean BBQ beef strips to their fried rice, the food was amazing.  Mind you, the sushi isn't anything to write home about.  The coolest fusion at the buffet was probably the pork inside the falafel.  The plum sauce really added quite a zest to it.. . Another buffet item worth a mention is their eggs benedict.  Call me a noob, but I've never seen eggs benedict served at a buffet, and Wicked Spoon had a lot of things you wouldn't normally see served including bone marrow... which I didn't get to try, but I will next time!. . The dessert options aren't as great as what you'd find at The Wynn's buffet, but there are some head-turners.  I got this huge cake pop that I thought looked delicious...until I bit into it to find out it was a huge truffle.  Scrumptious!  The gelato here is also good, though I only tried the mango, biscotti, mint, and almond joy.  And for the record, the almond joy gelato is a silent killer of great flavor.. . Wicked Spoon is simply great.  I might even call it the best buffet in Vegas.  Might.. . Also, if you gamble a lot, sign up for the Cosmo's Identity Card.  For every 25 points you accumulate, you get a free spin on the wheel, and one of those prizes is a free meal at the buffet.  Definitely worth it.
If you want a buffet with all the regular staples of a buffet then this might not be for you.  We decided to do it based on the reviews we read here and weren't dissapointed. We came for  breakfast/brunch and there was no line and we were seated right next to the buffet which my husband loved as there was lots of eye candy for him to gaze at...hehehehe...  So much food to choose from and a lot was portioned out which is good.  They have different choices like goat cheese ravioli etc.. so you need to be experimental when eating here.. desserts were wonderful.. tiny, which was good so you could try a couple. The only thing that wasn't tiny was the chocolate dipped strawberries.They are huge!!   The omelet staion was wonderful too..  They were too big for me so you might consider sharing.  I did notice a sign that for $16.99 (I think) for a buffet take out so I thought that was unique.  If you have a couple of people this would be a great way to try different items if everyone picks different items and go back to the room and partake.
Wife and I are Vegas veterans who have seen it all and done it all in town. But we heard some cool things about the Wicked Spoon and gave it a try. The $75 for 2 people seemed steeper than normal for dinner, but it holds up. . . What separates the Wicked Spoon from all the other Vegas buffets is presentation. You'll love how you get your Mac N Cheese, shrimp or salad. You'll enjoy the wait staff there and their selections of wine and other alcoholic drinks (they have a happy hour!). The decor is simple and pleasant. . . What doesn't separate is the quality of the food, which is on par with Wynn and Bellagio's buffets. Everything is delicious. I could eat one of their mini veal sliders right now. The spaghetti tastes like how Mom used to make it. Just two examples, I'm not ruining anything for you ... cowboy bacon ... OOPS, that slipped! . . And the desserts ... look, I don't care if you're a supermodel or you're dieting or whatever. SPLURGE. IT'S WORTH IT HERE. Four words: Godiva Chocolate Cake Pops. NOMNOMNOM. . . The next time we're in town we're going to come back for sure. That's about as high of a compliment as you can get from a couple of fiery thirtysomethings who come to Vegas annually.
Awesome small portioned dishes. The most amazing presentation and execution of a Vegas buffet I've been too.. . The service is very attentive and their coffee is really good. You walk away satisfied that you don't need to stuff your face, but had a very portioned tasting of great dishes.
My favorite buffet in Vegas!!!! (Wynn is a close second). . 1. INDIVIDUAL dishes for most items. Great portion control. Plus the juices and sauces don't run all over your plate.. 2. Delicious and large variety of gelato served in a waffle cone or regular cup! Must try Mango Passion. . 3. Chocolate-covered strawberries. 4. Great quality chewy macarons. . Can you tell I love dessert?. . Most of the savory items were delicious too, well, for a buffet. Don't expect fine dining quality food and you'll be satisfied with Wicked Spoon. You pay $40 for the VARIETY. If you want a good piece of steak or salmon or whatever for that price, then go to a restaurant.
5 Stars, Hands Down.. . 5 Starsfor both their lunch and dinner options . (Yes, I've been to both and both multiple times.). . Vegas buffet checklist: Wynn, Bellagio, Caesars, Rio, Treasure Island...Wicked Spoon wins hands down.. . If I go to Vegas, this is where to go for a buffet.. . Service: Great! They are quick with refilling your drinks, changing up your drink if you wanna change it up, refilling water (in addition to your soda/alcoholic beverage), and FRIENDLY!. . Food: Honestly, the best out of any Vegas buffet I've tried.. -- tapas style: BRILLIANT. why? you don't overwhelm yourself scooping up huge portions and letting your hungry eyes fill up your plate. makes you less wasteful and gives you more room to try all the delicious things.. . Their carving station honestly takes a dump on other buffets; particularly, their lunch menu offerings.. (LUNCH) - tri-tip, sliced bacon, italian sausage. (DINNER) - prime rib...which yes, every buffet has. but the Wicked Spoon prime rib is mouth watering and always fresh. never dry looking or unappetizingly greasy (the look it gets when the fat starts hardening). . Cool things:. (LUNCH) . - smoked salmon sashimi style!! (wynn offers this as a dinner time highlight, and the wicked spoon offers this during lunch!!!). - make your own omelet bar. - expensive cheeses. . (DINNER). - make your own mac and cheese, it's pretttttty bomb. - honestly...besides their pizza selection...everything they offer during dinner is great. which i cannot say about any other vegas buffet. most places have their specialty, a really crappy asian food section and an even worse and extremely bland italian pasta section. the wicked spoon breaks all rules when it comes to this generality and they provide great everything. . (DESSERT). - where do i begin.... - macarons, gelato (with bombbb flavors), small samples of greatness (don't miss out on the strawberry cheesecake cups with marshmallow toppings), chocolate covered strawberries with almonds and oreo crumbles...the list just never ends.. . bottom line: if you're in vegas and want to eat at a buffet...make it the wicked spoon.
Top 3 buffets in Las Vegas IMO. . . You get little dishes with little portions so you can try many items without overeating one single thing.  The best dessert selection I've seen.. . At $39 per person, I want to say a legit deal.  Will definitely go again,.
I regret that I forgot my camera when I came to dine here on Monday night.. But alas, the pictures on here will keep me drooling until my next vegas visit..  . Wicked spoon is top pick in my vegas buffet list:. 1.    Wicked spoon, Cosmopolitan (see below). . 2.    Buffet at M Resort (great option if you are driving into vegas on the I-15, and you cannot have a meal without alcohol- beer&wine is included in the price. Basically the same food options as the Wynn but cheaper). . 3.    The Buffet at the Wynn (delicious, wide variety, awesome atmosphere but price point is high and the wait can be ridiculous). . 4.    The Buffet at Bellagio (experienced a 1.5hr wait on a Sunday at 8:30 pm...everything was either over salted, or missing that extra kick of flavor.). .  . I love prime rib. Some people go to buffets for AYCE crab, or shrimp, or whatever may have you, but my listing greatly weighs upon prime rib.. The prime rib I had at wicked spoon was nicely medium to medium rare, and it was caught thinly enough so I don't have to chew on my meat like im some kind of crazy omnivore.  Tasted like meat, it was perfectly seasoned, and just super moist and savory.. The au jus wasn't just salt diluted in water!. I attempted to get myself a third serving of prime rib but my stomach maxed out before that. Bummer..  . My other highlights were:. -grilled asparagus salad: perfectly grilled, light and refreshing dressing. -shrimp and grits: in a small tapas style container, buttery grits and plump shrimp. -Roasted suckling pig: I ate a slice and it was a bit salty but nevertheless moist.  Definitely a crowd pleaser when you stand in the buffet line. -Roasted lamb: again, salty, but best lamb you can get in a buffet. -BLT Salad: I love salad and this was a perfect mixture of salty...glad it wasn't a sandwich because I like to skip out on carbs as much as I can at buffets!. -Fried green tomatoes: yum! It comes in a compact basket..  . Overall, they have a very sophisticated selection of salads, meats (bone marrow tower next to the prime rib.  Ab.normal), pasta, ethnic foods, dessert (home made marshmallows? Fancy.)  Their decor is fancy and their service is top notch.  . Wear a dress or some baggy pants, and you will thank me later.
This buffet is one of the very few buffets worth trying in Vegas, right next to the Wynn. I'm not a buffet person (was forced into going to the Rio a couples days before, and I ate next to nothing because everything was unappetizing...) I prefer restaurants, BUT buffets are part of the Vegas experience, so you might as well get your fill at a great one!. . Most every thing at Wicked Spoon was perfectly tasty, hot and fresh. I went for brunch, which is $22.. . I tried their glazed salmon, some salads, the Korean steak, the mini-corn, French toast, gelato, goat cheese pizza, chocolate covered strawberries, an entire plate of mini-desserts, a yogurt parfait, a pain chocolate, the shrimp cocktail... and yes, I could barely move for about five hours and felt queasy during the final bite of some chocolate fudge.... . but it was SO, so worth it.
best buffet in vegas as of yet. great variety that is individually portioned for grab and go. it's not your typical buffet and the food is pretty good quality. they have amazing mashed potatoes and decent prime rib. the shrimp cocktail is nestled in a cute plastic cup with the cocktail sauce underneath. the fish and chips come in its own little fry basket. rice comes in a chinese to go box. 18 types of gelato and to die for strawberry crisp. i definitely overdosed on the huge chocolate covered strawberries (the kind that sells at godiva for $5 each). the dessert station is nothing less than impressive. my spoon was surely moving at a wicked pace!
Forget the bellagio, wicked spoon is  what's up. . . The food is fresh, unique, cutely/smartly served in tiny portions, and sophisticated for a buffet. . . The options are unlike any other buffets - it felt as though i was going to a 5 star restaurant and their entrees were buffet items. Example, they serve gelato. You won't find that at the bellagio or OCB. . . It was also refreshing that there wasn't a huge line. It told me they were more about the service rather than showing off.
I always like to try something twice to make sure I was right. Again I must say, this has to be the best buffet in Vegas. This is a must try for everyone. Think of it as gourmet food, buffet style.
By far the best buffet I've been to in Vegas.
Have made two trips here. A strong challenger for the lead of best buffet vs Bellagio and Wynn. Every dish had unique flavors and most are served in unique pots or containers. Favorite dishes: short rib cavatelli, make your own mac & cheese, citrus marinated olives, babaganoush, truffle risotto, goat cheese ravioli.. . Attentive friendly servers.. . Best was the pastry chef introducing us to every single dessert. We sampled 14 treats! Nutella mousse rocked!
Undoubtedly the best buffet in Las Vegas - it puts all other buffets including the Bellagio and the Wynn to shame. . . Dinner is $35 and starts at 5pm - placing it in the same price range as most other evening  buffets. What sets the Wicked Spoon apart is that the food is exceptionally good. It is more akin to high end cuisine than ubiquitous buffet food. They seem to concentrate on quality instead of quantity.  They excel not only in taste, but also in the presentation. Rather than serving everything in large pans with a common spoon that everybody touches - each dish is served in individual sized pots and pans. This is not only more appetizing, but also considerably more hygienic - brilliant concept.. . The range of foods is also quite good from salads to fish and chips to Japanese, Chinese and Italian cuisine. The dessert area is really outstanding, ice cream, cakes, cookies and chocolate.
I was impressed with everything. Fantastic variety. I haven't gone to all the buffets but this is the best i've gone to and great deal $22/brunch and unlimited Champagne. That deserves 5 stars to me.
This buffet has become my ultimate favorite in Vegas! :) . . I came here on a weekday for a brunch. So yes...there is breakfast and lunch being served. . . What I love about this place is their presentation of their food. They are served in portions, that way you can have a little bit of everything. Like everyone else, their desserts are to die for ranging from macaroons, gelato ice cream, chocolate covered strawberries, and so much more. . . It is awesome when you come here with friends because you will all be recommending dishes to try and talk about how good the food is. . . Although it may be pricey, the quality of the food is unique and presentable. :)
Both the Wynn and Bellagio buffets have had their day in the sun, but they now have to play second and third fiddle to Wicked Spoon, which I think is the best new buffet in Vegas. There's a lot of care put into the detail of the food here, which starts with the presentations. Many of the dishes are placed in individual pots or dishes. This is nice for two reasons: it maintains portion control and it also makes for easy pick up. . . Some of the plates I loved were:. - The mac and cheese. - Gnocchi. - Yogurt parfait with honey and granola. - Watermelon, honeydew, and cantaloupe (topped with cilantro and a sauce). - Korean BBQ ribs. - Banh mi with pork belly in a steamed bun. - Clams. - All of the desserts!. . There are many others that I can't even remember, but mostly everything was delicious!
I'm not a huge fan of buffets, but this is THE funnest buffet to dine at. I could not stop gushing about the cute dishware: chinese chicken wings in the mini fryer, meatballs in the tiny sauce pan,  gazpacho in glass cups. LOVE. You know food tastes better with good presentation and this place is not only yummy but pretty, some wouldsay whimsical/cool/fun/quaint. You can get little bites of everything. They're like little packages of YUM and I love that there are different sections. I loved the asian section although the sushi wasn't spectacular. . . Also, yes they have snow crab legs. They also have mussels with your choice of butter like mango butter or lime butter (made when you order). But even better, they have bone marrow (I just wish they served it with broth, maybe with some noodles and scallions which is how I love it best).. . The dessert section has gelato!. . I would definitely come back.
I dont frequent buffets. Its not my cup of tea. . . But after reading the reviews for this place and seeing the pictures... i had to try it for myself. . . What grosses me out about buffets, is that everything is disgusting and theres tons of people grabbing the same food you are and its just messy and you dont know people's habits of eating... so they could drop the spoon and put it back in the dish and you wouldve never known... Or they could sneeze on their hand and touch the same food without thinking twice of using hand sanitizer. . . But here... everything is served in little plates! BRILLIANT!. . OMG! Whoever thought of this deserves a promotion. Or a new title to "VP of buffet operations". Or a crown!. . The food was awesome! It was little and because of that, there was more portion control and therefore you could try so much more food. . . For the price and the service and the food... this place is my favorite buffet in all of Veags. I wish they had one in LA. :/ Boooo!!!!
OH M GEEEE this place was great. First off I loved that the line wasnt super long and I didnt have to faint in order to get a seat. That is a big plus for me. . . The decor was super modern and really tastefully decorated. Felt like we were at a real restaurant and not a buffet. . . Now onto what is really important and that is the food my friends. The first time we were there we didnt know what to do with ourselves. There were all these little pots with little samples of joy inside ranging from mac n cheese to duck ravioli. There was a huge selection of all types of food. And I mean all types. Seafood, asian, american, lots of carved meats, and even bone marrow. . . For the most part everything was just beyond delicious. Seriously. BEYOND delicious and for sure better than any other buffet I have ever tried. . . Two downsides though- the plates are super heavy and adding all those little pots makes it even heavier and I have a bum wrist after a break and it was just a tad annoying. Oh, and my husbands complaint was that not a lot of stuff fits on your plate b/c of the little pots. Basically we looked like the Klumps at sunday dinner by the end of the night with like 5 plates each b.c we "needed" to sample everything!! . . Best I ever had. Best in Vegas. No doubt!
Easily the best buffet we hit the entire trip! We went for brunch, which was around $35 per person and worth every stinkin penny. They had tons of different options like Italian, Asian, American etc. The presentation was unlike most buffets. The Asian noodle dishes came in little takeout containers, the fried chicken wings were served in mini fryer baskets etc. The food was also fantastic. I had some killer korean BBQ ribs, great Prosciutto pizza and tons of good desert items. I wish they had bone marrow on the brunch menu, but I won't toss that in as a complaint. Awesome, awesome, awesome. This is the ONLY spot that I'll make sure to hit every time i'm in town from now on.
Sorry Wynn, but I have a new fave buffet! I first attempt to eat here for lunch was thwarted by the fact that on weekends it only runs til 3PM. I got there at 2:30 so I didn't think it was worth it. The people who stayed in line begged to differ though and now I can see why. This time I got in line a little before 12 on a Sunday and the line moved pretty quickly. It only took about 10 minutes for my group of 3 to get a table and start doing some damage.. . Ribs - Fatty, meaty, and 100% delicious!! I would have gotten another if it weren't for the fact that I had so many other things to try.. Korean BBQ Ribs - Too tough. Took a bite and gave up on the rest. Can't waste precious stomach space on food that isn't bomb. . Chicken Wings- These come in an adorable mini-fryer. Honestly I got it for the presentation, but the wings themselves were crispy and amazing all on their own!. Gnocchi - Good, but wasting stomach space on carbs at a buffet is an amateur move.. Salmon - A nice and strong lemon flavor that accented the fish very well. . Corn on a Cob - With one bite I felt like no corn I will have from now til my next Wicked  Spoon trip will ever measure up.. . **Crispy Pork** - DO NOT OVERLOOK THIS DISH ALBEIT IT'S UNAPPEALING APPEARANCE, FELLOW YELPERS!!!! It was hands down the most amazing dish I've ever had in Vegas. I originally got it for the single fried plantain chip because the dish hardly looked appetizing. The pork itself is dry and I'm not a fan of black beans. I was about to cast it in the rejection pile but for some reason I dug past the beans and came upon rice. THE RICE WAS SO DELICIOUS THAT I FINISHED THE ENTIRE DISH minus the dry pork. It soaked up all the fat from the pork and sent me straight to fatty heaven. . . Macarons - There were 2 different flavors: berry and mango, both of which were good.. Chocolate Dipped Chocolate Cake Pop - Thick and moist and a lot better than it looks.. . We left in solid food comas a little past 1 and the line was pretty bad. Come before 12 to avoid the madness! Don't sleep in! Vegas isn't a place to sleep anyway!. Wicked Spoon, at $31 for Sunday brunch, was well worth my money. I look forward to my return. GET THE CRISPY PORK!!!!!!!
The best buffet I've been to. I don't think buffets get much better than this (in terms of quantity and quality). There were quite a few meat dishes, and the taste of the food was pretty good, much better than Wynn buffet. There were of course a few not so good dishes, but many enjoyable ones.. . I liked the french toast, the pancakes were normal (hard to go wrong w/ pancakes), the broccoli rabe, angry mac 'n cheese was good, chili lime coleslaw, the corn on the cob, gnocci was decent, eggs benedict was tasty, the small salad was fresh, slice of ham and the chocolate strawberries. I was also surprised the egg drop soup was good.. . I wasn't a fan of the fried chicken, the baked lasagna, the pizzas (not tasty), the oatmeal (far too mushy), the "banh mi", or most of the asian entrees (I found these to be quite off the mark, for example the kalbi while not bad, was not authentic). The ice cream/gelato was also slightly too sweet and tasted artificial. . . Most buffets and AYCE, I only go once to satisfy my curiosity. I would come back to Wicked Spoon one day, and that says a lot.. . The decor here also feels luxurious and upscale, fancy placemats, beautiful and interesting decor, and modern warm lighting. It was a hit both in terms of decor and food (but remember, it's still a buffet). . . The weekday brunch is $22 + tax. There was only a short line around noon.
It's the most upscale, foodie-inspired buffet ever.. . I had never been inside The Cosmopolitan but wow, that's nice, too. It reminded me of The Standard in Los Angeles or The Paramount in New York -- modern, hip and tres too hip for it's own good, really. But whatever. I'm a sucker and I fall for Too Hip every time.. . So - the buffet. Oh. Just. Wow.. . Great presentation of lots of dishes, using little pans and pots and Chinese takeout. The host was awesome and so was my server. Food : Shrimp n' Grits! Good Asian selection including a General Tso's Pig Tail which sure seemed to be an actual tail. Of a pig! Lots of yummy nom noms everywhere. Marrow! At a buffet! Ceviche! Cheese and seafood and of course prime rib. Because it's the law. Really, nicest buffet ever. Go foodie go.
Best buffet is Las Vegas!!
The best buffett in Vegas so far. It is missing the consistency of food; they change their menu too often. I came back for their delicious lamb chops but there werent serving them anymore. There was lamb shank instead.  . Good variety of desserts, which includes gelato.. Lunch is $35.
Before we headed back to Phoenix, we decided to try this buffet out for a late Saturday breakfast. We had tried some of the buffets under the Buffet of Buffets deal, but I had been wanting to come to the Wicked Spoon buffet for awhile. It was $30 for brunch. The wait wasn't too bad (15 minutes) but the line grew big time behind us. There were only two cashiers so I pitied the people waiting behind us. . . There were a multitude of options and what I really liked was that it was more than just breakfast food. Just like other buffets, there were different types of ethnic food: Asian, Italian, America, Mexican, etc. The presentation of the food was more than just plating; There were items in mini fryer baskets, chinese noodles in take-out boxes, gnocchi in covered skillets, chocolate lava cake in mini cast iron bowls. So cool. . . My favorites were the chicken street tacos, french toast, and gnocchi, but there wasn't that I didn't like it. The desserts were great, too. I loved this place. It was definitely the best of all the buffets I tried.
I love this place! The food is great and so unique. Its not your typical vegas buffet, they serve small portions in little bowls and pans. Desserts were yummy! Its kind of pricey but what can you say it is pretty fancy! :)
I absolutely love the buffet here! . . The way things are in small portions definitely makes it easier to get a taste of everything! They do a great job with their presentation.  Meats are juicy and tender.  The seafood is fresh and delicious. Salads were just right in portion, already made in little bowls.  Any traditional dishes will just surprise you.  . . There's a great variety to choose from and is definitely worth the wait! . . The ambiance was perfect also, not too loud, and everything was clean and quite new.  I've been here twice already and recommend it as a must try to anyone that hasn't been here yet!  . . Oh and don't forget to leave room for their vast array of desserts! Try the many different flavors of gelato!. . As embarrassing as it sounds, one reason I love Vegas so much is its buffets. Vegas trips aren't complete without a good buffet and Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon certainly fulfills that craving.
By far mine and my bf's fave buffet so far at Vegas. Really can't beat it. Sooo many things to choose from and they don't serve you any old crap. Really good quality food. Highly recommended.
Legit. The dessert area is amazingggggg! Save lots of room for dessert. . . Everything is miniture. and DELICIOUS. I liked the chicken pot pie, the shrimp with grits and the DESSERT BAR! lots of gelato and the cake pops are to die for. they are dipped in godiva chocolate.
Located in the Cosmopolitan hotel, the lines are long unless you have comps and a players card.  The food is delicious and reasonably priced.
Brunch is awesome. Aside from the usual brunch stuff that you get at any of the high end hotel buffets the dessert bar is amazing. GIANT chocolate covered strawberries, brownie cake pops, tons of flavors of gelato, cheesecake, strawberry shortcake. All us girls were in love. Thestaff was super nice too and the guy making the omelets as well as the dessert bar guy made some fun conversation while they were serving you.. . The drink (mimosa, bloody mary, or champagne) that you get with the brunch helps too.. . Get here EARLY though. One day we tried to go at around 10:45 and the line was crazy.
OMG, sooooooo good!  The Wicked Spoon Buffet was the highlight of my 3 night trip to Las Vegas.  We also went to the dinner buffet at the Wynn, but I really thought the Wicked Spoon was sooooo much better!  I must admit, I am not a seafood lover.  However, my friend LOVES seafood and she enjoyed their crab (saying it was about the same as the Wynn) and she loved the station where you choose one of 4 types of butter and could get sauteed mussels, scallops, and shrimp.  We thought the prime rib was better than the Wynn and the Wicked Spoon had more exotic offerings like bone marrow and rack of lamb which I did not try.  I like the style of how the dishes are served too.  For example, the fish and chips came in its own miniature fryer basket and the chocolate cake came in its own sauce pan.  I'm a bit of a germaphobe so the individual portions are a plus for me.  The best thing for me about the buffet was the dessert!  They didn't just look pretty. They REALLY TASTED AMAZING!  My friend said I had enough dessert for 4 people and I still didn't try everything!  If you are thinking of going, GO! :)
my favorite buffet on the strip! . . now granted i haven't been to all of them, i'm not made of money, but this is the best one by far! my dad did us all a grand favor and waited an hour in line so we'd be first to go in and boy was i thankful! the food is served in little tins which is cute and even though i found it slightly inconvenient at first to try to fit them on the plate, i later liked it because it kinda helps minimize/limit how much food you get.  the food was all delicious and well cooked! but my favorite thing by far was the beignets that came with a mouth watering raspberry sauce that you could dip them in! aahh just thinking about it makes me hungry haha . . go go go go! :)
Some people in my group weren't the biggest fans, but for my money, Wicked Spoon is the best bang for your buck for any Vegas buffet. I love the macaroni and cheese station and gelato station and my favorite was the slab bacon (what places CARVE bacon for you?) and the chocolate covered strawberries (perfect time of the year!) had OREOS on them!. . While Wicked Spoon isn't as big as the Bellagio, it's a little cheaper, there's more creativity in the food (SLAB BACON! pork shoulder, Koeran BBQ short ribs) and presentation (little deep fryer baskets of fried chicken), and the wait is shorter.
My FAVORITE buffet in Vegas! . . The variety is not as big as other buffets, but the quality of the food makes up for it! For the food you get, the price is great! Prime rib, crab legs, risotto, lamb, asian food, pizza, cheese & crackers, chocolate covered strawberries, macarons, gelato, shrimp and grits, etc etc etc. Everything is on point!. . I love and hate the concept of portioning out the food in little dishes. Yes it's cute, but sometimes I don't want to try that much and I feel bad for wasting the food :(
Qualitativ hochwertiges Buffet, ausgezeichnete Auswahl. 35$ pro Person, aber jeden Cent wert.
This buffet was the best we tried in Las Vegas this trip.  I was pleasantly surprised by the wide variety of options available, much of the food was being prepared in front of us and they have an A rating, which they've posted everywhere.  The atmosphere is beautiful, the service is pleasant and the food is damn good.  Don't try to eat one of each of the desserts, though, you won't make it.
4.5. . I know I'm not a buffet person, since I can hardly finish two plates in a buffet.  But for one of my growing boys, I wouldn't mind going since I enjoy seeing him eating.  The younger boy isn't a buffet person, but he likes to look at the food, lol.  On this occasion, he was content with just a bagel and one serving of gelato, which is fine with me, he will appreciate food when he gets older. . . This one gives u the best value for ur money.  We went there at lunch time around 12 noon, kind of late, since they open at 8am.  It wasn't that busy, only one third of seats were utilized at that moment.  I think most ppl already went in for their brunch, well, we weren't the early birds, but we still got some decent grubs. . . I wish they have some Asian bakery items, and more Chinese options, then I'll be a die hard fan.. . The things we loved: the yogurt parfait, the smoked salmon,  Italian sausages, the gua bao (tasty white steam bread dough, a winner on my book), the gelato (raspberry is the best) and the deserts (we didn't have the steel stomaches to try them all, but the few we tried were very good). . . I really like the decor of this place, the whole set up makes me feel very peaceful.  . . The service was very good, the waitress came to check on us frequently.  I think this place is still relatively new on the strip compare with Wynn buffet, so they haven't got the attitude which the Wynn buffet is known for.  At Wynn,  they want u to leave after two plates.. . Overall, we had very good experience at Wicked Spoon.
Great buffet. I love how all the food is in small dishes. Everything is consistently well made and quite tasty. The gelato is superb, as well as the risotto, gnocchi and house made marshmallows
Vegas and buffets kind of go hand in hand. That being said, most are just okay and a little overpriced. While wicked spoon is still in the price range, their food is surprisingly really good. Lots of people had raved about it and all you would see on Facebook was how pretty the food looked. Well the food def tastes as good as it looks! It's a little more unique than the other buffets place BUT it never repeats itself and the restaurant is huge! Definitely delicious and really makes you wanna stay there for a long time.
The best buffet we had on our trip! We wish we had found this place slighly earlier during our trip so that we could have visited more than once. We will definitely visit again.. . Most of the buffet on the strip are about the same price; Wicked Spoon restaurant and food is more upscale and well-decorated than other buffet. Most of the food here are served in small dishes.That day, the brunch came with complimentary glass of bloody mary or champagne. Lots of selections of western and eastern food; desserts are tasty. . . Good value!
i'm kind of obsessed with wicked spoon. . . the first time i had it, i was totally blown away.  because of that, i kinda expected my second time, which was last week, to be a disappointment since i talked it up so much inside my head. but nope! it was still amazing!. . i went on a monday for dinner and it was $35/pp. so reasonable for all the delicious goodies they offered. as everyone else has been saying, i binged on bone marrow. it was my first time eating it and it was divine! some people have been saying that it was really bland but that's what rock salt is for! don't forget to sprinkle it on top, along with the onion marmalade and chimichurri. along with the bone marrow, some of my other faves were the potato bacon chowder, shrimp and grits, salad, salmon and cheeses. i could have done without the pizzas, which were really dried out, but pretty much everything else was good. i avoided the asian food also because well... it looked off. but even with taking out an entire section of the buffet, i was still so pleased with my meal. . . one big disappointment was the absence of macaroons, which was a big reason i wanted to go back :( but the gelato bar made up for it.  . . all in all, no buffet can boast that every single thing offered is mind-blowing. but for $35/pp for dinner, i more than got my money's worth on bone marrow alone. i'll definitely be back at wicked spoon every time i come to vegas.
Currently my favorite buffet in Vegas!  The food is delicious and the presentation is excellent.  Many of the dishes come in mini pots that all of the girls find adorable!  I have been here for both brunch and dinner and both were excellent.  The menus are slightly different but both have plenty to choose from.  I might almost like the brunch menu better.. . Brunch has an omelette bar instead of the shrimp/mussel station.  The granola was actually my favorite part of the buffet.  Sounds weird but it tasted freshly made and not stale at all.  It went well on the oatmeal with some brown sugar.  I am a fiend for oatmeals.  They also served grits which is pretty cool.  The dessert is pretty much the same as dinner.  Chocolate covered strawberries are always the best for me along with some gelato.. . Dinner menu has the shrimp/mussel bar that I mentioned earlier.  You get to choose which kind of butter you want your seafood cooked in.  Drool!  The kalbi short ribs in the asian section are always a hit.  Once the tray is set down, people snatch them up like they are gold.  Prime rib is ok but not great.  Save room for the dessert and gelato bar too.  My favorite gelato flavor is strawberry balsalmic.. . If you were to choose one buffet for your visit in Vegas, this is it.  Studio B buffet is also an excellent buffet but it is way south.
Best buffet in vegas! Hands down.. . They have so many kinds of meats, and they even have bone marrow!. . Chocolate dipped strawberries, gelato, if your mind can think it, they have it.
I love going to buffets, but every time I go to one, I always get disappointed.  However, not at Wicked Spoon.  . . There is a reason why Wicked Spoon is being touted as the newest BEST buffet in Vegas.  At $35/person (Between Sunday to Thursday, I THINK it's $45 on Fri-Sat), the variety and quality of the food here is really amazing.  . . I love the portion and presentation of each item.  Some highlights include the crab legs, asian style pork ribs, carnitas, angry mac and cheese, and their gelato ice cream (PB&J flavor = amazing!!).  . . They have a great selection of food and my server, Cathy, was very nice and the overall decor of the buffet is modern and sophisticated, not at all crappy and cheap looking like a lot of buffets.. . Note: We arrived at 4:40p, the buffet opens at 5, and there was already a line on a Monday night!  If you arrive at 5, you're guarantee a long line - but since we arrived a bit early, the wait was not a problem at all.
This is the best buffet spot in Las Vegas so far.. . Wicked spoon didn't disappoint me. . Great quality food also offer many selection.. . Bomb....
This has easily become my favorite buffet in Vegas now!  M and Bellagio trailing behind.. . It was $22 for brunch (on a weekday), which is served everyday of the week.  Not sure if the price goes up during the weekends.  With brunch, each person can get a complimentary cocktail of bloody mary, champagne or mimosa.  Then unlimited free soft drinks, juice, coffee, and tea.. . There's a nice fusion of Asian, Italian, Spanish and American foods.  An omelet station where you can make your own omelets.  . . Things that stood out: the display of the food is very appetizing and creative - little take-out boxes used for Asian udon noodles and edamame (which was really tasty), little sliver sauce pans used to hold gnocchi and so on.  A lot of thought was put into the food presentation and I appreciate that because a buffet doesn't have to be just a whole lotta food in a tray for ppl to scoop out of.  The down size of having that is that there's a lot to carry and you'll have to make multiple trips to the buffet line - which I did not have a problem with because the lines weren't that long and there was always food available.. . The dishes that stood out for me that day (I did not sample everything) were the crispy pork with rice and peas, it was authentic spanish cookin' and the flavors were awesome!  The bowls of clams in white wine broth, I had seconds as well, the mussels were good, the mexican corn was tasty... there were a couple more but I can't remember now.. . The display of desserts is awesome.  My sister stillloves M cookies but WS's cookies were good too.  They had Godiva cake pops which are super pretty and really chocolately.  The strawberry shortcake was really yummy, I liked how they had gelato served in a waffle cup.  The chocolate dipped strawberries (one in toffee and one in Oreo cookies) were super yums!. . The service was also great, our server came around quite a bit asking if we were okay and if we needed refills of any kind - I didn't get his name but he was quite efficient, friendly and nice (something that I haven't experienced at a buffet until this trip to Wicked Spoon).  . . All in all, I wanna go back and try out dinner!
Dinner at Wicked Spoon for $35/pp. . . So, I confirmed, dinner time does have BONE MARROW. There are stacks of bone marrow next to the meat stand. It looks like hunting gone wild. . . Here are some hits and misses:. * Bone Marrow - great. Could be more roasted, but these bones have so much marrow. They are huge. . * Prime Rib - ok. I strongly recommend, if you like medium rare, go ahead, ask them for a rare piece. They take requests. . * Mussels made to Order - Red Sauce is better than Green Sauce.. * Ceviche - a shot or two is great. It is fresh and very tasty. . * Pig ears - I really liked the flavoring. Too bad it was so salty. I had to get a pack of white rice to finish eating it. But it was the good part of the pig ear and they sprinkled heavily some salt and pepper seasoning. . * Shrimp tempura sushi - It was ok. The shrimp tempura was no longer crunchy. . * Water melon tequila shots - So surprised to find this out in the open. What if kids pick it up. It is like a soju shot. Sweet from watermelon and a little bit of tequila trailing at the end. Most of the alcohol has sunk to the bottom, so you may chose to stir before drinking.. * Cream of mushroom - You can pass. Not that great.. * Shrimp n grits - Tasty, but dropped in scores after I tasted the American Fish dish.. * Braised ribs - You can pass. It was a little tough.. * Fish and Chips - Great presentation. But fish batter was a little thick.. * Pappardelle - Looked dry, but surprisingly fresh pasta tasting. I would choose this over their spaghetti choice.. . * Pistachio gelato - Soooooooooooooo good. Soooooooooooo yummy. . * Carmel Candy gelato - Also good.. * Mango & Raspberry gelato - Good. But I personally like fruit gelato flavors.. * Tiramisu cake - Adorable cups. Not much espresso flavor, but the cream part is so light and fluffy. It is very worthy of a lick.. * Fresh brownie in caramel sauce - You can pass this one. Fresh baked and out of the oven is good, but by the time, you get to your table, it is probably already cold.. * Fresh marshmellow - Soft and lightly sweet. One piece is enough for the palate.. . Oh, this buffet is so fun. Especially, when most dishes are individually plated. It just looks so much more appetizing when things are not stacked in one tray.
I'm not even sure where to start. I'm afraid i'll short circuit my keyboard because of all the drooling that will happen when I start describing the food.. . Let's get serious - it's well worth the wait. There are so many options that it's almost overwhelming! They have breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert - whatever your heart desires. We loved the little breakfast sandwiches on ciabatta bread. The apple chicken sausage was amazing, and the bacon wasn't your usual greasy, limp buffet bacon. Korean short ribs? SO good. The carving station? The dude working it was hysterical, and the beef was excellent. We were all dying over the mashed potatoes. The gnocchi, the pizza, i mean honestly, everything was just amazing. The only thing we all didn't LOVE was the mac & cheese.. . When it comes to dessert, they don't mess around. The flourless chocolate cake, and the mini apple pie were outstanding. Various flavors of fudge, chocolate dipped strawberries, homemade marshmallows - all good - but nothing could prepare me for the greatness that was the - wait for it - strawberry balsamic gelato.oh. my. god. this was seriously life changing. Someone needs to replicate this in Chicago because I need it in my life on a weekly basis. And if it's already here in Chicago, somebody please clue me in.. . We had a great experience here with a wonderful server. We left stuffed and happy - I would highly recommend checking this place out!
First of all lets remind ourselves this is BUFFET not a fancy fancy restaurant. Dinner buffet $35. BF and I went to explore wanting to find out what the buzz was all about. Go early because the lines build up fast. We ordered a bottle of wine which came quickly to our table, then off to exploring.. . Everything is on these cute little trays and for the most part is served tapas style. Although they don't have a TON of selection they had a wide enough variety but the food quality is better than most buffets I've been through. . . What do I remember most? Angry Mac and Cheese, Fish and Chips, Beef Panini, Prime Rib (good for buffet), roasted corn, potatoes in truffle sauce, creamy spinach, BBQ pork, strawberry shortcake and berries in a chocolate molded cup. . . So everyone talks about the bone marrow. Sorry I couldn't try it because I felt like my arteries were clogging just looking at it. However our great waitress suggested using it as a spread on bread because it's so rich. Other interesting items: Pig tail, crab, carving station had 2 choices with some type of chicken, salmon, chinese food section, pasta section and a whole bunch of dessert.. . If you're looking to try out a new buffet spot, you have to go to Cosmo for it. Prior to this Rio Buffet was my favorite but now, I think they might have some serious competition.
Probably the highest quality buffet in las vegas.  The selection of food isn't as vast as many others but the food tastes better here! Love how they pre-portion majority of the foods so there isn't other people digging in the same tray. The presentation of the food is also very good. One of my absolute favorite dishes is the shrimp and grits! the best i have ever tasted! The crab legs are also good, not watery tasting like a lot of the other buffets, you can even request them to be steamed if you like it hot. They have a good selection of dessert (gelato is delicious!), i just wish the made creme brule like wynn and bellagio though. If they had that they would be perfect! Oh and each time i came here service was on point and attentive.
Best buffet I've ever had. . Coming at the tail end of brunch on a saturday afternoon, the quality of service was not forgotten. The short ribs were succulent and basted with a sweet asian sauce. I prefer the gnocchi over the mac and cheese ( the only difference seeming to be the shell pasta and gnocchi) because it seemed to absorb some of the sauce they were served in.. Whoever thought of the presentation of the dishes is a very creative human being. Fired chicken in small fry baskets, apple cobblers and brownies in mini cast iron pans, small ganache cones, edamame and noodles in chinese take-out boxes... the list goes on and on. . An entire island concentrated on dessert is never a bad thing. Especially when on top of about a dozen different assortments of bite sized and sharable desserts, a 16 gelato assortment is waiting for you on it's own side.. . Wonderful.
Far and away the best buffet I have been to.  . . Had a 30 min. wait for a party of 8 on a busy Sunday for brunch (that's total, both the long outside line and to get seated).  We had to pay gratuity and tax, so my portion was about $37.  . . But you know what?  Totally worth every penny.  The food is fresh and of the best quality.  There is an amazing selection (especially the desserts) and for what you'd pay at a sit-down restaurant for just one or two of these items it's worth it.  . . So many adjectives could be used to describe this meal, but i'll say this: for all the buffet's in Vegas, this one is the best value for what you're actually paying.  Even if you don't eat a lot (which I don't) I still felt like I got my money's worth and then some.
yum, yum, yum. Can't wait to get back and get me some... Pass the lines with your elite players card and be envied by those still having to wait two hours to get in.  Everything is served in small portions which is great so no food is wasted but requires frequent visits to the food stations. Worth the price and comparable to the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort.
I dream of this buffet!!!. . Everything is over the top, gourmet quality here.  From the salad bar, main entrees and the jaw dropping desserts!. . Some of the highlights for me this most recent visit were:. - Angry Mac n' Cheese (smoky chipotle flavor makes this dish angry). - Pork belly slider (I can't stop thinking about it!). - all you can eat crab legs (already halved for you so you don't have to struggle getting them open). - and last but not least...ANYTHING from the dessert bar!. . This buffet is a must for any foodie out there!
LOVE LOVE LOVE !! I cannot get over how much I enjoyed my dinner at the Wicked Spoon.. . The individual servings is such a great idea. The portions are just right, and if I want to go back for seconds, or thirds, I can. I think it's a great way to make sure I do not get more than what I can eat because I hate wasting food. Plus the individual servings keep the buffet neat. The only con is that you are very limited to how much you can fit on my plate.. . A macaroni and cheese station !? What a great idea !! I can add whatever I want and it never seems to fail me.. . The bone marrow is delicious. I cannot get over it. Seriously each time I went up for a serving, I always helped myself to some bone marrow. I would go there just for that.. . The mushroom risotto is mouth watering, especially with the wine reduction sauce.. . There's so much I want to comment about and just thinking about Wicked Spoon is making me hungry !!
I am not usually a fan of buffets but the Wicked Spoon is a rare exception.  The atmosphere is very hip with warm colors of chocolates and caramels.  We were seated and greeted almost immediately by a waiter who took our drink orders.  The bottle of water at the table was a nice touch.. . As you would expect at any good buffet, there was a plentiful selection.   Each dish looked like something special.  When I think of a buffet I think of large pans filled withe piles of dried out meat or caserole-type entrees, Wicked Spoon has perfected the buffet experience by plating most entrees on their own individual dish or ramekin that you then place on your large dinner plate.  The salmon with the capers is delish!  I tried several items and couldn't complain about any of them.. . Let's get to the good stuff.  This place is a desserts mecca!  You will look at everything and not even know what it is, but I'll tell you what, you're gonna try it anyway.  These desserts are to die for in appearance and taste and you're in Vegas AND at a buffet, so freaking splurge and try all of them!. . This will now be a go-to place whenever I'm in Las Vegas.
Hands down best buffet in Las Vegas. Save room for dessert cause the dessert station has quite a selection.
Oh, Wicked Spoon. You are worth the hour plus wait my friends and I waited while we were still recovering from a night of debauchery and no sleep.. . Located in the beautiful Cosmopolitan, I FINALLY got to try this particular buffet on my most recent Vegas trip. Last summer when I attempted to eat here, my girls and I found out that they close til 5 to set up for dinner and seeing that we were starving and in no mood to wait, we headed to the Bellagio buffet instead. Well, this time around, we were determined to wait. We got there at 4:10 and there was already a line forming and true to their words, the staff did not let us start paying for our dinner until 5. Even after paying, we still had to wait about another 15 minutes to be seated.. . At about $38 a person, I expected the dinner to be AMAZING and omggggggg, the food was incredible. They had an array of dishes - different kinds of foods for whatever mood you're in. The thing I loved most was the mini individual portioned sized foods they had. Perfect so you won't over indulge. My friends and I were pretty gluttonous and tried a bit of everything. No shame. It was our last night in Vegas and we didn't have to dress up for any pool parties or clubs. Forever fat. The desserts looked sooo good. They had this huge display of gelato ice cream with different flavors. The mint chocolate chip was freaking bomb.com - so rich and creamy. I was pretty stuffed from dinner, so the only other dessert I tried was the apple strudel thingy they had. Tasted like apple pie. Delicious. . . Overall, the Wicked Spoon Buffet is amazing. The food definitely makes the wait worth it. The atmosphere and decor is pretty nice. I would definitely come back and end my Vegas trip here.
Love this place! Dishes were unique and delicious. Very cute and clever on the presentation. I fell in love with everything.. . **Foursquare Users: Important Tip**. If you get the Cosmoplitan VIP badge, it will grant you VIP access to Wicked Spoon meaning you will not have to wait in line. When I went there was a huge line fortunately I had the badge. There was a lot of unhappy people giving me and my friends a dirty look. LOL!. . I had a little bit of everything, no favorites, everything was good. A pretty decent spread on the dessert table. One of the best buffets in Vegas.
Wicked spoon easily gets to be in the top tier buffets at Las Vegas in my book, along with Wynn and Bellagio. For value, I think Studio B buffet at the M, Rio Buffet, and Planet Hollywood buffet needs to be mentioned. . . Anyways, if I could, I would rate this place 4.5 stars. The plating and presentation was phenomenal and "cute," the ambiance felt like more of a restaurant than a buffet, which was nice, and the service was good. However, the food, in my opinion, is trying to play catch up to the other glowing areas of this buffet. The food itself was good with certain dishes, not so much with others. . . However, I will say that upon  seeing their dessert bar, I probably had an existential experience. The gelato was awesome and the other sweets were great as well. Definitely an anchor to Wicked Spoon. One specific criticism: the crab legs were a bit small and the shrimp sizes in the shrimp cocktail could have been a bit bigger.. . I've been to almost every buffet on the strip and many others off the strip, and Wicked Spoon is a quality buffet. If you're a hater of Wicked Spoon, giving it one or two stars and using terms such as "execution" and "uninspired," I would like to control some expectations (we sometimes tend to play make believe that we are judges on Iron Chef). This is, after all, still a buffet, not a fine dining 3 star michelin establishment. I'm sure expectations of textures and inspiration will be satisfied with 300 dollar tasting menus at those restaurants, and Vegas is filled with them.
The Wicked Spoon has abolished my generalization of buffets.   As I perused the cornucopia of culinary genius all I could think of was how am I going to try all of the food here.  This buffet is a collection of small plates and not just bulk trays of food in a steam table.  I have never seen such fantastic presentations at a buffet!. . I was only able to try a small portion of what they had but everything was fantastic.   I started off with the eggs benedict, sushi, Korean spare ribs & two types of homemade sausages.  The cut to order slab bacon was a nice touch.  I wasn'tin the mood for lamb chops but I had to indulge.  When would I ever have lamb chops at a breakfast buffet again?  Everything was fantastic.   . . Due to my indulgence the previous evening in copious amounts of alcohol I could only stomach (3) plates and desert was out of the question.  For all the desert lovers out there they had a gigantic desert area.
BEST VEGAS BUFFET I HAVE EVER BEEN TO!. . The decor is out of this world, and the food is even more stellar!. . They portion everything out so you can try a little bit of everything and not over stuff yourself with just one item. They offer a variety of cuisines. Asian, american, italian, seafood, fresh fruit, dessert, etc.. . The best eggs benedict at a buffet I have ever sunk my teeth into. Prime rib is a classic, and the best gelato flavor: THAI TEA. SOOOOO BOMB. . I will come back to this buffet because it is simply the best.. . I cant remember everything I ate, I just know I left the size of Violet after chewing the gum in willy wonka and the chocolate factory... . Much better than the buffet and planet hollywood and the bellagio.. . NOM NOM NOM!
LOVE this buffet! It was better than the other buffet we went to. Everything was so cute. A lot of dishes had there own separate container which were really cute! And the food was delish beside from a few items, which were the ethnic ones but none of the buffets have good ethnic food. I was STUFFED. My stomach grew a lot by the time we left.
...Great orange juice!. great buffle but if you're going at their busy time, be prepared to wait in queue.
I ate here on a recent trip to Vegas. The buffet is tucked away in the Cosmopolitan hotel and is the best buffet that I have had in Vegas. We got there for dinner right at 5pm when they opened. The food was amazing. The roasted corn and chili risotto was among the best. They had sauteed green beans that were out of this world as well. There are a lot of meat carving stations, seafood options, and a lot of vegetarian options as well. They also have a gelato bar and tons of miniature desserts. It's $35 per person for dinner and the quality of the food makes it well worth the price. Definitely recommend! This beats the Bellagio buffet by far.
Wonderful selection of food and deserts! The line is definitely long, so be prepared to wait. But once you are in, the selection and quality are definitely worth the price. You also get unlimited beaverages and one free alcoholic drink. You feel pampered and relaxed, although it's a buffet.
Best buffet in Vegas!
What's Vegas without the buffets? Wicked Spoon is the newest and hottest buffet in the newest and hottest hotel/casino in town! Dinner Saturday night did cost $45 per person. But when they're serving bone marrow, a wide selection of charcutterie and cheeses, fried oysters, endless crab legs, meats galore, and an assortment of desserts that'll make you full just with a glance, you'll gladly shell out $50 to dine here. . . I have to add that even the guests at this buffet are the hottest in town! So you get a feast for the mouth AND the eyes! . . Best part about this place is the built-in portion control. I'm sure everyone has experienced the eating-overboard that occurs at buffets. At Wicked Spoon, they help you out by serving everything in their own containers and if you want more, just take another cup/bowl/serving.
My family and I refer to Wicked Spoon as, "THE BEST BUFFET EVER OF MY LIFE!". . We dined on a Saturday night. With the tax and everything, it was $44 per person. And it was very much worth it!!. . The decor and setting is beautiful.  Felt so posh, which is fitting considering the 44 dollar price tag haha!. . The presentation of the food was just as stunning! Like the things you see on the food channel! Take lots of pictures, because they sure are photogenic!. . Now to the most important factor: taste of the food. Um, everything we tried was good. Like, everything. HAHA! I dont know what else to say, we loved it! Delicious and unique.  I was able to eat foods here that I had never even thought about before.  Lamb gnocchi, duck ravioli, thai tea gelato.... As expected, you cant LOVE every single thing you eat, but honestly, whatever foods we did not care for, were still pretty good! I myself am not a fan of bone marrow, but my mom ate so much of it!  To sum it up, our least favorites foods were still pretty dang good! And for the foods that we LOVED, lets just say we ate 3 servings of each of them!. . We will definitely be coming back.  Every trip to Vegas must now be accompanied with a trip to Wicked Spoon.
Where can you find the best buffets of all time?? Only in VEGAS!!! I normally dislike buffets and Vegas is where I make the exception. It's the total opposite. I LOVE buffets in Vegas! Wicked Spoon is wicked good!! I think this may be my new favorite buffet!! I LOVE how everything is portioned out into small bowls/plates. Pretty much everything I tried was delicious! Lunch or more correctly brunch is $22 and includes a mimosa or champagne. Dinner is $35... not sure if dinner is worth it at $13 more, but I supposed one day I will try it and find out. I would post some pics, but seeing how there's already nearly 2000 pics, I don't think my pics would be any different. Our waiter was also really nice and the decor in the buffet is beautiful.
Just thinking about this buffet makes me want to cry tears of joy.. . I came in back in June when the EDC festival was going on with a huge group of friends. I was advised that if I am in Vegas, I have to go to the buffet. I stopped liking buffets for a good amount of time just because the quality of the food is usually not that good for the price but since I was in Vegas with my friend, why not try it?. . We had a group of 18 people I believe and the cost per person around lunch time was between $22-$27 dollars. We had our tables set up in about 5-10 minutes after we paid and after we were seated, our drinks were given to us. . . Unlike most buffets that have a gigantic spoon or tong in the heated metal trays, wicked spoon portions their food out in small dishes to ensure that each serving is enough for each person. I found it pretty cool how they served it. It was more clean and less food wasting than just having someone pick out how much they wanted. . . This place literally has everything... EVERYTHING. I walked around and saw how they had breakfast food, korean food, japanese, american, italian... etc. The best part about the buffet for me was the dessert area. Let me tell you about how most buffets are like in my area. 1. they either have vanilla or chocolate soft serve ice cream or 2. crappy cakes, cookies or jello. Wicked Spoon is beyond that childish desserts. Rather than soft serve ice cream, they have gelato that is hand scooped and served to you...GELATO! You know you're in Vegas when they gelato in a buffet! Oh, its not even just vanilla and chocolate too, they have a sorts! Besides that, they have macarons (OMG), mousses (OMG AGAIN), chocolate covered strawberries (DEAD/). I was so amazed by their selection of desserts that I kept coming back to that area while everyone else at my table slowed disappeared back to the hotel.. . I really hope I get to go back to Vegas soon. I really want to back here again! D:. . PS: Waiters/Waitresses were friendly and attentive!
Went here again this past labor day and it is officially my new favorite strip buffet...perhaps it was the holiday brunch so there were extra special items.  There was slab cut bacon, kalbi short ribs, steamed clams in a white wine garlic sauce, Taiwanese style pork belly buns, angry mac and cheese, duck ravioli....I ate my heart out plus some.  And desserts....I ate macaroons until I literally couldn't breathe anymore.  I've decided to swear off Brazilian grills in favor of Wicked Spoon...with the abundance of options and similar price...I say pick Wicked Spoon.  Honestly, most people only enjoy 2-3 cuts of the meat at Brazilian, versus the options at Wicked Spoon are quite limitless.
We are locals, and this is the only buffet we will go to.  We like that they have small portions, so we are able to take a little of everything.  Very good food.
Here is my favorite buffet.
No lie, this is the best buffet on the Strip.  I had read and heard about it, so we had to go.  We were prepared to wait in the long line even though we were starving by the time we arrived.. . first there's 2 lines.  there's the line to pay at the cashier, and then after that, the line to get seated.  We were in the first line for about 15-20 minutes.  When we got the cashier, she got stuck helping someone else so we were there a little while.  Well, we go with the buffet and the $8 all you can drink champagne/mimosa/bloody mary option and sign up for the Identity card (free).  I dont' know how but the lady was apologetic about making us wait and moved us right up to VIP and we didn't have to wait in the 2nd line at all!!  Amazing how these things can make you so happy.. . Well we get right in and really the food is amazing.  Most buffets when I go, there are only a few things I really want / like to eat.  This was not like that - I really wanted to try everything.  and as another reviewer said, the presentation is wonderful and you get to taste small portions of more things.  Even with that though, there's no way to try everything since there's so much.  . . I loved that it was just so "gourmet" too - the mac and cheese was exquisite, the duck ravioli ... I loved the meats station - prime rib, lamb chop, etc .. all so good.. . the $8 drink option is great too. I  had 3 mimosas with my meal and my husband's bloody marys were strong and good.. . I really hope this place stays great - next time I'm in Vegas I'll def come back here.
A testament to how less is sometimes more. I made sure to hit the Wicked Spoon this time in Vegas, as the last two times I've stayed at the Cosmo I've just gotten too hungover and didn't want to eat the next day.. . Wicked Spoon serves a lot of gourmet-ish items, but if you break it down, it's not that feature that sets it apart. It's all in the presentation. Wicked Spoon takes the extra effort to put everything in the right mini portion sizes. They put everything on nice little plates and make all the stuff looks real nice. As a result, you feel a lot better about yourself when you eat it because it's not a crazy large portion and you know you'll have room to try most everything you want to. Very good attention to detail!. . Platinum status allowed me to waltz to the front of the line for my comped buffet. I was pretty sure there were 200 angry people staring me down as I did so.. . Oh, and another memorable part of my dining experience was when we got up from the table to fetch seconds, they physically moved our table to make a larger table for someone else because they thought we were gone. Then they gave us our table back, but everything was removed from it already, so I was not happy about that. WTF people!
Went to Wicked Spoon last weekend because of awesome reviews from yelp and family members. Wicked Spoon's food was awesome, very much what I expected. Although it was a little pricey, it was well worth it! The fried oysters were amazing. They had a prime rib station that was pretty good and best of all they had leg of lamb... yum!! It definitely met my expectations and was as yummy as the pictures that I saw before hand!
WICKED!!!. . This place is by far, the best buffet in Vegas.  We first attempted to come here around 2:30pm on Labor Day weekend, but the line up was seriously ridiculous.  Luckily, we were staying during the week, and came back on Wednesday at lunch and got in within 5 minutes.  . . For $22, I got an amazing lunch buffet which included your choice of champagne, bloody mary and some other drink (can't remember).  I was so impressed by all the selection of the food, you name it, they likely have it.. . All of the food was proportioned in these small bowls/containers, whatever you want to call it, so that it was easy to grab and just have a little bit so that you don't end up filling up on one thing.  Even the pizza was nicely cut into small pieces.   The food was all amazing, and I could tell that they certainly do not cut corners on the ingredients - everything tasted very fresh and of very high quality.. . Oh and forgot to mention the desserts.  Unfortunately, I was so full that I couldn't partake, but they had a pretty impressive selection of desserts. There was even a ice cream/sorbet section that was freshly scooped for you.. . Lastly, the beverages they even provide are great.  My hubby is very picky with his coffee, but he said the coffee was amazing.  I ordered a black tea and was pleasantly surprised to receive some Mighty Leaf tea - some of the best tea out there.  OJ was nice too.
Fun buffet!  Everything was yummy.  I'll be back, though Bellagio's buffet is still my #1.
a must when in vegas! This is def. one of the yummiest buffet's to eat at! Only downside is that the lines can get long upon entry to the restaurant.
The best buffet on the Las Vegas Strip.  The emphasis is on high quality which is unheard of for a buffet.  The smaller individualized portions really go a long way towards making this a wonderful meal.  Crab legs, pasta, beef brisket, turkey, sushi, spicy mac n cheese--the list goes on and on.  The desserts are even better.  Just make sure you bring your appetite.  this place definitely qualifies for All-Madden status so enjoy!
Anyone who complains that Wicked Spoon isn't the best buffet on the strip is simply a snob.... . After a long Saturday night and relatively short Sunday morning, this is the place you want to end up to get some real nosh going on. I can still taste the Angry Mac 'n Cheese, Kalbi, Bacon (so thick!), Asada Tacos, Fried Chieck, Papardelle with Rabbit Ragu, and a few other things that elude me. For dessert, macrons we're stacked and the gelato station helped top off a great meal. And of course, chocolate covered strawberries.. . You'll get a good variety here, and much better quality that most other buffets on the strip. Only thing I didn't see was crab legs, but we can't be greedy, now can we?. . Two tips: . 1. Buy your tickets at the concierge downstairs. Save your self the hassle of the line.. 2. Marriott status helps with getting to the front of the line and also getting you free brunch if you're platinum. Pretty much one of the few reasons why it's even worthwhile to be a Marriott rewards member.
The absolute best buffet on the strip. The cheapest buffet we went to and the food and service was outstanding. I recommend it to anyone who visits Las Vegas.
So far the best buffet in vegas!... Bone marrow is a heart attack you'll willingly wait for. Make sure you sprinkle some salt on it.  Mexican corn meet gourmet style nom nom.... I was too shy to ask for extra aioli sauce but I did compliment the chef.
wow...I hate buffets but not Wicked Spoon.  . . First tip go early!!!  I thankfully made perfect time beat the rush and waited ahhhh 15 minutes or so.  . . Honestly it is a buffet so you have a ton of choices but here are some key tips I remember. . . What I liked:. Carving station:  prime rib, beef bones, bone marrow (ok), pork roast. Custom Mac n Cheese station . lots of dessert to choose from but they had these little strawberry shots so good. Random Chinese food - spare ribs. Veggies were aight. pizza was coo (had 1 piece). ceviche was fresh. free drinks to hydrate myself . . Dislike:. Not a huge selection of crab, but I knew that going into the place.  I won't take a star away cause I knew that from the start.  . . Clean place, service was good, and plenty of food to choose from.  Although 1 guy on the carving station backed up the line, but I had seconds by that time so no complaints.  jussayin
Loved there presentation of their food displays! Cute Single servings containers.. And the food tasted really good of course!
Fantastic buffet...u need a whole meal space for desserts itself.  Great kalbi ribs , oriental station , Italian,salad and meat cut station. . . Loved it .... Would recommend go very hungry :) great price , service ,  ambience
My review is limited to brunch. . . I kept hearing a lot about this place and often wondered what it was about. Most of the talk revolved around pastries and ice cream so I figured it was a desert place. After finding out it was a buffet I forked over the $40 for the mimosa / brunch combo. A bit pricey, but it is Vegas afterall.. . Places like this make me wish I was a cow with multiple stomachs. There was a huge variety of food and I was hard pressed to find something I really didn't like. Normally, I'm not a huge fan of buffets because there is no way I can eat the amount I spent but here I paced myself knowing I just HAD to try everything because it looked so delicious. Lucky for me, the desert section was full of goodies and I couldn't help myself. Chocolate cones, chocolate covered strawberry, and THAI TEA gelato. Apparently the thai tea version was only seasonal but o.m.f.g I would pay double the price of ice cream to have that anywhere.
Alright. My family and I went to this place last weekend. It is by no means cheap, but well worth the money. I think it was $39.99 a person. And we had 5 people all together. I hadn't heard about this place until my sister's boyfriend suggested it. When you go in, it looks like a really fancy restaurant with the beautiful decor and dim lighting. Then, when you go to pick up food, you realize that there is a shit ton of food. They had their own island of desserts. Everything is presented in a really nice way (kind of bougie if you ask me, but it was nice to get fancy for once). Don't get wine there because the bottle at the table was apparently $21.99. That's ridiculous. The desserts are on another level. You have to go see it to believe it. There were cakes and gelato and sorbet, etc etc etc. . . Really nice place. And I'd go there again if I could afford it. . . Also, the parking is under Cosmopolitan Hotel. And the parking lot should get it's own 5 bajillion star review. It is all hooked up and sensored so they have boards which tell you where there are open spots. They even separate regular spots and handicapped. There are also lights above each spot. Red means there is a car, and a green light means it's an open spot. So if you're driving down an aisle, you don't need to go slow and scrutinize every parking spot. Just look for that green light and get to it before anyone else does.
Ladies and Gentlemen......drumroll...... The Holy Grail of Las Vegas Buffets.......WICKED SPOON!!!!! . . I spend one weekend out of every month in Vegas. I've eaten at more buffets than I can remember. This one is what visions of Vegas buffets are about. I paid $35 for dinner and would have no qualms about paying $100. It was that good. Hope the Wicked Spoon managers don't read this review. . . The food was full of flavor. You really feel like they put a lot of effort into each dish. It was little explosions of delightful specialness in each bite. . . The waitress was terrible but the food made up for all her terribleness. There was a bottle of water on the table and that's all I needed from her. . . If you are a amateur chef. If you like food that has been paired correctly. If you want more than bland fried chicken, and tasteless deserts. This is the spot. . . Wicked Spoon: Please keep up your dedication to great food. . . One word: Delightful
BEST BUFFET I'VE EVER SET FOOT IN. It was worth every penny, yes, $36 worth PP!. . It's like...I was at an Iron Chef tasting but all you can eat!!! I fell in love..can't wait to come back. Vegas trip routine, I think so! . . Dessert...Heaven. Your eyes will get all glossy just looking at all the pretty elegant desserts. And your mouth...your mouth will water..lol. . Ever been to a buffet where everything was good? I have now after coming here.
Amazing buffet, especially for vegetarians! They had almost every type of cuisine and everything was fresh! Great selections of desserts, mains and perfect portions! The best value!!!!
The best buffet on the strip!!! Seriously!. . Very clean, big variety of tasty food, and the desert table is out of this world!!. Make sure to leave room for gelato - they have a big selection for a buffet :)). . The waiting staff is nice, polite and quick to bring you drinks.. . No big smelly carts with food leftovers and dirty plates rolling between the tables like in some buffets.
The breakfast buffet is so awesome. It's one of the best breakfast buffets I've ever been to...and I've been to many. Totally worth the money.
YES! Wicked Spoon was so awesome. Good food, beautiful restaurant, great service! Doesn't get much better than that. It seems like every detail was meticulously planned out, right down to the BEAUTIFUL placemats. I loved those so much that I wanted to take them home... Presentation really makes this place. Even the water bottles were very classy and Parisian. . . Wicked Spoon is a bit cheaper than the Bellagio Buffet by a few bucks, but they generally come out to be the same price. It's so easy to make your money's worth with the Prime Rib and Mashed Potatoes. I swear I could come here and eat just those two things all day! Some of the other foods looked amazing, but they didn't quite tickle my palette. A significant amount of the food items offered were on the salty side. My advice: pass on the Veal Burger, Tostadas, Green Curry Noodles, and Pasta, but eat lots and lots of Prime Rib, Mashed Potatoes, Angry Mac and Cheese, and anything in the desserts section! I usually don't eat desserts at buffets because I feel like it's a waste of prime real estate in my tummy, but Wicked Spoon's dessert selection is too classy to resist. After all, they have their own Gelato station!! The Mint Gelato is to die for with their wafer pearls. So cute and satisfying!. . Coming here, I felt like my boyfriend and I had the smallest table ever, so I was worried there wouldn't be enough room for all of my plates. Once I came back after getting more food though, I realized our table had already been cleared of our previous plates. Awesome and unbeatable service at a buffet!. . If you're deciding between the Bellagio Buffet and Wicked Spoon, go with the Bellagio if you want more variety since the Bellagio has a huge selection of good food all around. Some of the items at Wicked Spoon are a hit or miss, so I'd say Wicked Spoon is better for those with a smaller palette or those who want a fancier dining experience.
I came here for the SWEETS, baby! And that's what I piled up on. Hahaha :D. . So my friend Hanae recommended me to try this place the next time I'm in sin city. So that's what I did 2 wknds ago. We came for lunch. Long line to pay & then long line to wait for a table. Our server was this sweet Asian dude. . . Decor is very contemporary. This is the place for the younger crowds for sure. My mom didn't really like this buffet; she felt like it didn't offer much real quality food. But my mom is into seafood & the real Chinese food stuff. So we think differently, obviously. . . So like I said, this place is great for the younger crowds cause it has different things that we would like. I do wish they had more a variety of sushi. . . But the BEST thing about this place is totally their dessert selections. I made a plate of almost all of the different desserts they had. This one cute Asian dude said to me "Wow! That's like the ultimate platter of desserts! I need to do that too!" Hahaha.. :). . Definitely would come again in the future. Maybe not with my mom though.
WOW!!. im absolutely blown away by this buffet. Its one of the best ones i have gone to in vegas. Wynn and WIcked Spoon are tied in my book.. . The prime rib, angry mac n cheese, spaghetti, prime rib panini, shrimp cocktail etc are all pretty tasty. I didn't really have anything that was nasty. Most almost everything is fresh and tasty!. . Desserts are great as well. theres a variety of french macaroons, gelato, cakes and many tiny desserts. i absolutely love it here. next time im in vegas, i'm visiting the wicked spoon again!
This is the best buffet in Vegas, and that's really saying something. I wish I got the unlimited wine - they have some really nice options including stuff like a red from Peju, one of my favorite Napa wineries. I had duck confit ravioli, tomato risotto, a scalloped GENEROUSLY truffled potato dish, chocolate lava cake, macarons, mango sorbet - a lot of stuff that is unique or HARD to pull off in large quantities. Wicked Spoon feels like you're having 10 upscale dining experiences all at once.
I was in Vegas for my sister's graduation from medical school. Having a group of 40+ in our dinner party, it was just easier if we went to a buffet to get our grub on. Considering for most of our time out there, we went to many SUBPAR buffets, the Wicked Spoon redeemed the awesomeness of the infamous Vegas Buffet chow down.. . Things I loved:. . 1) Gelato Bar. 2) VARIETY - from home style American food, cerviche, chinese, japanese, salad bar, seafood bar, and dessert bar... LOVED IT ALL (especially the Basalmic Lamb shanks). 3) Super fast service to clear plates and refill drinks. 4) The environment is classy and far from cheesy. One could take their date here, and it would be totally appropriate. The atmosphere and food options are great, and semi-fancy.. . Things I didn't like:. Absolutely nothing. :)
For about 5 years wynn buffet was the place to go until i finally tried the wicked spoon. It was shockingly delicious. . I dont want any problems, do it.
Well where to start? This is one of the best Buffett in Vegas in my opinion. So many choices to choose from. My wife n myself went there almost everyday during our stay. My wife is Thai and she was so surprised when we found some pho soup there. Salads great, drink selection was also great, dessert is like transforming into a child all over again. Everything you can think of. Only thing that disappointed me was the Mexican section of the Buffett. Thank you Wicked Spoon for all the fun memories we will return.....Lol
Fatty fat fat fat day.  Let's round up from a 4.5 because I was disgustingly full after devouring everything I could here.. . Came here around 2pm on a Saturday and paid about $32 for the brunch buffet.  There wasn't a long wait and the place wasn't too crowded so off times are definitely worth going to if you want to avoid the lines and wait time.. . There's not variety here--there's your typical Asian side, Italian side, meats and poultry, salad and cold cuts, and desserts...but there's not much in each category.. . The desserts section was probably the highlight of this buffet.  Everything is beautifully crafted and the gelato selection is pretty impressive for a buffet.  I say their best item is the chocolate covered strawberries, large sized and oh-so-sweet tasting.  I'd take the strawberries without the chocolate and nuts coating any day.. . Food here is on the richer side so it's a minus that it's so heavy.  I can be stuffed after one or two plates, no problem.  My favorites at lunch time was probably the duck confit ravioli and one of their pasta salads.  I could overindulge on just those two.  Wasn't a huge fan of their meats (friend's piece of lamb looked really undercooked), but the Korean style BBQ ribs were on point.  I was also a fan of their gnocchi and angry mac and cheese (nice "angry" kick to it) though the gnocchi was more on the soft side--combine the two dishes and they taste spectacular together.. . Not too bad overall, Wicked Spoon...although I did have a problem with the flies flying around the cheese platter and fruit flies around the pineapple--fix that.
This place is hyped up by fellow Yelpers & foodies that I follow. And there are PLENTY of damn good reasons why it's hyped up. For one, it's the best damn buffet I've ever eaten at! . . We literally had less than 40 minutes to grab a quick bite to eat before heading over to The Orleans to watch the prejudging show for The 2012 Mr. Olympia. So me, being stubborn about the main places I wanted to hit up while we were in Vegas, still wanted us to dine here even though we wouldn't have enough time to even enjoy all the wonderful food they offer here.... . I paid about $82 for the both of us. Yep, the dinner price here is quite high but here's why I feel it was still worth it. 1) The seating arrangements are super fancy schmancy including the silverware, glass water bottle and cloth napkins on your table. 2) The waiter service is exactly like the service you would receive at a Michelin starred restaurant. 3) The FOOD! Delicious and quite fancy too.. . I really enjoyed the seafood selection they had here. Some of the items that I devoured that stood out to me was the bone marrow, yes! bone effing marrow at a buffet, the duck confit ravioli, the seared raw fish plates, the fried oysters, the shrimp ceviche...and oh gosh, so much more...but I can't seem to remember much because I literally devoured 7 full plates in 30 minutes. I'm a binge eater, and effin proud of it!. . The best station hands down here would have to be their dessert station. OMFG! Macarons, freshly baked red velvet white chocolate chip cookies, chocolate dipped waffle cones, fruit tarts with chocolate mousse, cheesecake, gelato, pecan pie and so so much more! I had 2 full plates of desserts. If we seriously had at least an hour or 2 to dine here, I would have ended up eating 10 plates of desserts alone. Amaze balls!. . I really really love how most of the food items here are portioned out into "spoons". Even though I have no portion control, I like the fact that I don't have to wait in a line to scoop any food out of a tray.. . Wicked Spoon, you won me over with your wicked wicked sweets! :D
Fantastic! Best buffet I've ever had! On the expensive side for somebody who's used to $9.00 buffets, but well worth it. The food was exceptional. Freshly cooked, well seasoned and tasty. I'd definitely return here.
Wicked Spoon is one of those places you really don't know where to start.  As a warning though, anytime that you try to go during weekends, the wait will be long... but tough it out, it's worth it.  And definitely get the mimosa/champagne upgrade.  Alcohol always makes eating more fun (and it deadens your pain and fullness receptors so you don't feel when you stomach will explode).. . Again, I really don't know where to start with the food.  There are so many options, and every option is pretty on point.  The meats, the fried foods, the classics, the ethnic foods... and oh yeah, the dessert station is epic (SAVE ROOM! because you will fill at least one large plate).. . Best buffet on the Strip? Umm, duh. Worth the wait? Hell yes.  Worth the try? Only an idiot would say no.. . Enjoy!
Sehr gutes Buffet, allerdings wirklich ein Brunch Buffet und kein normales Fruhstuck. Unbedingt mindestens ein Mal ausprobieren!
awesome food , perfect portions.great variety, watchout for warm plates at desert bar ( chilled plate best ) mac n cheese bar made to order = worth the wait. tip the guy , he deserves it. get creative. bottled water at table good also. wine at table $$$ added cost.  enjoy !  saturday dinner for 4 = $ 191.00  inc gratutity
OMG - if I could eat every meal here I would. Well worth the $28.. I absolutely love their baby-size portions. Allows you to sample all their delicious delights without overeating or leaving leftover food on your plate.. . I'm not even sure if I could pick a favorite food item I sampled. Honestly, I sampled a LOT and I swear every bite was better than the last. . . If you're looking for a phenomenal buffet experience in Vegas without a lengthy wait this one seriously has my vote.. . If I could give it 6-stars I would. Yes, it is that good!
Best buffet in Las Vegas. Vegas is supposed to have the best food but when it comes to buffets, it seems the pricier the more dissappointment there is. But not when it comes to Wicked Spoon.. . This buffet was great for two reasons. Variety and taste. B/c of the variety in choices in terms of taste buds and price, this is probably the easiest buffet to eat more than your moneys worth.. . Seafood: im indifferent about crab legs so if you need to have them, dont come at lunch. Im glad the seafood isnt only shrimp cocktail and crab legs like at other places. What i saw and remember: bowl of steamed mussels, GOOD sushi, shrimp cocktail, smoked salmon. . . Lets calculate. Steamed mussels are usually $7 as as appetizer. Eat 4 of the salmon nigri. And youve already eaten $17 worth before touching anything else.. . As far as sushi, they had other items that looked better than the sushi at any othee buffet but the nigiri is the only thing of restaurant quality.. . Other items I remember.... Gnocci (wrongly shaped, they were ball shaped and not very good.. Papparadelle pasta, omelette station, fruit (grapefruit, whole peaches and plums, grapes), spareribs (bf loved those. He ate a whole plate of them), steamed pork bun with pickled veggies. The bun was the kind they use to wrap peking duck, sausage patties, full sized pancakes, oatmeal, fried chicken, mac n cheese, their housemade sausage.. Desserts: original ice cream flavors (thai tea, caramel candy bar, mango passion, coffee with white chocolate crispies, and more), pastries, macarons, housemade marshmallow, fudge, carrot cake, strawberry shortcake, tiramisu, pecan tart.. . Things to note: the thai tea and mango passion ice cream were incredible. It tasted just like thai ice tea and the mango tasted like a real mango but in ice cream form. . Macaron filling was some kind of jam. I wasnt into it. Probably the worst macaron ive ever had. . Housemade marshmallow is enjoyable. Its not overly sweet.. . Anyways. Loved the variety in choices! Loved that it wasnt just crab legs, prime rib or the same stuff you see at other las vegas buffets.. . I will definitely be coming back. And other than possibly trying another buffet i havent tried, this will be the only buffet ill come tl from now on. The Wynn, Bellagio, Bayside and Rio are all just disappointments.
Best buffet I have ever been to in my life. Hands down. Not only does the variety span from eggs to Asian and steak to sushi, but every item tastes as if it was made in the top restaurant of it's respective category.
For a week day, the price of this buffet is a steal for the quality and selection of food. The bone marrow is delicious and so is their duck confit. They had a good selection of desserts including chocolate covered strawberries, strawberry balsamic gelato, and tiramisu.
Best Buffet I have ever been to!!!!!!!  absolutely and amazing selection!
Personally i dislike buffets, where basically your like cattle that come to feed with an impersonal experience, but i was curious on the huge rage of this place i got from friends and other yelpers, I think here the element of surprise is key, the culinary creations around every corner were appealing as well as tasty. Our hostess Cathy Or Kathy gave us insight to the whole buffet, I would'nt call this a buffet, but more like a culinary experience... Very much recomended... If your looking for cheap eats go Downtown...
One time I read a review that said, "You know you're a glutton when you're reading reviews of buffets." Yeah, pretty much. We went here for the weekday brunch and definitely ate our way through $22/ea. Mmmmm okay, I guess you can twist my arm into a free mimosa. After that, $9 per person for unlimited! That sounds like a belly and a head ache to me, but I'm sure many take advantage of it.. . I'm not sure which I like better--the newly redone Bacchanal Buffet or the Wicked Spoon. Both had exceptional quality, and I suppose I can't adequately compare the two since I have only had dinner at Caesars' and only brunch at Cosmopolitan. The brunch at Wicked Spoon was a lot more lunch than it was breakfast, though both meal offerings were delicious. I caught the tail end of biscuits and gravy in its own little bowl with onion strings on top. It was fantastic with its house-made sausage. Probably my favorite breakfast item--though like I said there weren't as many breakfast items to choose from. I missed out on the famed red velvet pancakes! It was sad, but I got over it pretty quickly with all the rest of the things I had to choose from.. . Lunch was awesome--sushi, angry mac and cheese (so good, SO GOOD), duck confit ravioli, pizza, carving stations. I will say that there aren't as many made-to-order stations here than at Caesars. No matter, though, I usually like to see what creations the chef has come up with with unlimited resources.. . And then, of course, are the desserts. I need to just start here next time. There were also breakfast pastries here, and I'm sure they get sad that they often get overlooked because everyone is busy with savory breakfast fare. I made up for whatever slight they feel by having two croissants, in addition to macarons, chocolate mousse cones, cookies, cakes, and my personal favorite of the day, a pumpkin cheesecake. Give me anything pumpkin or anything cheesecake in general--but when you combine the two, it's pure magic.. . I always feel like a bad person when I eat at a buffet, mostly because of all that food waste. I guess it's just something you have to accept (especially living in Vegas). However, I will say that Wicked Spoon, among others, has tried to curb food waste by serving the small individual portions, making me feel slightly less horrible about my first world existence. . . I would definitely recommend Wicked Spoon for its value only--still a week or so later I'm comparing the price of other meals I eat out to the $22 brunch. ("What? I paid $9 for this crappy mall Chinese food? That's half a buffet!") I want to try the dinner next!
I will never go to another buffet in Vegas.  this I solemnly swear.  so much variety, quality and perfect portion sizes.  I like that it's served up in little bowls, baskets, and plates... it saves me from making a mess of my plate.. . seriously, it's pricey... but it's worth it.
Loved this buffet!  This is perhaps one of the best buffets I have been to in Las Vegas and affordable.  The best part was that some of the food came in little pots and pans.  Also they don't have the janky self serve ice cream cone machine, but a whole case of Gelato!  I just about died and went to heaven...can't wait to come back, and next time for sure I will partake in the Endless Mimosa/Bloody Mary.
I was very fortunate to go here the opening week and was instantly BLOWN AWAY!!!. . First of all, I need to say that Wicked Spoon is pretty much a place I go each time I'm in Vegas (which is quite often).  It's located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino and to find it, it's a long walk to the back of the casino and upstairs one level.. . What makes it so great???. - unlike the standard buffet where there's one big tray per food item and you slop the food onto your place, this place individually plates each item into small dishes. - easy to pick up one tiny plate of an item. - bone marrow in the carving station. - leg of lamb. - omelette bar for brunch (w/ egg white option!!!). - asian section. - service is SUPERB. - the dessert station.... highlights include French macarons, homemade fudge, chocolate covered strawberries (regular, with crunch, with toffee), chocolate souffle, berry smoothies, and 12-16 gelatos.. . Dinners are about $32-37, brunches are about $27-30.  Much better than Bellagio and WAAAAAY better than the new Bacchanal at Caesars (which is $42 w/ a players card on a weekday). . Also, whether or not you gamble.... GET A PLAYERS CARD!!!  It's called Identity Club and Cosmo has a really good rewards program.  Get the card before you go to Wicked Spoon.  When you pay, hand them your players card with your payment.  They'll log the dollars you spent and earn rewards back.  Rewards can be used at any restaurant or store in the Cosmo, so that's pretty cool.  Turnaround is quick, like 24 hours quick.. . Bon apetite!
Based on breakfast/brunch:. . WHY DID IT TAKE ME SO LONG TO EAT HERE?!. . When it comes to buffets, it's mostly misses to me. Other than the Wynn buffet, no other buffet has made me take more than 2 trips (2 plates) for food. But this evil little place had me up and about 4 friggin times! Now granted I didn't eat everything that I took back to mytable. I just mainly sampled and put it aside if it wasn't to my liking. Once again, if you have a problem with that, read my review for the Wynn Buffet and then you can shut up about it. . . Anyways... they don't have a huge selection of food, but the food they do offer is scrumptious and the presentation is seriously unrivaled. Foods have their own little container/pot/serving. I'm assuming for aesthetics, but it's also great for me cause there's some kind of portion control. Instead of grabbing two ladles of mac&cheese, you just grab a mini sized pot of it. Very smart, Wicked Spoon. Very smart. . . My favorite part was their Nutella gelato. If you follow my reviews, y'already know how much I cry for Nutella. So please believe I had two cups of that chocolatey nutty goodness. *drool*. . It's weirdly decorated. Well it's supposed to look "wicked." They definitely accomplished that. Everything was set off with an orange backdrop of light. Tis a plus in my books seeing how I'm from the bay and my boys, SF GIANTS, just won the WS so bonus mothaeffin points. . . Ps. I believe you are entitled to a free mimosa. Free drank? Yes, please. . . TIP: If buffet's aren't really your thing, they do have a to-go option here. I believe it's about $16 and they give you a fatty ass container and a free bottled water, you stuff as much food as you can in the box, and go on your merry way. I haven't done it myself, but my friends have and they seemed quite pleased (and full). . . I will most definitely come back for lunch or dinner. Can't wait to get fat.
I dont usually like buffets, but this is pretty darn good.  Mini dishes served instead of just individual food items.  DEF will be back to Las vegas just for this buffet.
I came, I saw, I conquered.. . Dropped in saturday noon and the line moved swiftly. There was an unlimited mimosas, bloody mary, and champagne option for an extra 9 dollars. Like a champion I drank 14 mimosas. That comes out to 64 cents per drink. Job well done if you ask me. Picture included for proof.  . . The rest of the buffet was excellent. One of the main components of judginga buffet for me is the prime rib and steak cuts and both came out tender and juicy. The presentation of the dishes were superb. Other stand outs were braised beef and the sushi was surprisingly fresh. The desserts as well as gelato were abundant and came in many flavors. . . I think lunch was a 3 hour experience. All I remember when leaving was everybody had left and they were beginning to vacuum. 14 mimosas will do that to you.
Awesome buffet especially when I was hungover. So much variety and everything was cooked, baked, grilled to perfection. A must have dining experience!
WHAT? after coming here last year, I didn't write a review then?? Goodness, well I can write about it now since I went again recently this year.. . By far... the most delicious buffet I've gone to while in Vegas. I was a pretty big fan of the Buffet at the Wynn, but after coming here last year.. everything changed. Apparently the new thing this year is the Bacchanal buffet at Caesar's Palace.. however, I still opted to skip it after seeing their selection. I just prefer the food at the Wicked Spoon more.. along with it being cheaper than the Bacchanal.. . Came here midweek for dinner and though really crowded, the wait to get seated was basically non-existent... perhaps me and my party got there after the mad rush in or something.. dunno. Either way, the selection of food is always good. The gnocchi never ceases to be amazing, and the lamb at the carving station is always delicious.. . It's always on my list of go-to buffets when I'm in Vegas.. no question.. and without a doubt.. my favorite.
W.O.W!. I enjoy eating at buffets when I'm in Vegas and have tried a lot of the different buffets that each hotel has to offer. This has got to be one of the best I've tried here!. I love everything about this buffet and we only went during lunch time so I can't imagine the selection they have for dinner! I will definitely try dinner next time!. This buffet really caters to EVERYONE. I think it has a great mixture of items and dessert is amazing! The Gelato is to die for! Yummm mint chocolate crunch is my ultimate favorite!. . Service: Our server was nice and friendly although he had so much to do, he took care of us when we needed anything. . Food: Amazing! I basically loved everything I took. One of the best was the galbi. It was simply cooked and seasoned perfectly. Also, I loved how most of the items are plated into smaller portions so that you can just pick it up. This also helps control the portions I take, which I love! . . For $35 (after tax) (Brunch, I don't know the price for dinner maybe the same) but it was well worth its price! I'd recommend this place for buffet lovers in a heart beat.
I ventured to Wicked Spoon early Sunday hoping to beat the crowds along with my sister and boyfriend. Mission accomplished! There were only a handful of people ahead of us. . . I love how everything is plated on small servings so you can try many dishes. The favorite was definitely the short-rib over creamy polenta. I can only assume butter was the main ingredient (no complaints here!). . The coffee was served in large mugs which was appreciated since no one really sleeps at night in Vegas. . . The interior was very pretty and well-lit. . . For brunch, there were the normal dishes you see like omelettes, french toast, sausages, bacon, potatoes. Everything was made exceptionally well so the "norm" seemed elevated. The things that took it to the next level included Korean BBQ Short Ribs, individual baskets of fried chicken, endless flavors of gelato, and desserts.. . With buffets, you always fear that the items sit too long under the heat lamp but with this buffet, the turnover is so fast that everything is relatively fresh!. . Service was great.. . I would definitely venture back again even if the wait was long!  I love Vegas buffets because of the endless options. I think it's great value for the money if you can find a buffet that delivers. Wicked Spoon definitely delivered!
Hands down best buffet in town.
Wicked Spoon is different. . . We visited buffets at Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, Wynn and M resort, and found cosmopolitan's wicked spoon to be the most special and enjoyable. The other three buffets are all decent with lots of food selection, but they seem to be quite similar to each other. In Wicked spoon, most dishes are decorated and prepared individually into perfect sized portions, like how food is served in expensive non-buffet restaurants. Food taste is also excellent, must try.
Awesome selection of food and desserts! A bit pricey, but the variety and creativity of the dishes made it worthwhile.
This has been on the Vegas to-eat list for some time now, and believe me, I was glad to finally have checked off. My favorite items were the Korean barbecue, fried chicken, Duck Confit ravioli, and the short ribs. Had to get second helpings of the last 2 because they were just that darn good. Out of the desserts, I liked the panna cotta and the mini ice cream cones filled with chocolate mousse. This is right up there with the buffet from The M. I gotta go back!. . Helpful hint: If you're a mobile user on Foursquare, follow The Cosmopolitan on their app. And if you unlock the hotel badge when you check in, use it! Why? It gets you entry via their VIP line to the buffet, which means you bypass the regular queue and get to all that pheNOMenal goodness even faster. You're welcome.
Best buffet ever! I had the most difficult time trying to decide what to get. They have the best variety of everything! Sweets, meats, soups, veggies, and such. I love their decorations and how the food is presented. I know the cosmopolitan is gorgeous but wow they did not hold back at this restaurant. I will definitely be returning!
We went to dinner today ($39 per person) and it was wonderful.  . This buffet has so many choices that i could not even tryeverything. . What stood out for me:. - steak (it was very fresh). - shrimp with cheese. - risotto. - Mediterranean salad. - scalloped potatoes. They have a lot of choices of ice cream, but it tasted average in quality. . Pastries were an absolute paradise for someone like me who loves sweets.  I enjoyed as many pastries as i could with a cup of organic black tea. Unfortunately, I could not try them all (oh well next time).. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful.. We came around 5.30 pm and waited only 20 min. before we were seated.
My favorite buffet in the whole wide world is Wicked Spoon!  It feels like endless fine dining!. . The atmosphere is elegant, classy, upscale, and spacious.  The staff is so polite and friendly.  I love the waiters!  The moment I'm finished with a plate, they swoop over to ask if they can take it away.  It was a very luxurious experience!  . . Their drinks are no ordinary drinks.  Fresh squeezed juices and high end teas.  I've never experienced this at any other buffet.  . . The food was very high quality at such a low price!  I ate chilean sea bass and roasted bone marrow the most!  The chefs will adjust and make any of the dishes the way you want it.  Everything was cooked to perfection!  All the food were artfully presented in their own miniature plating.  The dessert bar was so good!  I love gelato, apple pie, and bread pudding.  . . If you love buffets, you must try this place!  It will change the way you view buffets forever!
I have been to this buffet twice, once for their Sunday champagne brunch (inexpensive bottomless mimosas??  Yes!) and once for dinner.  . . First of all, I am in LOVE with The Cosmo; I went to the grand opening and it has one of my favorite bars (Vesper), not to mention it is gorgeous!  The Wicked Spoon is my current favorite buffet as well-- the food is AMAZING.  It is really hard not to over eat here because it all tastes so good and the layout is nice so that there really are no super crowded areas (at least there weren't any jam-ups while I was there).  Wine is reasonable for the Strip ($20/bottle for the house cab) and I loved all the little mini serving dishes.  . . The service was standard for a Strip buffet (not the speediest) but our waitress was friendly and it IS a buffet..... . If you're on the strip and debating whether or not to try out this place, DO IT!  You and your belly will be happy you did!
Been to almost all the buffets in Vegas.  This one is the best.  quality quality quality.  They have everything that most great buffets do.  However, the quality was a step above.  They have great chefs working in the back and the food shows.  The attention to detail, the seasoning, the searing, the temperature...all on point.
I was under an impression that Wynn Buffet is the best buffet in Vegas strip but after visiting Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan, I have my doubts... . . Price: Price is comparable. I think Wicked Spoon is little more expensive by maybe 4 dollars or so. I paid $42 including tip. . . Interior: Wicked Spoon wins hands down. Its interior goes hand to hand with the Cosmo interior and I really liked it. Wynn Buffet's interior is nice too but to me, it doesn't appeal much. . . Food selection: Here is where things get interesting. I'm not sure if Wicked Spoon has less selection but I think the kitchen area is smaller. Wynn Buffet has more "stations" to go to and pick different kinds of food. In terms of selection, Wynn Buffet wins by hair. It didn't help that my friend and I went to the buffet an hour before the last serving time, which was 9:15pm. . . Taste / quality: I think this is where Wicked Spoon gets my vote over Wynn Buffet. The presentation and the taste of the food served at Wicked Spoon were amazing. Portions were smaller for some dishes and I actually like it that way since it helped me to control the amount of food I ate. The dishes at Wicked Spoon were more exotic and unique than the dishes at Wynn Buffet. . . Service: I think service were equally good at Wynn Buffet and Wicked Spoon.. However, the service I got from Wicked Spoon were extremely good. Dishes were taken away really quickly and drinks were served almost right away. They asked if we needed anything few times and were very cordial. . . Thanks Cosmo and Wicked Spoon for a great dining experience!
Good quality food. Good choices in food type. Server didn't come back for a while for refill, but never had a plate still on my table when I came back with more food.
Beyond the corrdors of the Cosmopolitan lies an amazing, amazing place.  Wicked Spoon Buffet.  I spent over 2 hours here indulging in food heaven.  I tried nearly every dish and I can truly say experienced a one-of-a-kind Vegas Buffet.. . I arrived at 10:30 and did the Breakfast Brunch buffet.  I ordered the $9 Bottomless Mimosas/Bloody Marys/Champagne and got MORE than the worth out of it.  (6 drinks for $9?  I think that's a yes.)  Let me just preface that the description of the meal that follows was available for a mere $26.  (including tax.). . In reading reviews, it seemed that a common theme was a lack of service, but let me tell you... my server took EXCELLENT care of me.  I can't remember her name, but she was super attentive.  Always ready to clear plates, had the mimosas and champagne flowing.  (Sometimes we didn't even have to ask for another one!) and was friendly, professional, and just a great all-around server.  (I'm in the industry, so I'm a harsh critic when it comes to service..)  Service gets a 5/5 for SURE!. . The atmosphere was great too!  It's a huge restaurant, but the warm glow from the funky chandeliers and the walls make it cozy.  Though it wasn't super busy, there was a great buzz from the other guests, too!  Atmosphere: definitely 5/5. . . And then there';s the food.  First off, there's like 8 stations? (Maybe 7, maybe 9..? Not sure.  All I know is there is a TON of food to choose from.  And I tried my damndest to try it all!). . Dish highlights:  Short Rib & Mashed Potatoes, Panzanella Salad, Duck Confit Ravioli, Angry Mac & Cheese,  Fresh House-Made Italian Sausage. . Great, but wouldn't go back for seconds: Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict, Steamed Clams.  It seemed both of these dishes sat under the heat lamps for too long and became overcooked.  The poached egg for the benedict was completely cooked through and the steamed clams were pretty tough.. . The desserts were all great -- but at that point, I was so full I could hardly taste anymore..... . Honestly, I tried so many of the items and they all were great!  But the highlights are definitely MUST-TRY dishes.  . . Overall food? 5/5.. . If you didn't catch my drift, this place is AWESOME!
The food was unique (boar meat sliders, Bone marrow, Crab legs, Octopus) and included Asian (Japanese, Chinese, Korean), French, Italian, Southern and New American (including Prime Rib). The salad and dessert bars were excellent - especially the gelato. The food was tasty, non-greasy, freshly made, and in small tapas-sized portions (so you could taste most things without pigging out - although that said, it is AYCE). The service was right there to replace empty plates before returning to your seat, and the free non-alcoholic drinks were promptly refilled. The best buffet I every ate at in LV. $40 for dinner midweek.
Visited here friday for lunch around 12:45. No line, but lots of customer's inside. There was a total of 4 of us. Lunch is $24 plus tax we didnt upgrade to the unlimited mimosa's.  Love the decor of this buffet. Lot's of food to chose from; didn't try everything but heres what i remembered...i was happy with the flavor of practically everything...korean ribs, bbq ribs, lots of grilled veggies, fried chicken, grilled chicken, prime rib, slabs of bacon, bone marrow, pizza, garlic breads, calamari, raviolli,  lots of lamb entree's, cereals, pastries, fruit, a few salads, sushi, omelette station, tons of desserts we were in heaven.  We will def go back.
I'm doubling down on this hands down!! One of THE best buffets I've been to thus far in life. I'm not one for buffets either so this actually coming out of my fingertips is definitely something to pay attention to!. . Real.Talk.. . There is food of all kinds, textures, colors...it's blatantly amazing.  There's a breakfast/omelette station, carving station, sushi station, etcetera etcetera...Plus a full blown dessert galore station including Gelato...Oh Man!  I had to pace myself and count out my bites just so I didn't get too full too fast.  I wanted to try everything!  We topped off our brunch with some bottomless mimosas - like the food, the servers kept them mimosas comin'!  Good job!. . The restaurant is fabulously decorated, spacious and clean.  There was adequate seating and space for large parties.  Be sure to make this a restaurant to experience before leaving Las Vegas.  You will regret not going here, and I'm so not even playing...
This is now officially a must everytime we are in Vegas.  Our second visit was just as wonderful as the first.  There was some new items to choose from.  We tried pig tail.  Pig tail!  My boyfriend commented to the server on how good it was and asked what it was.  He's so silly.  Surprise! It was actual pig tail.  There are so many options to chose from.  The salmon was cooked spot on. Some of the best I've had.  One could actually eat a decent healthy meal here if the wanted.  But what kind of crazy person would go to a buffet and do that??! The gelato bar is out of this world.  My only complaint is that I eat too much here.  There is so much good stuff that I can't help myself.  I'm a skinny girl but I eat like a fatty when I come here. Not the best place to come right before going out.  I always end up in a food coma not wanting to move. The food is very high qaulity.  It doesn't look or feel like a buffet at all.  It's like eating at a fancy restraunt but you get to eat till you're stuffed and the price for two people is under $100.
We did the lunch buffet for $32 and it was splendid. Oh, we threw in $9 for the free flow mimosas too. Hell Yeah! The spread was awesome. Worthy of mention - the duck confit ravioli, the braised short ribs, the prime rib, bone marrow (ooo la la  - this is the in-food now , hello cholesterol), bowl of clams. The gelato bar was amazing and I had my favorite nutella. I love how they give you servings in their lil pots. Oooo I would so come back again. I heard the dinner spread has more fresh seafood so maybe next time.
This is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas!  I went here for dinner on a Saturday night at around 7pm, and there was a really short line (this is probably not common though).  . . I love how they displayed each dish.  Everything is pre-portioned and served in individual little containers, making it super easy to try multiple things without getting too much of one thing.  The portions were perfect for me!  And you could tell so much care and time was put into the presentation of each dish.  I pretty much loved everything I tasted.  . . They even have a mac n cheese bar!  Unfortunately I wasn't able to try it, since I wanted to try everything else and mac n cheese is just too heavy for me at a buffet.  One of my favorite parts was their gelato bar...so many flavors to try!
Yes, Please! $40 for an endless gourmet buffet- how could you go wrong??. . I usually stay at the Cosmo, so going to Wicked Spoon is just a few floors downstairs! All the food is either placed in its own dish for you, or a food service person will place it on your plate. - So there is no need for anyone else's hands to touch your food like other yucky buffets. . . There is Everything from veggies, salad, fruit, grade A meat, to dessert and charcuterie.  Drinks are extra, but it's fun to stay longer with friends to digest your 'first meal' then get seconds!. . I love everything Cosmopolitan :)
I am not usually a fan of buffets but before heading to Las Vegas I took some time. to read about several places that were of note, especially within my hotel.. Wicked Spoon was apparently one of them.. . . Not your traditional buffet, the portions were individual and of fantastic quality. No spooning your eggs out of a mass vat here or harsh heat lamps. For example; look at the above mini eggs benny!?. .  Each table was given a large glass bottle of Aquahealth water and of course unlimited coffee, juices etc and if you paid a bit extra, unlimited mimosas, bloody mary's or champs!. . I am a sucker for miniature versions of things..the takeout boxes they put the asian cuisine in were no exception. Also offered: korean bbq, miniature fried chicken drumsticks that come in your own little fryer basket, prosciutto pizza, duck confit ravioli with sage (sweet and savory perfection) beet and arugula salad and so much more.. . I loved that even though it was morning there were excellent lunch options. which I sampled without holding back (it was for research!). . Other dishes of note: the chicken apple sausage was heavenly, mini croissants, hash, fruit/cheese bar, sausage station in general, asian fusion area and a carving station.. . I had read that Wicked Spoon previously did not have labels on everything to. encourage conversation about the food. That has since changed which made. things pretty convenient.. . The service was impeccable - I would return indefinitely and recommend. it highly if and when you return to Vegas next!
Yeah, this is pretty much the best buffet in Vegas. They have unique and original dishes that straight up rival anything you are going to find at any sit down restaurant.   And it's not just typical buffet food which is totally refreshing. When my wife said "take me to this buffet that will cost $60 a pop" I thought " Baby you are completely insane". Then I went. Now I feel stupid, because it is worth every penny .      Also the service was stunning for a buffet. Most buffets have the obligatory former bartender or cocktail server reaching their twilight years, but the service was effective and personal. I don't normal tip the typical 15%-20% for buffet service because my rational is that their role in the experience is limited. I think I tipped that guy like 25% of the total check. That how great the service is. Go here if you can. End of story.
Okay...when in Vegas it seems customary to splurge your way into the many buffets on the strip. Sure, you may opt for the $18.99 buffet with the prime rib (or so we hope it is) OR you can indulge in something more Wickedly amazing! Wicked Spoon Buffet is sure to fulfill your appetite. Say no to cafeteria styled buffet catering and say HELLO to a luxury all you can eat paradise.. . Set in the super chic Cosmopolitan hotel surrounded by Modern decor, each food serving is served in individual mini platters with an abundance of food from every ethnic background you can think of. Fresh Italian cured meats?...oh yeah...Fresh seafood with all the chilled shrimp and crab legs you can eat?...oh yes...and a fully stalked ice cream bar?...hell yeah! Into fine wines? No fear...they have a wine dispenser for a little extra fee.. . This is fine buffet dining at it's best (as if there were such a thing...right?) It's definitely worth the price. Splurge and indulge...it's Vegas after all!
I've been to many buffets, but this is absolutely the best buffet.  Even for the people who do not like buffets, this place would rank high up there as a regular restaurant.  The food is fresh and delicious.  It is presented well on display.. . This beats out Bellagio and The Wynn, in taste and price.  They charge kids, kid's price, not adult price like Bellagio.  . . Great price, great taste, great presentation,  Highly recommended!
Excellent buffet! Everything was fresh, hot, and portion sized! Get the salads and Korean galbi!. . I also enjoyed their huge slices of heirloom tomatoes, salt&pepper calamari, green beans, king crab, and huge selection of desserts!
My family and I have been to this Cosmopolitan buffet twice -- once for the breakfast/brunch buffet a couple years ago and once for dinner this year. Both times: amazing! The first time, we squeezed it in after being disappointed with the Aria buffet and after my friend suggested Wicked Spoon. It is probably the best breakfast/buffet buffet I've been to, ever. The concept of having the buffet food on its own, separate plates turned out to be pleasing and to me, easy enough to adjust to -- you just have to balance your tiny plates neatly on the big plate. Haha.. . I remember a lot more of the dinner buffet because it was just two days ago. The prime rib was some of the best I've had...I think my eyes must have popped after I took the first bite. Haha. I did not expect the slice to be that tender and tasty -- and that was for a medium/well-done slice. The first slice I got was rare (I forgot to specify, and I'm not a fan of extensive blood on my plate so I didn't eat it.) The duck ravioli was also tasty. Five creamy pieces to a cup. You can also make your own pasta (a macaroni bar). The table next to us enjoyed boxes of take-out steamed rice and Korean ribs. The mushroom risotto, although I was expecting to see chunks of mushroom (which I didn't), was flavorful as well.. . The seafood here was good, but my family and I remember the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace a lot more. There might have been more seafood options there as well, but I'm not certain about that. . . The grilled salmon here was perfectly cooked -- slightly crispy and flaky. My mom loved the crispy shrimp. She thought they were even better than the ones at the Chinese restaurants we go to. . . Finally: gorgeous, delicate desserts. A wide variety of gelato, which my sister loved. Chocolate dipped strawberries, various puddings and cake slices. I particularly enjoyed the coffee cake/tiramisu -- so rich! . . I'm glad that they have bottles of water on each table so that you don't even have to ask for water. It becomes a great convenience over the course of the meal. My waiter unfortunately was on and off, but service overall was friendly.. . Also, very nice restrooms too for after you digest. . . We didn't have to wait at all, and the lady said there is usually no wait unless it is a holiday and that the brunch/breakfast wait is typically longer. Definitely going back next time!
The food is good but if you like sweet staff you will love this restaurant. The best of this buffet is the desserts, to many choices! The price is good for the food that you receive and even thought the day that I went was crowded (Dec 25) the service was ok. I recommend this place.
This is a must try buffet if you come to Vegas. This place puts all the other buffets to shame. It's hard to earn 5 stars from me but I was very happy all around. You come here for the "quality" of thefood and the quantity. It's a bit pricey at $35 a pop for brunch but def worth it imo. From service to quality of food was exceptional. After, this first visit it has made me raise the standard of buffets. Then again you don't usually spend that much on an ayce place.. Anyways once you come here it will make you smile and want to try everything.
The food was so good! And they have all you can eat macarons.
Best buffet in Vegas!  Better than Bacchanal.. . On a Friday night, there is no line after 6pm.  We waited in line before it opened for dinner at 5 pm because we thought the line would be long but around 6, we looked out the door and saw that there was no line.  . . The food was just as good as Bacchanal but without the lines so do yourself a favor and eat here instead of waiting in line at Bacchanal for 3 hours.  . . The selection of food is a little less than Bacchanal but each dish was good.  For example, Bacchanal had fried rice which looked so bad that I didn't even try it.  The fried rice at Wicked Spoon was delicious.   Ditto for the green tea I ordered.  Bacchanal serves bigelow tea bags (the cheapest teas you can buy) but the Wicked Spoon served high end green tea that you would find at Whole Foods.  . . None of the food stations had long lines.  I would eat here again!
Out of all the Buffet in Las Vegas Cosmo had it all on their plates.. likewise, wayne had it all too. lol
FOOD HEAVEN. SERIOUSLY. SRLY GUYS.. . This is THE best buffet that I have been to and I even came here for the brunch! The selection and quality (yes, quality) is superb here, not to mention it is in the Cosmo hotel in Vegas. You really get some top notch food for only $23 on weekday brunches here. Their dessert selection is amazing with gelatto selections as well! I really enjoyed their shrimp and breakfast selection here. They had sushi and the typical buffet food as well.
For $40 I thought this was a pretty darn good deal. Nice ambiance, service, and best of all, really good and interesting food. You won't find any gross giant chafing dishes of buffet food here; instead, most items come on their own individual serving plates/dishes, which contributes to the high-end feel of this place. While they have your prime rib (excellent), pasta, and all the other usual dishes you expect at a buffet, they also offered some some out-of-ordinary fare which I greatly enjoyed, like the roast bone marrow (accompanied by toast and sea salt, yum!), sauteed calves liver, and beef tongue shepherd's pie. They had a kale salad that was divine, and there was very little to fault with any other offerings I tried. I thought the Korean BBQ galbi was a little on the fatty side, but not bad. Their dessert selection was pretty outstanding as well, with a Thai Iced Tea ice cream that was out of thisworld! My friends and I had a great time and was appropriately stuffed by the time we waddled out of there. This changed my idea of a buffet forever, and I am looking forward to my next visit.
Went here with my son and daughter in law for my birthday. It was excellent to say the least.. . We decided to add the all you can drink wine option. Probably should not have done that. The wine was good but you only have the choice of white or red...no variety. They did keep the glasses full though.. . Come ready to try different types of food than you would normally see at a buffet. As others have said the food is amazingly fresh and flavorful. The service was top notch. We were there two hours because we just had to keep nibbling on some of our favorites.
Must come! Good. Food, good services, many choices! It is 100 times better than bellagio. Only $22 for brunch. You will get plenty of food and choices. Dun miss this!
This place is by far the best buffet I've dined at! The foods are portioned so that the individual can potentially try every food there! I've come here for brunch and dinner, and surely the omelet bar was my favorite.  The quality is absolutely excellent and is definitely worth the money.
pricey----worth it. . Yes, rumors were true. . . Variety of selections!. . excellent presentations...loved the mini baskets for the fried foods---yes i wanted to take it but didn't lol. . Quality was good..not like other buffets. . location of the restaurant in Cosmo was a JOURNEY! . . Definitely worth a trip back. . My favorite was the braised short-rib. Yum!
We came almost 40 minutes before they closed and I have to say I'm impressed. . . The food selection was abundant and everything tasted so good. It was a great presentation of everything; mini to go boxes full of rice, little skillets with food, mini desserts. They're gelato wasn't actually gelato which disappointed me a bit but everything else made up for the psuedo gelato. . . The price was reasonable and it includes soda, tea, and coffee which was good. I hate when buffets charge extra for soda's or drinks. . . Definitely  coming back when I go back to Vegas.
I don't dine at many buffets nor do I really enjoy them when I do but that wasn't the case here..Due to a drunken friends challenge after a nightclub, we found ourselves on the road to Vegas with no hotel rooms booked or proper amount of clothing packed..With no sleep we strolled into Wicked Spoons, now I'm not sure if it was the lack of sleep or mental exhaustion but this place hit the spot, hence the story... . We got there for breakfast and were seatedfairly quickly, the buffet seemed larger than most and had a full variety of FRESH food..I found many items I was happy with and actually enjoyed, generally I find buffets to be unsatisfying and bland.. . Service was solid, don't recall the cost but it was well worth it.
I've been to almost all the major Vegas buffets, including the ones in Bellagio, Wynn, Paris, and M Resort, and this one knocks em all outta the water. The food is top quality but not only is it yummy-licious with amazing and interesting variety (no generic, boring grub that can be found at any and every buffet) to please palettes of all ages & ethnicities, the PRESENTATION is refreshing, original, and will make you reach for your smartphone to Instagram your meal all night long.. . Happy Nom Nom!
I used to think that bellagio had the best champagne brunch. Wicked spoon is much better. Don't come here if you are expecting pancakes and waffles. Their food is gourmet and delicious. Angry Mac and cheese is amazing, great braised short rib, and perfect leg of lamb. Well worth the $$. Did I mention its a champagne brunch??
I have not been to too many buffets in Las Vegas but the presentation of this buffet is amazing! It was definitely worth the wait!
If you are looking for a midweek discount to do buffets this is the place to go.. . Located at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, Wicked Spoon offers small scrumptious servings - a shot of ceviche, a creme brulee - in cute mini pots and baskets.. . Pass on the sushi - meh. . . The prime rib was juicy and tender, the raw salmon is delish yet not fishy, and the best part of all are the desserts, the ice cream was fab!. . plus a complimentary drink of your choice - besides coffee, soda and juice you could also have either champagne, mimosa or a bloody Mary.. . The weekend brunch costs $30, but weekdays it's a steal at $22.
I never thought that I would ever come across a Vegas buffet that was better than the Wynn buffet until I tried Wicked Spoon. I also tried Le Village buffet at Paris and the Spice Market buffet at Planet Hollywood.I wanted to go to Wicked Spoon for about a year. My sibling recommended it to me. The popularity of Wicked Spoon was definitely spread through word of mouth. . Wicked Spoon served so many delicious dishes that you just couldn't eat them all! I ate three plates for dinner. Two for entrees, and one for dessert. I tried the following for dinner:. . King crab legs. Seared salmon with capers. Cooked shrimp in grits. Pork tenderloin at the grill. Korean BBQ beef ribs. Mini burger. Fried calamari. Shoyu ramen. Parmesan risotto. Sauteed greens. Sweet potato. Macarons. Vanilla gelato. Chocolate mousse with berries . Chcolate covered strawberries. . Every serving was insanely delicious and dazzled my taste buds! I loved how some of the servings were served in little bowls, plates, cauldrons, and saucepans. Everything I devoured was top-notch! Nothing tasted bland. Everything was flavorful! I ate and ate and ate until I couldn't eat anymore. That was how good Wicked Spoon was! I was in Vegas buffet heaven! I never knew the true meaning of gluttony until I came here. . . Wicked Spoon was so good that I decided to come back the next day for lunch! I tried the following:. . Yogurt parfait with berries. Bacon. Chicken apple sausage. Pineapple. Smoked salmon with capers. Pancake. Crab cake. Parmesan risotto. Eggs benedict. Chinese pork. Miso soup. Sweet apple tart. Black forest cheesecake. . I was glad that some of the dishes that they served for lunch were different than dinner which meant that I got to try more dishes. The only thing that was missing at lunch were the King Crab legs. The buffet also didn't serve creme brulee or crepe either. But that's okay because their dessert bar was amazing! . I will definitely always eat at Wicked Spoon whenever I return to Vegas!
For the cost, food quality, and wait time it bets the Bachannal buffet.  It cost and wait we're not considered, I would say this one is not the Vegas buffet option.  However, having eaten at the top Vegas Buffy's back to back, repeatedly every other weekend...this Buffy moves to the top.  For a family of four, to kids, holiday weekend, at 6pm, we had minimal wait, currently nice service staff (I am glad to see they removed some toxic people that no longer appear on weekends).  The cost for this gourmet buffet was $115/4, discounted price for two kids.  It had all the choices of food that I actually eat and not stuff my eyes eat.  Yes, Bachannal has more selection, but there is only so much that I can eat and kids can never eat, so for the dollar value and overall experience, I am back at wicked spoon.  There are gourmet salad selections, healthy choices.  The core entree choices included whole pig, multiple chicken choices, marrow, multiple beef, fish, snow crab not Alaskan king, dessert galore but no Mochi ice cream.  Sushi and dimsum were better at Bachannal, but I left there feeling bloated, here I left feeling healthy.  I go to nuggets for the selection, diversity, and now freshness, not volume.  If you want volume, go to any cheap Vegas buffet. Gourmet buffets are the healthy trend, smaller portions, freshly made, with amazing diversity.  My favorite desert remains the wicked spoon sweet potato flan with fresh cape gooseberry.  My favorite salad is also the wicked spoon kale & cranberries.  The appetizer award also goes to wicked spoon with their braised scallops and crab, yes the portions are microscopic, but I took four of those and then moved onto the gourmet mushrooms.  Wicked spoon won my vote for keeping only the best buffet items available at the right wait time and price.  There is a ceiling price n wait time for even the best buffet, beyond that and you loose customers. Currently, this is the perfect spot.  Next month, who knows?
The buffet was not cheap but between the amazing food and my endless bloody mary's it was worth every penny.   I arrived at 11 am on a Sunday to no lines and immediate seating.    We enjoyed buffet staples like the omelet bar and the tower of bacon but also some standouts like bone marrow and scallops.  I loved the individual portion sizes for items like the Angry Mac & Cheese and the short ribs.  I would definitely come here again if I end up in Vegas.
Woohoo, properly one of the best buffet I have had. Nice service and clever idea about the small size portion. They look very cute. Each piece is like a piece of art. I am coming back  to try out the brunch with my hubby for Valentine's day.. . Not crazy about the bone marrow but the mash potato and mushrooms are great. Oh salad are amazing too.
Wicked Spoon may just be my fave buffet on the Vegas strip so far... It's located in the beautiful Cosmopolitan Hotel, and of course because of its location has a very trendy and chic feel to it. . . Like most buffets, this buffet is organized by cuisine --  salad, Chinese cuisine, sushi, pasta/pizza, and carvery items, but there is so much more to it than what most other buffets offer! Not only do they have your basics but they have a lot of specialty dishes like Kalbi ribs, pork belly buns, gnocchi, risotto, pork loin, beef stews, seared fish, even stations for noodle soups!! All the items are beautifully plated onto smaller cups/bowls/plates/dishes so that you can just grab and go! I think this is a great idea, because you really get the sense of detail the chefs put into their dishes and it really cuts down food waste. . . I know $30 sounds a bit steep for a lunch buffet, but honestly you won't find a better deal than that in Vegas... so why not spend it somewhere worthwhile? I've tried a few other buffets, and I think it's safe to say that Wicked Spoon is my favorite.
The Wicked Spoon Buffet is simply amazing. All kinds of food are available to you, and the desserts are pretty delicious too. If you're on the strip, this buffet is definitely worth a trip to!
Beautiful interior, attentive waitstaff, and oodles of well-kept, well-stocked food stations.  I wasn't prepared to be as impressed as I was, but the pretty food -- yes, pretty! -- kept on calling my name and encouraging me to have *just* a little more.  I enjoyed everything I sampled: prime rib, kalbi, sushi, veggies, pasta....I didn't find anything overcooked or undercooked.  The desserts were also good, which was actually a relief.  Too often, I find that desserts at a buffet LOOK amazing, but fall short on taste.  Not here, at least to my tastebuds.  . . Weekday lunch to dinner turnover starts at 2pm, so don't expect more food to be brought out to the stations after 2pm (for lunch, that is).
Wow this was some next level stuff. Every dish is quality and a lot of them are world class and you get to choose which one(s) you want! I actually loathe buffets but I would come back to this one again!!!
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. . Food quality: 5/5. The food is impeccable. It all tastes amazing and they have such a wide selection of food. I started with some high class salads, not just your normal Caesar and Chinese Chicken salad. I also got some deviled eggs, made myself a charcuterie plate with some great select cheeses and some preeemium meats. I then had some prime rib with bone marrow and a char siu bao (pork bun). The waiter was even nice enough to bring me out some mac n cheese when they didn't have any. To finish, I had some Salty Peanut Caramel gelato (they have gelato!).. . Customer service: 5/5. They are the nicest people there. The waiter made sure we had our drinks filled at all times and when I asked him if they had any or were planning on making any mac and cheese, he went and asked and then told me they would specially make me some. How cool is that?? He brought it out within 10 minutes and it did not disappoint.. . Ambiance: 5/5. Keeps up with the chic, modern theme of the rest of the hotel. It's not bright around the sitting area, but it's not dark. The food is all well lit and presented nicely (they had little miniature stainless steel pots for a lot of the dishes. I was super impressed with everything.. . Overall experience: 5/5
I have been to most every Buffet in Vegas including the one at the Wynn.  This is the best by far.  Went there for diner.  Everything was well prepared and tasty.  The food and variety where excellent.  Service was great.  Want to go back for brunch the next time.
My boyfriend and I were craving a buffet and i wanted to try a new buffett since i have been to a lot of them being from Vegas. I searched on google for best buffets and Wicked Spoon topped the list and you know what i have to agree.  We walked in and I paid it was a little pricey with 2 buffets and $16 tip it was $100 but WELL worth it. There wasnt any crappy cheap meats or frozen food here.  It was gourmet from the bone marrow and fish to lamb duck and a ton of desserts, lots of separate dishes at each station instead of one big huge catering dish to dig into.  The service was good. it wasnt packed and we stuffed ourselves silly with great food. I will definately be back my favorite was the sundried tomato mashed potatoes. yummmm
I went to the Breakfast Buffet on Saturday, 2/16/13; while my family and I were in Vegas.  We ALL were in awe of the selection, quality and quantity.  Some reviewers are stating they paid less than us, but the price is $38 per person.  I hope Cosmo doesn't read this; as they can charge MORE for this treat!  . . The staff was terrific.  However, we would've like some more plate clearing help.. The food was so exciting and the portions were "sample" size and perfect for a brunch sitting.  I hate to waste food and only take what I might eat, so I loved the smaller portions.  I was able to try a variety of dishes that I would not normally imbibe.. . I read the other reviews on here, but everyone one has a different experience.  Our beef stew was so moist, delicious and succulent.   . . My sister is a chef and was admiring some of their unique dishes and presentations.. . Their dessert selection is amazing.  I had to take pictures, while we had assortments on our plates, as they are pure art (to see and eat:)). . THANK YOU ,Cosmo, for having such a wonderful locale!
Went here with my buddy who had 2 free comps for the breakfast buffet.. . The service was excellent!. . The food was as good as it gets in Vegas! They had everything for breakfast in "tapas" style servings (small portion). . . I really like the atmosphere and the food was really good.. . Our server told us that the Wicked Spoon buffet makes all the food from scratch and not already pre-made and then put in warmers like other buffets.. . The water on the table was first sold at $5 a bottle for something like 5 stage filtered water, but now it comes with the buffet and is very clean tasting water. Probably the best I've had.. . Overall this is a 2 thumbs up Buffet! Give it a try!
Best buffet I've had. Came here for breakfast on a Saturday.  Bottomless mimosas, champagne or Bloody Mary's (and you can mix them up) for $9 extra was completely worth it, and the waitress brought us tworounds at a time, plus gave us to-go cups. Food was amazing as well.
I've only been to one other buffet on the strip (wynn) and this one blows it out of the water.  if you're thinking about going here... just go!  you won't regret it!
Family of 4, and we all absolutely loved it. . . We got there at 4:30 on a Saturday, and got in line to wait for it to open at 5:00. There was already a line. We paid before 5, $41 each for adults, and $15 for children under 12 (which was a major win for us. My 10 year old went for the duck, lamb, crab, sushi, etc.) and were seated at 5, on the nose. Our waiter was friendly and prompt. . . I started at the salad bar. I had roasted beet salad, bread salad, prosciutto and amazing cheese, caprese salad, and a few other things. Everything was fresh, prepared well, and tasty.. . From there, I went to the Asian section and had a spicy tunaroll, soup, Chinese BBQ ribs, and a little beef with broccoli. While I understand some people loved the small plates/small pots etc., I did not. I wanted a taste, and there were a few things I simply didn't want to eat that much of.  . . From there, I went to the Italian section. The two highlights of the night were found there - Duck Ravioli, which was melt in your mouth incredible, and Asiago Gnocchi with Lamb Ragu. Uh.Maze.Ing. . . From there, American and French sections. I had the beef tongue shepard's pie (would have loved a bite of it verses the small pot. I was stuffed) and it was really good. A few other dishes including sweet potatoes, creamed spinach.. . My 3 guys had prime rib, roasted pork, and they all loved it. My oldest teen is a sea food lover and had the shrimp cocktail and several crab legs. He loved them.  . . And then the desserts. Oh my word, the desserts. We all got different things, and tried bites of each. The pecan tart, The Opera Cake, and several others. Everything was a hit. . . Seeing people give it one star just blows my mind. Having eaten at some of the finest dining restaurants in Las Vegas, I simply do not understand. We all agreed it was expensive, but worth every penny. We are locals, and while getting to the Cosmo is an absolute nightmare, and the price is high, we will definitely be back.
Waw! A huge and various buffet for a democratic price in the heart of Las Vegas! Sweet or salty, hot or cold, american, european or asian...everybody will find his own taste. Don't miss the Mimosa for a real Brunch. Can't wait to go back there...
Endless kalbi and bubbly... perfection.. . Go early on the weekends, though, or you'll have to wait forever for that perfect kalbi and bubbly.
Wicked Spoon was wicked delicious and by far is my current FAVORITE brunch buffet in Vegas. After eating at the Wynn, Caesar's Palace, and Bellagio I can honestly say that the food at Wicked Spoon is fresher/more delicious and the presentation top notch. We will definitely be back!
Excellent customer service. Lamb and Bone marrow was delicious. you can get your crab legs steamed while you wait. My kids loved the atmosphere and of course the ice cream section was their favorite.
Are you kidding me? This buffet is ridiculous. I was hesitant when i saw the price but holy cow do you get your money's worth! I will definitely be back! I only wish I had two stomachs to fit all the options, I only made it through about half!
We went there for brunch and it was AMAZING! We eat fish but not other meat and there was so many options. I loved the variety of dishes, my favorites were the kale salad, the gnocchi, the salmon, and of course the desserts. I was in heaven! The ambiance is beautiful too and the staff was very friendly.
Best buffet in Vegas!!!. Took my sister here for her birthday...good food, good deserts well worth the price!!!
I've come here a few times now and I loved it.  Yes, there is a wait, but once you're in- it's so much fun!  I love the variety and the presentation of the food.  Everything is excellent quality and I seriously think half the fun is marveling at the presentation.  I highly recommend coming early to wait in line.
*THE* most amazing night at WickedSpoon:. Birthday dinner for cousin, party of 7. Lucky to get Shirley, (already famous as one of WSpoon's 5-star servers). Entire buffet tonight = best quality I've ever experienced (frankly, that any of us have experienced at ANY OTHER buffet in town, incl. Wynn or Bacchanal - and I've lived here 8 years, and my family even longer). Chatted w/manager re: level of complete amazingness; met Executive Chef Cavaco, [promised to not reveal one of the coolest experiences we had - but OMG!]. Oh, and surprise bottle of champagne as a Happy Birthday. Unforgettable evening. Thank you, Nickolas, Shirley & Chef Cavaco!!!! . . Fabu, Wicked Spoon. From the super-staff to the seductive salads, from the perfectly-cooked crab legs, wild boar sliders, duck ravioli and custom risotto bar to the moist-beyond-belief cake balls, macarons and homemade marshmallows... whatever you're doing, please keep doing it! . . PS. Did you know they even have a mixed-drinks happy hour? At a buffet? How cool is that?
The sexiest buffet I've ever been to, period. I mean, I understand that it's kind of weird describing food as 'sexy,' but honestly, this food is so damn attractive. And delicious. To take this a step further, I would pay the price of this buffet just to get at that dessert bar. Tiramisu, homemade marshmallows, handcrafted ice cream, fruit tarts... you name it; and I'm not even really a sweets person! . . There's no downside to this. When you hit up Vegas, make sure to drop by this place for dinner. I've tried a lot of the other buffets before and nothing really compares to this one. It might not be the most expensive foods available (but I think it's pretty damn close, and extra points for creativity). I got recommended to some of the other buffets, like Bellagio and Rio, which I've had before, but they really don't match up.
Skip breakfast and afternoon tea and get your grub on at Wicked Spoon!  Hands down, I think Wicked is the best buffet in Vegas!  Cosmopolitan has always done a good job with their execution on various venues, and they definitely hit a home run with this buffet.  What makes me such a Woohoo was that Wicked broke all boundaries of traditional Vegas Buffets.  I would like to be the first to categorize Wicked Spoon to be an "All You Can Eat Tapas" venue, to call it something else would be whorish!  Each item served on the buffet tables were prepared by portion on individual mini plates, pots or pans reminiscent of what you would expect at a tapas joint.  This very ninja-like method keeps you from getting plate-fulls of what you don't want, and allows you to get a taste of almost every delectable dish served without getting too full.  Wicked is a wonderland of tantelizing treats.. specially when they are serving freshly baked bignets with rasberry sauce.. IM ON IT!!
When it comes to buffets I think this is the best in Vegas! I will definitely be back for the dinner buffet next time!
Awesome! Prepare to spend some time, there's so much! Coffee is really good! French Toast off the hook!
I have no complaints with this buffet; it is my favorite and totally worth the money.  Shrimp ceviche was so delicious.  They have bone marrow! I have yet to see that at any other buffet. The presentation is also fantastic.  There are prepared single servings of mostly everything.
I think this was my favorite buffet when visiting Las Vegas. . . The selection was pretty amazing with the different types of desserts they have here along with the vast savory options.  . . There is the typical buffet stuff you see around at different ones but they also have some really nice gourmet options to choose from too. I mean bone marrow?? How cool is that?!. . The hardest problem I had was the fact that I wanted to try all sorts of dinner food but also having to save room for dessert. . . I tried several different buffets when I was in Vegas and this one had the best selection and atmosphere in my opinion. . . Take heed though, this buffet was pricey! I want to say it ran us about between $85 to 90 for two people, but also you get a great variety of awesome choices!
I have been to most of the buffets on the strip because when my father lived in Las Vegas, he would take us around everywhere !! We came about 7 pm this time with a group of eleven.  No lines, thank goodness ..The cashier was insisting on charging us an extra 18% gratuity +taxes because of our group size..We were then going to sit separately but the manager and staff were gracious enough to sit us altogether when they realized we were all family celebrating a birthday. They waived our fees, but we receivedsuch great and marvelous service that of course we took good care of our server ! Now, where do I start....$38 per person, one would think that this is too much, but the amazing variety is just overwhelming !!! PRIME RIB, LAMB, RIBLETS, PORK RIBS, SHRIMP, SNOW CRAB-already cut so you don't have to crack it, KOREAN RIBS, ORIENTAL STATION -with the cutest & tiniest Chinese to go boxes for personal servings -did I forget to say - their food presentations here are so AMAZING !! SUSHI, SO MUCH MORE FOOD THAT I can write all day long. Different varieties, something for everyone..There was fish also that was very good, but most people in our group were carnivores:-) The desserts were also so SUPER YUMMY !!! I'm really not too big on buffets, but this one has me coming back again and again !!!  Thank you so much for the personal touch of a HAPPY BIRTHDAY song and birthday surprise to our brother, Tony(our server )..You helped make our night an INCREDIBLE ONE  !!!!
I will alway visit this buffa! For one no one fights with you over food here. Less family and wait is never long. They have about everything u can think about. Seafood snow crabs, are great and the desert secretion is big here also. It's hard not to eat too much here.
Best Buffet in Las Vegas!
That is it! I finally found the best buffet in Las Vegas! I will highly reccomend "Wicked Spoon" to everyone! That buffet is amazing!!!
This buffet is awesome!! It ruined all other buffets for me forever.. . The highlights were the huge pile of crab legs and the mashed potatoes were so awesome!!  The dessert selection was good, I expeced a little more( probably because of the pic on yelp) but it was still amazing ( the salted peanut  caramel gelato was the best)!! The Coffee was really good too... . Cons: . -Service was lacking friendliness a bit but oh well, im still giving it 5 stars.. -Pricey ( Luckily I had a coupon 2 for 1 price that I got on my united flight out).. -They charge extra for espresso or a cappucino which I though was weird since its a buffet.. .  I will definitly return on my next trip out!!!!!!!
Wicked Spoon was our last stop before heading home to Vegas. We needed some food and wanted to eat at a buffet. Since we were staying at the Cosmo and the buffet had good reviews, we decided to try it out. Good choice on our part. The buffet was $35 per person, which I think was pretty good considering the cost of some buffets in Vegas. We got seated near the front of the buffet, which was good since we got seated near the food. We were on super heifer status that day! I went and got a bunch of everything. I think I had three plates filled and then sat down to try some of everything. It was all really good and exactly what I wanted when I thought of eating at a buffet. The French toast and pancakes were soooo good. I think I had three of each! Our waiter was really nice too, he brought us drinks right away and was just very attentive. We did end up having some of the dessert and their ice cream was delicious and so was the peach cobbler. All very yummy!
BEST BUFFET IVE BEEN TO HANDS DOWN! ORGASM IN YOUR MOUTH!!!. . I came here with expectations and all of them were exceeded. The wait was pretty long (1 1/2 hr wait) but it was definitely worth it.. . So much delicious goodness. The quality of the food just topped anything that I have tasted in the other buffets. It tasted like eating at Mcdonalds for a burger and then going to red robin for one of theirs. . . The quality in the food is just amazing. I literally stuffed my face til I couldn't move anymore. Their deserts were so delicious as well. Chocolate covered strawberries with oreo crumbles on top.
One buffet down two more to go! On my trip to Vegas, I decided to try three buffets and screw my diet ): but it was SO WORTH IT! I came here on a Wednesday at 1:00 P.M and waited for about 20 minutes (which is not too bad for a Vegas buffet.) The price was like every other good Vegas buffet, $24 for a weekday brunch which is from 8:00 a.m to 2 p.m. (Wicked Spoon only serves brunch so no need to come in between breakfast and lunch to get your money's worth because its ALWAYS BRUNCH! I recommend coming by 12:30 though so you have time to wait in line and you don't miss out on anything because they put it away (yes they do throw away delicious food!) )  Anyways, boy can I tell you the food was AMAZING! I tried basically everything but the main things you MUST TRY are these. . . FRENCH TOAST - the BEST french toast I've had in my life! Add a little whipped cream and syrup and you have heaven on a plate! (But I'd still recommend you share it so you have room for other yummy food!) . ANGRY MAC and CHEESE - so delish and creamy! It's a little spicy, but just spicy enough! . OVEN ROASTED TOMATOES - they are so flavorful and just perfect! They're like melt in your mouth good (if that's possible for tomatoes) . THREE CHEESE PANINI - when going to a buffet you should spend your carbs wisely but this was so worth it! The cheeses were so good and also melted in your mouth with the crisp bread!. NUTELLA GELATO - OMG! Words cannot explain how good this is! I think I could eat just this for a whole day! It really tastes like Nutella but creamier and even more delicious! . . everything else is good but these are my favorites! I am not going to tell you not to eat anything but I mean the fried chicken really let me down.. ): it wasn't crunchy at all! The prime rib was also mediocre, it was really tender but was way too bland. Plus the asian food section was nothing spectacular the spare ribs had a odd flavor, but korean BBQ was pretty yummy. But to tell you the truth the money is in the dessert!! Wicked Spoon has the absolute best dessert section of all the buffets! Like there was literally nothing bad in the desert section! Oh yeah the service was good, the waitress came every 10 minutes to clear the plates and check up on us. . . Basically Wicked Spoon was AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS and if you're in Vegas I would totally recommend this buffet, but stay tuned because I haven't tried all of them yet!
The best buffet I've ever been to!!!. . Great variety of food for dinner service. Quite pricey but it was worth it! Beautiful ambiance as well. A lot of dessert to choose from, which a lot of buffets lack nowadays. Korean BBQ was AMAZING! Salmon was delicious! Mmmm my mouth is watering just thinking about. The classy presentation of food was a PLUS too.. . Will DEFINITELY come here again!!! :-)
Super breakfast buffet!. . Different. Tasty. Lot's to choose from. . Best breakfast buffet in Las Vegas!. . Good service from a nice attendent
I love Wicked Spoon's angry macaroni and cheese!. . I like the atmosphere and set up of this buffet. My husband and I did not have to wait too long to get a seat, and the service was always adequate. They have few menu items that we both really enjoy, and then a couple that could use some work (pizza.) When you get their brunch buffet, the food ranges from french toast (YUM) to fish to beef to pasta to Asian fare to fruit to desserts. It's a wide variety, and both times I've been there I've been thrilled with my selections.. . Things to try: Angry mac and cheese, macaroons with salty caramel inside, the lava fudge cake, french toast, sweet potatoes with homemade marshmallow, Korean spare ribs, and mashed potatoes. . . Can't wait to go back in a year!
I've been here twice with my boyfriend on separate occasions.. . The first time was an absolute surprise. We had run into it by accident during their brunch. I love their selection and all the portions are divided and placed in miniature pots for each person.. . The service is wonderful and I don't feel rushed when I want to take a break from eating.. . The second time we came here was for dinner. Again, everything was well portioned and perfect. I loved the dessert area. I especially loved their lava cake. Nice and crispy on the outside and soft and gooey in the center.
For someone like me, a foodie with absolutely ZERO self-control, this buffet is PERFECT. High-quality, fancy-schmancy foodie-food...served for the most part in little individual containers....so you don't take too much!!!. . You know how it is: when faced with a vat of buttery whipped sweet potatoes and a ladle, the urge is overwhelming to pile it onto your plate a la "Close Encounters." Here, the potatoes are pre-portioned into precious little stainless steel mini-saucepans. Sure, you can still take too much...but you'll feel like a total ASS with all those saucepans clanking around on your plate!!!. . The deal is the same with many of the offerings here: pre-portioned, in cute little Chinese takeout boxes, pots and ramekins. Awww, Cosmo -- always thinking of your customers' waistlines! . . I found the spread here to be among the best in Vegas. Decent Mediterranean selection, great salads (kale with cranberries & pumpkin seeds...YUM!!), and all the rest of the usual lardass buffet staples: glistening slabs of quivering meat, mac & cheese, tacos, pizza, sushi, etc. . . The ambiance is upscale and chic, and like everywhere else in the Cosmo, the staff is great. And wine is available for purchase at a very chi-chi little wine vending machine. (I must get one of those vending machines for my kitchen!!!). . Overall, I found this buffet to be right up there with the M Resort and Caesars Palace -- best in town!
Yes, yes and yes. Best buffet I've ever been to and it set the bar pretty friggin high. I have no self control. After coming here, I thought about not going to XS after since I was soooooooo full and in a food coma. They had a lot of variety and I felt like it was all good quality. The ambiance is very chic and their presentation was beautiful. Definitely not buffet like at all. Everything was portioned and you'd grab and go back to your table.. . On another note, their dessert. Holy moly. Thai tea ice cream? Coconut flan? Macarons? And all that other good stuff. Definitely coming back and wearing leggings next time so those babies will stretch out.
I got my dad to take me here for my birthday one time (we love to stuff ourselves), and it was amazing.. First off, get the membership card with Cosmo- it takes some percent off the bill, and adds to your points. . We came for lunch and it was a weekday, so there weren't many people, and we were seated very quickly. We got our drinks fast (they give you a water jug which is cool, since I hate waiting around for more water) and toddled off to the food.. They have a very basic selection of food- but better! Everything is portioned- there are no large ass spoons that everyone and their sticky handed kid touches! So they cut down on germs, and waste! If your eyes are too damn big for you, this is a perfect way to cut down on the food you throw away at these buffets. Everything coems on its own doll sized plate, or skillet, or pot, and the crab? Already sliced down the middle, so all you have to do is dig your fingers in it. . The best part, for me, since I am a fatty, is the dessert bar. Holy crab cakes, this place has the best desserts I've seen at a buffet so far! Chocolate covered strawberries?! Chocolate covered strawberries dipped in pretty much anything from cookies to nuts!? YES!. The salad bar? Cool. The bread? They have fricken PRETZEL ROLLS! AHHH! . I am not ashamed to amit I took some rolls with me...they were good. Don't judge.. My brother was overly impressed with these little chocolate pastries the shape of ice cream cones, with edible gold shavings on top.. "I can eat gold!?" He nearly ate them all.. Therefore, prices are what you would expect for gold topped chocolate- not cheap. But worth the try!
The food was great. Service is excellent. They have quite a lot of selections. Their small portion of each dish make it more unique. Try to go early if you don't want to wait in line.
I just can't stop going to this place.. . I get the goosebumps just thinking about it ;). . This place is beyond amazing. The quality and taste of food finally gives justice to a buffet. Hands down the best buffet in Vegas. A wide variety of food and great service. Add all you can drink mimosas for $9 bucks! Doesn't get much better than that.
came here on a vacation.. and all i can say is that this is probably one of the best buffet i went to in my life! i been to a lot of buffets.. trust me... . this place is classy.. everything and everyone there is very nice and professional... . all the food is just outstanding! i cant even describe it.. if you haven't been there.. you are missing out.. all the food is prepped nicely like those very expensive high end restaurants except this is a buffet! . . i haven't come across anything i dislike there.. cant wait to come back on my next vacation!!!
Best "Buffet" that I have ever eaten at.  From the perfectly crafted food to the small portions...this place has it all.  I will probably be eating here at least once every time I come to Vegas, it has become a staple for me!. . I suggest taking a once-around before committing to anything you choose, because there are soooo many great dishes available.  be warned, COME HUNGRY!
Omg how can anyone not like wicked spoon! This is the best "buffet" I've ever eaten at!!!!!! It's so yummy, delicious, amazing, appetizing, delightful, heavenly, tasteful ahh I'm drooling right now thinking about all the food wicked spoon has! I'm a huge fan of this place, as you can tell!! :D. . My 5 friends and I decided to go for lunch on a Saturday. We came at 12PM and it was not busy at all, surprisingly. It's probably because it was April haha. Oh wells, I got in super fast. Thank goodness because I was really hungry. The buffet was about 35 dollars BUTTTTTT if you want bottomless mimosas (IT'S A MUST), it'll only be an additional $9! I drank 9 so it was totally worth the $9. It was really good too, one of the best mimosas I have ever had! Ahhh I'm still thinking about how wonderful it was. . . Now let me tell you about the food, there are so many options! I decided to walk around the whole place before I decided on something. I WANTED TO EAT EVERYTHING! Everything looked really cute and delicious of course. For their Chinese food, they even had it in take out boxes! They had mini pans for their "angry mac and cheese." Everything was really decorated! I was amazed by the presentation and the quality of the food.. . My favorite was probably the clams :D. I'm a huge seafood person so I can eat that all day.. . As for desserts, I hear it's amazing but my 9 mimosas had hit me by that point, so I was not able to remember any of the desserts. I ate them but I just don't remember how it tasted like! Oh wells, there's always next time! I'm definitely coming back for the food, desserts, and bottomless mimosas. $45 (tax and gratitude included) for this meal was totally worth it! :D
Wow simply the best Buffett we have ever been to. We are not to fond of buffets but we do love the Vegas buffets. Well back to Wicked Spoon. We loved it and the small portions give you a chance to try and enjoy everything. Because you will want to try everything especially the desserts. Just amazing from the cashiers,waitress and the price was very reasonable. Can't wait to go back.
After hearing so much about the Wicked Spoon buffet, I FINALLY got to try it on my most recent trip to Las Vegas.. . ...and the verdict is: 5 stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . This is the best buffet I have ever been to!  The most impressive thing about the Wicket Spoon buffet is the presentation.  Everything was exquisitely prepared and presented.  My mouth was salivating walking past all of the counters and looking at the many different, exotic things they had.. . It is not the biggest buffet, but they did offer several types of ethnic foods to choose from.  They had Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Mexican, and American selections.  Everything was tasty, and I greatly enjoyed my dining experience here.. . Wicked Spoon was fairly pricey, but well worth it.  No buffet can compare to a great restaurant dining experience in my opinion, but Wicked Spoon is about as close as I have had.  I look forward to coming back the next time that I visit Las Vegas.
Best buffet for the $ in Vegas!. . Great selection of food from various regions of the world. Great service, and never too long of a wait. . . Only suggestion might be to change up the offerings more often.
Yes. Amazing. Go here. $9 all you can drink wine? Done. Tiny adorable serving dishes? You bet. Make this the last buffet you go to while in Vegasbecause others will pale in comparison. . . Full disclosure: had a reservation so didn't wait in line, and only paid for one buffet for 2 people.
My new favorite place to eat in Vegas! . I love the variety and great food and the dessert bar is amazing. This place is like a hidden gem. You'd never know it was in the Cosmopolitan upstairs. I like it that way. The few times I was there, it wasn't crazy crowded. . Again, the food is REALLY good!
This is my most favorite buffet in Vegas and I prefer this over the buffet at Wynn hands down! Wicked Spoon is located in the Cosmo hotel and you will probably recognize this place because everyone loves taking photos in the life sized heels that are around the buffet.. . I came here for lunch and it was about $40 for lunch. It was a little cheaper than the Wynn buffet but if you want to go more all out, you can get bottomless mimosas for $9 more. I dont know why you would do that if you are already going to stuff yourself with allll those other items. Lunch closes at 3pm on the weekends and dinner starts at 5pm so you cant really linger so you can get the best of both worlds, unless you plan on staying for 4 hours at this place haha. The wait was longer than Wynn and it took us about 40 minutes to get to the front and finally sit down. It is beautiful inside as well and the chairs are comfy. I like the Wynn decorations better though.. . The food is sooo delicious. There is so much variety but I really liked their tacos and their meat. I can describe all the food that they have but looking through photos will give you a better idea. I absolutely LOVEEEEE their dessert selection. They have so many desserts, cakes, macarons, GELATOOOO, tarts, chocolate covered strawberries, and sooo much more. Surprisingly my most favorite item was the yogurt and blueberries in a cup made out of chocolate. I can literally eat everything! I felt like Willy Wonka when he drank the tea and bit into the cup in the field of candy. I probably ate 5 of those. I ended up just asking if they can just give me blueberries and they were more than happy to give it to me. The desserts and food here are just so much better than Wynn and next time I go to vegas, I am just gonna head straight here :). . **TIPS**. 1) Save room for dessert! The selection is wonderfully delicious!. 2) Food coma will hit you bad. Along with lack of sleep, the food coma knocked one of my friends out at the table. It was pretty hilarious.. 3) Enjoy!!!
Freaking Ah-Mah-Zing.  I went here with Mr. Booth and Mr. Bloewen and it was great.  This place is probably the best buffet that I have ever been to.  I actually can't even imagine a buffet being any better. The selections were just amazing, the presentation was fantastic, and the quality was great.  Even better is that they have $9 bottom less mimosas that also includes bloody Marys, wine, or champagne.  Made for a great sloppy Sunday in Vegas.. . Next time I come, I will definitely aim to return to this buffet.  If nothing else, the Gelato station alone is worth it.  Thank you for reaffirming my faith is a great Vegas Buffet.  Prices are about $35 pp plus $9 for the drinks.  Not super cheap, but def. a fair deal.
Compared to all dining experiences, I would give Wicked Spoon a 4 - 4.5; however compared to its buffet peers, Wicked Spoon is definitely a 5. The selection is large, but more importantly the food is quality. This isn't your run of the mill cafeteria style buffet. Many of the dishes are prepared and packaged individually to preserve the presentation. I've gone several times for breakfast and dinner and have never been let down. This is a must if you are seeking a quality and reasonably priced buffet in Vegas.
This was my favorite buffet in Vegas and possibly ever! I came on a Saturday and the line was pretty long but it went by quickly. I paid around $70 for lunch not including tip for my sister and I. My favorite parts of the buffet were the Korean BBQ Beef Short Ribs, Pork Belly, Fried Chicken, Pizza, Garlic Bread, Gelato, and Desserts. Sodas and Juices are included in the price of the buffet as well. The food came in small individual sized portions so I was full and happy at the end of my meal and not too stuffed.
One of the best buffets on the strip, hands down! Awesome selection of food, hip looking seating area, and delicious desserts. The buffet was kind of located in a random part of the casino upstairs away from everything. But it's all good because it helps you work up an appetite by making you walk there.
Was here this past Sunday. I absolutely loved it!. This buffet knew exactly what I wanted. First off, I got unlimited mimosas and bloody marys which was exactly the cure I needed.. They have this spicy mac and cheese which is TO DIE FOR. I wish I could have some right now. It was seriously the best mac and cheese I have ever had. . They have everything from sea food, sushi, salad, wings, italian.... I don't know I really think they have everything. I can eat here every day of my life!. Can't forget to mention they have a cute little dessert bar! And the portions are really small so you can take 1 of everything on your plate.. They have a gelato bar. LOVED IT. I am definitely returning when I go back to Vegas!
Wicked Spoon can stand up to the best buffets in Vegas.  A long-time fan of the Bellagio and Wynn buffets, I was worried Wicked Spoon was all flash and no substance.  I couldn't have been more wrong.. . Small plates are all the rave at Wicked Spoon.  Creative showmanship, like tiny fry baskets with chicken wings, make for a fun presentation and ensure you aren't over-eating.  Plan on making several trips so you can truly get a taste for every item. The atmosphere is fun and fresh, the exact opposite of your typical feeding frenzy buffet.  . . I had the brunch buffet, with fresh squeezed OJ, exceptional french toast, and bottomless bloody mary drinks.  I made my way through mouth watering short ribs and homemade sausages, and enjoyed an impressive spread.  Usually I skip the dessert items (or end up being disappointed by the phoned-in offerings), but Wicked Spoon really delivers here.  Their gelato was smooth, creamy, and worth the wait in the small line (The line is what drew me - people waiting in line for ice cream at a buffet seemed out of the ordinary).. . For brunch, there's no better place to spend your money in Vegas.  I'd still look for Bacchanal or Bellagio for dinner, but Wicked Spoon gets my 5 stars for Sunday Mornings in style!
This is my 3rd visit to wicked spoon during my last 3 visits to Vegas since October 2012! This is by far the best buffet in Vegas!  The quality of food and selection is bar none. My fave are the gnocchi and shrimp cocktail.  As well the dessert selection is spectacular especially the ice cream - any flavour. I went for 11am on a Friday and it was $24 per person with a choice of drink.  This meal kept me full until the next day!
Very good! Wide variety of food. Went for memorial day weekend and they upped the priced by like 11 bucks. Worth the experience but I probobly would come back on a regular day. Prime Rib was good, mashed potatoe, corn, mac n cheese and ice cream was smoothest Ive had! Awesome!!
Oh Wicked Spoon.... You have ruined me for life.. . This is no ordinary Vegas buffet.  In fact it probably doesn't even deserve to be grouped in with the category of typical Vegas style buffets. The food is so unique here, and you're telling me that I can eat as much as I like?  Goodbye diet.. . Korean kalbi ribs - really good. Bits of charred caramelized sauce covering the tender meat. . Chinese style ribs - didn't have high expectations on this but fall off the bone yummy.. . Chinese style crispy shrimp - nicely done.  eat the shells!  Thats where the seasoning is.. . Fried chicken wings - 2 to a basket.  Nicely seasoned but wish the skin could have been crisped up a bit more.  Still, the meat was really juicy inside.. . Crab legs - I was all crabbed out by the time we ate here but the crab legs are already sliced open for you to scoop out the meat.  None of that crack, bend and hope to pull out the meat BS.. . Sushi - I'm glad there wasn't many sushi offerings here since buffet sushi is rarely good.  Avocado roll for the kid was perfect.. . Bone marrow - I tried it.  I don't get it.. . Shepherd's Pie  and beef brisket - by the time I got to these, I was already overstuffed.  I just had to taste it.. . salads - kale salad, beet salad, smoked trout salad - all good. . shrimp with pea sprouts - holy moly good!. . mac and cheese station - got mine with green onion and bacon.  so tasty and the button sized noodles are perfect to poke with a fork.. . Desserts - cakes, mousses, gellato, chocolate covered strawberries.  So pretty and some with gold leaf or stamped with chocolate pictures.  . . Arnold Palmer tasted kind of odd.  I'll order something different next time.. . Service was top notch.  Waiter was great and another dude picked up the plates that were ever finished.  . . So for the price you pay, it is well worth the extra $5-10 splurge over the average Strip buffet.  This will be the only buffet I'll be eating at on my next trip.
This is officially my favorite Vegas buffet!. . Wicked Spoon is also wicked expensive so major thanks to the sugar daddy BF for the multiple trips to this yummy buffet :). . Even though we dined for both lunch and dinner, we were lucky enough to show up during non-busy times. No line to wait in, no crowd to compete against for food, and plenty of empty tables around us so the wait staff paid plenty attention to us.. . My biggest gripe about many buffets are the lack of creativity and taste for the dishes that don't contain animal products. As a vegan, I'm often stuck with something boring. But in my first plate alone, I was wowed by three specific items: Kale Salad, Green Papaya Salad, and Sweet Potato Puree.. . The Kale Salad had this citrus-y sweet vinaigrette mixed with pepitas and dried cranberries. Very bright in colors and taste! I could eat a full plate of the Kale Salad and be so happy :) http://su.pr/1lzRQB. . The Green Papaya Salad was perfectly al dente in texture and mixed with green beans, green onion, tomatoes, and peanuts. The dressing had a hint of sweet and a bit tart which marinaded well with all the ingredients. I even opted to add tofu to soak up some of that delicious flavor. http://su.pr/3imgLq. . The Sweet Potato Puree was like candy! Smooth and vanilla-y, I definitely went back for seconds on this one. http://su.pr/2qgxuv. . The only less than great items were the avocado rolls and the veggie rollsoffered at the sushi area. It wasn't bad, it just was the standard mediocre buffet-style sushi.. . I really appreciated that the dessert area contained non-dairy options. The Mango Sorbet and Raspberry Sorbet were super delicious! http://su.pr/2C6VL6. . During our dinner visit, many of the lunch items were still available but I was happy to see that they added more vegan friendly things including:. - A garbanzo bean, tomato, and cucumber salad. - An Israeli couscous salad. - An artichoke and hearts of palm salad. - Hummus, baba ganush, and pita chips. http://su.pr/290Jjf. . All items were good but I might note that the hummus and baba ganush was a bit on the thin side. But I do wanna point out the olive bar which had these amazing tasty olives. Specifically, the bright green ones which were more sweet than tart. There was also these super large red olives that tasted like they have been smoked...almost like salami. Yum!. . So the price is kinda up there, especially for someone who doesn't take take advantage of all the meat and seafood offerings. But out of all the Vegas buffets that I've been too, Wicked Spoon is definitely at the top of my list!. . Also, beware of the mimosas. One sip and it's like "geez, would you like any orange juice with that champagne?" Still good though. You just gotta be prepared for it :)
Its a must try when you go to Vegas. The one word that describes the dining experience is WOW. I made my husband take me  there for dinner and he's talking  about going back.. it's like an all you can eat tapas bar.. Definitely try the Mac & cheese bar. The cream of garlic soup was different and delicious.
Since we booked a one-bedroom in the Cosmopolitan, it came with a two person buffet breakfast for free!!!  Read up on priceline, people!  Get this deal, because this is one of the best buffets in Vegas!. . Holy moly you will not be disappointed.  Comfortable chairs, large tables, good service, modern decor.  What more could I ask for?  First off, no wait for water here.  They leave a bottle at your table.  The buffet is well spaced, so no standing in line or waiting.  You can easily jump from station to station without fear of evil eyes from people who think you're "cutting" in line.  . . I hadn't noticed, but someone wrote that there were different stations for different types of food, separated by nationality.  I had braised short-ribs, orange pancakes, gnocchi, Greek yogurt with oatmeal, strawberry smoothie, smoked salmon, and many other delicious breakfast treats.  Have no fear, sweet teeth, there is also a huge dessert station even during breakfast.  Lots of pastries laden with chocolate and glaze, chocolate and raspberry rice crispy treats, and many small cakes and tarts.. . This is by far my favorite buffet in Vegas, and will soon be visited again during my girls' trip in September.
This is definitely one of the best buffets I've ever been to. My friends and I went for breakfast, but they had lunch food out, too, so we got the best of both worlds. They had everything from fruit to eggs to mac and cheese to gelato and everything in between. It was good quality food, too (not poor quality like you get at a lot of buffets). I'd definitely recommend paying Wicked Spoon a visit, especially if you're staying at The Cosmopolitan.
I could only muster 2 plates of food because I gorged so much on each one! The food is delicious, probably the best buffet in Vegas. Add on endless mimosas for $10 and your breakfast is set. I'd be back if staying at Cosmo again even though it is over $40 per person. Worth every penny though.
I absolutely love, love, LOVE this buffet. The food was fantastic and cooked perfectly. I went to several buffets in Las Vegas and did not like most of them but this place has become one of my favorite buffets to eat at. The prime rib was ohhhh so delicious. I loved that some of the foods were served in little pans. Salad bar, hot foods, and desserts were all good. I like the atmosphere as well. Very nice.
LOVE this buffet. We've been to Bacchanal (at Caesar's) which blew us away, but now that Caesar's prices are completely outrageous, we won't be debating which place is better. I'm a total germ-a-phobe, so it's great that everything is in individual servings even though its a little cumbersome to place on a plate. The dessert section was out of this world. We've never had bad service in the 3 times we have been here, even though I had a plate dumped on my bag accidentally by a server and my meal was comped by a very attentive manager who came right over with a wet cloth and a broom. . . In the fall, they had a server passing out spiced hot cider while people were waiting in line to be seated and checked in. The line does move very quickly, but this helps with the wait anyway.
We ate here twice on our trip one time for breakfast and one time for lunch. They are the same price they basically call it brunch from 7-3. The quality was excellent I had so many things i cannot even remember. The smoked salmon and bagels were excellent. Assortment of cheese and fresh fruits. The hash browns with cheese were well done. Lots of items served inseperate dishes you can just grab. I tried the macaroni and cheese with orchetta pasta was very good with a spicy kick. Everything was just amazing I wish I had a bugger appetite I could have ate more ! This by by far is my favorite buffet. I tried the homemade gelato all of them they were excellent they give you a tiny scoop so I tried about 6 flavors. The best was the pistachio and the almost joy and the nutella. This buffet is worth the price $24.99 m-th and fri-sun $34.99 for brunch.
hands down the best all around buffet on the strip. period.
If you can somehow overlook the price... Just know its worth it. Everything I tried was good!! Out of all the things my fav was the Thai basil rice with egg. Lol I'm Asian what can you say..
We went two days in a row for the breakfast buffet earlier this month (May '13). Great price for the selection and quality of food, and the addition of the unlimited mimosas for only $9 is a must- my glass was never empty. I'm normally on a paleo diet, and I was able to stick to it for the most part- I had to have the Nutella gelato, and I'm so happy I did.
I have not even ate here and I am already here! God help them,
Love, love, love this place! I think this beats this Wynn buffet! It's only $26 dollars for brunch usually for weekdays  but the price was upped for MDW.. . This place is hidden in a corner of the Cosmo. The service was fantastic and the selection was amazing. The presentation made you squeal because of the individual portions (I love minis!) Mac n cheese was served in mini skillets, the spicy fried chicken was in a tiny metal basket, there was salad in shot glasses, the chinese food was in individual cartons, and don't me started about the dessert.. . My favorite was the jasmine fried rice and the cobbler. It was probably the best cobbler I've ever eaten. The cuts of meat were fantastic although I did notice that a lot of the food was very oily.. . I will definitely be returning!!!
This is now my favorite buffet in Vegas.. . Love the way they hand out nicely portioned units of dishes in little containers. They had these micro pots of short rib with polenta that were definitely the best thing in the whole place. Wicked Spoon may not have the breadth of the Carnival World buffet at the Rio, or the seafood offerings of Bacchanal, but what it has is all pretty tasty (and all come in cute containers!).. . The dessert section is amazing, too. Chocolate-covered strawberries for days. Gelato bar? Yes please. When we went, we had a huge group, and we all got the all-you-can-drink option, so they just gave us a few bottles of champagne and juice mixers, and let us go to town. Amazing.
As some of you already know, I come from buffet stock. My family are connoisseurs of buffets big and small. So much so that my sister can't stand them. (Weirdo!) So when that buffet black sheep of the family kept texting me pictures of her time at Wicked Spoon on her recent conference trip,  I just KNEW it was gonna be worthwhile....and it was!. . I just love the tapa style of servings here. It kind of makes me feel like they're looking out for me....like, "here's your small taste so you don't have to spoon a ton of it yourself and waste it. and if you like it, well grab a little taste more."  And the food is GOOD. Like REALLY GOOD. . . This buffet is just really pretty, too. The set up is swanky, smaller and sexy. Not like the bright, large packed dining rooms I've seen. I would definitely come back here again but of course there's some other ones that I need visit as well.. . Pros:. -Food is great, not slapped together after thoughts, but creations. Good variety, too. . -Decor is dark and sophisticated. -GELATO BAR. Nuff said.. -Dessert selection is first class. . Cons:. -They only offer the bottomless alcohol during brunch and not dinner. COME ON!
This place is amaze a balls! I love love love this buffet! It is a bit pricey($45 ish with unlimited champagne/bloody marys option) but it is well worth it. Do not eat 12-16 hours before here to really get your money's worth! YUM YUM YUM from beginning to end-it is like disney world for food lovers!
10/10 out of everything I could rate for -- service, food, decor.... It was a bit pricey, but it's a Vegas buffet! Spend a little.. I've heard that this buffet is known for small portions so that you're more encouraged to try a little bit of everything. I appreciated this, because normally at buffets, I just eat a lot of what I do like and never try anything else.. Let me start of with dessert. Wow. Gelato was amazing. Who even has gelato in a buffet? Okay I'm a buffet newbie so I won't ask that, but when I saw it, I thought I was dreaming. The beignets were on point, and chocolate covered strawberries were amazing as well.. Skip the sushi and go to the lobster, fish, etc. The sushi is nothing special, you can try one if you want. The seafood is where it's really at. The calamari was amazing, more than I had expected. Probably one of the best calamari's I've had. They also had Korean BBQ and although nothing close to the real deal, it was still pretty good. It was well marinated and wasn't too dry, which is the case with KBBQ a lot of the time. . Also, get the shrimp cocktail. Yum!
Great buffet overall, especially for brunch. For the price you pay, you get pretty delicious food. Nothing was too dry or too salty. Fruits were fresh. Fish was fresh. Large selection of food and different varieties.. . And the dessert table was OMG! Question: DID YOU SEE THE CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES? If not, bow your head in shame and walk back. You are definitely missing out then, my friend...
I LOVE FOOD and Wicked Spoon did not disappoint!  Yes, it's pricey, but to me, worth it.  The decor was fabulous, food was delicious, fresh and high-quality and the desserts were to die-for!  Service was excellent and we really enjoyed our time here.  We ate here for lunch and there was such a wide range of entree selections , that you will have no problem finding what you're looking for.. and more.      Simple/cold caprese salads, smoked salmon, asian short ribs, and lamb ragout served in individual/neat serving plates.  I LOVED their dessert, most especially the macarons (my FAVORITE), chocolate covered delicacies and gelato bar!  HEAVEN!  Everything looked so beautiful.. definitely ate with my eyes first, then with my taste buds and they were both equally satisfied!
It's been a little over a year, which is TOO LONG to go between visits to this wonderful restaurant, but I had the pleasure of popping in here today for the daily Brunch Buffet, joined by Mike C., Jackie R. & Robyn N.. . I counted up 166 food choices to feast on this time, plus sauces, dressings and toppings, and every bite of this wonderful meal was terrific, just as it was last time!. They put out small portions of many of the dishes here, very tastefully presented on little plates or in little foux pots, pans, deep frier baskets & so on.  Also, a lot of work goes into the little sprinkles of this & that on top of things, & similar treatments.  Most importantly though, is that everything is seasoned & cooked to perfection.. . Weekday Brunch Buffet $23.99 includes soft drinks and some bar selections.. . What fun this place is, & how VERY 5-STARS!     :-))
One of the best buffets I've ever been too. The food was amazinggggg, you don't even feel like you're eating buffet food. Everything was so gourmet but not like weird just fancy. Everything is put in individual ramekins or on little plates that you can grab. A must go to when you're in Vegas!
We had our wedding dinner here, and could not be more pleased.  Everything from being seated, to our host/server, to the magnificent food itself was stellar.  I can not wait to return.  It is a bit pricey, but worth every penny.
We love Wicked Spoon so much that we decided to have our Wedding Reception dinner there. We made the right decision because everything was perfect. Danielle from the group sales was so awesome to work with. She answered my emails and helped me planned the evening to be perfect. She put up with my Bridezilla moments ;). She's just amazing.. . The food were top notch. All of our guests loveeee the delicious food. We also ordered cake from them and our cake was so cute and it was so yummy. Service was excellent and I love the floor manager who helped us with everything including cutitng our cake. . . Everybody said it was the best wedding reception they've ever attended. Maybe for our  25th year anniversary we will do another reception here. Thank you Wicked Spoon for making our day perfect!
OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!! After reading through the yelp reviews on vegas buffet I decided to give Wicked Spoon a try and this place was just GREAAT! We went around 11 for the brunch and there was no line so we were quickly seated. Nice decorated dining room but was a little far. Then I went all out and took all the food the looked appealing to me (jk). There were eggs benedict, korean bbq meat, all kinds of delicious salad, omelettes, all the dessert in the world (no crepes), shrimps, clams, all kinds of MEAT, veggies, fried chicken, weird stuff, and just food that you can think of or can't think of (okay that's a little exaggerated). After the brunch we were so full that we didn't have dinner until almost 10 pm. . Anyways, I will definitely comeback the next time I come to VEGAS!
never knew i could have such a good meal at a freaking buffet. definitley will be my go to buffet from now on.. . only negative: waitress never gave us refills on our drinks. . . almost everything my bf and i ate were good! like other yelpers stated ... compared to other buffets this is definitely one of the best. i'm not much of a buffet person but i like to go to a buffet when i'm in vegas. Surprisingly out of everything we ate around Vegas, the best meal so far is this buffet!. . LOVE the gelato ice cream area! so many flavors. Made it so hard on me because there was so many decisions to make. Which flavors to try. I ended up trying six and there were ten+ to go.. . $33 per person for brunch/lunch buffet.. . ate:. *egg benedict-wasn't great but love that they placed it in a bowl. so easy to eat.. *prime rib was good and made perfectly medium.. *bacon cut-thick! . *roasted pork-the asian style. yum!. *korean short rib-flavorful. not too overdone. not that much fat.. *pineapple juice is avaiable you just gotta ask.. *asian noodles in a to go box. Such a clever idea. Easy to clean and cute. . . tips:. *there are restrooms inside.. *you can call to ask about wait time.. *inside the cosmopolitan hotel.. *cash and credit card accepted.. *huge selection/variety.
First heard about Wicked Spoon on the Travel Chanel's Top 10 buffet's in the US...well I was only 4 days away from going to Vegas at the time & made a note on my phone to check it out...I now see why it made the list. Got there about 12:30 in time for brunch (which is served everyday btw) & jumped right in.  I did pace myself so that I could try lots of different stuff & glad I did. . The Waitress was pretty good; could've been better but she was very busy, but she did do a good job of staying on top of things.. First off they give each table a bottle of water which is great.  Everyone gets a complimentary Mimosa (can purchase unlimited Mimosa's/Bloody Mary's at the counter).. The Spaghetti and Meatballs were just OK nothing to rave about.. Korean Style short ribs are Great. The Chicken Wings are Fabulous and comes in a pairs in a lil basket.. The Orange (something) Pancakes were light and fluffy.  Pretty Good. The French Toast w/ the nuts (not sure which kind) cooked in were Great. The Roasted Chicken was just OK. I actually tried Bone Marrow.  Not really for me; besides I thinkthat I sprinkled too much Sea Salt on top of mine.. The Chinese Food section is very cute.  They actually have the little take home boxes for you to put your food in (Pork Riblets, Ginger Chicken, & Steamed Rice...but I didn't try any of these dishes). You can also get fresh Omelets made to order, but didn't get one of those.. The Beef'n Broccoli was Great...two kinds of mushrooms (Shitaake & Button) which I love. Great Sushi with real pickled ginger (not that pink stuff). There was a Bagel section (didn't try). The Fruit and Salad bar was very Expansive (didn't try). Huge Chocolate Strawberries crusted with either crumbled Snickers Bar or Reese's Peanut Butter Cups...either way they were Great. Loved the Carrot and Cheesecake. The Fachacia Bread was good enough for the wife to go back for seconds.. . For $25 per person this buffet is definitely worth it, but I WARN YOU...PACE YOURSELF, and don't eat a lot of one thing if you want to get a variety.  Also, keep in mind that I didn't try everything.
This place really is as good as the rumors you've heard. The quality of food is exceptional. You don't have to gorge to get your money's worth but you end up doing that just to get a taste of everything. From ceviche to Korean short ribs, you won't be disappointed. . . Of course you end it with dessert and the brilliant gelato bar. And that's just the tip of the iceberg.
Wow.  This place is a high end buffet.  It was well worth the $35 per person we paid for dinner.  I would love to go back to this place again.   The deserts alone were worth the price of the buffet.  The food is well prepared and fresh.  This is not an average buffet.
This place is hands down the BEST buffet i've been to. Great selection of food and high quality dishes! The food is alot more upscale than the average buffet. I've tried other buffets at Vegas(including the one at bellagio and caesars palace) but none of them really compare to this! . . I don't know if i got lucky or what, but there was no wait when i came. (around 6-7ish?) Everything was so good and I'm a bit of picky eater. The food is placed in cute little pots/dishes so its alot cleaner and doesn't have that lunch-lady feel to it. For me, buffets are part of the Vegas experience and this place totally satisfied me. Also, after stuffing myself with multiple plates, i didn't feel gross so that was even better. However they dont have a drink menu, but they do have a full bar so they can basically make you whatever you'd like.. . Next time i come to Vegas, this place will be one of the top places i'd like to return to!:)
Everything was cooked perfectly.  There is a wide variety for every taste bud.
This was probably one of the best buffets I've ever eaten at, let alone in Las Vegas.  At $40 a pop with tax, it is quite expensive, but it was my dad's birthday, so we decided to splurge a little.  There are actually two lines here: one to pay and one to get seated.  Luckily on this Sunday (which happened to be Mother's Day), we didn't have to stand in line to pay, but we did wait about 20 minutes to get seated.  Not bad on a Sunday afternoon at a really good buffet!  Our server had this Texan accent and was a joy to have around.  He was very good about refilling waters and beverages and encouraged everyone to eat heartily and order any beverages in addition to the ones we already had.  . . Now on to the food...yum!  They had an omelette station with hardly a line and it was very filling.  They even offered prime rib as an option to add to your omelette!  The meat station had a good selection, and they offered everything from roast beef to Korean short ribs to pizza to crab legs (towards the  end of the lunch period), to eggs benedict, all which were very delicious.  The dessert bar even offered huge chocolate covered strawberries!  My only disappointment was that I couldn't eat more.  I probably ate about $35 worth of food, so it was almost worth it.  But for anyone who wants to eat at buffet and not be disappointed with the selection or service, Wicked Spoon is the place for you!
Show me a better buffet in Vegas than Wicked Spoons. Every plate I pick up looks like it could be a 20 dollar dish at any nice restaurant. Hardly waited in line, great service. They had bone marrow. so gooooodd.
Considering I tried every selection (yes even the 16 gelato flavors) they had to offer, I will only review the few that stood out the most:. . Charcuterie Selection - Decent, but disappointed there were only 2 selections of cheese and only 2 selections of cured meats.. . Caprese Salad - Up to standard.  Mozzarella was soft and tender.  Tomatoes were juicy and sweet.. . Waldorf Salad - Probably my fave of the bunch.  Crispy, sweet, tart, and refreshing.. . Bone Marrow - Seriously... definitely a hiddengem! So good, but so bad for you.  It's ok because we are all on vacation here!. . Duck Ravioli - I would have loved this, but because it just sits under a heat lamp, the sauce thickened greatly.. . Braised Beef/Pot Roast - Super tender and flavorful! Just imagine some good ol' pot roast.  . . Carrot Cake - Dessert selections generally are typically sub pay, however this was a very standard, but good carrot cake.. . Thai Tea Gelato - They sure did not hold on on the thai tea in this.  Packs a nice flavor.. . Salted Peanut Gelato - This one hit the sweet/salty taste bud for me!. . Prime Rib - Cooked to perfection.  Meaty, juicy, tender... . . OVERALL:  Came here with a party of 37 and the staff was so genuine and kind.  Again, I tried EVERYTHING they had to offer.  It's what you do at a buffet! Try bite-size portions and you'll get the full experience.  Bacchanal or Wicked Spoon? I choose Bacchanal for the slightest differences.. . Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSEF!
So good. This was like, seriously, the best place in Vegas!. . We opted for the brunch after checking out of the hotel (a pretty swanky kinda place, try to win a room on priceline). I think it was like $29 a person or something, which includes a free champagne or mimosa. Pretty sweet!. . All sorts of fancy foods, standards, omelettes made to order, fancy desserts, I mean... it's on. Probably the best meal of the whole trip around the grand loop. Loved it. Careful not to overeat. Ha.. . Thanks for listening!
The best buffet in VEGAS.  By far.  I love the kale salad they have on the salad station.
I looked at lots of reviews for various buffets in Vegas and determined that this was what most Yelpers had talked about and indeed they were right.  This buffet was in fact one of the best that I've been to anywhere.  It's like a high end restaurant and elegant dining experience, at least again as far as buffets are concerned.  The best part is the small plates and the individual servings to that you can sample lots of different foods, not feel guilty about wasting anything, and not have that buffet feel of scooping out of a big bowl or tray of food.  Lots of choices and everything tasted great.
Oh my gosh! I absolutely loved this place! A couple days ago I was in Las Vegas and I was excited to try a buffet as that's what LV is really known for (as far as cuisine goes). I've tried the Wynn buffet and that was great, but I was undecided between Wicked Spoon and Caesar's Palace buffet. We went to Caesar's, and the line was incredibly long, plus it was $46. So we decided on Wicked Spoon in the Cosmopolitan. I loved the hotel decor and ambiance, and going to Wicked Spoon was like a nice luxe treat to end my week there. There was hardly a line, and because we were a party of two, they took us before larger parties. Our host/waiter was friendly and helpful, and showed wonderful hospitality. Everything I tried at the buffet was delicious, from the mashed potatoes to shrimp jambalaya, sweet treats and desserts. I also loved the smaller portion sizes, it helps you try everything without overeating. I'm not one for buffets, in fact I don't really like them because I feel like it's a bunch of cheap food, but the Wicked Spoon is the exception. Wicked Spoon offers great quality, taste, and overall experience. I would highly recommend to anyone visiting Las Vegas!
Love, love, love this place!  The food is amazing, the presentation is so artsy, great variety, the service is great!   Note to self, never book a show after the dinner here because 1.  Will be on time constrain so cant fully enjoy everything they have, 2. Will be too stuffed to run to the show once we are late by spending too much time nibbling n the deliciousness.
What a nice buffet! Service was exceptional and the food selections were varied and delicious. You have to walk a bit through boring (convention center?) hallways before getting here, but the walk is worth it. I found the french toast delightful, the Eggs Benedict were incredible (I had two!), and they offer a myriad of desserts to fill your belly. The entire restaurant is visually appealing as well which means (drum roll please) that Wicked Spoon has elbowed its way into my BUFFET HALL OF FAME. Congratulations Wicked Spoon, this is how a Vegas buffet should be!
I always love a buffet (yes, I'm a PIG!) and this one was GREAT!!! I think it was $25 for breakfast (lunch and dinner would be more) but I have NEVER seen such a HUUUUGE selection!! There was the standard omelette bar, waffles, sausages, carving station, pastries, cereals, fruit... but then they also had chinese food, pasta, an ENORMOUS dessert bar (with gelato!!) sushi, salads... I could have stayed there all day!! I would be really interested to see what they serve for lunch or dinner? The one thing I thought was brilliant was they had small pre-portioned servings... that way, people like me who are GLUTTONOUS didn't get too full before I was able to taste everything!
This is my all-time favorite buffet in the world!  Period.
Best buffet in Vegas that I've had. . . The selection and quality of the food here is simply incredible. The thick sliced bacon was the best bacon I've ever had and the dessert selection is pretty good. I like The M dessert selection better than Wicked Spoon (but The M is located off the strip), but the gelato bar is still great. Would recommend this buffet to anyone!
Best buffet in my entire life. The buffet is top tier. I give this a marvelous 5 stars rating from my personal experience. No bias and no gimmicks. . . There are lot of places you would have to wait about an hour or so, but WIcked Spoon is far the only place I could wait all day, because it is so simply worth dining here. Modern atmosphere to blend with the Cosmo hotel's ambiance. . . Process: . -You wait in line, pay at the cashier then get seated. Price is about $35~, add $9 for unlimited champangne/mimosa/bloody mary.  Love the champange! I made myself drunk here to get my money's worth, haha. . . -Serve yourself with the best Las Vegas food on the strip.. -They basically have everything, from Italian to Korean to Chinese to Mexican to American food. . -The salad bar is amazing. Love the shrimp shooters. . -Gelato........ so bomb. 'Nuff said! . . A lot of options here and it's pretty much no limits. My friend is a vegetarian and there are a lot of vegetarian options! . . Yup, we both stayed here for 3 hours.
Very good brunch buffet, lots of selections and tasty food. I liked the fact that they have a much better fruit and salad selection than the other buffets. There was not much of a wait around 11:30AM on a weekday. I would definitely go here for a brunch next time I am in vegas.
I kept hearing great things about this place so I caved in and tried it. I actually enjoyed it and was quite impressed with the presentation, quality and variety of foods. The deserts and Asian food selection are probably the highlight of this place~! Some reviewers complained about the small portions due to the presentation of the food (i.e. coming in small plates and a basket for the chicken) but  I think it's fine because it let's you really try everything.. . I experienced the brunch menu only and haven't had a chance to try their dinner menu. My favorite entrees were the Pork Belly (very surprised to see that there but it was fantastic), Fried Chicken (very moist inside and crunchy skin), and sushi which was pretty fresh and tasty. In terms of desert, I was most impressed with the gelato bar which had a great variety of flavors.. . The environment is very modern and clean, and we didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes when we got in around 2pm for lunch. The service was also fantastic and the bathrooms were spacious and clean.. . Overall, i would highly recommend this place even though it may be on the steeper side of prices. My only complaint would be that you pay for tip on the front end...which I've never seen before. What happens if you have crappy service?. . Price for Brunch on the weekends: $33. Price for Dinner on the weekends:$41
2 years later and still the best buffet in Las Vegas hands down.  The presentation of the dishes, the quality, and the variety all make for an enjoyable experience.  The design of the restaurant in also so beautiful !!  They make all their ice creams in-house, offering unique flavors like Thai Tea and Peanut Butter and Jelly.  Sooooo Good!  Save room for dessert!
OH MA GAWD. So good. Ok so get this... If you don't want to spend $41 on dinner, they have an $18 takeout deal where you can get this amazingly huge box, fill it to the brim with goodies and go eat it in the Cosmo's beautiful lobby. Um. Yes please. Best part? Four words: Mac and Cheese Bar.  Yes, they hand-toss you your very own mac and cheese, want bacon? sure! want three cheeses? yup. add jalapenos? why not! We ate and ate and ate and literally had to lie down afterwords- so full and so good! Thank you Wicked Spoon, you were all I was hoping you would be!
You know that annoyingly pretentious guy or girl who goes to Vegas and is all "I don't do buffets; that's for amateurs"?  He or she hasn't been to Wicked Spoon.  And don't tell him or her.  Let's try to keep this a secret for as long as possible ;)  . . Husband and I came here RIGHT when it opened for dinner on a Friday night and there was NO LINE.  We hear it gets pretty packed later on in the evening though so if you hate the waiting game, go early bird style like we did!  . . The location was a little hard to find... it's on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan, but we had to wander around the shopping area for a bit before we spotted a sign that pointed us in the right direction.  It's a bit of a schlep from the main shopping area through the hotel to the buffet (a warning to ladies heading out in those sky-high stilettos!).. . The space itself is visually stunning and really does not look like the other buffets in LV.  Wicked Spoon has worked really really hard to distinguish itself from the other Vegas buffets and refers to itself as a "bustling culinary food hall."  . . Honestly, it can call itself whatever it wants.  It's awesome.  . . The quality of the food was excellent and about 70% is offered in individual tapas-size portions, which helps if you're the kind of person who typically overdoes it with the heaping spoonfuls of food at buffets.  For the Vegas buffet lovers (i.e., for that person in your party who really had their heart set on going to a traditional buffet), there's still the standard Vegas all-you-can-eat staples like crab legs and prime rib at Wicked Spoon.  . . Bone marrow?  At a buffet???  Yes, you read that right.  This is typically a $20-30 appetizer plate at some of the nicer restaurants I've been to, so after having a few bones to myself I knew I'd gotten my money's worth.  . . The salad and cold items section had some of the freshest offerings I've ever seen.  Octopus salad!  Shrimp ceviche!  Nom nom nom!. . Service was excellent.  Our servers were very attentive, and they refilled our drinks and cleared our plates away quickly.  . . The dessert selection was impressive.  There were even some sugar-free options (that did NOT taste like your usual sugarless desserts!) and so many gelato flavors to choose from!  Too bad we were too full from sampling everything else at the buffet to really try much of the dessert.  . . I would recommend this place to anyone.  There's plenty of kid-friendly options to pick from too, so parents don't have to worry about it being too sophisticated for a young palate.  Can't wait to go back!
The dainty portions of this buffet meet one of my buffet dining rules - eat small servings.  I like that they are served in little dishes or containers...fewer potentially diseased scoops or tongs to handle.. . Wicked Spoon also meets another of my buffet dining rules - unusual food that makes it worth the risk of stomach explosion.  Yes, I tried the bone marrow (blegh), salads (yes, salads), gelato, desserts (some were too sweet, but they're only a bite); skipped the bacon, bread, fresh fruits, and sushi (who eats that at $25 for brunch?).. . Another buffet rule of mine is eat slowly.  Yes, I'm at that table while you are waiting in line, there while you are scarfing down your fresh fruits and bacon, and still there after you left.  No rush from the server, though.  She cleared our plates promptly, but I did have to ask for refills on our drinks.. . I do wish for more seafood with a Wicked Spoon twist to them...maybe that's at dinner, I don't know.  As with a previous review, don't get that pork riblet in the Chinese takeout container.  it looks cute, but tastes gross.
Breakfast opens at 6:30 sharp and looks like they've been cooking all night. Pretty impressive array of just about everything. I challenge you to try each item...would take the entire time just grazing the buffet. If you arrive early, it's fresh, abundant and less crowded in long lines that eventually form. Flavorful coffee arrives in a piping hot pint mug. Be selective and manage your time...and stomach. Perceived good quality for the value. This coming from a chef recently presenting at the 2013 ACF convention in July. Wish we had time to return for dinner, but one buffet is usually sufficient per visit to LV, lest you regularly pop your knotted coat buttons.
If a restaurant recommanded by the locals, you know this restaurant is a good restaurant.  Wicked spoon meets all the expectation I read from the review.  If you a dessert fan or someone who loves to eat sweet stuffs, I GUARANTEE you will LOVE Wicked Spoon.  There are so many dessert selections.  They made them tiny and adorable which made desert fans jump up and down.  I am not a sweet fan, so I targeted other "salty, oily, unhealthy" food.  (Meat, Meat and alot more Meat). Ok, I'm a Carnivore, you are right.  It is very rare to see a buffet restaurant like Wicked Spoon who made most of their selections in high quality.  Well, besides the fruits, which they leave most of the fruit in whole...like oranges, plums, bananas, apple etc.  You just grab it and gobble it up like animals.  I don't really have any favorite since there were a variety of good selections.  Service was decent, no complaints.  We ate there twice in Four days staying in Vegas.  You guys can see I love this place.  I would give 4 stars if my girl friend didn't force me to give an additonal star since shes a huge fan of sweet food.  Enough words,  I definitely recommand Wicked Spoons if you stays on Strip.
What can I say, I loved everything about this buffet (well, except maybe the price, but oh well). I loved the slightly unusual selection of food at this buffet. It was a great way to get your buffet staples (crab legs, cocktail shrimp, prime rib) but also things you don't see every where like bone marrow, ceviche and pork belly. I loved the atmosphere of the restaurant. Everything was well prepared and you can tell this place focuses more on quality versus quantity. Will be coming back on my next trip to Vegas.
My sister and I heard about different buffets around town, but this one had the best yelp reviews, so we decided to try it out. We aren't big buffet people, but this was amazing. I had to do 2 laps before finally settling on where to begin. We came between breakfast and lunch - which, in my opinion, is a GREAT time to visit Wicked Spoon. Best of both worlds. I grabbed some lunch items that were being set out, and some breakfast items that were going quick! For some reason, their simplest salad [lettuce, feta, and some sort of vinaigrette] was my absolute favorite. Also delicous? The cobbler. I'm a vegetarian, and there aren't all that many veggie options, but I left satisfied, and so did my meat-eating sis.
$54 for brunch buffet and bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's! All 10 girls were GAME ON! . . We arrived on Saturday pretty late into brunch (it IS a bachelorette party, who gets up that early!!) but there was still a good amount of people there. We were seated immediately and ordered our drinks which arrived at the table strikingly fast. . . I was overwhelmed by the variety of food and how beautiful each dish was presented! I loved how each dish was portioned for one person to try. I tried the salads, muscles, chicken wings, cheese and bread, mac and cheese, while mushroom spaghetti, and a few other dishes. Every dish was delicious. There was not a dish that I tried that I did not like. The flavors were rich, so super rich.. . Our waiter was very nice and got all our drinks on our table in a timely manner. Those girls kept ordering the mimosas and the drinks kept on coming! The buffet area was super clean and everything was presented so neatly and pretty. Every dish sparkled. Not really but to me everything in Cosmo sparkles :). . I wasn't feeling well the day I came here because I was running off a total of four hours of sleep in two days and I had nothing but Crown and greasy junk food in my system. After my second small plate at Wicked Spoon and only my third glass of mimosas, I threw down my napkin. I was really; really SAD I didn't get to try EVERYTHING. That's what happens when you play too hard, you miss out on GOOD food!! :(
My favorite vegas buffet with bachannal.
Everything you've heard is true..... This is the best buffet in town! We've been to em all...and baby this is it!. . All all counts: uniqueness, freshness, quality and taste ... WS beats all the others. . The brilliant minuature salads, piles of fine cheeses and breads...fantastic.. Delicious meats, seafood and deserts beyond belief..... We spent 2.5 hours just relishing the whole experience.. So... we have a new favorite...and yes, we will definately be back!
This is definitely the best buffet in Las Vegas. I've been to 3 other Vegas buffets and none of them stack up. . . We went on a Monday night for dinner. The price seemed a little high ($80ish for 2 people) but when we got inside we realized why. There were so many options! Not every dish was a hit, but the majority were. My favorite dish was the short ribs and the beet salad and my husband's was the shrimp with cheese grits. Don't forget to hit the gelato station for dessert! The rest of the desserts were mediocre but the gelato was awesome, and there were a ton of different flavors. It made up for the rest of the so-so desserts. . . Every dish is served in such a cute way and all the portions are small enough that you can try everything. I loved that the salads were in tiny little bowls so I could eat a few (delicious) greens to round out my meal. . . The service was also excellent. Drinks and refills came quickly and servers were very nice. I'm sure this will be the only buffet we go to in Vegas now; Wicked Spoon has spoiled us too much!
This place is always great, and I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes in a line to be seated.  . . Their small dish concept works pretty good, but walking back to your chair with all these small dishes balanced on your plate is pretty entertaining.  Food is great with a large variety to choose from.
Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you: Wicked Spoon - THE buffet of buffets.. . Let me first begin by stating: I am NOT a fan of the buffet.. . Well, I'm a fan of the IDEA of a buffet- endless food, endless desserts...mmmmmm.. . The problem? Well, take your average buffet - the food is plentiful, but the taste, quality, and presentation echo that of a prison scene from a movie, or from the hallowed past of your elementary school cafeteria days.. . Wicked Spoon takes those images, chews them up, and spits them out into something modern, very tasty, and quite enjoyable to look at. (How did I equate spitting with enjoyable??). . If you've ever sat on the couch watching Food Network's Iron Chef, Chopped, or any other show on their lineup that uses verbiage like, "bla bla bla compote" "with a reduction sauce" "pared with a something or other" and your mouth just waters...wondering in your limited restaurant experience what any of those foreign terms taste like- then GO TO WICKED SPOON!!! . . They've got all kinds of bla bla bla compote reduced with a something or other sauce pared nicely with a snippet of something that is PRESENTED to you as if YOU were one of those celebrity judges on Iron Chef!!!. . I felt like a SUPERSTAH as I repeated MANY trips to the salad, desserts, main courses, and even to the MACARONI area where like many buffets with an omelet area, you can choose to have the chef add whatever ingredients in that you'd like (several cheese selections, crispy bacon, veggies, onions, sausage...so many choices) and then he cooks it all together right there. Macaroni with Cheddar, Parmesan, and bacon was my personal favorite.. . Their cheesecake was practically divine. . . The only thing to remember is that the portions are super tiny. Very elegant. Very fancy. . . That's a good thing though. If you get something you don't like (which is virtually impossible at Wicked Spoon), you can mix it around with your fork and it looks like you've eaten most of it. That way you don't have to feel like a wasteful pig when the server comes to clear your dirty dishes.. . I did think it was very expensive. It cost a little over $200 for me, my wife, and our 5 children (1 was under 3, so he was free). However, we have paid close to that in Vegas for other buffets and not been happy at all with the quality.. . On a side note- I finally got to try bone marrow! Completely nasty. I'll never eat it again. BUT, at least I got to try it!!! :-)
Today was the first time I tried the buffet at the cosmopolitan resort in Las Vegas named the Wicked Spoon!  As I walked in, it seemed like every other buffet with the dining area in front and the buffet in the back but as soon as set eyes on the food I was dumbfounded! Most of the food on this strip were all placed on these small portioned plates unlike the massive trays buffet food usually came in.  Each and every dish was made with precise quality and unfathomable expertise.  Not only was the dish made for a portion intended by the chef, each dish was decorated as if it came from a 5 star restaurant.  This is basically a 5 star buffet.. . As I scouted through my options I saw some of the most exotic foods I have seen from a buffet.  There was bone marrow, a Shepard's pie with beef tongue, pulled goat meat, extravagant cheeses, a wild boar sloppy joe, and Chinese food that reminds me of mommy (which is saying a lot).  There are about two dozen different salads in this buffet including an octopus salad.  Of course this buffet has the usual Vegas favorites such as the prime rib station and the endless bucket of snow crab legs, but for the first time in my life, and I have been to just about every buffet in Vegas, there was a Mac and cheese bar.  A divine little section of the buffet where you get to pick and choose your ingredients for Mac and cheese and they cook it for you! Much like an omelette station, but for Mac and cheese.  I just about died and went to heaven from the sheer sight of it.. . Ladies and gentlemen I believe I can safely dub the Wicked Spoon one of and if not the best buffet I visited on the Las Vegas strip and if you're in town it is a must go to spot for your trip!  . . One tip, the juices are free. Order the half orange half cranberry juice.  I would have never thought of the combo but it blew my mind!. . Only complaint, the Chinese pork skin wasn't crunchy, then again I'm a spoiled chinaman, but they got most of it right!
Hands down the best buffet I've ever been to! The food was already amazing to begin with, but the presentation is what makes this place truly worth every penny. It's like you are able to try everything as if it were made for you specifically. . . I couldn't believe the options in that there were so many unique dishes, I didn't know how to conquer them all. Needless to say, I definitely made the most of my visit there and will absolutely come back!
Best buffet I've ever had.  This is not the common "steam tray full of something" you'd expect.  We're talking rich and flavorful items that mostly come in pre-sized portions.  I was there for brunch to keep the price lower, but it was still expensive.  Even with the price I feel I got my money's worth and more.  I will make this a stop I make every time I am in Vegas.
My FAVORITE Vegas buffet so far!. . The food really looked and tasted gourmet. Usually food at buffets are just O-K, but I thought (most of) the food at Wicked Spoon tasted delicious! They also had a lot of variety and eclectic options. . . I LOVE that they have bite sized everything because I usually only want a taste of things and waste the rest of it. They also have some food in cute little pots and pans and baskets and whatnot. Absolutely adorable!. . The restaurant looks like a nice restaurant, not a buffet. . . I was confused about how to tip though! Were we supposed to tip at the cashier? Were we supposed to tip at the table? . . The price wasn't bad either! It was about $43 for dinner (including tax but not tip). We came at 5ish and there was no line, but it was more crowded when we left around 6:30.. . Highly recommend this place!!!
This place is amazing! Way more than what a buffet is. Wicked Spoon has raised the bars on AYCE. Some dishes are served on individual plates, which gives off a very nice presentation. Presentation? At a buffet? Two thumbs up on that.. . Dining Space;. -Yes there is some, so you won't have to bump into chairs or other people.. . Atmosphere;. -Somewhat ambient, but a little more on the brighter side. Dress code is casual, but I've seen people dress up nice for this. To me it's a buffet. Dress to impress mixed in with pigging out is not my style.. . Furniture;. -Over the top for a buffet.. . Service;. -Great. . Variety;. -Pretty good. Korean BBQ was awesome.. . Food;. -Wicked. Yes, I went there.. . Tips;. -Make the effort to go here. Do not let the 1hr line scare you. You're going to a buffet so build up that appetite. If there is any buffet to go to in Las Vegas, it's Wicked Spoon. Trust me, I used to go to LV on a bimonthly basis. I only wish I knew about this place sooner before I stopped my travels there.
Really enjoyed this buffet. First time there and wanted to check it out because of all the good reviews. I would have to say the quality of food was awesome. The only thing that could have been a little better was the sushi rolls. They fell apart as I picked them up.  But still very tasty. My favorite was the locks bagels. The salmon was delicious. The buffet decor and cleanliness was very pleasing. Only waited in line for about 20 mins before I was seated. Very nice wait staff and attentive. If you go for Sunday brunch make sure you get there before 11:30 am because the line starts to get very long around that time. Also you can bottomless mimosas for only 10 extra dollars. Well worth it. Enjoy!
Not just the best buffet we've had in Vegas, but possibly the best buffet we've ever had. The quality of food is superb.
This is probably the best buffet I have ever been to. I love the fact everything is proportioned and the quality is amazing. . . There are two lines. One to pay and one to wait for a table. Have one person stand in each. So that way when you are done paying you are almost ready to he seated. I. made the mistake of not having my husband stand in the other line and ended up waiting two hours!!. . We got unlimited mimosas and the waiter gave us 10 at the end to drink! So much fun. A little pricey but totally worth it!
I don't understand why my friends don't like coming here.  The food is 4 stars, presentation is 5, variety is 5, and it's super different from other buffets in Vegas.  Mac and Cheese station is awesome!
It's a little pricy here but the food is amazing! A buffet worth trying in Vegas!
Food coma, this place was phenomenal. Hit it about 11 am, was $55 for 2 people. Great service! All I can say is try one of everything and pace yourself because almost everything I put in my mouth was awesome!  To name a Few items on the fav list: Mac and cheese, eggs Benedict, smoked trout mousse, mushroom stroganoff, chocolate covered strawberries....etc etc etc
The Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmopolitan is definitely in the top 3 buffets of Las Vegas.  This upscale and modern buffet will please anyone who is hungry, and looking to dine with class.  The price is what you would expect from practically every top buffet in Vegas.  Unfortunately for me, I lost credit card roulette, and had to fork out a few hundred dollars for my friends.  Despite my loss, the food was great.  There was a lot of selection.  All the food was fresh, and very appealing to all the senses.  I absolutely loved the presentation of all the food.  They were all individually portioned already, and placed in a special plate, ready for the taking.  They even had a mini deep fryer to put the fried chicken in.  They also have an omelette bar which was excellent because I love breakfast food.  . . Make sure to save room for dessert because they have a vast dessert section too.  Ladies, you can take all the instagram pictures you want and post it on facebook for the world to see!  . . I would definitely come back in the future.
Great food. Friendly service. It was an interesting selection.  I would definitely recommend for a first try at tapas.
This is my buffet dream come true! It has every selection of food you could possibly want to eat. They had Italian, Asian, American, Korean, Japanese, Chinese food, and tons of cute little desserts. It was about $50/pp with unlimited mimosas and $40/pp without mimosa. The food lives up to the expectation of the cost. We spent a good 2 hrs here enjoying the food. The line is long, but it gets even longer after 10am. I highly recommend this place and to go early.
My wife and I came to Vegas for our 5 year anniversary and, because I like buffets, we looked to Yelp to determine where to go.   Suffice it to say, we chose Wicked Spoon.  The food was delicious and it had a great atmosphere.  Everything was clean and had a really cool vibe to it.  I will say that the one minor inconvenience is how far you need to walk through the hotel to reach the buffet.  In spite of that small little detail they had a great selection of appetizers, cheeses, main courses, and desserts.  The waiters were very prompt with our drinks.  My wife is vegan (mostly) and she was easily able to find what she wanted and I was able to have all the delicious meats I could eat.  I am sure that you will enjoy this place as much as I did.
Want some Mexican food for breakfast? How about some Chinese food? What about Italian food? How about all them! Then try out the Wicked Spoon!! Incredible delicious food and scrumptious yummy desserts, what else could you ask for?! . We went during breakfast and got there just in time because it filled up quick. We had a server who brought us water and left the bottle on the table, which was pretty cool. She also filled the coffee fast and cleared plates quickly so we could get more plates on the table. Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot! . We had eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits and gravy, chicken & waffles, etc. The individual portions were awesome and the items that were are platters were always full. You never felt like you had to wait for anything. . Now let me tell you about the desserts. Yes, desserts for breakfast. Cookies, pies, cakes, ice cream, gelato, fruit tarts, cheesecakes.. OMG! Make sure you leave room because you will definitely regret if you don't.
I was super pleased with my dinner at the Wicked Spoon. The food was amazing. . . They had incredible prime rib, where they cut it rare and grill it to make it exactly medium rare, medium, or well. The lamb at the carving station was also incredible. Note that they didn't have crown / rack of lamb, but they had an incredible lamb leg that was unreal. . . They had baked oysters but not raw ones. They had snow crab but not king crab. They had a great variety of food and I don't think you'd be disappointed. Nice salmon, and pretty much, you name it. . . I felt that the food was excellent, and that it was better than Bellagio buffet, which I had twice on the same trip. However, Bellagio had King Crab legs, Snow Crab, smoked salmon, etc and Bellagio is less expensive. But the subtle taste and selection of the Wicked Spoon made it tops for me. . . We did have an issue where there were no lemons near the crab legs. For some reason, the back of the restaurant must have cut up a ton of limes instead. They had a bowl of limes. I am told that in Spanish, the word may be similar. . . Anyway, the guy at that station was super sarcastic about not having lemons, so we mentioned it to a manager who was very professional. While we didn't believe that there was "a lemon shortage" according to the manager, he did promptly bring out some cut lemons and asked us to describe the person, which he was going to have a talk with. I felt that he handled the situation pretty well. This was a great experience and I should have gone back for a second time. . . Bacchanal is similarly good, but Bacchanal had some techno music playing on a Saturday that seemed designed to get you out of the place. . . As FYI, the Buffet at Planet Hollywood was a huge disappointment. It was mostly fried food and not too much to rave about.
I've been to Wicked Spoon quite a number of times, and try to stop by whenever I'm in Vegas.  I've never been to another buffet with bone marrow, and honestly would not have tried it had it not been on their menu.  I'm a huge fan of the carving station and dessert bar. Just an overall awesome buffet.
To be honest, all my friend had to tell me to convince me to eat here was that they have creamed corn, bone marrow, and gelato. We got the salted peanut caramel, pistachio, and strawberry balsamic gelato. Perfect. . . The selection is a bit smaller than bigger buffets like the Bellagio, but the dishes are really thoughtfully prepared. A lot of the fancier dishes are offered in cute single-serving rammicans, tiny pots, or even a mini fry basket (for the chicken wings). So many nice touches!
My favorite buffet so far in the US. I can ate 20 plates : bone marrows, 5 plates of desserts, italian stuff, everything!
This restaurant is wonderful value for money with truly great meals and desserts.We had a lunch here and I later ate breakfast here. It literally has the best bacon on planet earth.
If there was any buffet that surpasses everything a buffet should be, it is Wicked Spoon. With a set price that you paid before you go in, you get escorted in a wonderful bacchanal paradise. The food selection is enormous. The quality is impeccable. The presentation is elegant.. . What stands out in the Wicked Spoon is their little tiny pots, pans, and steamers that they put their single serving portions in. That and they seem to really put effort in every one of their dish in terms of taste and presentation. The result? Food that satisfy the taste, the eyes, and the stomach. And with the environment looking like an upscale 5-star restaurant with the fun of a buffet, this is what makes the Wicked Spoon so innovating, so brilliant, so awesome.. . I ate until I couldn't eat anymore, and then I ate some more. And after that, I finished with a chocolate-covered strawberry. Divine.
This is one of the best buffets in vegas! There was a huge selection of delicious food and desserts. The decor and presentation of desserts were a plus too! Definitely worth the price even though it's expensive
OMG THE DESSERTS...I CAN'T HANDLE. They have all these different unique ice cream flavors, most of them SO GOOD. and then all these different cakes, mousse, cookies, etcetcetc!!!. . well then theres the food which is also great! don't really remember but they were really unique and i basically tried EVERYTHING and there wasnt anything i disliked.. . totally worth the $50 for dinner, me and my friends stayed for about 2-3 hours...WORTH IT
Try everything here. They are all so amazing. I'm way past full and am still eating. .. hahaha.
I had spotted a picture of their buffet on Instagram and with a trip to Vegas coming up, I knew I had to make it a point to hit this place up. . . Although my group of girlfriends and I were severely hungover, we, by some grace of God, made our way to Wicked Spoon's brunch buffet. we ate so much food, it's just too much to list. Some of the foods that stood out were the mac and cheese, chow mein noodles, fried chicken wings, bone marrow, and korean bbq ribs. With any buffet, there are always a couple of mediocre choices, but overall, everything was delicious. . . Let us not forget the amazing plethora of dessert choices. The girls and myself decided to get one of each so that we could all take a bite of each dessert they had. It was all exceptional. Especially the carrot cake, Thai tea ice cream, and chocolate pudding. . . For the set price of $45 (this also included bottomless mimosas), I was not disappointed.
Amazing buffet especially for vegetarians.
So yummy! Best Vegas buffet so far (it was fairly new when we first tried it).
In 2011 I remembered this as the best buffet I had. Two years later, I still think this place is amazing. I had the Paris buffet yesterday, and that doesn't hold a candle to Wicked Spoon. There are some amazing, inventive, and original dishes. Along with some delicious standards. The BEST fried chicken you'll ever have. Period. You will not go wrong with this place. There's a reason there's a line outside...
Service is getting this place 5 stars!. . Crystal, our waitress, was amazing!!!!!!. . The food is ALL fresh, the selection is great ( but doesn't really vary by day) and the line moves fast. What more can you ask for?
Impressive presentation.  Perfect tasting portions.  Everything from the salads to the dessert bar is worth trying!  We went to Bacchanal yesterday and had to try Wicked Spoon to compare.  The service at Wicked Spoon was better - more attentive and quicker to refill drinks and clear plates.  Bacchanal has more of a selection.  We really enjoyed the atmosphere and didn't feel rushed.  My husband's favorite item was the bone marrow, I loved the carnitas.  The almond joy gelato was our favorite dessert.  Go to the Wicked Spoon!  You won't be disappointed.
The Best Buffet I've ever been! I was there for some big conference, and had been eating junks for few days. I and my friend decided to go Wicked Spoon for dinner when we had finished early. I had a big sore in my mouth, so I had all kind of vegetable dishes to get a lot of vitamins, and they are all super tasty!! We loved there so much, we went there again 2 days later. And yes, my sore was gone right away.
Probably top 3 of my favorite buffets in Vegas. Huge carving station, very fresh sushi and great gnocchi. Quality and quantity are not sacrificed here.
Been to a litany of buffets in Vegas across the fanciness spectrum and this is by far the best.. . Selection variety is a foodie paradise (smoked pork belly at the carving station, trout mousse, polenta with pine nuts and blue cheese) and the presentation is very unique (almost like a testing menu). . . I will definitely return.
Hands down the best buffet on the strip. We have eaten her so many times that it's become a tradition to visit every time we are in town. The ambiance is great with contemporary decor. The waiters and waitresses give top notch customer service. . . Great food selection no matter what you're in the mood for. They also get bonus points in my book for presentation. I love how they portion their food into little mini skillets and fry baskets, perfect so you don't overcommit to a single dish. They are reasonably priced for the vast selection of foods and desserts compared to other buffets in Vegas. And the icing on the cake, you can add $10 on top of the cost for bottomless mimosas and bloody marys. . . Here is a breakdown of the cost and hours: . . Daily Brunch: Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 2 p.m. ($26.00). Weekend Brunch: Saturday - Sunday, 8 a.m. - 3 p.m. ($34.00). Daily Dinner: Monday - Thursday, 5 p.m. - 9 p.m. ($38.00). Weekend Dinner: Friday, 5 p.m. - 10 p.m.; Saturday, 3 p.m. - 10 p.m.; Sunday, 3 p.m. - 9 p.m. ($41.00)
Went here for the breakfast buffet and it was off the chain.  The restaurants at the Cosmo in general are so good, that I think I might just stay there next time.. . This is definitely the best buffet I have attending in Vegas thus far.  Also, Gelato for breakfast!
My favorite buffet is Vegas. The food was amazing and the mac and cheese station was really kool. The guy behind the counter was very friendly and was asking everyone where they were from. My family and I r definitely coming here every year. Can't wait to come back to this amazing buffet.
I'm not a big Buffet guy as it's always too much for me to eat to the point of getting sick, but every now and then I get the urge to go.  . . I've never experienced a Buffet like this and I've been to some of the more renown high-end buffets.  EVERYTHING was gourmet.  I almost recommend not eating the entire day before going because it's so overwhelming how much good food there is.  . . Highlights:. Wild Boar Sloppy Joe Sliders. Beef Tongue Sheppard's Pie (my favorite). Gnochhi. Waldorf Salad. Every single dessert. Fried Chicken. Mashed Potatoes. . I'd even recommend working out hard before going to build up your appetite and prepare to calorie-load haha.
This was by far the best buffet my husband and I have ever been too. Every dish I tried was delicious. We received a two for one deal by becoming an Identity Member. So it made it affordable. Love the fig, bacon, balsamic salad  and the extensive dessert bar. We went for brunch and enjoyed a large variety of high end breakfast and lunch dishes. Definitely worth hitting up while you're in Vegas.
No complaints whatsoever. It's beautiful, wait wasn't long, and the food is to die for. I've been coming to Vegas at least yearly for most of my life and this is my favorite buffet. Absolutely worth the price.
Still the best bufet on the Las Vegas Strip.  The quality is higher here.  I especially like the made to order mac n cheese.  The desserts are world class and the atmosphere is classy.  I love the osso bucco and the sushi!
Food: 5/5. Location: 5/5. Ambiance: 5/5. Service: 4/5. Experience: 5/5. . . The Verdict: 5/5. . I normally don't give 5/5 but this buffet does deserve this score.. . I visited The Wicked Spoon this past Oct 4th for their Lunch Buffet. How I've longed to eat at this place. Several of my friends had mentioned that this is the best buffet you can get in Las Vegas. I agree, partially! Haha. . It's weird that I have some reservations in giving them a 5 rating when I did have some one off's.. . Food:. The selection like most buffets is indeed vast. There were several sections: The Salad Bar, The Omelet station, The Asian Section, Americana and the dessert bar.. . At the salad bar, they have your everyday greens with some specialty items. They did have the not so normal, Kale salad and a cheese section. Also, at this station is some cold meats and smoked salmon, which is an upside in comparison to others. Also, they have a juice station, which included; watermelon drink, strawberry banana juice etc. . . The American section had the usual carving station that had sausages, beef, ham, chicken and the norm. The highlight of this section, which is the most popular item perhaps, is the Bone Marrows. A mountain of gelatinous fat on roasted bones, what is not to like. I just found this to be okay, but I know that others may find it more exciting than how I actually found it to be. . . The Asian section came with the usual, Sushi, noodles, fried rice, broccoli beef. The highlight in this section is probably the Korean Short Rib BBQ. I know for a fact that a pound of uncook ribs goes easily for $10 a pound, when at the wicked spoon comes in heaps. The Ribs was exactly how it supposed to be, tangy, sweet and delicious.. . The dessert bar is big. A  variety of dessert. A definite standout is the chilled white chocolate cake that is filled with passion fruit crema - Excellent!!. . The lunch deal which was around $26 plus tax is definitely a great deal. Although from what I heard, the price doubles during dinner because at that time seafood is available.. . I recommend this and agree that this just might be the best buffet. Located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel, which in my opinion is the best hotel at the strip at this moment.. . Verdict - Strongly Recommended
OH MY GOODNESS - do not pass this place up!  It is important to note that I HATE buffets and typically refuse to go to a buffet dinner, however I gave in and am so glad I did.  In fact, we came here twice during our three night stay - once for dinner and once for breakfast because it was too delicious to try somewhere else.  . . The individual portions they give you are too cute and just right in size so that you can try a little of everything.  From the candy and gelato at the dessert station to the mac and cheese bar and array of salads, this was a food lovers paradise.  This place is also a steal if you want to drink as they have bottles of wine on the table that only cost $20!  Yep, for the whole bottle.  . . For breakfast, they serve unusual recipes such as Blue Moon beer pancakes and "angry" mac and cheese (which is spicy).  You can't go wrong with a choice because each choice is better than the last!  . . I am looking forward to my next trip to Vegas so that I can dine at the Wicked Spoon.
Fabulous! Everything I had was good from the gnocchi, to the short ribs on polenta! Omelette was great, service was pleasant,  and a beautiful display and offering for a buffet.
This place is down right Awesome!. A must try if you get to Las Vegas!. The only bad thing I have to say about Wicked Spoon is that I did not take the time time to try it earlier - what was I thinking  - . The food was was  excellent . Service was amazing . Never thought a buffet could match the service and food quality  of a upscale restaurant - Wicked Spoon has surpassed that expectation . We will be back again and again
Geez. Wicked Spoon is a hit or miss for me.  . . My last visit was so awesome that I ate lunch/brunch there two times on consecutive days.  (I had players club credits so both times were free). . Wicked Spoon is awesome cause they change things up.  I think they try to remain competitive with Caesars New Buffet. . . If Prime Rib is the only thing to eat at a Vegas Buffet, then it usually isn't a good buffet.  Lets just say I did not eat red meat at this Buffet cause there was many other things to eat.
I didn't eat the entire day in order to prepare myself for Wicked Spoon.  It was worth the wait.  Everything from the ambiance, the service, the quality of food, the dessert bar, and most specifically the presentation of the food was exquisite.  It was very much worth the hype.  . . Compared to Wynn-  There are more salad and dessert selections in Wicked Spoon. Whereas the Wynn has more warm plate selections.  There are also bigger portions in Wicked Spoon since most of their dishes are presented in individual miniature pots, take out boxes, and square bowls.  . . As far as the food.  Things that stood out last night that I recommend trying if it so happens to be in the menu the night you attend:. . -Korean BBQ ribs: it was one of the best Korean bbq's I had in a long time . . -Watermelon, goat cheese/cream cheese, aged balsamic, and chives: that was hands down my favorite.  It is served in a tiny bowl so that you can eat the entire thing with one bite.  It is a must try!  Everyone in my table was a fan and I believe a majority of us came back for 4 more.. . -Figs, blue cheese, and candied bacon. . -Mac and Cheese bar. . -Prime Rib. . -Cheesy Polenta . . ...and of course, the dessert bar.
As good as it gets!  I love love love it...  Where to start?  Prime rib, superb!  Typically prime rib at a buffet is dull, boring and flavorless made with inferior meat but here it's delicious.  Conjures up house of prime rib style, full of flavor and oh so tender.  I really enjoyed the small servings for most of the items, makes you taste many of the different offerings.  Some other standouts for me were the polenta with pesto and blue cheese, also the scrumptious paella, knocked my socks off, I could taste the saffron for sure.  I loved the mini wedge salad too, so cute.  Other nice touches were the bottled water and prompt service.  But the best part of it all is the dessert area, OMGeeee!  Just outstanding so much variety and great quality.  I think the selection of gelato flavors deserves an award.  There is everything you can think of too, I enjoyed the peach cobbler with vanilla gelato and the carrot cake but the most  wonderful surprise were the peach marshmallows, holy heaven those were just devine!  Dinner on Saturday night will run you $40 but very much worth it.  I can't wait to return again, this is a must when visiting LV.
wow wow wow wow! I loved this buffet. I went to 3 buffets last weeks (bellagio, wynn and wicked spoon) and this one is my absolute favorite. We got excellent service for Champagne brunch (Thanks LISA!!!) . We never once had an empty glass. awesome. Now for the important - the food. wow again! Soo many great options, very cool single serving portions. Interesting asian and italian recipes. bone marrow! truffled mac n cheese, berries, smoothies, so many salad choices, and of course an awesome omelets bar. and the crazier part.....dessert!!!!! wow wow wow and wow. so many options of cakes, cookies, pastries, ice creams. I was in heaven and I mixed and matched a ton. oh yeah and chocolate covered strawberries. Best brunch ever! I cannot wait to come back, i may even give dinner a try here.
One of the best buffets I've been to so far. The amount of food options is quite impressive and everything tastes heavenly! I have been here twice and I have not been disappointed, you definitely get the quality that you pay for. Go here hungry because you will want to try everything and do not forget to save room for dessert!!!
My favorite buffet in Vegas because of the best selection of gelato, well-seasoned Korean Kalbi, and medium rare sirloin steak. For $34 brunch not bad at all!
An amazing meal! We came for dinner, it was a little expensive, but once we started eating I was amazed by the flavors and simplicity of the food!  My favorite the oysters, they were amazing. The hardest part was leaving space the the dessert table!. This will be a definitely stop for me next time that I am in vegas!
First time at the buffet Las Vegas style.... Apperently there is a difference between the lunch buffett to the dinner buffett.. In the dinner buffett ($38)there  much more meat options and the lunch buffett ($ are 26) has also breakfast dishes. Nice to know.. . It was expensive but worthy. Had verity of options, many kinds of salads and deserts and for someone how loves vegetebls in any shape and way it was perfect . . It was good. But expensive.
The food quality at this place is good but not fantastic. The only reason I'm giving this place 5 stars is because of the very short line and to go option :)
Ein hochwertiges und enorm vielfaltiges Buffet fur 38$. Hier kann man absolut nichts falsch machen. Unzahlige Vor-, Haupt- und Nachspeisen - teilweise auf Gourmetniveau. Ich kann hier gar nicht mehr schreiben - fur den Preis...Leute, geht einfach hin!
the best buffet i think i have ever been to!! the ambiance and selection of food and gourmet foods is amazing here! I didn't pay for it so that also added to my excitement but definitely would think about paying full price anyways. the artisan glass bottle water is a nice touch to the table.  the workers are very friendly and have awesome small lil baskets with food for you to just pick up and take. really good salad and fruit and everything is fresh and taste amazing! also i loved the dessert bar with the gelato! wow amazing!
Great concept and nice alternative to the standard Las Vegas buffet. . . You basically get to pick mini-dishes of individual portions of whatever you are eating. You get 1 large plate and then you just place smaller plates that have say salad or steak in them. You dont have to scoop anything and
Fresh, top quality and beautifully presented foods and desserts. Very impressed with couscous and shepherd's pie with cow tongue brisket. Very tasty and ingredients are well integrated! Love their thai tea gelato, coconut macaroon, fruit macaron, and white chocolate mousse! Will definitely return to try more entrees.
Prior to ever knowing about Wicked Spoon, I've always associated the word "Wicked" with witches, musicals and a slang word. But, O.M.G! Call me a "Gold-digger" of buffets. I'll milk what ever I can from this place!. . I vowed to myself that when I came back to Vegas, Wicked Spoon will have to be part of my itinerary. And so I did include a mandatory visit. I came here on a Sunday evening after watching some SNF. It was a miracle that this place was not busy at all when I arrived. The seating was quick and complimented friendly service.. . Entering this buffet made me feel like Homer J. Simpson. I felt like I was in the episode of his AYCE candy binge dream. My highlight food items were:. . - Wicked fried chicken. - Potato wedges. - Short rib kabli (Korean BBQ). - BBQ ribs. - Prime rib. - Gelatos (Nutella, coconut, green tea, tiramisu). - Chocolate covered strawberries. - Macaroons. - Cream puffs. - Chocolate peanut butter rice crispy treats. . All these items were just too hard to pass up. Cooked to perfection and enjoyable through every single bite..  . I kept my word for getting my monies worth! Most definitely one of my top choices of buffet. PERIOD!
The best buffet I have been to.  They have everything!!! Crab legs, shrimp and grits and sushi.  Great service.  Can't wait to go back.
By far, the BEST buffet in Las Vegas!! They provide a variety of options for all different types of palletes AND the quality of the food is EXCEPTIONAL!! This is DEFINITELY NOT cafeteria food (like most buffets)!! And most importantly, the food presentation is Phenomenal!! Get wicked at Wicked Spoons!!
I have been here twice on two separate trips, once for dinner and once for breakfast. All I have to say is "Best Buffet EVER!!". Quality and creative dishes, such a great variety! Something for everyone! I can't wait until my next trip to Vegas simply to come back here. Dessert buffet is ridiculous, plus a huge variety of gelato. No complaints, nothing but love for the Wicked Spoon.
Not a buffet person, but this food is a great way to sample gourmet food.  Price Perfectly and you won't be disappointed.  I like the way the servings are arranged, not buffet style, but a personal mini sample spoon or plate.  Very Cute.  i liked the mini fry basket for the Sweet Potato Fries.....
This is the best buffet u can find in Vegas! The decor phenomenal. The food is great and there's so much variety that you would not ever see in another buffet. This is a unique buffet that is worth the $42! I've been to several buffets in Vegas including the Wynn but wicked spoon was the best in my personal opinion.  Dessert section is wonderful. Great gelato choices.
I mean...who in their right hungry-starving-I can eat a cow-mind would go to a buffet as their first meal? *Raises hand...I would! And more so at this place. The Wicked Spoon really is pretty wicked... it's that good. I admit their ambiance, decor, and presentation of food really add to the appeal and satisfies my anger just right. . . Food was great. Presentation added a bunch to the taste I am sure! Who dosn't want to eat Mac n Cheese in mini pots? Everything from soups to pizzas, breakfast foods like bagels , french toast, eggs...to cheeses, seafood, Chinese, sausages, Korean BBQ ribs, pizza, and fruit and dessert. . . Service was superb. Lady (forgot her name...yikes) remembered my name and repeated it several times throughout the dining experience..."How is everything Jen?", " Jen what else can I get you? " "Thanks so much Jen, have a great day" ..holy cow..how did she remember my name with all the other tables she had? I don't care how...not many people do that..and she impressed me. Needless to say I tipped her well as she was on top of everything. . . Food was just that..brunch. Breakfast+ lunch. Oh and a whole load of desserts. . . Fave: Wicked Juice  (their own staple fresh juice made of strawberries, bananas, pineapple juice, lime, orange and maybe something else) AND French Brioche Toast (I know I know but really...so GOOD with honey butter and powdered sugar. Best toast I ever had in my life. One bite turned into 5 different flavors right after another. Amaze-balls. . . Tip: Currently $34 for brunch and add 10 dollars for bottomless mimosas/champagne/bloody Marys. If you want to go the cheap but want to be buzzed route...just half the amount of bottomless drinks per party (i.e get 1 bottomless to share for 2..seriously they don't care and never notice...they just want tips) BUT NO, seriously don't do that because that is JUST WRONG ...right???!
The Wicked Spoon has a nice atmosphere, excellent service, and high-quality food with  great attention to detail.. . My husband and I had brunch at the Wicked Spoon and we were both very impressed. I was so happy to see fresh pain au chocolate (a French chocolate croissant); it reminded me of our honeymoon in Europe. They were always my breakfast of choice and every time we rode a train, I would  get one. The crispy croissant, the warm chocolate that melts in your mouth . . . brought back memories and made me long for France.. . A lot of the dishes at the buffet were made in house, such as the Wicked Juice, house-cured bacon, house-made Italian sausage, and smoothies. Everything tasted so fresh and flavorful! . . When reading reviews online, everyone mentioned the bone marrow at the Wicked Spoon. I had never tried bone marrow before and found it rather flavorless and gelatinous, but maybe it's an acquired taste. The house-cured bacon on the other hand was a smoky delight on the taste buds.. . One of my favorite dishes at the Wicked Spoon is the Korean BBQ (I was too ravenous at the time to get a picture as we had skipped breakfast. Plus, my plate was piled high with grilled Korean short ribs glistening with sauce that you would have thought I was a tad bit crazy). Their vegetarian Udon noodles, Chinese Pork buns, and Indian curried rice pack in the flavor.. . The Wicked Spoon uses ramekins, small plates, and miniature saucepans to create individual portion sizes and creative presentations. I like this because it lets you try small quantities of dishes. It also makes your plate a whole lot neater!. . The baker and I at the Wicked Spoon must have the same love for chocolate and raspberry combinations. They had a molten chocolate cake submersed in a raspberry sauce, a chocolate-raspberry tart, and a chocolate bundt cake with raspberry sauce. They also had fresh raspberry sorbet! Ok, I'm totally in love!. . See full review: http://www.flavorfuljourneys.com/two-best-buffets-las-vegas/
The best buffet I've ever been too.  The food presentation is very unique & makes the food appear irresistible.  Tons of desserts & a wide variety of great tasting food to choose from.
This place is awesome. Simple as that. If you want a great Vegas buffet that's not $50-60, then I fully recommend it.  Wicked Spoon is located in the beautiful Cosmopolitan Hotel.  This buffet is different from your typical Vegas buffet.  They pre-portion a lot of the food which is really cool so it prevents you from over loading your plate.  Yes, you can still eat as much as those pre-portioned items as you want, but I appreciated being able to get individual tiny boxes of chinese food, small salads, fried chicken, etc.  They have a lot of elevated buffet food as well like Ravioli with Duck Confit or Truffle Risotto or every single kind of meat you could ever want.  Our server was great and had no issues clearing our plates and refilling drinks when we needed them.  The food was legitimately good! It didn't taste like it had been sitting there all day.  I wish we had gone for the lunch instead of brunch so I could have tried out the taco bars that the omelette station replaced, but I guess i'll have to go again! Get there early because the line can build up fast!
This place has a large selection of delicious and beautiful foods.. . It is pricey, but considering that most of the restaurants in Vegas are pricey, it is acceptable.. . What's important is that you will have a good time here.. . I loved the thinly sliced prime rib and so many desserts.
It's one wicked buffet indeed! Hip and trendy, this is located inside the very chic Cosmopolitan Hotel. . . I've frequented this buffet quite a handful of times now so my review here is long overdue. My last visit was over Thanksgiving and it was only by default that we came because our original plan was to hit up Bacchanal Buffet (the new and very hyped up buffet at the Caesars Palace) which had a ridiculous wait of 3-4 hours at 2PM. Sorry, I'm not THAT crazy to stay in line that long. Wicked Spoon here we come! Ohhhh yeah!!. . 45 minutes of waiting in line to pay and another 45 minutes to get seated, not bad! We paid about $50 per person for dinner as opposed to $60 in Bacchanal for their Thanksgiving rate. You have to pay extra $$ if you want mimosa included. . . So among the plethora of food choices to choose from, arranged by cuisines from all corners of the world, below is an outline of the reasons why I love Wicked Spoon. . . FOR STARTERS, I WENT CRAZY OVER THESE:. -Pumpkin Soup---Not sure what else is in this soup aside from the pumpkin but it's hearty and addicting! . -King Crab Legs---Fresh and sweet! . -Shrimp Cocktail---Succulent! . . FROM THE CARVING STATION:. -Bone Marrow---I ate this like there was no tomorrow. I probably need to see a heart doctor soon but it was all worth it. "A moment on your lips, a lifetime on the hips!" . -Roast Beef---Yummm.... -Lamb---Cooked perfectly, not gamey, tender, juicy, tasty...Need I say more!?. -Turkey---Not a turkey fan but it was Thanksgiving so I had to eat some. It was great! . . SEAFOOD ENTREES:. -Shrimps---Cooked in butter, garlic, and other spices. I got down and dirty eating these crustaceans. Delicious!. -Mussels Mariniere---I had 3 bowls of these. The sauce was fantastic! I was literally slurping it down. . . ASIAN CORNER:. -Roasted Pork Belly---5-spice infused, the pork was beautifully cooked. It was juicy, tender, and flavorful! The crispy skin was a nice added touch. . . CARBO LOADING:. -Paella. -Mushroom Risotto. -Mac N Cheese---Dude!! They have a MADE-TO-ORDER STATION for this! It's amazing! You get to pick what you want in your Mac N Cheese. Sooooo goooood!. . DESSERT:. -Chocolate Covered Strawberries---This is one sight to behold and an indulgence to partake. A must!. -Gelato---A myriad of flavors to choose from...you'll go crazy! Thai Iced Tea and Nutella were my top two favorites! . -Macarons---Last but not the least, these are not to be missed. They had the mango flavored that day and it was divine! Sad to say, the next batch didn't have the same perfect consistency as the first ones I've had. All's well though because I may have had as much as my heart's content before the 2nd batch came out.   . . SERVING:. Most of their dishes are already pre-plated in small portions. It's nice how they do this because not only does it minimize waste, it also allows you to try small portions of all the food selections they have to offer without over filling yourself. I like their concept: unique and practical! . . SERVICE:. -From the people at the register, to the receptionist, and to the server, everyone were all smiles and efficient in what they do. Our plates were cleared whenever needed and our drinks were always filled. Top-notch service! . . For now, I think Wicked Spoon is the best buffet in Vegas. Quality food and service. Then again, I have yet to try what Bacchanal has to offer. Until then...
Now my favorite buffet in Vegas. Went 8:30pm on a Monday. No crowd & no wait. Then the carnage began. I decimated the Korean ribs, mac & cheese with brisket added, collared greens, and shrimp and grits.  Then I laid waste to the dessert section, especially salted peanut caramel gelato & the toffee dipped strawberries.. . Too many choices, too little stomach space...
Wow.... All I can say is.... wow. We tried several buffets during our last trip to Vegas, but this one was the best. Go for brunch and load up on chocolate strawberries and Nutella crepes.  And take a moment to eyeball the beautiful Cosmo... it really beautiful and only opened in 2010.
I went here for during the lunch special, and it was WAY worth it. We had to wait in line for about 20 minutes, but once we were seated, it was smooth sailing from there. The food presentation as well as the selection was ridiculous. It was all so beautiful and I wanted to eat EVERYTHING.. . Word of advice though...don't go to thebread section first. Seriously. You'll be too full to try anything else.
I am not a buffet lover, being a vegetarian but the Wicked Spoon seems to have it all! My picky four year old really enjoyed himself and I enjoyed the complimentary champagne. I only went to the breakfast-lunch seating. The staff was very friendly and attentive. All food was fresh and tasted great.
Well, I have a new favorite buffet in Vegas!  This buffet is about quality rather than quantity.  They have less options than some of the other casino buffets.  However, they still have a lot of food.  Unlike many of the other buffets, the food is portioned out in small plates.  You take the small plates as you go by.  I really like this because it helps with portion control.  It definitely helped me from eating too much.  . . This is located in the Cosmopolitan and it was hard to find.  It took us nearly an hour to get here from the New York New York hotel.  To be fair, we got awful directions from our front desk that involved like three hotels and a tram.  We should have just walked here on the strip.  . . The service was good and place was clean.  We didn't have to wait when we came here on Friday around 7pm.  However, we came during the off-season.  . . Anyhoo, my boyfriend and I loved this buffet.  I will come here again!
Some Quick tips;. . I've always gone on a weekend... expect 45 min - 90 min waits during most hours.. . a little hard to get to! if you enter from the ground level, head straight for the elevator that's past the first bar and follow the signs.. . If you don't have anything to do that day... I'd recommend going on a Sunday. It allows you to binge eat without getting too tired. Binge eating = no time for partying.. . Take advantage of the small portions they have here(fried chicken, mac n' cheese)... It allows you to taste everything from the sushi to the egg Benedict.. . Sundays also have complimentary champagne (unless they've stopped serving that).. . The cost is a little surprising, but remember the other buffets are similar in pricing but not nearly as good. . . Lastly, deserts are probably the best in Vegas
After losing all your money during the weekend, this is the place to go on your final day of Vegas to feel like a baller again.  For $30 (plus $10 for unlimited mimosas), you can feel as good as you did when you stepped off the plane to start the weekend. . . Anything you can dream of for brunch you can find, and there will be plenty amazing surprises as well.  After 48 hours of drinking every minute of being awake, it was very nice to have prime rib, a bacon and egg panini, fried chicken wings, pumpkin flavored pancakes, a croissant, and pizza on my plate.  In addition to that, our server kept those champagne bottles coming (think Lil Wayne music video...but instead, replace money and cars with white kids eating breakfast, and whatever the complete opposite of Dom Perignon is).. . Whoever's complaining about the price, don't act like you didnt just lose $100 in craps in 5 minutes. At least you'll get something for your money here besides shattered dreams.
WOW! This place was amazing! We went here for our one fancy dinner in Vegas. After a long day of shopping and gambling and we were hungry! Vegas is notorious for it's buffet's and this place had great reviews. We followed the signs inside the Casino up the second floor and found the wicked spoon. There was no line and no waiting. Pretty good for a Saturday night. We paid $41 a person and we have to say it was worth well more than that! My husband's first plate was composed of prime rib, gourmet Mac n cheese, roasted potatoes, and garlic mashed potatoes. My plate had BBQ shrimp and grits (tasty combo), scallop, garden salad, and some yummy antipasto salad. We browsed more of the selections and ended at the desert area. Anything and everything you could imagine was there! I particularly loved the gelato and the Nutella and pear tart. My hubby loved the hazelnut cranberry tart. We were both so full afterwards but way impressed by the quality of the buffet food. Our waiter was hospitable and the restaurant was trendy and they played awesome music! Lots of mid 2000's jams we remember from when we first met. So many hot spots play the mindless bumping music of dumbstep so it was refreshing to hear catchy music we could understand. The food was so worth it, and if you are at the Cosmopolitan then check out Wicked Spoon! A truly gourmet buffet experience!
My friends and I LOVE Wicked Spoon! We come here every time we go to Las Vegas. We've tried other well-known buffets and nothing compares! All the food is well-made, high quality, and presented beautifully. For example, the banger n mash (available at breakfast/brunch) has a dollop of mash , then the gravy poured over it, then the banger placed on top of that along with some steamed carrots for color (beautiful to look at and delicious) and is ready to grab n go. You will get excited to try it just by the way it looks. Practically everything looks FRESH and delicious! I haven't seen anything here that makes me think, "yuck, I don't think I should eat that..." . . Most importantly to me, Wicked spoon has a lot of PALEO FRIENDLY FOOD! I got a plate of bacon, kale salad, pork belly, beets, artichoke hearts, and bone marrow! I scooped out the bone marrow , added a dash of salt, then mixed it into my kale salad. DELICIOUS! I would have got some prime rib, but I just don't like that cut of meat. The fattier the better, I say! This plate was just the first of a lot of different paleo-ish foods I picked.  Also, there is a fresh/custom omelet bar that will usually have a long line. I'll try that next time! The goodness doesn't stop at wicked spoon. Trust me, the long line is worth the wait!
We recently Tried Wynn , Cesar palace and Cosmopolitan buffets. supposedly 3 best buffets in town and in terms of food variety wicked spoon @ Cosmo and bacchanal @ Cesar palace buffets were neck to neck and top notch but the relaxed environment wise I will choose wynn's buffet. If you will be in town for several days try to avoid eating these buffet on weekends and other holidays instead go there on weekdays around 2:30pm - dinner starts at 3pm and lunch prices are way better and the dinner menu starts at 3pm.
The food was so good especially the Italian sausage and chocolate strawberry ... Ohh my mouth is watering. I came during brunch hour on a Saturday and for three it cost around $120. It was worth coming here. My suggestion before you leave ... Grab a cup of pistachio ice cream. Plus its all you can eat buffet. :D
Bottomless mimosas for $10 extra and great service. Was a little pricey but look for but one get one coupons online and in those coupon books you get when you book into your hotel. Huge selection of breakfast, lunch, dinner and desert all before noon. Get there at 10:45 instead of 11:30 and save yourself a long wait in line. I don't get excited for buffets simply because I don't like to stuff my face and be miserable for the next few hours but if you have the willpower to not over eat or a cast iron stomach then this is a great choice.
The Wicked Spoon is THE BEST BUFFET ever!!! The food is flavorful and savory, when you eat somewhere, 5 or 6 months later, you will probably forget all about it,  but at the wicked spoon, it is so flavorful and delicious that the flavor will stay in your mouth and you'll remember it forever! On of the best food in the world!!! Are you going to Vegas??? You better stop by The Wicked Spoon to have the most amazing food ever!!
Oh Wicked Spoon my new favorite LV buffet ... where to begin? First of all the decor alone was that of an upscale restaurant (unlike most other Vegas buffets) which I loved!. .   The server was super nice and kept my mimosas coming which is important to me at a buffet. The mimosas tasted like they were made with fresh OJ as opposed to the crappy stuff. The lunch buffet was $60 total for my boyfriend and I PLUS drinks which is great!! Don't go to a Vegas buffet and complain about spending money they are all mostly the same prices.. The food was amazing they has so many things to choose from and it was all HOT and fresh (which is rare at buffets as well) The Korean BBQ and fried chicken were two of my favorites not to mention the angry mac & cheese. . .   There was so much I didn't even get a chance to try after I already had at least 9 food items. The dessert was my main concern and it pretty much ALL blew me away. The gelato and mini cakes were all so good and moist. Everything tasted fresh nothing stale at all.. The cookies sitting there were even warn. Carrot cake and gelato was on point! I've been to most of the buffets and this one was the best so far! Of course Cosmo has the best of everything!
One of the best buffets of my life. No joke. Line was long for it, so that's a good sign but that's the case with all Vegas buffets. It's about $50 a head on Saturdays for dinner. Good selection of many things. Highlights for me include: freshly cut prime rib, medium rare with a great crust. Leg of lamb. Crab legs already split for you, no cracking necessary. It's crack-a-lacking. Truffle Risotto. Macarons. Gelato. Bone marrow. Shrimp and grits. Shrimp cocktail and ceviche. Everything else was really good and very un-buffet like but those were the star attractions for me personally. Obviously it's not for everyone and it depends on your taste buds. It seems they offer things seasonally or only once in a while so not everything is always the same each time you come. I had so much seafood and prime rib that I got my money back in my belly in no time and then some! Great buffet, I can't wait to come back and try some of the other Vegas buffets but thus far, one of the best for me.
Best buffet I've been to. I like the small plates concept, because it makes for better portion control. Salmon is usually overcooked and hard firm, mine was perfect. It's all been said already, but I loved it. Best money I spent here.
This was a totally wicked buffet. I don't know why you would rate this less than 3 stars. I would suggest the apple crumble and the strawberry balsamic from the desert bar (no, the ice cream doesn't taste like vinegar). They also have the BEST garlic bread and pita chips. Everything is very fresh. Also we called most of the buffets and they had like 2 hours wait, and we only waited like 10 minutes or less. It was pricey, but if you have a kid you pay $18 (ages 4-13) . I would eat here everyday :)
This buffet is amazing!  The line to enter the buffet has never been extremely long in my experience but even if you do have to wait in a hour long line, it is well worth it.  . The waiters/waitresses are friendly, very attentive, and pay attention to whenever you have any empty plates or cups at your table.  I have rarely had to catch the waiter/waitress's attention to get a refill on any drink.  . Next, the food is of a very high quality.  I have not disliked any dish I have tried and every dish tastes amazing and as though it had been made to order.  Many dishes are professionally prepared on individual platters which is aesthetically pleasing and adds to the experience.  There is a huge selection of food and desert, none of which is not of good quality.. The price is rather expensive, but you get what you pay for in this case because everything about this place is amazing.. 10/10 for food, 10/10 for service, 8/10 for price.. Overall, this buffet is definitely worth going to and is a must if you are in Vegas for vacation!. . . Other comparable buffets:. Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace. The Buffet at the Wynn
There were so many options of prime food available here. Depending on when you arrive, you will be able to find delicacies such as walnut french toast for breakfast or fresh king crab legs and juicy leg of lamb for lunch and dinner. I do believe they have permanent installations of other food such as korean bbq and american buttermilk fried chicken. But in addition, they serve their sweet desserts around the clock, with their Italian gelato as their keynote. On another note, they also serve a wide variety of vegetarian friendly dishes that one can choose from. The quantity of the food they serve equals the quality of food and service. For each serving station, they have a handful of chefs that maintain the great quality of the food. Their servers will also keep you hydrated with the complimentary drink, and the aforementioned stations can even receive personalized requests. The $42 buffet price is really worth it all. One just better come hungry!
This is the most dangerous place for a person like me to be in. I am greedy when it comes to food. I tend to overestimate my own food-consumption capability. If you're like me aka you have eyes that love to eat, you will love Wicked Spoon. . The 2hrs line is worth waiting for. Just errr try to make sure you eat for around 2hrs as well. Haha . So, their system is: . 1. Line up to pay for buffet (around $50 per person for brunch - this includes tax). 2. Line up to get seated. Once all this lining up is done.. Go cray. . Non alcoholic drinks are free of charge and they change up the food from time to time. . I only got a tiny bite of their mac-n-cheese. It was so sad because they were so delicious! The thing that impresses me the most are:. - small paper Chinese to-go boxes that they used to serve Korean dishes (they've got some really creative serving plates). - chocolate covered strawberries (I don't know why but this never ceases to impress me). - their mac-n-cheese. - their meat station. Hmmm.. The only things they sucked at are the Korean dishes haha their tteokbokki and galbi are pretty bad.
One of my favorite buffets in Vegas and I consider myself a buffet-lover!  Wicked Spoon is on the high-end of the buffet spectrum with individual servings, unique (but tasteful) combinations of food, great service, and impeccable presentation.  It is expensive, but you're paying for quality of food and convenience of having a huge variety of quality foods.  You expect crappy food at a cheap buffet, right?  Exact opposite at Wicked Spoon.
