I think this is the best buffet in all of Vegas, at least at any of the hotels.. We stayed at the Aria, so going to their buffet was as easy as walking. Huh.. Now I have seen 2 and 3 stars here for this place.. If you can't spend $27 on dinner or don't like upscale food, its not the place for you. . I can only say that the food taste like a gourmet restaurant, rather then your run of the mill buffets, don't get me wrong, I love Spice Market Buffet and the likes, but the Aria is a step above.. They may not have as many dishes as the other, but what they lack in quantity they make up for in quality! Did I say that out loud?. I never, I say never go for quality over quantity, but the Aria is worth it.. We don't like fru fru foo foo restaurants, and this is not. Even my wife likes it. For that to come our of her mouth (the words,  not the food) is saying something.. OH, BTW, the pictures of the crab legs are making me hungry right now. I never order crab legs at a restaurant, but when I'm in Vegas, I get my fill of shell fish for the entire year. They are the largest I have seen at a buffet.. But be warned, they may charge more on the weekends, as some do, as they have lobster on those nights.
I don't know why this place got a 3 stars, but I'm giving it a 5!. . I'm not a buffet person, but this buffet surely surprised me. For 30 bucks it was unlimited of yumminess!. . The meat (which I judge really hard on, considering my background) was tender, VERY TENDER. It was easy to cut, and easy to choose. I had NO complaining.. . They make the kind of pasta you want. The drinks (soda, raspberry tea, etc) are for FREE (well, with your meal, but free refills!. I know it sounds silly but there ARE places where they don't give you that option)  They had king crab, asian food, salad, etc etc. I thought they made the asian food non-salty though, which was a plus for me. . . They just have so much to offer! We sat there for 3 hrs and ate so much. I was truly satisfied. Oh, and if you must know, the bathrooms are clean!!!. . The staff was extra extra nice. You can do the valet parking at arias and just provide tips. . . OH! and a BIG bonus for me was that they actually SCOOP the icecream FOR ME!! :] This ain't some lame icecream either...it tasted homemade. Oh, and their flan was delish. I went back to my hotel, SATISFIED. Now I wish I could go back :[
hands down the best buffet in vegas, if you love crab legs and champagne its a win win you just cant lose
For some reason people are giving this place hard knocks.  I went there and absolutely loved it.  On the weekends there is an awesome gourmet menu with stuff like crab legs, venison, duck, steak, ect.  You name it they have it.  And who couldn't love the bottomless white and red wine???  Plus, every table gets a lobster tail.  I think that alone would make this a great buffet.  Anyway, I always come empty and leave full and a little too tipsy.. . I have also been to the brunch buffet.  Not quite as good, but still pretty great with bottomless chamagne and a huge selection.
Food, food, and more food !!!   Ate here for Saturday brunch ($23.95 each).  Great selection of different cuisine (American, Asian, Mexican, Greek).  add $7 to your brunch for all you can drink champagne and mimosas.  . . Got my grub on with mouth watering cuts of beef top round, turkey breast, and gourmet side dishes.. . Desserts are yummy, with creme brulee, "exotic" bananas foster, and many more.. . Wait staff is friendly (but one waiter forgot my hot water, and had to be reminded..........minor complaint, but it happens).. . Restrooms are decorated well and very clean.. . Can't wait to come back ................
I LOVED THIS BUFFET, pretty funny because its buffet food, but this was delicious buffet food. I ant say enough good things about the biscuits and gravy, very classic. This is a great deal, if your staying at the Aria a must!
Food, food, and more food !!! I eat here every  Saturday brunch ($23.95 each,add $7 to your brunch for all you can drink champagne and mimosas) when im in town.  This buffet has a great selection of different cuisine (American, Asian, Mexican, Greek).. The service is exceptional and the extra $7 is well worth the "all you can drink champagne and mimosas"  because they really do mean "all you can drink" Ive stayed for hours and they just keep pouring as long as you are in the hours of the brunch buffet. If you love crab legs this place is what you have been waiting for. They are all cracked and ready to be eaten, their selection is random but well thought out and their desserts are fabulous. Definitely a good way to get your day started :)
So good I went back three times.  Twice for breakfast, once for lunch.. . The buffet atAria is perhaps the best kept secret on the strip.  The variety of foods will satisfy even the most picky of eaters.. . Yes, tons of shrimp, crab legs, sushi.. the usual you'd get at a buffet... but there's so much more.. . The layout is comfortable and easy to get around and the ambiance is great.. . Even if I don't stay at City Center next time (I probably will) I'll definitely make a special trip to the buffet at Aria.
Haven't been there since last June, but it was well worth the $20 charge per person for lunch.. . Serving King Crab and Roast Beef (usually reserved for a dinner buffet) isn't what makes it special.  They have (or had then) one of the top 10 Chocolatiers in the world.  . . Usually at a buffet the dessert island looks like it was set up through a production line process.  Not this place.  EVERYTHING looked awesome, and (what I tried) tasted even better than it looked.. . My wife had a chocolate shooter and exclaimed "this is so good that they should require a prescription for it.". . We had to limit ourselves because something that damn tasty cannot be good for you.  I am not normally a dessert person but it was phenomenal.  . . Due to the fact that too much sugar is not healthy. I usually (if ever) do not eat dessert, and if I do it wouldn't be more than 1 dessert servings at any one meal. It was so good I had 2 & 1/2 servings (I had to taste to see if it was as delicious as it looked [and it was]).. . It has been nearly a year since I was there, but I am looking forward to my next visit at the end of May so that I can once again enjoy my self imposed dessert limit (2 next time).. . It's a good thing that I don't live in Vegas or I'd be needing to go on a diet in no time.
I was there for mothers day buffets, Yummy, and double plus on crab legs already crack in half for you.
The breakfast buffet was amazing! I fell in love with their portugese sausage and some raw oatmeal type dish that had berries and banana! It was less than $20!
Very good. . Waitress are friendly. . Good Food. . Desserts are good. . Good Price. . Best Buffet in las Vegas.. We didnt wait at all. We went there 3 Times brakfast Lunch & Dinner.  . We tried lots of the Buffets the last Weeks.
What's up with all the 1-3 stars?? I loved this buffet. The setting is fresh clean, gorgeous. The split crab legs were a big draw but the sushi was spot on, fresh, delicious and beautifully displayed. I liked the salads esp the potato and crisp coleslaw. Garlic nan with tandoori chicken for lunch, where do you find that? 5-6 flavors of soft cookies, peanut butter blondies and over the top chocolate brownies. Gelato or sorbet to cleanse your palate.. I've never found a group of Yelpers more off target then in these reviews. They serve lunch till 4PM, that really worked for me. Give this place a try, I doubt you'll be disappointed.
My friends and I looked up the best rated buffets in Vegas and found that the Aria was rated in the Top 10. However, we were a little shocked when the price was $39.95 for dinner, especially when our Wicked Spoon Buffet (in the Cosmopolitan), the night before, was $34. Shortly after being seated, we did not hesitate the price. Every person got their own lobster tail (already pre-sliced in half) and unlimited wine! The buffet was great and offered snow and king crab legs (also pre-sliced in half). They had plenty to choose from, even for me, who was on a pretty strict diet of no carbs and no sweets. We found out shortly after that the lobster and unlimited wine was only a Saturday night (or weekends, I don't remember) special. So, I definitely recommend trying to go around that time.. . We did end up going toThe Buffet at Aria for breakfast for $17. It wasn't bad, just not worth the $17. However, we did get to breakfast late and they started changing up the food for lunch, which meant we also got to fill up on lunch food for the price of a breakfast buffet!. . BOTTOM LINE: The Buffet is worth the price during the lobster/unlimited wine night, but you can definitely find pretty decent, cheaper buffets for breakfast and/or lunch
I had both breakfast and dinner at this place. My only complaint really was the price, but you really get quality food in return. The lobster and wine dinner was awesome. I've never gotten hummus at a buffet before, but the garlic naan bread and hummus were excellent.. . The breakfast was even better. They had bar none, the best breakfast biscuits I've ever tasted. Soft and flaky and tasty and just perfect. I don't know why restaurants always insist on cooking biscuits hard as rocks, its impossible to find good biscuits and gravy normally. They were heavenly at Aria's buffet.
Very good! Service was good, food was excellent! Large eating area and a really good selection of food, from chinese food to regular breakfast items to crab legs! I loved this place. Oh BTW: Keep some room in your belly for the dessert. The dessert spread is to die for!
Well this is my new favorite buffet...why? Lets see, what really matters about buffets? Firstly, price. At 29.99 its def not the cheapest around, but its also not as bad as Bellagio and a few others. . Secondly: quality. Best quality crab around at buffets, period. Easily better than Bellagio, with warm clarified butter along side, a glaring absence in the Bellagio crab presentation  easy. Plus (this is a secret!) they'll steam your crab legs if you ask!  The shrimp for shrimp cocktails are huge! Way plumper than I have seen at any other buffet  The prime rib was was perfect, braised short rib ragu was for tender, mashed potatos tasted real, rotisserie chicken was juicy, pizza was edible, even their attempt at indian food was pretty good.  . Not to mention the dessert was much better than Bellagio.  They have REAL cheesecake and great carrot cake, plus some flambe banana thing that was amazing.. 1 thing Bellagio has is rack of lamb (at least on fridays saturdays), but considering all this quality stuff and the price difference, The Buffet is definitely a better choice.  Oh and my waiter was great; fast and polite!. P.S. I went to Aria on a thursday, not sure if they amp it up a bit with extra food and higher prices on weekends, most strip buffets seem to do that.
By far the best buffet I've encountered on the Strip (thus far).  It's quiet, intimate, the selection is grandiose, and everything I tried was excellent (I finished my plate every time).  My only complaint is I never got to go back for seconds because I got full too quickly.  As a bonus, I got there at 3:30 so I was able to crossover for dinner at 4pm.  That way I got to try a little bit of lunch and dinner variety (somehow, I think I prefer the lunch selection).  At $20 for lunch ($30 for dinner) it's pretty steep, but in this case you do get what you pay for.  Plus, you can always try the staying-for-dinner trick!. . It's the little things that count. :D. . *sigh* ...I'm lonely.
We tried the dinner buffet on a Friday evening and really enjoyed both the food and service.  There was an exceptional variety of food items from various cuisines around the world, including a whole steamed Red Snapper in the Chinese section.  I have never seen this offered before in any Las Vegas buffet.. . The price was very reasonable at $36.95, which included unlimited wine and a whole steamed Maine Lobster for two people. (This offer is only available Friday-Sunday).  I must admit, however, that our lobster was overcooked and rubbery, except for the claw which was delicious.  But I give them credit for trying.... . The dessert selection was also very good.  I especially liked the flan, which was light and refreshing.. . Our attendant was very efficient at clearing away the used plates and replenishing our beverages.. . I also liked the ambiance of this restaurant.  It's modern and upscale, with plenty of room to move around.
I wasn't sure a five-star buffet was even possible, but Aria's Buffet changed my mind on that. I'm normally way too cheap to pay $38 for a dinner buffet, but my friend offered to pay 1/2 my bill, and buy us a bottle of wine on his work tab. How could I refuse?. . You know what? I *would* have paid $38, and I would have been happy about it. The ambiance in the room is excellent - light and bright, but not aggressively so. My friend and I spent a good 2 hours there and could have easily spent more.. . Service was top-notch and a bottle of bubbly cost us about $35 - not a bad deal in Vegas. And the food? Oh, the food. Everything I tasted was delicious, and the desserts were divine, and perfectly portion-sized. I'll be back. Oh yes, Buffet at Aria - I'll be back.
My heart longs for King Crab legs!!!  Make sure to get a full plate of legs, then ask the worker behind the counter (there's usually 1-2 workers behind each station) to steam it.  The crab legs come out fresh and hot!!  I love that they make it really easy to eat so you don't have to work on getting the meat out.. . They have a nice variety of food there, from Asian (noodles was bomb), Italian (pastas and pizzas), to meat (lamb and roast beef?), soups, and a nice selection of desserts.  All for about $30-something per person.. . I like the atmosphere.  Everything is very open, very clean and comfortable.  Its not too noisy like other buffets in Vegas.. . I was a little sad that I didn't get a chance to eat on Friday-Saturday, because there's a lobster special on those days.  Its a little more, but one day I will try it.
I rate 5 of 5 stars to The Buffet at the Aria Resort and Casino. I have tried many of the buffets on the Las Vegas strip and only two meet my standard for 5 star buffets based on selection, food quality and presentation. The Buffet offers a wide selection of reasonable foods to eat; I can honestly say that I'd eat every selection they offer. The food quality is high and attractive presentation.. . To be totally honest, the best buffet on the strip is at Bellagio and the Aria is a second placeholder. There are key differences: Bellagio is vastly larger with double or triple the selections of Aria. The downside is that Bellagio buffet is always crowded with long lines (I've waited nearly an hour to get inside) while Aria was quick to seat and quick to make your food choices. At Bellagio buffet, expect to walk around alot to find what you want, at Aria, the buffet is in a simple line; easy to find quick to grab food and chow-down.. . Bottom line: I prefer Aria's The Buffet for its quick, easy, high quality meal. I have done several breakfasts and dinners at the Buffet.
One of my fav buffet here in vegas! Great selection, attentive servers and they serve crabs in the morning too! Lol
Great gourmet food for the money, and a really wonderful dessert selection.. . The weekend dinner is a bit expensive - $38 / person which includes drinks, a small lobster, and endless king crab and snow crab legs.. . If you arent crazy about drinks and lobsters, try weekday lunch which is about $25 and probably one of the best value buffet considering quality of the food.
This was located at the Aria....I liked this Buffet quite a bit. I am comparing this to other buffets I have had. We used to come to Vegas for the fabulous buffets , 99 cent shrimp cocktails, and the free drinks on the tables. Well at least the drinks are still "theoretically free"   haha. Now no one comes just for the buffets ,but rather the 5 star chefs restaurants located in the many ritzy hotels!.   Ok every hotel has a buffet, some are really really big and others specialize in a few things like "seafood" or lobster .This buffet is not too big and offers a good selection of quality items. I don't need food from all over the world and a sample of every dish, however what i do want is quality dishes for what is put out. I found that the beef , prime rib, and the seafood (crab legs) were very good.  Aria even had an omelet bar for breakfast... a real plus!  I did try a little spanish rice and some pasta.... just for a taste and they were good too. I always have a little vegetables, salads, and various greens, and those were all quite exceptional. Now don't expect to get some fantastic service besides a few big  drinks, it is well worth the brunch price......champagne doesn't hurt either
Remember This is a 5 Star BUFFET REVIEW!. . . Breakfast Buffett at the Aria $15.95 per person includes unlimited coffee and soft drinks as well. Large square layout of food in ultra modern setting with spacious seating.  Our server was good about keeping up with our large party but I'm stunned they would not put the coffee pot down on the table. Guess to much waste is take on it.  Either way she was pretty good about it. . . Starts on one side with an impressive array of pastries, cookies and pies and every other baked good known to man.  Followed by a Asian display of various items I normally don't eat for breakfast.  Then you move around and stage 3 is blintzes and crepes and various cold cuts.   You make the turn and it's your standard breakfast fare with eggs, bacon, sausage.  Keep going Pizza 4 types including an egg breakfast pizza.  And on to pancakes and waffles. OH WAIT Mexican Station, with breakfast burriottos etc.    OK not full yet omelets station and carving station with giant fresh sausage and ham.  throw in some free range chicken being carved right there as well.  Undaunted and want more how about bagels various crazy type creme cheeses and spreads followed by a large fruit display along with country biscuits and gravy YUM!. . . GOD HELP ME I'm about to burst.   I know I know all buffets are like this.  Well maybe so, but place was laid out nicely food was hot and fresh and tasty and service very good. For $15.00 how can you go wrong especially since a coffee and one pastry at the take out coffee shop costs about $9.00.. . I don't understand the negative reviews at all. remember you are reviewing this as a buffet not comparing a $16.00 breakfast extravaganza against Smith & Wolenskis.  Your reviews need to reflect the type of business and compare it against other similar types.   If comparing to Buffets well Top Shelf folks. A definite repeat
I rate The Buffet at Aria 5 of 5 stars. As a frequent visitor to the Las Vegas Strip, my favorite hotel is the Aria at City Center. If you are looking for me, likely you will find me there. No, I'm not much into gambling, yes, I'm into the food, shows and things to see. The Buffet at Aria is my second favorite buffet behind The Buffet at Bellagio (which BTW, is a short tram ride from Aria). The Buffet at Aria is smaller than Bellagio with fewer choices, but (and it is a BIG BUT), the selections of food are great! They have exactly what I like to eat and I'm happy to eat everything they have. The merits of Aria's buffet are: a quick elevator ride from your room (rather than a 25 minute walk, ride, walk to Bellagio), shorter lines than Bellagio and quicker to fill your plate. So one strategy would be to do breakfast at Aria's buffet (a breakfast is a breakfast so no advantage to Bellagio buffet) then do dinner at one of Aria or Bellagio buffet. I highly recommend The Buffet at Aria!
I don't know why this place doesn't have a higher rating. The buffet at Aria actually made me want to write me first review ever! My friend and I happened to get there at brunch and that couldn't have been better timing! FIRST of all, this place was immaculate. Everything was really clean, which I love, obviously. I love food, but I'm not really a buffet person because they have kind of a grimy vibe to me. Aria was completely different. . . So brunch consisted of an omelette station, fresh biscuits and gravy, eggs, bacon, sausage etc. DO not skip the waffles they are HEAVENLY. I was determined to do a buffet right this time and try everything but I stuffed myself with three or four of those babies. They also have crablegs for DAYS which I also went back to a few times. I've never eaten so much crab on my life. It tasted so fresh. Another thing I never do is eat sushi at a buffet but given the clean environment I went for it. Delicious! They did not disappoint. They also have Chinese food which was absolutely fantastic and not super greasy. They had these huge cuts of BBQ'd pork, tri-tip, all different cuts and flavors of meat and they're steaming hot and savory. I still salivate at the thought hah. Another thing I really liked is that they have some Indian curries and chickpea marsala that was incredible. The dessert bar is to die for. They have many desserts to chose from and they are all delightful. . . Food lovers unite. This place is definitely worth it.
Not sure if there's a better variety of food out there for $17 breakfast/lunch Buffett in the heart of the strip.. . Very clean, made to order omelets, a ton of breakfast options, lots of lunch items including Asian and Italian.  Lots of healthy choices too.  I hit every meat carving station instead....veal, ham, Portuguese sausage, and roasted chicken.
We ate Sunday brunch here. They had all you can drink champagne and bloody marys. The price was a bit high, but we drank and ate enough crab legs to get our money's worth. Flor (our waitress) was AWESOME! She was very friendly and kept the champagne coming. I liked that they had Indian food on the buffet. You don't see that often. We did have to wait, but not long. I will say that most of the desserts looked better than they actually tasted. I liked that the crab legs were already cracked for you. It made it way easier to eat. I would recommend this buffet!
Light and very open seating makes the experience of this extensive buffet a delight! The wait staff is very attentive and the menu, even at lunch, covers every taste from vegetarian to jumbo crab legs !
Buffet was great food was good. They heat up your king crab and warm butter is waiting. Staff is friendly and ambiance was amazing! Worth the money
The Buffet at Aria was sheer bliss; An orgasm for my tastebuds indeed. It is by far, the BEST buffet in Vegas.. We went on a Friday night with my boyfriend, and I think it was about $42 per person. This includes bottomless wine, and a complimentary lobster tail for two. . . The food was amazinig! Everything was fresh and the meats,fish, pasta, chicken, and some other entrees were cooked to order. The sushi selection was amazing, and the grilled salmon was like butter in my mouth! Ahhhhh I wish I there was something comparable in Los Angeles!. . Filet mignon, New York steak, roasted lamb, and grilled chicken....oh my....my mouth waters at the recollection.. Dessert selection is truly endless! They carry the tasiest cakes, pies, chocolate mousse, and ice cream any sweet-toothed person can enjoy. . . By the end of the night, I was tipsy, full, and happy. I cannot wait to go back!. . If you are in Las Vegas, you MUST do The Buffet at Aria. No questions asked!
This was my second or third best buffet in Vegas (after trying MANY).  We went there for lunch.  The place was very clean, very stylishly decorated and it was a real fun eating adventure.  Plenty of meal choices including a LOT of gluten-free, which my wife loved. . . There was a really simple nectarine salad that my wife went back for 3 times.  They had sushi, italian style pizza slices (the kind with an egg on top - so classic!), just about everything for every taste!  Excellent carving station. . Aria was really an incredible lunch choice~!  It was a bit pricey but we went on a Saturday.. . Great job by Aria!
Price quality is perfect .  Choose the bubbly or wine option it is worth the money
Really? All you can eat King Crab Legs (cold or steamed) AND Prime Rib for like $40???? They lost money on me that's for sure! If they want to collect some cash to offset what I ate, they'd better see the Blackjack dealers downstairs!   ;). . Everything on this buffet is great. Yes, the King Crab Legs are a little smaller than a "seafood restaurant" may serve, so you just go back for 2nds, 3rds, 4ths, 5ths, etc.. The desserts are clearly gourmet and house made. . . We did my sister's wedding rehearsal dinner here for a group of 70 and I cannot tell you how amazing the staff was. The pricing was excellent, they included a whole lobster for each guest and they were organized and prepared.  I've been back 2 times since that rehearsal and this is totally on my Vegas "must do" list every time.
Wonderful dessert and crab legs.. . Nothing else to say, don't want to bother myself getting dessert right now. Yum.
Just had the holiday buffet brunch at Aria. It was a really good experience. We went at  3, so were able to eat their dinner selections too which start at 4. The buffet was pricey compared to the other ones around, is comparable to the one at Bellagio. The quality of the food was really good, they had some really  good tandoori chicken. All their food was great. They had one of the best collections of Dessert I have ever had. I would really recommend the buffet to everyone.
The desserts are to die for! :). The actual buffet is  decent. Very clean, Good service. . I loved the jumbo shrimps and Asian section a lot. . Good selection of cheese as well, but deserts are sent straight from heaven and to top it off they have high quality tea bags, that just adds to the experience.
Two thumbs up!. The best buffet I had this Christmas in Vegas.. Very tasty food which made me feel the cook's effort inside out.. Snow crab legs and king crab legs were the best. . Plus the service was great.
Crab legs, Shrimp cocktail, and more! I love this place! The waiters are so nice and attentive, and the tandoor oven and the dessert section are the WOW factors. Don't miss the desserts! They even recently expanded their Asian selections!
It really doesn't get any better! Love assortment of food choices.  Everything is fresh and wine is included?  FABULOUS!!!
My fiance and I splurged on our last trip and got a skysuite at Aria, which meant we got to skip the regular lines (although these never looked that bad). I heard the buffet was recently renovated, and it looked really nice. The atmosphere was really bright and airy. The servers are very nice and prompt and cleared our dishes very quickly. When we got the bottomless drink option, the waiter was very good about asking if we wanted refills whenever the glass got low.. . We came here three times for lunch during our weekend stay, and each time was great. Compared to other places we've eaten (Wynn Buffet, Spice, and Bacchanal), the crab legs were the best by far. They're always very fresh, constantly replenished and not once did they event run low! There are also plenty of mussels, clams, etc. The only thing I didn't like about the selection was the lack of good sushi (there were only 3 or 4 different kinds, and none looked very appetizing) and fruit variety (melons + pineapple). Overall I really loved it here! The service and food was the best I've had at Vegas so far.
this is probably my 2nd favorite buffet in town. i love the fact that you can get endless alcaholl for 12.99 more. it offers a couple beers. wines and even 1 kind of champagne. love the food. the pizza with the fried egg on top was amazing.. very kid friendly
Very good quality one of the best new renovations payed off
I waited to write my review until I had gone at least twice to this buffet. I have to say that this is my favorite buffet on the strip! Every time I go the food is delicious, the dining room is clean and the staff is very friendly. I have never gotten any under or over cooked food here and there is a good variety- if you have a large group of people there is something there for everyone, guaranteed! I also love their dessert section. I am allergic to chocolate and have a hard time finding desserts that I can enjoy, but there were plenty here! Go for the panacotta, it's to die for!
Went here for breakfast during a conference in Vegas, instead of doing the crappy conference egg sandwiches. I was really surprised how much variety they had and how good it was. Something for everyone and it all seemed relatively fresh and hot. A bit pricey at $20pp, but I would go back again.
legit
I love their buffet here!  Prime Rib, Crab Legs, BBQ Ribs, Oxtail, Salmon Poke, Shrimps and a variety of different kinds of cheeses were my highlights! . . Their prime rib is nicely cooked, BBQ rib sweetly grilled and tender and oxtail well marinated in stew!  To a point that the meat is smoothly falling off the bone!  Smacking delicious!. . Plus, you got the seafood part!  Unlimited amount of shrimps with cocktail dips and chopped up crab legs for you to hover over!  Zest it up with lemon wedges and it will be perfecto! . . Desserts, desserts!  Do try their ice cream flavors and their delectable creme brulee!  They also have good looking cake pops that can entice you to just pop it in your mouth!. . Oh my goodness!  This place is a buffet lover's haven!
I have no idea why anyone would give this any less than 4 stars!  Good food, good price, and a very nice atmosphere.
Awesome buffet all high quality food and very little sense of eating low quality buffet food.
Wow! This breakfast was amazing. I loved the french toast fried sticks, the pastries, and everything else. Breakfast is $18.99 and well worth it!
Hands down best buffet in Vegas. The service is what put it over the top. I have a major allergy and the server had the chef come out to talk to us. He walked me around the entire buffet pointing out all the things that were safe for me. I've never had that kind of treatment at a restaurant. And the bottomless alcohol option is well worth it!
Aria is by far one of the best buffets in Vegas and I think it is the best one I have ever eaten at. The eclectic variety is more than you get at even places like the Bellagio. And since the buffet is tucked away on the second floor, the lines aren't long either.. . I ate here both for lunch and dinner and while the menus were nearly identical, the food was great both times. Aria served a mix of Indian food, Chinese food, fresh sushi, steamed and cold crab legs, scallops, fish, pork shoulder, prime rib and carved ham and chicken.. . Even the salads were better and prepared in front of you by chefs. After all that you can hit the dessert table and get Butterfinger ice cream. As you can imagine, I felt fat.
This is definitely in the top 10 buffets of Vegas. I went for Sunday brunch and it was fantastic. t's only $29 for the brunch and an additional $12 for unlimited cocktails, beer, wine and champagne. Anything you could possibly want to eat was there for you. I really enjoyed the crab legs, dumplings and extensive carving station. If you plan to buffet it in Vegas, this is a good one to try. The line was short too!
My son chose this Buffet as the reception for his small wedding. I had a few reservations about it but it sounded good. And it turned out to be a great choice. They put aside an area for us to all fit in. Two servers were there to help us along with a supervisor whose name I wish I'd taken down since she was very helpful. The food was great. Everything I tried, and I sampled a lot, was excellent. A wide variety of things that were all well prepared. It's not the cheapest by any stretch of the imagination. But I view it as one of my better dining experiences in Vegas. I'll be back.
I honestly don't understand how anyone can grouse about the buffet at Aria, unless they don't really like buffets in general. If you want a fine dining experience - go to Scarpetta or Guy Savoy. If you want an amazing buffet - it's at Aria. . . I first went to the Aria buffet in October 2012 and by the time of my next visit in October 2013, it had been revamped. I liked it originally, but the re-do makes the experience even better. My friend and I visited for lunch, and the price was very reasonable - maybe $22? Complimentary beverages are served in classy stemless wine glasses and our cheerful server was all about making sure we stayed hydrated. . . Of all the things I ate, the only bite I wasn't crazy about was a lone potsticker. That means I found the following things delicious: chicken salad, ham, macaroni & cheese, mashed potatoes, sushi (albeit the rice was a tad dry), antipasti, mushroom bruschetta, French onion soup, corned beef hash, gazpacho, crab legs, mussels, pecan tart, chocolate cake, coconut macaroons...and probably more things I can't remember.
This was a no brainer for me. My girlfriend had been in las Vegas the previous year and they had not yet opened this buffet (closed for refurb I do believe) so she wanted to try it. Our servers name was Sonny and he really lived up to his name. He had a smile he was attentive and upbeat the entire time. It can really make or break your dinner experience even if it is buffet . He made our experience there that much more enjoyable and wonderful. The food was Amazing. Hot crab legson the dinner buffet and already cracked for you so all you had to do was scoop out the meat. A variety of shrimp and so much more to choose from. Their labeling system was a little different for foods. Instead of being on the glass over the food it was on chalkboards on that strip of the bar above all the foods. Very inventive and cute. Dessert bar was amazing. Everything about this buffet was well worth it. I will def be back for this one. A huge shout out to Sonny.....Thank you for making our experience the best yet at a Vegas Buffet
The best Breakfast Place on hte Strip! Recepies are the state of art! If you like kashi, oatmeals, crapes and tartalets like I do, I strongly suggest you to ckeck this place out! While writing this at home, I still have some sort of sensation and my taste buds are awake. I used to be a fan of Wynn morning sessions, now I'm in beteween Aria and Wynn. Delicious and tempting is all I can say!
When people think of Las Vegas buffets, they are thinking about the $10 lobster and steak deals. That is not the Buffet at the Aria. This is TOP SHELF cuisine.
First I would like to say that this is great buffet. My crew and I went on a saturday brunch. 29.99 plus add all u can drink for 13 $ more...skip the bloody mary and get the white sangria. Which was recommemded to use by our excellent waiter. Danny. He is the best. Super fast service. Plates always taken away. Drinks always filled. We always had what we needed. Didnt even have to ask. He just took care of it. His manager Lo was also great and welcoming. I suggest sit in his section and please tip people!! Cobra!!!
AYCE Crab legs and sushi for $22.99 for lunch M-Th. I'm in heaven. This is our go to buffet whenever we are in Vegas. Kids 3 and under eat for free.This place is awesome!!
Steamed, hot snow crab w/ drawn butter is a winner! Having a choice of consuming hot or cold crab is a great idea. Must taste gelato flavors - mandarin yuzu, gluten free pistachio, pumpkin, peanut butter w/ chocolate pretzel are delicious! There are so many gelato flavors that I saw in the automated carousel but did not have a chance to try. Mini whoopie pies are delectable! Gluten free panacotta is yummy!
Here's why I give it five stars:. -This buffet has the largest gluten free selection I have ever seen in a Vegas buffet! Great options!. -That being said, I'm gluten free most often by choice not because of an allergy, I came here today specifically for the BREAD PUDDING! Oh my god! DELISH!!!!. -Their desserts in general are fantastic! . -One evening when my husband and I came here for dinner we were presented with a lobster before our drinks even arrived! Crazy!. . This is a top choice of my husband and I, we're always pleasantly happy and full every time we come! :). Eat up!
I am not a buffet person. My parents live in Vegas and they love buffets. I must admit, for a person who eats healthy (me), this worked for me and I ate here twice during my stay, once for lunch and for breakfast.. The selection is not as massive as most but the food is refreshed often, the presentation is good and it worked for me.. Is it knock your socks off? Absolutely not. But for $20 for breakfast and $24 for lunch it is a good value.. What did I like?. They will toss your salad and it is good choices. This won me over.. The smoked salmon (lox) was pretty good quality.. The fresh fruit was decent.. The roasted beets for lunch were delicious.. I left happy and not stuffed. Perfect.. And I didn't hate it, like I usually do at Mandalay Bay.. Well done, Aria.
This place is sooooooo damn good!! My family was so happy with all the food. Prime rib, raw oysters, claims, mussels, crab, etc....ALL OF IT WAS GREAT!!! I can't wait to go back! It's expensive but worth it! Went for Christmas dinner with my family so the holiday price was RIDICULOUS but we had no complaints..we ate until we couldn't eat anymore. WE LOVE FOOD!!
